Congressional Record
U
N
U
M
E
P
LU
RI
B
U
S
United States
of America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 116th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
b This symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b 1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.
H6017 
Vol. 166 
WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 2020 
No. 199 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-
pore (Ms. WEXTON). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-
nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON, DC, 
November 24, 2020. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable JENNIFER 
WEXTON to act as Speaker pro tempore on 
this day. 
NANCY PELOSI, 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Gracious and merciful God, we give 
You thanks for giving us another day. 
In this Chamber, where the people’s 
House gathers, we pause to offer You 
gratitude for the gift of this good land 
on which we live, and for this great Na-
tion, which You have inspired in devel-
oping over so many years. 
Give to us and all people a vivid 
sense of Your presence, that we may 
learn to understand each other, to re-
spect each other, to work with each 
other, to live with each other, and to 
do good to each other. So shall we 
make our Nation great in goodness, 
and good in its greatness. 
Bless those involved with the transi-
tion process of the executive branch. 
We thank You that once again we are 
showing the world the benefits of 
peaceful transition with changes in 
power and leadership. 
May all that is done this day be for 
Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 4(a) of House Resolution 
967, the Journal of the last day’s pro-
ceedings is approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will lead the House in the Pledge 
of Allegiance. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-
lic for which it stands, one nation under God, 
indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 4(b) of House Resolution 
967, the House stands adjourned until 1 
p.m. on Friday, November 27, 2020. 
Thereupon (at 10 o’clock and 2 min-
utes a.m.), under its previous order, the 
House adjourned until Friday, Novem-
ber 27, 2020, at 1 p.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the 
Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
EC–5662. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule—Airworthiness Directives; 
Airbus SAS Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA– 
2020–0588; Product Identifier 2020–NM–048–AD; 
Amendment 39–21173; AD 2020–15–10) [RIN: 
2120–AA64] November 4, 2020, pursuant to 5 
U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104–121, Sec. 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC–5663. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule—Airworthiness Directives; 
Bell Textron Inc. (Type Certificate Pre-
viously Held by Bell Helicopter Textron Inc.) 
Helicopters 
[Docket 
No.: 
FAA–2018–0598; 
Product Identifier 2018–SW–030–AD; Amend-
ment 39–21194; AD 2020–16–10] (RIN: 2120– 
AA64) received November 4, 2020, pursuant to 
5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104–121, Sec. 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC–5664. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule—Airworthiness Directives; 
Leonardo S.p.A. Helicopters [Docket No.: 
FAA–2020–0215; Product Identifier 2018–SW– 
088–AD; Amendment 39–21181; AD 2020–15–18] 
(RIN: 2120–AA64) received November 4, 2020, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104–121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture. 
EC–5665. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule—Airworthiness Directives; 
Pacific Aerospace Limited Airplanes [Docket 
No.: FAA–2019–0566; Product Identifier 2018– 
CE–035–AD; Amendment 39–21182; AD 2020–15– 
19] (RIN: 2120–AA64) received November 4, 
2020, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public 
Law 104–121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure. 
EC–5666. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule—Airworthiness Directives; 
Rolls-Royce Corporation (Type Certificate 
Previously Held by Allison Engine Company) 
Turbofan Engines [Docket No.: FAA–2020– 
0679; 
Project 
Identifier 
AD–2020–01060–E; 
Amendment 39–21197; AD 2020–16–13] (RIN: 
2120–AA64) received November 4, 2020, pursu-
ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104– 
121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee 
on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC–5667. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule—Airworthiness Directives; 
The Boeing Company Airplanes [Docket No.: 
FAA–2020–0208; Product Identifier 2019–NM– 
209–AD; Amendment 39–21177; AD 2020–15–14] 
(RIN: 2120–AA64) received November 4, 2020, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104–121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture. 
EC–5668. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule—Airworthiness Directives; 
Aspen Avionics, Inc. [Docket No.: FAA–2020– 
0723; 
Project 
Identifier 
AD–2020–00586–Q; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:09 Nov 25, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A24NO7.000
H24NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 0-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6018 
November 24, 2020 
Amendment 39–21192; AD 2020–16–08] (RIN: 
2120–AA64) received November 4, 2020, pursu-
ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104– 
121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee 
on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC–5669. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule—Amendment of Class E 
Airspace; Glens Falls, NY [Docket No.: FAA– 
2020–0192; Airspace Docket No.: 20–AEA–3] 
(RIN: 2120–AA66) November 4, 2020, pursuant 
to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104–121, 
Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC–5670. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule—Amendment of Class E 
Airspace; Sitka, AK [Docket No.: FAA–2020– 
0352; Airspace Docket No.: 18–AAL–4] (RIN: 
2120–AA66) received November 4, 2020, pursu-
ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104– 
121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee 
on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC–5671. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule—Removal of Class E Air-
space, and Amendment of Class D and Class 
E Airspace; Jacksonville, FL [Docket No.: 
FAA–2019–0932; Airspace Docket No.: 19–ASO– 
24] (RIN: 2120–AA66) received November 4, 
2020, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public 
Law 104–121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following 
titles were introduced and severally re-
ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. O’HALLERAN (for himself and 
Mr. BURGESS): 
H.R. 8807. A bill to establish a grant pro-
gram to map optimal locations for electric 
vehicle charging stations and the derived de-
mand for electricity, and for other purposes; 
to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. ADERHOLT (for himself, Mr. 
LATTA, Mr. JOHNSON
of Ohio, Mr. 
BYRNE, and Mrs. RODGERS of Wash-
ington): 
H.R. 8808. A bill to amend title VI of the 
Social Security Act to permit the use of pay-
ments received under the Coronavirus Relief 
Fund for grants for the deployment of infra-
structure for the provision of broadband 
internet access service, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Oversight and 
Reform. 
By Mr. CASTRO of Texas (for himself, 
Mr. CICILLINE, Mr. MCGOVERN, Mr. 
LOWENTHAL, 
Ms. 
NORTON, 
Ms. 
HAALAND, Mr. CARSON of Indiana, and 
Mr. SHERMAN): 
H.R. 8809. A bill to review the termination 
characterization of former employees of the 
Department of State who were fired by rea-
son of the sexual orientation of such employ-
ees, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Ms. DELBENE (for herself, Mr. KIL-
MER, Mr. HECK, Mr. SMITH of Wash-
ington, Mr. CARTWRIGHT, and Ms. 
BONAMICI): 
H.R. 8810. A bill to establish a national pro-
gram to identify and reduce losses from land-
slide hazards, to establish a national 3D Ele-
vation Program, and for other purposes; to 
the Committee on Natural Resources, and in 
addition to the Committee on Science, 
Space, and Technology, for a period to be 
subsequently determined by the Speaker, in 
each case for consideration of such provi-
sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
By Ms. FINKENAUER (for herself, Mr. 
LOEBSACK, and Mrs. AXNE): 
H.R. 8811. A bill to initiate an inquiry and 
report on COVID–19 data quality, sharing, 
transparency, access, and analysis and de-
velop a process to correct inaccurate infor-
mation reported with respect to the COVID– 
19 public health emergency, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. 
By Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER (for her-
self and Mrs. MURPHY of Florida): 
H.R. 8812. A bill to amend subtitle A of 
title II of division A of the CARES Act to 
provide a hardship waiver for certain over-
payments of Pandemic Unemployment As-
sistance; to the Committee on Ways and 
Means. 
By Mr. KILDEE (for himself and Mr. 
BERGMAN): 
H.R. 8813. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to require the Secretary of Vet-
erans Affairs to provide to a member of the 
uniformed services who is denied a trau-
matic 
injury 
protection 
claim 
under 
Servicemembers’ Group Life Insurance cer-
tain information related to that denial; to 
the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI: 
H.R. 8814. A bill to authorize appropria-
tions to the National Geospatial-Intelligence 
Agency to provide support for commercial 
geospatial, open source, and emerging space 
companies, and for other purposes; to the 
Permanent 
Select 
Committee 
on 
Intel-
ligence. 
By Mr. LAMALFA (for himself, Mr. 
BUDD, and Mr. GIBBS): 
H.R. 8815. A bill to amend the Help Amer-
ica Vote Act of 2002 to establish certain re-
quirements with respect to a delivered ballot 
in an election for Federal office, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on House 
Administration. 
By Mr. MCADAMS (for himself and Mr. 
GONZALEZ of Ohio): 
H.R. 8816. A bill to amend subchapter II of 
chapter 53 of title 31, United States Code to 
require training for Bank Secrecy Act Fed-
eral examiners on anti-money laundering 
and countering the financing of terrorism, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Financial Services, and in addition to the 
Committee on Ways and Means, for a period 
to be subsequently determined by the Speak-
er, in each case for consideration of such pro-
visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
By Mr. PANETTA (for himself and Mr. 
SMITH of Nebraska): 
H.R. 8817. A bill to provide incentives to 
make charitable contributions of certain in-
ventory; to the Committee on Ways and 
Means. 
By Ms. SCANLON (for herself, Mr. 
NADLER, and Mr. CICILLINE): 
H.R. 8818. A bill to amend title 11, United 
States Code, to prohibit private employers to 
deny employment involving debtors in bank-
ruptcy; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. SLOTKIN (for herself and Mr. 
JOYCE of Ohio): 
H.R. 8819. A bill to improve and expand the 
Solid Start program of the Department of 
Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to 
the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Ms. UNDERWOOD (for herself, Mrs. 
DAVIS of California, Mr. RYAN, Mr. 
SMITH of Washington, Mr. DEUTCH, 
Ms. DEAN, Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas, 
Ms. TLAIB, Mr. CISNEROS, Mr. CLAY, 
Mr. SUOZZI, Ms. PORTER, Mr. SABLAN, 
Mr. COOPER, Mr. NEGUSE, Ms. LEE of 
California, Ms. VELA´ ZQUEZ, Mr. LAR-
SON of Connecticut, Ms. BROWNLEY of 
California, 
Mr. 
GARAMENDI, 
Mr. 
DANNY
K. DAVIS
of Illinois, Mr. 
MCGOVERN, 
Mr. 
MALINOWSKI, 
Ms. 
NORTON, Mr. HARDER of California, 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY, Ms. SCHRIER, Mrs. 
DINGELL, Mr. GARCI´A of Illinois, Mr. 
MOULTON, Ms. ADAMS, Ms. TITUS, Mr. 
PANETTA, 
Mr. 
MORELLE, 
Ms. 
HOULAHAN, Ms. BONAMICI, Mr. THOMP-
SON of Mississippi, Mr. MCNERNEY, 
Mr. KHANNA, Mr. WELCH, Mr. MI-
CHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
DESAULNIER, Mr. RICHMOND, Mr. FOS-
TER, Mr. TAKANO, Mr. GRIJALVA, Mr. 
COHEN, Ms. MENG, Mr. LOWENTHAL, 
Mr. SOTO, Ms. MATSUI, Mr. PASCRELL, 
Mr. LEVIN of Michigan, Ms. JAYAPAL, 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Ms. SCAN-
LON, Mr. PRICE of North Carolina, Ms. 
STEVENS, Mr. PAYNE, Ms. LOFGREN, 
Mr. TRONE, Mr. CARTWRIGHT, Ms. 
CLARK
of 
Massachusetts, 
Mr. 
CLEAVER, Ms. SPEIER, Mrs. BUSTOS, 
Mr. RUSH, Mr. SARBANES, Mr. TED 
LIEU of California, Ms. DEGETTE, Ms. 
KUSTER
of New Hampshire, Mrs. 
HAYES, Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York, Mr. CA´ RDENAS, Ms. JUDY 
CHU of California, Mr. SWALWELL of 
California, Mrs. TRAHAN, Ms. MOORE, 
Ms. JOHNSON
of Texas, and Mr. 
RASKIN): 
H.R. 8820. A bill to extend the temporary 
relief for Federal student loan borrowers pro-
vided under the CARES Act; to the Com-
mittee on Education and Labor. 
By Ms. JUDY CHU of California (for 
herself, Ms. LEE of California, Mr. 
COX of California, Mr. VARGAS, Ms. 
HAALAND, Ms. JAYAPAL, Mr. RUP-
PERSBERGER, and Mr. TAKANO): 
H. Res. 1236. A resolution recognizing the 
80th birthday of Bruce Jun Fan Lee and the 
immense and positive impact that his legacy 
continues to have in creating a bridge be-
tween cultures, championing values of self- 
respect, self-discipline, and tolerance in our 
Nation, and pioneering and cultivating new 
and innovative genres of martial arts, rep-
resentation in media, and guiding philoso-
phies in the United States and around the 
world; to the Committee on Oversight and 
Reform. 
By Ms. DEGETTE (for herself, Mr. 
REED, Mr. RUIZ, Mr. KELLY of Penn-
sylvania, Ms. DELBENE, and Mrs. 
BROOKS of Indiana): 
H. Res. 1237. A resolution supporting the 
goals and ideals of American Diabetes 
Month; to the Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. 
By Mr. DESJARLAIS: 
H. Res. 1238. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives regard-
ing prioritizing the COVID–19 vaccine for 
members of the military; to the Committee 
on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. LANGEVIN (for himself and 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania): 
H. Res. 1239. A resolution expressing sup-
port for designating November 2020 National 
Career Development Month; to the Com-
mittee on Education and Labor. 
By Ms. OMAR: 
H. Res. 1240. A resolution expressing con-
demnation for police brutality wherever in 
the world it occurs; to the Committee on the 
Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee 
on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subse-
quently determined by the Speaker, in each 
case for consideration of such provisions as 
fall within the jurisdiction of the committee 
concerned. 
f 
MEMORIALS 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials 
were presented and referred as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:01 Nov 25, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\L24NO7.000
H24NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 1-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6019 
November 24, 2020 
ML–204. The SPEAKER presented a memo-
rial of the Legislature of the State of Lou-
isiana, relative to House Concurrent Resolu-
tion No. 2, to urge and request the Louisiana 
Attorney General and all appropriate federal 
agencies, including but not limited to the 
Federal Communications Commission, to in-
vestigate whether Altice USA or Suddenlink 
Communications has violated state or fed-
eral law in its dealings with the citizens of 
Louisiana; to the Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. 
ML–205. Also, a memorial of the Legisla-
ture of the State of Louisiana, relative to 
House Concurrent Resolution No. 2, to urge 
and request the Louisiana Attorney General 
and all appropriate federal agencies, includ-
ing but not limited to the Federal Commu-
nications Commission, to investigate wheth-
er Altice USA or Suddenlink Communica-
tions has violated state or federal law in its 
dealings with the citizens of Louisiana; to 
the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
ML–206. Also, a memorial of the Legisla-
ture of the State of Louisiana, relative to 
House Concurrent Resolution No. 3, memori-
alizing the United States Congress and the 
Louisiana Congressional Delegation to take 
such actions as are necessary to require the 
Federal Emergency Management Agency to 
grant Louisiana full federal funding for dis-
aster expenses associated with Hurricane 
Laura or to grant Louisiana the ability to 
utilize alternative sources of federal funding 
as needed matching funds if full federal fund-
ing is not provided; to the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure. 
ML–207. Also, a memorial of the Legisla-
ture of the State of Louisiana, relative to 
House Concurrent Resolution No. 7, to me-
morialize the United States Congress and the 
Louisiana Congressional delegation to take 
such actions as are necessary to require the 
Federal Emergency Management Agency 
(FEMA) to more efficiently coordinate the 
removal of dislocated oilfield equipment 
after natural disasters in Louisiana; to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure. 
ML–208. Also, a memorial of the Legisla-
ture of the State of Louisiana, relative to 
House Concurrent Resolution No. 3, to me-
morialize the United States Congress and the 
Louisiana Congressional Delegation to take 
such actions as are necessary to require the 
Federal Emergency Management Agency to 
grant Louisiana full federal funding for dis-
aster expenses associated with Hurricane 
Laura or to grant Louisiana the ability to 
utilize alternative sources of federal funding 
as needed matching funds if full federal fund-
ing is not provided; to the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure. 
ML–209. Also, a memorial of the Legisla-
ture of the State of Louisiana, relative to 
House Concurrent Resolution No. 7, to me-
morialize the United States Congress and the 
Louisiana Congressional delegation to take 
such actions as are necessary to require the 
Federal Emergency Management Agency 
(FEMA) to more efficiently coordinate the 
removal of dislocated oilfield equipment 
after natural disasters in Louisiana; to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure. 
ML–210. Also, a memorial of the Senate of 
the State of Louisiana, relative to Senate 
Resolution No. 51, to memorialize the Con-
gress of the United States to take necessary 
actions to review and enact federal law to 
fully protect developmentally and physically 
disabled federal benefit recipients from sex-
ual and physical exploitation or abuse by 
payees and fiduciaries; to the Committee on 
Ways and Means. 
ML–211. Also, a memorial of the Legisla-
ture of the State of Louisiana, relative to 
House Concurrent Resolution No. 38, to me-
morialize the Louisiana Congressional Dele-
gation and the United States Congress to 
take such actions as are necessary to defeat 
passage of the ‘‘Ocean-Based Climate Solu-
tions Act of 2020’’ and to protect future op-
portunities for oil and gas exploration on the 
Outer Continental Shelf; jointly to the Com-
mittees 
on 
Natural 
Resources, 
Science, 
Space, and Technology, House Administra-
tion, Ways and Means, Transportation and 
Infrastructure, and Foreign Affairs. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-
tives, the following statements are sub-
mitted regarding the specific powers 
granted to Congress in the Constitu-
tion to enact the accompanying bill or 
joint resolution. 
By Mr. O’HALLERAN: 
H.R. 8807. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18, Section 8 of Article I 
By Mr. ADERHOLT: 
H.R. 8808. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. CASTRO of Texas: 
H.R. 8809. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Constitutional Authority—Necessary and 
Proper Clause (Art. I, Sec. 8, Clause 18) 
THE U.S. CONSTITUTION 
ARTICLE I, SECTION 8: POWERS OF 
CONGRESS CLAUSE 18 
The Congress shall have power . . . To 
make all laws which shall be necessary and 
proper for carrying into execution the fore-
going powers, and all other powers vested by 
this Constitution in the government of the 
United States, or in any department or offi-
cer thereof. 
By Ms. DELBENE: 
H.R. 8810. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Ms. FINKENAUER: 
H.R. 8811. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 
8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitu-
tion. 
By Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER: 
H.R. 8812. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8 
By Mr. KILDEE: 
H.R. 8813. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI: 
H.R. 8814. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section I of the Constitution 
By Mr. LAMALFA: 
H.R. 8815. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 4, Clause l of the United 
States Constitution: ‘‘The Times, Places and 
Manner of holding Elections for Senators 
and Representatives, shall be prescribed in 
each State by the Legislature thereof; but 
the Congress may at any time by Law make 
or alter such Regulations, except as to the 
Places of chusing’ Senators.’’ 
By Mr. MCADAMS: 
H.R. 8816. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. PANETTA: 
H.R. 8817. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, clause 18 
By Ms. SCANLON: 
H.R. 8818. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section VIII. 
By Ms. SLOTKIN: 
H.R. 8819. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the 
foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-
ed by this Constitution in the Government of 
the United States, or in any Department or 
Officer thereof. 
By Ms. UNDERWOOD: 
H.R. 8820. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were 
added to public bills and resolutions, as fol-
lows: 
H.R. 40: Mr. PHILLIPS. 
H.R. 616: Mr. LIPINSKI. 
H.R. 1368: Ms. MENG. 
H.R. 1692: Mr. PHILLIPS. 
H.R. 1840: Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. 
H.R. 1945: Mr. SHERMAN. 
H.R. 1966: Ms. MENG. 
H.R. 2350: Mr. LAWSON of Florida. 
H.R. 2979: Mr. SHERMAN. 
H.R. 3229: Mr. HASTINGS. 
H.R. 4705: Mr. DESAULNIER. 
H.R. 5531: Mr. LOWENTHAL. 
H.R. 6196: Mr. STANTON and Mr. JACOBS. 
H.R. 6428: Mr. JOHNSON of South Dakota. 
H.R. 6626: Mr. CARBAJAL. 
H.R. 6703: Ms. STEVENS and Mr. POCAN. 
H.R. 7022: Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. 
H.R. 7302: Ms. JAYAPAL. 
H.R. 7414: Ms. WILD. 
H.R. 8044: Mr. PERLMUTTER. 
H.R. 8096: Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. 
H.R. 8193: Ms. JUDY CHU of California. 
H.R. 8250: Mr. CASTRO of Texas. 
H.R. 8433: Ms. BASS and Mr. HARDER of 
California. 
H.R. 8485: Mr. KILMER. 
H.R. 8581: Mr. CONNOLLY. 
H.R. 8662: Mr. FOSTER, Mr. YOHO, Mr. 
LAMB, Ms. LOFGREN, Mr. PHILLIPS, Mr. ROSE 
of New York, Mr. NEGUSE, Mr. CARBAJAL, Mr. 
DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. MOOLENAAR, 
Mr. FERGUSON, Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. ZELDIN, Ms. DEAN, Mr. 
KELLY
of Mississippi, Mr. STEUBE, Mrs. 
HARTZLER, Mr. COLE, Mr. BISHOP of Georgia, 
Mr. LAHOOD, Ms. MOORE, Mr. MCCAUL, Mr. 
TRONE, Ms. CRAIG, Mr. ABRAHAM, and Mr. 
THOMPSON of Mississippi. 
H.R. 8667: Ms. FUDGE, Mr. LAWSON of Flor-
ida, Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, and Ms. 
WILSON of Florida. 
H.R. 8687: Mrs. DEMINGS, Mr. PRICE
of 
North 
Carolina, 
Mr. 
BLUMENAUER, 
Mr. 
TRONE, and Mrs. DINGELL. 
H.R. 8702: Mr. COSTA, Mr. KILMER, Mrs. 
DAVIS
of California, Mr. VELA, and Mr. 
DESAULNIER. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:09 Nov 25, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\L24NO7.001
H24NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 2-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6020 
November 24, 2020 
H.R. 8774: Mr. TRONE. 
H.R. 8782: Mr. VARGAS, Mr. RASKIN, Ms. 
JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. POCAN, Mr. RUPPERS-
BERGER, Ms. SPEIER, Ms. SCANLON, Mrs. LAW-
RENCE, 
Ms. 
ROYBAL-ALLARD, 
and 
Mr. 
MORELLE. 
H. Res. 1222: Mr. COSTA, Mr. FOSTER, Mr. 
HUFFMAN, Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York, and Mr. MEEKS. 
H. Res. 1230: Mr. CASTEN of Illinois, Mr. 
NEAL, Mrs. TRAHAN, Mr. TONKO, and Mr. 
CLAY. 
PETITIONS, ETC. 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, petitions 
and papers were laid on the clerk’s 
desk and referred as follows: 
PT–148. The SPEAKER presented a peti-
tion of the County Board of Supervisors, 
Chenango, NY, relative to Resolution No. 
166–20P, calling upon the President, U.S. 
Congress, U.S. Secretaries of Agriculture, 
Education and Health and Human Services, 
Governor, State Legislature, State Depart-
ments of Education and Agriculture, and 
such administrators to re-examine the Na-
tional School Lunch Program rules and 
Smart Snacks regulations regarding a la 
carte beverages, to allow Whole Milk as a 
beverage 
choice 
that 
supports 
health, 
growth, immune function and learning-readi-
ness while reducing waste; to the Committee 
on Education and Labor. 
PT–149. Also, a petition of the Board of Su-
pervisors of the City and County of San 
Francisco, CA, relative to Resolution No. 
453–20, urging the United States Congress to 
expeditiously pass Senate Bill No. 4258, the 
Save Our Stages Act, introduced by United 
States Senators JOHN CORNYN and AMY KLO-
BUCHAR, establishing a grant program and 
providing $10 billion in aid to small live 
venue operators; to the Committee on Small 
Business. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:09 Nov 25, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00004
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A24NO7.004
H24NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 3-
Congressional Record
U
N
U
M
E
P
LU
RI
B
U
S
United States
of America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 116th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.
S7093 
Vol. 166 
WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 2020 
No. 199 
Senate 
The Senate met at 12:15 and 2 seconds 
p.m. and was called to order by the 
Honorable BEN SASSE, a Senator from 
the State of Nebraska. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING 
PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE 
The 
PRESIDING 
OFFICER. 
The 
clerk will please read a communication 
to the Senate from the President pro 
tempore (Mr. GRASSLEY). 
The 
Senior 
Assistant 
Parliamen-
tarian read the following letter: 
U.S. SENATE, 
PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE, 
Washington, DC, November 24, 2020. 
To the Senate: 
Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, 
of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby 
appoint the Honorable BEN SASSE, a Senator 
from the State of Nebraska, to perform the 
duties of the Chair. 
CHUCK GRASSLEY, 
President pro tempore. 
Mr. SASSE thereupon assumed the 
Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL FRIDAY, 
NOVEMBER 27, 2020, AT 3:15 P.M. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Under the previous order, the 
Senate stands adjourned until 3:15 p.m. 
on Friday, November 27, 2020. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:15 and 33 
seconds p.m., adjourned until Friday, 
November 27, 2020, at 3:15 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
00:52 Nov 25, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A24NO6.000
S24NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 4-
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E1067 
November 24, 2020 
IN SUPPORT OF SCIENTIFIC IN-
TEGRITY AT THE DEPARTMENT 
OF THE INTERIOR 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Tuesday, November 24, 2020 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today with great concern. Even on their way 
out the door, the Trump administration’s ‘‘favor 
factory’’ at the Interior Department continues 
to try to deliver for well-connected interests. 
We have been conducting oversight over 
these efforts throughout this Congress, and I 
want to share with my colleagues just one of 
the documents we have been provided, which 
clearly outlines a political agenda overriding 
science, the law, and the public interest. I am 
hopeful that the courts and the incoming ad-
ministration will be able to reinstate scientific 
integrity to the policymaking process. 
UNITED
STATES
DEPARTMENT
OF 
COMMERCE, 
NATIONAL
OCEANIC 
AND
ATMOSPHERIC
ADMINISTRA-
TION, NATIONAL MARINE FISHERIES 
SERVICE, 
Sacramento, CA. 
Date: July 1, 2019 
Memorandum for: ROC LTO Consultation, 
ARN# 151422-WCR2016-SA00300 
From: Howard Brown 
Subject: Long-term Operation of the Central 
Valley Project and State Water Project: 
Consultation Process 
I am the Policy Advisor for the Reiniti-
ation of Consultation on the Long-term Op-
eration of the Central Valley Project and 
State Water Project. This memo is intended 
to capture, from my own professional per-
spective, elements of the consultation that 
were unusual in nature and that may have 
denigrated the scientific integrity of the En-
dangered Species Act (ESA) Section 7 proc-
ess. I have over 18 years working for NOAA 
Fisheries (NMFS) and have extensive experi-
ence writing and reviewing BOs, many of 
which were complicated and controversial. 
This consultation was not like any other 
that I have been involved. From the begin-
ning of this consultation it was clear to me 
that the pendulum was always going to 
swing in the favor of political decisions 
being made by the Department of Interior 
(DOI) at the expense of the ESA Section 7 
process and scientific integrity. 
General 
The timeline for the consultation was di-
rected by an October 19, 2018, Memorandum 
from the White House. The Memorandum di-
rected Reclamation to issue a final Biologi-
cal Assessment (BA) by January 31, 2018 and 
for NMFS to issue a final Biological Opinion 
‘‘BO’’ within 135 day of receiving this date. 
The timeline for completing this consulta-
tion was completely unrealistic, given the 
complexity of the action. From my perspec-
tive, the aggressive schedule was established 
to set us up for failure, or at the very least 
to make it difficult to incorporate the best 
available scientific information into the 
NMFS BO or for us to complete a credible, 
repeatable, defensible analysis. 
The lead Federal representative assigned 
to oversee the project seemed biased in the 
execution of his role and routinely favored 
the positions of the Bureau of Reclamation 
(Reclamation). This seemed unusual to me 
and I would have expected this representa-
tive to serve the role more independently. 
The representative repeatedly referred to 
Reclamation as ‘‘we’’ or ‘‘our’’, which indi-
cated to me that he was essentially serving 
as an extension of the agency. 
Development of the Biological Assessment 
NMFS was very engaged in the develop-
ment of the BA. Almost immediately after 
the October 19, 2018 Memorandum, we pro-
vided Reclamation with a proposed outline 
that would allow for ease-of-integration into 
the NMFS Biological Opinion BO, and we 
provided an annotated list of the recent 
science and biological models that we felt 
should be considered. We also participated in 
almost every ‘‘Tiger Team’’ meeting up until 
the lapse of Federal appropriations triggered 
a month long Federal furlough. Our mindset 
was to be cooperative and solution oriented 
and to provide technical and scientific sup-
port to Reclamation to help them develop 
and analyze a proposed action for the BA 
with the final objective of supporting a ‘‘no- 
jeopardy’’ BO. 
Soon after we shared the outline and list of 
science and models we were directed to stop 
sharing electric documents with Reclama-
tion. This made it very difficult to provide 
useful information in a timely manner, made 
it difficult to provide meaningful comments 
to Reclamation, made it difficult to share 
best available science to Reclamation. 
Reclamation used Google Drive as used as 
a platform for developing the BA. The U.S. 
Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS) had ac-
cess to the drive but not NMFS. We made 
multiple requests to be granted access and 
were told that it was a DOI technical issue 
that could not be resolved. We offered to help 
resolve the matter and our IT specialist con-
tacted Reclamation’s IT staff with emails 
and phone calls, but Reclamation never re-
sponded. The lack of access made it very dif-
ficult to keep up with the latest version of 
the BA. 
NMFS provided high-level comments on 
the first draft of the BA that we were able to 
review. We provided our comments verbally 
and left hard copies with Reclamation. De-
spite several requests for Reclamation to fol-
low-up on how they addressed our comments, 
we never received a response. 
We did begin providing comments to Rec-
lamation that we passed onto their staff 
using portable thumb drives. 
One of the comments that we made most 
often, was that the description of the pro-
posed action was ambiguous and would be 
difficult to analyze. This applied to their de-
scription of Core Water Operations, but also 
to their suite of conservation actions, that 
later became known as Collaborative Ac-
tions. We informed Reclamation that with-
out more details about how actions would be 
implemented, NMFS would have to apply 
conservative assumptions that would benefit 
the conservation of the species. I recall that 
we made this kind of statement multiple 
times but did not get much traction in terms 
of developing more specificity. 
NMFS made recommendations to use es-
tablished, peer reviewed biological models to 
support the analysis of the BA because we 
felt that the use of these models represented 
the application of best available science. DOI 
solicitors at the meeting questioned the use 
of a model represented best available science 
and Reclamation staff said told us that al-
though they did not disagree, they had been 
directed to not use biological modeling to 
support the analysis of the BA. From my 
view, this was one of the first attempts to in-
fluence the scientific integrity of the con-
sultation process. 
Reclamation developed a ‘‘without action’’ 
scenario for the Environmental Baseline of 
the BA, arguing that that in a consultation 
on an ongoing action, a without-action sce-
nario must be applied in order to isolate the 
effects of the action. The without-action sce-
nario entailed no future operations of the 
Central Valley Project and State Water 
Project: in other words, no discretionary reg-
ulation of flows through the system, includ-
ing, for example, storing and releasing water 
from reservoirs and delivering water other-
wise required by contract. We had significant 
concerns with this approach. The first was 
that this application is not consistent with 
the regulatory definition of Environmental 
Baseline; we argued that the analysis in the 
Environmental Baseline should be consistent 
with the regulatory definition. The second is 
that this scenario has no basis in reality and 
that it should not be applied because it only 
serves to confuse the analysis. Our third con-
cern was that we were not consulting on an 
ongoing operation; although many of the 
operational elements were similar, the ac-
tion was fundamentally different in that ex-
ports were proposed to increase significantly 
and many of the actions from the previous 
consultation, most notably the Reasonable 
and Prudent Alternative (RPA) from the 
NMFS BO were excluded from the action. 
Reclamation then carried this without ac-
tion scenario forward into their effects anal-
ysis as a ‘‘without action analysis’’ (WOA) 
and completed a wholly comparative anal-
ysis where the proposed action was compared 
against the WOA. This set up a fundamental 
flaw in the consultation because it made it 
appear that the effects of the action were 
better in comparison to the WOA. This flaw 
was not isolated only to the BA because Rec-
lamation and DOI spent much time and ef-
fort seeking to apply this approach to the 
NMFS BO. 
In contrast to the development of the 
NMFS BO, the process of developing the BA 
seemed to have very little oversight from the 
lead Federal representative even though the 
NMFS team was routinely briefing and ele-
vating areas of serious concern. Although we 
routinely elevated areas of concern there did 
not seem to be much effort to address our 
concerns. In fact, we were routinely told 
that although our elevated concerns were le-
gitimate, there was simply not enough time 
to address them in the BA and that we would 
have to work through them during the draft-
ing of the BO. This created another funda-
mental flaw in the process because rather 
than cooperating to make adjustments to 
the proposed action, we were forced to ana-
lyze ambiguous action descriptions that had 
very little detail or analyze actions that had 
seemingly significant effects. This placed un-
reasonable burden on NMFS during the 
drafting of the BO. 
Development of the Biological Opinion 
NMFS received the first ‘‘Final’’ BA on 
January 21, 2018. We immediately started our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:23 Nov 25, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A24NO8.001
E24NOPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 5-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E1068 
November 24, 2020 
review. Within hours we were told by Rec-
lamation to stop our review until they had a 
chance to make some changes. 
On February 5, 2019, Reclamation sub-
mitted a second ‘‘Final’’ BA and NMFS con-
tinued to review the document. We spent the 
next several weeks carefully reviewing the 
proposed action and analysis and quickly de-
termined that we did not have sufficient in-
formation to initiate ESA Section 7 con-
sultation. Under any other circumstance, we 
would have notified the lead Federal action 
agency that the BA did not meet the min-
imum standards for initiating consultation 
and we would not have initiated the con-
sultation. Most significantly, the BA did not 
have a clear description of the action to be 
covered. 
After completing our review if the BA, 
NMFS spent approximately two weeks in 
focus-group meetings with Reclamation try-
ing to get a better understanding of the pro-
posed action. My sense is that the meetings 
were helpful but that staff still felt that they 
were managing a lot of ambiguity. 
NMFS also began to take on the biological 
modeling that we had recommended for the 
BA. Reclamation was supportive of this ef-
fort and made their consulting teams avail-
able to help with modeling runs. We also had 
to find funds to support the NMFS South-
west Fisheries Science Center to conduct a 
run of the Winter-run Life Cycle Model. We 
felt that the results of these modeling efforts 
were critical to our mandate to apply the 
best available scientific information to the 
BO. Taking on these modeling commitments 
was a significant task and took away staff 
time from actually drafting the BO. 
In April, Reclamation issued a third 
‘‘Final’’ BA and our staff spent a consider-
able amount of time understanding the 
changes and incorporating them into the BO. 
In late April, DOI started to insist that we 
share the draft BO much sooner that we had 
planned. Our original plan had a joint Rec-
lamation, WIIN Act Public Water Agency 
and Independent Peer Review scheduled for 
late May. We were directed by the lead Fed-
eral representative to start sharing the 
drafts sections of the BO, while the sections 
were very much in the early drafting stage. 
This initiated a sequence of events and meet-
ings that consumed much of our available 
time and were almost impossible for our 
drafting team to recovery from. 
During the first wave of reviews we re-
ceived over 500 comments on the Shasta sec-
tion, nearly 190 comments on the Delta and 
hundreds of comments on other sections. We 
were directed into all-day Tiger Team meet-
ings and Director meetings to clarify the 
characterization of the proposed action and 
to scrutinize our effects analysis. The lead 
Federal representative routinely made state-
ments that our effects analysis was ‘‘an ex-
treme worse-case scenario’’ and that it was 
hard to understand how we were having trou-
ble with the 4-tiered Shasta Cold Water Tem-
perature Management Plan when ‘‘at the end 
of the day we have a much bigger cold water 
pool and that should only help us’’. These 
statements were not helpful and only added 
to the confusion and emerging divide be-
tween NMFS and Reclamation. 
Although the staff-level Tiger Team meet-
ings were costly in terms of time and staff 
resources they were important because once 
we were able to focus on the priority com-
ments, we took the time to get into details 
of the proposed action and effects at a level 
that we were not able to during the focus 
group sessions. These working sessions im-
proved the quality of the BO. During these 
meetings, I reflected that this is exactly how 
the Section 7 consultation process should 
work, but unfortunately, the time con-
straints did not allow for this deliberation 
between agencies to run a more natural 
course. 
These meetings were followed by a series of 
Director-level elevations to resolve matters 
related to the NMFS analysis of effects on 
Shasta temperature management and juve-
nile fish loss at the export facilities. We 
agreed to a general course of action to de-
velop management objectives for Shasta 
temperatures and loss at the export facili-
ties. Accomplishing this task would take 
time and a two week extension was granted 
to the consultation period to allow us to 
work through this and to ‘‘clean up the anal-
ysis’’. The final BO would now be due on July 
1, 2019. 
As we moved toward WIIN Act Public 
Water Agency and Independent Scientific 
Peer Review, DOI’s concern with our anal-
ysis began to breach the scientific integrity 
of the process. Most significant was, what I 
believe was a political decision to extract 
our ‘‘Integration and Synthesis’’ section 
from the Effects Analysis for the review. The 
Integration and Synthesis section is, per-
haps, the most important part of any BO, be-
cause it is in this section that our ‘‘jeopardy 
analysis’’ occurs; where we actually com-
plete the aggregate analysis that supports 
our conclusion. The direction to extract this 
section 
from 
review, 
particularly 
Inde-
pendent Scientific Peer Review, seemed com-
pletely contradictory to the NOAA policy on 
scientific integrity from NOAA Administra-
tive Order 202–735D: Scientific Integrity. 
This order was issued to promote a culture of 
scientific integrity and excellence and estab-
lishes an understanding that there must be a 
commitment between scientists, managers 
and those who set policy to follow a code of 
scientific conduct and ethics. I feel that in 
being directed to extract this section was in 
direct conflict with the goals of the policy. 
On June 14, 2019, Reclamation issued a re-
vision to the proposed action. NMFS had to 
review the revision and incorporate the 
changes into the analysis of the BO. Due to 
time 
constraints, 
we 
accomplished 
this 
through supplemental analyses that were es-
sentially tagged on to the end of the Shasta 
and Delta analyses. This was not ideal, and 
from my perspective, did not meet Reclama-
tion’s satisfaction, but it was the best we 
could do given time constraints. 
Although we spent quite a bit of time 
working directly with Reclamation to accu-
rately characterize the proposed action and 
we spent more time independently working 
on the effects analysis. A second review of 
the draft BO signaled to DOI that they were 
still not pleased with the way or effects anal-
ysis was reading. Based on this a second ex-
tension to the consultation is currently 
being considered. 
Ultimately, the NMFS Central Valley Of-
fice completed a draft BO that we sent to 
Barry Thom, the WCR Regional Adminis-
trator, on July 1, 2019. I believe that, consid-
ering the time constraints and the complex-
ities of this consultation, that this BO does 
a good job of analyzing the effects of Rec-
lamation’s proposed action and that the 
draft conclusion of the BO is sound and sup-
ported by the best available science. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Tuesday, November 24, 2020 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Madam Speaker, I 
was unable to be present for recorded votes 
on November 20, 2020, for a recorded vote on 
Amendment No. 9 and Amendment No. 15 to 
H.R. 8294 and final passage of H.R. 8294, the 
National Apprenticeship Act. Had I been 
present, I would have voted NAY on Roll Call 
No. 225, YEA on Roll Call No. 226, and NAY 
on Roll Call No. 227. 
f 
REMEMBERING PEGGY FULTON 
HORA 
HON. ERIC SWALWELL 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Tuesday, November 24, 2020 
Mr. 
SWALWELL 
of 
California. 
Madam 
Speaker, I rise to recognize the life of retired 
California Superior Court Judge, Peggy Fulton 
Hora, who passed away on October 31, 2020. 
Born in Oakland and educated in Castro 
Valley, Hayward, and San Francisco, Peggy 
was a true Bay Area native. She understood 
our community and would devote her life to 
helping others within it. Right from the begin-
ning of her legal career, she committed herself 
to service by joining the Legal Aid Society of 
Alameda County, much of which, I represent 
in Congress. 
In a spirit I certainly understand, Peggy, in 
1984, decided to make a long-shot run for a 
judgeship. Her opponents underestimated her, 
then found themselves referring to her by her 
new title, Judge Hora. 
Judge Hora could have gone to work each 
morning, completed the criminal dockets in 
front of her, then returned home in the 
evening and been a successful member of the 
bench. But, as you might imagine, this was 
not how Judge Hora operated. She saw the 
same defendants in her courtroom repeatedly 
and thought that there must be a better way. 
She sought a way to disrupt the criminal jus-
tice cycle that she found herself participating 
in. She turned to a deep and personal love of 
hers for the solution, reading and studying. 
She studied brain science, chemical depend-
ence, and addiction. She took this new under-
standing and helped innovate our justice sys-
tem by helping to establish a new drug treat-
ment court movement with the intention of 
being therapeutic and rehabilitating instead of 
having a primary focus on punishment. 
Judge Hora served on the trial bench in Ala-
meda County for over 20 years. She would go 
on to share her knowledge as the dean of the 
B.E. Witkin Judicial College of California, and 
a 15-year faculty member of the National Judi-
cial College. Judge Hora was the 2004 recipi-
ent of the Bernard S. Jefferson Judicial Edu-
cation Award from the California Judge’s As-
sociation and a 2008 inductee to the Alameda 
County Women’s Hall of Fame. In 2015, 
Judge Hora, with two colleagues, founded the 
Justice Speakers Institute and became even 
more widely recognized as an authority on jus-
tice systems and their administration world-
wide. 
In her personal life, Judge Hora was a vora-
cious reader and traveler. She also enjoyed 
the symphony, ballets, and both preparing and 
enjoying fine dining. Her passing was unex-
pected, and she will be dearly missed by the 
loving family she left behind. She was pre-
deceased by her son Tim Spangler; but her 
son Erik and his wife Linda, her son Paul and 
his wife Jamie; and her eight grandchildren, 
Dillon, Kyle, Madison, Nathan, Kevin, Emily, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:23 Nov 25, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A24NO8.002
E24NOPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 6-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E1069 
November 24, 2020 
Tommy, and Joseph will no doubt share fond 
memories of their ‘‘Venture Grandma’’ for dec-
ades to come. Our community is a better 
place because of her efforts and my heart is 
with her family as they navigate the days 
ahead. 
f 
GIVING THANKS FOR FOOD BANKS 
HON. ELISSA SLOTKIN 
OF MICHIGAN 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Tuesday, November 24, 2020 
Ms. SLOTKIN. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today, like so many of my colleagues this 
week, to give thanks. 
As winter approaches, coronavirus cases 
are skyrocketing. Hospitals are at or near ca-
pacity, and more than 250,000 Americans 
have died. Thanksgiving this year looks dif-
ferent; it’s smaller or even virtual, as folks 
heed public health guidance to stay home and 
prevent the spread. 
In the midst of this pandemic, families 
across the country and across Michigan are 
hurting—and to meet their needs, our local or-
ganizations are stepping up. Today, I rise to 
honor and express gratitude for the invaluable 
service these organizations provide to our 
community. 
In Ingham County, the Holt Community 
Food Bank has been giving back for more 
than 20 years. What began as a repository of 
a few bags of non-perishable food ‘‘just in 
case’’ someone needed help has grown into 
an operation that serves more than 150 fami-
lies each month. 
In Livingston County, Torch 180 purchased 
the old Fowlerville library in order to turn it into 
Michigan’s first restaurant and coffee shop 
staffed entirely by adults with disabilities. 
When COVID hit, they quickly shifted gears— 
using the space to serve meals and distribute 
groceries to anyone in need. 
When a woman on Supplemental Security 
Income called my office in a panic because 
she hadn’t received her stimulus check, Torch 
180 brought her a week’s worth of groceries. 
They made sure she was okay, and then 
came back to the motel where she was stay-
ing to provide meals for other residents as 
well. 
And in Oakland County, the Rochester Area 
Neighborhood House offers wrap-around serv-
ices for those who are struggling with housing, 
transportation, employment and more. Its food 
pantry has given out more than 125,000 meals 
to area residents since the pandemic started 
and it shows no signs of stopping. 
These are just a few of the unsung heroes 
in our district, exhibiting extraordinary kind-
ness and dedication to supporting their fellow 
Americans in a time of great need. 
To the individuals who work tirelessly every 
day to serve others, may you know that this 
Thanksgiving, a grateful nation is thinking of 
you. 
TRIBUTE TO DURHAM COUNTY 
COMMISSIONER ELLEN RECKHOW 
HON. DAVID E. PRICE 
OF NORTH CAROLINA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Tuesday, November 24, 2020 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Madam 
Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ellen 
Reckhow, Durham County Commissioner, who 
is retiring this year after over 30 years of dis-
tinguished service. Ellen was first elected to 
the Durham County Board of Commissioners 
in 1988. She served as Board Chairman from 
2002 to 2008 and as Vice Chairman during 
two additional periods. My own term of service 
is largely coextensive with hers, which has 
made me fully appreciative of Ellen’s impact 
on the county and our region and grateful for 
the many ways we have found to collaborate. 
Commissioner Reckhow’s tenure on the 
Durham County Board of Commissioners has 
been marked by immense transformation in 
Durham, challenging her and the Board to bal-
ance growth with the needs of existing resi-
dents and a diverse community. Early in her 
tenure, the Board led in the merger of the city 
and county school systems, to address finan-
cial inequities and equalize opportunities for all 
the county’s children. Ellen takes special pride 
in her role as a founder of the East Durham 
Children’s Initiative: ‘‘Helping all our children 
succeed in life is a passion for me,’’ she re-
cently affirmed. 
As 
a 
Board 
member, 
Commissioner 
Reckhow championed public-private partner-
ships, exemplified by the development of the 
Treyburn Corporate Park and Research Tri-
angle Park, which have attracted business op-
portunities and economic growth across the 
region. She also worked with counterparts in 
neighboring counties to establish the Triangle 
Transit Authority, now GoTriangle, a bedrock 
of the region’s transit operations, as well as of 
planning for the future. During Durham’s sig-
nificant economic transformation, Commis-
sioner Reckhow has remained steadfast in her 
dedication to expanding opportunity and im-
proving the wellbeing of her entire community. 
She has prioritized environmental protections 
and access to education, including funding for 
Pre-K expansion and scholarships to Durham 
Technical Community College for every high 
school graduate in Durham County. 
Ellen has offered leadership to local gov-
erning boards ranging from the Carolina The-
atre to the Lincoln Community Health Center. 
She has worked for years with our regional 
Metropolitan Planning Organization and has 
taken important assignments with the North 
Carolina and national associations of county 
governments. She has received numerous ac-
colades for her dedication to public service, in-
cluding the Goodmon Award for Exemplary 
Regional Leadership by an Elected Official, 
the North Carolina Planning Association’s 
Elected Official of the Year, the Sierra Club 
Environmental Leadership Award, and the 
Partnership for Children Champion for Chil-
dren Award. 
While Commissioner Reckhow may be retir-
ing from public service, I know she will remain 
engaged in strengthening and improving our 
Durham community. She has said as much, 
and I take her at her word. She and I have al-
ways had ideas to share and mutual support 
to offer, particularly in the areas of transpor-
tation and housing, and I am counting on that 
continuing. In the meantime, Madam Speaker, 
I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing 
Commissioner Ellen Reckhow for her long 
service on the Durham County Board of Com-
missioners and her tireless dedication to chil-
dren and families across Durham and North 
Carolina. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF RAYMOND DENNY 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Tuesday, November 24, 2020 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Madam 
Speaker, I would like to include in the RECORD 
the following obituary for distinguished South 
Carolinian, Raymond A. Denny, Jr.: 
Raymond Denny, former sales executive in 
the electronics industry, passed away Octo-
ber 26 in Greenville. Born in New York City 
September 18, 1930, he was the son of Ray-
mond and Hazel Ladner Denny. He graduated 
from Iona College, where he was a member of 
the 1954 championship debating team and 
President of the Young Republicans of NY. 
He developed his business career with 
Union Carbide as sales manager for con-
sumer products. His position as the first 
sales manager of Kemet Electronics brought 
him from Ohio to Greenville, later declaring 
he did not plan to live anywhere else. He 
later founded Electronic Marketing Associ-
ates, a successful electronics sales firm cov-
ering the south. 
He was a lifelong member of Toastmasters, 
the English Speaking Union; and a member 
of the Furman University Learning in Re-
tirement program, lecturing on cathedral 
history and the origins of Christianity in 
England. He was a member of First Pres-
byterian Church of Greenville. He is survived 
by his wife of 64 years, Peggy; sons Robert of 
Raleigh and Tony (Beverly) of Columbia; and 
grandchildren Leah Grace and Marshall 
Denny. 
f 
HONORING MAYOR PRO TEM 
THOMAS HAUGHEY 
HON. NORMA J. TORRES 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Tuesday, November 24, 2020 
Mrs. TORRES of California. Madam Speak-
er, I rise today to honor Thomas Haughey and 
his countless years of dedication to the Inland 
Empire on the occasion of his retirement from 
the Chino City Council and his position as 
Mayor Pro Tem. 
Tom served as Mayor Pro Tem of Chino 
and, since 2001, as a member of the Chino 
City Council, where he participated on the 
Economic Development Committee and as 
Vice Chairperson of the Public Financing Au-
thority. He also served on the Chino Planning 
Commission in 2001. Tom represented Chino 
across several critical boards to the commu-
nity, including the Chino Basin Desalter Au-
thority, Ontario International Airport Inter-
Agency Collaborative, and as an alternate on 
the San Bernardino County Transportation Au-
thority. A major win for the region, Tom cham-
pioned the multimillion-dollar Pine Avenue 
Project, which will offset traffic congestion on 
the major freeway, Highway 71, and improve 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:23 Nov 25, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A24NO8.004
E24NOPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 7-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E1070 
November 24, 2020 
Chino’s commuter access to the Inland Em-
pire. 
Tom is committed to the service of others. 
He is a Charter Member of the Rancho del 
Chino Rotary Club, an organization dedicated 
to service, and has held many offices in the 
club, including President from 1993 to 1994. 
He began the Interact Club at Don Lugo High 
School in 1996, a Rotary International-spon-
sored high school service club, and served as 
its advisor for twelve years. In 1998, the Ro-
tary Club recognized Tom’s distinguished 
service with the Rotarian of the Year Award. 
Throughout the years, Tom has been ex-
ceptionally active throughout the Chino com-
munity. He has supported young people for 
many years as a Board Member of The Chino 
Valley YMCA, where he served as Vice-Chair 
of the Board and Chairman of the Chino Val-
ley YMCA’s Annual Sustaining Campaign. He 
was Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the 
Chino Valley Medical Center’s Hospital Advi-
sory Board and Chino’s Chair for the 2015 
Special Olympics. He was also a member of 
the Chino Valley Unified School District’s Bond 
Steering Committee and the Substandard 
Housing Appeals Board. From his many lead-
ership roles across several boards and all his 
service in between, the list of Tom’s contribu-
tions to Chino is endless. 
Tom moved to Chino in 1977, and is the 
owner of Haughey Insurance Agency, which 
has been in Chino since 1980. He is a dedi-
cated husband to his wife, Karen, and father 
to two sons, Christopher, 40, and Patrick, 36. 
In his spare time, Tom is a Civil War enthu-
siast and collects Civil War memorabilia, lec-
tures on Civil War history, and campaigns to 
preserve Civil War battlefields as a devoted 
member of the Sons of the Union Veterans of 
the Civil War. 
For his leadership over the decades, we 
honor Thomas Haughey and thank him for his 
unyielding commitment and service to the 
Chino community. 
f 
AFRICAN AMERICAN HEALTHCARE 
LEADER 
CELEBRATES 
90TH 
BIRTHDAY 
HON. KAREN BASS 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Tuesday, November 24, 2020 
Ms. BASS. Madam Speaker, I am pleased 
to recognize an African-American physician, 
teacher and entrepreneur, who has made sig-
nificant contributions to my district and to the 
city and county of Los Angeles. For over 60 
years, this man has worked to improve 
healthcare, especially for minority residents, 
throughout Greater Los Angeles. 
Dr. Ludlow B. Creary earned his MD from 
Howard University after completing a chem-
istry degree at Long Island University, Brook-
lyn. He later earned a Master of Public Health 
from the University of California, Los Angeles 
(UCLA), where he would eventually serve as 
adjunct professor from 1986 to 1998. 
Early in his career, however, he saw a need 
too big to fill with his private practice and 
evolved to spearhead the opening of the his-
toric West Adams Hospital. He went on to 
serve on staff at Daniel Freeman Memorial 
Hospital, 
Los 
Angeles 
Doctors 
Hospital, 
Broadway Hospital, and rose to serve as Pro-
fessor and Chair of the Department of Family 
Medicine within the MLK, Jr. Hospital— 
Charles R. Drew Medical Center for more than 
two decades. He was also involved in the cre-
ation of the Martin Luther King, Jr. Community 
Hospital. 
Upon retirement, Dr. Creary turned to meet-
ing the needs of the elderly by serving as 
Medical Director and Owner of Visiting Angels 
in Los Angeles, which provides elder care and 
in-home care services. 
A theme for his life’s work might be ‘‘see a 
need, fill a need.’’ From meeting gaps in care 
by building new facilities; to developing train-
ing opportunities for aspiring health profes-
sionals; to advising on culturally-appropriate 
care for minorities; to serving seniors and oth-
ers at home, he has worked to set up, 
strengthen and expand structures to meet the 
needs of African Americans and all vulnerable 
populations in our hodge-podge healthcare 
system. 
Dr. Creary’s many honors include the Distin-
guished Physician Award from the Minority 
Health Institute, the Lifetime Achievement 
Award from the Special Needs Network, and 
the Distinguished Service Award from the Na-
tional Medical Association. 
In addition to six decades dedicated to im-
proving healthcare and health outcomes for 
the most vulnerable, I want to express my 
gratitude for his remarkable family, who have 
been deeply important to me over the years. 
Happy 90th birthday, Dr. Creary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
00:38 Nov 25, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00004
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A24NO8.008
E24NOPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 8-
D1015 
Tuesday, November 24, 2020 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate met at 12:15:02 p.m. in pro forma 
session, and adjourned at 12:15:33 p.m. until 3:15 
p.m., on Friday, November 27, 2020. 
Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 19 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 8807–8820; and 5 resolutions, H. 
Res. 1236–1240, were introduced.                   Page H6018 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H6019–20 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein she 
appointed Representative Wexton to act as Speaker 
pro tempore for today.                                            Page H6017 
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no yea-and-nay 
votes, and there were no recorded votes. There were 
no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 10:02 a.m. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, 
NOVEMBER 27, 2020 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. 
House 
No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:28 Nov 25, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D24NO0.REC
D24NOPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 9-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional Record
The Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each House
of Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, United
States Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶ Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶ To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO
63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶ Following
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶ With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record.
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.
U
N
U
M
E
P
LU
RI
B
U
S
D1016 
November 24, 2020 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
3:15 p.m., Friday, November 27 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Friday: Senate will meet in a pro forma 
session. 
Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
1 p.m., Friday, November 27 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: House will meet in Pro Forma ses-
sion at 1 p.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Bass, Karen, Calif., E1070 
Huffman, Jared, Calif., E1067 
Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E1068 
Price, David E., N.C., E1069 
Slotkin, Elissa, Mich., E1069 
Swalwell, Eric, Calif., E1068 
Torres, Norma J., Calif., E1069 
Wilson, Joe, S.C., E1069 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:28 Nov 25, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 0664
Sfmt 0664
E:\CR\FM\D24NO0.REC
D24NOPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 10-
