Congressional Record
U
N
U
M
E
P
LU
RI
B
U
S
United States
of America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 117th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
b This symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b 1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.
H517 
Vol. 167 
WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 2021 
No. 31 
Senate 
The Senate was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Friday, February 19, 2021, at 10:15 a.m. 
House of Representatives 
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 2021 
The House met at 12:30 p.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Reverend Margaret 
Grun Kibben, offered the following 
prayer: 
God, You thunder wondrously with Your 
voice; 
You do great things that we cannot com-
prehend. 
To the snow You say, ‘‘Fall on the Earth’’; 
and the heavy shower of rain, 
serves as a sign on everyone’s hand, 
so that all whom You have made may know 
it. 
Almighty God, when we look at the 
dramatic displays of nature across our 
country this week, we are left with no 
question of Your power. In awe of Your 
majesty, we pray that You are sending 
these torrents not as a sign of Your 
judgment but as a clear demonstration 
of Your dominion over all creation. 
May we humble ourselves to Your au-
thority. 
Recognizing the season of repentance 
in the Christian calendar, it behooves 
all of us to return to faith especially 
during these times requiring great en-
durance, in afflictions, hardships, and 
calamities. We yield ourselves to Your 
mercy this day. 
We pray in the strength of Your holy 
name. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. Pursuant to section 
5(a)(1)(A) of House Resolution 8, the 
Journal of the last day’s proceedings is 
approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will lead 
the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
The SPEAKER led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-
lic for which it stands, one nation under God, 
indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER laid before the House 
the following communication from the 
Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK, 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
Washington, DC, February 16, 2021. 
Hon. NANCY PELOSI, 
Speaker, House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR MADAM SPEAKER: Pursuant to the 
permission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II 
of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-
tives, the Clerk received the following mes-
sage from the Secretary of the Senate on 
February 16, 2021, at 10:24 a.m.: 
Judgement of the Senate in the case of 
Donald John Trump. 
With best wishes, I am, 
Sincerely, 
CHERYL L. JOHNSON, 
Clerk. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER laid before the House 
the following communication from the 
Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK, 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
Washington, DC, February 16, 2021. 
Hon. NANCY PELOSI, 
Speaker, House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR MADAM SPEAKER: Pursuant to the 
permission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II 
of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-
tives, the Clerk received the following mes-
sage from the Secretary of the Senate on 
February 16, 2021, at 10:24 a.m.: 
That the Senate passed S. 35. 
Appointments: 
Senator from Ohio (Mr. PORTMAN) to read 
Washington’s Farewell Address. 
Commission on the Naming of Items of the 
Department of Defense that Commemorate 
the Confederate States of America or Any 
Person Who Served Voluntarily with Confed-
erate States of America. 
With best wishes, I am, 
Sincerely, 
CHERYL L. JOHNSON, 
Clerk. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBERS TO 
JOINT ECONOMIC COMMITTEE 
The SPEAKER. The Chair announces 
her appointment, pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 
1024(a), and the order of the House of 
January 4, 2021, of the following Mem-
bers on the part of the House to the 
Joint Economic Committee: 
Mr. BEYER, Virginia 
Mr. SCHWEIKERT, Arizona 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBERS TO 
CONGRESSIONAL-EXECUTIVE 
COMMISSION ON THE PEOPLE’S 
REPUBLIC OF CHINA 
The SPEAKER. The Chair announces 
her appointment, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:33 Feb 19, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A18FE7.000
H18FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 0-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H518 
February 18, 2021 
6913, and the order of the House of Jan-
uary 4, 2021, of the following Members 
on the part of the House to the Con-
gressional-Executive Commission on 
the People’s Republic of China: 
Mr. MCGOVERN, Massachusetts, Co- 
chair 
Mr. SMITH, New Jersey 
f 
REAPPOINTMENT OF MEMBER TO 
SERVE 
AS 
CO-CHAIR 
OF 
THE 
TOM 
LANTOS 
HUMAN 
RIGHTS 
COMMISSION 
The SPEAKER. The Chair announces 
her reappointment, pursuant to section 
4(b) of House Resolution 8, 117th Con-
gress, and the order of the House of 
January 4, 2021, of the following Mem-
ber to serve as co-chair of the Tom 
Lantos Human Rights Commission: 
Mr. MCGOVERN, Massachusetts 
f 
PUBLICATION OF COMMITTEE 
RULES 
RULES OF THE COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES 
FOR THE 117TH CONGRESS 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
Washington, DC, February 18, 2021. 
Hon. NANCY PELOSI, 
Speaker, House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR MADAM SPEAKER: Pursuant to clause 
2(a)(2) of House rule XI, the Committee on 
Armed Services adopted its rules for the 
117th Congress on February 3, 2021, and I sub-
mit them now for publication in the Congres-
sional Record. 
Sincerely, 
ADAM SMITH, 
Chairman. 
RULE 1. GENERAL PROVISIONS 
(a) The Rules of the House of Representa-
tives are the rules of the Committee on 
Armed Services (hereinafter referred to in 
these rules as the ‘‘Committee’’) and its sub-
committees so far as applicable. 
(b) Pursuant to clause 2(a)(2) of rule XI of 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, 
the Committee’s rules shall be publicly 
available in electronic form and published in 
the Congressional Record not later than 60 
days after the chair of the committee is 
elected in each odd-numbered year. 
RULE 2. FULL COMMITTEE MEETING DATE 
(a) The Committee shall meet every 
Wednesday at 10:00 a.m., when the House of 
Representatives is in session, and at such 
other times as may be fixed by the Chair of 
the Committee (hereinafter referred to as 
the ‘‘Chair’’), or by written request of mem-
bers of the Committee pursuant to clause 
2(c) of rule XI of the Rules of the House of 
Representatives. 
(b) A Wednesday meeting of the Committee 
may be dispensed with by the Chair, but such 
action may be reversed by a written request 
of a majority of the members of the Com-
mittee. 
RULE 3. SUBCOMMITTEE MEETING DATES 
Each subcommittee is authorized to meet, 
hold hearings, receive evidence, and report 
to the Committee on all matters referred to 
it. Insofar as possible, meetings of the Com-
mittee and its subcommittees shall not con-
flict. A subcommittee Chair shall set meet-
ing dates after consultation with the Chair, 
other subcommittee chairs, and the ranking 
minority member of the subcommittee with 
a view toward avoiding, whenever possible, 
simultaneous scheduling of Committee and 
subcommittee meetings or hearings. 
RULE 4. JURISDICTION AND MEMBERSHIP OF 
COMMITTEE AND SUBCOMMITTEES 
(a) Jurisdiction 
(1) The Committee retains jurisdiction of 
all subjects listed in clause 1(c) and clause 
3(b) of rule X of the Rules of the House of 
Representatives and retains exclusive juris-
diction for: defense policy generally, ongoing 
military operations, the organization and re-
form of the Department of Defense and the 
Department of Energy, counter-drug pro-
grams, security cooperation and humani-
tarian assistance activities (except special 
operations-related activities) of the Depart-
ment of Defense, acquisition and industrial 
base policy, technology transfer and export 
controls, joint interoperability, detainee af-
fairs and policy, force protection policy, and 
inter-agency reform as it pertains to the De-
partment of Defense and the nuclear weap-
ons programs of the Department of Energy. 
While subcommittees are provided jurisdic-
tional responsibilities in subparagraph (a)(2) 
and are required to conduct oversight in 
their respective jurisdictions, pursuant to 
clause 2(b)(2) of rule X of the Rules of the 
House of Representatives, the Committee re-
tains the right to exercise oversight and leg-
islative jurisdiction over all subjects within 
its purview under rule X of the Rules of the 
House of Representatives. 
(2) The Committee shall be organized to 
consist of seven standing subcommittees 
with the following jurisdictions: 
Subcommittee on Tactical Air and Land 
Forces: Army programs and accounts related 
to aircraft, ground equipment, missiles, am-
munition, and other procurement; Marine 
Corps programs and accounts related to 
ground and amphibious equipment, fighter 
aircraft, helicopters, air-launched weapons, 
and ammunition; Air Force programs and ac-
counts related to fighter, training, recon-
naissance and surveillance, and electronic 
warfare aircraft, helicopters, air-launched 
weapons, ground equipment, and ammuni-
tion; Navy programs and accounts related to 
fighter, training, and electronic warfare air-
craft, helicopters, and air-launched weapons; 
tactical air and missile defense programs 
and accounts; chemical agent and munition 
destruction programs and accounts; and Na-
tional Guard and Reserve equipment pro-
grams and accounts. 
Subcommittee on Military Personnel: De-
partment of Defense policy and programs 
and accounts related to military personnel 
and their families, Reserve Component inte-
gration and employment, military health 
care, military education, dependent schools, 
POW/MIA issues, Morale, Welfare and Recre-
ation, commissaries, cemeteries under the 
jurisdiction of the Department of Defense, 
the Uniform Code of Military Justice, and 
military retirement issues. 
Subcommittee on Readiness: Department 
of Defense policy and programs and accounts 
related to military readiness, training, logis-
tics and maintenance, military construction, 
organic industrial base, the civilian and con-
tract workforce, environment, military in-
stallations and real property management, 
family housing, base realignments and clo-
sures, and energy. 
Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection 
Forces: Navy and Marine Corps acquisition 
programs and accounts related to ship-
building and conversion, reconnaissance and 
surveillance, tanker, and airlift aircraft, 
ship and submarine-launched weapons, am-
munition, and other procurements; Air Force 
programs and accounts related to bomber, 
tanker, and airlift aircraft; Army programs 
and accounts related to waterborne vessels; 
and Maritime policy and programs and ac-
counts under the jurisdiction of the Com-
mittee as delineated in paragraphs 5 and 9 of 
clause 1(c) of rule X of the Rules of the 
House of Representatives. 
Subcommittee on Strategic Forces: De-
partment of Defense and Department of En-
ergy policy related to strategic deterrence, 
strategic stability, nuclear weapons, stra-
tegic and nuclear arms control, non-pro-
liferation, nuclear safety, missile defense, 
and space; Department of Defense programs 
and accounts related to nuclear weapons, 
strategic missiles, nuclear command and 
control systems, Department of Defense in-
telligence space, space systems and services 
of the military departments, and inter-
mediate and long-range missile defense sys-
tems; and Department of Energy national se-
curity programs and accounts. 
Subcommittee on Intelligence and Special 
Operations: Department of Defense policy 
and programs and accounts related to mili-
tary 
intelligence, 
national 
intelligence, 
countering weapons of mass destruction, 
counter-proliferation, 
counter-terrorism, 
other sensitive military operations, and spe-
cial operations forces. 
Subcommittee on Cyber, Innovative Tech-
nologies, and Information Systems: Depart-
ment of Defense policy related to the acqui-
sition of computer software, the electro-
magnetic spectrum, and electromagnetic 
warfare; and Department of Defense policy 
and programs and accounts related to artifi-
cial intelligence, cyber security, cyber oper-
ations, cyber forces, information technology, 
information operations, and science and 
technology (including defense-wide programs 
and accounts related to research, develop-
ment, testing, and evaluation, except for 
those defense-wide programs and accounts 
related to research, development, testing, 
and evaluation of missile defense systems). 
(3) Definitions—For the purposes of sub-
paragraph (a)(2): 
(A) The phrase ‘‘programs and accounts’’ 
means acquisition and modernization pro-
grams, sustainment planning during pro-
gram development, and related funding lines 
for procurement, advanced development, ad-
vanced component development and proto-
types, systems development, sustainment 
planning, and demonstration. 
(B) The term ‘‘policy’’ means statutes, reg-
ulations, directives, and other institutional 
guidance. 
(C) The phrase ‘‘science and technology’’ 
means science and technology programs and 
related funding lines for basic research, ap-
plied research, and non-acquisition program 
advanced development. 
(b) Membership of the Subcommittees 
(1) Subcommittee memberships shall be 
filled in accordance with the rules of the ma-
jority party’s caucus and the minority par-
ty’s conference, respectively. 
(2) The Chair of the Committee and the 
Ranking Minority Member thereof (herein-
after referred to as the ‘‘Ranking Minority 
Member’’) may sit as ex officio members of 
all subcommittees. Ex officio members shall 
not vote in subcommittee hearings or meet-
ings or be taken into consideration for the 
purpose of determining the ratio of the sub-
committees or establishing a quorum at sub-
committee hearings or meetings. 
(3) A member of the Committee who is not 
a member of a particular subcommittee may 
sit with the subcommittee and participate 
during any of its hearings but shall not have 
authority to vote, cannot be counted for the 
purpose of achieving a quorum, and cannot 
raise a point of order at the hearing. 
RULE 5. COMMITTEE PANELS AND TASK FORCES 
(a) Committee Panels 
(1) The Chair may designate a panel of the 
Committee consisting of members of the 
Committee to inquire into and take testi-
mony on a matter or matters that fall with-
in the jurisdiction of more than one sub-
committee and to report to the Committee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:33 Feb 19, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K18FE7.003
H18FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 1-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H519 
February 18, 2021 
(2) No panel appointed by the Chair shall 
continue in existence for more than six 
months after the appointment. A panel so 
appointed may, upon the expiration of six 
months, be reappointed by the Chair for a pe-
riod of time which is not to exceed six 
months. 
(3) Consistent with the party ratios estab-
lished by the majority party, all majority 
members of the panels shall be appointed by 
the Chair, and all minority members shall be 
appointed by the Ranking Minority Member. 
The Chair shall choose one of the majority 
members so appointed who does not cur-
rently chair another subcommittee of the 
Committee to serve as Chair of the panel. 
The Ranking Minority Member shall simi-
larly choose the ranking minority member of 
the panel. 
(4) No panel shall have legislative jurisdic-
tion. 
(b) Committee and Subcommittee Task 
Forces 
(1) The Chair, or the Chair of a sub-
committee with the concurrence of the 
Chair, may designate a task force to inquire 
into and take testimony on a matter that 
falls within the jurisdiction of the Com-
mittee or subcommittee, respectively. The 
Chair and the Ranking Minority Member or 
the Chair and the ranking minority member 
of a subcommittee shall each appoint an 
equal number of members to the task force. 
The Chair or the Chair of a subcommittee 
shall choose one of the members so ap-
pointed, who does not currently chair an-
other subcommittee of the Committee, to 
serve as Chair of the task force. The Ranking 
Minority Member or the ranking minority 
member of a subcommittee shall similarly 
appoint the ranking minority member of the 
task force. 
(2) No task force appointed by the Chair or 
the Chair of a subcommittee shall continue 
in existence for more than three months. A 
task force may only be reappointed for an 
additional three months with the written 
concurrence of the Chair and the Ranking 
Minority Member or the concurrence of the 
Chair and the ranking minority member of 
the subcommittee whose Chair appointed the 
task force. 
(3) No task force shall have legislative ju-
risdiction. 
RULE 6. REFERENCE AND CONSIDERATION OF 
LEGISLATION 
(a) The Chair shall refer legislation and 
other 
matters 
to 
the 
appropriate 
sub-
committee or to the full Committee. 
(b) Legislation shall be taken up for a 
hearing or markup only when called by the 
Chair or the Chair of a subcommittee, as ap-
propriate, or by a majority of the Committee 
or subcommittee, as appropriate. 
(c) The Chair, with approval of a majority 
vote of a quorum of the Committee, shall 
have authority to discharge a subcommittee 
from consideration of any measure or matter 
referred thereto and have such measure or 
matter considered by the Committee. 
(d) Reports and recommendations of a sub-
committee may not be considered by the 
Committee until after the intervention of 
three calendar days from the time the report 
is approved by the subcommittee and avail-
able to the members of the Committee, ex-
cept that this rule may be waived by a ma-
jority vote of a quorum of the Committee. 
(e) The Chair, in consultation with the 
Ranking Minority Member, shall establish 
criteria for recommending legislation and 
other matters to be considered by the House 
of Representatives, pursuant to clause 1 of 
rule XV of the Rules of the House of Rep-
resentatives. Such criteria shall not conflict 
with the Rules of the House of Representa-
tives and other applicable rules. 
RULE 7. PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENT OF HEARINGS 
AND MEETINGS 
(a) Pursuant to clause 2(g)(3) of rule XI of 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, 
the Chair, or the Chair of any subcommittee, 
panel, or task force, shall make a public an-
nouncement of the date, place, and subject 
matter of any hearing or meeting for the 
transaction of business before that body at 
least one week before the commencement of 
a hearing and at least three calendar days 
(excluding Saturdays, Sundays, or legal holi-
days except when the House is in session on 
such a day) before the commencement of a 
meeting. However, if the Chair, with the con-
currence of the Ranking Minority Member, 
or the Chair of any subcommittee, panel, or 
task force, with the concurrence of the re-
spective ranking minority member, deter-
mines that there is good cause to begin the 
hearing or meeting sooner, or if the Com-
mittee, subcommittee, panel, or task force 
so determines by majority vote, a quorum 
being present for the transaction of business, 
such Chair shall make the announcement at 
the earliest possible date. Any announce-
ment made under this rule shall be promptly 
published in the Daily Digest, and promptly 
made publicly available in electronic form. 
(b) At least 24 hours prior to the com-
mencement of a meeting for the markup of 
legislation, or at the time of an announce-
ment under paragraph (a) made within 24 
hours before such meeting, the Chair, or the 
Chair of any subcommittee, panel, or task 
force shall cause the text of such measure or 
matter to be made publicly available in elec-
tronic form as provided in clause 2(g)(4) of 
rule XI of the Rules of the House of Rep-
resentatives. 
RULE 8. BROADCASTING OF COMMITTEE 
HEARINGS AND MEETINGS 
(a) Pursuant to clause 2(e)(5) of rule XI of 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, 
the Committee shall, to the maximum ex-
tent practicable, provide audio and video 
coverage of each hearing or meeting for the 
transaction of business in a manner that al-
lows the public to easily listen to and view 
the proceedings. The Committee shall main-
tain the recordings of such coverage in a 
manner that is easily accessible to the pub-
lic. 
(b) Clause 4 of rule XI of the Rules of the 
House of Representatives shall apply to the 
Committee. 
RULE 9. MEETINGS AND HEARINGS OPEN TO THE 
PUBLIC 
(a) Each hearing and meeting for the trans-
action of business, including the markup of 
legislation, conducted by the Committee, or 
any subcommittee, panel, or task force, to 
the extent that the respective body is au-
thorized to conduct markups, shall be open 
to the public except when the Committee, 
subcommittee, panel, or task force in open 
session and with a majority being present, 
determines by record vote that all or part of 
the remainder of that hearing or meeting on 
that day shall be in executive session be-
cause disclosure of testimony, evidence, or 
other matters to be considered would endan-
ger the national security, would compromise 
sensitive law enforcement information, or 
would violate any law or rule of the House of 
Representatives. Notwithstanding the re-
quirements of the preceding sentence, a ma-
jority of those present, there being in at-
tendance no fewer than two members of the 
Committee, subcommittee, panel, or task 
force may vote to close a hearing or meeting 
for the sole purpose of discussing whether 
testimony or evidence to be received would 
endanger the national security, would com-
promise sensitive law enforcement informa-
tion, or would violate any law or rule of the 
House of Representatives. If the decision is 
to proceed in executive session, the vote 
must be by record vote and in open session, 
a majority of the Committee, subcommittee, 
panel, or task force being present. 
(b) Whenever it is asserted by a member of 
the Committee, subcommittee, panel, or 
task force that the evidence or testimony at 
a hearing may tend to defame, degrade, or 
incriminate any person, or it is asserted by 
a witness that the evidence or testimony 
that the witness would give at a hearing may 
tend to defame, degrade, or incriminate the 
witness, notwithstanding the requirements 
of paragraph (a) and the provisions of clause 
2(g)(2)(A) of rule XI of the Rules of the House 
of Representatives and in accordance with 
the provisions of clause 2(g)(2)(B) of rule XI 
of the Rules of the House of Representatives, 
such evidence or testimony shall be pre-
sented in executive session, if by a majority 
vote of those present, there being in attend-
ance no fewer than two members of the Com-
mittee, subcommittee, panel, or task force, 
the Committee, subcommittee, panel, or 
task force determines that such evidence 
may tend to defame, degrade, or incriminate 
any person. A majority of those present, 
there being in attendance no fewer than two 
members of the Committee, subcommittee, 
panel, or task force may also vote to close 
the hearing or meeting for the sole purpose 
of discussing whether evidence or testimony 
to be received would tend to defame, de-
grade, or incriminate any person. The Com-
mittee, subcommittee, panel, or task force 
shall proceed to receive such testimony in 
open session only if the Committee, sub-
committee, panel, or task force, a majority 
being present, determines that such evidence 
or testimony will not tend to defame, de-
grade, or incriminate any person. 
(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, and 
with the approval of the Chair, each member 
of the Committee may designate by letter to 
the Chair, one member of that member’s per-
sonal staff, and an alternate, which may in-
clude fellows, with Top Secret security 
clearance to attend hearings of the Com-
mittee, or that member’s subcommittee(s), 
panel(s), or task force(s) (excluding briefings 
or meetings held under the provisions of 
committee rule 9(a)), which have been closed 
under the provisions of rule 9(a) above for 
national security purposes for the taking of 
testimony. The attendance of such a staff 
member or fellow at such hearings is subject 
to the approval of the Committee, sub-
committee, panel, or task force as dictated 
by national security requirements at that 
time. The attainment of any required secu-
rity clearances is the responsibility of indi-
vidual members of the Committee. 
(d) Pursuant to clause 2(g)(2) of rule XI of 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, 
no Member, Delegate, or Resident Commis-
sioner 
may 
be 
excluded 
from 
nonparticipatory attendance at any hearing 
of the Committee or a subcommittee, unless 
the House of Representatives shall by major-
ity vote authorize the Committee or sub-
committee, for purposes of a particular se-
ries of hearings on a particular article of leg-
islation or on a particular subject of inves-
tigation, to close its hearings to Members, 
Delegates, and the Resident Commissioner 
by the same procedures designated in this 
rule for closing hearings to the public. 
(e) The Committee or the subcommittee 
may vote, by the same procedure, to meet in 
executive session for up to five additional 
consecutive days of hearings. 
RULE 10. QUORUM 
(a) For purposes of taking testimony and 
receiving evidence, two members shall con-
stitute a quorum. 
(b) One-third of the members of the Com-
mittee or subcommittee shall constitute a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:33 Feb 19, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A18FE7.002
H18FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 2-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H520 
February 18, 2021 
quorum for taking any action, with the fol-
lowing exceptions, in which case a majority 
of the Committee or subcommittee shall 
constitute a quorum: 
(1) Reporting a measure or recommenda-
tion; 
(2) Closing Committee or subcommittee 
meetings and hearings to the public; 
(3) Authorizing the issuance of subpoenas; 
(4) Authorizing the use of executive session 
material; and 
( 5) Voting to proceed in open session after 
voting to close to discuss whether evidence 
or testimony to be received would tend to de-
fame, degrade, or incriminate any person. 
(c) No measure or recommendation shall be 
reported to the House of Representatives un-
less a majority of the Committee is actually 
present. 
RULE 11. THE FIVE-MINUTE RULE 
(a) Subject to rule 15, the time any one 
member may address the Committee, sub-
committee, panel, or task force on any meas-
ure or matter under consideration shall not 
exceed five minutes and then only when the 
member has been recognized by the Chair or 
subcommittee Chair, as appropriate, except 
that this time limit may be exceeded by 
unanimous consent. Any member, upon re-
quest, shall be recognized for not more than 
five minutes to address the Committee or 
subcommittee on behalf of an amendment 
which the member has offered to any pend-
ing bill or resolution. The five-minute limi-
tation shall not apply to the Chair and the 
Ranking Minority Member or the Chair and 
the ranking minority member of a sub-
committee, panel, or task force. 
(b)(1) Members who are present at a hear-
ing of the Committee, subcommittee, panel, 
or task force when a hearing is originally 
convened shall be recognized by the Chair or 
subcommittee, panel, or task force Chair, as 
appropriate, in order of seniority. Those 
members arriving subsequently shall be rec-
ognized in order of their arrival. Notwith-
standing the foregoing, the Chair and the 
Ranking Minority Member or the Chair and 
the ranking minority member of a sub-
committee, panel, or task force, as appro-
priate, will take precedence upon their ar-
rival. In recognizing members to question 
witnesses in this fashion, the Chair shall 
take into consideration the ratio of the ma-
jority to minority members present and 
shall establish the order of recognition for 
questioning in such a manner as not to dis-
advantage the members of either party. 
(2) Pursuant to rule 4 and subject to rule 
15, a member of the Committee who is not a 
member of a subcommittee, panel, or task 
force may be recognized by a subcommittee, 
panel, or task force Chair in order of their 
arrival and after all present subcommittee, 
panel, or task force members have been rec-
ognized. 
(3) The Chair of the Committee or the 
Chair of a subcommittee, panel, or task 
force, with the concurrence of the respective 
ranking minority member, may depart with 
the regular order for questioning which is 
specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this 
rule provided that such a decision is an-
nounced prior to the hearing or prior to the 
opening statements of the witnesses and that 
any such departure applies equally to the 
majority and the minority. 
(c) No person other than a Member, Dele-
gate, or Resident Commissioner of Congress 
and committee staff may be seated in or be-
hind the dais area during Committee, sub-
committee, panel, or task force hearings and 
meetings. 
RULE 12. POWER TO SIT AND ACT; SUBPOENA 
POWER 
(a) For the purpose of carrying out any of 
its functions and duties under rules X and XI 
of the Rules of the House of Representatives, 
the Committee and any subcommittee is au-
thorized (subject to subparagraph (b)(l) of 
this paragraph): 
(1) to sit and act at such times and places 
within the United States, whether the House 
is in session, has recessed, or has adjourned, 
and to hold hearings, and 
(2) to require by subpoena, or otherwise, 
the attendance and testimony of such wit-
nesses and the production of such books, 
records, correspondence, memorandums, pa-
pers and documents, including, but not lim-
ited to, those in electronic form, as it con-
siders necessary. 
(b)(l) A subpoena may be authorized and 
issued by the Committee, or any sub-
committee with the concurrence of the Chair 
and after consultation with the Ranking Mi-
nority Member, under subparagraph (a)(2) in 
the conduct of any investigation, or series of 
investigations or activities, only when au-
thorized by a majority of the members vot-
ing, a majority of the Committee or sub-
committee being present. Authorized sub-
poenas shall be signed only by the Chair, or 
by any member designated by the Com-
mittee. 
(2) Pursuant to clause 2(m) of rule XI of 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, 
compliance with any subpoena issued by the 
Committee or any subcommittee under sub-
paragraph (a)(2) may be enforced only as au-
thorized or directed by the House of Rep-
resentatives. 
RULE 13. WITNESS STATEMENTS 
(a) Any prepared statement to be presented 
by a witness to the Committee or a sub-
committee, panel, or task force shall be sub-
mitted to the Committee, subcommittee, 
panel, or task force at least 48 hours in ad-
vance of presentation and shall be distrib-
uted to all members of the Committee, sub-
committee, panel, or task force as soon as 
practicable but not less than 24 hours in ad-
vance of presentation. A copy of any such 
prepared statement shall also be submitted 
to the Committee in electronic form. If a 
prepared statement contains national secu-
rity information bearing a classification of 
Confidential or higher, the statement shall 
be made available in the Committee rooms 
to all members of the Committee, sub-
committee, panel, or task force as soon as 
practicable but not less than 24 hours in ad-
vance of presentation; however, no such 
statement shall be removed from the Com-
mittee offices. The requirement of this rule 
may be waived by a majority vote of the 
Committee, subcommittee, panel, or task 
force, a quorum being present. In cases 
where a witness does not submit a statement 
by the time required under this rule, the 
Chair, with the concurrence of the Ranking 
Minority Member, or the Chair of a sub-
committee, panel, or task force, as appro-
priate, with the concurrence of the respec-
tive ranking minority member, may elect to 
exclude the witness from the hearing. 
(b) 
The 
Committee 
and 
each 
sub-
committee, panel, or task force shall require 
each witness who is to appear before it to file 
with the Committee in advance of his or her 
appearance a written statement of the pro-
posed testimony and to limit the oral presen-
tation at such appearance to a brief sum-
mary of the submitted written statement. 
(c) Pursuant to clause 2(g)(5) of rule XI of 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, 
written witness statements, with appro-
priate redactions to protect the privacy of 
the witness, shall be made publicly available 
in electronic form 24 hours before the wit-
ness appears to the extent practicable, but 
not later than one day after the witness ap-
pears. 
RULE 14. ADMINISTERING OATHS TO WITNESSES 
(a) The Chair, or any member designated 
by the Chair, may administer oaths to any 
witness. 
(b) Witnesses, when sworn, shall subscribe 
to the following oath: 
‘‘Do you solemnly swear (or affirm) that 
the testimony you will give before this Com-
mittee (or subcommittee, panel, or task 
force) in the matters now under consider-
ation will be the truth, the whole truth, and 
nothing but the truth, so help you God?’’ 
RULE 15. QUESTIONING OF WITNESSES 
(a) When a witness is before the Committee 
or a subcommittee, panel, or task force, 
members of the Committee, subcommittee, 
panel, or task force may put questions to the 
witness only when recognized by the Chair, 
subcommittee, panel, or task force Chair, as 
appropriate, for that purpose according to 
rule 11 of the Committee. 
(b) 
Members 
of 
the 
Committee, 
sub-
committee, panel, or task force who so desire 
shall have not more than five minutes to 
question each witness or panel of witnesses, 
the responses of the witness or witnesses 
being included in the five-minute period, 
until such time as each member has had an 
opportunity to question each witness or 
panel of witnesses. Thereafter, additional 
rounds for questioning witnesses by members 
are within the discretion of the Chair or the 
subcommittee, panel, or task force Chair, as 
appropriate. 
(c) Questions put to witnesses before the 
Committee, subcommittee, panel, or task 
force shall be pertinent to the measure or 
matter that may be before the Committee, 
subcommittee, panel, or task force for con-
sideration. 
RULE 16. PUBLICATION OF COMMITTEE HEARINGS 
AND MARKUPS 
The transcripts of those hearings con-
ducted by the Committee, subcommittee, 
panel, or task force will be published offi-
cially in substantially verbatim form, with 
the material requested for the record in-
serted at that place requested, or at the end 
of the record, as appropriate. The transcripts 
of markups conducted by the Committee or 
any subcommittee may be published offi-
cially in verbatim form. Any requests to cor-
rect any errors, other than those in tran-
scription, will be appended to the record, and 
the appropriate place where the change is re-
quested will be footnoted. Any transcript 
published under this rule shall include the 
results of record votes conducted in the ses-
sion covered by the transcript and shall also 
include materials that have been submitted 
for the record and are covered under rule 19. 
The handling and safekeeping of these mate-
rials shall fully satisfy the requirements of 
rule 20. No transcript of an executive session 
conducted under rule 9 shall be published 
under this rule. 
RULE 17. VOTING AND ROLLCALLS 
(a) Voting on a measure or matter may be 
by record vote, division vote, voice vote, or 
unanimous consent. 
(b) A record vote shall be ordered upon the 
request 
of 
one-fifth 
of 
those 
members 
present. 
(c) No vote by any member of the Com-
mittee or a subcommittee with respect to 
any measure or matter shall be cast by 
proxy. 
(d) In the event of a vote or votes, when a 
member is in attendance at any other com-
mittee, subcommittee, or conference com-
mittee meeting during that time, the nec-
essary absence of that member shall be so 
noted in the record vote record, upon timely 
notification to the Chair by that member. 
(e) The Chair, with the concurrence of the 
Ranking Minority Member, or the Chair of a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:33 Feb 19, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00004
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A18FE7.003
H18FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 3-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H521 
February 18, 2021 
subcommittee, as appropriate, with the con-
currence of the respective ranking minority 
member or the most senior minority member 
who is present at the time, may elect to 
postpone requested record votes until such 
time or point at a markup as is mutually de-
cided. When proceedings resume on a post-
poned question, notwithstanding any inter-
vening order for the previous question, the 
underlying proposition shall remain subject 
to further debate or amendment to the same 
extent as when the question was postponed. 
RULE 18. COMMITTEE REPORTS 
(a) If, at the time of approval of any meas-
ure or matter by the Committee, any mem-
ber of the Committee gives timely notice of 
intention to file supplemental, minority, ad-
ditional or dissenting views, all members 
shall be entitled to not less than two cal-
endar days (excluding Saturdays, Sundays, 
and legal holidays except when the House is 
in session on such days) in which to file such 
written and signed views (including in elec-
tronic form) with the Staff Director of the 
Committee, or the Staff Director’s designee. 
All such views so filed by one or more mem-
bers of the Committee shall be included 
within, and shall be a part of, the report filed 
by the Committee with respect to that meas-
ure or matter. 
(b) With respect to each record vote on a 
motion to report any measure or matter, and 
on any amendment offered to the measure or 
matter, the total number of votes cast for 
and against, the names of those voting for 
and against, and a brief description of the 
question, shall be included in the Committee 
report on the measure or matter. 
(c) Not later than 24 hours after the adop-
tion of any amendment or 48 hours after the 
disposition or withdrawal of any other 
amendment to a measure or matter consid-
ered by the Committee, the Chair shall cause 
the text of each such amendment to be made 
publicly available in electronic form as pro-
vided in clause 2(e)(6) of rule XI of the Rules 
of the House of Representatives. 
RULE 19. PUBLIC INSPECTION OF COMMITTEE 
ROLLCALLS 
The result of each record vote in any meet-
ing of the Committee shall be made publicly 
available in electronic form within 48 hours 
of such record vote pursuant to clause 
2(e)(l)(B)(i) of rule XI of the Rules of the 
House of Representatives. Information so 
available shall include a description of the 
amendment, motion, order, or other propo-
sition and the name of each member voting 
for and each member voting against such 
amendment, motion, order, or proposition 
and the names of those members present but 
not voting. 
RULE 20. PROTECTION OF NATIONAL SECURITY 
AND OTHER INFORMATION 
(a) Except as provided in clause 2(g) of rule 
XI of the Rules of the House of Representa-
tives, all national security information bear-
ing a classification of Confidential or higher 
which has been received by the Committee or 
a subcommittee shall be deemed to have 
been received in executive session and shall 
be given appropriate safekeeping. 
(b) The Chair shall, with the approval of a 
majority of the Committee, establish such 
procedures as in his judgment may be nec-
essary to prevent the unauthorized disclo-
sure of any national security information 
that is received which is classified as Con-
fidential or higher. Such procedures shall, 
however, ensure access to this information 
by any member of the Committee or any 
other Member, Delegate, or Resident Com-
missioner of the House of Representatives, 
staff of the Committee, or staff designated 
under rule 9(c) who have the appropriate se-
curity clearances and the need to know, who 
has requested the opportunity to review such 
material. 
(c) The Chair shall, in consultation with 
the Ranking Minority Member, establish 
such procedures as in his judgment may be 
necessary to prevent the unauthorized dis-
closure of any proprietary information that 
is received by the Committee, subcommittee, 
panel, or task force. Such procedures shall be 
consistent with the Rules of the House of 
Representatives and applicable law. 
RULE 21. COMMITTEE STAFFING 
The staffing of the Committee, the stand-
ing subcommittees, and any panel or task 
force designated by the Chair or the chairs of 
the subcommittees shall be subject to the 
Rules of the House of Representatives. 
RULE 22. COMMITTEE RECORDS 
The records of the Committee at the Na-
tional Archives and Records Administration 
shall be made available for public use in ac-
cordance with rule VII of the Rules of the 
House of Representatives. The Chair shall 
notify the Ranking Minority Member of any 
decision, pursuant to clause 3(b)(3) or clause 
4(b) of rule VII, to withhold a record other-
wise available, and the matter shall be pre-
sented to the Committee for a determination 
on the written request of any member of the 
Committee. 
RULE 23. HEARING PROCEDURES 
Clause 2(k) of rule XI of the Rules of the 
House of Representatives shall apply to the 
Committee. 
RULE 24. COMMITTEE ACTIVITY REPORTS 
Not later than January 2nd of each odd- 
numbered year the Committee shall submit 
to the House a report on its activities, pursu-
ant to clause 1(d) of rule XI of the Rules of 
the House of Representatives. 
f 
PUBLICATION OF COMMITTEE 
RULES 
RULES OF THE COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND 
SECURITY FOR THE 117TH CONGRESS 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
Washington, DC, February 18, 2021. 
Hon. NANCY PELOSI, 
Speaker, House of Representatives, 
Washingotn, DC. 
DEAR MADAM SPEAKER: Pursuant to clause 
2(a) of rule XI of the Rules of the House of 
Representatives, I submit the Rules of the 
Committee on Homeland Security for the 
117th Congress for publication in the Con-
gressional Record. On February 3rd, 2021, the 
Committee met in open session and adopted 
these Rules by unanimous consent, a quorum 
being present. 
Sincerely, 
BENNIE G. THOMPSON, 
Chairman. 
(Adopted February 3, 2021) 
RULE I.—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
(A) Applicability of the Rules of the U.S. 
House of Representatives.—The Rules of the 
U.S. House of Representatives (the ‘‘House’’) 
are the rules of the Committee on Homeland 
Security (the ‘‘Committee’’) and its sub-
committees insofar as applicable. 
(B) Applicability to Subcommittees.—Except 
where the terms ‘‘Full Committee’’ and 
‘‘subcommittee’’ are specifically mentioned, 
the following rules shall apply to the Com-
mittee’s subcommittees and their respective 
Chairs and Ranking Minority Members to 
the same extent as they apply to the Full 
Committee and its Chair and Ranking Mi-
nority Member. 
(C) Appointments by the Chair.—Clause 2(d) 
of Rule XI of the House shall govern the des-
ignation of a Vice Chair of the Full Com-
mittee. 
(D) Conferences.—The Chair is authorized 
to offer a motion under clause 1 of Rule XXII 
of the Rules of the House whenever the Chair 
considers it appropriate. 
(E) Committee Website.—The Chair shall 
maintain an official Committee web site for 
the purposes of furthering the Committee’s 
legislative and oversight responsibilities, in-
cluding communicating information about 
the Committee’s activities to Committee 
Members, other Members, and the public at 
large. The Ranking Minority Member may 
maintain a similar web site for the same pur-
poses. The official Committee web site shall 
display a link on its home page to the web 
site maintained by the Ranking Minority 
Member. 
(F) Activity Report.—The Committee shall 
submit a report to the House on the activi-
ties of the Committee in accordance with 
House rule XI1(d). 
RULE II.—SUBCOMMITTEES 
(A) Generally.—The Full Committee shall 
be organized into the following six standing 
subcommittees and each shall have specific 
responsibility for such measures or matters 
as the Chair refers to it: 
(1) Subcommittee on Border Security, Fa-
cilitation, and Operations 
(2) Subcommittee on Cybersecurity, Infra-
structure Protection, and Innovation 
(3) Subcommittee on Emergency Prepared-
ness, Response, and Recovery 
(4) Subcommittee on Intelligence and 
Counterterrorism 
(5) Subcommittee on Oversight, Manage-
ment, and Accountability 
(6) Subcommittee on Transportation and 
Maritime Security 
(B) Selection and Ratio of Subcommittee Mem-
bers.—The Chair and Ranking Minority Mem-
ber of the Full Committee shall select their 
respective Members of each subcommittee. 
The ratio of Majority to Minority Members 
shall be comparable to the Full Committee, 
consistent with the party ratios established 
by the Majority party, except that each sub-
committee shall have at least two more Ma-
jority Members than Minority Members. 
(C) Ex Officio Members.—The Chair and 
Ranking Minority Member of the Full Com-
mittee shall be ex officio members of each 
subcommittee but are not authorized to vote 
on matters that arise before each sub-
committee. The Chair and Ranking Minority 
Member of the Full Committee shall only be 
counted to satisfy the quorum requirement 
for the purpose of taking testimony and re-
ceiving evidence. 
(D) Powers and Duties of Subcommittees.— 
Except as otherwise directed by the Chair of 
the Full Committee, each subcommittee is 
authorized to meet, hold hearings, receive 
testimony, mark up legislation, and report 
to the Full Committee on all matters within 
its purview. Subcommittee Chairs shall set 
hearing and meeting dates only with the ap-
proval of the Chair of the Full Committee. 
To the greatest extent practicable, no more 
than one meeting and hearing should be 
scheduled for a given time. 
RULE III.—SPECIAL COMMITTEE PANELS 
(A) Designation.—The Chair of the Full 
Committee may designate a special panel of 
the Committee consisting of Members of the 
Committee to inquire into and take testi-
mony on a matter or matters that warrant 
enhanced consideration, and to report to the 
Committee. 
(B) Party Ratios and Appointment.—The 
chair of a special panel shall be appointed by 
the Chair of the Full Committee. The Rank-
ing Minority Member of the Full Committee 
may select a ranking minority member for a 
special panel and may appoint additional mi-
nority members, consistent with the ratio of 
the full committee. The Chair and Ranking 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:03 Feb 19, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00005
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A18FE7.004
H18FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 4-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H522 
February 18, 2021 
Minority Member may serve as ex officio 
members. 
(C) Duration.—No special panel shall con-
tinue in existence for more than six months. 
(D) Jurisdiction.-No panel shall have legis-
lative jurisdiction. 
RULE IV.—REGULAR MEETINGS 
(A) Regular Meeting Date.—The regular 
meeting date and time for the transaction of 
business of the Full Committee shall be at 
10:00 a.m. on the first Wednesday that the 
House is in Session each month, unless oth-
erwise directed by the Chair. 
(B) Additional Meetings.—At the discretion 
of the Chair, additional meetings of the 
Committee may be scheduled for the consid-
eration of any legislation or other matters 
pending before the Committee, or to conduct 
other Committee business. The Committee 
shall meet for such purposes pursuant to the 
call of the Chair. 
(C) Consideration.—Except in the case of a 
special meeting held under clause 2(c)(2) of 
House Rule XI, the determination of the 
business to be considered at each meeting of 
the Committee shall be made by the Chair. 
RULE V.—NOTICE AND PUBLICATION 
(A) Notice.— 
(1) Hearings—(a) Pursuant to clause 2(g)(3) 
of rule XI of the Rules of the House of Rep-
resentatives, the Chair of the Committee 
shall make public announcement of the date, 
place, and subject matter of any hearing be-
fore the Full Committee or subcommittee, 
which may not commence earlier than one 
week after such notice. 
(b) However, a hearing may begin sooner 
than specified in (a) if the Chair of the Com-
mittee, with the concurrence of the Ranking 
Minority Member, determines that there is 
good cause to begin such hearing sooner, or 
if the Committee so determines by majority 
vote, a quorum being present for the trans-
action of business. If such a determination is 
made, the Chair shall make the announce-
ment required under 
(a) at the earliest possible date. To the ex-
tent practicable, the names of all witnesses 
scheduled to appear at such hearing shall be 
provided to Members no later than 48 hours 
prior to the commencement of such hearing. 
(2) Meetings.— 
(a) The Chair shall announce the date, 
time, place and subject matter of any meet-
ing, which may not commence earlier than 
the third calendar day (excluding Saturdays, 
Sundays, or legal holidays except when the 
House is in session on such a day) on which 
Members have notice thereof except in the 
case of a special meeting called under clause 
2(c)(2) of House Rule XI. These notice re-
quirements may be waived if the Chair with 
the concurrence of the Ranking Minority 
Member, determines that there is good cause 
to begin the meeting sooner or if the Com-
mittee so determines by majority vote, a 
quorum being present for the transaction of 
business. 
(b) At least 48 hours prior to the com-
mencement of a meeting for the markup of 
legislation, or at the time of announcement 
of the meeting, if less than 48 hours under 
Rule V(A)(2), the text of such legislation to 
be marked up shall be provided to the Mem-
bers, made publicly available in electronic 
form, and posted on the official Committee 
web site. 
(c) Not later than 24 hours after concluding 
a meeting to consider legislation, the text of 
such legislation as ordered forwarded or re-
ported, including any amendments adopted 
or defeated, shall be made publicly available 
in electronic form and posted on the official 
Committee web site. 
(3) Briefings.—The Chair shall provide no-
tice of the date, time, place, and subject 
matter of a Member briefing. To the extent 
practicable, a Member briefing shall not 
commence earlier than the third day on 
which Members have notice thereof. 
(4) Publication.—House Rule XI 2(g)(3)(C) 
is hereby incorporated by reference. 
RULE VI.—OPEN MEETINGS AND HEARINGS; 
BROADCASTING 
(A) Open Meetings.— 
(1) All meetings and hearings of the Com-
mittee shall be open to the public including 
to radio, television, and still photography 
coverage, except as provided by Rule XI of 
the Rules of the House or when the Com-
mittee, in open session and with a majority 
present, determines by recorded vote that all 
or part of the remainder of that hearing on 
that day shall be closed to the public because 
disclosure of testimony, evidence, or other 
matters to be considered would endanger the 
national security, compromise sensitive law 
enforcement information, tend to defame, 
degrade or incriminate a witness, or violate 
any law or rule of the House of Representa-
tives. 
(2) The Committee or Subcommittee may 
meet in executive session for up to five addi-
tional consecutive days of hearings if agreed 
to by the same procedure. 
(B) Broadcasting.—Whenever any hearing or 
meeting conducted by the Committee is open 
to the public, the Committee shall permit 
that hearing or meeting to be covered by tel-
evision broadcast, internet broadcast, print 
media, and still photography, or by any of 
such methods of coverage, in accordance 
with the provisions of clause 4 of Rule XI of 
the Rules of the House. Operation and use of 
any Committee operated broadcast system 
shall be fair and nonpartisan and in accord-
ance with clause 4(b) of Rule XI and all other 
applicable rules of the Committee and the 
House. Priority shall be given by the Com-
mittee to members of the Press Galleries. 
Pursuant to clause 2(e) of rule XI of the 
Rules of the House of Representatives, the 
Committee shall, to the greatest extent 
practicable, provide audio and video cov-
erage of each hearing or meeting in a man-
ner that allows the public to easily listen to 
and view the proceedings and shall maintain 
the recordings of such coverage in a manner 
that is easily accessible to the public. 
(C) Transcripts.—A transcript shall be made 
of the testimony of each witness appearing 
before the Committee during a Committee 
hearing. All transcripts of meetings or hear-
ings that are open to the public shall be 
made available. 
RULE VII.—PROCEDURES FOR MEETINGS AND 
HEARINGS 
(A) Opening Statements—At any meeting of 
the Committee, the Chair and Ranking Mi-
nority Member shall be entitled to present 
oral opening statements of five minutes 
each. Other Members may submit written 
opening statements for the record. The Chair 
presiding over the meeting may permit addi-
tional opening statements by other Members 
of the Full Committee or of that sub-
committee, with the concurrence of the 
Ranking Minority Member. 
(B) The Five-Minute Rule.—The time any 
one Member may address the Committee on 
any bill, motion, or other matter under con-
sideration by the Committee shall not ex-
ceed five minutes, and then only when the 
Member has been recognized by the Chair, 
except that this time limit may be extended 
when permitted by unanimous consent. 
(C) Postponement of Vote.—The Chair may 
postpone further proceedings when a record 
vote is ordered on the question of approving 
any measure or matter or adopting an 
amendment and may resume proceedings on 
a postponed vote at any time after reason-
able notice to Members by the Clerk or other 
designee of the Chair. When proceedings re-
sume on a postponed question, notwith-
standing any intervening order for the pre-
vious question, an underlying proposition 
shall remain subject to further debate or 
amendment to the same extent as when the 
question was postponed. 
(D) Record.—Members may have 10 business 
days to submit to the Chief Clerk of the 
Committee their statements for the record, 
and, in the case of a hearing, additional 
questions for the hearing record to be di-
rected towards a witness at the hearing. 
RULE VIII.—WITNESSES 
(A) Questioning of Witnesses.— 
(1) Questioning of witnesses by Members 
will be conducted under the five- minute rule 
unless the Committee adopts a motion per-
mitted by clause 20(j)(2) of House Rule XI. 
(2) In questioning witnesses under the five- 
minute rule, the Chair and the Ranking Mi-
nority Member shall first be recognized. In a 
subcommittee meeting or hearing, the Chair 
and Ranking Minority Member of the Full 
Committee are then recognized. All other 
Members who are present before the com-
mencement of the meeting or hearing will be 
recognized in the order of seniority on the 
Committee, alternating between Majority 
and Minority Members. Committee Members 
arriving after the commencement of the 
hearing shall be recognized in order of ap-
pearance, alternating between Majority and 
Minority 
Members, 
after 
all 
Members 
present at the beginning of the hearing have 
been recognized. To the extent practicable, 
each Member shall be recognized at least 
once before any Member is given a second 
opportunity to question a witness. 
(3) The Chair, in consultation with the 
Ranking Minority Member, or the Com-
mittee by motion, may permit a specified 
number of Members to question a witness for 
a period longer than five minutes, but the 
time allotted must be equally apportioned to 
the Majority party and the Minority and 
may not exceed one hour in the aggregate. 
(4) The Chair, in consultation with the 
Ranking Minority Member, or the Com-
mittee by motion, may permit Committee 
staff of the Majority and Minority to ques-
tion a witness for a specified period of time, 
but the time allotted must be equally appor-
tioned to the Majority and Minority staff 
and may not exceed one hour in the aggre-
gate. 
(B) Minority Witnesses.— House Rule XI 
2(j)(l) is hereby incorporated by reference. 
(C) Oath or Affirmation.—The Chair of the 
Committee or any Member designated by the 
Chair, may administer an oath to any wit-
ness. 
(D) Statements by Witnesses.— 
(1) Consistent with the notice given, and to 
the greatest extent practicable, each witness 
shall submit a prepared or written statement 
for the record of the proceedings (including, 
where practicable, an electronic copy) with 
the Clerk of the Committee no less than 48 
hours in advance of the witness’s appearance 
before the Committee. 
(2) In the case of a witness appearing in a 
non-governmental capacity, a written state-
ment of proposed testimony shall include a 
curriculum vita and a disclosure of any Fed-
eral grants or contracts, or contracts or pay-
ments originating with a foreign govern-
ment, received during the current calendar 
year or either of the two preceding calendar 
years by the witness or by an entity rep-
resented by the witness and related to the 
subject matter of the hearing. Such disclo-
sures shall include the amount and source of 
each Federal grant (or subgrant thereof) or 
contract (or subcontract thereof) related to 
the subject matter of the hearing, and the 
amount and country of ongin of any pay-
ment or contract related to the subject mat-
ter jurisdiction of the hearing originating 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:33 Feb 19, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00006
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A18FE7.007
H18FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 5-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H523 
February 18, 2021 
with a foreign government. Such statements, 
with the appropriate redactions to protect 
the privacy or security of the witness, shall 
be made publicly available in electronic form 
not later than one day after the witness ap-
pears. 
RULE IX.—QUORUM 
Quorum Requirements.—Two Members shall 
constitute a quorum for purposes of taking 
testimony and receiving evidence. One-third 
of the Members of the Committee shall con-
stitute a quorum for conducting business, ex-
cept for (1) reporting a measure or rec-
ommendation; (2) closing Committee meet-
ings to the public, pursuant to Committee 
Rule IV; (3) any other action for which an ac-
tual majority quorum is required by any rule 
of the House of Representatives or by law. 
The Chair’s staff shall consult with the 
Ranking Minority Member’s staff when 
scheduling meetings and hearings, to ensure 
that a quorum for any purpose will include 
at least one Minority Member of the Com-
mittee. 
RULE X.—DECORUM 
(A) Breaches of Decorum.—The Chair may 
punish breaches of order and decorum, by 
censure and exclusion from a hearing or 
meeting; and the Committee may cite the of-
fender to the House for contempt. 
(B) Access to Dais.—Access to the dais be-
fore, during, and after a hearing, markup, or 
other meeting of the Committee shall be 
limited to Members and staff of the Com-
mittee. Subject to availability of space on 
the dais, Committee Members’ personal staff 
may be present on the dais during a hearing 
if their employing Member is seated on the 
dais and during a markup or other meeting if 
their employing Member is the author of a 
measure or amendment under consideration 
by the Committee, but only during the time 
that the measure or amendment is under ac-
tive consideration by the Committee, or oth-
erwise at the discretion of the Chair; or of 
the Ranking Minority Member for personal 
staff employed by a Minority Member. 
(C) Wireless Communications Use Prohib-
ited.—During a hearing, mark-up, or other 
meeting of the Committee, ringing or audi-
ble sounds or conversational use of cellular 
telephones or other electronic devices is pro-
hibited in the Committee room. 
(D) Protective Face Masks.—During any cov-
ered period pursuant to section 3(s) of H. 
Res. 8, each individual physically present at 
a Committee proceeding or in Committee 
spaces must properly wear a protective face 
mask in that space. 
RULE XI.—REFERRALS TO SUBCOMMITTEES 
Referral of Bills and Other Matters by the 
Chair.—Except for bills and other matters re-
tained by the Chair for Full Committee con-
sideration, each bill or other matter referred 
to the Full Committee shall be referred by 
the Chair to one or more subcommittees 
within two weeks of receipt by the Com-
mittee. In referring any measure or matter 
to a subcommittee, the Chair may specify a 
date by which the subcommittee shall report 
thereon to the Full Committee. Bills or 
other matters referred to subcommittees 
may be reassigned or discharged by the 
Chair. 
RULE XII.—SUBPOENAS; COUNSEL 
(A) Authorization.—The power to authorize 
and issue subpoenas is delegated to the Chair 
of the Full Committee, as provided for under 
clause 2(m)(3)(A)(i) of Rule XI of the Rules of 
the House of Representatives. The Chair 
shall notify the Ranking Minority Member 
prior to issuing any subpoena under such au-
thority. To the extent practicable, the Chair 
shall consult with the Ranking Minority 
Member at least 24 hours in advance of a sub-
poena being issued under such authority, ex-
cluding Saturdays, Sundays, and Federal 
holidays. The Chair of the Full Committee 
shall notify Members of the Committee of 
the authorization and issuance of a subpoena 
under this rule as soon as practicable, but in 
no event later than one week after service of 
such subpoena. 
(B) Disclosure.—Provisions may be included 
in a subpoena with the concurrence of the 
Chair and the Ranking Minority Member of 
the Full Committee, or by the Committee, to 
prevent the disclosure of the Full Commit-
tee’s demands for information when deemed 
necessary for the security of information or 
the progress of an investigation, including 
but not limited to prohibiting the revelation 
by witnesses and their counsel of Full Com-
mittee’s inquiries. 
(C) Subpoena duces tecum.—A subpoena 
duces tecum may be issued whose return to 
the Committee Clerk shall occur at a time 
and place other than that of a regularly 
scheduled meeting. 
(D) Counsel.—When representing a witness 
or entity before the Committee in response 
to a document request, request for tran-
scribed interview, or subpoena from the 
Committee, or in connection with testimony 
before the Committee at a hearing, counsel 
for the witness or entity must promptly sub-
mit to the Committee a notice of appearance 
specifying the following: (a) counsel’s name, 
firm or organization, and contact informa-
tion; and (b) each client represented by the 
counsel in connection with the proceeding. 
Submission of a notice of appearance con-
stitutes acknowledgement that counsel is 
authorized to accept service of process by 
the Committee on behalf of such client(s), 
and that counsel is bound by and agrees to 
comply with all applicable House and Com-
mittee rules and regulations. 
(E) Deposition Authority.—Section 103 of 
H.Res 6 is hereby incorporated by reference. 
RULE XIII.—COMMITTEE STAFF 
(A) Generally.—Committee staff members 
are subject to the provisions of clause 9 of 
House Rule X and must be eligible to be con-
sidered for routine access to classified infor-
mation. 
(B) Staff Assignments.—For purposes of 
these rules, Committee staff means the em-
ployees of the Committee, detailees, fellows, 
interns, or any other person engaged by con-
tract or otherwise to perform services for, or 
at the request of, the Committee. All such 
persons shall be either Majority, Minority, 
or shared staff. The Chair shall appoint, su-
pervise, where applicable determine remu-
neration of, and may remove Majority staff. 
The Ranking Minority Member shall ap-
point, supervise, where applicable determine 
remuneration of, and may remove Minority 
staff. In consultation with the Ranking Mi-
nority Member, the Chair may appoint, su-
pervise, determine remuneration of and may 
remove shared staff that is assigned to serv-
ice of the Committee. The Chair shall certify 
Committee staff appointments, including ap-
pointments by the Ranking Minority Mem-
ber, as required. 
(C) Divulgence of Information.—Prior to the 
public acknowledgement by the Chair or the 
Committee of a decision to initiate an inves-
tigation of a particular person, entity, or 
subject, no member of the Committee staff 
shall knowingly divulge to any person any 
information, including non-classified infor-
mation, which comes into his or her posses-
sion by virtue of his or her status as a mem-
ber of the Committee staff, if the member of 
the Committee staff has a reasonable expec-
tation that such information may alert the 
subject of a Committee investigation to the 
existence, nature, or substance of such inves-
tigation, unless authorized to do so by the 
Chair or the Committee. 
RULE XIV.—CLASSIFIED AND CONTROLLED 
UNCLASSIFIED INFORMATION 
(A) Security Precautions.—Committee staff 
offices, including Majority and Minority of-
fices, shall operate under strict security pre-
cautions administered by the Security Offi-
cer of the Committee. A security officer 
shall be on duty at all times during normal 
office hours. Classified documents and con-
trolled unclassified information (CUI)—for-
merly known as sensitive but unclassified 
(SBU) information—may be destroyed, dis-
cussed, examined, handled, reviewed, stored, 
transported and used only in an appro-
priately secure manner in accordance with 
all applicable laws, executive orders, and 
other governing authorities. Such documents 
may be removed from the Committee’s of-
fices only in furtherance of official Com-
mittee business. Appropriate security proce-
dures, as determined by the Chair in con-
sultation with the Ranking Minority Mem-
ber, shall govern the handling of such docu-
ments removed from the Committee’s of-
fices. 
(B) Temporary Custody of Executive Branch 
Material.—Executive branch documents or 
other materials containing classified infor-
mation in any form that were not made part 
of the record of a Committee hearing, did not 
originate in the Committee or the House, 
and are not otherwise records of the Com-
mittee shall, while in the custody of the 
Committee, be segregated and maintained by 
the Committee in the same manner as Com-
mittee records that are classified. Such doc-
uments and other materials shall be re-
turned to the Executive branch agency from 
which they were obtained at the earliest 
practicable time. 
(C) Access by Committee Staff.—Access to 
classified information supplied to the Com-
mittee shall be limited to Committee staff 
members with appropriate security clear-
ances and a need-to-know, as determined by 
the Chair or Ranking Minority Member, and 
under the direction of the Majority or Minor-
ity Staff Directors. 
(D) Maintaining Confidentiality.—No Com-
mittee Member or Committee staff shall dis-
close, in whole or in part or by way of sum-
mary, to any person who is not a Committee 
Member or authorized Committee staff for 
any purpose or in connection with any pro-
ceeding, judicial or otherwise, any testimony 
given before the Committee in executive ses-
sion except for purposes of obtaining an offi-
cial classification of such testimony. Classi-
fied information and controlled unclassified 
information (CUI) shall be handled in accord-
ance with all applicable laws, executive or-
ders, and other governing authorities and 
consistently with the provisions of these 
rules and Committee procedures. 
(E) Oath.—Before a Committee Member or 
Committee staff may have access to classi-
fied information, the following oath (or affir-
mation) shall be executed: 
I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will 
not disclose any classified information re-
ceived in the course of my service on the 
Committee on Homeland Security, except as 
authorized by the Committee or the House of 
Representatives or in accordance with the 
Rules of such Committee or the Rules of the 
House. 
Copies of the executed oath (or affirma-
tion) shall be retained by the Clerk of the 
Committee as part of the records of the Com-
mittee. 
(F) Disciplinary Action.—The Chair shall 
immediately consider disciplinary action in 
the event any Committee Member or Com-
mittee staff member fails to conform to the 
provisions of these rules governing the dis-
closure of classified or unclassified informa-
tion. Such disciplinary action may include, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:03 Feb 19, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00007
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A18FE7.009
H18FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 6-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H524 
February 18, 2021 
but shall not be limited to, immediate dis-
missal from the Committee staff, criminal 
referral to the Justice Department, and noti-
fication of the Speaker of the House. With 
respect to Minority staff, the Chair shall 
consider such disciplinary action in con-
sultation with the Ranking Minority Mem-
ber. 
RULE XV.—COMMITTEE RECORDS 
(A) Committee Records.—House Rule XI 2(e) 
is hereby incorporated by reference. 
(B) Legislative Calendar.—The Clerk of the 
Committee shall maintain a printed calendar 
for the information of each Committee Mem-
ber showing any procedural or legislative 
measures considered or scheduled to be con-
sidered by the Committee, and the status of 
such measures and such other matters as the 
Committee determines shall be included. The 
calendar shall be revised from time to time 
to show pertinent changes. A copy of such re-
visions shall be made available to each Mem-
ber of the Committee upon request. 
(C) Members Right To Access.—Members of 
the Committee and of the House shall have 
access to all official Committee Records. Ac-
cess to Committee files shall be limited to 
examination within the Committee offices at 
reasonable times. Access 
to 
Committee 
Records that contain classified information 
shall be provided in a manner consistent 
with these rules. 
(D) Removal of Committee Records.—Files 
and records of the Committee are not to be 
removed from the Committee offices. No 
Committee files or records that are not made 
publicly available shall be photocopied by 
any Member. 
(E) Executive Session Records.—Evidence or 
testimony received by the Committee in ex-
ecutive session shall not be released or made 
available to the public unless authorized by 
the Committee, a majority being present. 
Such information may be made available to 
appropriate government personnel for pur-
poses of classification. Members may exam-
ine 
the 
Committee’s 
executive 
session 
records, but may not make copies of, or take 
personal notes from, such records. 
(F) Availability of Committee Records.—The 
Committee shall keep a complete record of 
all Committee action including recorded 
votes and attendance at hearings and meet-
ings. Information so available for public in-
spection shall include a description of each 
amendment, motion, order, or other propo-
sition, including the name of the Member 
who offered the amendment, motion, order, 
or other proposition, and the name of each 
Member voting for and each Member voting 
against 
each 
such 
amendment, 
motion, 
order, or proposition, as well as the names of 
those Members present but not voting. Such 
record shall be made available to the public 
at reasonable times within the Committee 
offices and also made publicly available in 
electronic form and posted on the official 
Committee web site within 48 hours of such 
record vote. 
(G) Separate and Distinct.—All Committee 
records and files must be kept separate and 
distinct from the office records of the Mem-
bers serving as Chair and Ranking Minority 
Member. Records and files of Members’ per-
sonal offices shall not be considered records 
or files of the Committee. 
(H) Disposition of Committee Records.—At 
the conclusion of each Congress, non-current 
records of the Committee shall be delivered 
to the Archivist of the United States in ac-
cordance with Rule VII of the Rules of the 
House. 
(I) Archived Records.—The records of the 
Committee at the National Archives and 
Records Administration shall be made avail-
able for public use in accordance with Rule 
VII of the Rules of the House. The Chair 
shall notify the Ranking Minority Member 
of any decision, pursuant to clause 3(b)(3) or 
clause 4(b) of the Rule, to withhold a record 
otherwise available, and the matter shall be 
presented to the Committee for a determina-
tion on the written request of any member of 
the Committee. The Chair shall consult with 
the Ranking Minority Member on any com-
munication from the Archivist of the United 
States or the Clerk of the House concerning 
the disposition of noncurrent records pursu-
ant to clause 3(b) of the Rule. 
RULE XVI.—COMMITTEE RULES 
(A) Availability of Committee Rules in Elec-
tronic Form.—House Rule XI 2(a) is hereby in-
corporated by reference. 
(B) Changes to Committee Rules.—These 
rules may be modified, amended, or repealed 
by the Full Committee provided that a no-
tice in writing of the proposed change has 
been given to each Member at least 48 hours 
prior to the meeting at which action thereon 
is to be taken and such changes are not in-
consistent with the Rules of the House of 
Representatives. 
f 
PUBLICATION OF COMMITTEE 
RULES 
RULES OF THE COMMITTEE ON VETERANS’ 
AFFAIRS FOR THE 117TH CONGRESS 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
Washington, DC, February 18, 2021. 
Hon. NANCY PELOSI, 
Speaker, House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR MADAM SPEAKER: Pursuant to Rule 
XI, Clause 2(a) of the Rules of the House of 
Representatives, I respectfully submit the 
Rules of the 117th Congress for the Com-
mittee on Veterans’ Affairs for publication 
in the Congressional Record. The Committee 
adopted these rules by voice vote, with a 
quorum being present, at our organizational 
meeting on Thursday, February 11, 2021. 
Sincerely, 
MARK TAKANO, 
Chairman. 
RULE 1—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
(A) Applicability of the Rules of the U.S. 
House of Representatives.— 
In General.—The rules of the U.S. House of 
Representatives (the House) are the rules of 
the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs (Com-
mittee) and its subcommittees so far as ap-
plicable. 
(b) Rules of the Subcommittees.—Each sub-
committee of the Committee is a part of the 
Committee and is subject to the authority 
and direction of the Committee and to its 
rules so far as applicable. Written rules of 
the Committee, not inconsistent with the 
Rules of the House, shall be binding on each 
subcommittee of the Committee. 
(c) Incorporation of House Rule on Committee 
Procedure.—Clause 2 of House rule XI, which 
pertains entirely to Committee procedure, is 
incorporated and made part of the rules of 
the Committee so far as applicable. 
(d) Privileged Motions.—In the Committee, a 
motion to recess from day to day, a motion 
to recess subject to the call of the Chair 
(within 24 hours), and a motion to dispense 
with the first reading (in full) of a bill or res-
olution if printed copies are available, shall 
be privileged and decided without debate. 
(e) Conferences.—Pursuant to clause 2(a)(3) 
of House rule XI, the Chair is authorized to 
offer a motion under clause 1 of House rule 
XXII whenever the Chair considers it appro-
priate. 
(f) Vice Chair.—Pursuant to clause 2(d) of 
House rule XI, the Chair of the Committee 
shall designate the Vice Chair of the Com-
mittee. 
(g) Taking of Depositions.—Pursuant to sec-
tion 3(b) of House Resolution 8 of the 117th 
Congress, the Chair upon consultation with 
the Ranking Minority Member may order 
the taking of depositions, including pursuant 
to subpoena, by a member or counsel of the 
Committee. Depositions taken by a member 
or counsel of the Committee shall be subject 
to regulations issued by the Committee on 
Rules and printed in the Congressional 
Record. 
(h) Subpoenas.—Pursuant to clause 2(m) of 
House rule XI, subpoenas may be authorized 
and issued by the Committee in the conduct 
of any investigation or series of investiga-
tions or activities, only when authorized by 
a majority of the members voting, a major-
ity being present. 
(i) Open Meetings and Hearings.—Meetings 
and hearings of the Committee shall be open 
to the public unless closed in accordance 
with clause 2(g) of House rule XI. 
(G) Motions, Reduced to Writing.—Every mo-
tion made to the Committee and entertained 
by the Chair shall be reduced to writing upon 
demand of any member, and a copy made 
available to each member present. 
(k) Decorum.—The Chair shall enforce deco-
rum including with regard to actions that 
impact the health and safety of Members, 
staff, and anyone else present, or impedes 
the business of the Committee. 
RULE 2—COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
(a) Notice Requirements for Meetings.—The 
Chair shall furnish each member of the Com-
mittee with the date, place, and a list of 
measures and subjects to be considered at a 
Committee meeting, which may not com-
mence earlier than the third calendar day on 
which members have notice thereof (exclud-
ing Saturdays, Sundays and legal holidays 
except when the House is in session on such 
a day). 
(b) Availability of Texts.—At least 48 hours 
prior to the commencement of a meeting for 
the markup of legislation, including any 
amendment in the nature of a substitute to 
such bills or resolutions that shall first be 
recognized by the Chair, the text of such leg-
islation shall be made publicly available in 
electronic form. 
(c) In an emergency that does not reason-
ably allow for the notice as required in para-
graph (a), the Chair may waive the notice re-
quirement with the concurrence of the Rank-
ing Minority Member; or if the Committee so 
determines by majority vote of the quorum 
required under Committee Rule 4(a). An an-
nouncement made under this subparagraph 
shall be published promptly in the Daily Di-
gest and made publicly available in elec-
tronic form. 
(d) Amendments.—To the maximum extent 
practicable, amendments to a measure or 
matter noticed under paragraph (b) shall be 
submitted in writing or electronically to the 
designee of both the Chair and Ranking 
Member and made available electronically to 
each member of the Committee at least 24 
hours prior to the consideration of the meas-
ure or matter. The Chair may use his or her 
discretion to give priority to amendments 
submitted in advance. 
(e) Transcripts.—Transcripts of markups 
shall be recorded and may be published in 
the same manner as hearings before the 
Committee. 
(f) Additional Meetings.—The Chair of the 
Committee may call and convene, as the 
Chair considers necessary, additional meet-
ings of the Committee for the consideration 
of any bill or resolution pending before the 
Committee or for the conduct of other Com-
mittee business. The Committee shall meet 
for such purpose pursuant to the call of the 
Chair. 
(g) Congressional Budget Office Scoring.— 
The Committee shall not include any bill or 
resolution for consideration during a Com-
mittee markup which is not accompanied by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:33 Feb 19, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00008
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A18FE7.010
H18FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 7-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H525 
February 18, 2021 
an accounting from the Congressional Budg-
et Office of the mandatory and discretionary 
costs or savings associated with such bill or 
resolution. 
The accounting from the Congressional 
Budget Office need not be official, but is ex-
pected to provide Committee members with 
an approximation of the budgetary impact a 
bill or resolution may have prior to any vote 
to favorably forward or report such bill or 
resolution. The requirements of this para-
graph may be waived by a majority of Com-
mittee members, a quorum being present. 
(h) Notice and Approval of Committee Inves-
tigative Reports or Studies.—Only those inves-
tigative reports or studies approved by a ma-
jority vote of the Committee at a meeting at 
which a quorum is present may be ordered 
printed, unless otherwise required by the 
rules of the House of Representatives. 
A proposed investigative report or study 
shall not be considered in the Committee un-
less the report has been available to the 
members of the Committee for at least seven 
calendar days before consideration of such 
proposed report or study in the Committee. 
RULE 3—HEARINGS 
(a) Notice.—(1) The Chair, in the case of a 
hearing to be conducted by the Committee, 
shall publicly announce the date, place, and 
subject matter of any hearing to be con-
ducted on any measure or matter at least 
one week before the commencement of that 
hearing, unless in accordance with clause 
2(g)(3)(B) of House rule XI— 
(A) the Chair, with the concurrence of the 
Ranking Minority Member, determines that 
there is good cause to begin the hearing at 
an earlier date, or 
(B) the Committee determines by majority 
vote of the quorum required under Com-
mittee rule 4(a) that a hearing may begin 
earlier than one week after announcement of 
the hearing as required under this sub-
section. An announcement made under this 
subparagraph shall be published promptly in 
the Daily Digest and made publicly available 
in electronic form. 
(b) Requirements for Testimony.— 
(1) Pursuant to clause 2(g)(5) of House rule 
XI, each witness who is to appear before the 
Committee shall file with the clerk of the 
Committee, at least 48 hours ( exclusive of 
weekends and holidays) in advance of his or 
her appearance, or at such other time as des-
ignated by the Chair after consultation with 
the Ranking Minority Member, a written 
statement of his or her proposed testimony. 
Each witness shall, to the greatest extent 
practicable, provide a copy of such written 
testimony in an electronic format prescribed 
by the Chair. Each witness shall limit initial 
presentations to a brief summary of the 
written statement. 
(2)(A) In the case of a witness appearing in 
a non-governmental capacity, a written 
statement of proposed testimony shall in-
clude a curriculum vitae and a disclosure of 
any Federal grants or contracts, or con-
tracts, grants, or payments originating with 
a foreign government, received during the 
past 36 months by the witness or by an enti-
ty represented by the witness and related to 
the subject matter of the hearing, and a dis-
closure of whether the witnesses is a fidu-
ciary (including, but not limited to, a direc-
tor, officer, advisor, or resident agent) of any 
organization or entity that has an interest in 
the subject matter of the hearing 
(B) The disclosure required by this rule 
shall include the amount and source of each 
Federal grant (or subgrant thereof) or con-
tract (or subcontract thereof) related to the 
subject matter of the hearing and the 
amount and country of origin of any pay-
ment, or contract related to the subject mat-
ter of the hearing originating with a foreign 
government. 
(c) Calling and Questioning Witnesses.— 
(1) Committee members may question wit-
nesses only when they have been recognized 
by the Chair of the Committee for that pur-
pose, and only for a 5-minute period until all 
members present have had an opportunity to 
question a witness. The questioning of wit-
nesses in Committee hearings shall be initi-
ated by the Chair, followed by the Ranking 
Minority Member and all other members al-
ternating between the majority and minor-
ity. Except as otherwise announced by the 
Chair at the beginning of a hearing, members 
who are present at the start of the hearing 
will be recognized before other members who 
arrive after the hearing has begun. In recog-
nizing members to question witnesses in this 
fashion, the Chair shall take into consider-
ation the ratio of the majority to minority 
members present and shall establish the 
order of recognition for questioning in such 
a manner as not to disadvantage the mem-
bers of the majority. 
(2) Notwithstanding the provisions of para-
graph (1) regarding the 5-minute rule, and 
pursuant to clause 2(j) of House rule XI, the 
Chair after consultation with the Ranking 
Minority Member, may permit a specified 
number of Committee members to question a 
witness for longer than 5 minutes. The time 
for extended questioning of a witness under 
this paragraph shall be equal for the major-
ity party and the minority party and may 
not exceed one hour in theaggregate. In no 
event shall the Chair allow a member to 
question a witness for an extended period 
under this rule until all members present 
have had the opportunity to ask questions 
under the 5-minute rule. The Chair after con-
sultation with the Ranking Minority Mem-
ber may permit Committee staff for its ma-
jority and minority party members to ques-
tion a witness for equal specified periods. 
The time for extended questioning of wit-
nesses by staff shall be equal for the major-
ity party and the minority party and may 
not exceed one hour in the aggregate. 
(3) Pursuant to clause 2(k) of House rule 
XI, the Chair at a hearing shall announce in 
an opening statement the subject of the 
hearing, and a copy of the committee rules 
and of clause 2 of House rule XI shall be 
made available to each witness on request. 
(A) Witnesses at hearings may be accom-
panied by their own counsel for the purpose 
of advising them concerning their constitu-
tional rights. The Chair may punish breaches 
of order and decorum, and of professional 
ethics on the part of counsel, by censure and 
exclusion from the hearings; and the Com-
mittee may cite the offender to the House 
for contempt. 
(B) Whenever it is asserted by a member of 
the Committee that the evidence or testi-
mony at a hearing may tend to defame, de-
grade, or incriminate any person, or it is as-
serted by a witness that the evidence or tes-
timony that the witness would give at a 
hearing may tend to defame, degrade, or in-
criminate the witness— 
(i) notwithstanding clause 2(g)(2) of House 
rule XI, such testimony or evidence shall be 
presented in executive session if, in the pres-
ence of the number of members required 
under Committee rule 4(a), the Committee 
determines by vote of a majority of those 
present that such evidence or testimony may 
tend to defame, degrade, or incriminate any 
person; and 
(ii) the Committee shall proceed to receive 
such testimony in open session only if the 
Committee, a majority being present, deter-
mines that such evidence or testimony will 
not tend to defame, degrade, or incriminate 
any person. 
In either case the Committee shall afford 
such person an opportunity voluntarily to 
appear as a witness, and receive and dispose 
of requests from such person to subpoena ad-
ditional witnesses. 
(C) Except as provided in subparagraph (B), 
the Chair shall receive and the Committee 
shall dispose of requests to subpoena addi-
tional witnesses. 
(D) Evidence or testimony taken in execu-
tive session, and proceedings conducted in 
executive session, may be released or used in 
public sessions only when authorized by the 
Committee, a majority being present. 
(E) In the discretion of the Committee, 
witnesses may submit brief and pertinent 
sworn statements in writing for inclusion in 
the record. The Committee is the sole judge 
of the pertinence of testimony and evidence 
adduced at its hearing. 
(F) A witness may obtain a transcript copy 
of the testimony of such witness given at a 
public session or, if given at an executive 
session, when authorized by the Committee. 
(4) Non-Committee members may be in-
vited to sit at the dais for and participate in 
Committee hearings with the unanimous 
consent of the members present. Further, 
nonCommittee members may be recognized 
for questioning of witnesses but only after 
all Committee members have first been rec-
ognized. 
(5) Pursuant to House rule XI clause 2(j)(l), 
when a hearing is conducted by the Com-
mittee on any measure or matter, the minor-
ity members of the Committee shall be enti-
tled, upon request to the Chair of a majority 
of those minority members before the com-
pletion of the hearing, to call witnesses se-
lected by the minority to testify with re-
spect to that measure or matter during at 
least one day of the hearing thereon. 
RULE 4—QUORUM AND RECORD VOTES; 
POSTPONEMENT OF PROCEEDINGS 
(a) Working Quorum.—A majority of the 
members of the Committee shall constitute 
a quorum for business, except that two mem-
bers shall constitute a quorum for the pur-
pose of taking testimony and receiving evi-
dence. 
(b) Quorum for Reporting.—No measure or 
recommendation shall be reported unless a 
majority of the members of the Committee 
or Subcommittee are present. 
(c) Record Votes.—A record vote may be de-
manded by one-fifth of the members present 
or, in the apparent absence of a quorum, by 
any one member. With respect to any record 
vote on any motion to amend or report, the 
total number of votes cast for and against, 
and the names of those members voting for 
and against, shall be included in the report 
of the Committee on the bill or resolution. 
(d) Prohibition Against Proxy Voting.—No 
vote by any member of the Committee with 
respect to any measure or matter may be 
cast by proxy. 
(e) Postponing Proceedings.—The Chair may 
postpone further proceedings when a record 
vote is ordered on the question of approving 
a measure or matter or on adopting an 
amendment; and may resume proceedings on 
a postponed question after reasonable notice. 
When proceedings resume on a postponed 
question, notwithstanding any intervening 
order for the previous question, an under-
lying proposition shall remain subject to fur-
ther debate or amendment to the same ex-
tent as when the question was postponed. 
RULE 5—SUBCOMMITTEES 
(a) Establishment and Jurisdiction— 
(1) There shall be five subcommittees of 
the Committee with jurisdictions as follows: 
(A) Subcommittee on Disability Assistance 
and Memorial Affairs, which shall have legis-
lative, oversight, and investigative jurisdic-
tion over compensation; general and special 
pensions of all the wars of the United States; 
life insurance issued by the Government on 
account of service in the Armed Forces; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:57 Feb 19, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00009
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A18FE7.011
H18FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 8-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H526 
February 18, 2021 
cemeteries of the United States in which vet-
erans of any war or conflict are or may be 
buried, whether in the United States or 
abroad, except cemeteries administered by 
the Secretary of the Interior; burial benefits; 
the Board of Veterans’ Appeals; and the 
United States Court of Appeals for Veterans 
Claims. 
(B) Subcommittee on Economic Oppor-
tunity, which shall have legislative, over-
sight, and investigative jurisdiction over 
education of veterans, employment and 
training of veterans, vocational rehabilita-
tion, veterans’ housing programs (including 
homeless veterans housing), transition of 
servicemembers to civilian life, veteran- 
owned 
business 
concerns, 
and 
servicemembers civil relief. 
(C) Subcommittee on Health, which shall 
have legislative, oversight, and investigative 
jurisdiction over the Veterans Health Ad-
ministration (VHA) including medical serv-
ices, community care, medical support and 
compliance, medical facilities, medical and 
prosthetic research, provision of healthcare 
to homeless veterans, and major and minor 
construction. 
(D) Subcommittee on Oversight and Inves-
tigations, which shall have oversight and in-
vestigative jurisdiction over veterans’ mat-
ters generally, information technology and 
procurement generally, and over such mat-
ters as may be referred to the Subcommittee 
by the Chair of the full Committee for its 
oversight or investigation and for its appro-
priate recommendations. The Subcommittee 
shall have legislative jurisdiction over such 
bills or resolutions as may be referred to it 
by the Chair of the full Committee. 
(E) Subcommittee on Technology Mod-
ernization, which shall have legislative, 
oversight and investigative jurisdiction over 
Department of Veterans Affairs’ enterprise 
technology 
modernization 
programs 
and 
projects, including the Electronic Health 
Record Modernization (EHRM) program, en-
terprise information technology governance, 
cybersecurity matters, and data manage-
ment. 
(2) Each subcommittee shall have responsi-
bility for such other measures or matters as 
the Chair refers to it. 
(b) Vacancies.—Any vacancy in the mem-
bership of a subcommittee shall not affect 
the power of the remaining members to exe-
cute the functions of that subcommittee. 
(c) Ratios.—On each subcommittee, there 
shall be a ratio of majority party members 
to minority party members, which shall be 
consistent with the ratio on the full Com-
mittee. 
(d) Referral to Subcommittees.—The Chair of 
the Committee may refer a measure or mat-
ter, which is within the general responsi-
bility of more than one of the subcommittees 
of the Committee, as the Chair deems appro-
priate. In referring any measure or matter to 
a subcommittee, the Chair of the Committee 
may specify a date by which the sub-
committee shall report thereon to the Com-
mittee. 
(e) Powers and Duties— 
(1) Each subcommittee is authorized to 
meet, hold hearings, receive evidence, and 
report to the full Committee on all matters 
referred to it or under its jurisdiction. Sub-
committee Chairs shall set dates for hear-
ings and meetings of their respective sub-
committees after consultation with the 
Chair of the Committee and other sub-
committee chairs with a view toward avoid-
ing simultaneous scheduling of Committee 
and subcommittee meetings or hearings 
whenever possible. 
(2) Whenever a subcommittee has ordered a 
bill, resolution, or other matter to be re-
ported to the Committee, the Chair of the 
subcommittee reporting the bill, resolution, 
or matter to the full Committee, or any 
member authorized by the subcommittee to 
do so, shall notify the Chair and the Ranking 
Minority Member of the Committee of the 
subcommittee’s action. 
(3) A member of the Committee who is not 
a member of a subcommittee may sit with 
the subcommittee during any of its meetings 
and hearings, but shall not have authority to 
vote, cannot be counted for a quorum, and 
cannot raise a point of order at the meeting 
or hearing. 
(4) The Chair and Ranking Minority Mem-
ber of the Committee shall be ex-officio 
members of each standing subcommittee to 
which the Chair or Ranking Minority Mem-
ber have not been assigned. Ex-officio mem-
bers shall have the right to fully participate 
in subcommittee activities but may not vote 
and may not be counted in establishing a 
quorum. 
(5) Non-Committee members may be in-
vited to sit at the dais for and participate in 
subcommittee hearings with the unanimous 
consent of all Members present. Further, 
nonCommittee members may be recognized 
for questioning of witnesses but only after 
all subcommittee members have first been 
recognized for questioning. 
(6) Each subcommittee shall provide the 
full Committee with copies of such record 
votes taken in subcommittee and such other 
records with respect to the subcommittee as 
the Chair of the Committee deems necessary 
for the Committee to comply with the House 
rules. 
RULE 6—GENERAL OVERSIGHT RESPONSIBILITY 
(a) Purpose.—Pursuant to House Rule X 
clause 2, the Committee shall carry out over-
sight responsibilities consistent with clause 
1(s) of House rule X and Committee rule 5. 
(b) Oversight Plan.—Not later than March 1 
of the first session of a Congress, the Chair 
shall prepare, in consultation with the Rank-
ing Minority Member, an oversight plan for 
that Congress; provide a copy of that plan to 
each member of the Committee for at least 
seven calendar days before its submission; 
and submit the plan (including any supple-
mental, minority, additional, or dissenting 
views submitted by a member of the Com-
mittee) to the Committee on Oversight and 
Reform and the Committee on House Admin-
istration, in accordance with House rule X 
clause 2(d). 
(c) Oversight by Subcommittees.—The exist-
ence and activities of the Subcommittee on 
Oversight and Investigations shall in no way 
limit the responsibility of the other sub-
committees of the Committee for carrying 
out oversight duties. 
(d) Pursuant to House rule XI clause 1(b), 
the Committee may conduct at any time 
such investigations and studies as it con-
siders necessary or appropriate in the exer-
cise of its responsibilities under rule X. 
RULE 7—BUDGET ACT RESPONSIBILITIES 
(a) Budget Act Responsibilities.—Pursuant to 
clause 4(f)(l) of Rule X of the Rules of the 
House, the Committee shall submit to the 
Committee on the Budget not later than six 
weeks after submission of the budget by the 
President, or at such time as the Committee 
on the Budget may request— 
(1) Its views and estimates with respect to 
all matters to be set forth in the concurrent 
resolution on the budget for the ensuing fis-
cal year that are within its jurisdiction or 
functions; and 
(2) An estimate of the total amounts of 
new budget authority, and budget outlays re-
sulting therefrom, to be provided or author-
ized in all bills and resolutions within its ju-
risdiction that it intends to be effective dur-
ing that fiscal year. 
RULE 8—RECORDS AND OTHER MATTERS 
(a) Transcripts.—There shall be a transcript 
made of each meeting and hearing of the 
Committee. Any such transcript shall be a 
substantially verbatim account of remarks 
actually made during the proceedings, sub-
ject only to technical, grammatical, and ty-
pographical corrections authorized by the 
person making the remarks involved. 
(b) Records.—The Committee shall keep a 
record of all Committee action. The record 
shall contain all information required by 
clause 2(e)(1) of Rule XI of the Rules of the 
House and shall be available for public in-
spection at reasonable times in the offices of 
the Committee. 
(2) There shall be kept in writing a record 
of the proceedings of the Committee, includ-
ing a record of the votes on any question on 
which a record vote is taken. The result of 
each such record vote shall be made publicly 
available by the Committee in electronic 
form within 48 hours of such record vote. In-
formation so available shall include a de-
scription of the amendment, motion, order, 
or other proposition, the name of each mem-
ber voting for and each member voting 
against such amendment, motion, order, or 
proposition, and the names of those members 
present but not voting. 
(c) Availability of Archived Records.—The 
records of the Committee at the National Ar-
chives and Records Administration shall be 
made available for public use in accordance 
with House rule VII. The Chair shall notify 
the Ranking Minority Member of any deci-
sion made by the Clerk of the House, pursu-
ant to clause 4 of House rule VII, to withhold 
a record otherwise available, and the matter 
shall be presented to the Committee for a 
vote on written request of any member of 
the Committee. 
(d) Availability of Amendments.—Not later 
than 24 hours after the adoption of any 
amendment, or 48 hours after the disposition 
or withdrawal of any other amendment, to a 
measure or matter considered by the Com-
mittee, the Chair shall cause the text of each 
such amendment to be made publicly avail-
able in electronic form on a repository oper-
ated by the House Clerk. 
(e) Availability of Publications.—Pursuant to 
clause 2(e)(4) of Rule XI of the Rules of the 
House, the Committee shall make its publi-
cations available in electronic form to the 
maximum extent feasible. 
RULE 9—TRAVEL 
(a) Requirements for Travel.—All requests 
for travel, funded by the Committee, for 
members and staff in connection with activi-
ties or subject matters under the general ju-
risdiction of the Committee, shall be sub-
mitted to the Chair for approval or dis-
approval. All travel requests should be sub-
mitted to the Chair at least five working 
days in advance of the proposed travel. For 
all travel funded by any other source, notice 
shall be given to the Chair at least five 
working days in advance of the proposed 
travel. All travel requests shall be submitted 
to the Chair in writing and include— 
(1) The purpose of the travel. 
(2) The dates during which the travel is to 
occur. 
(3) The names of the locations to be visited 
and the length of time to be spent in each. 
(4) The names of members and staff of the 
Committee for whom the authorization is 
sought. Travel by the minority shall be sub-
mitted to the Chair via the Ranking Mem-
ber. 
(b) Trip Reports.—Members and staff shall 
make a written report to the Chair within 15 
working days on all travel approved under 
this subsection. Reports shall include a de-
scription of their itinerary, expenses, and ac-
tivities, and pertinent information gained as 
a result of such travel. 
When travel involves majority and minor-
ity members or staff, the majority shall sub-
mit the report to the Chair on behalf of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:49 Feb 19, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00010
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A18FE7.012
H18FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 9-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H527 
February 18, 2021 
majority and minority. The minority may 
append additional remarks to the report at 
their discretion. 
(c) Applicability of House Rules.—Members 
and staff of the Committee performing au-
thorized travel on official business shall be 
governed by applicable laws, resolutions, and 
rules of the House and of the Committee on 
House Administration. 
RULE 10—FACILITY NAMING 
(a) Facility Naming.—No Department of 
Veterans Affairs (VA) facility or property 
shall be named after any individual by the 
Committee unless - 
(1) Such individual is deceased and was— 
(A) A veteran who (i) was instrumental in 
the construction or the operation of the fa-
cility to be named, or (ii) was a recipient of 
the Medal of Honor or, as determined by the 
Chair and Ranking Minority Member, other-
wise performed military service of an ex-
traordinarily distinguished character; 
(B) A member of the United States House 
of Representatives or Senate who had a di-
rect association with such facility; 
(C) An Administrator of Veterans’ Affairs, 
a Secretary of Veterans Affairs, a Secretary 
of Defense or of a service branch, or a mili-
tary or other Federal civilian official of com-
parable or higher rank; or 
(D) An individual who, as determined by 
the Chair and Ranking Minority Member, 
performed outstanding service for veterans. 
(2) Each member of the Congressional dele-
gation representing the State in which the 
designated facility is located must indicate 
in writing such member’s support of the pro-
posal to name such facility after such indi-
vidual. Evidence of a member’s support in 
writing may either be in the form of a letter 
to the Chair and Ranking Member or co- 
sponsorship of legislation proposing to name 
the particular VA facility in question. 
(3) The pertinent State department or 
chapter of each Congressionally chartered 
veterans’ organization having a national 
membership of at least 500,000 must indicate 
in writing its support of such proposal. 
(b) The above criteria for naming a VA fa-
cility may be waived by unanimous consent. 
RULE 11—MEDIA COVERAGE 
(a) Media Coverage.—Any meeting of the 
Committee that is open to the public shall be 
open to coverage by radio, television, and 
still photography in accordance with the 
provisions of clause 4(f) of House rule XI as 
follows: 
(1) If audio or visual coverage of the hear-
ing or meeting is to be presented to the pub-
lic as live coverage, that coverage shall be 
conducted and presented without commer-
cial sponsorship. 
(2) The allocation among the television 
media of the positions or the number of tele-
vision cameras permitted by a Committee 
Chair in a hearing or meeting room shall be 
in accordance with fair and equitable proce-
dures devised by the Executive Committee of 
the Radio and Television Correspondents’ 
Galleries. 
(3) Television cameras shall be placed so as 
not to obstruct in any way the space between 
a witness giving evidence or testimony and 
any member of the Committee or the visi-
bility of that witness and that member to 
each other. 
(4) Television cameras shall operate from 
fixed positions but may not be placed in posi-
tions that obstruct unnecessarily the cov-
erage of the hearing or meeting by the other 
media. 
(5) Equipment necessary for coverage by 
the television and radio media may not be 
installed in, or removed from, the hearing or 
meeting room while the Committee is in ses-
sion. 
(6)(A) Except as provided in subdivision 
(B), floodlights, spotlights, strobe lights, and 
flashguns may not be used in providing any 
method of coverage of the hearing or meet-
ing. 
(B) The television media may install addi-
tional lighting in a hearing or meeting room, 
without cost to the Government, in order to 
raise the ambient lighting level in a hearing 
or meeting room to the lowest level nec-
essary to provide adequate television cov-
erage of a hearing or meeting at the current 
state of the art of television coverage. 
(7) If requests are made by more of the 
media than will be permitted by the Com-
mittee Chair for coverage of a hearing or 
meeting by still photography, that coverage 
shall be permitted on the basis of a fair and 
equitable pool arrangement devised by the 
Standing Committee of Press Photographers. 
(8) Photographers may not position them-
selves between the witness table and the 
members of the Committee at any time dur-
ing the course of a hearing or meeting. 
(9) Photographers may not place them-
selves in positions that obstruct unneces-
sarily the coverage of the hearing by the 
other media. 
(10) Personnel providing coverage by the 
television and radio media shall be currently 
accredited to the Radio and Television Cor-
respondents’ Galleries. 
(11) Personnel providing coverage by still 
photography shall be currently accredited to 
the Press Photographers’ Gallery. 
(12) Personnel providing coverage by the 
television and radio media and by still pho-
tography shall conduct themselves and their 
coverage activities in an orderly and unob-
trusive manner. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
The SPEAKER. Pursuant to section 
5(a)(1)(B) of House Resolution 8, the 
House stands adjourned until 11:30 a.m. 
on Monday, February 22, 2021. 
Thereupon (at 12 o’clock and 34 min-
utes p.m.), under its previous order, the 
House adjourned until Monday, Feb-
ruary 22, 2021, at 11:30 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the 
Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
EC-270. A letter from the Assistant Legal 
Advisor, Office of Treaty Affairs, Depart-
ment of State, transmitting a report con-
cerning international agreements other than 
treaties entered into by the United States to 
be transmitted to the Congress within the 
sixty-day period specified in the Case-Za-
blocki Act, pursuant to 1 U.S.C. 112b(a); Pub-
lic Law 92-403, Sec. 1(a) (as amended by Pub-
lic Law 108-458, Sec. 7121(b)); (118 Stat. 3807); 
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
EC-271. A letter from the Assistant Legal 
Advisor, Office of Treaty Affairs, Depart-
ment of State, transmitting a report con-
cerning international agreements other than 
treaties entered into by the United States to 
be transmitted to the Congress within the 
sixty-day period specified in the Case-Za-
blocki Act, pursuant to 1 U.S.C. 112b(a); Pub-
lic Law 92-403, Sec. 1(a) (as amended by Pub-
lic Law 108-458, Sec. 7121(b)); (118 Stat. 3807); 
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
EC-272. A letter from the Director, Office 
of Financial Reporting and Policy, Depart-
ment of Commerce, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s Agency Financial Report for fiscal 
year 2020, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); 
Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended 
by Public Law 107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 
2049); to the Committee on Oversight and Re-
form. 
EC-273. A letter from the Officer for Civil 
Rights and Civil Liberties, Department of 
Homeland Security, transmitting the De-
partment’s Office for Civil Rights and Civil 
Liberties Semiannual Report to Congress for 
First and Second Quarters FY 2020, pursuant 
to 6 U.S.C. 345(b); Public Law 107-296, Sec. 
705; (116 Stat. 2219) and 42 U.S.C. 2000ee- 
3(c)(1); Public Law 110-53, Sec. 804(c)(1); (121 
Stat. 363); to the Committee on Oversight 
and Reform. 
EC-274. A letter from the Officer for Civil 
Rights and Civil Liberties, Department of 
Homeland Security, transmitting the De-
partment’s Office for Civil Rights and Civil 
Liberties Semiannual Report to Congress for 
Third and Fourth Quarters FY 2019, pursuant 
to 6 U.S.C. 345(b); Public Law 107-296, Sec. 
705; (116 Stat. 2219) and 42 U.S.C. 2000ee- 
3(c)(1); Public Law 110-53, Sec. 804(c)(1); (121 
Stat. 363); to the Committee on Oversight 
and Reform. 
EC-275. A letter from the Secretary, De-
partment of the Treasury, transmitting the 
Department’s Agency Financial Report for 
fiscal year 2020, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 
3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) 
(as amended by Public Law 107-289, Sec. 2(a)); 
(116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on Over-
sight and Reform. 
EC-276. A letter from the Director, Con-
gressional Affairs, Federal Election Commis-
sion, transmitting the Commission’s Inspec-
tor General’s Semiannual Report to Congress 
Covering April 1, 2020, through September 30, 
2020; to the Committee on Oversight and Re-
form. 
EC-277. A letter from the Assistant Sec-
retary of the Army (Civil Works) and Assist-
ant Secretary for Water and Science (Inte-
rior), Department of Defense and the Depart-
ment of the Interior, transmitting the 2020 
report on the restoration of America’s Ever-
glades, pursuant to Public Law 106-541, Sec. 
601(l); (114 Stat. 2692); to the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC-278. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Sikorsky Aircraft Corporation Heli-
copters [Docket No.: FAA-2020-0212; Product 
Identifier 2018-SW-097-AD; Amendment 39- 
21180; AD 2020-15-17] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received 
February 2, 2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure. 
EC-279. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Pilatus Aircraft Ltd. Airplanes [Dock-
et No.: FAA-2019-0536; Product Identifier 
2018-CE-054-AD; 
Amendment 
39-21186; 
AD 
2020-16-02] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Feb-
ruary 
2, 
2021, 
pursuant 
to 
5 
U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure. 
EC-280. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Airbus SAS Airplanes [Docket No.: 
FAA-2020-0672; Project Identifier MCAI-2020- 
01008-T; Amendment 39-21185; AD 2020-16-01] 
(RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 2, 2021, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture. 
EC-281. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:49 Feb 19, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00011
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A18FE7.014
H18FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 10-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H528 
February 18, 2021 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Airbus Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA- 
2018-0893; Product Identifier 2018-SW-032-AD; 
Amendment 39-21319; AD 2020-23-03] (RIN: 
2120-AA64) received February 2, 2021, pursu-
ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 
121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee 
on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC-282. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Airbus SAS Airplanes [Docket No.: 
FAA-2020-0788; Product Identifier 2020-NM- 
091-AD; Amendment 39-21327; AD 2020-23-11] 
(RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 2, 2021, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture. 
EC-283. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class D 
and Class E Airspace; Fallon, NV [Docket 
No.: FAA-2020-0741; Airspace Docket No.: 19- 
AWP-79] (RIN: 2120-AA66) received February 
2, 2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Pub-
lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure. 
EC-284. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class E 
Airspace; Norway, ME [Docket No.: FAA- 
2020-0669; Airspace Docket No.: 20-ANE-2] 
(RIN: 2120-AA66) received February 2, 2021, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture. 
EC-285. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; the Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-
et No.: FAA-2020-0779; Product Identifier 
2020-NM-092-AD; Amendment 39-21311; AD 
2020-22-15] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Feb-
ruary 
2, 
2021, 
pursuant 
to 
5 
U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure. 
EC-286. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Airbus SAS Airplanes [Docket No.: 
FAA-2020-0464; Product Identifier 2020-NM- 
040-AD; Amendment 39-21307; AD 2020-22-11] 
(RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 2, 2021, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture. 
EC-287. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation 
Airplanes 
[Docket 
No.: 
FAA-2020-0898; 
Project Identifier AD-2020-01284-T; Amend-
ment 39-21320; AD 2020-23-04] (RIN: 2120-AA64) 
received February 2, 2021, pursuant to 5 
U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC-288. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Pilatus Aircraft Ltd. Airplanes [Dock-
et No.: FAA-2020-0719; Project Identifier 2019- 
CE-041-AD; Amendment 39-21313; AD 2020-22- 
17] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 2, 
2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public 
Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure. 
EC-289. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Airbus Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA- 
2019-1019; Product Identifier 2018-SW-011-AD; 
Amendment 39-21264; AD 2020-20-08] (RIN: 
2120-AA64) received February 2, 2021, pursu-
ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 
121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee 
on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC-290. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Airbus SAS Airplanes [Docket No.: 
FAA-2020-0590; Product Identifier 2020-NM- 
055-AD; Amendment 39-21312; AD 2020-22-16] 
(RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 2, 2021, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture. 
EC-291. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Austro Engine GmbH Engines [Docket 
No.: FAA-2019-0664; Project Identifier 2018- 
NE-03-AD; Amendment 39-21310; AD 2020-22- 
14] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 2, 
2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public 
Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure. 
EC-292. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Airbus SAS Airplanes [Docket No.: 
FAA-2020-0968; Project Identifier MCAI-2020- 
00974-T; Amendment 39-21304; AD 2020-22-08] 
(RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 2, 2021, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture. 
EC-293. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Airbus Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA- 
2020-0462; Product Identifier 2019-SW-021-AD; 
Amendment 39-21309; AD 2020-22-13] (RIN: 
2120-AA64) received February 2, 2021, pursu-
ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 
121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee 
on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC-294. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Pacific Aerospace Limited Airplanes 
[Docket No.: FAA-2018-0842; Product Identi-
fier 2018-CE-025-AD; Amendment 39-21205; AD 
2020-16-20] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Feb-
ruary 
2, 
2021, 
pursuant 
to 
5 
U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure. 
EC-295. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Pacific Aerospace Limited Airplanes 
[Docket No.: FAA-2020-0743; Project Identi-
fier MCAI-2020-00728-A; Amendment 39-21200; 
AD 2020-16-16] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Feb-
ruary 
2, 
2021, 
pursuant 
to 
5 
U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure. 
EC-296. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Airbus Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA- 
2018-0994; Product Identifier 2017-SW-002-AD; 
Amendment 39-21216; AD 2020-17-11] (RIN: 
2120-AA64) received February 2, 2021, pursu-
ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 
121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee 
on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC-297. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airspace Designations; 
Incorporation by Reference [Docket No.: 
FAA-2020-0702; Amendment No.: 71-52] (RIN: 
2120-AA66) received February 2, 2021, pursu-
ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 
121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee 
on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC-298. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class E 
Airspace; Killdeer and New Town, ND [Dock-
et No.: FAA-2020-0110; Airspace Docket No.: 
20-AGL-5] (RIN: 2120-AA66) received Feb-
ruary 
2, 
2021, 
pursuant 
to 
5 
U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure. 
EC-299. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Amendment of Area 
Navigation 
(RNAV) 
Route 
T-354; 
Northcentral United States [Docket No.: 
FAA-2020-0294; Airspace Docket No.: 20-AGL- 
8] (RIN: 2120-AA66) received February 2, 2021, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture. 
EC-300. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Amendment and Estab-
lishment of Area Navigation (RNAV) Routes; 
Northeastern United States [Docket No.: 
FAA-2020-0186; Airspace Docket No.: 19-ANE- 
5] (RIN: 2120-AA66) received February 2, 2021, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture. 
EC-301. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Amendment, Establish-
ment, and Revocation of Multiple Air Traffic 
Service (ATS) Routes in the Vicinity of 
Waukon, IA [Docket No.: FAA-2020-0004; Air-
space Docket No.: 19-AGL-16] (RIN: 2120- 
AA66) received February 2, 2021, pursuant to 
5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC-302. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Amendment of V-55, V- 
271, T-217, and T-265, and Revocation of V-215 
and V-450 in the Vicinity of Muskegon, MI 
[Docket No.: FAA-2020-0189; Airspace Docket 
No.: 19-AGL-2] (RIN: 2120-AA66) received Feb-
ruary 
2, 
2021, 
pursuant 
to 
5 
U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure. 
EC-303. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-
proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums 
and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-
cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31325; 
Amdt. No.: 3917] received February 2, 2021, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:57 Feb 19, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00012
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\L18FE7.000
H18FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 11-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H529 
February 18, 2021 
EC-304. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-
proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums 
and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-
cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31326; 
Amdt. No.: 3918] received February 2, 2021, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture. 
EC-305. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-
proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums 
and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-
cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31339; 
Amdt. No.: 3929] received February 2, 2021, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture. 
EC-306. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-
proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums 
and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-
cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31340; 
Amdt. No.: 3930] received February 2, 2021, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture. 
EC-307. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-
proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums 
and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-
cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31338; 
Amdt. No.: 3928] received February 2, 2021, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture. 
EC-308. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Airbus SAS Airplanes [Docket No.: 
FAA-2020-0201; Product Identifier 2020-NM- 
007-AD; Amendment 39-21208; AD 2020-17-03] 
(RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 2, 2021, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture. 
EC-309. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Robinson Helicopter Company [Docket 
No.: FAA-2020-0786; Product Identifier 2020- 
00914-R; Amendment 39-21229; AD 2020-18-08] 
(RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 2, 2021, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture. 
EC-310. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Airbus SAS Airplanes [Docket No.: 
FAA-2020-0106; Product Identifier 2020-NM- 
005-AD; Amendment 39-21184; AD 2020-15-21] 
(RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 2, 2021, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture. 
EC-311. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-
et No.: FAA-2020-0107; Product Identifier 
2019-NM-205-AD; Amendment 39-21209; AD 
2020-17-04] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Feb-
ruary 
2, 
2021, 
pursuant 
to 
5 
U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure. 
EC-312. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-
et No.: FAA-2020-0690; Product Identifier 
2020-00860-T; Amendment 39-21207; AD 2020-17- 
02] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 2, 
2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public 
Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure. 
EC-313. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Piper Aircraft, Inc., Airplanes [Docket 
No.: FAA-2017-1059; Product Identifier 2017- 
CE-035-AD; Amendment 39-21335; AD 2020-24- 
05] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 2, 
2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public 
Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure. 
EC-314. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; GA8 Airvan (Pty) Ltd Airplanes [Dock-
et No.: FAA-2019-0615; Product Identifier 
2018-CE-053-AD; 
Amendment 
39-21214; 
AD 
2020-17-09] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Feb-
ruary 
2, 
2021, 
pursuant 
to 
5 
U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure. 
EC-315. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Dassault Aviation Airplanes [Docket 
No.: FAA-2020-0777; Product Identifier MACI- 
2020- 01071-T; Amendment 39-21217; AD 2020- 
17-12] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 2, 
2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public 
Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure. 
EC-316. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Airbus SAS Airplanes [Docket No.: 
FAA-2020-0688; Product Identifier MACI-2020- 
00901-T; Amendment 39-21206; AD 2020-17-01] 
(RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 2, 2021, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture. 
EC-317. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Airbus SAS Airplanes [Docket No.: 
FAA-2020-0682; Product Identifier 2020-NM- 
090-AD; Amendment 39-21202; AD 2020-16-18] 
(RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 2, 2021, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following 
titles were introduced and severally re-
ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself, Mr. 
POCAN, Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY 
of New York, Mr. TAKANO, Ms. CRAIG, 
Ms. DAVIDS of Kansas, Mr. PAPPAS, 
Mr. JONES, Mr. TORRES of New York, 
Mr. NADLER, Ms. PELOSI, Mr. HOYER, 
Mr. 
CLYBURN, 
Ms. 
ADAMS, 
Mr. 
AGUILAR, 
Mr. 
ALLRED, 
Mr. 
AUCHINCLOSS, 
Mrs. 
AXNE, 
Ms. 
BARRAGA´ N, Ms. BASS, Mrs. BEATTY, 
Mr. BERA, Mr. BEYER, Mr. BISHOP of 
Georgia, Mr. BLUMENAUER, Ms. BLUNT 
ROCHESTER, 
Ms. 
BONAMICI, 
Ms. 
BOURDEAUX, Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE 
of Pennsylvania, Mr. BROWN, Ms. 
BROWNLEY, Ms. BUSH, Mrs. BUSTOS, 
Mr. CARBAJAL, Mr. CA´ RDENAS, Mr. 
CARSON, Mr. CARTWRIGHT, Mr. CASE, 
Mr. CASTEN, Ms. CASTOR of Florida, 
Mr. CASTRO of Texas, Ms. CHU, Ms. 
CLARK of Massachusetts, Ms. CLARKE 
of New York, Mr. CLEAVER, Mr. 
COHEN, Mr. CONNOLLY, Mr. COOPER, 
Mr. CORREA, Mr. COSTA, Mr. COURT-
NEY, 
Mr. 
CRIST, 
Mr. 
CROW, 
Mr. 
CUELLAR, Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illi-
nois, Ms. DEAN, Mr. DEFAZIO, Ms. 
DEGETTE, 
Ms. 
DELAURO, 
Ms. 
DELBENE, 
Mr. 
DELGADO, 
Mrs. 
DEMINGS, 
Mr. 
DESAULNIER, 
Mr. 
DEUTCH, Mrs. DINGELL, Mr. DOGGETT, 
Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsyl-
vania, Ms. ESCOBAR, Ms. ESHOO, Mr. 
ESPAILLAT, Mr. EVANS, Mrs. FLETCH-
ER, Mr. FOSTER, Ms. LOIS FRANKEL of 
Florida, 
Mr. 
GALLEGO, 
Mr. 
GARAMENDI, Ms. GARCIA of Texas, Mr. 
GOLDEN, Mr. GOMEZ, Mr. GOTTHEIMER, 
Mr. GREEN of Texas, Mr. GRIJALVA, 
Ms. HAALAND, Mr. HARDER of Cali-
fornia, Mr. HASTINGS, Mrs. HAYES, 
Mr. HIGGINS of New York, Mr. HIMES, 
Mr. HORSFORD, Ms. HOULAHAN, Mr. 
HUFFMAN, Ms. JACKSON LEE, Ms. JA-
COBS of California, Ms. JAYAPAL, Mr. 
JEFFRIES, Ms. JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. 
JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. KAHELE, Ms. 
KAPTUR, Mr. KEATING, Ms. KELLY of 
Illinois, Mr. KHANNA, Mr. KILDEE, Mr. 
KILMER, Mr. KIM of New Jersey, Mr. 
KIND, 
Mrs. 
KIRKPATRICK, 
Mr. 
KRISHNAMOORTHI, Ms. KUSTER, Mr. 
LAMB, Mr. LANGEVIN, Mr. LARSEN of 
Washington, Mr. LARSON
of Con-
necticut, 
Mrs. 
LAWRENCE, 
Mr. 
LAWSON of Florida, Ms. LEE of Cali-
fornia, Mrs. LEE
of Nevada, Ms. 
LEGER
FERNANDEZ, Mr. LEVIN
of 
Michigan, Mr. LEVIN of California, 
Mr. 
LIEU, 
Ms. 
LOFGREN, 
Mr. 
LOWENTHAL, Mrs. LURIA, Mr. LYNCH, 
Mr. MALINOWSKI, Mrs. CAROLYN
B. 
MALONEY of New York, Ms. MANNING, 
Ms. 
MATSUI, 
Mrs. 
MCBATH, 
Ms. 
MCCOLLUM, 
Mr. 
MCEACHIN, 
Mr. 
MCGOVERN, 
Mr. 
MCNERNEY, 
Mr. 
MEEKS, Ms. MENG, Ms. MOORE of Wis-
consin, Mr. MORELLE, Mr. MOULTON, 
Mr. MRVAN, Mrs. MURPHY of Florida, 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO, Mr. NEAL, Mr. 
NEGUSE, Ms. NEWMAN, Mr. NORCROSS, 
Ms. NORTON, Mr. O’HALLERAN, Ms. 
OCASIO-CORTEZ, Ms. OMAR, Mr. PAL-
LONE, Mr. PANETTA, Mr. PASCRELL, 
Mr. PAYNE, Mr. PERLMUTTER, Mr. 
PETERS, Mr. PHILLIPS, Ms. PINGREE, 
Ms. PORTER, Ms. PRESSLEY, Mr. PRICE 
of North Carolina, Mr. QUIGLEY, Mr. 
RASKIN, Miss RICE of New York, Ms. 
ROSS, Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD, Mr. RUIZ, 
Mr. RUPPERSBERGER, Mr. RUSH, Mr. 
RYAN, Mr. SABLAN, Mr. SAN NICOLAS, 
Ms. SA´ NCHEZ, Mr. SARBANES, Ms. 
SCANLON, 
Ms. 
SCHAKOWSKY, 
Mr. 
SCHIFF, Mr. SCHNEIDER, Mr. SCHRA-
DER, Ms. SCHRIER, Mr. SCOTT of Vir-
ginia, Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, 
Ms. 
SEWELL, 
Mr. 
SHERMAN, 
Ms. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:57 Feb 19, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00013
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\L18FE7.000
H18FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 12-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H530 
February 18, 2021 
SHERRILL, Mr. SIRES, Ms. SLOTKIN, 
Mr. SMITH of Washington, Mr. SOTO, 
Ms. SPANBERGER, Ms. SPEIER, Mr. 
STANTON, Ms. STEVENS, Ms. STRICK-
LAND, Mr. SUOZZI, Mr. SWALWELL, Mr. 
THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. THOMP-
SON
of California, Ms. TITUS, Ms. 
TLAIB, Mr. TONKO, Mrs. TORRES of 
California, Mrs. TRAHAN, Mr. TRONE, 
Ms. UNDERWOOD, Mr. VARGAS, Mr. 
VEASEY, Mr. VELA, Ms. VELA´ ZQUEZ, 
Ms. 
WASSERMAN
SCHULTZ, 
Ms. 
WATERS, Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN, Mr. 
WELCH, Ms. WEXTON, Ms. WILD, Ms. 
WILLIAMS of Georgia, Ms. WILSON of 
Florida, 
Mr. 
YARMUTH, 
Ms. 
PLASKETT, Mr. GARCI´A of Illinois, Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD, Mr. MFUME, Mr. BOW-
MAN, and Ms. FUDGE): 
H.R. 5. A bill to prohibit discrimination on 
the basis of sex, gender identity, and sexual 
orientation, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition 
to the Committees on Education and Labor, 
Financial Services, Oversight and Reform, 
and House Administration, for a period to be 
subsequently determined by the Speaker, in 
each case for consideration of such provi-
sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
By 
Ms. 
PELOSI 
(for 
herself, 
Mr. 
MCCARTHY, Mr. HOYER, Mr. CLYBURN, 
Ms. CLARK
of Massachusetts, Mr. 
JEFFRIES, Mr. AGUILAR, Mr. SCALISE, 
Ms. 
CHENEY, 
Ms. 
KUSTER, 
Mr. 
TAKANO, Mrs. BUSTOS, Mr. SUOZZI, 
Mr. 
NEGUSE, 
Mrs. 
DINGELL, 
Mr. 
WELCH, Mr. PETERS, Mrs. NAPOLI-
TANO, Mr. CARBAJAL, Mr. MORELLE, 
Mr. PAYNE, Mr. TONKO, Mr. KILDEE, 
Mr. HUFFMAN, Mr. CONNOLLY, Mr. 
NADLER, Ms. NORTON, Ms. ESHOO, Ms. 
SCANLON, Mr. BEYER, Mr. PASCRELL, 
Mr. THOMPSON
of California, Mr. 
THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. TORRES 
of New York, Mr. MCNERNEY, Mr. 
HASTINGS, Mr. HIGGINS of New York, 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD, Mrs. TRAHAN, 
Mr. COHEN, Ms. KAPTUR, Mr. SAR-
BANES, Mr. DEUTCH, Ms. DELBENE, 
Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois, Mrs. 
DEMINGS, Mr. BROWN, Ms. WILD, Mr. 
PHILLIPS, 
Mr. 
LOWENTHAL, 
Ms. 
ESCOBAR, 
Mr. 
SWALWELL, 
Mr. 
ESPAILLAT, 
Mrs. 
FLETCHER, 
Mr. 
MFUME, Ms. MCCOLLUM, Mr. PAL-
LONE, Mr. VEASEY, Mr. PERLMUTTER, 
Mr. AUCHINCLOSS, Mr. KILMER, Mrs. 
LEE
of Nevada, Mr. COOPER, Mrs. 
BEATTY, Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN, Ms. 
JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. POCAN, Mr. 
SAN
NICOLAS, 
Ms. 
WASSERMAN 
SCHULTZ, Mr. CROW, Mr. RUPPERS-
BERGER, Mrs. HAYES, Ms. HAALAND, 
Ms. STEVENS, Ms. MENG, Mr. RUSH, 
Mr. MCGOVERN, Mr. PANETTA, Mr. 
QUIGLEY, Mr. MEEKS, Mr. BRENDAN F. 
BOYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. DOGGETT, 
Mr. GOTTHEIMER, Ms. BONAMICI, Ms. 
UNDERWOOD, Ms. LOIS
FRANKEL
of 
Florida, Mr. GOLDEN, Ms. MOORE of 
Wisconsin, Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Geor-
gia, Mr. GRIJALVA, Mr. SCHIFF, Mr. 
CARSON, Mrs. TORRES of California, 
Mrs. 
AXNE, 
Mr. 
HIMES, 
Mr. 
GARAMENDI, Ms. LEGER FERNANDEZ, 
Mr. EVANS, Mr. ALLRED, Mr. VELA, 
Mr. O’HALLERAN, Mr. BLUMENAUER, 
Ms. PINGREE, Ms. ROSS, Ms. WILLIAMS 
of Georgia, Mr. DESAULNIER, Mr. 
SOTO, Mr. CASE, Mr. LANGEVIN, Mr. 
STANTON, Mr. SMITH of Washington, 
Mr. LARSON of Connecticut, Mr. SEAN 
PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. 
SIRES, Ms. MANNING, Mr. COSTA, Mr. 
MCCAUL, Mr. HORSFORD, Mr. NOR-
CROSS, Ms. STRICKLAND, Mrs. LAW-
RENCE, Ms. JACOBS of California, Mr. 
GIBBS, Ms. CASTOR of Florida, Ms. 
NEWMAN, Mr. RYAN, Ms. VELA´ ZQUEZ, 
Mr. SABLAN, Mr. GOMEZ, Mr. CREN-
SHAW, Ms. LEE
of California, Ms. 
BROWNLEY, 
Ms. 
HOULAHAN, 
Mr. 
COURTNEY, Mr. SMUCKER, Mr. NEAL, 
Mr. RASKIN, Mr. LEVIN of California, 
Mr. COMER, Ms. SPEIER, Mr. JOYCE of 
Pennsylvania, 
Mr. 
KHANNA, 
Mr. 
CORREA, 
Mr. 
SCHNEIDER, 
Mr. 
MOOLENAAR, 
Ms. 
BASS, 
Mr. 
ARRINGTON, Mr. HILL, Mr. RUIZ, Mr. 
MALINOWSKI, 
Ms. 
DEGETTE, 
Ms. 
TITUS, Ms. KELLY
of Illinois, Ms. 
SHERRILL, Ms. MATSUI, Mr. BISHOP of 
Georgia, Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, Mr. 
DEFAZIO, 
Ms. 
LOFGREN, 
Mr. 
BALDERSON, Mr. HARDER
of Cali-
fornia, Mr. WOMACK, Mr. MOORE of 
Utah, Mrs. LURIA, Mr. JOYCE of Ohio, 
Mr. PAPPAS, Ms. MALLIOTAKIS, Mr. 
PRICE of North Carolina, Mr. SCHRA-
DER, Mr. KUSTOFF, Ms. SCHRIER, Mr. 
LIEU, Miss GONZA´ LEZ-COLO´ N, Mr. FOR-
TENBERRY, Mr. KINZINGER, Ms. SCHA-
KOWSKY, Mr. NORMAN, Mr. JOHNSON of 
Ohio, Mr. WESTERMAN, Mr. GONZALEZ 
of Ohio, Mr. STIVERS, Mr. LUCAS, Mr. 
HUIZENGA, Mr. TONY
GONZALES
of 
Texas, 
Ms. 
BOURDEAUX, 
Mrs. 
RADEWAGEN, Mr. PENCE, Mr. SIMPSON, 
Mr. VALADAO, Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE 
of Pennsylvania, Mr. JACOBS of New 
York, Mrs. STEEL, Mrs. HINSON, Mr. 
FALLON, Mr. TURNER, Ms. WEXTON, 
Mr. LAMB, Mr. FITZPATRICK, Mr. TAY-
LOR, 
Mrs. 
MILLER-MEEKS, 
Mr. 
ROUZER, Mr. MCKINLEY, Mr. ARM-
STRONG, Mr. BAIRD, Mr. BURCHETT, 
Mr. KELLER, Mr. GARBARINO, Mr. 
MOORE of Alabama, Mr. REED, Mrs. 
MILLER of West Virginia, Ms. BLUNT 
ROCHESTER, 
Mr. 
TIMMONS, 
Mr. 
LUETKEMEYER, Mr. LEVIN of Michi-
gan, Mr. SESSIONS, Mr. CICILLINE, Mr. 
DIAZ-BALART, Mr. MEUSER, Mr. WIL-
SON of South Carolina, Ms. HERRERA 
BEUTLER, Mrs. MURPHY of Florida, 
Ms. PLASKETT, Mr. JOHNSON of Geor-
gia, Mr. AMODEI, Mr. BRADY, Mr. 
FEENSTRA, Miss RICE of New York, 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD, Mr. EMMER, Mr. 
NEHLS, Mr. CRIST, Mr. CARTER
of 
Georgia, Mr. DELGADO, Ms. GRANGER, 
Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana, Mr. MANN, 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
MCCLINTOCK, Mrs. KIM of California, 
Mr. GUEST, Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illi-
nois, Ms. WILSON of Florida, Mr. JOR-
DAN, Ms. BARRAGA´ N, Mr. KAHELE, Mr. 
VARGAS, Mrs. BICE of Oklahoma, Mr. 
CARTWRIGHT, Ms. CLARKE
of New 
York, Mr. KELLY
of Pennsylvania, 
Ms. DEAN, Mr. WALTZ, Mr. JOHNSON of 
Louisiana, Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI, Mr. 
CA´ RDENAS, Ms. SLOTKIN, Mr. LYNCH, 
Mrs. MCBATH, Mr. KIM of New Jersey, 
Mr. FOSTER, and Mr. OBERNOLTE): 
H.R. 1085. A bill to award three congres-
sional gold medals to the United States Cap-
itol Police and those who protected the U.S. 
Capitol on January 6, 2021; to the Committee 
on Financial Services, and in addition to the 
Committee on House Administration, for a 
period to be subsequently determined by the 
Speaker, in each case for consideration of 
such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-
tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. NORMAN (for himself and Mr. 
BUDD): 
H.R. 1086. A bill to prohibit the consider-
ation in the House of Representatives of any 
legislation containing an earmark; to the 
Committee on Rules. 
By Mr. FOSTER (for himself, Ms. SCHA-
KOWSKY, Mr. PHILLIPS, Mr. DEFAZIO, 
Ms. NORTON, Ms. VELA´ ZQUEZ, Mr. 
RASKIN, Mr. CROW, Mr. WELCH, Mr. 
CARBAJAL, and Ms. MENG): 
H.R. 1087. A bill to amend the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 to require reporting of 
certain expenditures for political activities, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Financial Services. 
By Mr. AGUILAR: 
H.R. 1088. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Defense to implement certain recommenda-
tions regarding screening individuals who 
seek to enlist in the Armed Forces; to the 
Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. BALDERSON (for himself, Mr. 
GIBBS, and Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana): 
H.R. 1089. A bill to establish a program to 
provide grants to eligible entities to deploy, 
install, and operate advanced transportation 
technologies, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure. 
By Mr. BANKS: 
H.R. 1090. A bill to require software mar-
ketplace operators and developers of covered 
foreign software to provide to consumers a 
warning prior to the download of such soft-
ware, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. BANKS: 
H.R. 1091. A bill to create a task force 
within the Department of Education to ad-
dress the threat of foreign government influ-
ence and threats to academic research integ-
rity on college campuses, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Education and 
Labor, and in addition to the Committees on 
Intelligence 
(Permanent 
Select), 
Armed 
Services, and Science, Space, and Tech-
nology, for a period to be subsequently deter-
mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-
sideration of such provisions as fall within 
the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BANKS: 
H.R. 1092. A bill to place temporary restric-
tions on acquisitions by the People’s Repub-
lic of China, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Financial Services, and in ad-
dition to the Committees on Energy and 
Commerce, and Foreign Affairs, for a period 
to be subsequently determined by the Speak-
er, in each case for consideration of such pro-
visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
By Mr. BANKS: 
H.R. 1093. A bill to prohibit financial in-
vestment by a United States person in for-
eign industrial defense corporations with 
substantial contracts with, ties to, or sup-
port from, the Chinese military and affili-
ated entities, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Financial Services, and in ad-
dition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, 
for a period to be subsequently determined 
by the Speaker, in each case for consider-
ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-
risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BANKS: 
H.R. 1094. A bill to amend the Intelligence 
Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 
to prohibit individuals with security clear-
ances from being employed by certain enti-
ties; to the Committee on Oversight and Re-
form, and in addition to the Committee on 
Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a period 
to be subsequently determined by the Speak-
er, in each case for consideration of such pro-
visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
By Ms. BARRAGA´ N (for herself, Mr. 
GARAMENDI, Mrs. NAPOLITANO, Mr. 
HUFFMAN, Mr. DESAULNIER, Ms. LEE 
of California, Ms. SPEIER, Mr. COSTA, 
Mr. 
KHANNA, 
Ms. 
ESHOO, 
Ms. 
BROWNLEY, 
Mr. 
SHERMAN, 
Mr. 
AGUILAR, Mr. LIEU, Ms. ROYBAL- 
ALLARD, Mr. TAKANO, Ms. PORTER, 
Mr. LOWENTHAL, Mr. VARGAS, Mr. 
PETERS, Mr. THOMPSON of California, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:57 Feb 19, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00014
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\L18FE7.100
H18FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 13-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H531 
February 18, 2021 
Mr. MCNERNEY, Mrs. TORRES of Cali-
fornia, Ms. SA´ NCHEZ, Ms. JACOBS of 
California, Mr. PANETTA, Ms. CHU, 
Mr. SWALWELL, Mr. BERA, Mr. GOMEZ, 
Mr. RUIZ, Ms. BASS, Mr. CARBAJAL, 
Mr. CA´ RDENAS, Mr. SCHIFF, Ms. LOF-
GREN, and Mr. LEVIN of California): 
H.R. 1095. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 
101 South Willowbrook Avenue in Compton, 
California, as the ‘‘PFC James Anderson, Jr., 
Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on 
Oversight and Reform. 
By Ms. BASS (for herself, Mr. PALLONE, 
Mr. RUSH, Mr. BISHOP of Georgia, Mr. 
HASTINGS, Mr. BLUMENAUER, Ms. LEE 
of California, Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of 
Illinois, Mr. MCGOVERN, Mr. CHABOT, 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY, Mr. SCHIFF, Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD, Mr. RYAN, Mr. RUP-
PERSBERGER, Mr. SIRES, Mr. COSTA, 
Ms. MOORE of Wisconsin, Mr. CARSON, 
Mr. 
CONNOLLY, 
Mr. 
PAYNE, 
Mr. 
CICILLINE, Ms. SEWELL, Ms. TITUS, 
Mr. 
TAKANO, 
Mr. 
VARGAS, 
Mr. 
VEASEY, Ms. BROWNLEY, Ms. KELLY of 
Illinois, Mr. CASTRO of Texas, Mrs. 
BEATTY, Mr. CASE, Ms. MENG, Mrs. 
LAWRENCE, Mr. EVANS, Mrs. WATSON 
COLEMAN, Mr. GALLEGO, Mr. KHANNA, 
Mr. 
GOMEZ, 
Mr. 
BROWN, 
Mr. 
ESPAILLAT, Mr. SUOZZI, Mr. LAWSON 
of 
Florida, 
Mr. 
CARBAJAL, 
Mrs. 
DEMINGS, Ms. JAYAPAL, Mr. TRONE, 
Ms. OMAR, Ms. HOULAHAN, Mr. LEVIN 
of Michigan, Ms. TLAIB, Ms. STRICK-
LAND, Mr. BOWMAN, Ms. MANNING, Mr. 
TORRES of New York, and Ms. BUSH): 
H.R. 1096. A bill to ensure that the United 
States diplomatic workforce at all levels re-
flects the diverse composition of the United 
States, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. BISHOP of North Carolina (for 
himself, Mr. OWENS, Mr. NORMAN, Ms. 
HERRELL, Mr. HARRIS, Mr. STEUBE, 
and Mr. CAWTHORN): 
H.R. 1097. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Education to establish a grant program to 
make grants to the parents of students 
served by local educational agencies that 
will not provide in-person instruction in a 
manner consistent with school year 2019-2020, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Education and Labor. 
By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-
sylvania (for himself, Ms. SCHA-
KOWSKY, Ms. TITUS, Mr. ESPAILLAT, 
Mr. SWALWELL, Ms. NORTON, Mr. 
SMITH of Washington, Mr. MEEKS, and 
Mr. KHANNA): 
H.R. 1098. A bill to require the chief elec-
tion officials of the States to provide voter 
registration forms at certain naturalization 
proceedings, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on House Administration. 
By Mr. BROWN: 
H.R. 1099. A bill to establish a national sys-
tem for individuals to register for the admin-
istration of a COVID-19 vaccine, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on Energy 
and Commerce. 
By Mr. BUDD (for himself, Mr. HUDSON, 
and Mr. CORREA): 
H.R. 1100. A bill to amend the Americans 
with Disabilities Act of 1990 to include con-
sumer facing websites and mobile applica-
tions owned or operated by a private entity, 
to establish web accessibility compliance 
standards for such websites and mobile appli-
cations, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. BUDD: 
H.R. 1101. A bill to exempt certain busi-
nesses from liability arising from claims re-
lating to an individual contracting COVID-19 
as a result of patronizing a business or 
healthcare entity; to the Committee on the 
Judiciary. 
By Mr. BURCHETT (for himself, Mr. 
THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. SMITH 
of Missouri, Mr. KUSTOFF, Mr. YOUNG, 
and Mr. BROOKS): 
H.R. 1102. A bill to amend title 39, United 
States Code, to establish rules and proce-
dures for the United States Postal Service 
regarding the use of centralized delivery of 
the mail with respect to residential housing 
units, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Oversight and Reform. 
By Mr. BURGESS: 
H.R. 1103. A bill to amend the Communica-
tions Act of 1934 to prohibit franchising au-
thorities from requiring approval for the sale 
of cable systems, and for other purposes; to 
the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. BURGESS: 
H.R. 1104. A bill to prohibit the Secretary 
of Homeland Security from granting a work 
authorization to an alien found to have been 
unlawfully present in the United States; to 
the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. BURGESS (for himself and Mr. 
GOHMERT): 
H.R. 1105. A bill to provide an exception to 
certain mandatory minimum sentence re-
quirements for a person employed outside 
the United States by a Federal agency, who 
uses, carries, or possesses a firearm during 
and in relation to a crime of violence com-
mitted while on-duty with a firearm required 
to be carried while on-duty; to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. 
KATKO, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. 
GRIJALVA, Mr. HASTINGS, Ms. JACK-
SON LEE, Ms. MCCOLLUM, Mr. MCKIN-
LEY, Mr. NADLER, and Mr. THOMPSON 
of California): 
H.R. 1106. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for coverage 
under the Medicare program of hearing aids 
and related hearing services; to the Com-
mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. CASE (for himself, Mr. NORMAN, 
Mr. FITZPATRICK, Mr. KAHELE, and 
Mr. PETERS): 
H.R. 1107. A bill to amend the Communica-
tions Act of 1934 to ensure the ability to en-
force State and local law relating to leasing 
and renting of real property, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. 
By Mr. CASTRO of Texas (for himself, 
Mr. MOOLENAAR, Ms. SPANBERGER, 
and Mr. COLE): 
H.R. 1108. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 to include child develop-
ment and early learning as community serv-
ices under the Federal work-study program; 
to the Committee on Education and Labor. 
By Mr. CASTRO of Texas (for himself, 
Mr. ZELDIN, Mr. SHERMAN, Ms. BASS, 
Mr. SIRES, Mr. COHEN, Mr. SCHIFF, 
Mr. CARSON, Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. 
LOWENTHAL, 
Mr. 
MEEKS, 
Ms. 
VELA´ ZQUEZ, Mr. CARBAJAL, Ms. MENG, 
Mr. JONES, Ms. TITUS, Mr. KHANNA, 
Mr. MCGOVERN, Mr. PAYNE, Ms. LEE 
of California, and Ms. TLAIB): 
H.R. 1109. A bill to establish the Depart-
ment of State Student Internship Program 
as a paid internship program to provide stu-
dents with the opportunity to learn about a 
career in diplomacy and foreign affairs, and 
for other purposes; to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs. 
By Mr. COHEN (for himself, Mr. BISHOP 
of Georgia, Mr. CARSON, Ms. NORTON, 
and Ms. LEE of California): 
H.R. 1110. A bill to prohibit the destruction 
of civil rights memorials, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. LEE of California: 
H.R. 1111. A bill to establish a Department 
of Peacebuilding, and for other purposes; to 
the Committee on Oversight and Reform. 
By Mr. CONNOLLY (for himself, Mr. 
PRICE
of North Carolina, and Mr. 
BUCHANAN): 
H.R. 1112. A bill to require a report on the 
military coup in Burma, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Ms. CRAIG (for herself, Mr. JOHN-
SON of South Dakota, Mrs. AXNE, Mr. 
RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. POCAN, 
and Mr. SMITH of Nebraska): 
H.R. 1113. A bill to impose an annual dead-
line of June 1 for small refineries to submit 
petitions for exemptions from the renewable 
fuel requirements under section 211(o) of the 
Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7545(o)) based on dis-
proportionate economic hardship; to the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. CRIST: 
H.R. 1114. A bill to authorize the Secretary 
of Veterans Affairs to provide COVID-19 vac-
cines to an expanded population of veterans 
during a covered emergency period, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-
erans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. CROW (for himself, Mr. GALLA-
GHER, 
Ms. 
SPANBERGER, 
Mr. 
KINZINGER, Mr. CLYDE, Mr. BROWN, 
Mr. LOUDERMILK, Mr. MAST, Mr. 
STEWART, Ms. HOULAHAN, Mr. LAMB, 
Mr. BACON, Mr. YOUNG, Mrs. LURIA, 
Ms. 
SLOTKIN, 
Mr. 
STEUBE, 
Mr. 
BERGMAN, Mr. GOLDEN, Mr. BAIRD, 
Mr. 
PANETTA, 
Mr. 
KAHELE, 
Mr. 
ZELDIN, 
Mrs. 
MILLER-MEEKS, 
Mr. 
WALTZ, Ms. SHERRILL, Mr. MEIJER, 
Mr. GALLEGO, Mr. MOULTON, Mr. 
STIVERS, Mr. KELLY of Mississippi, 
Mr. TAYLOR, Mr. FITZPATRICK, Mr. 
CRENSHAW, Mr. NEHLS, Mr. CARBAJAL, 
Mr. PALAZZO, Mr. PFLUGER, Mr. TONY 
GONZALES of Texas, and Mr. GARCIA 
of California): 
H.R. 1115. A bill to authorize the location 
of a memorial on the National Mall to com-
memorate and honor the members of the 
Armed Forces that served on active duty in 
support of the Global War on Terrorism, and 
for other purposes; to the Committee on Nat-
ural Resources. 
By Mr. DEFAZIO (for himself, Ms. 
SCHAKOWSKY, Mr. SMITH
of Wash-
ington, Ms. NORTON, Ms. TLAIB, Ms. 
BONAMICI, Ms. OMAR, Mr. VELA, Ms. 
JAYAPAL, Mr. BEYER, Ms. OCASIO- 
CORTEZ, Mr. GARAMENDI, Mr. JOHNSON 
of 
Georgia, 
Mr. 
DOGGETT, 
Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO, Mr. HASTINGS, Ms. SCAN-
LON, Mr. JONES, Mr. MCGOVERN, Mr. 
GARCI´A of Illinois, Mr. CARSON, Mr. 
COOPER, Mr. COHEN, Mr. RASKIN, and 
Mr. KHANNA): 
H.R. 1116. A bill to provide for increased 
audits, improved technology infrastructure, 
and increased staff for the Internal Revenue 
Service for the purpose of reducing the tax 
gap, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations. 
By Mr. DESAULNIER: 
H.R. 1117. A bill to amend the Rosie the 
Riveter/World War II Home Front National 
Historical Park Establishment Act of 2000 to 
provide for additional areas to be added to 
the park, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Natural Resources. 
By Mrs. DINGELL (for herself, Mr. KIL-
MER, Miss RICE of New York, Ms. 
SCHAKOWSKY, Ms. MCCOLLUM, Ms. 
KAPTUR, Ms. MATSUI, Mr. DOGGETT, 
and Mr. FITZPATRICK): 
H.R. 1118. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to remove the exclusion 
of Medicare coverage for hearing aids and ex-
aminations therefor, and for other purposes; 
to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, 
and in addition to the Committee on Ways 
and Means, for a period to be subsequently 
determined by the Speaker, in each case for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:57 Feb 19, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00015
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\L18FE7.100
H18FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 14-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H532 
February 18, 2021 
consideration of such provisions as fall with-
in the jurisdiction of the committee con-
cerned. 
By Mr. DUNCAN: 
H.R. 1119. A bill to codify an Executive 
order securing the United States bulk-power 
system; to the Committee on Energy and 
Commerce, and in addition to the Commit-
tees on Foreign Affairs, and Oversight and 
Reform, for a period to be subsequently de-
termined by the Speaker, in each case for 
consideration of such provisions as fall with-
in the jurisdiction of the committee con-
cerned. 
By Mr. GALLAGHER: 
H.R. 1120. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Homeland Security to establish a Border En-
forcement Security Task Force unit to in-
vestigate transnational criminal organiza-
tion 
arms 
smuggling 
across 
the 
inter-
national border between the United States 
and Mexico, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Homeland Security. 
By Mr. GALLAGHER: 
H.R. 1121. A bill to amend the Immigration 
and Nationality Act to clarify the contempt 
authority of immigration judges, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary. 
By Mr. GALLAGHER: 
H.R. 1122. A bill to require the imposition 
of 
sanctions 
pursuant 
to 
the 
Global 
Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability 
Act to combat corruption and human rights 
violations perpetrated by officials in the 
Mexican Government, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, 
and in addition to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, for a period to be subsequently de-
termined by the Speaker, in each case for 
consideration of such provisions as fall with-
in the jurisdiction of the committee con-
cerned. 
By Mr. GARBARINO (for himself, Mr. 
JOYCE
of Ohio, Mr. AMODEI, Mr. 
KATKO, 
Mr. 
KILMER, 
Mrs. 
RADEWAGEN, 
Mr. 
RUSH, 
and 
Mr. 
WELCH): 
H.R. 1123. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to conduct a review of the 
deaths of certain veterans who died by sui-
cide, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Miss GONZA´ LEZ-COLO´ N (for her-
self, Mrs. RADEWAGEN, Mr. RODNEY 
DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. GALLAGHER, Mr. 
HIGGINS of Louisiana, and Mr. KIM of 
New Jersey): 
H.R. 1124. A bill to amend the VA Choice 
and Quality Employment Act to direct the 
Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish a 
vacancy and recruitment database to facili-
tate the recruitment of certain members of 
the Armed Forces to satisfy the occupational 
needs of the Department of Veterans Affairs, 
to establish and implement a training and 
certification program for intermediate care 
technicians in that Department, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-
erans’ Affairs. 
By Miss GONZA´ LEZ-COLO´ N: 
H.R. 1125. A bill to amend the VA MISSION 
Act of 2018 to expand the veterans healing 
veterans medical access and scholarship pro-
gram to include more students and schools; 
to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Miss GONZA´ LEZ-COLO´ N (for her-
self, Mr. KELLY of Mississippi, and 
Mr. SOTO): 
H.R. 1126. A bill to provide compensation 
to certain residents of the island of Vieques, 
Puerto Rico, for the use of such island for 
military readiness, and for other purposes; to 
the Committee on Natural Resources, and in 
addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, 
for a period to be subsequently determined 
by the Speaker, in each case for consider-
ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-
risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. GOSAR (for himself, Ms. ESHOO, 
Mr. MOULTON, Mr. GOHMERT, Mr. 
BROOKS, 
Mr. 
LAMBORN, 
and 
Mr. 
BACON): 
H.R. 1127. A bill to amend the Federal Elec-
tion Campaign Act of 1971 to prohibit the ac-
ceptance by political committees of online 
contributions 
from 
certain 
unverified 
sources, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on House Administration. 
By Mr. GREEN of Tennessee: 
H.R. 1128. A bill to allow expensing of 
amounts paid to move business property 
from China to the United States, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on Ways 
and Means. 
By Mr. GREEN of Tennessee: 
H.R. 1129. A bill to require annual report-
ing on the availability of Federal funds to 
persons and entities of China and activities 
conducted in collaboration with China, and 
for other purposes; to the Committee on the 
Budget, and in addition to the Committee on 
Oversight and Reform, for a period to be sub-
sequently determined by the Speaker, in 
each case for consideration of such provi-
sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
By Mr. GREEN of Tennessee: 
H.R. 1130. A bill to preserve national secu-
rity by providing guarantees to investors for 
investments in businesses at risk of preda-
tory economic tactics by the Communist 
Party of the People’s Republic of China, and 
for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-
nancial Services, and in addition to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be 
subsequently determined by the Speaker, in 
each case for consideration of such provi-
sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
By Mr. GREEN of Tennessee: 
H.R. 1131. A bill to control the export to 
the People’s Republic of China of certain 
technology and intellectual property impor-
tant to the national interest of the United 
States, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to 
the Committee on Ways and Means, for a pe-
riod to be subsequently determined by the 
Speaker, in each case for consideration of 
such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-
tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. GREENE of Georgia (for her-
self, Mr. MASSIE, and Mr. PERRY): 
H.R. 1132. A bill to amend chapter 44 of 
title 18, United States Code, to protect the 
rights of citizens under the Second Amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United 
States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. HARDER of California (for him-
self, Mr. OBERNOLTE, Mr. CASTRO of 
Texas, and Mr. TAYLOR): 
H.R. 1133. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 to include certain employ-
ment as a health care practitioner as eligible 
for public service loan forgiveness, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor. 
By Mr. HASTINGS (for himself, Ms. 
JACKSON
LEE, Ms. MOORE
of Wis-
consin, Mr. COHEN, Mr. MEEKS, and 
Mr. RUSH): 
H.R. 1134. A bill to provide for the estab-
lishment of a global affairs strategy and as-
sistance for people of African descent, and 
for other purposes; to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs. 
By Mr. HASTINGS (for himself, Ms. 
JACKSON
LEE, Ms. MOORE
of Wis-
consin, Mr. COHEN, and Mr. MEEKS): 
H.R. 1135. A bill to establish the Leader-
ship Institute for Transatlantic Engagement 
to develop a diverse community of trans-
atlantic leaders committed to democratic in-
stitutions, processes, and values; to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. HASTINGS (for himself, Ms. 
JACKSON
LEE, Ms. MOORE
of Wis-
consin, and Mr. MEEKS): 
H.R. 1136. A bill to establish a Government- 
wide initiative to promote diversity and in-
clusion in the Federal workforce, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on Over-
sight and Reform, and in addition to the 
Committees on House Administration, and 
the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-
quently determined by the Speaker, in each 
case for consideration of such provisions as 
fall within the jurisdiction of the committee 
concerned. 
By Mr. JACKSON (for himself, Mrs. 
MCCLAIN, 
Mr. 
DIAZ-BALART, 
Mr. 
WALTZ, Mr. OWENS, Mr. NORMAN, Mrs. 
HINSON, 
Mr. 
PALAZZO, 
and 
Mr. 
BAIRD): 
H.R. 1137. A bill to amend the Strom Thur-
mond National Defense Authorization Act 
for Fiscal Year 1999 to require the use of cer-
tain authorities under the International 
Emergency Economic Powers Act, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign 
Affairs. 
By Mr. JACOBS of New York: 
H.R. 1138. A bill to prohibit certain busi-
ness concerns from receiving assistance from 
the Small Business Administration, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on Small 
Business. 
By Ms. JAYAPAL (for herself and Ms. 
STEFANIK): 
H.R. 1139. A bill to reimburse meals and 
supplements provided to individuals who 
have not attained the age of 25 under certain 
meal programs authorized under the Richard 
B. Russell National School Lunch Act, and 
for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Education and Labor. 
By Mr. JONES: 
H.R. 1140. A bill to amend title 28, United 
States Code, to prohibit the exclusion of in-
dividuals from service on a Federal jury on 
account of sexual orientation or gender iden-
tity; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. JOYCE of Pennsylvania: 
H.R. 1141. A bill to provide that a project 
for the collocation of a telecommunications 
service facility is not subject to require-
ments to prepare certain environmental or 
historical preservation reviews; to the Com-
mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-
dition to the Committee on Natural Re-
sources, for a period to be subsequently de-
termined by the Speaker, in each case for 
consideration of such provisions as fall with-
in the jurisdiction of the committee con-
cerned. 
By Mr. KEATING (for himself and Mr. 
GARAMENDI): 
H.R. 1142. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Transportation to establish a grant program 
for projects to strengthen and protect vul-
nerable infrastructure used during mass 
evacuations, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure. 
By Mr. KILDEE (for himself, Mr. CAR-
SON, Mr. COHEN, Ms. DEAN, Ms. NOR-
TON, 
Mr. 
PERLMUTTER, 
and 
Mr. 
VARGAS): 
H.R. 1143. A bill to amend the Truth in 
Lending Act to modify obligations relating 
to private education loans due to the dis-
ability of a cosigner or borrower of the loan, 
to amend title 11 of the United States Code 
to make student loans dischargeable, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on Finan-
cial Services, and in addition to the Commit-
tees on the Judiciary, and Ways and Means, 
for a period to be subsequently determined 
by the Speaker, in each case for consider-
ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-
risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. KILMER (for himself, Ms. 
STRICKLAND, and Mr. SMITH of Wash-
ington): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:57 Feb 19, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00016
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\L18FE7.100
H18FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 15-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H533 
February 18, 2021 
H.R. 1144. A bill to amend the Federal 
Water Pollution Control Act to provide as-
sistance for programs and activities to pro-
tect the water quality of Puget Sound, and 
for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mrs. KIM of California (for herself, 
Mr. 
SHERMAN, 
Mr. 
CHABOT, 
Mr. 
MCCAUL, Mr. RESCHENTHALER, Mr. 
FITZPATRICK, Mr. TIFFANY, Mr. GAL-
LAGHER, Mr. NORMAN, Mr. BURCHETT, 
Mr. FERGUSON, Mr. PANETTA, Mr. 
MCKINLEY, Mr. BABIN, Mr. WILSON of 
South Carolina, Mr. TIMMONS, Mr. 
WOMACK, Mr. YOUNG, Mr. MEEKS, Mr. 
WALTZ, Mrs. MURPHY of Florida, Mr. 
CURTIS, Mr. BERA, Mrs. MCCLAIN, Mr. 
JOHNSON of South Dakota, Mr. GON-
ZALEZ of Ohio, Mr. CASE, Mr. BACON, 
Mr. ESPAILLAT, Mr. SIRES, Mr. HAR-
RIS, Mr. JACKSON, Mr. ROUZER, Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO, Ms. TITUS, and Mr. CAS-
TRO of Texas): 
H.R. 1145. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
State to develop a strategy to regain ob-
server status for Taiwan in the World Health 
Organization, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. LAHOOD: 
H.R. 1146. A bill to amend the Surface Min-
ing Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to 
authorize partnerships between States and 
nongovernmental entities for the purpose of 
reclaiming and restoring land and water re-
sources adversely affected by coal mining ac-
tivities before August 3, 1977, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-
sources. 
By Mr. LATTA (for himself, Mr. JOYCE 
of Ohio, Mr. RYAN, Mr. GIBBS, Mr. 
LAMALFA, Ms. SPANBERGER, Mr. SAN 
NICOLAS, and Mr. TURNER): 
H.R. 1147. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to require the Secretary of Vet-
erans Affairs to deliver notice of the denial 
of claims for benefits under the laws admin-
istered by the Secretary by certified mail, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. LONG: 
H.R. 1148. A bill to amend the Communica-
tions Act of 1934 to preserve cable fran-
chising authority, and for other purposes; to 
the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. LONG: 
H.R. 1149. A bill to prohibit a State or po-
litical subdivision thereof from providing or 
offering for sale to the public retail or whole-
sale broadband internet access service, and 
for other purposes; to the Committee on En-
ergy and Commerce. 
By Mr. LUETKEMEYER (for himself, 
Mr. PALMER, Mr. CRENSHAW, Mr. KEL-
LER, Mr. LONG, Mr. HILL, and Mr. 
SESSIONS): 
H.R. 1150. A bill to codify the Industry- 
Recognized Apprenticeship Programs of the 
Department of Labor; to the Committee on 
Education and Labor. 
By Mr. LYNCH: 
H.R. 1151. A bill to establish a Consumer 
Protection Relief Fund to empower lenders 
to deploy credit to vulnerable borrowers 
needing access to credit as a result of the 
COVID-19 pandemic; to the Committee on Fi-
nancial Services. 
By Mr. LYNCH: 
H.R. 1152. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, with respect to grants for buses 
and bus facilities, and for other purposes; to 
the Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure. 
By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York (for himself and Ms. 
JAYAPAL): 
H.R. 1153. A bill to eliminate certain bene-
fits for former Presidents convicted of a fel-
ony, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Oversight and Reform. 
By Mr. MCEACHIN (for himself, Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD, Mrs. LURIA, and Mr. 
SCOTT of Virginia): 
H.R. 1154. A bill to authorize the Secretary 
of the Interior to conduct a study to assess 
the suitability and feasibility of designating 
certain land as the Great Dismal Swamp Na-
tional Heritage Area, and for other purposes; 
to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. MCGOVERN (for himself, Mr. 
SMITH
of New Jersey, Mr. SUOZZI, 
Mrs. HARTZLER, Mr. MALINOWSKI, Mr. 
GALLAGHER, and Ms. WEXTON): 
H.R. 1155. A bill ensuring that goods made 
with forced labor in the Xinjiang Uyghur Au-
tonomous Region of the People’s Republic of 
China do not enter the United States mar-
ket, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to 
the Committees on Ways and Means, the Ju-
diciary, and Financial Services, for a period 
to be subsequently determined by the Speak-
er, in each case for consideration of such pro-
visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
By Mr. MCKINLEY: 
H.R. 1156. A bill to require the Assistant 
Secretary of Commerce for Communications 
and Information to report to Congress every 
60 days on barriers to implementation by the 
Department of Interior and Department of 
Agriculture of an online portal to accept, 
process, and dispose of an application for the 
placement of communications facilities on 
certain Federal lands; to the Committee on 
Natural Resources, and in addition to the 
Committees on Agriculture, and Energy and 
Commerce, for a period to be subsequently 
determined by the Speaker, in each case for 
consideration of such provisions as fall with-
in the jurisdiction of the committee con-
cerned. 
By Mr. MEEKS (for himself and Mr. 
MCCAUL): 
H.R. 1157. A bill to provide for certain au-
thorities of the Department of State, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign 
Affairs. 
By Ms. MENG (for herself, Mr. ZELDIN, 
Mr. BLUMENAUER, Mr. CICILLINE, Mr. 
ESPAILLAT, Ms. LEE of California, Ms. 
MCCOLLUM, Mr. MCGOVERN, Ms. NOR-
TON, Ms. OMAR, Mr. PRICE of North 
Carolina, 
Ms. 
SCHAKOWSKY, 
Mr. 
SIRES, Mr. SHERMAN, Ms. TLAIB, Mr. 
SOTO, Mrs. TORRES of California, Ms. 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ, Mrs. WATSON 
COLEMAN, Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Geor-
gia, Mr. COSTA, Mr. GRIJALVA, Ms. 
LOIS FRANKEL of Florida, Mr. WELCH, 
Mr. 
HARDER
of 
California, 
Ms. 
OCASIO-CORTEZ, Mr. LIEU, Mr. VELA, 
and Ms. BARRAGA´ N): 
H.R. 1158. A bill to provide women and girls 
safe access to sanitation facilities in refugee 
camps; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Ms. MOORE of Wisconsin (for her-
self, Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Penn-
sylvania, Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
of New York, Ms. LEE of California, 
Mr. BLUMENAUER, Ms. MCCOLLUM, Mr. 
PANETTA, and Mr. DEUTCH): 
H.R. 1159. A bill to require that States and 
localities receiving grants under the Edward 
Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant 
Program require law enforcement officers to 
undergo training on and thereafter employ 
de-escalation techniques to assist in reduc-
ing the need for the use of force by such offi-
cers, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. MURPHY of North Carolina (for 
himself, Mr. RICE of South Carolina, 
Mr. TIFFANY, and Mr. BUDD): 
H.R. 1160. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 to improve protections 
against foreign influence at institutions of 
higher education, and for other purposes; to 
the Committee on Education and Labor. 
By Mr. NEGUSE: 
H.R. 1161. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to exclude the portion of a 
lump-sum social security benefit payment 
that relates to periods prior to the taxable 
year from the determination of household in-
come; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. NEGUSE (for himself, Mr. KIL-
MER, 
Mr. 
LOWENTHAL, 
and 
Mr. 
HUFFMAN): 
H.R. 1162. A bill to make supplemental ap-
propriations for the Departments of Agri-
culture, the Interior, Homeland Security, 
Labor, and Commerce for the fiscal year end-
ing September 30, 2021, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Appropriations, 
and in addition to the Committee on the 
Budget, for a period to be subsequently de-
termined by the Speaker, in each case for 
consideration of such provisions as fall with-
in the jurisdiction of the committee con-
cerned. 
By Ms. NORTON (for herself and Mr. 
BEYER): 
H.R. 1163. A bill to require Federal law en-
forcement officers to wear body cameras, and 
for other purposes; to the Committee on the 
Judiciary. 
By Ms. NORTON (for herself and Mr. 
RUSH): 
H.R. 1164. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Interior to remove the Emancipation 
Memorial from Lincoln Park in the District 
of Columbia, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Ms. NORTON (for herself, Mr. RUSH, 
and Ms. CLARKE of New York): 
H.R. 1165. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
the Interior to remove the statue to the 
memory and in honor of Albert Pike erected 
near Judiciary Square in the District of Co-
lumbia, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. PALMER (for himself, Mr. 
BROOKS, Mr. ROY, Mr. CLOUD, and Mr. 
NORMAN): 
H.R. 1166. A bill to allow individuals to 
choose to opt out of the Medicare part A ben-
efit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. PAPPAS (for himself and Mr. 
TONKO): 
H.R. 1167. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for the auto-
matic qualification of certain Medicaid bene-
ficiaries for premium and cost-sharing sub-
sidies under part D of the Medicare program, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Energy and Commerce, and in addition to 
the Committee on Ways and Means, for a pe-
riod to be subsequently determined by the 
Speaker, in each case for consideration of 
such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-
tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. PERRY (for himself and Mr. 
GAETZ): 
H.R. 1168. A bill to prohibit all United 
States assessed and voluntary contributions 
to the World Health Organization until such 
time as the membership in the World Health 
Organization of the People’s Republic of 
China is terminated and the Republic of 
China (Taiwan) is afforded full rights, privi-
leges, and responsibilities as a Member State 
in the World Health Organization, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign 
Affairs. 
By Mr. PERRY: 
H.R. 1169. A bill to prohibit all United 
States assessed and voluntary contributions 
to the United Nations until such time as the 
membership in the United Nations of the 
People’s Republic of China is terminated and 
the Republic of China (Taiwan) is afforded 
full rights, privileges, and responsibilities as 
a Member State in the United Nations, and 
for other purposes; to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:57 Feb 19, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00017
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\L18FE7.100
H18FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 16-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H534 
February 18, 2021 
By Ms. PORTER (for herself, Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO, Mr. GARCIA
of Cali-
fornia, Mr. SHERMAN, Mr. KHANNA, 
Mr. 
PANETTA, 
Mr. 
GOMEZ, 
Mr. 
PETERS, Ms. BROWNLEY, Ms. SPEIER, 
Mr. CARBAJAL, Mr. SWALWELL, Mr. 
CA´ RDENAS, 
Mr. 
COSTA, 
Mr. 
LOWENTHAL, Mr. ISSA, Mr. HUFFMAN, 
Mrs. KIM of California, Mr. THOMPSON 
of 
California, 
Ms. 
MATSUI, 
Mr. 
DESAULNIER, Ms. CHU, Mr. VARGAS, 
Ms. BARRAGA´ N, Mr. SCHIFF, Ms. BASS, 
Ms. 
ESHOO, 
Ms. 
SA´ NCHEZ, 
Mr. 
AGUILAR, Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD, Mrs. 
TORRES of California, Mr. BERA, Ms. 
LEE of California, Mr. TAKANO, Mr. 
MCNERNEY, Mr. LEVIN of California, 
Mr. LAMALFA, Mr. RUIZ, Ms. JACOBS 
of 
California, 
Mr. 
CORREA, 
Mrs. 
STEEL, Ms. LOFGREN, Mr. VALADAO, 
Mr. MCCLINTOCK, Mr. LIEU, Mr. HARD-
ER of California, Mr. GARAMENDI, and 
Mr. OBERNOLTE): 
H.R. 1170. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 1 
League 
in 
Irvine, 
California, 
as 
the 
‘‘Tuskegee Airman Lieutenant Colonel Rob-
ert J. Friend Memorial Post Office Build-
ing’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Re-
form. 
By Mr. PRICE of North Carolina: 
H.R. 1171. A bill to amend the Federal Elec-
tion Campaign Act of 1971 to require the 
sponsors of certain general public political 
advertisements to include in the advertise-
ments information on the persons who pro-
vided the funding for such advertisements, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
House Administration. 
By Mr. PRICE of North Carolina: 
H.R. 1172. A bill to amend the Federal Elec-
tion Campaign Act to clarify the treatment 
of coordinated expenditures as contributions 
made to candidates under such Act, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on House 
Administration. 
By Mr. RESCHENTHALER (for him-
self, Mr. GALLAGHER, Mr. BURCHETT, 
Mr. 
CRENSHAW, 
Mr. 
PERRY, 
Mr. 
WALTZ, and Mr. TIFFANY): 
H.R. 1173. A bill to authorize the President 
to use military force for the purpose of se-
curing and defending Taiwan against armed 
attack, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to 
the Committees on Armed Services, and 
Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-
quently determined by the Speaker, in each 
case for consideration of such provisions as 
fall within the jurisdiction of the committee 
concerned. 
By Mr. ROSENDALE (for himself, Mr. 
WESTERMAN, 
Mr. 
SIMPSON, 
Mr. 
NEWHOUSE, Mr. GOSAR, Mr. FULCHER, 
Mr. 
BAIRD, 
Mr. 
LAMALFA, 
Ms. 
HERRELL, and Mrs. BOEBERT): 
H.R. 1174. A bill to amend the Forest and 
Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning 
Act of 1974 and the Federal Land Policy and 
Management Act of 1976 to provide that the 
Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary 
of the Interior are not required to reinitiate 
consultation on a land management plan or 
land use plan under certain circumstances, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Natural Resources, and in addition to the 
Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be 
subsequently determined by the Speaker, in 
each case for consideration of such provi-
sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
By Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD (for herself 
and Ms. MATSUI): 
H.R. 1175. A bill to provide for additional 
space and resources for the protection and 
preservation of national collections held by 
the Smithsonian Institution and the Na-
tional Gallery of Art; to the Committee on 
House Administration, and in addition to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure, for a period to be subsequently de-
termined by the Speaker, in each case for 
consideration of such provisions as fall with-
in the jurisdiction of the committee con-
cerned. 
By Mr. RUSH (for himself and Mr. 
BUCSHON): 
H.R. 1176. A bill to amend title XXVII of 
the Public Health Service Act to require 
group health plans and health insurance 
issuers offering group or individual health 
insurance coverage to provide coverage for 
prostate cancer screenings without the impo-
sition of cost-sharing requirements, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on Energy 
and Commerce. 
By Ms. SA´ NCHEZ (for herself, Ms. LOF-
GREN, 
Ms. 
ROYBAL-ALLARD, 
Ms. 
VELA´ ZQUEZ, Ms. CLARKE of New York, 
Ms. BASS, Ms. CHU, Mr. RUIZ, Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO, 
Mr. 
ESPAILLAT, 
Mr. 
CARBAJAL, Mr. VARGAS, Mr. GOMEZ, 
Mr. 
GALLEGO, 
Mr. 
CORREA, 
Mr. 
AGUILAR, Ms. ESCOBAR, Ms. GARCIA of 
Texas, Mr. CA´ RDENAS, Ms. LEGER 
FERNANDEZ, Mr. CASTRO of Texas, Ms. 
BARRAGA´ N, Mr. VELA, Mr. SOTO, Mr. 
LEVIN of California, Mr. COSTA, Mr. 
TORRES of New York, Mr. SIRES, Mrs. 
TRAHAN, Mr. SABLAN, Mr. SAN NICO-
LAS, Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Mr. 
NADLER, Mr. MCGOVERN, Mrs. WAT-
SON
COLEMAN, 
Ms. 
WASSERMAN 
SCHULTZ, Mr. WELCH, Ms. BONAMICI, 
Ms. SCANLON, Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER, 
Ms. MANNING, Mr. HORSFORD, Mr. 
CONNOLLY, Mr. PANETTA, Mr. TAKANO, 
Ms. DEGETTE, Mrs. LAWRENCE, Ms. 
NORTON, Ms. JACOBS
of California, 
Mr. SCHNEIDER, Mr. LIEU, Ms. WILSON 
of 
Florida, 
Mr. 
MCNERNEY, 
Mr. 
SCHIFF, 
Ms. 
MCCOLLUM, 
Mrs. 
DEMINGS, Mr. GREEN of Texas, Mr. 
SUOZZI, Ms. NEWMAN, Mr. EVANS, Mrs. 
CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York, 
Mr. MEEKS, Mr. BROWN, Ms. WILLIAMS 
of Georgia, Mr. NEGUSE, Mr. BEYER, 
Mr. SWALWELL, Mr. TRONE, Ms. LOIS 
FRANKEL
of Florida, Mr. PALLONE, 
Mr. 
GARAMENDI, 
Ms. 
TITUS, 
Mr. 
DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois, Ms. MAT-
SUI, Mr. CICILLINE, Ms. ROSS, Mr. 
JONES, Mr. VEASEY, Mr. BLUMENAUER, 
Mr. JOHNSON
of Georgia, and Ms. 
PLASKETT): 
H.R. 1177. A bill to provide an earned path 
to citizenship, to address the root causes of 
migration 
and 
responsibly 
manage 
the 
southern border, and to reform the immi-
grant visa system, and for other purposes; to 
the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addi-
tion to the Committees on Ways and Means, 
Armed Services, Education and Labor, House 
Administration, Financial Services, Natural 
Resources, Oversight and Reform, Foreign 
Affairs, 
Homeland 
Security, 
Intelligence 
(Permanent Select), and Energy and Com-
merce, for a period to be subsequently deter-
mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-
sideration of such provisions as fall within 
the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. SPEIER (for herself, Mr. REED, 
Ms. SHERRILL, and Mr. GARBARINO): 
H.R. 1178. A bill to establish the National 
Commission on Domestic Terrorism, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on Home-
land Security. 
By Mr. SUOZZI (for himself, Mr. 
BACON, Mr. MOONEY, Mr. KILMER, Mr. 
CRENSHAW, Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALO-
NEY of New York, Mr. TRONE, Mr. 
WESTERMAN, Mr. MCGOVERN, and Mr. 
HUFFMAN): 
H.R. 1179. A bill to award a Congressional 
Gold Medal to the former hostages of the 
Iran Hostage Crisis of 1979-1981, highlighting 
their resilience throughout the unprece-
dented ordeal which they lived through and 
the national unity it produced, marking four 
decades since their 444 days in captivity, and 
recognizing their sacrifice to our country; to 
the Committee on Financial Services, and in 
addition to the Committees on House Admin-
istration, and the Budget, for a period to be 
subsequently determined by the Speaker, in 
each case for consideration of such provi-
sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
By Mr. TAKANO (for himself, Mr. 
SCOTT of Virginia, Ms. ADAMS, Mr. 
COURTNEY, and Mr. JONES): 
H.R. 1180. A bill to amend the Occupational 
Safety and Health Act of 1970 to clarify when 
the time period for the issuance of citations 
under such Act begins and to require a rule 
to clarify that an employer’s duty to make 
and maintain accurate records of work-re-
lated injuries and illnesses is an ongoing ob-
ligation; to the Committee on Education and 
Labor. 
By Mr. TAKANO: 
H.R. 1181. A bill to ensure due process pro-
tections of individuals in the United States 
against unlawful detention based solely on a 
protected characteristic; to the Committee 
on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. TAKANO (for himself, Mr. 
VARGAS, Mr. GRIJALVA, Mr. GALLEGO, 
Ms. TITUS, Ms. MOORE of Wisconsin, 
Ms. BARRAGA´ N, Mr. FOSTER, Ms. 
OCASIO-CORTEZ, Ms. GARCIA of Texas, 
Mr. MCGOVERN, Mr. CORREA, Ms. 
NORTON, Mrs. DEMINGS, Ms. ESCOBAR, 
Mr. HASTINGS, Mr. LOWENTHAL, Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO, Mr. TORRES
of New 
York, Ms. LEE
of California, Ms. 
SCHAKOWSKY, 
Mr. 
ESPAILLAT, 
Mr. 
HORSFORD, Mr. SOTO, and Mr. BLU-
MENAUER): 
H.R. 1182. A bill to provide benefits for 
noncitizen members of the Armed Forces, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
the Judiciary, and in addition to the Com-
mittees on Veterans’ Affairs, and Armed 
Services, for a period to be subsequently de-
termined by the Speaker, in each case for 
consideration of such provisions as fall with-
in the jurisdiction of the committee con-
cerned. 
By Mr. TAKANO (for himself, Mr. 
VARGAS, Mr. GRIJALVA, Mr. GALLEGO, 
Mrs. WATSON
COLEMAN, Mr. HAS-
TINGS, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY, Ms. GARCIA 
of Texas, and Ms. NORTON): 
H.R. 1183. A bill to establish a military 
family immigration advisory committee, and 
for other purposes; to the Committee on the 
Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees 
on Veterans’ Affairs, and Armed Services, for 
a period to be subsequently determined by 
the Speaker, in each case for consideration 
of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-
tion of the committee concerned. 
By 
Mr. 
TONKO 
(for 
himself, 
Mr. 
MCKINLEY, Mr. FITZPATRICK, and Mr. 
SAN NICOLAS): 
H.R. 1184. A bill to amend the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to improve 
the treatment of rare diseases and condi-
tions, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By 
Mr. 
TRONE 
(for 
himself, 
Mr. 
RESCHENTHALER, 
Ms. 
LEGER 
FERNANDEZ, and Mr. MCKINLEY): 
H.R. 1185. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Service Act to authorize grants to 
certain States to inform patients about the 
risks of opioids and their analogues, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on Energy 
and Commerce. 
By Mr. VAN DREW (for himself and 
Mr. BAIRD): 
H.R. 1186. A bill to amend the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to reduce the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:57 Feb 19, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00018
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\L18FE7.100
H18FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 17-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H535 
February 18, 2021 
threat of counterfeit drugs to the pharma-
ceutical supply chain, and to make the phar-
maceutical supply chain more robust, while 
ensuring the authenticity, content, purity, 
and manufacturing location and batch num-
ber of drugs (including COVID-19 thera-
peutics and vaccines) and allowing patient 
verification of authenticity, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. 
By Mr. VARGAS (for himself and Mr. 
GARCI´A of Illinois): 
H.R. 1187. A bill to provide for disclosure of 
additional material information about public 
companies and establish a Sustainable Fi-
nance Advisory Committee, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on Financial 
Services. 
By Ms. VELA´ ZQUEZ: 
H.R. 1188. A bill to amend the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 to require issuers to 
disclose information on pay raises made to 
executives and non-executive employees, and 
for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-
nancial Services. 
By Mr. YOUNG: 
H.R. 1189. A bill to amend the Deepwater 
Port Act of 1974 to permit the construction 
of deepwater ports in Federal water adjacent 
to certain coastal States that do not have an 
active Coastal Zone Management Program; 
to the Committee on Transportation and In-
frastructure. 
By Mr. LOUDERMILK (for himself, Mr. 
DUNCAN, Mr. DESJARLAIS, Mr. HICE of 
Georgia, Mr. HERN, Mr. GRIFFITH, and 
Mr. MOONEY): 
H.J. Res. 26. A joint resolution proposing 
an amendment to the Constitution of the 
United States requiring that the Federal 
budget be balanced; to the Committee on the 
Judiciary. 
By Mr. GREEN of Tennessee: 
H. Con. Res. 17. Concurrent resolution ex-
pressing the sense of Congress that the 
President should do everything in his power 
to achieve resolution and repayment of the 
defaulted sovereign debt of the People’s Re-
public of China held by 20,000 families in the 
United States represented by American 
Bondholders Foundation, LLC; to the Com-
mittee on Financial Services, and in addi-
tion to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, 
for a period to be subsequently determined 
by the Speaker, in each case for consider-
ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-
risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. MEEKS (for himself, Mr. 
MCCAUL, Mr. BERA, Mr. CHABOT, Mr. 
MALINOWSKI, and Mr. KINZINGER): 
H. Res. 130. A resolution condemning the 
continued violation of rights and freedoms of 
the people of Hong Kong by the People’s Re-
public of China and the Government of the 
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region; 
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. CONNOLLY (for himself and 
Mr. FITZPATRICK): 
H. Res. 131. A resolution congratulating 
the National Active and Retired Federal Em-
ployees Association on the celebration of its 
100th anniversary on February 19, 2021, and 
recognizing the vital contributions its mem-
bers have made to the United States over the 
past 100 years; to the Committee on Over-
sight and Reform. 
By Mr. HASTINGS (for himself, Ms. 
JACKSON
LEE, Ms. MOORE
of Wis-
consin, Mr. COHEN, Mr. MEEKS, and 
Mr. RUSH): 
H. Res. 132. A resolution recognizing people 
of African descent and Black Europeans; to 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. LAMBORN (for himself, Mr. 
RESCHENTHALER, Mrs. BOEBERT, Mr. 
CHABOT, Mr. HICE
of Georgia, Mr. 
GIBBS, Mr. STEUBE, Mr. BISHOP
of 
North Carolina, Mr. WILLIAMS
of 
Texas, Mr. MCCLINTOCK, Mr. DUNCAN, 
Mr. ROUZER, Mr. BABIN, Mrs. GREENE 
of Georgia, Mr. JACKSON, Mr. BUR-
GESS, 
Mr. 
ROSE, 
Mr. 
CARL, 
Mr. 
SCHWEIKERT, Mr. GAETZ, Mr. MOORE 
of Alabama, Mr. MEUSER, Mr. GOH-
MERT, Mr. HAGEDORN, Mr. CLYDE, Mr. 
GRIFFITH, Mr. GOSAR, Mr. NEWHOUSE, 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER, Ms. HERRELL, Mr. 
BROOKS, Mr. BAIRD, Mr. WEBER of 
Texas, Mr. CRAWFORD, Mr. CALVERT, 
Mr. 
LOUDERMILK, 
Mr. 
LONG, 
Mr. 
MULLIN, Mr. ISSA, Mr. JOHNSON of 
Ohio, Mr. EMMER, Mr. GUTHRIE, Mr. 
HUIZENGA, and Mr. GOODEN of Texas): 
H. Res. 133. A resolution honoring the life 
and legacy of Rush Limbaugh and com-
mending Rush Limbaugh for inspiring mil-
lions of radio listeners and for his devotion 
to our country; to the Committee on Over-
sight and Reform. 
By Mr. LEVIN of Michigan (for him-
self, Mr. AUCHINCLOSS, Mr. BAIRD, Mr. 
BERA, Mr. BEYER, Mr. BILIRAKIS, Mr. 
BLUMENAUER, 
Mr. 
BURCHETT, 
Mr. 
CARSON, Mr. CASE, Mr. CHABOT, Mr. 
CICILLINE, Mr. COSTA, Mr. DEUTCH, 
Mrs. 
DINGELL, 
Ms. 
ESHOO, 
Mr. 
FITZPATRICK, Mr. GALLEGO, Mr. HERN, 
Mr. HILL, Mrs. HINSON, Mr. JACKSON, 
Ms. JAYAPAL, Mr. CASTRO of Texas, 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. KHANNA, 
Ms. 
LEE
of 
California, 
Mr. 
MALINOWSKI, 
Ms. 
MANNING, 
Mr. 
MCCAUL, Mr. MCGOVERN, Mr. MEEKS, 
Mr. MEIJER, Mr. MOORE of Utah, Mrs. 
MURPHY of Florida, Mr. NEWHOUSE, 
Mr. PALLONE, Mr. PRICE
of North 
Carolina, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY, Mr. SHER-
MAN, Mr. SUOZZI, Ms. TENNEY, Ms. 
TITUS, Mrs. WAGNER, Ms. WILD, and 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina): 
H. Res. 134. A resolution condemning the 
military coup that took place on February 1, 
2021, in Burma and the Burmese military de-
tention of civilian leaders, calling for the re-
lease of all those detained and for those 
elected to serve in Parliament to resume 
their duties, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Ms. MATSUI: 
H. Res. 135. A resolution expressing support 
for 
the 
designation 
of 
May 
2021 
as 
‘‘Spondyloarthritis Awareness Month’’; to 
the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. MEEKS (for himself and Mr. 
MCCAUL): 
H. Res. 136. A resolution emphasizing the 
importance and interdependence of diplo-
macy and international development to 
American interests and national security; to 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. MEEKS (for himself and Mr. 
MCCAUL): 
H. Res. 137. A resolution reaffirming the 
importance of upholding democracy, human 
rights, and the rule of law in United States 
foreign policy; to the Committee on Foreign 
Affairs. 
By 
Ms. 
MENG 
(for 
herself, 
Mr. 
ESPAILLAT, 
Mr. 
GRIJALVA, 
Mr. 
SUOZZI, Ms. NORTON, Mr. CARSON, Mr. 
SAN NICOLAS, Mr. JOHNSON of Geor-
gia, and Ms. TITUS): 
H. Res. 138. A resolution supporting the 
goals and ideals of International Mother 
Language Day in bringing attention to the 
importance of preserving linguistic and cul-
tural heritage through education; to the 
Committee on Oversight and Reform. 
By 
Mr. 
ROSE 
(for 
himself, 
Mr. 
KUSTOFF, Mr. GREEN of Tennessee, 
Mrs. 
HARSHBARGER, 
Mr. 
FLEISCHMANN, Mr. BURCHETT, and Mr. 
DESJARLAIS): 
H. Res. 139. A resolution honoring Peyton 
Manning on being named to the Pro Football 
Hall of Fame; to the Committee on Oversight 
and Reform. 
By Ms. WEXTON (for herself, Mr. 
FITZPATRICK, 
Mrs. 
HINSON, 
Ms. 
SPEIER, Ms. DEAN, Mr. REED, Ms. 
NORTON, Ms. MOORE of Wisconsin, Mr. 
CARSON, Mr. COOPER, Ms. TITUS, Mr. 
KHANNA, and Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI): 
H. Res. 140. A resolution expressing support 
for designation of the month of February 
2021 as ‘‘National Teen Dating Violence 
Awareness and Prevention Month’’; to the 
Committee on the Judiciary. 
f 
MEMORIALS 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
ML-1. The SPEAKER presented a memo-
rial of the General Assembly of the State of 
Ohio, relative to Senate Concurrent Resolu-
tion No. 8, urging Congress to enact The 
Sunshine Protection Act of 2019, which 
would permanently extend daylight saving 
time; which was referred to the Committee 
on Energy and Commerce. 
f 
PRIVATE BILLS AND 
RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, private 
bills and resolutions of the following 
titles were introduced and severally re-
ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. CARBAJAL: 
H.R. 1190. A bill to authorize the President 
to award the Medal of Honor to retired Colo-
nel Philip J. Conran of the Air Force for acts 
of valor in Laos during the Vietnam War; to 
the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Ms. VELA´ ZQUEZ: 
H.R. 1191. A bill for the relief of Ravidath 
Lawrence Ragbir; to the Committee on the 
Judiciary. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-
tives, the following statements are sub-
mitted regarding the specific powers 
granted to Congress in the Constitu-
tion to enact the accompanying bill or 
joint resolution. 
By Mr. CICILLINE: 
H.R. 5. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of Constituion of the 
United States. 
By Ms. PELOSI: 
H.R. 1085. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. NORMAN: 
H.R. 1086. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. FOSTER: 
H.R. 1087. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 
8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Con-
stitution. 
By Mr. AGUILAR: 
H.R. 1088. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, section 8, clause 18 of the United 
States Constitution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:57 Feb 19, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00019
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\L18FE7.100
H18FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 18-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H536 
February 18, 2021 
By Mr. BALDERSON: 
H.R. 1089. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion 
By Mr. BANKS: 
H.R. 1090. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-
cle I, section 8 of the United States Constitu-
tion, specifically clause 18 (relating to the 
power to make all laws necessary and proper 
for carrying out the powers vested in Con-
gress). 
By Mr. BANKS: 
H.R. 1091. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-
cle I, section 8 of the United States Constitu-
tion, specifically clause 18 (relating to the 
power to make all laws necessary and proper 
for carrying out the powers vested in Con-
gress). 
By Mr. BANKS: 
H.R. 1092. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-
cle I, section 8 of the United States Constitu-
tion, specifically clause 18 (relating to the 
power to make all laws necessary and proper 
for carrying out the powers vested in Con-
gress). 
By Mr. BANKS: 
H.R. 1093. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-
cle I, section 8 of the United States Constitu-
tion, specifically clause 18 (relating to the 
power to make all laws necessary and proper 
for carrying out the powers vested in Con-
gress). 
By Mr. BANKS: 
H.R. 1094. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-
cle I, section 8 of the United States Constitu-
tion, specifically clause 18 (relating to the 
power to make all laws necessary and proper 
for carrying out the powers vested in Con-
gress). 
By Ms. BARRAGA´ N: 
H.R. 1095. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Sec 8 of the United States Con-
stitution 
By Ms. BASS: 
H.R. 1096. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 1 of the United States 
Constitution, 
providing—‘‘All 
legislative 
Powers herein granted shall be vested in a 
Congress of the United States, which shall 
consist of a Senate and House of Representa-
tives.’’ 
By Mr. BISHOP of North Carolina: 
H.R. 1097. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 and Clause 18 
of the Constitution 
By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-
sylvania: 
H.R. 1098. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion under the General Welfare Clause. 
By Mr. BROWN: 
H.R. 1099. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Necessary and Proper Clause (Article I, 
Section 8, Clause 18) 
By Mr. BUDD: 
H.R. 1100. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion. 
By Mr. BUDD: 
H.R. 1101. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion. 
By Mr. BURCHETT: 
H.R. 1102. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, 
Section 3, Clause 2. The Congress shall 
have Power to dispose of and make all need-
ful Rules and Regulations respecting the 
Territory or other Property belonging to the 
United States; and nothing in this Constitu-
tion shall be so construed as to Prejudice 
any Claims of the United States, or of any 
particular State, 
By Mr. BURGESS: 
H.R. 1103. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The attached language falls within Con-
gress delegated authority to legislate inter-
state commerce, found in Article I, Section 
8, clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution. 
By Mr. BURGESS: 
H.R. 1104. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 4 of the Con-
stitution of the United States: To Establish 
an uniform Rule of Naturalization. 
By Mr. BURGESS: 
H.R. 1105. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The attached language falls within Con-
gress’ enumerated authority to provide for 
the common defence and general welfare of 
the United States, found in Article I, Section 
8, clause 1, and to make rules for the govern-
ment, found in Article I, Section 8, clause 14 
of the U.S. Constitution. 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: 
H.R. 1106. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 (relating to 
the power of Congress to lay and collect 
Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay 
the Debts and provide for the common De-
fense and general Welfare of the United 
States). 
By Mr. CASE: 
H.R. 1107. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. CASTRO of Texas: 
H.R. 1108. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Constitutional Authority—Necessary and 
Proper Clause (Art. I, Sec. 8, Clause 18) 
THE U.S. CONSTITUTION 
ARTICLE I, SECTION 8: POWERS OF 
CONGRESS 
CLAUSE 18 
The Congress shall have power . . . To 
make all laws which shall be necessary and 
proper for carrying into execution the fore-
going powers, and all other powers vested by 
this Constitution in the government of the 
United States, or in any department or offi-
cer thereof. 
By Mr. CASTRO of Texas: 
H.R. 1109. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion 
By Mr. COHEN: 
H.R. 1110. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Ms. LEE of California: 
H.R. 1111. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I of the 
United States Constitution and its subse-
quent amendments, and further clarified and 
interpreted by the Supreme Court of the 
United States; 
By Mr. CONNOLLY: 
H.R. 1112. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for 
carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-
ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-
stitution in the Government of the United 
States, or in any Department or Officer 
thereof. 
By Ms. CRAIG: 
H.R. 1113. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
ARTICLE 1, SECTION 8. 
By Mr. CRIST: 
H.R. 1114. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-
cle I, Section 8 of the United States Con-
stitution. 
By Mr. CROW: 
H.R. 1115. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for 
carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-
ers, and all other Powers vested by the Con-
stitution in the Government of the United 
States, or in any Department or Officer 
thereof. 
By Mr. DEFAZIO: 
H.R. 1116. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (relating to 
the power to make all laws necessary and 
proper for carrying out the powers vested in 
Congress) 
By Mr. DESAULNIER: 
H.R. 1117. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8. 
By Mrs. DINGELL: 
H.R. 1118. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-
cle I, Section 8 of the United States Con-
stitution. 
By Mr. DUNCAN: 
H.R. 1119. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. GALLAGHER: 
H.R. 1120. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:57 Feb 19, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00020
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A18FE7.023
H18FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 19-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H537 
February 18, 2021 
Article 1 Section 8 
By Mr. GALLAGHER: 
H.R. 1121. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8 
By Mr. GALLAGHER: 
H.R. 1122. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8 
By Mr. GARBARINO: 
H.R. 1123. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Miss GONZA´ LEZ-COLO´ N: 
H.R. 1124. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 1 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion 
‘‘All legislative Powers herein granted 
shall be vested in a Congress of the United 
States, which shall consist of a Senate and 
House of Representatives.’’ 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S. 
Constitution 
Congress shall have the power . . . ‘‘To 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and 
proper for carrying into Execution the fore-
going Powers, and all other Powers vested by 
this Constitution in the Government of the 
United States, or any Department of Officer 
thereof.’’ 
By Miss GONZA´ LEZ-COLO´ N: 
H.R. 1125. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 1, of the U.S. Constitu-
tion 
‘‘All legislative Powers herein granted 
shall be vested in a Congress of the United 
States, which shall consist of a Senate and 
House of Representatives.’’ 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S. 
Constitution 
Congress shall have the power . . . ‘‘To 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and 
proper for carrying into Execution the fore-
going Powers, and all other Powers vested by 
this Constitution in the Government of the 
United States, or in any Department or Offi-
cer thereof.’’ 
By Miss GONZA´ LEZ-COLO´ N: 
H.R. 1126. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 1, U.S. Constitution, 
which provide as follows: 
The Congress shall have Power To [ . . . ] 
provide for the common Defence and general 
Welfare of the United States; [ . . . ] 
To make Rules for the Government and 
Regulation of the land and naval Forces; [ 
. . . ] 
To make all laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the 
foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-
ed by this Constitution in the Government of 
the United States, or in any Department or 
Officer thereof. 
By Mr. GOSAR: 
H.R. 1127. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8 
By Mr. GREEN of Tennessee: 
H.R. 1128. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. GREEN of Tennessee: 
H.R. 1129. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8 
By Mr. GREEN of Tennessee: 
H.R. 1130. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. GREEN of Tennessee: 
H.R. 1131. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mrs. GREENE of Georgia: 
H.R. 1132. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, U.S. Constitution 
By Mr. HARDER of California: 
H.R. 1133. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 & Article I, 
Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution. 
By Mr. HASTINGS: 
H.R. 1134. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. HASTINGS: 
H.R. 1135. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. HASTINGS: 
H.R. 1136. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. JACKSON: 
H.R. 1137. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Mr. JACOBS of New York: 
H.R. 1138. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted prusuant to the power 
granted to the Constitution under Article I, 
Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Con-
stitution. 
By Ms. JAYAPAL: 
H.R. 1139. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I of the 
United States Constitution and its subse-
quent amendments, and further clarified and 
interpreted by the Supreme Court of the 
United States. 
By Mr. JONES: 
H.R. 1140. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. JOYCE of Pennsylvania: 
H.R. 1141. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the US Constitution. 
By Mr. KEATING: 
H.R. 1142. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Under Article I, Section 8 of the Constitu-
tion, Congress has the power ‘‘to make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for 
carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-
ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-
stitution in the Government of the United 
States, or any Department or Officer there-
of’’. 
By Mr. KILDEE: 
H.R. 1143. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. KILMER: 
H.R. 1144. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Secticn 8. 
By Mrs. KIM of California: 
H.R. 1145. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8. 
By Mr. LAHOOD: 
H.R. 1146. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
ARTICLE I, SECTION 8, CLAUSE 18 
The Congress shall have Power To . . . 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and 
proper for carrying into Execution the fore-
going Powers, and all other Powers vested by 
this Constitution in the Government of the 
United States; or in any Department or Offi-
cer thereof. 
By Mr. LATTA: 
H.R. 1147. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: 
The Congress shall have the Power . . . to 
pay the Debts and provide for the common 
Defense and general Welfare of the United 
States. 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: 
The Congress shall have Power to make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for 
carrying into Executive the foregoing Pow-
ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-
stitution in the Government of the United 
States, or in any Department or Officer 
thereof. 
By Mr. LONG: 
H.R. 1148. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for 
carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-
ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-
stitution in the Government of the United 
States, or in any Department or office 
therof. 
By Mr. LONG: 
H.R. 1149. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for 
carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-
ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-
stitution in the Government of the United 
States, or in any Department or office 
therof. 
By Mr. LUETKEMEYER: 
H.R. 1150. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Constitutional authority on which 
this bill rests is the power of Congress to lay 
and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and ex-
cises to pay the debts and provide for the 
common Defense and general welfare of the 
United States, as enumerated in Article I, 
Section 8, Clause 1. Thus, Congress has the 
authority not only to increase taxes, but 
also, to reduce taxes to promote the general 
welfare of the United States of America and 
her citizens. Additionally, Congress has the 
Constitutional authority to regulate com-
merce among the States and with Indian 
Tribes, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, 
Clause 3. 
By Mr. LYNCH: 
H.R. 1151. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion 
By Mr. LYNCH: 
H.R. 1152. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:57 Feb 19, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00021
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A18FE7.027
H18FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 20-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H538 
February 18, 2021 
Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion 
By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York: 
H.R. 1153. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. MCEACHIN: 
H.R. 1154. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. MCGOVERN: 
H.R. 1155. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 and Clause 18 
By Mr. MCKINLEY: 
H.R. 1156. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1: Section 8—Powers of Congress. 
To make all laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the 
foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-
ed by this Constitution in the Government of 
the United States, or in any Department or 
the Officer Thereof. 
By Mr. MEEKS: 
H.R. 1157. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution. 
By Ms. MENG: 
H.R. 1158. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion. 
[Page H10170] 
By Ms. MOORE of Wisconsin: 
H.R. 1159. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. MURPHY of North Carolina: 
H.R. 1160. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United 
States Constitution 
By Mr. NEGUSE: 
H.R. 1161. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. NEGUSE: 
H.R. 1162. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H.R. 1163. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the 
Constitution. 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H.R. 1164. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the 
Constitution. 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H.R. 1165. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the 
Constitution. 
By Mr. PALMER: 
H.R. 1166. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1. Section 8. Clause 18 
By Mr. PAPPAS: 
H.R. 1167. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8 Clause 18 provides Con-
gress with the power ‘‘to make all Laws 
which shall be necessary and proper for car-
rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, 
and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-
tion in the Government of the United States, 
or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
By Mr. PERRY: 
H.R. 1168. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section VIII of the United States 
Constitution 
By Mr. PERRY: 
H.R. 1169. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section VIII of the United States 
Constitution 
By Ms. PORTER: 
H.R. 1170. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Mr. PRICE of North Carolina: 
H.R. 1171. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The first clause of Article I, Section 8, 
reads, ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to lay 
and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Ex-
cises, to pay the Debts and provide for the 
common Defence and general Welfare of the 
United States . . .’’ 
By Mr. PRICE of North Carolina: 
H.R. 1172. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The first clause of Article I, Section 8, 
reads, ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to lay 
and collect taxes, Duties, Imposts and Ex-
cises, to pay the Debts and provide for the 
common Defence and general Welfare of the 
United States . . .’’ 
By Mr. RESCHENTHALER: 
H.R. 1173. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article One Section Eight 
By Mr. ROSENDALE: 
H.R. 1174. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
bill rests is the power of Congress to dispose 
of and make all needful Rules and Regula-
tions respecting the Territory and other 
Property belonging to the United States as 
enumerated in Article IV, Section 3, Clause 
2. 
By Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD: 
H.R. 1175. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, to make all laws nec-
essary and proper to carry out the powers of 
the Government. 
By Mr. RUSH: 
H.R. 1176. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Ms. SA´ NCHEZ: 
H.R. 1177. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8 
By Ms. SPEIER: 
H.R. 1178. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 
8 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. SUOZZI: 
H.R. 1179. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. TAKANO: 
H.R. 1180. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8. 
By Mr. TAKANO: 
H.R. 1181. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. TAKANO: 
H.R. 1182. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. TAKANO: 
H.R. 1183. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8. 
By Mr. TONKO: 
H.R. 1184. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. TRONE: 
H.R. 1185. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. VAN DREW: 
H.R. 1186. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress shall have power to lay and 
collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to 
pay the debts and provide for the common 
defense and general welfare of the United 
States; but all duties, imposts and excises 
shall be uniform throughout the United 
States. 
By Mr. VARGAS: 
H.R. 1187. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
(1) To regulate commerce with foreign na-
tions, and among the several states, and with 
the Indian tribes, as enumerated in Article 1, 
Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution; 
(2) To make all laws necessary and proper 
for executing powers vested by the Constitu-
tion in the Government of the United States, 
as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 
18 of the United States Constitution. 
By Ms. VELA´ ZQUEZ: 
H.R. 1188. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
The Congress shall have Power . . . To 
regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, 
and among the several States, and with the 
Indian Tribes. 
By Mr. YOUNG: 
H.R. 1189. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
The Constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-
cle I, Section 8 of the United States Con-
stitution (clauses 3 and 18), which grants 
Congress the power to regulate Commerce 
with foreign Nations, and among the several 
states, and with the Indian Tribes; and to 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and 
proper for carrying into Execution the fore-
going powers. 
By Mr. CARBAJAL: 
H.R. 1190. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 14 
By Ms. VELA´ ZQUEZ: 
H.R. 1191. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:18 May 20, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00022
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\RECORD21\FEBRUARY\H18FE1.REC
H18FE1
abonner on DSKJLXR7X2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
 CORRECTION

 -Page 21-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H539 
February 18, 2021 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 
The 
Congress 
shall 
have 
Power 
to . . . provide for the . . . general Welfare 
of the United States; . . . 
By Mr. LOUDERMILK: 
H.J. Res. 26. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article V of the Constitution. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-
tions, as follows: 
H.R. 1: Mrs. MURPHY
of Florida, Mr. 
MCEACHIN, and Ms. WEXTON. 
H.R. 18: Mr. BUCSHON, Mr. FULCHER, and 
Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 28: Mrs. MILLER of Illinois. 
H.R. 37: Mrs. GREENE of Georgia. 
H.R. 40: Mr. SABLAN, Mr. MALINOWSKI, Mr. 
CORREA, Ms. ROSS, and Mr. GARAMENDI. 
H.R. 45: Mrs. GREENE of Georgia. 
H.R. 46: Mr. ROSENDALE. 
H.R. 49: Ms. ESHOO, Mr. CARSON, and Mr. 
HORSFORD. 
H.R. 51: Mr. SAN NICOLAS and Ms. STRICK-
LAND. 
H.R. 53: Mrs. GREENE of Georgia. 
H.R. 55: Ms. MATSUI, Mr. PHILLIPS, Ms. 
BASS, Mr. MRVAN, and Ms. GARCIA of Texas. 
H.R. 58: Mrs. GREENE of Georgia. 
H.R. 63: Mrs. GREENE of Georgia. 
H.R. 65: Ms. LEE of California, Ms. MENG, 
Ms. DEAN, Mrs. BUSTOS, Mr. BEYER, Ms. SE-
WELL, Mr. CASTEN, Mr. MOULTON, Mrs. 
HAYES, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY, Ms. NORTON, Mr. 
GARAMENDI, Mr. NEGUSE, Mr. GRIJALVA, Mr. 
MCNERNEY, Ms. ESHOO, Mr. WELCH, and Mr. 
COOPER. 
H.R. 82: Mr. RUPPERSBERGER, Mr. CASE, Ms. 
TLAIB, Mr. PANETTA, Ms. BONAMICI, Mr. VAN 
DREW, and Ms. Sa´nchez. 
H.R. 97: Mr. JEFFRIES. 
H.R. 151: Mr. EVANS, Ms. NEWMAN, Mr. 
DEFAZIO, Mr. CICILLINE, Mr. GARCI´A of Illi-
nois, Mrs. MCBATH, Ms. SPEIER, Ms. NORTON, 
Ms. TLAIB, Mr. SMUCKER, Mr. HUFFMAN, Mr. 
HIMES, and Mr. CROW. 
H.R. 164: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. 
H.R. 197: Mrs. WALORSKI. 
H.R. 199: Ms. SEWELL, Mr. TONKO, and Mr. 
SOTO. 
H.R. 239: Ms. HOULAHAN. 
H.R. 246: Mr. GOOD of Virginia. 
H.R. 255: Mr. SAN NICOLAS, Mr. NEGUSE, Mr. 
JOHNSON
of Georgia, Mr. CLEAVER, Mr. 
GARCI´A of Illinois, and Mr. GARAMENDI. 
H.R. 256: Mr. SAN NICOLAS, Mr. NEGUSE, Mr. 
SCHWEIKERT, Mr. SMITH of Washington, Mr. 
JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. HORSFORD, Ms. MAT-
SUI, 
Mr. 
GARCI´A
of 
Illinois, 
and 
Mr. 
GARAMENDI. 
H.R. 259: Ms. DELAURO and Mr. SAN NICO-
LAS. 
H.R. 262: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. 
H.R. 263: Mr. POCAN, Mr. SCHNEIDER, Mr. 
ALLRED, Mrs. MCBATH, Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio, 
Mr. RYAN, Mr. DESAULNIER, Mr. MCCAUL, Mr. 
RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Ms. STEVENS, Mr. 
HUFFMAN, and Ms. ESCOBAR. 
H.R. 265: Mr. LOWENTHAL, Mr. COHEN, and 
Mr. CARBAJAL. 
H.R. 275: Mrs. WALORSKI. 
H.R. 304: Mr. HASTINGS and Mr. VAN DREW. 
H.R. 305: Mr. LARSON of Connecticut, Mr. 
MEEKS, Ms. MCCOLLUM, Mr. NEWHOUSE, Mr. 
MCHENRY, Mrs. MURPHY of Florida, and Mr. 
GREEN of Texas. 
H.R. 336: Mr. CLOUD. 
H.R. 337: Mr. PHILLIPS. 
H.R. 347: Mr. TONKO. 
H.R. 350: Ms. JACKSON
LEE, Mr. BLU-
MENAUER, Ms. WASSERMAN
SCHULTZ, Mrs. 
LURIA, Mr. RUSH, Ms. MOORE of Wisconsin, 
Mr. KEATING, Mrs. TORRES of California, Mr. 
MALINOWSKI, Ms. MENG, Mr. COOPER, Mr. 
SUOZZI, Mr. Michael F. DOYLE of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. KIM of New Jersey, Ms. CLARK of 
Massachusetts, Mr. BISHOP of Georgia, Mrs. 
MCBATH, Mr. HIGGINS
of New York, Ms. 
ESCOBAR, Ms. SCANLON, Mr. PETERS, Ms. 
BROWNLEY, Mr. PALLONE, Miss RICE of New 
York, Ms. Sa´nchez, Mr. PASCRELL, Mr. PHIL-
LIPS, Mr. O’HALLERAN, Ms. TITUS, Mr. TRONE, 
and Ms. SEWELL. 
H.R. 354: Mr. OWENS. 
H.R. 362: Mr. POSEY. 
H.R. 369: Mrs. AXNE. 
H.R. 384: Ms. CHU. 
H.R. 391: Ms. OMAR and Mr. SAN NICOLAS. 
H.R. 392: Mr. VAN DREW. 
H.R. 459: Ms. OMAR and Ms. TLAIB. 
H.R. 460: Mr. NADLER, Ms. DEAN, and Mr. 
SOTO. 
H.R. 465: Ms. DELBENE, Mr. HARDER of Cali-
fornia, and Mr. HIGGINS of New York. 
H.R. 471: Mr. MULLIN and Mr. CLOUD. 
H.R. 477: Mr. DEFAZIO. 
H.R. 485: Mr. MRVAN, Ms. OMAR, Mr. 
DESAULNIER, Mr. STAUBER, and Ms. JAYAPAL. 
H.R. 492: Mr. PHILLIPS. 
H.R. 498: Mr. HARDER of California, Mr. 
BAIRD, and Mr. CASE. 
H.R. 499: Mr. CARTER
of Texas, Mr. 
WENSTRUP, Mr. MAST, and Mr. BARR. 
H.R. 525: Mr. COHEN. 
H.R. 529: Mrs. HAYES. 
H.R. 530: Mrs. HAYES. 
H.R. 534: Mr. ROY. 
H.R. 535: Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI
and Mr. 
LEVIN of California. 
H.R. 541: Mr. GRIFFITH. 
H.R. 543: Mr. KELLER and Mr. BUCSHON. 
H.R. 544: Ms. ESHOO. 
H.R. 545: Ms. KUSTER. 
H.R. 551: Ms. MOORE
of Wisconsin, Ms. 
MENG, and Ms. BONAMICI. 
H.R. 564: Ms. BARRAGA´ N. 
H.R. 565: Mr. GIMENEZ. 
H.R. 567: Mr. SHERMAN, Mr. CONNOLLY, and 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. 
H.R. 571: Ms. KELLY of Illinois. 
H.R. 572: Mr. PALLONE, Mr. SAN NICOLAS, 
Mr. DOGGETT, Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER, and Mr. 
FOSTER. 
H.R. 576: Ms. SCANLON. 
H.R. 596: Mr. HASTINGS, Mrs. LURIA, Mr. 
SAN NICOLAS, and Mr. KAHELE. 
H.R. 
604: 
Mr. 
MRVAN, 
Ms. 
LEGER 
FERNANDEZ, Mr. BOWMAN, Ms. PLASKETT, Mr. 
ALLRED, Mr. QUIGLEY, and Mr. CARTWRIGHT. 
H.R. 613: Mr. AUCHINCLOSS, Mr. BERA, Mr. 
BROWN, Mr. CONNOLLY, Mr. MICHAEL
F. 
DOYLE
of Pennsylvania, Mr. GOMEZ, Mr. 
HARDER of California, Ms. JACOBS of Cali-
fornia, Mr. KEATING, Mr. KHANNA, Mr. KIM of 
New Jersey, Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI, Mr. LEVIN 
of California, Mr. LOWENTHAL, Mrs. MCBATH, 
Mr. MFUME, Mr. PALLONE, Mr. PETERS, Mr. 
RUSH, Mr. PRICE of North Carolina, Mrs. 
TRAHAN, Ms. CRAIG, Ms. WILD, Ms. PORTER, 
Mr. FOSTER, Mr. GARAMENDI, Ms. BONAMICI, 
Mrs. HAYES, Mr. MCNERNEY, Mr. RASKIN, Mr. 
CORREA, Mr. CICILLINE, Miss RICE of New 
York, Mr. MCGOVERN, and Mr. RUPPERS-
BERGER. 
H.R. 620: Mr. JORDAN. 
H.R. 628: Mr. ROUZER. 
H.R. 637: Mr. GARCI´A of California. 
H.R. 651: Mr. SAN NICOLAS. 
H.R. 656: Mr. SAN NICOLAS. 
H.R. 657: Ms. OMAR and Mr. SAN NICOLAS. 
H.R. 676: Mr. MRVAN, Ms. OMAR, and Mr. 
BOWMAN. 
H.R. 677: Mr. TIMMONS. 
H.R. 682: Mr. STEUBE, Mr. CAWTHORN, Mrs. 
FISCHBACH, and Mr. MANN. 
H.R. 684: Mr. CRAWFORD, Mr. LOUDERMILK, 
Mr. LATURNER, Ms. TENNEY, and Mr. NEHLS. 
H.R. 685: Mrs. LURIA. 
H.R. 695: Mr. OBERNOLTE and Mr. LEVIN of 
California. 
H.R. 707: Mrs. BOEBERT, Ms. ESHOO, Ms. 
HERRELL, Mr. CARBAJAL, Mr. HUDSON, Ms. 
GRANGER, Mr. LATURNER, Mr. WESTERMAN, 
Mr. CAWTHORN, Ms. NEWMAN, Mr. GIMENEZ, 
and Mr. VALADAO. 
H.R. 708: Mr. BILIRAKIS. 
H.R. 710: Ms. CHU. 
H.R. 712: Ms. ESHOO. 
H.R. 714: Mr. C. SCOTT FRANKLIN of Florida. 
H.R. 721: Ms. WEXTON and Mr. AGUILAR. 
H.R. 729: Mr. MRVAN. 
H.R. 730: Mr. MOULTON. 
H.R. 744: Ms. MCCOLLUM, Mr. DESAULNIER, 
Ms. BUSH, Ms. CHU, Mr. FOSTER, Mr. LEVIN of 
California, Mr. NADLER, Mr. SAN NICOLAS, 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN, Mr. HASTINGS, Mrs. 
DEMINGS, Ms. OMAR, and Ms. CASTOR of Flor-
ida. 
H.R. 754: Mr. CLOUD. 
H.R. 756: Mr. ROSENDALE. 
H.R. 763: Ms. CASTOR of Florida. 
H.R. 783: Mr. SMITH of Washington, Mr. 
LOWENTHAL, Ms. PINGREE, Mrs. KIRKPATRICK, 
and Mr. DELGADO. 
H.R. 793: Mr. ESPAILLAT, Mr. CRIST, Ms. 
MATSUI, Mr. HASTINGS, Mrs. LURIA, Mr. KIL-
DEE, 
Ms. 
CLARK
of 
Massachusetts, 
Mr. 
TAKANO, 
Mr. 
MEEKS, 
Mr. 
POSEY, 
Mr. 
GOTTHEIMER, Ms. NORTON, Ms. KAPTUR, Ms. 
SPEIER, Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD, Ms.BROWNLEY, 
Ms. SLOTKIN, Ms. BARRAGA´ N, Mr. CROW, and 
Mr. COURTNEY. 
H.R. 795: Mr. RESCHENTHALER
and Ms. 
JAYAPAL. 
H.R. 802: Mr. LYNCH. 
H.R. 804: Ms. SLOTKIN. 
H.R. 809: Mr. FITZPATRICK. 
H.R. 815: Ms. ESHOO and Ms. NEWMAN. 
H.R. 816: Ms. OMAR, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY, Ms. 
DEGETTE, Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-
vania, Ms. MOORE of Wisconsin, Mr. DANNY 
K. DAVIS
of Illinois, Mr. HASTINGS, Ms. 
SLOTKIN, and Mr. SOTO. 
H.R. 818: Mr. BAIRD and Ms. STEFANIK. 
H.R. 819: Mr. ZELDIN, Mr. CRENSHAW, and 
Mr. CHABOT. 
H.R. 824: Ms. HERRELL, Mr. HICE of Geor-
gia, and Mr. MANN. 
H.R. 835: Mr. GREEN of Texas and Ms. LEE 
of California. 
H.R. 846: Ms. SCANLON. 
H.R. 852: Mr. RUTHERFORD, Ms. SLOTKIN, 
and Mr. KHANNA. 
H.R. 861: Mr. FOSTER. 
H.R. 869: Ms. BARRAGA´ N, Mr. BRENDAN F. 
BOYLE
of Pennsylvania, Mr. CARSON, Ms. 
CLARKE of New York, Mrs. DEMINGS, Mrs. 
FLETCHER, Mr. GRIJALVA, Mr. HARDER
of 
California, Ms. JAYAPAL, Mrs. LAWRENCE, Ms. 
LEE of California, Ms. LEGER FERNANDEZ, Mr. 
LEVIN
of Michigan, Mr. LOWENTHAL, Mr. 
MCCAUL, Ms. MCCOLLUM, Mr. MCGOVERN, Ms. 
PINGREE, Ms. SLOTKIN, Ms. STRICKLAND, Ms. 
LOFGREN, Mr. DESAULNIER, Mr. MICHAEL F. 
DOYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. GARAMENDI, Mr. 
THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. SESSIONS, Mr. 
PRICE of North Carolina, Mr. LAWSON of Flor-
ida, Mr. PANETTA, and Mr. HASTINGS. 
H.R. 870: Mr. MEEKS. 
H.R. 875: Mr. CLOUD. 
H.R. 877: Mr. JACKSON, Mr. JORDAN, Mr. 
LAMALFA, Mr. KELLER, and Mr. LATTA. 
H.R. 881: Mr. PASCRELL, Mrs. WATSON COLE-
MAN, Mr. AUCHINCLOSS, Ms. SEWELL, Mrs. 
MCBATH, and Mrs. HAYES. 
H.R. 884: Mr. SIRES. 
H.R. 886: Mr. COHEN. 
H.R. 890: Mr. BROWN, Mr. LAMB, Mr. SMITH 
of Washington, Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. SAN NICOLAS, Mr. FOSTER, Mrs. WATSON 
COLEMAN, Mr. HASTINGS, Mr. COSTA, and Mr. 
PAYNE. 
H.R. 892: Mr. BOST and Mr. DUNN. 
H.R. 893: Mr. CLINE. 
H.R. 894: Mr. KELLER and Mr. BROOKS. 
H.R. 895: Mr. COSTA, Ms. PINGREE, and Mr. 
STAUBER. 
H.R. 899: Mr. GOHMERT. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:57 Feb 19, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00023
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A18FE7.034
H18FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 22-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H540 
February 18, 2021 
H.R. 903: Mr. LYNCH, Mr. PAYNE, Mrs. 
DEMINGS, Mr. CLEAVER, Mr. TORRES of New 
York, Ms. DEGETTE, Ms. NORTON, Ms. MOORE 
of Wisconsin, Mr. CROW, Mr. SMITH of Wash-
ington, Mr. VARGAS, Ms. ESCOBAR, Mr. 
MOULTON, Mr. LOWENTHAL, Mr. MICHAEL F. 
DOYLE
of Pennsylvania, Mr. FOSTER, Mr. 
SUOZZI, Ms. HOULAHAN, Mr. ESPAILLAT, Mr. 
COSTA, Mr. KIM of New Jersey, Mr. WELCH, 
Mr.HUFFMAN, Mr. GARAMENDI, Mr. PASCRELL, 
Ms. MENG, Mr. LAMB, Mr. RUSH, Mrs. HAYES, 
Mrs. BEATTY, Ms. DELBENE, Ms. KAPTUR, Mr. 
LEVIN
of 
Michigan, 
Mrs. 
LURIA, 
Mr. 
FITZPATRICK, Mr. ZELDIN, Mr. SIRES, Mr. 
PHILLIPS, and Mr. VAN DREW. 
H.R. 907: Ms. SCANLON, Mr. HASTINGS, and 
Mrs. HAYES. 
H.R. 908: Ms. DEGETTE, Mr. SAN NICOLAS, 
and Mr. CARSON. 
H.R. 909: Ms. WILLIAMS of Georgia. 
H.R. 910: Mr. RYAN and Mr. CASE. 
H.R. 914: Mr. MORELLE, Mr. QUIGLEY, Mr. 
SIRES, and Ms. STRICKLAND. 
H.R. 917: Mrs. NAPOLITANO. 
H.R. 918: Mr. SOTO. 
H.R. 921: Ms. HOULAHAN and Mr. LAMB. 
H.R. 922: Mr. FITZPATRICK. 
H.R. 923: Ms. KAPTUR. 
H.R. 928: Mr. RUIZ. 
H.R. 955: Mrs. BEATTY. 
H.R. 959: Mr. POCAN. 
H.R. 963: Ms. ESHOO, Mr. CROW, Mr. 
ALLRED, Mr. KAHELE, Ms. LOFGREN, and Ms. 
ROYBAL-ALLARD. 
H.R. 965: Mr. HASTINGS, Mr. RUSH, Mr. 
THOMPSON
of Mississippi, Mr. SIRES, Mr. 
COHEN, Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. CARSON, 
Ms. SEWELL, Mrs. BEATTY, Mr. CASTRO of 
Texas, Ms. MENG, Mr. EVANS, Mr. HORSFORD, 
Ms. OMAR, Ms. BUSH, and Ms. NORTON. 
H.R. 968: Mr. ARRINGTON and Mr. NORMAN. 
H.R. 
970: 
Mr. 
RESCHENTHALER, 
Mr. 
CARBAJAL, and Mrs. STEEL. 
H.R. 985: Mr. MCNERNEY. 
H.R. 992: Mr. WILSON of South Carolina, 
Mr. GAETZ, and Mr. GOSAR. 
H.R. 993: Mr. ROY, Mr. BUDD, Mr. HICE of 
Georgia, Mr. BIGGS, Mr. DAVIDSON, Ms. 
HERRELL, Mr. MOONEY, and Mrs. BOEBERT. 
H.R. 997: Mr. ALLEN. 
H.R. 1009: Mr. SAN NICOLAS, Ms. GARCIA of 
Texas, and Mr. BERA. 
H.R. 1010: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN and Ms. 
NORTON. 
H.R. 1012: Mr. PAPPAS, Mrs. LURIA, and Mr. 
CAWTHORN. 
H.R. 1013: Mr. WEBER of Texas, Mr. NOR-
MAN, Mr. BUDD, Mr. LAMBORN, and Mr. KELLY 
of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1034: Ms. MOORE of Wisconsin and Mrs. 
HAYES. 
H.R. 1035: Mr. FITZPATRICK, Ms. BONAMICI, 
Mr. NEGUSE, Ms. TLAIB, Mr. DEFAZIO, and 
Ms. NORTON. 
H.R. 1052: Ms. BROWNLEY, Mr. COHEN, Ms. 
MCCOLLUM, Ms. NORTON, Ms. DEGETTE, Mr. 
MCEACHIN, and Mr. HASTINGS. 
H.R. 1062: Mr. ARMSTRONG, Mr. BERGMAN, 
Mrs. BUSTOS, Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Penn-
sylvania, Mr. MOONEY, and Mr. MOOLENAAR. 
H.R. 1065: Ms. BONAMICI, Mr. ESPAILLAT, 
Ms. OCASIO-CORTEZ, Ms. SPEIER, Ms. TLAIB, 
Mr. LYNCH, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY, Mr. SHERMAN, 
Miss RICE of New York, Ms. HOULAHAN, Ms. 
NEWMAN, Mr. WELCH, Mr. KIM of New Jersey, 
Mr. LARSON of Connecticut, Mr. DANNY K. 
DAVIS
of 
Illinois, 
Ms. 
KAPTUR, 
Mr. 
GARAMENDI, Mr. EVANS, Mr. PRICE of North 
Carolina, Ms. MENG, Mr. CARBAJAL, Mr. 
PETERS, Ms. ESCOBAR, Mr. VEASEY, Mr. FOS-
TER, 
Ms. 
BLUNT
ROCHESTER, 
Mr. 
BLU-
MENAUER, Mr. COOPER, Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. 
DEFAZIO, Mrs. BEATTY, Mr. POCAN, Ms. 
MOORE of Wisconsin, Mr. CLEAVER, Mr. LEVIN 
of Michigan, Ms. GARCIA of Texas, Ms. CAS-
TOR of Florida, Mrs. TRAHAN, Mr. GARCI´A of 
Illinois, Mr. PANETTA, Mr. CARTWRIGHT, Ms. 
SEWELL, Mr. CA´ RDENAS, Ms. LOIS FRANKEL of 
Florida, Ms. VELA´ ZQUEZ, Mr. KEATING, Mr. 
RUIZ, Mr. TONKO, Mr. AGUILAR, MS. ROYBAL- 
ALLARD, Mr. RYAN, Mr. DEUTCH, Mr. KHANNA, 
Mr. FITZPATRICK, Mr. DOGGETT, Mrs. CARO-
LYN B. MALONEY of New York, Mr. RUPPERS-
BERGER, Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. 
MCCOLLUM, Mr. LOWENTHAL, Mrs. DINGELL, 
Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, 
Mr. JONES, Mr. PAPPAS, Ms. SCHRIER, Mr. 
LANGEVIN, Mr. HIGGINS of New York, Mr. 
KAHELE, Ms. SCANLON, Mr. MORELLE, Ms. 
DEGETTE, Ms. NORTON, Ms. DELAURO, Ms. 
JAYAPAL, Mr. SMITH of Washington, Ms. LEE 
of California, Ms. BARRAGA´ N, Mr. MICHAEL F. 
DOYLE
of Pennsylvania, Mr. CARSON, Mr. 
SCHNEIDER, Mr. SIRES, Ms. OMAR, Mr. COHEN, 
Mrs. LAWRENCE, Ms. CRAIG, Mr. CICILLINE, 
Mr. MRVAN, Mr. MOULTON, Ms. ADAMS, Mr. 
HIMES, Mr. KILDEE, Mr. BUTTERFIELD, Mr. 
VAN
DREW, Mr. PAYNE, Ms. WASSERMAN 
SCHULTZ, Ms. BROWNLEY, Ms. PRESSLEY, Mr. 
VARGAS, Ms. STEVENS, Mr. BISHOP of Geor-
gia, Mr. BERA, Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Ms. 
WILD, Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Mr. SWALWELL, 
Ms. DEAN, Mr. HUFFMAN, Ms. TITUS, Mr. 
O’HALLERAN, Mr. VELA, Ms. WEXTON, Mr. 
SARBANES, Mr. BROWN, Ms. SPANBERGER, Ms. 
PORTER, Ms. JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. FORTEN-
BERRY, Ms. SHERRILL, Ms. BASS, Mrs. LURIA, 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. LIEU, Mr. 
MCEACHIN, Mr. LAWSON of Florida, Mr. DIAZ- 
BALART, Mr. HARDER
of California, Mr. 
BACON, Mrs. FLETCHER, Mr. CROW, Mr. CON-
NOLLY, Mr. GRIJALVA, Mr. VICENTE GONZALEZ 
of Texas, Mr. TRONE, Mrs. DEMINGS, Mr. 
MCNERNEY, Ms. UNDERWOOD, Mr. PASCRELL, 
Mr. CASTRO
of Texas, Mr. CASTEN, Ms. 
SA´ NCHEZ, 
Mrs. 
AXNE, 
Mr. 
COLE, 
Ms. 
STEFANIK, Mr. COURTNEY, Mr. LAMB, Mr. 
LEVIN
of 
California, 
Ms. 
CHU, 
Mr. 
KRISHNAMOORTHI, Ms. KUSTER, Ms. ESHOO, 
Mrs. HAYES, Mr. DESAULNIER, Mr. GONZALEZ 
of Ohio, Mr. HORSFORD, Ms. CLARK of Massa-
chusetts, Ms. ROSS, Mr. SUOZZI, Ms. JACOBS 
of California, Ms. STRICKLAND, Ms. BUSH, Mr. 
TORRES of New York, Mr. REED, Mr. NEAL, 
Mr. SAN NICOLAS, Mr. SABLAN, Ms. PINGREE, 
Mr. YARMUTH, Mr. BRENDAN
F. BOYLE
of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. MCCAUL, Mr. JEFFRIES, 
Mrs. BUSTOS, Mr. AUCHINCLOSS, Mr. BEYER, 
Mr. NEGUSE, Ms. DELBENE, Mrs. WAGNER, Mr. 
ALLRED, Mr. MCGOVERN, Mr. SCHIFF, Mr. 
RASKIN, Mr. QUIGLEY, Mr. COSTA, Ms. CLARKE 
of New York, Mr. HASTINGS, Mr. RUSH, Mr. 
GALLEGO, Ms. WILLIAMS
of Georgia, Mr. 
MEEKS, Mr. PHILLIPS, Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN, 
Mr. CRIST, Mr. GOMEZ, Mr. CUELLAR, Mr. 
SOTO, Mr. STANTON, Mr. PALLONE, Mr. KIL-
MER, Mr. LARSEN of Washington, Ms. LEGER 
FERNANDEZ, Mrs. TORRES of California, Mrs. 
KIRKPATRICK, Mr. MALINOWSKI, Ms. MATSUI, 
Mr. PERLMUTTER, Mr. CORREA, Mr. TAKANO, 
Mr. GREEN
of Texas, Mr. MFUME, Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO, Mrs. MURPHY of Florida, and 
Mr. KIND. 
H.R. 1080: Mr. FULCHER. 
H.R. 1082: Ms. STEFANIK. 
H.J. Res. 3: Mr. LATURNER, Mr. LATTA, and 
Mr. BILIRAKIS. 
H.J. Res. 11: Mr. OWENS, Mr. HIGGINS of 
Louisiana, Mr. TAYLOR, Ms. VAN DUYNE, Ms. 
STEFANIK, and Mr. BUDD. 
H.J. Res. 25: Mr. NORMAN, Mrs. MILLER of 
Illinois, and Mr. STEUBE. 
H. Con. Res. 3: Mr. DESAULNIER. 
H. Res. 29: Mr. NADLER, Mr. MCGOVERN, Mr. 
MCNERNEY, Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER, and Mr. 
SAN NICOLAS. 
H. Res. 30: Mrs. HAYES, Mr. SAN NICOLAS, 
and Mr. BROWN. 
H. Res. 47: Mr. LEVIN of California, Mr. 
STIVERS, Mr. DESAULNIER, Mr. LAMB, Mr. 
CICILLINE, Mr. FITZPATRICK, Ms. WEXTON, Ms. 
MATSUI, Mr. CONNOLLY, Mr. SIRES, Mr. 
BRENDAN
F. BOYLE
of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
HARDER of California, and Mr. JOHNSON of 
Ohio. 
H. Res. 61: Mr. MAST. 
H. 
Res. 
64: 
Mr. 
CORREA, 
Ms. 
LEGER 
FERNANDEZ, and Ms. SCANLON. 
H. Res. 67: Mr. POCAN and Mrs. HAYES. 
H. Res. 70: Ms. KUSTER. 
H. Res. 71: Mrs. MCBATH, Ms. SCANLON, Mr. 
MURPHY of North Carolina, Ms. SHERRILL, 
and Ms. TITUS. 
H. Res. 81: Mrs. WALORSKI. 
H. Res. 88: Mr. HASTINGS and Mr. SAN NICO-
LAS. 
H. Res. 99: Mr. PAYNE, Mrs. DINGELL, Mr. 
WEBER of Texas, Mr. SCHRADER, Mr. CHABOT, 
Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
NORMAN, Mr. ALLEN, Mr. GRAVES of Missouri, 
Ms. CRAIG, Ms. HOULAHAN, Mr. PALLONE, Mr. 
COMER, Mr. FITZPATRICK, and Mrs. AXNE. 
H. Res. 104: Ms. PINGREE, Mr. MORELLE, Mr. 
PAYNE, Mr. LOWENTHAL, Mr. NADLER, Mrs. 
BEATTY, Mr. EVANS, Ms. DEGETTE, Ms. NOR-
TON, Mr. CROW, Ms. PRESSLEY, Mr. CA´ RDENAS, 
Ms. BUSH, Mr. KEATING, Mr. HASTINGS, Mr. 
SUOZZI, Mr. SAN NICOLAS, Ms. NEWMAN, Mr. 
ESPAILLAT, Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, Ms. 
MCCOLLUM, Ms. BASS, Ms. TLAIB, Ms. ESHOO, 
Mrs. WATSON
COLEMAN, Mr. RASKIN, Ms. 
BONAMICI, Mr. GARCI´A of Illinois, Mr. JONES, 
Mr. SCHIFF, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY, and Ms. MENG. 
H. Res. 106: Mr. CARSON and Ms. NORTON. 
H. Res. 108: Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mrs. 
TRAHAN, Mr. AUCHINCLOSS, Mr. HIGGINS of 
New York, Ms. SCANLON, and Ms. MENG. 
H. Res. 109: Ms. NORTON, Mr. RYAN, Ms. 
MCCOLLUM, Mr. AGUILAR, Mr. THOMPSON of 
California, Mr. CASTEN, Mr. BOST, Mr. 
ESPAILLAT, Mr. GARAMENDI, Ms. KAPTUR, Mr. 
POCAN, Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New 
York, Mr. DESAULNIER, Mr. BOWMAN, Mr. 
DELGADO, Mr. HARDER of California, Mr. HIG-
GINS of New York, Mr. TONKO, Mr. COURTNEY, 
and Ms. MENG. 
H. Res. 114: Mr. THOMPSON of California, 
Mr. SUOZZI, and Mr. ZELDIN. 
H. Res. 117: Mr. BILIRAKIS, Ms. OMAR, and 
Mrs. HARSHBARGER. 
H. Res. 118: Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, 
Mr. 
DESAULNIER, 
Mr. 
VAN
DREW, 
Mr. 
GIMENEZ, Mr. HERN, Mrs. BICE of Oklahoma, 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, and Mr. PENCE. 
H. Res. 120: Mr. GREEN of Texas, Mr. CROW, 
and Mr. PASCRELL. 
H. Res. 121: Mr. COHEN, Mr. CARSON, Mr. 
BLUMENAUER, and Ms. KUSTER. 
H. Res. 127: Mr. ALLEN, Mr. DONALDS, Mr. 
ESTES, Mr. JACOBS of New York, and Mr. 
MCCLINTOCK. 
H. Res. 128: Mr. CLEAVER, Mr. VAN DREW, 
Mr. MCGOVERN, and Mr. GRIJALVA. 
f 
PETITIONS, ETC. 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
PT-1. The SPEAKER presented a petition 
of Mr. Gregory D. Watson, a private citizen, 
relative to requesting the enactment of Fed-
eral legislation that would disallow a mere 
credit inquiry from becoming, in and of 
itself, a blemish upon a person’s credit-wor-
thiness; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Financial Services. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:57 Feb 19, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00024
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A18FE7.019
H18FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 23-
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E137 
February 18, 2021 
COMMEMORATING 
THE 
CENTEN-
NIAL OF TROOP 1 CONIMICUT 
HON. JAMES R. LANGEVIN 
OF RHODE ISLAND 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, February 18, 2021 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Madam Speaker, this Sun-
day, February 21, 2021, marks the 100th anni-
versary of Boy Scout Troop 1 Conimicut, the 
oldest scout troop in my hometown of War-
wick, Rhode Island. Over the past century, 
Troop 1 Conimicut has served its community, 
fostered lifelong friendships, and helped its 
members grow into confident and upstanding 
citizens. 
On February 21, 1921, three adults and five 
young men founded Troop 1 Conimicut at the 
Woodbury Union Presbyterian Church in War-
wick. The Troop quickly grew, so much so that 
by the 1930s, it was the second largest in the 
Narragansett Council. By the 1950s, Troop 1 
Conimicut had more than 150 scouts, and in 
1952, produced its first Eagle Scout, Mr. Rob-
ert L. Richardson, who remains the namesake 
of one of the Troop’s most distinguished 
awards. By the early 1970s, the Troop 
reached another milestone when Mr. Alan J. 
Whittaker, a Troop 1 Conimicut Eagle Scout, 
became its first ‘‘homegrown’’ scoutmaster. 
Mr. Whittaker’s passion for the Troop is evi-
dent from his continued involvement to this 
day. 
Throughout its century of existence, Troop 1 
Conimicut has engaged in many meaningful 
service projects. Some notable examples in-
clude collecting food for the Rhode Island 
Food Bank and other pantries, compiling toi-
letry kits for homeless veterans, and packing 
backpacks with supplies to distribute to foster 
families. Scouts have also refurbished War-
wick’s Sand Pond Trail, repaired the band 
room at Pilgrim High School, and constructed 
a fire pit to properly retire American flags at a 
local American Legion Post. 
Today, Troop 1 Conimicut continues to meet 
weekly at the Woodbury Union Church and re-
mains 
an 
organization 
committed 
to 
mentorship, service, and growth. I congratu-
late Troop 1 Conimicut of Warwick on its cen-
tennial and commend its positive contributions 
to our community. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THOMAS 
YODER 
HON. JOHN JOYCE 
OF PENNSYLVANIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, February 18, 2021 
Mr. JOYCE of the Pennsylvania. Madam 
Speaker, I rise to congratulate Thomas Yoder 
on his appointment to Huntingdon Borough’s 
newlyformed human relations commission. 
The goal of the commission is to ensure 
equal access to employment, housing, and 
other public services to all people, regardless 
of race, sex, ethnicity, and other protected cat-
egories. Local governments have a responsi-
bility to ensure the constitutional and legal 
rights of their citizens are observed, and I 
know that leaders like Mr. Yoder in Hun-
tingdon take that responsibility seriously. 
On behalf of Pennsylvania’s 13th Congres-
sional District, I thank Mr. Yoder for his leader-
ship and service to Huntingdon Borough and 
congratulate him on being appointed to this 
commission. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY 
OF 
MR. 
ANDREW 
‘‘DREW’’ 
DEGRAFFENREIDT III 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, February 18, 2021 
Mr. HASTINGS. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the life and legacy of Mr. An-
drew DeGraffenreidt III. Andrew was the per-
fect embodiment of the saying: ‘‘find some-
thing you love, and you will never work a day 
of your life’’, as he continued to passionately 
study and practice law until the very end with 
the sole motivation to help others. As a de-
voted lawyer he tirelessly worked to assist oth-
ers and his community. We have lost a great 
leader, a loving father, and a dear friend. 
Andrew dedicated his life to mastering law 
and guiding young professionals in the legal 
community. He touched many lives during his 
extensive and successful legal career that 
spanned over 43 years until his untimely pass-
ing. Andrew was deeply committed to his com-
munity and his legal career, and like so many 
incredible individuals, his story had humble 
beginnings. Andrew’s first job after graduating 
from the University of Miami Law School was 
serving as a Research Aide for General Coun-
sel of Broward County, Florida. He then 
served as Deputy City Attorney for the city of 
Hollywood, Florida, and later became the city 
of Hollywood’s first African American City At-
torney. Additionally, during his successful ca-
reer Andrew practiced private law where he 
led his own law firm twice. Furthermore, his 
extensive litigation experience in civil law set 
him apart from other attorneys, and his wealth 
of knowledge ultimately led him to serve as 
City Attorney of Riviera Beach, Florida, a posi-
tion he valiantly held until 2019. 
From 2019 to the present, Andrew spent his 
time handling select cases, and serving as an 
insightful and experienced mentor to young 
lawyers. He truly embodied the ethos of a 
‘‘life-long learner’’ and continued to serve his 
community to the end. 
To Andrew, family, faith, and love was of 
the utmost importance. As a member of Christ 
Family Worship Assembly his love for others 
was magnified through his commitment to 
God. He was most notably the devoted hus-
band of Mary Sheely DeGraffenreidt and the 
proud father of seven children: Tatanisha, 
Reghan, Shaundelyn, Kayla, Farren, Douglas, 
and Andrew IV. 
Madam 
Speaker, 
Mr. 
Andrew 
DeGraffenreidt III has indeed left an indelible 
mark on his loved ones, his community, and 
will be a role model for future generations to 
come. He will be dearly missed. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE ARKANSAS 
AGRICULTURE HALL OF FAME 
HON. BRUCE WESTERMAN 
OF ARKANSAS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, February 18, 2021 
Mr. WESTERMAN. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to celebrate the admission of the late 
R.R. Reynolds of Crossett and Joe Don 
Greenwood of Hermitage to the Arkansas Ag-
riculture Hall of Fame. These two Fourth Dis-
trict citizens are listed among those who have 
exemplified leadership and service to our 
state’s agriculture industry. 
As director of the Crossett Experimental 
Forest until 1969, the late R.R. Reynolds be-
came one of the leading voices in modern, 
sustainable forest management. He main-
tained a commitment to proper agriculture 
education with membership in the Society of 
American Foresters, and he led the effort to 
create the forestry degree program at what is 
now University of Arkansas at Monticello. 
Joe Don Greenwood, a 40-year veteran of 
agriculture education in Arkansas schools, led 
students to 41 state championships and 8 na-
tional championships in Future Farmers of 
America, 4–H, and Forestry. He also worked 
in tomato farming and served on various agri-
cultural advisory boards, proving his commit-
ment to agricultural excellence in all areas of 
life. 
As an agricultural engineer and the only 
professional forester in Congress, I can attest 
to the significant investments these two men 
have made in Arkansas agriculture. Not only 
do their contributions have a positive impact 
upon our state’s economic health, but their 
commitment to developing innovative agricul-
tural practices has and will continue to have a 
lasting effect on our future. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF 
WILLIAM EARL STONE 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, February 18, 2021 
Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Madam Speaker, 
I rise today to celebrate the life of William Earl 
Stone who passed away on February 3, 2021. 
Earl was a fixture in his community and will be 
deeply missed. 
Earl was born to Lela Bell Stone on March 
30, 1937. He graduated from Guntown High 
School in 1957 where he and Elaine Cook 
served as Vice President and President, re-
spectively. He worked at Toms Drugstore, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:30 Feb 19, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A18FE8.001
E18FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 24-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E138 
February 18, 2021 
where he perfected his milkshake recipe. He 
began his career in road construction at 
Boyer, Johnson and Kimes. He eventually be-
came a partner and then sole owner of the 
company. He served until his death as presi-
dent and board member of the Mississippi 
Road Builders Association. 
Earl went on to marry his class president, 
Elaine. The two spent 59 years together and 
had three children. The family were members 
of Friendship Baptist Church where Earl 
served as Church Clerk, Assistant Moderator, 
choir member and served on many commit-
tees. He was committed to the revitalization of 
downtown Baldwyn and was very connected 
to his family. 
Earl Stone was an outstanding Mississip-
pian and a man dedicated to his family and 
faith. He will be deeply missed. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE EMANCI-
PATION STATUE REMOVAL ACT 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, February 18, 2021 
Ms. NORTON. Madam Speaker, today, I 
rise to introduce the Emancipation Statue Re-
moval Act, the first in a series of statue and 
memorial removal bills I will introduce during 
Black History Month. The bill would remove 
the Emancipation Statue from Lincoln Park, a 
federal park in the District of Columbia, and 
require the Secretary of the Interior to donate 
the statue to a museum or a similar entity. 
The Emancipation Statue was dedicated on 
April 14, 1876, the 11th anniversary of Presi-
dent Abraham Lincoln’s assassination. Al-
though formerly enslaved Americans paid for 
this statue, it was designed and sculpted with-
out their input, and it shows. The paternalistic 
statue depicting a Black man on his knees in 
front of President Lincoln fails to recognize Af-
rican Americans’ agency in pressing for their 
own emancipation. 
Understandably, recently liberated African 
Americans during the Reconstruction era were 
grateful for any recognition of their freedom in 
a country where they still experienced virtually 
total exclusion from American life. However, 
even at the time of its unveiling, prominent 
Black Americans expressed their displeasure 
with the statue’s design, including Frederick 
Douglass. During his keynote address at the 
statue’s unveiling, Frederick Douglass point-
edly did not praise the statue. Rather, in a let-
ter to the editor of the National Republican a 
few days after the unveiling, Douglass ex-
pressed his dismay at the statue: ‘‘The negro 
here, though rising, is still on his knees and 
nude. What I want to see before I die is a 
monument representing the negro, not couch-
ant on his knees like a four-footed animal, but 
erect on his feet like a man.’’ 
At the end of last year, Boston removed its 
replica of the statue and plans to place it in a 
publicly accessible location where it can be 
better contextualized. It is time for Congress to 
place the original statue in a museum, too. 
I strongly urge my colleagues to support this 
legislation. 
IN RECOGNITION OF DR. 
CHRISTINE OLDHAM 
HON. JOHN JOYCE 
OF PENNSYLVANIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, February 18, 2021 
Mr. JOYCE of Pennsylvania. Madam Speak-
er, I rise to congratulate Dr. Christine Oldham, 
Superintendent of the Ligonier Valley School 
District, on her retirement. 
Dr. Oldham began her educational career 
as an elementary school teacher in 1988 in 
Camden, Delaware. She then served as an 
assistant principal at Westside Elementary 
School in the Greater Johnstown School Dis-
trict and as a principal in the Conemaugh 
Township School District. Before joining the 
Ligonier Valley School District, she served as 
the Superintendent of the Ferndale Area 
School District for five years. 
At the Ligonier Valley School District, Dr. 
Oldham has been recognized for her leader-
ship on key initiatives and projects. In accord-
ance with recent educational research, she in-
troduced a new, customized learning approach 
that allows students to proceed at their own 
pace while being supported by a teacher or 
learning coach. In 2008, she also oversaw the 
successful merger with the Laurel Valley Mid-
dle/High School. 
Dr. Oldham earned a bachelor’s degree 
from the Indiana University of Pennsylvania, a 
master’s degree from Delaware State Univer-
sity, and a doctorate degree from Wilmington 
College. As she retires on June 30, 2021, Dr. 
Oldham will mark 13 years of service to 
Ligonier Valley students, teachers, staff, and 
families. On behalf of the 13th District of 
Pennsylvania, I thank Dr. Oldham for her 
steadfast service to our community. As Dr. 
Oldham embarks on the next chapter of her 
life, I wish her every continued happiness. 
f 
INTERNATIONAL MOTHER 
LANGUAGE DAY 2021 
HON. GRACE MENG 
OF NEW YORK 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, February 18, 2021 
Ms. MENG. Madam Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the cultural and historical signifi-
cance of International Mother Language Day. 
Established by the United Nations Edu-
cational, Scientific, and Cultural Organization 
(UNESCO) in 1999, International Mother Lan-
guage Day raises awareness of linguistic di-
versity and multilingualism. Every year since I 
have been a Member of Congress, I have in-
troduced legislation to recognize the signifi-
cance of International Mother Language Day. 
International Mother Language Day is cele-
brated around the world on February 21st and 
holds special importance for the Bangladeshi 
American community. On February 21, 1952 
Bangladeshi 
students 
died 
while 
dem-
onstrating for recognition of Bengali as a na-
tional language of Pakistan. International 
Mother Language Day is an important day to 
commemorate those who have fought for the 
right for their language to be recognized. 
Madam Speaker, the United States has a 
diverse and rich linguistic and cultural herit-
age. The Census Bureau reports there are 
over 300 spoken languages in the United 
States, 169 of these are native languages. Ac-
cording to UNESCO, 145 languages in the 
United States are classified as ‘‘endangered.’’ 
Preserving existing languages is an essen-
tial component of preserving our rich and di-
verse heritage. 
Madam Speaker, I believe we must continue 
to promote linguistic diversity and linguistic 
education in our country. We cannot allow the 
145 endangered languages in our nation to 
become extinct. I urge all my colleagues to 
support this legislation. 
f 
CONGRATULATING 
HERMAN 
AND 
BOBBIE GOLDBERGER FOR THEIR 
STEWARDSHIP OF THE HEBREW 
WATCHMAN 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, February 18, 2021 
Mr. COHEN. Madam Speaker, I rise today 
to 
congratulate 
Herman 
and 
Bobbie 
Goldberger on their retirement. Their family- 
owned labor of love, The Hebrew Watchman, 
has been a cornerstone of the Jewish commu-
nity in Memphis for 95 years. Founded in 1925 
as The Memphis Watchman by Leo I. 
Goldberger, Herman’s father, it has chronicled 
Memphis Jewish life with grace and devotion 
for generations. I am very pleased to see that 
Jewish Living of the South Inc., and Jewish 
Scene Magazine editor and publisher Susan 
C. Nieman, have acquired this important and 
beloved cultural institution and have pledged 
to keep it going for another 95 years. I want 
to thank Herman and Bobbie Goldberger for 
their stewardship of The Hebrew Watchman 
and wish them well in retirement. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF JUDGE JAMES 
KERSTEN’S YEARS OF SERVICE 
TO 33RD DISTRICT COURT 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, February 18, 2021 
Mrs. DINGELL. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Judge James Kersten on 
the occasion of his retirement after serving 
nearly 25 years as the 33rd District Judge in 
Woodhaven, Michigan. His contributions to the 
community are worthy of commendation. 
Judge Kersten grew up in Trenton, grad-
uating from Trenton High School. In 1977, 
Judge Kersten graduated from Michigan State 
University and in 1980 he earned his law de-
gree from the Detroit College of Law. Judge 
Kersten started his career as an attorney in 
Flat Rock where he represented local families 
and businesses. Later, he served as a Wayne 
County mediator and arbitrator for 10 years 
and eventually, Judge Kersten was elected to 
serve as the 33rd District judge following in 
the footsteps of his father, Judge Kurt Kersten. 
During his time as a Judge, he encouraged 
people in trouble to use that experience and 
make a positive change in their lives and was 
known for his skillful mediation of long stand-
ing civil disputes. 
Beyond his work in the judiciary, he is an 
active member of St. Paul Lutheran Church, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:30 Feb 19, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A18FE8.005
E18FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 25-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E139 
February 18, 2021 
the Elks Club of Flat Rock, Flat Rock Rotary, 
and Downriver youth sports. He has dem-
onstrated his commitment to the entire Michi-
gan community, and it is my honor and privi-
lege to recognize his distinguished work today. 
Madam Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join 
me in honoring the Honorable James Kersten 
for an exemplary career in public service. He 
has effectively served Woodhaven and the 
state of Michigan in his role as the 33rd Dis-
trict Judge through his selflessness and dedi-
cation to the community. I join with Judge 
James’ family, friends, and colleagues in ex-
tending my best wishes to him in retirement. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE 
OF PATRICK DRAGON 
HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, February 18, 2021 
Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to mourn the passing of dedicated and 
heroic public servant, Patrick Dragon, of 
Brooklyn, Connecticut. Mr. Dragon passed, at 
only age 50, on January 2, 2021, after a cou-
rageous battle with coronavirus. 
A lifelong resident of Brooklyn, Connecticut, 
Patrick was drawn to serve his community 
through public safety. Entering public service 
at early age, he began as an Emergency Med-
ical Technician and then joined the 107th 
Training Troop of the Connecticut State Po-
lice. Upon graduation in January 1998, Patrick 
returned to his local community serving as a 
Patrol Trooper at Troop D in nearby Daniel-
son, then as the Resident State Trooper in 
Sterling, and a Major Crime Unit Detective. Al-
ways wanting to do more, he also became a 
certified Fire Investigator/Fire Marshal with the 
State Police’s Fire & Explosion Unit. It was 
through this assignment that Patrick acted as 
first responder to the Sandy Hook Elementary 
School shooting in Newtown, Connecticut. 
That horrific day transformed the lives of 
many Americans, including Mr. Dragon’s. In 
the years following the tragedy, he found heal-
ing through service to a new community—his 
peers in law enforcement through the Virginia 
Law 
Enforcement 
Assistance 
Program 
(VALEAP). This unique peer-led program 
brought together law enforcement profes-
sionals who have experienced unbelievable 
traumas while on duty. Patrick sincerely com-
mitted himself to this program, serving as a 
peer leader and mentor, working with over 250 
emotionally and physically traumatized law en-
forcement professionals from around the coun-
try. VALEAP administrators commended Mr. 
Dragon for his service and have noted that his 
passing will leave an ‘‘immeasurable void’’ 
within the program. 
Although he had overcome immeasurable 
challenges—Patrick’s motivation for service to 
his community never wavered. Upon retire-
ment from the State Police in 2018 he 
transitioned into a new role as an emergency 
dispatcher with the Foster Police Department 
in the neighboring State of Rhode Island. 
Amazingly, during that entire 34 years of po-
lice work he was also a dedicated member of 
the East Brooklyn Fire Department, serving 
most recently as deputy chief. 
Mr. Dragon’s loss leaves a deep void from 
Eastern Connecticut all the way to Virginia 
and beyond. His dedication to both local com-
munity and fellow officer has made the State 
of Connecticut more safe and his workforce 
more whole. 
Madam Speaker, knowing of Patrick Drag-
on’s selfless service and how he has re-
sponded to unimaginable tragedy, it is objec-
tive to state his work represents the best of 
law enforcement. I hope the chamber will join 
me in expressing the deepest condolences on 
behalf of the House of Representatives to the 
Dragon family—his parents Robert and Ann 
Marie; older sister Michele Hearn and younger 
brother Jason Dragon. I hope this testament to 
Patrick’s life serves as an acknowledgement 
of the immeasurable debt of gratitude owed to 
him by the American people. 
f 
IN 
RECOGNITION 
OF 
BEDFORD 
COUNTY 
COMMISSIONER 
ALAN 
FREDERICK 
HON. JOHN JOYCE 
OF PENNSYLVANIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, February 18, 2021 
Mr. JOYCE of Pennsylvania. Madam Speak-
er, I rise to congratulate new Bedford County 
Commissioner Alan Frederick of Rainsburg, 
Pennsylvania on his appointment for this role, 
in which he is slated to serve through 2023. 
Commissioner Frederick has been a resi-
dent of Bedford County since 1952. He has 
worked on his family farm for his entire life as 
a dairy and grain farmer. Commissioner Fred-
erick also has also served on the boards of 
several economic and community organiza-
tions. Prior to his selection as Commissioner, 
he had served as a board member of the Bed-
ford County Development Association for 11 
years, including one year as chairman. He 
also has served as a board member for the 
Bedford Farm Bureau Co-Op for 10 years, in-
cluding four years as president. Additionally, 
he served as a board member for the Penn-
sylvania Beef Council for six years, including 
one year as chairman. In recognition of this 
service, he received the Bedford County 
Chamber of Commerce’s Volunteer of the 
Year Award in 2008. 
As Commissioner Frederick begins his ten-
ure on the Bedford County Board of Commis-
sioners, I thank him for his willingness to 
serve our region and wish him the best in this 
endeavor. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF FORMER 
JEFFERSON 
COUNTY 
SHERIFF, 
‘‘BOE’’ FONTAINE 
HON. BRUCE WESTERMAN 
OF ARKANSAS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, February 18, 2021 
Mr. WESTERMAN. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to celebrate the life of Former Jefferson 
County Sheriff Edward Lewis ‘‘Boe’’ Fontaine. 
Sheriff Fontaine passed away on Sunday, 
January 17 following a battle with COVID–19, 
leaving behind a county and Fourth District 
which mourns the loss of a friend, a helper, 
and a true servant leader. 
Beginning his law enforcement career as a 
deputy sheriff assigned to the Uniformed Pa-
trol Division in 1980, he was later elected as 
the 30th Jefferson County Sheriff, serving two 
terms from 1999 to 2006. Appointed by then 
Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee in 2001, 
Sheriff Fontaine served as a Commissioner on 
the Arkansas Commission on Law Enforce-
ment Standards and Training (CLEST). Prior 
to his service at home, Sheriff Fontaine served 
21 years in the United States Marine Corps, 
retiring as a gunnery sergeant. For his her-
oism in action, he became one of the most 
decorated Arkansan service members in his-
tory. Most notable of those awards include 
four Purple Hearts, the Silver Star, and the 
Bronze Star with a combat ‘‘V.’’ 
In addition to his life of leadership in the 
military and in local law enforcement, Sheriff 
Fontaine was known as a family man and val-
uable member of the community, along with 
his wife of 60 years, Maye Winston Fontaine. 
Together, they raised a daughter, Kim, and 
worshipped as members of Bethany Mis-
sionary Baptist Church. 
I take this time today to honor the life of 
service exemplified by Sheriff ‘‘Boe’’ Fontaine. 
I thank him and his family for their dedication 
to our fellow citizens and our beloved Fourth 
District. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE AFRICAN 
DESCENT AFFAIRS ACT 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, February 18, 2021 
Mr. HASTINGS. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to introduce a resolution with my col-
leagues, Representatives GREGORY
MEEKS, 
SHEILA
JACKSON
LEE, GWEN
MOORE, and 
BOBBY RUSH to introduce the African Descent 
Affairs Act. As we celebrate Black History 
Month and continue to highlight the Inter-
national Decade for People of African De-
scent, we have seen a sharp increase in rac-
ism, anti-Semitism, xenophobia, and other 
forms of prejudice and discrimination across 
the globe. Global racial justice movements in 
response to the tragic death of George Floyd 
have not only drawn attention to the problem, 
but also to opportunities to join international 
efforts to develop and implement global and 
national solutions. 
To aid these efforts, I have introduced the 
African Descent Affairs Act to improve the sit-
uation of people of African descent around the 
world by establishing, within the United States 
State Department, a Global Office of African 
Descent Affairs. In addition to developing glob-
al foreign policy and assistance strategies for 
people of African descent, the bill would also 
create a ‘‘Fund’’ to support anti-discrimination 
and empowerment efforts by African descent 
led civil society organizations; require Annual 
State Department Human Rights Reports to 
include a section on discrimination faced by 
people of African descent; and create similar 
initiatives at the United States Agency for 
International Development that would work in 
partnership with the State Department. 
U.S. foreign policy strategies such as these 
have improved the situation of vulnerable 
groups internationally and would greatly assist 
in responding to increasing levels of prejudice 
and discrimination faced by people of African 
descent around the globe. The State Depart-
ment has already launched many successful 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:30 Feb 19, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A18FE8.010
E18FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 26-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E140 
February 18, 2021 
initiatives that have aided specific and vulner-
able populations, such as the Office of Global 
Women’s Issues, the Special Envoy to Monitor 
and Combat Anti-Semitism—now an Ambas-
sadorship, and special initiatives and funds fo-
cused on disability, LGBTQ+ and other com-
munities. 
I am greatly encouraged by recent Execu-
tive Orders from President Biden focused on 
equity and justice in this country and see the 
adoption of the African Descent Affairs Act as 
complementary to these domestic actions. Im-
plemented together, these actions could facili-
tate the full and equal participation of people 
of African descent around the world. I urge 
you to join me in supporting this bill. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF HUEY CLIFTON 
MCLEAN 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, February 18, 2021 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Madam 
Speaker, I would like to include in the RECORD 
the following obituary for Huey Clifton McLean. 
HUEY CLIFTON MCLEAN 
Huey Clifton McLean, 69, of Lexington 
passed away Wednesday, November 4, 2020. 
He was born to the late Pete Monroe and 
Glennie Mae McLean. 
Huey proudly served in the United States 
Army during Vietnam. He retired his mili-
tary career with the South Carolina Na-
tional Guard. 
Surviving are his wife, Rebekah McLean; 
son, Michael (Jennifer) McLean; daughter, 
Kelly (Keith) Veidt; and grandchildren, Ryan 
(Emma) Veidt, Reilly Veidt, Kenlee McLean 
and Adam McLean. He is also survived by his 
sister, Patricia McLean Parrish and pre- 
deceded in death by his brother, Wallace 
Monroe McLean. 
f 
CELEBRATING 70 YEARS OF AUTO-
MOTIVE COLOR & SUPPLY CORP. 
HON. JIM BANKS 
OF INDIANA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, February 18, 2021 
Mr. BANKS. Madam Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate northeast Indiana-based auto-
motive and industrial paint supplier and dis-
tributor Automotive Color & Supply Corpora-
tion for 70 years of business. 
Richard Byers, Sr., acquired part ownership 
of the company and began to operate the 
business shortly after its founding in 1951. 
Richard attained full ownership of the com-
pany in 1970, and the Byers family has owned 
and operated Automotive Color as a family 
business since. 
Automotive Color has established itself as 
one of the leading automotive and industrial 
paint and supply distributors not just in the 
Midwest but throughout the United States. 
Paint from Automotive Color is used on race 
cars, commercial and private aircraft, space-
craft, ocean vessels, movies and TV show 
sets, and more. 
At a time when American industry is in con-
valescence from the coronavirus pandemic, 
this historic milestone is even more extraor-
dinary. 
Hoosiers are thankful for and proud of Auto-
motive Colors’ contributions to northeast Indi-
ana and the country. This record is testament 
to the exceptional service and quality they 
have provided, and will continue to provide, for 
generations. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF ANTHONY 
BULLET 
HON. JOHN JOYCE 
OF PENNSYLVANIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, February 18, 2021 
Mr. JOYCE of Pennsylvania. Madam Speak-
er, I rise to congratulate Anthony Bullet on his 
appointment to Huntingdon Borough’s newly- 
formed human relations commission. 
The goal of the commission is to ensure 
equal access to employment, housing, and 
other public services to all people, regardless 
of race, sex, ethnicity, and other protected cat-
egories. Local governments have a responsi-
bility to ensure the constitutional and legal 
rights of their citizens are observed, and I 
know that leaders like Mr. Bullet in Huntingdon 
take that responsibility seriously. 
On behalf of Pennsylvania’s 13th Congres-
sional District, I thank Mr. Bullet for his leader-
ship and service to Huntingdon Borough and 
congratulate him on being appointed to this 
commission. 
f 
JOE ‘‘VAL’’ VALENTIN VIGIL 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, February 18, 2021 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Joe ‘‘Val’’ Valentin Vigil of 
Thornton, Colorado who passed away on Feb-
ruary 5, 2021. 
Val, as he was known, was born on July 9, 
1947 in Taos, New Mexico to Manuel Vigil and 
Felicia Vallejos. He earned a bachelor’s de-
gree in business administration and secondary 
education from Adams State University in 
1971. Val went on to start his own financial 
consulting business, Vigil & Company, which 
he continued operating until his passing. 
Val served in local and state government in 
Colorado for many years. I had the pleasure 
of working with him when he was a State Rep-
resentative for House District 32 and during 
his tenure as a Thornton City Councilmember 
for eight years—two of which he was Mayor 
Pro Tem. Beginning in the 1970’s, Val became 
active in the Democratic party for many years 
where he advocated for the Latino community 
and issues such as education. During his term 
in the Colorado State Legislature from 1999 to 
2006, he became known for his legacy of pro-
moting higher educational opportunities for 
students across Colorado. One of Val’s lasting 
impacts on Colorado was his work to pass the 
ASSET Bill (Senate Bill 13–033), which grants 
in-state tuition to undocumented students. 
In addition to his service in state and local 
government, Val served on the Board of Trust-
ees for Adams State University from 2011 
through 2019. He was an active member of 
the Adams State Denver Alumni Chapter, and 
volunteered many hours at local schools as a 
guest speaker. He was in high demand to 
speak on immigration issues and was consid-
ered an expert on the topic, as he was the 
first legislator in Colorado to introduce the in- 
state tuition legislation in 2000. 
Val was known and admired for his passion 
for community service and his dedication to 
expanding educational opportunities and advo-
cating for issues important to Colorado’s 
Latino community. Val was a devoted husband 
and a loving father and grandfather. He loved 
camping, fishing, gardening, and spending 
time with his family. He will be missed by all 
who knew and loved him. 
He is survived by his wife of 53 years, 
Celina 
Annabelle 
Vigil, 
children 
Nadine 
(Sammy) Cordova and Valerie Vigil, and 
grandchildren Brandon, Jared (Brianne), and 
Amanda (Jorge) and one great grandchild, 
Hazel. I am deeply grateful for his lifetime of 
service to our community. 
f 
HONORING THE LIVES OF AL AND 
DORA PADILLA 
HON. JUDY CHU 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, February 18, 2021 
Ms. CHU. Madam Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the lives of Al Padilla, who passed away 
on October 4, 2020, at the age of 90, and his 
wife, Dora Padilla, who passed away on Janu-
ary 8, 2021, at the age of 86 from COVID–19. 
Al and Dora touched the lives of countless 
students in the San Gabriel Valley and were 
larger than life figures in their communities. 
Hector Albert ‘‘Al’’ Padilla was born on 
March 22, 1930 in Tucson, Arizona, and 
moved to Los Angeles in 1939. Following high 
school, Al joined the United States Army and 
then enrolled in junior college. He transferred 
to Occidental College and was an all-con-
ference guard on the Occidental football team. 
After years of playing sports at a young age, 
Al knew that coaching and mentoring young 
athletes was his calling. Al coached football at 
his alma mater, Roosevelt High School, before 
moving to rival Garfield High School. He went 
on to be the head football coach at East L.A. 
College, where he coached the Huskies to a 
state title in 1974 and was voted the California 
‘‘Coach of the Year.’’ But it wasn’t just wins 
and losses that made Al a legend in the East 
L.A. community, it was his impact on the lives 
of generations of players. Al demanded good 
grades and sportsmanship from all of his play-
ers, and taught them the importance of caring 
for their loved ones, teammates, and commu-
nity. And long after his players would grad-
uate, he would stay in touch with them, be-
cause he believed that his role as a mentor 
didn’t end when he left the football field. 
Al’s wife, Dora Padilla, was born on October 
4, 1934 to Mexican immigrants. Dora began 
her long career in education by helping in her 
children’s kindergarten classroom and by lead-
ing fundraisers as her children grew up in the 
Alhambra Unified School District. As she be-
came more involved in school functions, she 
personally saw what students needed and was 
determined to bring change at the district 
level. She ran for the Alhambra Unified School 
District Board of Education on the slogan 
‘‘Querer al nin˜o es educarlo,’’ or ‘‘To love a 
child is to educate a child,’’ and won her seat 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:30 Feb 19, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00004
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A18FE8.014
E18FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 27-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E141 
February 18, 2021 
in 1978. She became well-known as a reliable 
defender of arts and music programs at a time 
when the state cut the district’s budget, and 
she has been credited as the reason the 
school district has maintained a K–8 musical 
education program until today. She helped 
create the Alhambra Latino Association in 
1995 and advocated for bilingual education, 
but also believed she represented all students 
regardless of their background. Dora was 
elected to five terms on the Board of Edu-
cation and served for 20 years. In honor of her 
legacy, Alhambra High School dedicated a 
plaque outside of their new library in 1996, 
praising her ‘‘continued support and love of 
students seeking the American dream and 
equal opportunity.’’ 
Al and Dora were married for 64 years and 
made a lasting impression on their community 
and on many constituents in my district. I was 
fortunate to have known Dora well and to 
have seen the impacts of her achievements in 
Alhambra, and I saw first-hand the impact that 
Al had on his players when we both worked at 
East L.A. College together. Al and Dora leave 
behind an enduring legacy of public service 
and the development of generations of chil-
dren and young adults. I ask my colleagues to 
join me in commemorating the lives of these 
two extraordinary individuals. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF 
NATHANIEL STONE 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, February 18, 2021 
Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Madam Speaker 
I rise today in celebration of the life of Nathan-
iel Stone. He was a beloved educator and 
community leader and he will be deeply 
missed by the people of North Mississippi. 
Nat was born on February 17, 1930, to 
Cleve Hopkins and Miona Stone in Tupelo, 
Mississippi. He and his brother Louis stayed in 
the area and attended George Washington 
Carver School. He joined the United States 
Army and served in the Korean war before 
playing baseball in the Negro American 
Leagues with the Chicago Blacksox and the 
Memphis Redsox. He later earned his Bach-
elors degree at Mississippi Industrial College 
and Masters of Elementary Education School 
Administration at Jackson State University. 
Mr. Stone was known primarily as an edu-
cator. He began his career in Kosciusko be-
fore relocating to Tupelo. He was the principal 
at Green Street Elementary and later Milam 
Intermediate School. When the school district 
integrated in 1970, Mr. Stone worked as a liai-
son with the black community. He inspired 
countless students, many of whom went on to 
pursue careers in education. 
Mr. Stone is preceded in death by his wife 
of 64 years, Clytee Stone, and is survived by 
his children; Debra, Nathaniel, and Gwen-
dolyn. 
Mr. Stone was a beloved member of the 
Tupelo community and will always be remem-
bered as an inspiration to countless students. 
CELEBRATING THE 100TH BIRTH-
DAY OF WORLD WAR II VET-
ERAN, 
MR. 
THERON 
‘‘DOC’’ 
B. 
McELROY 
HON. BRUCE WESTERMAN 
OF ARKANSAS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, February 18, 2021 
Mr. WESTERMAN. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to celebrate the 100th birthday of 
Charleston, Arkansas native, Mr. Theron 
‘‘Doc’’ B. McElroy. Born on January 16, 1921, 
Mr. McElroy is one of seven children and one 
of our country’s last remaining veterans of 
World War II. 
After joining the United States Army on De-
cember 26, 1941, he stormed Utah Beach at 
Normandy on D-Day, joining thousands of 
other brave young Americans in a testament 
of truest heroism. Mr. McElroy earned several 
medals during his time of military service, 
such as the Bronze Star Medal, Good Con-
duct Medal, American Campaign Medal, and 
many others. He earned an honorable dis-
charge from the Army on December 20, 1945. 
I take this time today to honor the life of 
service exemplified by Mr. McElroy and his 
family. In his 100th year, he continues to rep-
resent the very best of our nation’s greatest 
generation, and I thank him for his significant 
impact upon the advance of freedom and the 
American Dream. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THOMAS 
GUISLER 
HON. JOHN JOYCE 
OF PENNSYLVANIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, February 18, 2021 
Mr. JOYCE of Pennsylvania. Madam Speak-
er, I rise to congratulate Thomas Guisler on 
his appointment to Huntingdon Borough’s 
newly-formed human relations commission. 
The goal of the commission is to ensure 
equal access to employment, housing, and 
other public services to all people, regardless 
of race, sex, ethnicity, and other protected cat-
egories. Local governments have a responsi-
bility to ensure the constitutional and legal 
rights of their citizens are observed, and I 
know that leaders like Mr. Guisler in Hun-
tingdon take that responsibility seriously. 
On behalf of Pennsylvania’s 13th Congres-
sional District, I thank Mr. Guisler for his lead-
ership and service to Huntingdon Borough and 
congratulate him on being appointed to this 
commission. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE ALBERT 
PIKE STATUE REMOVAL ACT 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, February 18, 2021 
Ms. NORTON. Madam Speaker, I rise to in-
troduce the Albert Pike Statue Removal Act, 
which would require the removal of the statue 
of Confederate General Albert Pike from fed-
eral land near Judiciary Square in the District 
of Columbia, which was illegally torn down last 
year. The bill also would authorize the Sec-
retary of the Interior to donate the statue to a 
museum or a similar entity. Last Congress, the 
House Committee on Natural Resources 
passed this bill by voice vote. This is the sec-
ond in a series of statue and memorial re-
moval bills I am introducing during Black His-
tory Month. 
This statue was authorized, not by the Dis-
trict, but by Congress in 1898, when the Dis-
trict had no home rule. The statue was con-
structed using both federal and private funds. 
The Freemasons, of which Pike was a mem-
ber, donated the majority of the money need-
ed to build and install the statue in 1901. I op-
pose destroying Confederate statues, because 
I believe they should be moved to more ap-
propriate settings, like museums, to avoid 
erasing an important part of history from which 
Americans must continue to learn. 
Pike, a Confederate general who served 
dishonorably and was forced to resign in dis-
grace, represents the worst of the Confed-
eracy. Soldiers under his command were 
found to have mutilated the bodies of Union 
soldiers, and he was ultimately imprisoned 
after his fellow Confederate officers reported 
that he had been misappropriating funds. Add-
ing to the dishonor of taking up arms against 
the United States, Pike dishonored even his 
Confederate military service. He certainly has 
absolutely no claim to be memorialized in the 
nation’s capital. Even those who do not want 
Confederate statues removed will have to jus-
tify according Pike any honor considering his 
dishonorable history. 
After meeting with the Freemasons, I be-
lieve the best course of action is to remove 
the statue and find a more appropriate place 
for it. Given the statue’s divisive nature, the 
Freemasons themselves support the statue’s 
removal, as do the D.C. Mayor and the D.C. 
Council. 
I urge my colleagues to support this impor-
tant legislation. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF A RESOLUTION 
RECOGNIZING PEOPLE OF AFRI-
CAN DESCENT AND BLACK EURO-
PEANS 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, February 18, 2021 
Mr. HASTINGS. Madam Speaker, rise today 
to introduce a resolution with my colleagues, 
Representatives 
GREGORY
MEEKS, 
SHEILA 
JACKSON
LEE, GWEN
MOORE, and BOBBY 
RUSH. The Honorable John Lewis of Georgia 
was a previous cosponsor of this legislation. 
Even as we honor him during Black History 
Month, I also urge my colleagues to join us in 
recognizing People of African Descent and 
Black Europeans. 
Our resolution observes the history and cur-
rent situation of People of African Descent liv-
ing in Europe and Black Europeans during the 
United Nations designated International Dec-
ade for People of African Descent. It also en-
courages the U.S. Secretary of State to take 
a number of steps to ensure their situation is 
improved following recommendations from the 
Anti-racism and People of African Descent 
Weeks (PADWEEK) held with our colleagues 
in the European Parliament over the past few 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:30 Feb 19, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00005
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A18FE8.019
E18FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 28-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E142 
February 18, 2021 
years and anti-racism measures discussed at 
the September 2020 Joint Meeting I hosted in 
my capacity as Chair of the U.S. Helsinki 
Commission with my European colleagues 
‘‘Reinforcing U.S.-EU Parliamentary Coordina-
tion to Combat Racism and Systemic Discrimi-
nation.’’ 
Recommendations from these efforts have 
included the implementation of EU-wide anti- 
racism strategies; European Black History 
Month and Remembrance Day for Victims of 
Colonialism and Enslavement; a fund for Black 
European led initiatives to address continuing 
disparities and discrimination and support for 
empowerment initiatives; European-wide strat-
egies for the inclusion of People of African De-
scent; and support for transatlantic exchanges 
on common issues of racial prejudice and dis-
crimination. 
The need for recognition of Black popu-
lations in Europe became clear more than a 
decade ago when I chaired a U.S. Helsinki 
Commission hearing entitled, ‘‘The State of 
(In)visible Black Europe: Race, Rights, and 
Politics’’, where we learned that the situation 
in Europe is very similar to the one in the 
United States. A number of these similarities 
were most recently highlighted by global racial 
justice protests following the murder of George 
Floyd. 
While the presence of Blacks in Europe can 
be traced to enslavement, colonization, mili-
tary deployments, voluntary or forced migra-
tion, the movement of refugees and asylum 
seekers, or educational and other professional 
exchanges, the story of Europeans of African 
Descent and Black Europeans still remains 
largely untold—rendering many of their past 
and present contributions to the very fabric of 
Europe unseen or forgotten, which is unac-
ceptable. 
Madam Speaker, it is my hope that when 
we gather in the years to come to review the 
efforts of the United Nations designated Inter-
national Decade for People of African De-
scent, we will not only speak of how our ef-
forts resulted in our respective nations publicly 
recognizing the injustices and long-term im-
pact of slavery and colonialism, but also of 
how our societies reconciled these issues in a 
manner that ensured equal opportunity, ac-
cess, and justice for all people of African de-
scent. 
I am greatly encouraged by recent Execu-
tive Orders from President Biden focused on 
equity and justice in this country, and see the 
adoption of this resolution on Black Europeans 
as well as a bill I have introduced calling for 
the creation of a State Department Office on 
Global African Descent Affairs as complemen-
tary to the President’s domestic efforts. I urge 
you to join me in supporting this resolution 
recognizing Black Europeans and other efforts 
in support of achieving racial justice. 
f 
SUPERMARKET EMPLOYEE DAY 
PROCLAMATION 
HON. MARK POCAN 
OF WISCONSIN 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, February 18, 2021 
Mr. POCAN. Madam Speaker, I include in 
the RECORD the following proclamation. On 
behalf of the people of Wisconsin I, MARK 
POCAN, United States Representative of Wis-
consin, do hereby proclaim February 22, 2021, 
as Supermarket Employee Day. 
Whereas, there are nearly six million super-
market employees in the United States; and 
Whereas, in Wisconsin there are 148,959 
food retail jobs that generate $15,630,033,800 
in economic activity; and 
Whereas, supermarket employees provide 
all Americans with access to safe, healthy, 
and affordable food; and 
Whereas, supermarket employees work to 
enhance the health and well-being of each 
customer; and 
Whereas, 
supermarket 
employees 
con-
tribute and volunteer countless hours in their 
communities; and 
Whereas, supermarket employees face un-
precedented 
challenges 
keeping 
grocery 
shelves stocked during the COVID–19 Pan-
demic; and 
Whereas, supermarket employees have and 
continue to meet and exceed these chal-
lenges, while displaying courage, compassion, 
dedication, and leadership, as well as exem-
plifying customer service and community out-
reach; and 
Whereas, the need for supermarket employ-
ees is greater than ever because of current 
and growing consumer demands as well as 
their reputation for excellence; now therefore I, 
MARK POCAN, United States Representative of 
Wisconsin, do hereby proclaim February 22, 
2021 as Supermarket Employee Day and ask 
all citizens to join in honoring our Supermarket 
Heroes. 
f 
REFUGEE SANITATION FACILITY 
SAFETY ACT OF 2021 
HON. GRACE MENG 
OF NEW YORK 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, February 18, 2021 
Ms. MENG. Madam Speaker, I rise today to 
announce the reintroduction of the Refugee 
Sanitation Facility Safety Act of 2021. This bill 
will ensure women and girls in refugee camps 
are able to access bathrooms without fear of 
violence. 
Refugees awaiting resettlement are fleeing 
conditions like war, violence, and persecution. 
While many hope to find safety in temporary 
refugee camps, violence and insecurity can 
also follow, especially for women and girls. 
Women are at a greater risk of experiencing 
sexual assault and violence if they do not 
have separate bathrooms. During the COVID– 
19 pandemic, refugees are even more vulner-
able and even more in need of secure access 
to sanitation. 
The measure would remedy this problem by 
ensuring recipients of U.S. aid provide safe 
and secure access to sanitation facilities, with 
a special emphasis on women and girls, and 
vulnerable populations. 
Women and girls deserve and need sanita-
tion facilities that are safe and free from harm. 
It is disheartening that today’s refugee camps 
create conditions that allow sexual assault and 
violence to occur. This is why I am leading 
this legislation with Congressman ZELDIN to 
ensure women, girls, and other vulnerable 
populations have access to safe and secure 
restrooms. Last Congress, this bill unani-
mously passed the House of Representatives. 
I urge my colleagues to support this measure 
so that it can finally be signed into law. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF ADAM 
STEELE 
HON. JOHN JOYCE 
OF PENNSYLVANIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, February 18, 2021 
Mr. JOYCE of Pennsylvania. Madam Speak-
er, I rise to congratulate Adam Steele on his 
appointment to Huntingdon Borough’s newly- 
formed human relations commission. 
The goal of the commission is to ensure 
equal access to employment, housing, and 
other public services to all people, regardless 
of race, sex, ethnicity, and other protected cat-
egories. Local governments have a responsi-
bility to ensure the constitutional and legal 
rights of their citizens are observed, and I 
know that leaders like Mr. Steele in Hun-
tingdon take that responsibility seriously. 
On behalf of Pennsylvania’s 13th Congres-
sional District, I thank Mr. Steele for his lead-
ership and service to Huntingdon Borough and 
congratulate him on being appointed to this 
commission. 
f 
CELEBRATING 50 YEARS OF THE 
ARIZONA INFORMANT 
HON. RUBEN GALLEGO 
OF ARIZONA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, February 18, 2021 
Mr. GALLEGO. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to celebrate the Arizona Informant, a 
newspaper which for the past fifty years has 
reported on news that directly impacts the 
Black community across the Phoenix Valley. 
The Arizona Informant now reaches 100,000 
weekly readers and is the only Black owned 
weekly newspaper in our state. 
The Arizona Informant started with an in-
vestment of just $1 in 1971 by brothers, Clovis 
Campbell Sr. and Charles Campbell, who no-
ticed there was a lack of coverage on issues 
affecting the Black community in Arizona. Clo-
vis, the first Black Arizona State Senator, and 
Charles, an educator with a doctorate in high-
er education administration, were pillars of the 
Black community in Phoenix whose impact 
across the Valley is still felt today. 
Still family owned and operated, the Arizona 
Informant has stayed true to its mission of 
bringing to the forefront stories of accomplish-
ment and achievement in the Black commu-
nity. The protests that erupted after George 
Floyd last summer and the ongoing struggle 
for racial justice have shown that the work of 
the Arizona Informant is needed now as much, 
if not more, than it was fifty years ago. 
As we continue to celebrate Black History 
Month, I am proud to be able to recognize and 
uplift the Arizona Informant. I wish to con-
gratulate the Arizona Informant on fifty years 
of ‘Recording Black History Every Week’ and 
thank them for their continued work. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:30 Feb 19, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00006
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A18FE8.024
E18FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 29-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E143 
February 18, 2021 
IN RECOGNITION OF HONORABLE 
JANE HARMAN 
HON. C.A. DUTCH RUPPERSBERGER 
OF MARYLAND 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, February 18, 2021 
Mr. RUPPERSBERGER. Madam Speaker, I 
rise before you today to recognize the Honor-
able Jane Hannan on the occasion of her re-
tirement from her role as President and CEO 
of the Wilson Center after nearly a decade in 
leadership. The Wilson Center is the nation’s 
leading non-partisan policy forum tackling 
global issues through independent research 
and open dialogue. 
As the Wilson Center’s first female Director, 
President and CEO, Ms. Hannan leveraged 
her deep connections across the political 
spectrum—including lawmakers, global lead-
ers and foreign dignitaries—to ensure the Wil-
son Center is poised for continued success 
and growth. Under her leadership, the Wilson 
Center was named the ‘‘number one’’ regional 
studies think tank in the world. 
Ms. Harman created the Global Women’s 
Leadership Initiative, which works to accel-
erate global progress towards equal participa-
tion in policy and political leadership among 
women. She revamped the Center and suc-
cessfully oversaw the transition of the Wilson 
Quarterly from a print-only publication to an 
all-digital, award-winning interactive publication 
reaching thousands of listeners and viewers 
during the Coronavirus Pandemic. 
A native of Los Angeles and a product of 
local public schools, Ms. Harman graduated 
from Smith College and began her long and 
remarkable career in public service as a staff-
er for U.S. Senator John V. Tunney until she 
transitioned to President Jimmy Carter’s Ad-
ministration as Special Counsel to the Depart-
ment of Defense and as Deputy Secretary of 
the Cabinet. 
In 1992, Ms. Harman was elected to rep-
resent the constituents of California’s 36th 
Congressional District as a member of the 
U.S. House of Representatives where she be-
came a pillar of bipartisanship and an inter-
nationally recognized authority on U.S. and 
global security issues. She served on all major 
security committees, including six years on the 
Armed Services Committee and eight years on 
both the House Intelligence Committee and 
the House Committee on Homeland Security. 
I became good friends with Ms. Harman when 
she was the ranking member of the Intel-
ligence Committee and experienced first-hand 
her excellent leadership and mentorship as we 
traveled to some of the world’s most dan-
gerous places. Representative Hannan re-
ceived awards and accolades too numerous to 
mention in their entirety. 
I am honored to call Ms. Harman a personal 
friend and proud of what the Wilson Center 
has accomplished under her leadership. On 
behalf of my constituents and all American citi-
zens, I thank her for her service to our nation 
and I wish her the best of luck in all future en-
deavors. 
HONORING 
THE 
LIFE 
OF 
DREW 
COUNTY DEPUTY, SGT. AC SIMP-
SON JR. 
HON. BRUCE WESTERMAN 
OF ARKANSAS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, February 18, 2021 
Mr. WESTERMAN. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to celebrate the life of Sgt. AC Simpson 
Jr., a committed servant of the Drew County, 
Arkansas Sheriffs Department for over 35 
years. Sgt. Simpson passed away on Sunday, 
January 31, leaving behind a legacy of joyful 
service to his beloved home. 
Having first started his career as an auxil-
iary deputy in 1985, Sgt. Simpson worked full- 
time for the Drew County Sheriffs office since 
2001. Noted as an avid bowler and fisherman, 
he was also an invested family man with three 
grandsons and one granddaughter. His legacy 
of law enforcement continued in his grandson, 
Xavier, who became an auxiliary deputy in 
Drew County in 2020. Remembered most for 
his ability to brighten anyone’s day, Sgt. Simp-
son’s service made him a friend to all in his 
community. 
I take this time today to honor the life of 
service exemplified by Sgt. AC Simpson Jr. I 
thank him and his family for their dedication to 
our fellow citizens and our beloved Fourth Dis-
trict. 
f 
WISHING FLORENCE CLARKE A 
HAPPY 80TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, February 18, 2021 
Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Speaker, it is with 
great distinction that I rise today to observe 
and celebrate the 80th birthday of Reverend 
Florence Dorothy Jeffries Gilliard Clarke. Flor-
ence is the epitome of an altruistic American. 
A teacher, devout pastor, and community ad-
vocate who has dedicated her life to enriching 
the lives of those within our eastern Con-
necticut community. 
Florence’s 
life 
began 
down 
south 
in 
Charleston, SC on February 21, 1941. Guided 
by a strong spirit and support from loved ones, 
Florence overcame the tragic loss of her par-
ents at a young age. An astute student, Flor-
ence won a scholarship to attend SC State 
College to pursue a degree in Business Ad-
ministration. It was during her time at SC 
State that Florence began to lend her voice to 
decry mass injustices across our nation 
marching alongside our colleague U.S. House 
Representative JIM CLYBURN to desegregate 
American public schools. Sixty years ago, 
Florence and JIM and 185 others were ar-
rested at a peaceful protest in front of the 
state house in Columbia, South Carolina. De-
spite its peaceful nature, they were convicted 
of breach of peace and locked up for three 
days. They appealed this injustice all the way 
to the U.S. Supreme Court and the court ruled 
in their favor in a landmark first amendment 
case, Edwards V. South Carolina. 
Florence remained in South Carolina after 
college and began her career as a teacher. 
Drawing from her life experiences, Florence 
was a beacon of wisdom for her students and 
taught not only with energy and positivity, but 
with care and kindness. Eventually, Florence 
and her husband, who served in the U.S. 
NAVY, moved to Connecticut where he was 
stationed at the Subase New London. After 
the untimely passing of her husband, Florence 
chose to remain in Connecticut. Shifting her 
career focus, Florence took a position with 
General Dynamics-Electric Boat—contributing 
to building our nation’s dominant fleet of sub-
marines. Florence, now a true Nutmegger, 
stayed at Electric Boat for more than 25 years 
before retiring to return to her passion of 
teaching. She joined the East Lyme, Water-
ford, Montville and New London school sys-
tems as a substitute teacher and became 
such a renowned figure in the eastern Con-
necticut school system that in 2002 she was 
selected as the commencement speaker for 
Waterford High School’s graduating class. 
However, Florence’s service to the commu-
nity went far beyond confines of our schools. 
The church was another vessel for which she 
inspired the action of others. In 1975, guided 
by a deep-rooted mission to serve, Florence 
became an active member of Walls Temple 
A.M.E. Zion Church in New London. Her in-
volvement with the church continued to grow 
and took a pivotal tum in 1997 when she be-
came an ordained pastor and organized 
Clarke Memorial A.M.E Zion—at that time the 
first new congregation admitted in the annual 
conference in twenty years. Her journey within 
the ministry came full circle in 2014 when the 
congregations of Walls Temple and Clarke 
Memorial merged to become Walls Clarke 
Temple A.M.E. Zion. With a humble spirit, 
Florence celebrated 40 years of service in 
Christian ministry in 2015 and retired from 20 
years of pastoral ministry in June 2017. 
Florence is unabated in her fight against ra-
cial oppression and strives to empower those 
within her community. I am honored to have 
marched on State Street with Florence in cele-
bration of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr, witnessed 
her advocacy for children through the estab-
lishment of National Children’s Day, and stood 
in solidarity with her as we tried to reconcile 
the tragic acts of June 17, 2015, at Emanuel 
African Methodist Episcopal Church. Flor-
ence’s legacy will forever be ingrained in the 
fabric of Eastern Connecticut—influencing 
generation after generation. 
Madam Speaker, Fellow Colleagues—I ask 
you to please join me in wishing Florence a 
happy 80th birthday and aid me in showing 
appreciation to this outstanding citizen. Flor-
ence, we wish you a joyous celebration on 
your special day and many more years of hap-
piness. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF NED CRAFTS 
HON. JOHN JOYCE 
OF PENNSYLVANIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, February 18, 2021 
Mr. JOYCE of Pennsylvania. Madam Speak-
er, I rise to congratulate Ned Crafts on his ap-
pointment to Huntingdon Borough’s newly- 
formed human relations commission. 
The goal of the commission is to ensure 
equal access to employment, housing, and 
other public services to all people, regardless 
of race, sex, ethnicity, and other protected cat-
egories. Local governments have a responsi-
bility to ensure the constitutional and legal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:30 Feb 19, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00007
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A18FE8.029
E18FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 30-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E144 
February 18, 2021 
rights of their citizens are observed, and I 
know that leaders like Mr. Crafts in Hun-
tingdon take that responsibility seriously. 
On behalf of Pennsylvania’s 13th Congres-
sional District, I thank Mr. Crafts for his leader-
ship and service to Huntingdon Borough and 
congratulate him on being appointed to this 
commission. 
f 
HONORING TECHNICAL SERGEANT 
PATRICIA SALAZAR 
HON. DEBRA A. HAALAND 
OF NEW MEXICO 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, February 18, 2021 
Ms. HAALAND. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Technical Sergeant Patricia 
Salazar, who retired from the New Mexico Air 
National Guard on December 2, 2018 as a 
Master Sergeant after 25 years of distin-
guished service. Throughout her accomplished 
career, Technical Sergeant Salazar played 
many valuable roles in defense of our state 
and our nation. A native of Santa Fe, New 
Mexico, Technical Sergeant Salazar graduated 
from St. Michael’s High School in 1980. She 
received an athletic scholarship from the Col-
lege of Santa Fe and graduated in 1984 with 
a Bachelor of Science degree in Criminology. 
She went on to receive a Master of Science 
degree in Criminal Justice Administration from 
California State University, Long Beach in 
1986. After completing her graduate degree, 
Technical Sergeant Salazar returned to her 
home state and attended New Mexico State 
Police Training Academy. She then enlisted in 
the United States Air Force and completed her 
training in 1993. 
Technical Sergeant Salazar began her ten-
ure with the New Mexico Air National Guard’s 
150th Security Forces Squadron at Kirtland Air 
Force Base in Albuquerque. After the tragic 
events of September 11, 2001, she helped de-
velop and initiate emergency evacuation plans 
for senior Pentagon leadership. In 2003, she 
transitioned to the New Mexico Army National 
Guard’s 1209th Medical Detachment. From 
2009 to 2011, Technical Sergeant Salazar 
was stationed in Kosovo and supervised a 
team of field medics during deployment and 
field operations. In 2012, she returned to 
Kirtland to serve with the New Mexico Air Na-
tional Guard’s 150th Special Operations Wing. 
My predecessor, Representative Lujan Gris-
ham, had the pleasure of meeting Technical 
Sergeant Salazar in 2017 when she worked 
with the Air Force to ensure that her father, 
Staff Sergeant Joe Salazar, received the med-
als he earned while serving our nation in 
World War II. He served with the 497th Bom-
bardment Group of the Army Air Forces from 
1942 to 1945, earning several honors includ-
ing a Bronze Star. Mr. Salazar was also a role 
model for his daughter when she enlisted and 
during her service overseas. 
Madam Speaker, I want to salute Technical 
Sergeant Patricia Salazar for her 25 years of 
service to New Mexico and the United States. 
It is hard-working, service-minded individuals 
like her who continue to make our state and 
our nation so great. I wish her the best of luck. 
INTRODUCTION OF THE LEADER-
SHIP 
INSTITUTE 
FOR 
TRANS-
ATLANTIC ENGAGEMENT (LITE) 
ACT 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, February 18, 2021 
Mr. HASTINGS. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to introduce the Leadership Institute for 
Transatlantic Engagement (LITE) Act—a bill 
that will create an institute to assist in 
strengthening ties with our allies, protect 
democratic institutions, and support inclusive 
and visionary leadership on both sides of the 
Atlantic. 
In my capacity as Chair and in the leader-
ship of the Commission on Security and Co-
operation in Europe, also known as the U.S. 
Helsinki Commission, for over a decade, I 
have led hearings and other initiatives on 
international election observation, good gov-
ernance, and democratic backsliding as part of 
our continued commitment to the underlying 
principles of the Helsinki Final Act adopted by 
the 57 North American, European, and Eur-
asian countries that make up the region of the 
Organization for Security and Cooperation in 
Europe (OSCE). Last Congress these activi-
ties included a hearing series entitled, ‘‘Human 
Rights at Home’’, hosting young OSCE parlia-
mentarians in the U.S. Congress to discuss 
how we can strengthen their political inclusion 
to advance peace and security efforts, and 
commemorating the tenth anniversary of the 
Transatlantic 
Minority 
Political 
Leadership 
Conference and Transatlantic Inclusion Lead-
ers Network that have been pivotal in 
strengthening inclusive and strategic inter-
national relations over the past decade. 
These activities have identified numerous 
challenges in western leadership and coun-
tries—including my own—that are putting our 
democracies and the transatlantic partnership 
at risk. For instance, a 2020 Pew Research 
study found that in 11 of the 57 countries that 
make up the region of the Organization for Se-
curity and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE), ap-
proximately half of those surveyed are dissat-
isfied with the way democracy in their coun-
tries is functioning with high rates of dis-
satisfaction in Italy, Greece, and the United 
States. Internal domestic challenges including 
economic decline, the rise of antiestablishment 
political parties, the weakening of the rule of 
law, increased migration, and heightened se-
curity concerns are only some of the sources 
of dissatisfaction. Continuing racial and other 
disparities in wealth, health, employment, edu-
cation, justice, and other sectors have also led 
citizens and others to question whether de-
mocracy delivers. 
To renew confidence in the shared values 
that underpin Western democracies and the 
transatlantic partnership, we need to bolster 
initiatives that restore faith in democratic insti-
tutions. This includes identifying and strength-
ening the roles leaders can play in ensuring 
laws are equitable, transparent, and enforced; 
elections are free and fair; and that rights and 
protections are equally extended to all in their 
constituencies. And our efforts must include 
those that have long been excluded from fully 
participating in our society. 
As such, the LITE Act establishes an insti-
tute to assist Western countries in living up to 
democratic ideals and restoring faith in de-
mocracy, by equipping transatlantic policy-
makers with legislative, communications, con-
flict resolution and other leadership tools to 
strengthen democratic institutions in their soci-
eties and the transatlantic relationship. Given 
demographic change on both sides of the At-
lantic, LITE will cultivate inclusive and inter-
generational solutions to current challenges 
with the goal of empowering diverse individ-
uals across generations with the knowledge, 
tools, opportunity, and access to fully partici-
pate in their democracies. In addition, LITE 
will support strategies that reunify communities 
by assisting leaders in building resilience 
against the exploitation of community griev-
ances that can lead to dangerous divisions in 
our societies. 
The LITE Act therefore complements and 
provides an essential tool for executing Presi-
dent Biden’s Executive Orders on racial equity 
and addressing discrimination and plans to re-
engage with our European allies and hold a 
Democracy Summit. 
I hope you will join me in supporting LITE to 
strengthen our democratic future and the 
transatlantic partnership. 
f 
HONORING MELANIE RHINEHART 
VAN TASSELL 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, February 18, 2021 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Madam 
Speaker, I rise today to honor my Chief of 
Staff, Melanie Rhinehart Van Tassell, for a 
decade of service to me and to the people of 
California’s Fifth Congressional District. 
Born in Santa Cruz and raised in Antioch, 
Melanie attended high school and college in 
the East Bay, graduating in 1996 with dual de-
grees in Political Science and Business from 
the University of California, Berkeley. She 
went to work in the litigation consulting indus-
try until 2001, when she left to earn a Master’s 
in Business Administration at New York Uni-
versity’s Stern School of Business. Upon grad-
uation, she moved to Washington, D.C. to use 
her intellect for public service. 
Melanie began her career on Capitol Hill as 
a part-time intern in Congress before being 
hired as a legislative assistant to Congress-
man Earl Pomeroy in March of 2004. In just 
three short years, she took over as his legisla-
tive director, overseeing the congressman’s 
policy agenda. After the 2010 midterm elec-
tions, I hired her to manage my legislative 
team at the strong recommendation of Con-
gressman Pomeroy. Within months, she was 
promoted to Chief of Staff, becoming possibly 
the kindest, most genuine person to ever 
serve in such a position. 
In my office, Melanie has proven herself to 
be an effective, charismatic leader and a 
skilled political operative. Handling issues of 
the utmost importance to our district, she has 
taken on a portfolio that spans natural disas-
ters to the Wine Caucus. All the while, she 
has used her unbelievably positive, infectious 
personality to make everyone she interacts 
with feel special. 
Despite the long hours involved with leading 
a congressional office, Melanie carves out 
quality time to spend with her husband Steven 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:30 Feb 19, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00008
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A18FE8.032
E18FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 31-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E145 
February 18, 2021 
and their young son Shane, whom she has in-
grained with a deep appreciation for two of her 
favorite things—Disney and stuffed animals. 
Volunteering as Silent Auction Chair for her 
son’s preschool in Alexandria, she showcased 
the same tenacity that serves her so well as 
Chief of Staff. Melanie raised over $20,000 for 
two consecutive school years, blowing out any 
record in the school’s history. 
Madam Speaker, my staff, myself, and the 
people of our district are deeply grateful for 
Melanie Rhinehart Van Tassell’s expert guid-
ance over these last 10 years. She personifies 
service, generosity, and leadership, and I am 
especially proud and honored to have her as 
my Chief of Staff. 
f 
CARL CERVENY 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, February 18, 2021 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Carl Cerveny of Wheat 
Ridge, Colorado who passed away on January 
27, 2021. 
Carl Albert Cerveny was born on October 
11, 1929. He attended Columbine Elementary 
School, Smiley Middle School and graduated 
from East High in 1947. He then enrolled at 
the University of Colorado as a second-gen-
eration CU student in the business school and 
graduated with a degree in marketing in 1951. 
In 1957, Carl helped to found the Wheat 
Ridge Optimist Club. Being a founding mem-
ber was no coincidence, with family and 
friends frequently describing Carl as one of 
the most optimistic people they knew. He ran 
their annual Optimist Pancake Supper for 60 
years and served as president of the club 
twice. In 2010, the Club established the Carl 
Cerveny Scholarship Fund for graduates of 
Wheat Ridge High School. 
Carl was known and admired for his passion 
for community service and his dedication to 
the Wheat Ridge community. He played an 
active role in enforcing the special election 
provision of the TABOR amendment in the 
city. Carl served on the board of the 
Westridge Sanitation District for 10 years, also 
serving as its president, and also served on 
the Planning Commission of Wheat Ridge for 
10 years. In 1997, he walked the entire length 
of Wheat Ridge with his wife, Gretchen, when 
she ran and was elected the Mayor of Wheat 
Ridge. 
Carl had a separate career running the 
Scotchman Restaurant in Wyoming. After the 
closure of the restaurant in 1977, Carl began 
his second career in real estate. After earning 
a Broker Certification from the University of 
Colorado and working for several agencies, 
Carl owned/operated Carl Cerveny Realty until 
he retired in 1999. Carl served on the Legisla-
tive Committee of the Colorado Association of 
Realtors and was honored with the Political 
Service Award by the Jefferson County Asso-
ciation of Realtors in 1991. 
Carl was a devoted husband and a loving 
father and grandfather. He is survived by his 
wife of 66 years, Gretchen, along with their 
three children and families: daughter Mara 
Marks, husband Stephen and their son Colby; 
daughter Carla Rail, husband Anton and their 
son Jacob, daughter Martha, and son Nathan 
with his wife Emily; son Chris Cerveny, wife 
Lorie Chandler and their sons Chandler and 
Chase. I appreciate and thank him for his life-
time of service to our community. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF RAY GHANER 
HON. JOHN JOYCE 
OF PENNSYLVANIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, February 18, 2021 
Mr. JOYCE of Pennsylvania. Madam Speak-
er, I rise to congratulate Ray Ghaner on his 
appointment to Huntingdon Borough’s newly- 
formed human relations commission. 
The goal of the commission is to ensure 
equal access to employment, housing, and 
other public services to all people, regardless 
of race, sex, ethnicity, and other protected cat-
egories. Local governments have a responsi-
bility to ensure the constitutional and legal 
rights of their citizens are observed, and I 
know that leaders like Mr. Ghaner in Hun-
tingdon take that responsibility seriously. 
On behalf of Pennsylvania’s 13th Congres-
sional District, I thank Mr. Ghaner for his lead-
ership and service to Huntingdon Borough and 
congratulate him on being appointed to this 
commission. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 100TH BIRTH-
DAY OF WORLD WAR II VET-
ERAN, 
MR. 
DAVID 
MCLINTON 
GREEN 
HON. BRUCE WESTERMAN 
OF ARKANSAS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, February 18, 2021 
Mr. WESTERMAN. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to celebrate the 100th birthday of War-
ren, Arkansas native, Mr. David Mclinton 
Green. Born on February 13, 1921, Mr. Green 
has lived a life of hard work, perseverance, 
and service to God and country. 
Leaming the value of a work ethic at a 
young age, his first job was at the Dr. Pepper 
Bottling Company in Warren. After being draft-
ed into the Army at age 22, Mr. Green served 
for three years alongside thousands of young 
men during World War II. This service contin-
ued throughout his near 40-year career at 
local mills and Potlatch Deltic. He and his 
wife, Lillie Mae Feaster Green, had 7 children, 
and over their 66 years of marriage, they 
watched their family grow to include 18 grand-
children, 37 great-grandchildren, and 7 great- 
great grandchildren. 
I take this time today to honor the life of 
service exemplified by Mr. Green and his fam-
ily. In his 100th year, he continues to rep-
resent the very best of our nation’s greatest 
generation, and I thank him for his significant 
impact upon the advance of freedom and the 
American Dream. 
FEBRUARY 
VETERAN 
OF 
THE 
MONTH, 
COL. 
WEYDAN 
FLAX, 
USMC (RET) 
HON. KEVIN HERN 
OF OKLAHOMA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, February 18, 2021 
Mr. HERN. Madam Speaker, I rise to honor 
the First District of Oklahoma’s February Vet-
eran of the Month, Col. Weydan Flax, USMC 
(Ret). 
An artillery and communications officer in 
the United States Marine Corps, Col. Weydan 
Flax honorably served our nation for 30 years. 
He served in Desert Storm, Iraq and Afghani-
stan. 
After his retirement, he has faithfully served 
his fellow veterans and community through his 
volunteer work with the VFW, and Marine 
Corps League. In addition to volunteering with 
veteran organizations, Flax is an active board 
member for The Center for Individuals with 
Physical Disabilities. 
He answered the call to defend freedom 
across the globe and sacrificed whatever was 
necessary in the name of that noble cause. It 
is my honor to recognize Col. Flax as the First 
Congressional District of Oklahoma’s February 
Veteran of the Month. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE 
OF CATHERINE ‘‘CATHY’’ WAG-
NER OF BURLINGTON 
HON. BRYAN STEIL 
OF WISCONSIN 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, February 18, 2021 
Mr. STEIL. Madam Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the life and service of Catherine 
‘‘Cathy’’ Wagner of Burlington. Cathy was born 
and raised in Southeast Wisconsin and dedi-
cated her career to serving our Racine County 
community. Growing up on the family farm, 
Cathy developed strong values and a hard 
work ethic that would remain with her through-
out her life. Cathy graduated from Burlington 
High School and later joined the ranks of 
Rochester Volunteer Fire Company and en-
rolled at Gateway Technical College to study 
firefighting and police work. 
Cathy Wagner was a dedicated public serv-
ant. She served a combined 31 years for the 
Rochester and Burlington Town Fire Depart-
ments. She was a firefighter, an EMT, and be-
came Assistant Chief of the Rochester Volun-
teer Fire Company. Cathy instilled this passion 
to service in her two children, who are in-
volved in the Rochester Fire Company. 
When her son was born with spina bifida, 
Cathy enrolled in nursing school to learn how 
she could better care for him and would go on 
to obtain a master’s degree in nursing. For 
years, she worked as a registered nurse in 
hospital rooms where she was able to follow 
her passion of caring for others. 
Cathy passed away on February 2, 2021. 
She is remembered by her family, colleagues, 
and friends for her generosity, empathy, and 
service. Cathy was a valued member of our 
community and inspiration to many. She is re-
membered by colleagues at the Rochester 
Fire Company or being ‘‘the heart and soul’’ of 
the department. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:30 Feb 19, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00009
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A18FE8.035
E18FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 32-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E146 
February 18, 2021 
Racine County will be forever grateful for 
Cathy’s dedication to public service. Cathy’s 
work to make our community a better place 
will always be remembered. On behalf of Wis-
consin’s First Congressional District, I offer my 
sincere condolences and prayers to Cathy’s 
children, family, friends, and colleagues during 
this difficult time. She will be missed by many, 
but her passion for service and positive impact 
on those she met will continue to inspire us 
all. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE TRABON 
GROUP 
HON. EMANUEL CLEAVER 
OF MISSOURI 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, February 18, 2021 
Mr. CLEAVER. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today with immense pride to recognize and 
celebrate the Trabon Group for their contribu-
tions to the fight against the COVID–19 global 
pandemic. Despite the many challenges posed 
by this virulent virus, the Trabon Group quickly 
shifted its business operations to help build 
Personal Protective Equipment for those in 
Kansas City and across the United States. I 
am truly honored to represent the Trabon 
Group, and their commitment to public health 
is admirable and well worth reflection. 
The Trabon Group is a commercial printing 
business and menu software supplier based in 
Kansas City, Missouri, that has provided serv-
ices to over one thousand clients nationwide 
and printed more than forty-three million 
menus and prints. Since 1975, the Trabon 
Group has been providing countless busi-
nesses with high quality marketing and sales 
prints such as brochures and flyers, as well as 
menu data services that have revolutionized 
the restaurant industry. With forty-six years of 
experience, the Trabon Group has become a 
fixture of the Kansas City business commu-
nity. 
The COVID–19 pandemic has wreaked de-
struction on American lives and on American 
livelihoods. One of the first economic sectors 
to feel the devastating effects of the pandemic 
was the restaurant industry. Soon to follow 
was the entire ecosystem of other businesses, 
including the Trabon Group, who counted res-
taurants among their most loyal clients. At the 
beginning of last year, as businesses began to 
shut their doors, paychecks began to dis-
appear, and cases began to rise, the Trabon 
Group, like so many others, faced mounting 
challenges to stay open and pay their employ-
ees. Our nation was caught off guard by this 
virus, and the situation looked bleak. However, 
in March of 2020, the Trabon group crafted an 
innovative idea that allowed them to continue 
operations and maintain their workforce, all 
while serving struggling communities across 
the United States. 
After 
communicating 
with 
schools, 
healthcare organizations, and hospitals, the 
Trabon Group recognized the dire need for 
protective equipment and began producing 
face shields. They then went about rethinking 
their printing machine capabilities and col-
lected the supplies required to produce the 
shields on a large scale. Within the first few 
days of producing protective equipment, the 
Trabon Group, under the brand USA Shields 
LLC., produced and shipped around fifty thou-
sand medical grade face shields. As a part of 
this endeavor, the Trabon Group was able to 
bring back seventy-two of their furloughed 
workers and are now supplying around eight 
thousand face shields a day to be shipped to 
hospitals, restaurants, meatpacking facilities, 
colleges, and high schools throughout Mis-
souri, Kansas, Iowa, and Texas. 
The Trabon Group had previously set itself 
apart in the business community by creating 
the groundbreaking MenuNet software that 
has allowed restaurants to better manage their 
data, but this past year has truly shown their 
innovative nature and passion for service. As 
vaccines arrive in cities and towns all across 
the United States, and as our country begins 
to see the light at the end of the tunnel, busi-
nesses like the Trabon Group will continue to 
be paramount in defeating this destructive 
virus. It gives me great hope for the future to 
see businesses like the Trabon Group step up 
to serve in times of difficulty, and I am ex-
tremely thankful for their efforts to save lives 
and jobs alike. Throughout American history, 
our people have confronted many seemingly 
insurmountable challenges. Much like past 
generations who faced daunting odds, the 
American people are meeting these chal-
lenges with strength, determination, and deep 
forethought for their fellow citizens. 
Today, we celebrate local businesses such 
as the Trabon Group, who exemplify what true 
representatives of servant leadership look like. 
Madam Speaker, please join me in honoring 
the outstanding work of the Trabon Group in 
the ongoing fight against the COVID–19 pan-
demic. Let us seek to emulate their example 
by setting our talents and resources upon the 
urgent work of helping those in need. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF TAMMY 
STUBER 
HON. JOHN JOYCE 
OF PENNSYLVANIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, February 18, 2021 
Mr. JOYCE of Pennsylvania. Madam Speak-
er, I rise to congratulate Tammy Stuber on her 
appointment to Huntingdon Borough’s newly- 
formed human relations commission. 
The goal of the commission is to ensure 
equal access to employment, housing, and 
other public services to all people, regardless 
of race, sex, ethnicity, and other protected cat-
egories. Local governments have a responsi-
bility to ensure the constitutional and legal 
rights of their citizens are observed, and I 
know that leaders like Ms. Stuber in Hun-
tingdon take that responsibility seriously. 
On behalf of Pennsylvania’s 13th Congres-
sional District, I thank Ms. Stuber for her lead-
ership and service to Huntingdon Borough and 
congratulate her on being appointed to this 
commission. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE FEDERAL 
POLICE CAMERA AND ACCOUNT-
ABILITY ACT OF 2021 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, February 18, 2021 
Ms. NORTON. Madam Speaker, today, I, 
along with Representative DONALD S. BEYER 
Jr., introduce the Federal Police Camera and 
Accountability Act of 2021. This bill would re-
quire uniformed federal law enforcement offi-
cers to wear body cameras and federal 
marked police vehicles to have dashboard 
cameras. It would also require the Govern-
ment Accountability Office to conduct a study 
on federal police officers’ training, vehicle pur-
suits, use of force and interaction with citizens. 
Last Congress, we introduced a virtually iden-
tical bill, which was included in the House- 
passed George Floyd Justice in Policing Act of 
2020. 
After the January 6, 2021, attack on the 
U.S. Capitol, the urgency of this bill has be-
come even more apparent. The U.S. Capitol 
Police tried to stop the mob attack, but without 
body cameras, we have been forced to rely on 
social media, cameras in the Capitol and pub-
lic reporting to learn what happened. The 
events at Lafayette Square last year, where 
U.S. Park Police and other federal police offi-
cers forcibly removed peaceful protestors so 
the president could hold a photo op, is another 
recent example of why our bill is needed. 
On November 17, 2017, Bijan Ghaisar was 
fatally shot in his car by uniformed U.S. Park 
Police officers in Fairfax County, Virginia, after 
a vehicle pursuit on the George Washington 
Memorial Parkway. Video of this shooting only 
became available through a camera in a Fair-
fax County Police Department patrol car that 
was providing backup. Had it not been for that 
footage, which was recorded and released by 
that local police department, the public would 
not have had access to the circumstances sur-
rounding Mr. Ghaisar’s death. Moreover, the 
footage revealed concerns about the Park Po-
lice’s pursuit and engagement policies. 
Body and dashboard cameras for federal 
law enforcement officers are particularly im-
portant for the officers stationed in the nation’s 
capital, where the Park Police and the uni-
formed division of the U.S. Secret Service 
have full local police powers. Many other fed-
eral police departments also have local police 
powers near their respective agency buildings 
in the District of Columbia. Cameras can in-
crease transparency for individual interactions 
with police, strengthen public trust and even 
deter future criminal behavior. For example, 
when criminals know that they are being re-
corded by a dashboard camera, they may be 
less likely to flee the scene of a traffic acci-
dent because they realize that their license 
plate will be documented. Criminals may also 
be less likely to batter an officer because the 
recording may be used as evidence. On the 
other hand, officers will also be less likely to 
commit offenses for the same reason. Body 
and dashboard cameras can also be used to 
train current and future officers more effec-
tively in best and worst practices. 
An increasing number of local police depart-
ments, including the Metropolitan Police De-
partment in the District, are using body and 
dashboard cameras. It is clear that both law 
enforcement and the public would benefit from 
federal police departments following suit to in-
crease transparency and maintain public trust. 
I urge my colleagues to support this legisla-
tion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:30 Feb 19, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00010
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A18FE8.040
E18FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 33-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E147 
February 18, 2021 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE FLORIDA 
A&M UNIVERSITY BRAGG MEMO-
RIAL COVID–19 TESTING SITE 
HON. AL LAWSON, JR. 
OF FLORIDA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, February 18, 2021 
Mr. LAWSON of Florida. Madam Speaker, it 
is with great pride that I rise today to highlight 
the impactful work that is being done at the 
Florida A&M University (FAMU) Bragg Memo-
rial COVID–19 testing site in Tallahassee, 
Florida. 
Since the start of the start of the worldwide 
COVID–19 pandemic, the FAMU testing site 
has been providing free testing for residents of 
Tallahassee/Leon County, and indeed all of 
North Florida and South Georgia for nearly 10 
months. 
The FAMU COVID–19 testing center first 
opened on April 25, 2020, and has adminis-
tered more than 234,000 tests. I applaud 
FAMU for springing into action to address the 
needs of North Florida residents by serving as 
a COVID–19 testing site. I am convinced that 
their efforts have helped to save lives in our 
community. 
Madam Speaker, I would especially like to 
thank FAMU President Larry Robinson, Tanya 
Tatum, FAMU Director of Student Health Serv-
ices, Cynthia Harris, Ph.D., FAMU associate 
dean for Public Health, and all the others who 
saw the need and spearheaded this effort, 
along with the frontline heroes coordinating 
and administering the tests. 
Their efforts are working to keep us safe 
and save lives. They are putting their health 
and safety at risk for the safety of our families 
and to protect our community. I understand 
the tremendous sacrifices they are making, 
and I sincerely appreciate their service. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF A BILL TO EN-
SURE FAIR ACCESS AND OPPOR-
TUNITY TO FEDERAL JOBS FOR 
ALL AMERICANS 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, February 18, 2021 
Mr. HASTINGS. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to introduce a bill to ensure fair access 
and opportunity to Federal jobs for all Ameri-
cans. For close to two decades now, I and 
many of my colleagues have been fighting to 
increase diversity in the federal workforce. In 
particular, I have focused on the international 
affairs and national security sector where I 
have called for a diversity plan from the Direc-
tor of National Intelligence, as well as for the 
Department of State and USAID. During the 
116th Congress, in my capacity as Chairman 
of the Commission on Security and Coopera-
tion in Europe, I held hearings and supported 
initiatives focused on equity and justice issues 
in the United States and abroad. And, I have 
not been alone in my efforts. House and Sen-
ate committees responsible for our foreign re-
lations and national security held several hear-
ings focused on diversity in federal agencies. 
Additionally, Congressionally mandated re-
ports from the Government Accountability Of-
fice found that diversity targets set close to a 
decade ago were not being met at the State 
Department and USAID. 
My colleagues and I have engaged in diver-
sity, equity, and inclusion efforts in the Federal 
government not because they are nice or cor-
rect, but because they are what is in the best 
interest for the longevity of our nation. The 
U.S. workforce is becoming more racially, eth-
nically, and otherwise diverse, with estimates 
that, by 2050, over half of the workforce will 
be made up of Americans from diverse popu-
lations. Jobs across our government, whether 
they are in the military, intelligence, foreign 
service, health, or education sectors, will re-
quire that we not only hire, but also retain a 
more diverse federal workforce to sustain the 
needs of our country and remain a stable de-
mocracy. 
To do so, we must have a plan. My bill calls 
for a government-wide diversity and inclusion 
plan that ensures that all branches of govern-
ment are engaged in multi-year strategic plan-
ning that recruits, hires, promotes, retains, and 
supports leadership from America’s diverse 
talent pool in the federal workforce for the 
good of our country. It also calls for a review 
of diversity, equity, and inclusion in govern-
ment contracting and grantmaking, as both are 
often also pathways to government employ-
ment. 
My bill therefore complements and provides 
an essential tool for executing the recent Ex-
ecutive Orders on racial equity and addressing 
discrimination and disparities in the workplace 
released by President Biden over the past two 
weeks. 
Diversity, equity, and inclusion are the 
underpinnings of democratic societies. It is 
time that we enforce democratic values by en-
suring all segments of our society have equal 
access and opportunity to contribute to a vi-
brant workforce that is at the heart of our de-
mocracy for the future of our nation. 
f 
HONORING MR. SAM SPRUELL OF 
MOUNT HOPE, ALABAMA 
HON. ROBERT B. ADERHOLT 
OF ALABAMA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, February 18, 2021 
Mr. ADERHOLT. Madam Speaker, I would 
like to recognize Mr. Sam Spruell from Mount 
Hope, Alabama who passed away on January 
7, 2021 after a life of sixty-three years. He 
was an upstanding citizen of our state, a re-
spected member of the Mount Hope commu-
nity, and an outstanding businessman and 
farmer. 
Sam Spruell was an Alabamian through and 
through, widely known for the kindness and 
friendship he displayed throughout his entire 
life. More importantly, Sam was a husband, fa-
ther, and farmer who cared deeply about his 
work and the people around him. Never miss-
ing an opportunity to lend a helping hand, 
Sam was always available to those who need-
ed him. 
Sam was also a champion for Alabama cot-
ton and the producers throughout the state. 
He served as President of the Southern Cot-
ton Growers from 2004 through 2005, a testa-
ment to his dedication and passion to the in-
dustry. He was also a member of the South-
eastern Boll Weevil Eradication Foundation, 
the Alabama Cotton Commission, and the Na-
tional Cotton Council. There is no doubt that 
Sam’s countless hours of hard work in these 
arenas made an indelible impact for the State 
of Alabama and the nation—one that will con-
tinue for years to come. 
Sam Spruell was a sincere and true man of 
God. As a leader of the Community Clothes 
Closet and Ministry of Hope, Sam played a 
key role in serving those around him. He went 
on to donate an entire building to The Caring 
Place, a charity near and dear to his heart. 
Sam Spruell is now survived by his wife 
Lynn Spruell, and two children, Jonathon 
Spruell and Liz Rhodes. In addition, he is sur-
vived by his five grandchildren, Shelby, Madi, 
Max, Mia, and Cam. 
Our thoughts and prayers go out to all of 
Sam’s family and friends. The Fourth District, 
the state of Alabama, and the nation have lost 
a friend and patriot. However, there is no 
question that his legacy and impact will live on 
well into the future. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF FORMER 
PINE BLUFF MAYOR, CAROLYN 
ROBINSON 
HON. BRUCE WESTERMAN 
OF ARKANSAS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, February 18, 2021 
Mr. WESTERMAN. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to celebrate the life of Former Mayor of 
Pine Bluff, Carolyn Robinson. Mayor Robinson 
passed away on Thursday, January 14, 2021, 
leaving behind a legacy of service to her com-
munity. 
Elected the first female city council member 
in 1978, Robinson became the first female 
Mayor of Pine Bluff, serving two terms from 
1984 to 1992. She was described by her col-
leagues in public service as a trailblazer who 
broke all the barriers to best serve her city. 
Born August 6, 1936, in nearby Corner-
stone, 
Mayor 
Robinson 
graduated 
from 
Altheimer High School. In 1960, she married 
Fred Robinson, and together, they raised 
three children, Renee, Tina, and Robbie. With 
three grandchildren and three great-grand-
children, she was known as a committed fam-
ily woman. 
I take this time today to honor the life of 
service exemplified by Mayor Carolyn Robin-
son. I thank her and her family for their dedi-
cation to our fellow citizens and our beloved 
Fourth District. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF ALTOONA 
POLICE CHIEF JANICE FREEHLING 
HON. JOHN JOYCE 
OF PENNSYLVANIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, February 18, 2021 
Mr. JOYCE of Pennsylvania. Madam Speak-
er, I rise to congratulate Altoona Police Chief 
Janice Freehling on her retirement. 
Chief Freehling has honorably served the 
Altoona Police Department for more than 44 
years. During her career, she has held the fol-
lowing positions: Patrolman, Corporal, Ser-
geant, Lieutenant, Captain, and most recently 
Chief. 
In 2001, she was promoted to Chief of the 
department and is the first woman to serve in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:30 Feb 19, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00011
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A18FE8.044
E18FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 34-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E148 
February 18, 2021 
the position. Under her leadership, the Altoona 
Police Department has persevered through 
challenges and experienced much success. 
Specifically, Chief Freehling has been recog-
nized for her excellent management of the de-
partment, as well as her work to modernize 
the department with 21st century tools and 
training. Thanks to Chief Freehling’s hard work 
and dedication, the City of Altoona is a safe 
community to live, work, and raise a family. 
As Chief Freehling retires on March 1—the 
20th anniversary of her promotion to Chief— 
our community celebrates this servant-hearted 
leader. On behalf of the 13th District of Penn-
sylvania, it is my privilege to thank Chief 
Freehling and honor her longstanding service 
to the City of Altoona. As Chief Freehling em-
barks on a new chapter, I congratulate her on 
her retirement and wish her every continued 
happiness. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:30 Feb 19, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00012
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A18FE8.048
E18FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 35-
D132 
Thursday, February 18, 2021 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate was not in session, and stands ad-
journed until 10:15 a.m., on Friday, February 19, 
2021. 
Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 106 
public bills, H.R. 5, 1085–1189; 2 private bills, 
H.R. 1190–1191; and 13 resolutions, H.J. Res. 26; 
H. Con. Res. 17; and H. Res. 130–140, were intro-
duced.                                                                        Pages H529–35 
Additional Cosponsors:                                 Pages H539–40 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. 
Joint Economic Committee—Appointment: The 
Speaker announced her appointment of the following 
Members on the part of the House to the Joint Eco-
nomic 
Committee: 
Representatives 
Beyer 
and 
Schweikert.                                                                      Page H517 
Congressional-Executive Commission on the Peo-
ple’s Republic of China—Appointment: The 
Speaker announced her appointment of the following 
Members on the part of the House to the Congres-
sional-Executive Commission on the People’s Repub-
lic of China: Representative McGovern, Co-Chair; 
and Representative Smith (NJ).                   Pages H517–18 
Tom Lantos Human Rights Commission—Re-
appointment: The Speaker announced her re-
appointment of the following Member to serve as co- 
chair of the Tom Lantos Human Rights Commis-
sion: Representative McGovern.                           Page H518 
Senate Referral: S. 35 was held at the desk. 
Senate Messages: Messages received from the Senate 
by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the 
House today appear on page H517. 
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no yea-and-nay 
votes, and there were no recorded votes. There were 
no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 12:30 p.m. and 
adjourned at 12:34 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
HOUSE WELLNESS AND OFFICE OF 
EMPLOYEE ASSISTANCE (OEA) 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Legisla-
tive Branch held a hearing entitled ‘‘House Wellness 
and Office of Employee Assistance (OEA)’’. Testi-
mony was heard from Paul Tewksbury, Director, Of-
fice of Employee Assistance, U.S. House of Rep-
resentatives; and Bryan Weiss, Manager, House 
Wellness Center, U.S. House of Representatives. 
UPDATE ON THE DEPARTMENT OF 
DEFENSE’S EVOLVING ROLES AND MISSION 
IN RESPONSE TO THE COVID–19 
PANDEMIC 
Committee on Armed Services: On February 17, 2021, 
Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Update on 
the Department of Defense’s Evolving Roles and 
Mission in Response to the COVID–19 Pandemic’’. 
Testimony was heard from Robert G. Salesses, Per-
forming the Duties of Assistant Secretary of Defense 
for Homeland Defense and Global Security, Office of 
the Secretary of Defense, Department of Defense; 
Major General Jeff Taliaferro, U.S. Air Force, Vice 
Director for Operations, Joint Chiefs of Staff; and 
Major General Steven S. Nordhaus, U.S. Air Force, 
Director of Operations, National Guard Bureau. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:34 Feb 19, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D18FE1.REC
D18FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 36-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
D133 
February 18, 2021 
CONNECTING AMERICA: BROADBAND 
SOLUTIONS TO PANDEMIC PROBLEMS 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: On February 17, 
2021, Subcommittee on Communications and Tech-
nology held a hearing entitled ‘‘Connecting America: 
Broadband Solutions to Pandemic Problems’’. Testi-
mony was heard from Tiffany Anderson, Super-
intendent, Topeka Public Schools, Kansas; and pub-
lic witnesses. 
A SMARTER INVESTMENT: PATHWAYS TO 
A CLEAN ENERGY FUTURE 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Energy held a hearing entitled ‘‘A Smarter Invest-
ment: Pathways to a Clean Energy Future’’. Testi-
mony was heard from Daniel C. Camp III, Chair-
man, Beaver County Commissioners, Pennsylvania; 
and public witnesses. 
GAME STOPPED? WHO WINS AND LOSES 
WHEN SHORT SELLERS, SOCIAL MEDIA, 
AND RETAIL INVESTORS COLLIDE 
Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee held 
a hearing entitled ‘‘Game Stopped? Who Wins and 
Loses When Short Sellers, Social Media, and Retail 
Investors Collide’’. Testimony was heard from public 
witnesses. 
H.R. 40: EXPLORING THE PATH TO 
REPARATIVE JUSTICE IN AMERICA 
Committee on the Judiciary: On February 17, 2021, 
Subcommittee on the Constitution, Civil Rights, and 
Civil Liberties held a hearing entitled ‘‘H.R. 40: Ex-
ploring the Path to Reparative Justice in America’’. 
Testimony was heard from Shirley N. Weber, Sec-
retary, Office of the California Secretary of State; and 
public witnesses. 
THE SUPREME COURT’S SHADOW DOCKET 
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Courts, 
Intellectual Property, and the Internet held a hearing 
entitled ‘‘The Supreme Court’s Shadow Docket’’. 
Testimony was heard from Loren L. AliKhan, Solic-
itor General, Washington, D.C.; and public wit-
nesses. 
ORGANIZATIONAL MEETING 
Committee on Natural Resources: Full Committee held 
an organizational meeting. The Committee adopted 
its rules for the 117th Congress, as amended. The 
Staff Resolution was agreed to. 
ORGANIZATIONAL MEETING 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Full Com-
mittee held an organizational meeting. The Com-
mittee adopted its rules for the 117th Congress. 
FREE TAX PREPARATION SERVICES 
DURING THE PANDEMIC 
Committee on Ways and Means: Subcommittee on 
Oversight held a hearing entitled ‘‘Free Tax Prepara-
tion Services During the Pandemic’’. Testimony was 
heard from public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, 
FEBRUARY 19, 2021 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. 
House 
Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on the De-
partments of Labor, Health and Human Services, Edu-
cation, 
and 
Related 
Agencies, 
hearing 
entitled 
‘‘COVID–19 and the Child Care Crisis’’, 10 a.m., Webex. 
Subcommittee on Military Construction, Veterans Af-
fairs, and Related Agencies, hearing entitled ‘‘Department 
of Veterans Affairs COVID–19 Response’’, 1 p.m., 
Webex. 
Committee on House Administration, Full Committee, 
business meeting on a Committee Resolution to establish 
procedures in contested election cases properly filed under 
the Federal Contested Election Act, and related matters, 
2:30 p.m., Webex. 
Committee on Oversight and Reform, Subcommittee on Na-
tional Security, hearing entitled ‘‘A Pathway for Peace in 
Afghanistan: Examining the Findings and Recommenda-
tions of the Afghanistan Study Group’’, 10:30 a.m., 
Webex. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Science of COVID–19 Vac-
cines and Encouraging Vaccine Uptake’’, 11 a.m., Webex. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:34 Feb 19, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D18FE1.REC
D18FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 37-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional Record
The Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each House
of Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, United
States Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶ Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶ To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO
63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶ Following
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶ With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record.
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.
U
N
U
M
E
P
LU
RI
B
U
S
D134 
February 18, 2021 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
10:15 a.m., Friday, February 19 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Friday: Senate will meet in pro forma ses-
sion. 
Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
11:30 a.m., Monday, February 22 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: House will meet in Pro Forma 
session at 11:30 a.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Aderholt, Robert B., Ala., E147 
Banks, Jim, Ind., E140 
Chu, Judy, Calif., E140 
Cleaver, Emanuel, Mo., E146 
Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E138 
Courtney, Joe, Conn., E139, E143 
Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E138 
Gallego, Ruben, Ariz., E142 
Haaland, Debra A., N.M., E144 
Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E137, E139, E141, E144, E147 
Hern, Kevin, Okla., E145 
Joyce, John, Pa., E137, E138, E139, E140, E141, E142, 
E143, E145, E146, E147 
Kelly, Trent, Miss., E137, E141 
Langevin, James R., R.I., E137 
Lawson, Al, Jr., Fla., E147 
Meng, Grace, N.Y., E138, E142 
Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, 
E138, E141, E146 
Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E140, E145 
Pocan, Mark, Wisc., E142 
Ruppersberger, C.A. Dutch, Md., E143 
Steil, Bryan, Wisc., E145 
Thompson, Mike, Calif., E144 
Westerman, Bruce, Ark., E137, E139, E141, E143, E145, 
E147 
Wilson, Joe, S.C., E140 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:34 Feb 19, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 0664
Sfmt 0664
E:\CR\FM\D18FE1.REC
D18FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 38-
