Congressional Record
U
N
U
M
E
P
LU
RI
B
U
S
United States
of America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 117th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
b This symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b 1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.
H4923 
Vol. 168 
WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, MAY 13, 2022 
No. 82 
Senate 
The Senate was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Monday, May 16, 2022, at 3 p.m. 
House of Representatives 
FRIDAY, MAY 13, 2022 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-
pore (Ms. UNDERWOOD). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-
nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON, DC, 
May 13, 2022. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable LAUREN 
UNDERWOOD to act as Speaker pro tempore 
on this day. 
NANCY PELOSI, 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Margaret 
Grun Kibben, offered the following 
prayer: 
Breathe on us, breath of God. Fill us 
with life anew. It is by You whom we 
have been created and for You whom 
we live. And even as we enjoy this gift 
of life that You have given us, may we 
realize that You have entrusted us 
with its living and You hold each of us 
accountable to Your intent. 
Breathe on us, breath of God, until 
our hearts are pure. Reveal to us Your 
desires as we come to understand Your 
will. Would that we dedicate our ef-
forts, not to please ourselves, but to be 
faithful to Your gracious plan for all 
Your creation. 
Breathe on us, breath of God, that we 
shall never fail. And when we are called 
to account for our days, when our deci-
sions are questioned, our motives test-
ed, may we prove worthy of the mo-
ments You have provided us and the 
lives You have so graciously given us. 
In You, O Lord, do we live and move 
and have our being. 
By the power of Your name we pray. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 11(a) of House Resolu-
tion 188, the Journal of the last day’s 
proceedings is approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentleman from Kansas (Mr. ESTES) 
come forward and lead the House in the 
Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. ESTES led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-
lic for which it stands, one nation under God, 
indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will entertain up to five requests 
for 1-minute speeches on each side of 
the aisle. 
f 
DON’T MESS WITH WOMEN’S 
REPRODUCTIVE RIGHTS 
(Ms. GARCIA of Texas asked and was 
given permission to address the House 
for 1 minute and to revise and extend 
her remarks.) 
Ms. GARCIA of Texas. Madam Speak-
er, I rise in outrage due to recent at-
tacks on women’s reproductive rights 
and now, as we have seen, maybe plans 
to attack other fundamental rights. 
Republicans are using this leaked 
opinion as fuel to take their extreme 
policies even further. I say to my fel-
low colleagues, if Republicans overturn 
Roe, they will take aim at other pri-
vacy rights, such as same-sex marriage 
and access to contraception. 
Indeed, in Texas, Governor Greg Ab-
bott now wants to overturn a Supreme 
Court decision that ensures public edu-
cation for immigrant children. 
In West Virginia, a white nationalist 
wants to take aim at Brown v. Board of 
Education, which outlawed racial seg-
regation in public schools. 
I ask you, what comes next? 
Madam Speaker, we are fighting to 
protect a woman’s freedom to make 
her own healthcare decisions. But we 
will also be fighting the fight of all 
fights to protect all our freedoms. 
Don’t mess with women’s reproduc-
tive rights. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NATIONAL CHARTER 
SCHOOL WEEK 
(Mrs. MILLER-MEEKS asked and 
was given permission to address the 
House for 1 minute and to revise and 
extend her remarks.) 
Mrs. 
MILLER-MEEKS. 
Madam 
Speaker, I rise today to recognize Na-
tional Charter School Week. 
National Charter School Week is a 
time to recognize that every student 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:47 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A13MY7.000
H13MYPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE
® 
Pdnted on recycled papfil 

 -Page 0-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4924 
May 13, 2022 
should have access to high-quality edu-
cation. It is also a time to celebrate 
the educators who work tirelessly to 
make sure that that happens. 
Every family should have the ability 
to choose the best education that fits 
the needs of their child, regardless of 
ZIP Code. Charter schools are an im-
portant part of school choice. 
Last year, I joined Senator TIM 
SCOTT to introduce the CHOICE Act. 
This commonsense bill would provide 
families with greater options with re-
gard to their children’s education. 
When I left home to go to college at 
the age of 16, I did so to pursue the best 
educational opportunities available. I 
believe that students should always 
have the opportunity to succeed, no 
matter where they live, and I will al-
ways fight for them. 
I would also like to take a moment 
to wish a happy birthday to my sister. 
Happy birthday, Mariette. 
f 
REPRODUCTIVE 
CHOICE 
IS 
PER-
SONAL, PRIVATE, AND SERIOUS 
(Ms. ESHOO asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend her re-
marks.) 
Ms. ESHOO. Madam Speaker, I rise 
in support of every girl and woman 
whose rights, lives, and futures are on 
the line if Roe v. Wade is struck down. 
For the first time in our Nation’s his-
tory, the Supreme Court is poised to 
take a constitutional right away from 
the American people, creating a time 
when America’s daughters will not 
have the rights their mothers had. The 
Court’s intent to turn back the hands 
of time by a half century, without the 
consent of the governed, is devastating. 
If Roe falls, there will be a patch-
work of States with differing laws and 
restrictions, causing societal chaos. 
Twenty-six States are likely to ban 
abortion, few with exceptions for rape 
and incest, subjecting more than 36 
million women and girls to the black 
markets of back-alley abortions. 
House Democrats will gather on the 
steps of the Capitol today, across the 
street from the Supreme Court, to 
stand with the millions of women 
whose basic reproductive rights are 
being stripped away by this ruling. 
The Supreme Court is now sur-
rounded by protective fencing. I think 
the Justices are fenced off from re-
ality. 
This is private, personal, and serious, 
and women should be able to make 
their own decisions. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NATIONAL POLICE 
WEEK 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-
dress the House for 1 minute and to re-
vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Madam Speaker, this weekend, tens of 
thousands of law enforcement officers 
from across the country will arrive in 
Washington for National Police Week. 
Established by a joint resolution of 
Congress in 1962, National Police Week 
pays special recognition to those law 
enforcement officers who have lost 
their lives in the line of duty for the 
safety and protection of others. 
National Police Week is a collabo-
rative effort of many organizations 
dedicated to honoring America’s law 
enforcement community. The National 
Peace Officers’ Memorial Service and 
Candlelight Vigil will take place later 
this evening, allowing the Nation to 
pause and remember the officers who 
have made that ultimate sacrifice. 
This week honors the men and 
women in blue who gave everything to 
protect their country and their com-
munities. 
Earlier 
this 
year, 
Pennsylvania 
mourned the loss of two State troopers, 
Martin Mack III and Branden Sisca, 
who were killed in the line of duty on 
March 21, 2022. 
Our officers put on their uniforms 
each day knowing that they can be in 
harm’s way at any moment. 
On behalf of a grateful Nation, thank 
you to all our officers who serve. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE 
OF TIMOTHY KLEIN 
(Mr. ESPAILLAT asked and was 
given permission to address the House 
for 1 minute and to revise and extend 
his remarks.) 
Mr. ESPAILLAT. Madam Speaker, 
last week, family, friends, and thou-
sands of fellow firefighters gathered to 
bid a final farewell to fallen FDNY 
Firefighter Timothy Klein. 
We lost Tim in the line of duty, 
where he made the ultimate sacrifice 
in the face of incredible danger, re-
sponding to a fire in the borough of 
Brooklyn. 
Tim was a 6-year veteran of the de-
partment. He came from a family of 
firefighters, including his dad. He made 
an impression on everybody he worked 
with, the junior men who he trained 
and the senior men and women who he 
impressed. 
Tim was the American Dream, fueled 
by the will to put on his uniform, run 
toward danger, and put his life on the 
line to save others. 
New York City rises today in Con-
gress to honor his life, his service, and 
the memory and legacy Tim left be-
hind. 
f 
PRESIDENT BIDEN’S ENERGY 
CRISIS 
(Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. LAMALFA. Madam Speaker, the 
Biden energy crisis doesn’t just extend 
to gas and diesel in this country. It 
also extends to our power grid, shut-
ting down our hydroelectric plants, et 
cetera. 
We also have in California a nuclear 
power plant known as Diablo Canyon, 
which produces just under 10 percent of 
all of our power in California, slated to 
be shut down in 2024. 
The California Independent System 
Operator warns of a critical inflection 
point to the stability of the grid and 
would require a shift to—get this— 
more fossil fuel, which would then re-
quire more CO2 to be produced, even 
though we know CO2 is only 0.04 per-
cent of the atmosphere. 
Summer blackouts were predicted by 
the California Energy Commission and 
the ISO just last October in informa-
tion they released, so this would make 
a greater reliance on imported elec-
tricity from other States. 
The Biden administration needs to do 
all it can to help have the NRC, the 
Nuclear Regulatory Commission, and 
the Federal Energy Regulatory Com-
mission renew the licenses for Diablo 
Canyon for at least 20 years. 
f 
PROTECT ROE V. WADE 
(Mr. TAKANO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. TAKANO. Madam Speaker, I am 
outraged. 
I am outraged because, in 2022, 
women are still fighting for their re-
productive rights. 
I am outraged that women do not 
have autonomy over their bodies. Their 
bodies belong to them, not Supreme 
Court Justices, not politicians, and not 
anyone else. 
I am outraged that, despite the fact 
that the majority of Americans sup-
port legal abortion, the Senate has 
voted against the bill that codifies Roe 
and protects access to abortion. 
What these political hacks on the Su-
preme Court and politicians do not re-
alize is that striking down Roe v. Wade 
will not end abortion. It will simply 
end safe access to abortion, and wom-
en’s lives will be at risk. 
If you are not equally enraged, you 
are not paying attention. 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF 
RALENE BERGQUIST 
(Mr. ESTES asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. ESTES. Madam Speaker, I rise 
on behalf of the people of the Fourth 
District of Kansas to pay tribute to 
Ralene Bergquist as she retires after 10 
years of service in our congressional 
district. 
Ralene has been faithfully serving 
the people of Kansas’ Fourth District 
for 10 years. She began with my prede-
cessor, Congressman Mike Pompeo, be-
fore he went to be the CIA Director. 
Ralene was very familiar and a con-
stant voice to help make sure that we 
had a smooth transition when I became 
a new Member of Congress for the 
Fourth District. 
Ralene’s dedication and work have 
been very much appreciated and a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:47 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.003
H13MYPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 1-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4925 
May 13, 2022 
great service to two Members of Con-
gress, as well as the constituents of 
Kansas’ Fourth Congressional District. 
I speak for myself and the entire D.C. 
and district staff when I say we will 
miss Ralene as she retires from con-
gressional service. 
We are excited to see what the future 
holds for Ralene and wish her many 
blessings as she enjoys more time with 
her husband, Kansas State Representa-
tive Emil Bergquist, their children, and 
their grandchildren. 
Congratulations on a wonderful ca-
reer, and thank you from a grateful 
district. 
f 
HONORING CANTOR MARTHA 
NOVICK FOR HER SERVICE 
(Mr. MALINOWSKI asked and was 
given permission to address the House 
for 1 minute.) 
Mr. MALINOWSKI. Madam Speaker, 
I rise today to honor Cantor Martha 
Novick, who for the last 36 years has 
filled Temple Emanu-El, in Westfield, 
New Jersey, with her warmth and her 
voice. 
Over the years, she has brought hun-
dreds of students to Washington, D.C., 
to introduce them to social justice, ad-
vocacy, and action. 
She has performed leading roles for 
the Metropolitan Opera Association 
and the National Shakespeare Theatre 
and has appeared as a soloist with the 
Jerusalem Symphony, the Brooklyn 
Philharmonic, and the Westfield Sym-
phony. 
Cantor Novick is a performer and an 
innovator, 
creating 
the 
Shabbat 
Hallelu worship service, which has be-
come a national model, and working 
tirelessly to find a balance between 
traditional and modern musical styles 
of worship. 
We are grateful to Cantor Novick for 
all she has done and for her commit-
ment to Temple Emanu-El and its 
greater community in her new role as 
Cantor Emeritus. 
f 
b 0915 
WELCOME HOME CORPORAL 
LAVERNE ‘‘DIRK’’ VAN DYKE 
(Mr. HUIZENGA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. HUIZENGA. Madam Speaker, I 
rise today to welcome home Corporal 
Laverne ‘‘Dirk’’ Van Dyke, who sac-
rificed his life during World War II, and 
was finally laid to rest in his and my 
hometown of Zeeland, Michigan, after 
nearly 80 years. 
U.S. Army Air Force Corporal Dirk 
Van Dyke served as a flight engineer 
on a B–25C aircraft in the Pacific the-
ater when his plane went missing. Cor-
poral Van Dyke and six other crew-
members were last seen departing an 
airport on the reconnaissance mission 
off the coast of New Guinea on January 
18, 1943. 
Despite an extensive search, mem-
bers of the Fifth Air Force were not 
able to locate the plane or the airmen. 
Many years later the wreckage was dis-
covered in the mountains of Papua New 
Guinea, and the remains of Corporal 
Van Dyke and others were seemingly 
identified but were inconclusive. How-
ever, recently the Department of De-
fense officially considered Corporal 
Van Dyke accounted for. 
Madam Speaker, we will never forget 
the selfless actions, sacrifice, and dedi-
cation to our country by these service-
members and what they displayed. 
To Corporal Van Dyke’s family, our 
entire Nation holds you in our prayers 
as we get ready and prepare for Memo-
rial Day, and as you welcome Dirk 
home as an American hero. Rest easy, 
Corporal Van Dyke. Rest easy. 
f 
COMMUNITY 
SERVICES 
BLOCK 
GRANT MODERNIZATION ACT OF 
2022 
Ms. 
BONAMICI. 
Madam 
Speaker, 
pursuant to House Resolution 1097, I 
call up the bill (H.R. 5129) to amend the 
Community Services Block Grant Act 
to reauthorize and modernize the Act, 
and ask for its immediate consider-
ation. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 1097, in lieu of 
the amendment in the nature of a sub-
stitute recommended by the Com-
mittee on Education and Labor printed 
in the bill, an amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute consisting of the 
text of Rules Committee Print 117–42, 
modified by the amendment printed in 
part E of House Report 117–320, is 
adopted and the bill, as amended, is 
considered read. 
The text of the bill, as amended, is as 
follows: 
H.R. 5129 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Community 
Services Block Grant Modernization Act of 
2022’’. 
SEC. 2. REAUTHORIZATION. 
Subtitle B of title VI of the Omnibus Budget 
Reconciliation Act of 1981 (42 U.S.C. 9901 et 
seq.) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘Subtitle B—Community Services Block Grant 
Program 
‘‘SEC. 671. SHORT TITLE. 
‘‘This subtitle may be cited as the ‘Community 
Services Block Grant Act’. 
‘‘SEC. 672. PURPOSES. 
‘‘The purposes of this subtitle are— 
‘‘(1) to reduce poverty in the United States by 
supporting the activities of community action 
agencies and other community services network 
organizations that improve the economic secu-
rity of low-income individuals and families and 
create new economic opportunities in the com-
munities where they live; and 
‘‘(2) to accomplish the purposes described in 
paragraph (1) by— 
‘‘(A) strengthening community capabilities for 
identifying poverty conditions and opportunities 
to alleviate such conditions; 
‘‘(B) empowering residents of the low-income 
communities served to respond to the unique 
problems 
and 
needs 
in 
their communities 
through their maximum feasible participation in 
advising, planning, and evaluating the pro-
grams, projects, and services funded under this 
subtitle; 
‘‘(C) using innovative community-based ap-
proaches that produce a measurable impact on 
the causes and effects of poverty, including 
whole family approaches that create opportuni-
ties for, and address the needs of, parents and 
children together; 
‘‘(D) coordinating Federal, State, local, and 
other assistance, including private resources, re-
lated to the reduction of poverty so that re-
sources can be used in a manner responsive to 
local needs and conditions; and 
‘‘(E) broadening the resources directed to the 
elimination of poverty, so as to promote partner-
ships that include— 
‘‘(i) private, religious, charitable, and neigh-
borhood-based organizations; and 
‘‘(ii) individuals, businesses, labor organiza-
tions, professional organizations, and other or-
ganizations engaged in expanding opportunities 
for all individuals. 
‘‘SEC. 673. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this subtitle: 
‘‘(1) AGENCY-WIDE STRATEGIC PLAN.—The term 
‘agency-wide strategic plan’ means a plan that 
has been adopted by an eligible entity in the 
previous 5 years and establishes goals that in-
clude meeting needs identified by the entity in 
consultation with residents of the community 
through a process of comprehensive community 
needs assessment. 
‘‘(2) POVERTY LINE.—The term ‘poverty line’ 
means the poverty guideline calculated by the 
Secretary from the most recent data available 
from the Bureau of the Census. The Secretary 
shall revise the poverty line annually (or at any 
shorter interval the Secretary determines to be 
feasible and desirable). The required revision 
shall be accomplished by multiplying the official 
poverty thresholds from the Bureau of the Cen-
sus by the percentage change in the Consumer 
Price Index for All Urban Consumers during the 
annual or other interval immediately preceding 
the time at which the revision is made. 
‘‘(3) COMMUNITY
ACTION
AGENCY.—The term 
‘community action agency’ means an eligible en-
tity (which meets the requirements of paragraph 
(1) or (2), as appropriate, of section 680(c)) that 
delivers multiple programs, projects, and serv-
ices to a variety of low-income individuals and 
families. 
‘‘(4) COMMUNITY
ACTION
PLAN.—The term 
‘community action plan’ means a detailed plan, 
including a budget, that is adopted by an eligi-
ble entity, for expenditures of funds appro-
priated for a fiscal year under this subtitle for 
the activities supported directly or indirectly by 
such funds. 
‘‘(5) COMMUNITY SERVICES NETWORK ORGANI-
ZATION.—The term ‘community services network 
organization’ means any of the following orga-
nizations funded under this subtitle: 
‘‘(A) A grantee. 
‘‘(B) An eligible entity. 
‘‘(C) A Tribal grantee. 
‘‘(D) An association with a membership com-
posed primarily of grantees, eligible entities, 
Tribal grantees, or associations of grantees, eli-
gible entities, or Tribal grantees. 
‘‘(6) DEPARTMENT.—The term ‘Department’ 
means the Department of Health and Human 
Services. 
‘‘(7) ELIGIBLE ENTITY.—The term ‘eligible enti-
ty’ means an entity— 
‘‘(A) that is an eligible entity described in sec-
tion 673(1) of the Community Services Block 
Grant Act (as in effect immediately before the 
date of the enactment of the Community Serv-
ices Block Grant Modernization Act of 2022) as 
of the day before such date of enactment, or has 
been designated by the process described in sec-
tion 680(a) (including an organization serving 
migrant or seasonal farmworkers that is so de-
scribed or designated); and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:47 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.005
H13MYPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 2-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4926 
May 13, 2022 
‘‘(B) that has a tripartite board described in 
paragraph (1) or (2), as appropriate, of section 
680(c). 
‘‘(8) EVIDENCE-BASED
PRACTICE.—The term 
‘evidence-based practice’ means an activity, 
strategy, or intervention that— 
‘‘(A) demonstrates a statistically significant 
effect on improving relevant outcomes based on 
at least one well-designed and well-implemented 
experimental or quasi-experimental study, or at 
least one well-designed and well-implemented 
correlational study with statistical controls for 
selection bias, and includes ongoing efforts to 
examine the effects of such activity, strategy, or 
intervention; or 
‘‘(B) demonstrates a rationale based on high- 
quality research findings or positive evaluation 
that such activity, strategy, or intervention is 
likely to improve relevant outcomes, and in-
cludes ongoing efforts to examine the effects of 
such activity, strategy, or intervention. 
‘‘(9) GRANTEE.—The term ‘grantee’ means a 
recipient of a grant under section 675 or 676. 
‘‘(10) PRIVATE, NONPROFIT
ORGANIZATION.— 
The 
term 
‘private, 
nonprofit 
organization’ 
means a domestic organization that is— 
‘‘(A) described in section 501(c)(3) of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from tax-
ation under section 501(a) of such Code; and 
‘‘(B) described in paragraph (1) or (2) of sec-
tion 509(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
‘‘(11) SECRETARY.—The term ‘Secretary’ means 
the Secretary of Health and Human Services. 
‘‘(12) SERVICE AREA.—The term ‘service area’ 
means the unique geographic area which the 
State has designated as the area to be served by 
an eligible entity with funding under section 
679(a)(1). 
‘‘(13) STATE.—The term ‘State’ means any of 
the several States, the District of Columbia, 
Puerto Rico, Guam, American Samoa, the 
United States Virgin Islands, or the Common-
wealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. 
‘‘(14) TRIBAL
GRANTEE.—The term ‘Tribal 
grantee’ means an Indian Tribe or Tribal orga-
nization, as defined in section 677(a), that re-
ceives a grant under section 677(c). 
‘‘SEC. 
674. 
AUTHORIZATION 
OF 
COMMUNITY 
SERVICES BLOCK GRANT PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) AUTHORIZATION OF PROGRAM.—The Sec-
retary is authorized to carry out a community 
services block grant program and to make grants 
through the program, under sections 675 and 
676, to States to support local community action 
plans carried out by eligible entities to reduce 
poverty in the communities served by such enti-
ties. 
‘‘(b) AUTHORITY
OF
SECRETARY.—The Sec-
retary is authorized to carry out other commu-
nity programs described in section 690. 
‘‘SEC. 675. GRANTS TO TERRITORIES. 
‘‘(a) APPORTIONMENT.—The Secretary shall 
apportion the amount reserved under section 
691(c)(1) for each fiscal year on the basis of 
need, based on the most recent applicable data 
available from the Bureau of the Census to ac-
count for poverty, to eligible jurisdictions among 
Guam, American Samoa, the United States Vir-
gin Islands, and the Commonwealth of the 
Northern Mariana Islands. 
‘‘(b) GRANTS.—The Secretary shall make a 
grant to each eligible jurisdiction to which sub-
section (a) applies for the amount apportioned 
under subsection (a). 
‘‘(c) PLANS
FOR APPORTIONMENT
TO TERRI-
TORIES.—No later than six months after the en-
actment of this Act, the Secretary shall make 
publicly available the Department’s plan for ap-
portioning funds among territories, including 
factors that contribute to the calculation of 
need and methodology for calculating the ap-
portionment for each territory. The Secretary 
must make publicly available any updates or 
changes to this plan no less frequently than any 
time new applicable data are available from the 
Bureau of Census. 
‘‘SEC. 676. ALLOTMENTS AND GRANTS TO STATES. 
‘‘(a) ALLOTMENTS
IN
GENERAL.—From the 
amount appropriated under section 691(a) for 
each fiscal year and remaining after the Sec-
retary makes the reservations required by sec-
tion 691(c), the Secretary shall allot to each eli-
gible State, subject to section 677, an amount 
that bears the same ratio to such remaining 
amount as the amount received by the State for 
fiscal year 1981 under section 221 of the Eco-
nomic Opportunity Act of 1964 bore to the total 
amount received by all States for fiscal year 1981 
under such section, except as provided in sub-
section (b). 
‘‘(b) MINIMUM ALLOTMENTS.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall allot to 
each State not less than 1⁄2 of 1 percent of the 
amount appropriated under section 691(a) for 
such fiscal year and remaining after the Sec-
retary makes the reservations required by sec-
tion 691(c). 
‘‘(2) YEARS WITH GREATER AVAILABLE FUNDS.— 
Notwithstanding paragraph (1), if the amount 
appropriated under section 691(a) for a fiscal 
year and remaining after the Secretary makes 
the reservations required by section 691(c) ex-
ceeds $900,000,000, no State shall receive under 
this section less than 3⁄4 of 1 percent of the re-
maining amount. 
‘‘(c) GRANTS AND PAYMENTS.—Subject to sec-
tion 677, the Secretary shall make grants to eli-
gible States for the allotments described in sub-
sections (a) and (b). The Secretary shall make 
payments for the grants in accordance with sec-
tion 6503(a) of title 31, United States Code. The 
Secretary shall allocate the amounts allotted 
under subsections (a) and (b) on a quarterly 
basis at a minimum, notify the States of their re-
spective allocations, and make each State’s first 
allocation amount in a fiscal year available for 
expenditure by the State no later than 30 days 
after receipt of an approved apportionment from 
the Office of Management and Budget and, for 
subsequent allocation amounts in the fiscal 
year, not later than 30 days after the start of 
the period for which the Secretary is allocating 
the funds. 
‘‘(d) DEFINITION.—In this section, the term 
‘State’ does not include Guam, American Samoa, 
the United States Virgin Islands, and the Com-
monwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. 
‘‘SEC. 677. PAYMENTS TO INDIAN TRIBES. 
‘‘(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
‘‘(1) INDIAN.—The term ‘Indian’ means a mem-
ber of an Indian Tribe or Tribal organization. 
‘‘(2) INDIAN TRIBE OR TRIBAL ORGANIZATION.— 
The term ‘Indian Tribe or Tribal organization’ 
means a Tribe, band, or other organized group 
recognized in the State in which the Tribe, 
band, or group resides, or considered by the Sec-
retary of the Interior to be an Indian Tribe or 
an Indian organization for any purpose. 
‘‘(b) RESERVATION.— 
‘‘(1) APPLICATION.—Paragraph (2) shall apply 
only if, with respect to any State, the Sec-
retary— 
‘‘(A) receives a request from the governing 
body of an Indian Tribe or Tribal organization 
in such State that assistance under this subtitle 
be made available directly to such Indian Tribe 
or Tribal organization; and 
‘‘(B) determines that the members of such In-
dian Tribe or Tribal organization would be bet-
ter served by means of grants made directly to 
such Indian Tribe or Tribal organization to pro-
vide benefits under this subtitle. 
‘‘(2) AMOUNT.—The Secretary shall reserve 
from amounts allotted to a State under section 
676 for a fiscal year not less than the amount 
that bears the same ratio to the State allotment 
for the fiscal year as the population of all eligi-
ble Indians in that particular State for whom a 
determination has been made under paragraph 
(1) bears to the population of all individuals eli-
gible for assistance through a grant made under 
section 676 to such State. 
‘‘(c) AWARDS.—The amount reserved by the 
Secretary on the basis of a determination made 
under subsection (b)(1)(B) shall be made avail-
able by grant to the Indian Tribe or Tribal orga-
nization serving the Indians for whom the deter-
mination has been made under subsection 
(b)(1)(B). 
‘‘(d) PLAN.—In order for an Indian Tribe or 
Tribal organization to be eligible for a grant 
award for a fiscal year under this section, the 
Indian Tribe or Tribal organization shall submit 
to the Secretary a plan for such fiscal year that 
meets such criteria as the Secretary may pre-
scribe by regulation. 
‘‘(e) ALTERNATIVE
PERFORMANCE
MEASURE-
MENT SYSTEM.—The Secretary may implement 
alternative requirements for implementation by 
an Indian Tribe or Tribal Organization of the 
requirements of section 686(a). 
‘‘SEC. 678. STATE PLANS AND APPLICATIONS; 
COMMUNITY ACTION PLANS AND AP-
PLICATIONS. 
‘‘(a) STATE LEAD AGENCY.— 
‘‘(1) DESIGNATION.—The chief executive officer 
of a State desiring to receive a grant under sec-
tion 675 or 676 shall designate, in an application 
submitted to the Secretary under subsection (b), 
an appropriate State agency that agrees to com-
ply with the requirements of paragraph (2), to 
act as a lead agency for purposes of carrying 
out State activities under this subtitle. 
‘‘(2) DUTIES OF STATE LEAD AGENCIES.—The 
State lead agency— 
‘‘(A) shall be authorized by the chief executive 
officer to convene State agencies and coordinate 
information and activities funded under this 
subtitle; 
‘‘(B) shall develop the State plan to be sub-
mitted to the Secretary under subsection (b), 
which shall be based primarily on the commu-
nity action plans of eligible entities, submitted 
to the State as a condition of receiving funding 
under this subtitle; 
‘‘(C) may revise an existing State plan for sub-
mission to the Secretary, if considered a major 
revision under criteria established by the Sec-
retary in regulations required under section 
689(a)(1)); 
‘‘(D) in conjunction with the development or 
revision of the State plan as required under sub-
section (b)— 
‘‘(i) shall hold at least 1 hearing in the State 
on the proposed plan or a proposed major revi-
sion to a plan to provide to the public an oppor-
tunity to comment on the public record on the 
proposed use and distribution of funds under 
the plan; 
‘‘(ii) not less than 15 days before the hearing, 
shall distribute notice of the hearing and a copy 
of the proposed plan or major plan revision 
statewide to the public and directly to the chief 
executive officer and the chairperson of the 
board of each of the eligible entities (or des-
ignees) and other community services network 
organizations; and 
‘‘(iii) in the case of any proposed plan revi-
sion, without regard to whether it is a major re-
vision, shall notify and distribute a copy of the 
proposed revision statewide directly to the chief 
executive officer and the chairperson of the 
board of each of the eligible entities (or des-
ignees) and other community services network 
organizations, before submission of such pro-
posed revision to the Secretary; and 
‘‘(E) at least every 3 years, in conjunction 
with the development of the State plan, shall 
hold at least 1 legislative hearing. 
‘‘(b) STATE APPLICATION FOR STATE PROGRAM 
AND STATE PLAN.—Beginning with the first fis-
cal year following the transition period de-
scribed in section 3 of the Community Services 
Block Grant Modernization Act of 2022, to be el-
igible to receive a grant under section 675 or 676, 
a State shall prepare and submit to the Sec-
retary for approval an application containing a 
State plan covering a period of not more than 2 
fiscal years. The application shall be submitted 
not later than 60 days before the beginning of 
the first fiscal year covered by the plan, and 
shall contain such information as the Secretary 
shall require, including— 
‘‘(1) a description of the manner in which 
funds made available through the grant under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:47 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00004
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\A13MY7.002
H13MYPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 3-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4927 
May 13, 2022 
section 675 or 676 will be used to carry out the 
State activities described in section 679(b) and 
the State’s community action plans; 
‘‘(2) a description summarizing the community 
action plans of the eligible entities serving the 
State; 
‘‘(3) an assurance that the State and all eligi-
ble entities in the State will participate in a per-
formance measurement system under section 
686(a)(1)(A); 
‘‘(4) a plan for the State’s oversight of eligible 
entities; 
‘‘(5) an assurance that the State will make 
payments to eligible entities in accordance with 
section 679(a)(2); 
‘‘(6) an assurance that no eligible entity in the 
State that received, in the previous fiscal year, 
funding through a grant made under section 675 
or 676 will have funding reduced below the pro-
portional share of funding the entity received 
from the State in the previous fiscal year, or 
eliminated, or its designation as an eligible enti-
ty terminated, unless, after providing the af-
fected entity (or entities, as applicable) with no-
tice and an opportunity for a hearing on the 
record, the State determines that cause exists for 
the reduction or elimination of funding or for 
termination of such designation, subject to re-
view by the Secretary as provided in section 
684(c); and— 
‘‘(A) in the case of failure of an eligible entity 
to comply with the terms of a corrective action 
plan relating to correction of a serious defi-
ciency, except according to the procedures set 
forth in section 684(b); and 
‘‘(B) for purposes of this subsection, the term 
‘cause’ means— 
‘‘(i) the failure of an eligible entity to comply 
with the terms of a corrective action plan relat-
ing to correction of a serious deficiency as de-
scribed in subsection 684(b); or 
‘‘(ii) a statewide proportional distribution of 
funds provided through a community services 
block grant under this subtitle to respond to— 
‘‘(I) the results of the most recently available 
census or other appropriate demographic data; 
‘‘(II) severe economic dislocation; or 
‘‘(III) the designation of an eligible entity to 
serve a geographic area that has been unserved 
for at least the previous 5 years; 
‘‘(7) an assurance that each eligible entity 
serving the State has established procedures 
that permit a low-income individual or organi-
zation to petition for adequate representation of 
such individuals or organizations, respectively, 
on the board of the eligible entity; 
‘‘(8) a description of outcome measures to be 
used to measure State and eligible entity per-
formance in achieving the goals of the State 
plan and the community action plans, respec-
tively; 
‘‘(9) an assurance that the State will develop 
a policy on board vacancies in accordance with 
section 680(c)(3) and provide guidance to assist 
eligible entities in filling board vacancies; and 
‘‘(10) an assurance that the State and the eli-
gible entities in the State will coordinate, and 
establish linkages between, governmental and 
other social services programs to assure the ef-
fective delivery of such services to low-income 
individuals and to avoid duplication of such 
services, and a description of how the State and 
the eligible entities will coordinate the provision 
of employment and training activities, as de-
fined in section 3 of the Workforce Innovation 
and Opportunity Act, in the State and in com-
munities 
with 
entities 
providing 
activities 
through statewide and local workforce develop-
ment systems under such Act. 
‘‘(c) APPROVAL.—The Secretary shall notify 
the chief executive officer of each State submit-
ting an application containing a State plan 
under this section of the approval, disapproval, 
or approval in part, of the application, not later 
than 60 days after receiving the application. In 
the event of a full or partial disapproval, the 
Secretary’s notification shall include a descrip-
tion of changes necessary for final approval. In 
the event of a partial approval, the Secretary 
may allow grantee use of funds for activities in-
cluded in the portions of the plan which the 
Secretary has approved. In the event a State ap-
plication fails to be approved in whole or in part 
before the end of the third month of the period 
covered by such plan the Secretary may award 
funding as specified in section 684(a)(5)(B). 
‘‘(d) PUBLIC
INSPECTION.—Each plan and 
major revision to a State plan prepared under 
this section shall be distributed for public in-
spection and comment. A hearing on such plan 
or major revision shall be held as required under 
subparagraphs (C) and (D) of subsection (a)(2), 
but a State application for merger, combination, 
or privatization of entities under section 680(b) 
shall not be considered a major revision. 
‘‘(e) ELIGIBLE ENTITY APPLICATION AND COM-
MUNITY ACTION PLAN.—Beginning with the first 
fiscal year following the transition period de-
scribed in section 3 of the Community Services 
Block Grant Modernization Act of 2022, to be el-
igible to receive a subgrant under section 679(a), 
each eligible entity shall prepare and submit to 
the State an application containing a commu-
nity action plan or plans covering a period of 
not more than 2 fiscal years. Such application 
shall be submitted in a reasonable and timely 
manner as required by the State. The applica-
tion shall contain information on the intended 
implementation of the eligible entity’s activities, 
including demonstrating how the activities 
will— 
‘‘(1) meet needs identified in the most recent 
comprehensive 
community 
needs 
assessment 
which has been conducted in the previous 3 
years and which may be coordinated with com-
munity needs assessments conducted for other 
programs; and 
‘‘(2) achieve the purposes of this subtitle 
through programs, projects, and services. 
‘‘SEC. 679. STATE AND LOCAL USES OF FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) STATE SUBGRANTS TO ELIGIBLE ENTITIES 
AND OTHER ORGANIZATIONS.— 
‘‘(1) IN
GENERAL.—A State that receives a 
grant under section 675 or 676 shall use not less 
than 90 percent to make subgrants to eligible en-
tities that enable the entities to implement pro-
grams, projects, and services for a purpose de-
scribed in section 672. 
‘‘(2) OBLIGATIONAL REQUIREMENTS.— 
‘‘(A) DATE OF OBLIGATION.—The State shall 
obligate the funds for subgrants described in 
paragraph (1) and make such subgrants avail-
able for expenditure by eligible entities not later 
than the later of— 
‘‘(i) the 30th day after the date on which the 
State receives from the Secretary a notice of 
funding availability for the State’s application 
under section 678 for a first or subsequent allo-
cation for a fiscal year; or 
‘‘(ii) the first day of the State program year 
for which funds are to be expended under the 
State application. 
‘‘(B) EXCEPTION.—If funds are appropriated 
to carry out this subtitle for less than a full fis-
cal year, a State may request an exception from 
the Secretary from the requirement to make sub-
grants available for expenditure by eligible enti-
ties in accordance with subparagraph (A), ex-
cept that a State may not accumulate more than 
one fiscal quarter’s worth of funding without 
making such funds available for expenditure by 
eligible entities. 
‘‘(C) AVAILABILITY.—Funds allocated to eligi-
ble entities through subgrants made under para-
graph (1) for a fiscal year shall be available for 
obligation by the eligible entity during that fis-
cal year and the succeeding fiscal year. 
‘‘(b) STATEWIDE ACTIVITIES.— 
‘‘(1) USE OF REMAINDER.— 
‘‘(A) IN
GENERAL.—A State that receives a 
grant under section 675 or 676 shall, after car-
rying out subsection (a), use the remainder of 
the grant funds for activities described in the 
State’s application under section 678(b) as de-
scribed in subparagraph (B) and for administra-
tive expenses subject to the limitations in para-
graph (2). 
‘‘(B) TRAINING AND TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE.— 
After applying subsection (a), the State may use 
the remaining grant funds for the purposes of— 
‘‘(i) providing to eligible entities training and 
technical assistance and resources to respond to 
statewide or regional conditions that create eco-
nomic insecurity, including emergency condi-
tions; 
‘‘(ii) supporting professional development ac-
tivities for eligible entities that enhance the 
skills of their local personnel (including mem-
bers of the board of directors of such entities) in 
organizational management, service delivery, 
and program development and management, giv-
ing priority to activities carried out through 
partnerships of such entities with institutions of 
higher education; 
‘‘(iii) supporting information and communica-
tion resources for the comprehensive community 
needs assessments described in section 678(e)(1); 
‘‘(iv) supporting performance measurement 
systems consistent with the requirements of sec-
tion 686; 
‘‘(v) promoting coordination and cooperation 
among eligible entities in the State, including 
supporting activities of a statewide association 
of community services network organizations; 
‘‘(vi) providing training and technical assist-
ance and resources to assist eligible entities in 
building and using evidence of effectiveness in 
reducing poverty conditions, including entities 
participating in or proposing to participate in 
the Community Action Innovations Program es-
tablished under section 682(a)(2); 
‘‘(vii) supporting efforts of eligible entities to 
identify and respond to physical and behavioral 
health challenges (including substance use dis-
orders) experienced by low-income individuals, 
families, and communities; and 
‘‘(viii) analyzing the distribution of funds 
made available under this subtitle within the 
State to determine if such funds have been tar-
geted to the areas of greatest need. 
‘‘(2) ADMINISTRATIVE CAP.— 
‘‘(A) LIMITATION.—Of the amounts remaining 
after the required funding for subgrants de-
scribed under subsection (a)(1), a State shall not 
spend more than 5 percent of its grant under 
section 675 or 676 for administrative expenses. 
‘‘(B) DEFINITION.—In this paragraph, the 
term ‘administrative expenses’— 
‘‘(i) means the costs incurred by the State’s 
lead agency for carrying out planning and man-
agement activities, including monitoring, over-
sight, and reporting as required by this Act; and 
‘‘(ii) does not include the cost of activities 
conducted under paragraph (1)(B) other than 
monitoring. 
‘‘(c) ELIGIBLE ENTITY USE OF FUNDS.—An eli-
gible entity that receives a subgrant under sub-
section (a)(1) shall use the subgrant funds to 
carry out a community action plan that shall 
include— 
‘‘(1) programs, projects, and services that pro-
vide low-income individuals and families with 
opportunities— 
‘‘(A) to identify and develop strategies to re-
move obstacles and solve problems that block ac-
cess to opportunity, economic stability, and 
achievement of self-sufficiency; 
‘‘(B) to secure and retain meaningful employ-
ment at a family supporting wage; 
‘‘(C) to secure an adequate education, improve 
literacy and language skills, and obtain job-re-
lated skills; 
‘‘(D) to make effective use of available income 
and build assets; 
‘‘(E) to obtain and maintain adequate housing 
and a safe and healthy living environment; 
‘‘(F) to address health needs and improve 
health and well-being; 
‘‘(G) to obtain emergency materials or other 
assistance to meet immediate and urgent needs, 
including to meet the collective needs of a com-
munity, and prevent greater or more prolonged 
economic instability; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:47 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00005
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\A13MY7.002
H13MYPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 4-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4928 
May 13, 2022 
‘‘(H) to secure and identify assistance related 
to reducing energy expenses and reducing en-
ergy consumption; and 
‘‘(I) to achieve greater participation in com-
munity affairs; and 
‘‘(2) activities that develop and maintain— 
‘‘(A) partnerships for the purpose of address-
ing community, economic, and social conditions 
of poverty and promoting healthy communities, 
between the eligible entity and— 
‘‘(i) State and local public entities; and 
‘‘(ii) private partners, including statewide and 
local businesses, associations of private employ-
ers, and private charitable and civic organiza-
tions; 
‘‘(B) linkages with public and private organi-
zations for coordinating initiatives, services, 
and investments so as to avoid duplication, and 
maximize the effective use, of community re-
sources for creating economic opportunity, in-
cluding developing lasting social and economic 
assets; and 
‘‘(C) new investments in the community to re-
duce the incidence of poverty, including devel-
oping lasting social and economic assets. 
‘‘(d) ELIGIBILITY CRITERION.— 
‘‘(1) Subject to paragraph (2), 200 percent of 
the poverty line shall be used as a criterion of 
eligibility for services, assistance, or resources 
provided directly to individuals or families 
through the community services block grant pro-
gram established under this subtitle. 
‘‘(2) A State or Tribal grantee may establish 
procedures to ensure that a participant in a pro-
gram, project, or service funded under this sub-
title remains eligible to participate as long as 
the participant is successfully progressing to-
ward achievement of the goals of the program, 
project, or service, regardless of the income eligi-
bility criteria used to determine the participant’s 
initial eligibility. 
‘‘SEC. 680. ELIGIBLE ENTITIES AND TRIPARTITE 
BOARDS. 
‘‘(a) DESIGNATION AND REDESIGNATION OF ELI-
GIBLE ENTITIES IN UNSERVED AREAS.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—If any geographic area of a 
State is not, or ceases to be, served by an eligible 
entity, the State lead agency may, in consulta-
tion with local officials and organizations rep-
resenting the area, solicit one or more applica-
tions and designate a new community action 
agency to provide programs, projects, and serv-
ices to the area, that is— 
‘‘(A) a community action agency that is a pri-
vate, nonprofit organization and that is geo-
graphically located in an area in reasonable 
proximity of, or contiguous to, the unserved 
area and that is already providing similar pro-
grams, projects, and services, and that has dem-
onstrated financial capacity to manage and ac-
count for Federal funds; or 
‘‘(B) if no community action agency described 
in subparagraph (A) is available, a private, 
nonprofit organization (which may include an 
eligible entity) that is geographically located in, 
or is in reasonable proximity to, the unserved 
area and that is capable of providing a broad 
range of programs, projects, and services de-
signed to achieve the purposes of this subtitle as 
stated in section 672. 
‘‘(2) REQUIREMENT.—In order to serve as the 
eligible entity for the service area, an entity de-
scribed in paragraph (1) shall agree to ensure 
that the governing board of directors of the enti-
ty will meet the requirements of subsection (c). 
‘‘(3) COMMUNITY.—A service area referred to 
in this subsection or a portion thereof shall be 
treated as a community for purposes of this sub-
title. 
‘‘(4) INTERIM DESIGNATION.—If no entity that 
meets the requirements of paragraphs (1) and (2) 
is available for designation as a permanent eli-
gible entity, the State may designate a private, 
nonprofit agency (or public agency if a private, 
nonprofit is not available) on an interim basis 
for no more than 1 year while the State com-
pletes a selection process for a permanent eligi-
ble entity that meets the requirements of para-
graphs (1) and (2). An agency designated on an 
interim basis shall be capable of providing pro-
grams, projects, and services designed to achieve 
the purposes of this subtitle as stated in section 
672 and have demonstrated financial capacity to 
manage and account for Federal funds, and 
may be designated as a permanent eligible entity 
only if, by the time of permanent designation, it 
meets all the requirements of paragraphs (1) and 
(2). 
‘‘(b) MERGER, COMBINATION, OR PRIVATIZA-
TION OF ELIGIBLE ENTITIES.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—If an eligible entity receiv-
ing subgrant funds makes a determination de-
scribed in paragraph (2) and notifies the State, 
the State— 
‘‘(A) shall assist in developing a plan for im-
plementing such merger, combination, or privat-
ization, including a budget for transitional costs 
not to exceed 2 years in duration; 
‘‘(B) in the case of a merger or combination, 
shall provide to the merged or combined entity 
an amount of funding under section 679(a)(1) 
equal to the sum of amounts the merged or com-
bined entities each received under section 
679(a)(1) immediately before the merger or com-
bination. 
‘‘(2) COVERED MERGER, COMBINATION, OR PRI-
VATIZATION.—This subsection applies when— 
‘‘(A) 2 or more eligible entities determine that 
the geographic areas of a State that they serve 
can be more effectively served under common 
control or shared management; or 
‘‘(B) a public organization that is an eligible 
entity determines that the area it serves can be 
more effectively served if it becomes a private, 
nonprofit organization. 
‘‘(3) PLANS.—A State may establish require-
ments for merger, combination, or privatization 
plans and for a determination that the merged, 
combined, or privatized entity, or entities, will 
be capable of conducting a broad range of pro-
grams, projects, and services designed to achieve 
the purposes of this subtitle as stated in section 
672 consistent with the comprehensive commu-
nity needs assessments for the areas served. 
‘‘(4) STATE DETERMINATION.—If a State deter-
mines that a merged, combined, or privatized en-
tity or entities will be capable of conducting a 
broad range of programs, projects, and services 
as specified in paragraph (3), it shall designate 
the merged, combined, or privatized entity or en-
tities to serve the area(s) in question without so-
liciting applications from other entities. 
‘‘(c) TRIPARTITE BOARDS.— 
‘‘(1) PRIVATE, NONPROFIT ORGANIZATIONS.— 
‘‘(A) BOARD.—In order for a private, non-
profit organization to be considered to be an eli-
gible entity for purposes of section 673(7), the 
entity shall be governed by a tripartite board of 
directors described in subparagraph (C) that 
fully participates in the development, planning, 
implementation, oversight, and evaluation of 
the programs, projects, and services carried out 
or provided through the subgrant made under 
section 679(a)(1) and all activities of the entity. 
‘‘(B) SELECTION.—The members of the board 
referred to in subparagraph (A) shall be selected 
by the private, nonprofit organization. 
‘‘(C) COMPOSITION
OF
BOARD.—The board 
shall be composed so as to assure that— 
‘‘(i) 1⁄3 of the members of the board are elected 
public officials holding office on the date of se-
lection, or their representatives (but if an elect-
ed public official chooses not to serve, such offi-
cial may designate a representative to serve as 
the voting board member); 
‘‘(ii) not fewer than 1⁄3 of the members are per-
sons chosen in accordance with democratic se-
lection procedures adequate to assure that such 
members are representative of low-income indi-
viduals and families in the service area; and if 
selected to represent a specific geographic area, 
such member resides in that area; and 
‘‘(iii) the remainder of the members may be 
comprised of representatives from business, in-
dustry, labor, religious, educational, charitable, 
or other significant groups and interests in the 
community. 
‘‘(D) EXPERTISE.—The eligible entity shall en-
sure that the members of the board are provided 
resources, which may include contracted serv-
ices with individuals and organizations with ex-
pertise in financial management, accounting, 
and law, to support the work of the board. 
‘‘(E) COMPLIANCE
WITH
TAX-EXEMPT
AND 
OTHER REQUIREMENTS.—The board of a private, 
nonprofit organization shall ensure that the 
board operates and conducts activities under the 
subgrant made under section 679(a)(1) in a man-
ner that complies with— 
‘‘(i) the requirements for maintaining tax-ex-
empt status under section 501(a) of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 (26 U.S.C. 501(a)) regard-
ing the governance of charities under section 
501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 
(26 U.S.C. 501(c)(3)); and 
‘‘(ii) applicable requirements of State non-
profit law. 
‘‘(2) PUBLIC ORGANIZATIONS.— 
‘‘(A) BOARD.—In order for a local public (gov-
ernmental) entity to be considered to be an eligi-
ble entity for purposes of section 673(7), the enti-
ty shall ensure that the programs, projects, and 
services carried out or provided through the 
subgrant made under section 679(a)(1) are ad-
ministered under the supervision of a tripartite 
board described in subparagraph (C) that fully 
participates in the development, planning, im-
plementation, oversight, and evaluation of such 
programs, projects, and services. 
‘‘(B) SELECTION.—The members of the board 
referred to in subparagraph (A) shall be selected 
by the local public entity. 
‘‘(C) COMPOSITION
OF
BOARD.—The board 
shall be composed so as to assure that— 
‘‘(i) not more than 1⁄3 of the members of the 
board are employees or officials, including elect-
ed officials, of the unit of government in which 
the organization is located; 
‘‘(ii) not fewer than 1⁄3 of the members are per-
sons chosen in accordance with democratic se-
lection procedures adequate to assure that such 
members are representative of low-income indi-
viduals and families in the service area; and if 
selected to represent a specific geographic area, 
such member resides in that area; and 
‘‘(iii) the remainder of the members may be 
comprised of representatives from business, in-
dustry, labor, religious, educational, charitable, 
or other significant groups and interests in the 
community. 
‘‘(D) EXPERTISE.—The eligible entity shall en-
sure that the members of the board are provided 
resources, which may include contracted serv-
ices with individuals and organizations with ex-
pertise in financial management, accounting, 
and law, to support the work of the board. 
‘‘(E) COMPLIANCE WITH STATE REQUIREMENTS 
AND POLICY.—The board of a public organiza-
tion shall ensure that the board operates in a 
manner that complies with State requirements 
for open meetings, financial transparency, and 
State open records policy. 
‘‘(3) BOARD VACANCIES.—To fulfill the require-
ments under this section, an eligible entity shall 
fill a board vacancy not later than 6 months 
after such vacancy arises. In the event that an 
eligible entity is unable to fill a board vacancy 
in the 6-month period, the entity shall certify to 
the State that it is making a good faith effort to 
fill the vacancy and shall receive 1 additional 6- 
month period to fill such vacancy. 
‘‘(4) SAFEGUARD.—Neither the Federal Gov-
ernment nor a State or local government shall 
require a religious organization to alter its form 
of internal governance, except (for purposes of 
administration of the community services block 
grant program) as provided in section 680(c). 
‘‘(d) 
OPERATIONS
AND
DUTIES
OF
THE 
BOARD.—The duties of a board described in 
paragraph (1) or (2) of subsection (c) shall in-
clude— 
‘‘(1) in the case of a board for a private, non-
profit organization that is an eligible entity, 
having legal and financial responsibility for ad-
ministering and overseeing the eligible entity, 
including making proper use of Federal funds; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:47 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00006
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\A13MY7.002
H13MYPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 5-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4929 
May 13, 2022 
‘‘(2) establishing terms for officers and adopt-
ing a code of ethical conduct, including a con-
flict of interest policy for board members; 
‘‘(3) participating in each comprehensive com-
munity needs assessment, developing and adopt-
ing for the corresponding eligible entity an 
agency-wide strategic plan, and preparing the 
community action plan for the use of funds 
under this subtitle; 
‘‘(4) approving the eligible entity’s operating 
budget; 
‘‘(5) reviewing all major policies such that— 
‘‘(A) for private, nonprofit organizations that 
are eligible entities, a review includes con-
ducting annual performance reviews of the eligi-
ble entity’s chief executive officer (or individual 
holding an equivalent position); and 
‘‘(B) for local public entities that are eligible 
entities, a review includes participating in an-
nual performance reviews of the eligible entity’s 
chief executive officer (or individual holding an 
equivalent position); 
‘‘(6) performing oversight of the eligible entity 
to include— 
‘‘(A) conducting assessments of the eligible en-
tity’s progress in carrying out programmatic and 
financial provisions in the community action 
plan; and 
‘‘(B) in the case of any required corrective ac-
tion, reviewing the eligible entity’s plans and 
progress in remedying identified deficiencies; 
and 
‘‘(7) concerning personnel policies and proce-
dures— 
‘‘(A) in the case of private, nonprofit organi-
zations that are eligible entities, adopting per-
sonnel policies and procedures, including for 
hiring, annual evaluation, compensation, and 
termination, of the eligible entity’s chief execu-
tive officer (or individual holding a similar posi-
tion); and 
‘‘(B) in the case of local public entities that 
are eligible entities, reviewing personnel policies 
and procedures, including for hiring, annual 
evaluation, compensation, and termination, of 
the eligible entity’s chief executive officer (or in-
dividual holding a similar position). 
‘‘(e) CONFLICT OF INTEREST.—In establishing 
the conflict of interest policy described in sub-
section (d)(2), a board shall ensure that such 
policy— 
‘‘(1) requires a board member to recuse 
themself from any discussion, deliberations, and 
votes relating to any contract or transaction 
from which the following would receive a direct 
financial benefit from the eligible entity: 
‘‘(A) such board member; 
‘‘(B) the immediate family member of such 
board member; or 
‘‘(C) an organization or a business from which 
such board member, or an immediate family of 
such board member, receives a direct financial 
benefit; 
‘‘(2) prohibits a board member from receiving 
compensation for serving on the board from the 
eligible entity other than for reasonable ex-
penses, except that a board member’s receipt of 
an economic benefit from the eligible entity be-
cause such member is eligible to receive benefits 
and services under this subtitle shall not be con-
sidered to be compensation for purposes of this 
subsection; and 
‘‘(3) ensures all activities funded under this 
subtitle are conducted free of personal or family 
favoritism.’’. 
‘‘SEC. 681. OFFICE OF COMMUNITY SERVICES. 
‘‘(a) OFFICE.— 
‘‘(1) ESTABLISHMENT.—The Secretary shall es-
tablish an Office of Community Services in the 
Department to carry out the functions of this 
subtitle. 
‘‘(2) DIRECTOR.—The Office shall be headed 
by a Director (referred to in this section as the 
‘Director’). 
‘‘(b) GRANTS, CONTRACTS, AND COOPERATIVE 
AGREEMENTS.—The Secretary, acting through 
the Director, shall carry out the functions of 
this subtitle through grants, contracts, or coop-
erative agreements. 
‘‘SEC. 682. TRAINING, TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE, 
AND RELATED ACTIVITIES. 
‘‘(a) ACTIVITIES.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) use amounts reserved under section 
691(c)(2) for training, technical assistance, plan-
ning, assessment, and performance measure-
ment, as described in this section and in sections 
684 and 686, to assist States, eligible entities, 
Tribal grantees, and other community services 
network organizations in— 
‘‘(i) building and using evidence of effective-
ness in reducing poverty conditions, including 
through development and dissemination of in-
formation about clearinghouses and other re-
sources that identify relevant evidence-based 
initiatives, for use in connection with the Com-
munity Action Innovations Program established 
under paragraph (2); 
‘‘(ii) carrying out professional development 
activities that expand the capacity of eligible 
entities and Tribal grantees; 
‘‘(iii) carrying out performance measurement, 
data collection, and reporting activities related 
to programs, projects, and services carried out 
under this subtitle; and 
‘‘(iv) correcting programmatic deficiencies, in-
cluding such deficiencies of eligible entities or 
Tribal grantees; and 
‘‘(B) distribute the amounts reserved under 
section 691(c)(2)(A) through grants, contracts, 
or cooperative agreements with eligible entities, 
Tribal grantees, and other community services 
network organizations described in subsection 
(b) for— 
‘‘(i) professional development for key commu-
nity services network organization personnel; 
‘‘(ii) activities to improve community services 
network organization programs, financial man-
agement, compliance, and governance practices 
(including practices related to performance 
management information systems); 
‘‘(iii) activities that train community services 
network organizations and their staff and board 
members to effectively address the needs of low- 
income families and communities through place- 
based strategies that address local causes and 
conditions of poverty through coordinated in-
vestment and integrated service delivery; and 
‘‘(iv) activities that train community services 
network organizations in building and using 
evidence of effectiveness in reducing poverty 
conditions and that support effective adminis-
tration of funds under the Community Action 
Innovations Program established under para-
graph (2). 
‘‘(2) 
INNOVATIVE
AND
EVIDENCE-BASED 
PROJECTS TO REDUCE POVERTY.— 
‘‘(A) IN
GENERAL.—The Secretary shall use 
amounts reserved under section 691(c)(3) for a 
Community Action Innovations Program to— 
‘‘(i) award grants, contracts, or cooperative 
agreements to eligible entities, Tribal grantees, 
and other community services network organiza-
tions, including consortia of such entities, 
grantees, or organizations to facilitate innova-
tion and use of evidence-based practice designed 
to reduce poverty conditions, including through 
whole family approaches that create opportuni-
ties for, and address the needs of, parents and 
children together; and 
‘‘(ii) disseminate results for public use. 
‘‘(B) PROJECTS.—The Secretary shall award 
funds from its Community Action Innovations 
Program for projects to enable— 
‘‘(i) replication or expansion of innovative 
practices with demonstrated evidence of effec-
tiveness, with priority given to those with the 
strongest evidence base as determined through a 
broad review of available studies; or 
‘‘(ii) testing of innovative practices to deter-
mine their effectiveness, with priority given to 
those incorporating rigorous, independent eval-
uation to further build the evidence base. 
‘‘(C) USE OF FUNDS.—The funds reserved for 
use under this paragraph may be used by 
awardees for resources or activities necessary to 
replicate, expand, or test innovative and evi-
dence-based practices, including costs of train-
ing and technical assistance, evaluation, data 
collection, and technology. 
‘‘(D) EXPENSES.—The funds reserved for use 
under this paragraph may be used for reason-
able expenses of awardees, associated with ad-
ministration of projects and dissemination of 
their results. 
‘‘(E) AWARDS AND OBLIGATION.—The Secretary 
shall award and obligate funds reserved for 
projects under this paragraph during the first 
program year for which the funds are appro-
priated. Grant funds awarded under this para-
graph shall remain available for expenditure by 
the awardee not later than 36 months after the 
date of award by the Secretary, unless a longer 
period of availability is approved by the Sec-
retary based on extenuating circumstances and 
demonstrated evidence of effectiveness. 
‘‘(b) ELIGIBLE ENTITIES, TRIBAL GRANTEES, 
AND OTHER COMMUNITY SERVICES NETWORK OR-
GANIZATIONS.—Eligible entities, Tribal grantees, 
and other community services network organiza-
tions referred to in subsection (a)(1)(B) shall in-
clude such entities, grantees, and organizations 
(and their partners, including institutions of 
higher education) with demonstrated expertise 
in providing training for individuals and orga-
nizations on methods of effectively addressing 
the needs of low-income families and commu-
nities and, if appropriate, expertise in Tribal 
issues. 
‘‘(c) TRAINING
AND
TECHNICAL
ASSISTANCE 
PROCESS.—‘The process for determining the 
training and technical assistance to be carried 
out under subsection (a)(1) shall— 
‘‘(1) ensure that the needs of eligible entities, 
Tribal grantees, and programs relating to im-
proving program quality (including quality of fi-
nancial management practices) are addressed to 
the maximum extent feasible; and 
‘‘(2) incorporate mechanisms to ensure respon-
siveness to local needs, including an ongoing 
procedure for obtaining input from the national 
and State networks of eligible entities. 
‘‘SEC. 683. STATE MONITORING OF ELIGIBLE EN-
TITIES. 
‘‘In order to determine whether eligible enti-
ties receiving subgrants under this subtitle meet 
performance goals, administrative standards, fi-
nancial management requirements, and other 
requirements under this subtitle, the State shall 
conduct the following reviews of eligible entities: 
‘‘(1) A full onsite review of each eligible entity 
at least once during each 3-year period. 
‘‘(2) An onsite review of each newly des-
ignated eligible entity immediately after the 
completion of the first year in which such entity 
receives funds through the community services 
block grant program under this subtitle. 
‘‘(3) Followup reviews, including onsite re-
views scheduled in a corrective action plan (in-
cluding return visits), in a calendar quarter for 
eligible entities with programs, projects, or serv-
ices that fail to meet the State’s performance cri-
teria, standards, financial management require-
ments, or other significant requirements estab-
lished under this subtitle. 
‘‘(4) Other reviews as appropriate, including 
reviews of eligible entities with programs, 
projects, and services that have had other Fed-
eral, State, or local grants (other than assist-
ance provided under this subtitle) terminated for 
cause. 
‘‘(5) In conducting reviews, including as re-
quired by paragraph (1), a State may conduct a 
remote (including virtual) review of an eligible 
entity in extraordinary circumstances if ap-
proved by the Secretary on a case-by-case basis. 
‘‘SEC. 684. ASSESSMENTS; CORRECTIVE ACTION; 
REDUCTION 
OR 
ELIMINATION 
OF 
FUNDING. 
‘‘(a) ASSESSMENTS
OF STATES
BY
THE SEC-
RETARY.— 
‘‘(1) IN
GENERAL.—The Secretary shall con-
duct, in not fewer than 1/5 of the States in each 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:47 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00007
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\A13MY7.002
H13MYPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 6-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4930 
May 13, 2022 
fiscal year, assessments (including investiga-
tions) of State compliance with this subtitle, in-
cluding requirements relating to the use of 
funds received under this subtitle, requirements 
applicable to State plans submitted under sec-
tion 
678(b), 
and 
requirements 
of 
section 
679(a)(2). 
‘‘(2) REPORT TO STATES.—The Secretary shall 
submit to each State assessed, and make avail-
able to the public on the Department’s website, 
a report containing— 
‘‘(A) the results of such assessment; and 
‘‘(B)(i) recommendations for improvements de-
signed to enhance the benefit and impact of the 
activities carried out with such funds; and 
‘‘(ii) in the event a serious deficiency is found 
regarding a State’s compliance with this sub-
title, including requirements relating to the use 
of funds received under this subtitle, a proposed 
corrective action plan. 
‘‘(3) STATE RESPONSE.—Not later than 45 days 
after receiving a report under paragraph (2)— 
‘‘(A) a State that received recommendations 
under paragraph (2)(B)(i) shall submit to the 
Secretary and make available to the public on 
the State lead agency’s website a plan of action 
in response to the recommendations; and 
‘‘(B) a State that received a proposed correc-
tive action plan under paragraph (2)(B)(ii) shall 
agree to implement the corrective action plan 
proposed by the Secretary or propose to the Sec-
retary and make available to the public on the 
State lead agency’s website a different corrective 
action plan, developed by the State in a timely 
manner that the State will implement upon ap-
proval by the Secretary. 
‘‘(4) REPORT
TO
CONGRESS.—The Secretary 
shall submit the results of the assessments an-
nually, as part of the report submitted by the 
Secretary in accordance with section 686(b)(2). 
‘‘(5) ENFORCEMENT.— 
‘‘(A) REDUCTION
OR
ELIMINATION
OF
FUND-
ING.—If the Secretary determines, in a final de-
cision based on an assessment conducted under 
this section, that a State fails to meet the re-
quirements of this subtitle, the Secretary may, 
after providing adequate notice and an oppor-
tunity for a hearing, initiate proceedings to re-
duce or eliminate the amount of funding appor-
tioned and allocated to the State as described in 
section 675 or 676, as applicable (and, if nec-
essary, deobligate such funding). 
‘‘(B) DIRECT AWARDS TO OTHER ENTITIES.— 
‘‘(i) REDUCTION
OR
ELIMINATION
OF
STATE 
FUNDING; LACK
OF
APPROVED
STATE
PLAN.—If 
the Secretary reduces or eliminates funding to a 
State under subparagraph (A), the Secretary 
shall award funding directly as provided under 
clauses (ii) and (iii). If, for a particular fiscal 
year, a State plan is not approved by the Sec-
retary in accordance with section 678(c), the 
Secretary may award funding directly as pro-
vided under clauses (ii) and (iii). 
‘‘(ii) DIRECT FUNDING TO ELIGIBLE ENTITIES.— 
If funding specified in section 679(a)(1) is re-
duced or eliminated due to the Secretary’s re-
duction or elimination of funding under sub-
paragraph (A), or if the Secretary chooses to 
award funding directly due to the lack of an ap-
proved State plan as authorized in clause (i), 
the Secretary shall award financial assistance 
in the amount of such reduced or eliminated 
funding, or in the amount the State would have 
received for the purposes specified in section 
679(a)(1) had a State plan been approved, di-
rectly (by grant or cooperative agreement) to af-
fected eligible entities (provided that any such 
entity has not had its funding under this sub-
title eliminated or its designation as an eligible 
entity terminated by the State in accordance 
with subsections (b) and (c) of section 684) to 
carry out the activities described in section 
679(c). In awarding such funding, the Secretary 
shall ensure that each such affected eligible en-
tity receives the same proportionate share of 
funding under section 679(a)(1) that it received 
in the previous fiscal year. 
‘‘(iii) STATEWIDE FUNDS.—If funding specified 
in section 679(b) is reduced or eliminated due to 
the Secretary’s reduction or elimination of fund-
ing under subparagraph (A), or if the Secretary 
chooses to award funding directly due to the 
lack of an approved State plan as authorized in 
clause (i), the Secretary shall reserve an amount 
equal to the amount of such reduced or elimi-
nated funds, or to the amount the State would 
have received for the purposes specified in sec-
tion 679(b) had a State plan been approved. The 
Secretary may use such amount for such pur-
poses directly or through a grant or cooperative 
agreement to community services network orga-
nizations (other than the State itself). 
‘‘(iv) REDUCTION.—In the case of expenditure 
as provided in accordance with this subpara-
graph, the Secretary shall reduce funding the 
State would otherwise have received under sec-
tion 675 or 676 (and, if necessary, deobligate 
such funding) for the appropriate fiscal year by 
an amount equal to the amount so expended. 
‘‘(6) TRAINING AND TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE.— 
The Secretary, through the Department’s own 
employees or contractors (rather than under 
grants, contracts, or cooperative agreements 
issued under section 682), shall provide training 
and technical assistance to States with respect 
to the development or implementation of the 
States’ corrective action plans. 
‘‘(b) DETERMINATION
OF
ELIGIBLE
ENTITY 
FAILURE TO COMPLY.— 
‘‘(1) CORRECTIVE
ACTION
BY
ELIGIBLE
ENTI-
TIES.—If the State determines, on the basis of a 
review pursuant to section 683 or section 685, 
that there is a serious deficiency regarding an 
eligible entity’s compliance with this subtitle, 
the State shall inform the entity of the serious 
deficiencies that shall be corrected and provide 
technical assistance for the corrective action. 
‘‘(2) ELIGIBLE
ENTITY
CORRECTIVE
ACTION 
PLANS.—An eligible entity that is found to have 
a serious deficiency under paragraph (1) shall 
develop, in a timely manner, a corrective action 
plan that shall be subject to the approval of the 
State, and that shall specify— 
‘‘(A) the deficiencies to be corrected; 
‘‘(B) the actions to be taken to correct such 
deficiencies; and 
‘‘(C) the timetable for accomplishment of the 
corrective actions specified. 
‘‘(3) FINAL DECISION.—If the State determines, 
on the basis of a final decision in a review con-
ducted under section 683, that an eligible entity 
fails to comply with the terms of a corrective ac-
tion plan under paragraph (2) relating to cor-
rection of a serious deficiency for the eligible en-
tity, the State may, after providing adequate no-
tice and an opportunity for a hearing, initiate 
proceedings to withhold, reduce, or eliminate 
the funding provided under section 679(a)(1) to 
the eligible entity (including, in the case of 
elimination of funding, terminating the designa-
tion under this subtitle of the eligible entity) un-
less the entity corrects the serious deficiency. 
‘‘(c) REVIEW.—A State’s decision to withhold, 
reduce, or eliminate funding, or to terminate the 
designation of an eligible entity (or eligible enti-
ties, as applicable) may be reviewed by the Sec-
retary. Upon request by a community services 
network organization, the Secretary shall re-
view such a determination. The review shall be 
completed not later than 60 days after the Sec-
retary receives from the State all necessary doc-
umentation relating to the determination. The 
State shall submit such documentation within a 
reasonable time frame established by the Sec-
retary. 
‘‘(d) DIRECT ASSISTANCE.—Whenever the Sec-
retary determines that a State has violated the 
State plan described in section 678(b) (including 
the assurance described in section 678(b)(6)) and 
the State has reduced or eliminated the funding 
provided under section 679(a) to any eligible en-
tity or entities or terminated the eligible entity 
designation of any eligible entity or entities be-
fore the completion of the State proceedings de-
scribed in section 678(b)(6) (including, if appli-
cable, the proceedings required by subsection 
(b)) and the Secretary’s review as required by 
subsection (c), the Secretary may provide finan-
cial assistance under this subtitle to the affected 
eligible entity or entities directly until the viola-
tion is corrected by the State. In such a case, 
the Secretary may reduce funding the State 
would otherwise have received under section 675 
or 676 (and, if necessary, deobligate such fund-
ing) for the appropriate fiscal year by an 
amount equal to the financial assistance pro-
vided directly by the Secretary to such eligible 
entity or entities. 
‘‘SEC. 685. STATE AND LOCAL FISCAL CONTROLS 
AND AUDITS. 
‘‘(a) FISCAL CONTROLS, PROCEDURES, AUDITS, 
AND INSPECTIONS.—A State that receives funds 
under this subtitle shall— 
‘‘(1) establish fiscal control and fund account-
ing procedures necessary to assure the proper 
disbursal of, and accounting for, Federal funds 
paid to the State under this subtitle, including 
procedures for monitoring the funds provided 
under this subtitle; 
‘‘(2) ensure that cost and accounting stand-
ards of the Office of Management and Budget 
apply to a subrecipient of the funds under this 
subtitle; 
‘‘(3) in accordance with subsections (b) and 
(c), prepare, not less than once each year, an 
audit of the expenditures of the State of 
amounts received under this subtitle; and 
‘‘(4) make appropriate books, documents, pa-
pers, and records available to the Secretary and 
the Comptroller General of the United States, or 
any of their duly authorized representatives, for 
examination, copying, or mechanical reproduc-
tion, on or off the premises of the appropriate 
entity, upon a reasonable request for the items. 
‘‘(b) INDEPENDENT ENTITY.—Subject to sub-
section (c), each audit required by subsection 
(a)(3) shall be conducted by an entity inde-
pendent of any agency administering activities 
or services under this subtitle and shall be con-
ducted in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles. 
‘‘(c) SINGLE AUDIT REQUIREMENTS.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—Any audit under this sub-
section shall be conducted in the manner and to 
the extent provided in chapter 75 of title 31, 
United States Code (commonly known as the 
‘Single Audit Act Amendments of 1984’) except 
in the event a serious financial deficiency is 
identified. 
‘‘(2) SERIOUS FINANCIAL DEFICIENCY.—In the 
event that such a deficiency is identified, the 
Secretary shall order— 
‘‘(A) an audit conducted as described in sub-
section (a); or 
‘‘(B) an audit of each of the accounts in-
volved, in accordance with subsections (b) and 
(d). 
‘‘(d) SUBMISSION OF COPIES.—Not later than 
30 days after the completion of each audit in a 
State as required in subsection (a)(3), the chief 
executive officer of the State shall submit copies 
of such audit, at no charge, to any eligible enti-
ty that was the subject of the audit, to the legis-
lature of the State, and to the Secretary. 
‘‘(e) REPAYMENTS.—If the Secretary, after re-
view of the audit, finds that a State has not ex-
pended an amount of funds in accordance with 
this subtitle, the Secretary is authorized to with-
hold funds from a State under this subtitle until 
the State remedies the improperly expended 
funds for the original purposes for which the 
grant funds were intended. 
‘‘(f) RESPONSE
TO
COMPLAINTS.—The Sec-
retary shall respond in an expeditious manner 
to complaints of a substantial or serious nature 
that a State has failed to use grant funds re-
ceived under section 675 or 676 or to carry out 
State activities under this subtitle in accordance 
with the provisions of this subtitle. 
‘‘(g) 
INVESTIGATIONS.—Whenever 
the 
Sec-
retary determines that there is a pattern of com-
plaints regarding failures described in sub-
section (f) or a complaint of a serious deficiency 
concerning any State, the Secretary shall con-
duct an investigation of the use of the funds re-
ceived under this subtitle by such State in order 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:47 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00008
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\A13MY7.002
H13MYPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 7-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4931 
May 13, 2022 
to ensure compliance with the provisions of this 
subtitle. 
‘‘SEC. 686. ACCOUNTABILITY AND REPORTING RE-
QUIREMENTS. 
‘‘(a) STATE ACCOUNTABILITY AND REPORTING 
REQUIREMENTS.— 
‘‘(1) PERFORMANCE MEASUREMENT.— 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—Beginning with the first 
fiscal year following the transition period de-
scribed in section 3 of the Community Services 
Block Grant Modernization Act of 2022, each 
State that receives funds under this subtitle 
shall participate, and shall ensure that all eligi-
ble entities in the State participate, in a results- 
oriented performance measurement system that 
the Secretary is satisfied meets the requirements 
of section 689(b)(1). 
‘‘(B) SUBCONTRACTORS.—The State may elect 
to have subcontractors of the eligible entities 
under this subtitle participate in the results-ori-
ented performance measurement system. If the 
State makes that election, references in this sec-
tion to eligible entities shall be considered to in-
clude such subcontractors. 
‘‘(C) ELIGIBLE ENTITY REPORTS.—Eligible enti-
ties shall provide the results measured by their 
performance measurement system and such 
other reports as the State may require. 
‘‘(2) ANNUAL
REPORT.—Each State receiving 
funds under this subtitle shall annually pre-
pare, and submit to the Secretary by March 31 
of each year, a report on the performance of the 
State and eligible entities in the State, including 
achievement with respect to performance meas-
urements that were used by community services 
network organizations in the State for the pre-
vious fiscal year. Each State shall also include 
in the report— 
‘‘(A) an accounting of the expenditure of 
funds received by the State through the commu-
nity services block grant program, including an 
accounting of funds spent on administrative or 
indirect costs by the State and the eligible enti-
ties and funds spent by the eligible entities on 
local programs, projects, and services; 
‘‘(B) information on the number and charac-
teristics of participants served under this sub-
title in the State, based on data collected from 
the eligible entities; 
‘‘(C) a summary describing the training and 
technical assistance offered by the State under 
subparagraph (B) of section 679(b)(1) during the 
year covered by the report; 
‘‘(D) information on the total budget and ac-
tivities of the eligible entities receiving sub-
grants from the State under this subtitle, includ-
ing local and private resources available for a 
purpose described in section 672; and 
‘‘(E) a report on the manner in which the 
State and eligible entities and other recipients of 
funds under this subtitle have implemented re-
sults-oriented management practices based on 
their performance measurement systems. 
‘‘(b) REPORTING REQUIREMENTS.— 
‘‘(1) CONTENTS.—Not later than September 30 
of each year, the Secretary shall, directly or by 
grant or contract, prepare a report including— 
‘‘(A) the information included in the State an-
nual reports under subsection (a)(2) for the pre-
ceding fiscal year; 
‘‘(B) a report on the performance of the De-
partment in the preceding year regarding car-
rying out critical roles and responsibilities 
under this subtitle, including with regard to 
timeliness in allocating and making appro-
priated funds available for expenditure to 
States, approvals or notifications to States con-
cerning State plans and plan revisions, and con-
ducting assessments of States and implementa-
tion of State corrective action plans (including 
status of and follow-up on recommendations 
made in previous State assessments and correc-
tive action plans); 
‘‘(C) a description of the training and tech-
nical assistance activities funded by the Sec-
retary under section 682 and the results of those 
activities; and 
‘‘(D) a report on the Community Action Inno-
vations 
Program 
authorized 
under 
section 
682(a)(2), including a description of training 
and technical assistance funded by the Sec-
retary, the rationale for projects that received 
support, a description of funded activities and 
their results, and a summary of ways in which 
the Program has expanded use of evidence- 
based practice or contributed to building the evi-
dence base designed to reduce poverty condi-
tions. 
‘‘(2) SUBMISSION.—The Secretary shall submit 
to the Committee on Education and Labor of the 
House of Representatives and to the Committee 
on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of 
the Senate the report described in paragraph (1) 
and any recommendations the Secretary may 
have with respect to such report. 
‘‘(3) ELECTRONIC DATA SYSTEM FOR REPORTS 
TO
STATES
AND
ELIGIBLE
ENTITIES.—The Sec-
retary, through the Department’s own employ-
ees or contractors (rather than under grants, 
contracts, or cooperative agreements issued 
under section 682), shall provide technical as-
sistance, including support for the development 
and maintenance of an electronic data system 
for the reports under this section, to the States 
and eligible entities to enhance the quality and 
timeliness of reports submitted under this sub-
title. The system shall be coordinated and con-
sistent with the data systems established for 
other programs of the Department that are man-
aged by eligible entities, including all programs 
of the Administration for Children and Families 
or successor administrative units in which the 
office is located. 
‘‘SEC. 687. LIMITATIONS ON USE OF FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) CONSTRUCTION OF FACILITIES.— 
‘‘(1) LIMITATIONS.—Except as provided in 
paragraphs (2) and (3) of this subsection and in 
paragraphs (2) and (3) of section 690(a), grants 
or subgrants made under this subtitle may not 
be used for the purchase or improvement of 
land, or the purchase, construction or perma-
nent improvement of any building or other facil-
ity. 
‘‘(2) WAIVER.—The Secretary may waive the 
limitation contained in paragraph (1) upon a 
State request for such a waiver if the Secretary 
finds that— 
‘‘(A) the request describes extraordinary cir-
cumstances to justify the purchase or improve-
ment of land, or the purchase, construction, or 
permanent improvement of any building or other 
facilities; and 
‘‘(B) permitting the waiver will contribute to 
the ability of the State and eligible entities to 
carry out a purpose described in section 672 at 
substantially reduced costs. 
‘‘(3) ARCHITECTURAL
BARRIERS
TO
ACCESSI-
BILITY.—Grants or subgrants made under this 
subtitle may be used by eligible entities or Tribal 
grantees for making material improvements in 
the accessibility of the physical structures for 
individuals with disabilities seeking services of 
such entities. 
‘‘(b) POLITICAL ACTIVITIES.— 
‘‘(1) TREATMENT AS A STATE OR LOCAL AGEN-
CY.—For purposes of chapter 15 of title 5, United 
States Code, any entity that assumes responsi-
bility for planning, developing, and coordi-
nating activities under this subtitle and receives 
assistance under this subtitle shall be deemed to 
be a State or local agency. For purposes of para-
graphs (1) and (2) of section 1502(a) of such 
title, any entity receiving assistance under this 
subtitle shall be deemed to be a State or local 
agency. 
‘‘(2) PROHIBITIONS.—A program, project, or 
service assisted under this subtitle, and any in-
dividual employed by, or assigned to or in, such 
a program, project, or service (during the hours 
in which the individual is working on behalf of 
the program, project, or service) shall not en-
gage in— 
‘‘(A) any partisan or nonpartisan political ac-
tivity or any political activity associated with a 
candidate, or contending faction or group, in an 
election for public or party office; or 
‘‘(B) any activity to provide voters or prospec-
tive voters with transportation to the polls or 
similar assistance in connection with any elec-
tion. 
‘‘(3) REGISTRATION.—None of the funds appro-
priated to carry out this subtitle may be used to 
conduct voter registration activities. Nothing in 
this subtitle prohibits entities receiving assist-
ance under this subtitle from making its facili-
ties available during hours of operation for use 
by nonpartisan organizations to increase the 
number of eligible citizens who register to vote 
in elections for Federal office. 
‘‘(c) NONDISCRIMINATION.— 
‘‘(1) IN
GENERAL.—No person shall, on the 
basis of race, color, national origin, or sex, be 
excluded from participation in, be denied the 
benefits of, or be subjected to discrimination 
under, any program, project, or service funded 
in whole or in part with funds made available 
under this subtitle. Any prohibition against dis-
crimination on the basis of age under the Age 
Discrimination Act of 1975 (42 U.S.C. 6101 et 
seq.) or with respect to an otherwise qualified 
individual with a disability as provided in sec-
tion 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 
U.S.C. 794), or title II of the Americans with 
Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12131 et seq.), 
shall also apply to any such program, project, 
or service. 
‘‘(2) ACTION
OF
SECRETARY.—Whenever the 
Secretary determines that a State that has re-
ceived a payment under this subtitle has failed 
to comply with paragraph (1) or an applicable 
regulation, the Secretary shall notify the chief 
executive officer of the State and shall request 
that the officer secure compliance. If within a 
reasonable period of time, not to exceed 60 days, 
the chief executive officer fails or refuses to se-
cure compliance, the Secretary is authorized 
to— 
‘‘(A) refer the matter to the Attorney General 
with a recommendation that an appropriate 
civil action be instituted; 
‘‘(B) exercise the powers and functions pro-
vided by title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 
(42 U.S.C. 2000d et seq.), the Age Discrimination 
Act of 1975 (42 U.S.C. 6101 et seq.), section 504 
of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 794), 
or title II of the Americans with Disabilities Act 
of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12131 et seq.), as may be appli-
cable; or 
‘‘(C) take such other action as may be pro-
vided by law. 
‘‘(3) ACTION OF ATTORNEY GENERAL.—When a 
matter is referred to the Attorney General pur-
suant to paragraph (2), or whenever the Attor-
ney General has reason to believe that the State 
is engaged in a pattern or practice of discrimi-
nation in violation of the provisions of this sub-
section, the Attorney General may bring a civil 
action in any appropriate United States district 
court for such relief as may be appropriate, in-
cluding injunctive relief. 
‘‘SEC. 688. CHILD SUPPORT SERVICES AND RE-
FERRALS. 
‘‘During each fiscal year for which an eligible 
entity receives a subgrant under section 679(a), 
such entity shall— 
‘‘(1) inform custodial parents or legal guard-
ians that participate in programs, projects, or 
services carried out or provided under this sub-
title about the availability of child support serv-
ices; and 
‘‘(2) refer custodial parents or legal guardians 
to the child support offices of State and local 
governments. 
‘‘SEC. 689. REGULATIONS. 
‘‘(a) REGULATIONS.—The Secretary shall pro-
mulgate regulations implementing this subtitle, 
including regulations regarding— 
‘‘(1) State plans, including the form and infor-
mation required for State plans submitted to the 
Secretary, and criteria for determining whether 
a State plan revision is to be considered a major 
revision; 
‘‘(2) community action plans, including the 
form and information required for community 
action plans submitted to States; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:47 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00009
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\A13MY7.002
H13MYPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 8-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4932 
May 13, 2022 
‘‘(3) State monitoring of eligible entities; and 
‘‘(4) reports to the Secretary described in sec-
tion 686. 
‘‘(b) GUIDANCE.— 
‘‘(1) PERFORMANCE MEASUREMENT.—The Sec-
retary shall issue guidance regarding State and 
local performance measurement systems. Guid-
ance may include one or more model perform-
ance measurement systems, facilitated by the 
Secretary, that States and eligible entities may 
use to measure their performance in carrying 
out the requirements of this subtitle and in 
achieving the goals of their community action 
plans. 
‘‘(2) COMPREHENSIVE
ANALYSIS
OF
POVERTY 
CONDITIONS.—The Secretary shall issue guid-
ance (including models) for comprehensive com-
munity needs assessments described in section 
678(e)(1). The guidance shall include methods 
for preparing an analysis of all poverty condi-
tions affecting a community and of local and re-
gional assets for alleviating such conditions. 
‘‘SEC. 690. DISCRETIONARY COMMUNITY PRO-
GRAMS. 
‘‘(a) GRANTS, CONTRACTS, ARRANGEMENTS, 
LOANS, AND GUARANTEES.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall, from 
funds appropriated under section 691(b), make 
grants, loans, or guarantees to States and public 
agencies and private, nonprofit organizations, 
or enter into contracts or jointly financed coop-
erative arrangements with States and public 
agencies and private, nonprofit organizations 
(and for-profit organizations, to the extent spec-
ified in paragraph (2)(E)) for each of the objec-
tives described in paragraphs (2) through (4). 
‘‘(2) COMMUNITY ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT.— 
‘‘(A) ECONOMIC
DEVELOPMENT
ACTIVITIES.— 
The Secretary shall make grants described in 
paragraph (1) on a competitive basis to private, 
nonprofit organizations that are community de-
velopment corporations to provide technical and 
financial assistance for economic development 
activities designed to address the economic 
needs of low-income individuals and families by 
creating employment and business development 
opportunities. 
‘‘(B) CONSULTATION.—The Secretary shall ex-
ercise the authority provided under subpara-
graph (A) after consultation with other relevant 
Federal officials. 
‘‘(C) GOVERNING BOARDS.—For a community 
development corporation to receive funds to 
carry out this paragraph, the corporation shall 
be governed by a board that shall— 
‘‘(i) consist of residents of the community and 
business and civic leaders; and 
‘‘(ii) have as a principal purpose planning, 
developing, or managing low-income housing or 
community development projects. 
‘‘(D) GEOGRAPHIC DISTRIBUTION.—In making 
grants to carry out this paragraph, the Sec-
retary shall take into consideration the geo-
graphic distribution of funding among States 
and the relative proportion of funding among 
rural and urban areas. 
‘‘(E) RESERVATION.—Of the amounts made 
available to carry out this paragraph, the Sec-
retary may reserve not more than 1 percent for 
each fiscal year to make grants to private, non-
profit organizations or to enter into contracts 
with private, nonprofit, or for-profit organiza-
tions to provide technical assistance to aid com-
munity development corporations in developing 
or implementing activities funded to carry out 
this paragraph and to evaluate activities funded 
to carry out this paragraph. 
‘‘(3) RURAL COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT ACTIVI-
TIES.—The Secretary shall provide the assist-
ance described in paragraph (1) for rural com-
munity development activities, which shall in-
clude providing— 
‘‘(A) grants to private, nonprofit organiza-
tions to enable the organizations to provide as-
sistance concerning home repair to rural low-in-
come families and planning and developing low- 
income rural rental housing units; and 
‘‘(B) grants to multi-State, regional, private, 
nonprofit organizations to enable the organiza-
tions to provide training and technical assist-
ance to small, rural communities concerning 
meeting their community facility needs. 
‘‘(4) BROADBAND NAVIGATOR PROJECTS.— 
‘‘(A) NAVIGATOR
PROJECT
AUTHORITY.—The 
Secretary is authorized to provide assistance de-
scribed in paragraph (1) for broadband navi-
gator projects consistent with the purposes of 
this Act to address the educational and eco-
nomic needs of low-income individuals and com-
munities. 
‘‘(B) NAVIGATOR GRANTS.—The Secretary shall 
make grants consistent with subparagraph (A) 
to community action agencies and Tribal grant-
ees to enable them to provide assistance through 
trained navigators to low-income individuals 
and communities to help facilitate access to af-
fordable high-speed broadband service, internet- 
enabled devices, digital literacy training, tech-
nical support, and other services to meet the 
broadband and digital needs of such individuals 
and communities. 
‘‘(C) PRIORITY.—Priority in the awarding of 
such grants under paragraph (4) shall be given 
to community action agencies and Tribal grant-
ees serving underserved areas with the most sig-
nificant unmet broadband and digital needs. 
‘‘(D) TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE.—Of the amounts 
made available to carry out broadband navi-
gator projects, the Secretary may reserve up to 
5 percent for grant review, technical assistance, 
and evaluation. 
‘‘(b) EVALUATION.—The Secretary shall re-
quire all activities receiving assistance under 
this section to be evaluated for their effective-
ness. Funding for such evaluations shall be pro-
vided as a stated percentage of the assistance or 
through a separate grant or contract awarded 
by the Secretary specifically for the purpose of 
evaluation of a particular activity or group of 
activities. 
‘‘(c) ANNUAL REPORT.—The Secretary shall 
compile an annual report containing a summary 
of the evaluations required under subsection (b) 
and a listing of all activities assisted under this 
section. The Secretary shall annually submit 
such report to the chairperson of the Committee 
on Education and Labor of the House of Rep-
resentatives and the chairperson of the Com-
mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-
sions of the Senate. 
‘‘SEC. 691. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—There are authorized to be 
appropriated to carry out this subtitle (exclud-
ing section 690)— 
‘‘(1) $1,000,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2023 
through 2027; and 
‘‘(2) such sums as may be necessary for fiscal 
years 2028 through 2032. 
‘‘(b) DISCRETIONARY
PROGRAMS.—There are 
authorized to be appropriated to carry out sec-
tion 690 such sums as may be necessary for fis-
cal years 2023 through 2032. 
‘‘(c) RESERVATIONS
BY
THE SECRETARY.—Of 
the amounts appropriated under subsection (a) 
for each fiscal year, the Secretary shall re-
serve— 
‘‘(1) 1⁄2 of 1 percent for carrying out section 
675 (relating to grants to territories); 
‘‘(2) 2 percent for activities authorized in sec-
tion 682(a)(1), of which— 
‘‘(A) not less than 50 percent of the amount 
reserved by the Secretary under this paragraph 
shall be awarded through grants, contracts, or 
cooperative agreements to eligible entities, Trib-
al grantees, and other community services net-
work organizations described in section 682(b), 
for the purpose of carrying out activities de-
scribed in section 682(a)(1)(B); and 
‘‘(B) the remainder of the amount reserved by 
the Secretary under this paragraph may be 
awarded through grants, contracts, or coopera-
tive agreements to eligible entities, Tribal grant-
ees, and other community services network orga-
nizations described in section 682(b), or other 
entities with demonstrated expertise in pro-
viding training for individuals and organiza-
tions on methods of effectively addressing the 
needs of low-income families and communities 
and, if appropriate, expertise in Tribal issues; 
‘‘(3) 1 percent for the Community Action Inno-
vations Program authorized in section 682(a)(2); 
and 
‘‘(4) up to $5,000,000 for each of the fiscal 
years 2023, 2024, and 2025, to carry out section 
686(b)(3). 
‘‘SEC. 692. REFERENCES. 
‘‘A reference in any provision of law to the 
poverty line set forth in section 624 or 625 of the 
Economic Opportunity Act of 1964 shall be con-
strued to be a reference to the poverty line de-
fined in section 673 of this subtitle. Except as 
otherwise provided, any reference in any provi-
sion of law to any community action agency 
designated under title II of the Economic Oppor-
tunity Act of 1964 shall be construed to be a ref-
erence to an entity eligible to receive funds 
under the community services block grant pro-
gram.’’. 
SEC. 3. TRANSITION PERIOD. 
(a) TRANSITION
PERIOD.—The Secretary of 
Health and Human Services shall expeditiously 
announce a transition period for the implemen-
tation of any changes in regulations, proce-
dures, guidance, and reporting requirements of 
the Community Services Block Grant Act (42 
U.S.C. 9901 et seq.) as amended by this Act, from 
the regulations, procedures, guidance, and re-
porting requirements of the Community Services 
Block Grant Act (42 U.S.C. 9901 et seq.) as in ef-
fect immediately before the date of enactment of 
this Act. 
(b) FEDERAL TRAINING.—The transition period 
shall include the availability of Federal training 
for States and eligible entities regarding compli-
ance with new requirements under the Commu-
nity Services Block Grant Act (42 U.S.C. 9901 et 
seq.) as amended by this Act. 
(c) TIMING.—The transition period described 
in this section— 
(1) may not extend later than the date that is 
3 months prior to the start of the second fiscal 
year after the date of enactment of the Commu-
nity Services Block Grant Modernization Act of 
2022; 
(2) notwithstanding (1), may not extend later 
than two years after the date of enactment of 
the Community Services Block Grant Mod-
ernization Act of 2022 for the issuance of final 
regulations implementing this subtitle; and 
(3) may require that certain regulations, pro-
cedures, and reporting requirements be adopted 
before other regulations, procedures, or report-
ing requirements. 
SEC. 4. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
Section 306(a)(6)(C)(ii) of the Older Americans 
Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3026(a)(6)(C)(ii)) is amend-
ed by inserting ‘‘or subsequent years’’ after ‘‘fis-
cal year 1982’’ and by striking ‘‘section 676B of 
the Community Services Block Grant Act’’ and 
inserting ‘‘section 680(c) of the Community Serv-
ices Block Grant Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill, 
as amended, shall be debatable for 1 
hour equally divided and controlled by 
the chair and ranking minority mem-
ber of the Committee on Education and 
Labor or their respective designees. 
The gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. 
BONAMICI) and the gentlewoman from 
North Carolina (Ms. FOXX) each will 
control 30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Oregon (Ms. BONAMICI). 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-
bers have 5 legislative days in which to 
revise and extend their remarks and in-
clude extraneous material on H.R. 5129, 
the Community Services Block Grant 
Modernization Act of 2022. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:47 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00010
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A13MY7.002
H13MYPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 9-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4933 
May 13, 2022 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-
woman from Oregon? 
There was no objection. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today in 
strong support of my bipartisan legis-
lation, H.R. 5129, the Community Serv-
ices Block Grant Modernization Act of 
2022. 
In 1964, Congress first established the 
Community Action Program to support 
locally driven anti-poverty efforts. 
Today, community action agencies, 
or CAAs, form a network of more than 
1,000 organizations with a dedicated 
mission of assisting people in finding 
their way out of poverty. 
These agencies provide services and 
programs that meet the unique needs 
of our local communities by helping in-
dividuals and families with low in-
comes achieve economic stability, se-
cure meaningful employment, and ade-
quate education, gain and improve job- 
related skills, obtain housing, access 
childcare, and participate in the com-
munity. 
During our legislative hearing on up-
dating the community services block 
grant, Katherine King Galian, the di-
rector of Family and Community Re-
sources at Community Action in Wash-
ington County, Oregon, told us the 
story about Patricia. 
Patricia lost her job and her home in 
the fall of 2019. Facing unaffordable 
rent and a rising risk of homelessness, 
she turned to Community Action and 
she got the support she needed. 
At Community Action of Washington 
County, she accessed career coaching, 
help affording needed materials for her 
nursing curriculum, and other services 
that helped Patricia and her family get 
back on their feet. Patricia’s story is 
just one of many from all across the 
United States where community action 
agencies have been helping low-income 
Americans get back on their feet for 
decades. 
Unfortunately, the community serv-
ices block grant program, CSBG, has 
not been reauthorized since 1998, the 
year Google was founded, and John 
Glenn flew the Discovery space shuttle 
mission. We are long overdue for Con-
gress to pass a comprehensive reau-
thorization of this significant law. 
Our bill continues the long tradition 
of broad bipartisan support for this 
program and makes important im-
provements to update CSBG. It will re-
authorize CSBG for 10 years—the long-
est period in its history—which will 
provide critical stability to our local 
service providers. 
Recognizing that there are many 
more families like Patricia’s who can 
be served by CSBG, our bill strength-
ens funding for community action 
agencies and raises the program’s in-
come eligibility threshold to expand 
access to their important services. 
I also highlight a provision cham-
pioned by my friend and colead, Con-
gressman G.T. THOMPSON, to create 
broadband navigator projects so com-
munity action agencies can assist their 
clients in accessing internet services 
and connected devices that are nec-
essary for learning, finding employ-
ment, and other basic activities of ev-
eryday life. 
Finally, the bill will modernize the 
statute to strengthen accountability 
and performance requirements, putting 
CSBG on solid footing so the program 
can continue to meet the complex and 
changing needs of low-income individ-
uals in communities without changing 
the local control that is such an impor-
tant part of CSBG’s success. 
I very much appreciate the produc-
tive collaboration with my bipartisan 
partner from the Education and Labor 
Committee, Congressman THOMPSON, 
and his staff, in leading this legisla-
tion. 
I also thank our other Education and 
Labor Committee coleads, Representa-
tives 
DESAULNIER, 
STEFANIK, 
and 
COMER for leading us in this effort. I 
must also knowledge Congresswoman 
BETTY
MCCOLLUM, 
who 
led 
early 
iterations of this proposal in prior Con-
gresses and has joined us this session 
to build on her foundational work to 
get this across the finish line. 
Additionally, David Bradley, the CEO 
of National Community Action Foun-
dation has been instrumental in offer-
ing his expertise to help us bring this 
bill to the floor today. 
Finally, and importantly, I would 
thank Chairman SCOTT and his dedi-
cated 
staff, 
particularly, 
Theresa 
Thompson, Jessica Schieder, Emily 
Hopkins, and Carrie Hughes, for work-
ing with us to bring this bill. I also 
thank my staff, Allison Smith, Jack 
Arriaga, Andrew Dunn, and Rachael 
Bornstein, who worked diligently on 
this bill from drafting and introduction 
through the committee markup. 
I urge all of my colleagues on both 
sides of the aisle to support this impor-
tant bill to renew our Nation’s com-
mitment to reducing poverty through 
community action. 
Additionally, I include in the RECORD 
letters by the National Community Ac-
tion Foundation, National Association 
of Counties, and National Association 
for State Community Service Pro-
grams in support of passing the Com-
munity Services Block Grant Mod-
ernization Act of 2022. 
NATIONAL COMMUNITY 
ACTION FOUNDATION, 
May 10, 2022. 
Hon. SUZANNE BONAMICI, 
House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
Hon. GLENN THOMPSON, 
House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR REP. BONAMICI AND REP. THOMPSON: 
We are writing to you today to share our en-
thusiastic endorsement of your bipartisan 
legislation, HR 5129, the Community Serv-
ices Block Grant (CSBG) Modernization Act 
of 2022. 
As you know, CSBG touches virtually 
every community in the United States. With 
90 percent of each state’s CSBG allocation 
being distributed to local Community Action 
Agencies (CAAs), our communities rely upon 
this unique flexible funding. CAAs use it to 
combat poverty and promote self-sufficiency, 
respond rapidly to unforeseen crises such as 
natural disasters and the COVID–19 pan-
demic and implement gap-filling activities 
that address unmet community needs. Addi-
tionally, CAAs use CSBG to organize and 
support other local charities and commu-
nity-based initiatives, ensuring services are 
streamlined and not duplicative. Without 
CSBG, every single community in America 
would be hurt. 
Your bill would codify critical updates to 
the program. It provides security and reli-
ability to communities across the country 
by authorizing CSBG for 10 years and ensur-
ing money flows in a timely manner. The 
crucial modernizations included in HR 5129, 
such as the new broadband navigator initia-
tive, will increase CAAs’ ability to respond 
to emerging needs. We are also pleased to see 
the emphasis on quality performance at the 
federal, state and local level and that the es-
sential nature of CSBG as a locally-con-
trolled program is retained and bolstered. 
Because of HR 5129’s local impact in al-
most every county in the country, we join in 
support of the bill. We hope Congress passes 
this essential piece of legislation quickly, 
thereby strengthening each community in 
America. 
Sincerely, 
David Bradley, CEO, National Community 
Action Foundation; Mona Stallins, Financial 
Specialist, East Missouri Action Agency, 
Ironton, Missouri; JEAN ANN MILLER, Senior 
Director, Office for Student Involvement 
Oakland University, Rochester Hills, Michi-
gan; Esther Shutters, Family Advocate East, 
Missouri Action Agency, Cape Girardeau, 
Missouri; Lisa Straske, Manager, Oakland 
County Michigan Works! Southfield, Ham-
tramck, Michigan; Jay Black, Jr., President 
CEO, Pathway Inc., Toledo, Ohio; James 
Fox, 
President/CEO, 
Community 
Action 
Wayne/Medina, 
Wooster, 
Ohio; 
Lisa 
Schmidtfrerick-Miller, Owner PMT Services, 
Inc., Jamestown, New York; Myra Lawson, 
Processer, East Missouri Action Agency, 
Park Hills, Missouri; Denise Schneider, City 
Manager, City of Guttenberg, Guttenberg, 
Iowa; Melissa Skaggs, Receptionist, East 
Missouri Action Agency, Inc., Bonne Terre, 
Missouri; Vanessa Gibson, Executive Direc-
tor, Community Action of South Mississippi, 
Gautier, Mississippi; Paul Mark, State Rep-
resentative, District 2, Commonwealth of 
Massachusetts; Johana Lovig, Vice President 
of Compliance, Full Circle Services, Oelwein, 
Iowa; Sandra Twardosz, CAC Board Member, 
Knoxville-Knox County Community Action 
Committee, Knoxville, Tennessee; Michael J 
Murphy, Sheriff, Livingston County, Howell, 
Michigan; 
Amy 
Kruppe, 
Superintendent, 
Hazel Park Schools, Hazel Park, Michigan; 
Brenda 
Robbins, 
Teacher, 
LCCAA 
Head 
Start, Lorain, Ohio; Dawn Godshall, Execu-
tive Director, Community Action Lehigh 
Valley, Bethlehem, Pennsylvania. 
Keyon S. Payton, Lead Pastor, New Bethel 
Missionary Baptist Church, Pontiac, Michi-
gan; Yvonne Cherell, CEO, Ohio Urban Re-
sources System, Columbus, Ohio; Denise 
Schneider, 
City 
Manager, 
City 
of 
Guttenberg, Guttenberg, Iowa; Jan Cooley, 
Head Start Deputy Director, East Missouri 
Action Agency, Bonne Terre, Missouri; Kris 
Rowe, Executive Director, Community Ac-
tion Association of Alabama, Birmingham, 
Alabama; Mary B. Killian, East Missouri Ac-
tion Agency, Cape Girardeau, Missouri; 
Nancy Ann Smith, Program Administrative 
Assistant, Lorain County Community Action 
Agency, Lorain, Ohio; Margaret L. Flood, 
Executive 
Director, 
Oberlin 
Community 
Services Council, Oberlin, Ohio; Daniel Pe-
tersen, Member, Dan’s Law Office, PLC, St. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:43 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00011
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.007
H13MYPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 10-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4934 
May 13, 2022 
Joseph, Michigan; Sharon Harmon, Appren-
tice Program Manager, Lorain County Com-
munity Action Agency Head Start, Lorain, 
Ohio; Betty Cantley, Parent Advocate, End 
Childhood Lead Poisoning, Grafton, Ohio; 
Teresa Beltran, Assistant Teacher, Lorain 
County Community Action, Lorain, Ohio; 
Sherri Hallauer, Finance and Administration 
Assistant, Lorain County Community Action 
Agency, Elyria, Ohio; Rena Mellon, Commu-
nity Integration Coordinator, Imagine the 
Possibilities, Guttenberg, Iowa; Kenyadah 
Sullivan, Board Member, CAC, Knoxville, 
Tennessee; Lynn A. Harden, Executive Direc-
tor, Brown County Public Library, Mt. Orab, 
Ohio; Denise Teasley, Site Manager, East 
Missouri Action Agency Head Start, Park 
Hills, Missouri; Trisha Wilkins, Executive 
Director, NEICAC, Decorah, Iowa; Jolene 
Leon, 
Admin, 
Children’s 
Alliance, 
Pleasanton, Texas; Kim L. Smith Oldham, 
Executive 
Director, 
Southwest 
Michigan 
Community Action Agency, Benton Harbor, 
Michigan; Patricia Kennedy, Family Self- 
Sufficiency, Coordinator, East Missouri Ac-
tion Agency, St. Genevieve, Missouri; Debo-
rah L. Rhodes, Board Member, Gallia-Meigs 
Community Action Agency, Gallipolis, Ohio; 
Dennis Phelps, Executive Director, Trehab, 
Montrose, 
Pennsylvania; 
David 
Coulter, 
County Executive, Oakland County, Michi-
gan; Laura L. Smith, Owner, Asset4You Pro-
fessional Services, Lorain, Ohio; Mike Mel-
lon, Regional Assoc; Exec; Director, Imagine 
the Possibilities, Inc.—Northeast Region, 
Guttenberg, Iowa; Roger McCann, Executive 
Director, 
Community 
Action 
Kentucky, 
Frankfort, KY, Kentucky. 
Jennifer Patrick, Board Member, ABCAP, 
Mt. Orab, Ohio; Cheryl Williams, Board 
Member, Adams Brown Community Action 
Program, Georgetown, Ohio; Jan F. Demers, 
VCAP Coordinator, Vermont Community Ac-
tion 
Partnership, 
Burlington, 
Vermont; 
Linda Stepp, Board Member, Adams Brown 
Community 
Action 
Agency, 
Winchester, 
Ohio; Suzanne Shears, CEO, Niagara Commu-
nity Action Program, Inc, Niagara Falls, 
New York; Sharon Daugherty, Staff Ac-
countant, EMAA, Potosi, Missouri; Daniel 
Wickerham, 
Executive 
Director, 
Adams 
Brown Community Action Partnership, West 
Union, Ohio; Amber Coleman, Associate Ex-
ecutive Director, Capital Area Head Start, 
Harrisburg, Pennsylvania; Barbara Bilek, 
Head Start Site Manager, East Missouri Ac-
tion Agency, Millersville, Missouri; Deana 
Hageman, Director, Northeast Iowa RSVP, 
Decorah, Iowa; Desiree Beasley, Board Sec-
retary, Knoxville-Knox County CAC, Knox-
ville, Tennessee; Brenda S; Wilmer, Execu-
tive Director, Avoyelles Progress Action, 
Committee, Inc., Mansura, LA 71351, Lou-
isiana; Darlene Bigler, CEO, Blueprints, 
Washington, Pennsylvania; Gale Zalar, Chief 
Executive Officer, Central Susquehanna Op-
portunities, Inc., Shamokin, Pennsylvania; 
Shirley Vermace, Supervisor, District 3, 
Winneshiek County, Iowa; Lisa Spencer, 
CEO, SSCAC, Inc., Plymouth, Massachu-
setts; Lenora Leifheit, Coordinator Health 
Ministries, Meigs Cooperative Parish, Pom-
eroy, Ohio; Patricia A. Keys, Low Income 
Board Member Ohio, Great Lakes Commu-
nity Action Partnership, Port Clinton, Ohio. 
Brenda Fry, Executive, Director, South 
Central Iowa Community Action Program, 
Inc., Chariton, Iowa; Cynthia Zwick, Execu-
tive Director, Wildfire: Igniting Community 
Action to End Poverty in Arizona, Phoenix, 
Arizona; Debbie Myers, Executive Secretary/ 
Administration, Manager, East Missouri Ac-
tion Agency, Park Hills, Missouri; Florence 
Greiman; County Supervisor, Hancock Coun-
ty Iowa, Garner, Iowa; Terry L. Barley, 
Board Member, Emeritus Tri-County Com-
munity Action, Mechanicsburg, Pennsyl-
vania; Rhonda Williamson, Executive Direc-
tor, Safer Path Family Violence Shelter, 
Inc., Pleasanton, Texas; Eugene M. Brady, 
Executive Director, Commission on Eco-
nomic Opportunity, Wilkes Barre, Pennsyl-
vania; Kenneth Loy, Veterans Resources Co-
ordinator, Community Council of South-Cen-
tral Texas, Jourdanton, Texas; Jennifer 
Wintermyer, Chief Executive Officer, Com-
munity 
Action 
Commission, 
Harrisburg, 
Pennsylvania; Megan Shreve, CEO, South 
Central Community Action Programs, Inc., 
Gettysburg, Pennsylvania Ewing M. John-
son, Board Member; Knoxville-Knox County 
Community Action, Committee, Knoxville, 
Tennessee; Janine Robinson, Finance Direc-
tor/Co-Director, Frontier Community Action 
Agency, 
Winnemucca, 
Nevada; 
Scott 
Zahorik, 
Executive 
Director, 
Arrowhead 
Economic Opportunity Agency, Inc., Vir-
ginia, Minnesota; Karen Snair, Executive Di-
rector, Allegheny Valley Association of 
Churches, Natrona Heights, Pennsylvania; 
Renee Hungerford, Executive Director, Com-
munity Action of Orleans and Genesee, 
Albion, New York; Katherine Riley Har-
rington, Executive Director, Iowa Commu-
nity Action Association, Des Moines, Iowa; 
Joseph Barden, Executive Director, Margert 
Community Corporation, Far Rockaway, 
New York. 
Tom Heidenwirth, Board Member, North 
Iowa 
Community 
Action 
Organization, 
Greene, Iowa; W. Anthony West, COO, Vir-
ginia 
CARES 
Inc., 
Roanoke, 
Virginia; 
Georjean W. Trinkle, Executive Consultant, 
Community Action Partnership NJ, Inc., 
Clinton, New Jersey; Bailey Maulding, Presi-
dent, Casey Chamber of Commerce, Casey, Il-
linois; Jeriemy Jones, CSR, East Missouri 
Action Agency, Park Hills, Missouri; Mary 
Jane, Ostrander, Human Services Division 
Manager, Carson City Health and Human 
Services, Carson City, Nevada; Andrea Olson, 
Executive 
Director, 
Community 
Action 
Partnership of North Dakota, West Fargo, 
North Dakota; Jim Schuyler, President & 
CEO, Virginia Community Action Partner-
ship, Richmond, Virginia; Michele Bautista, 
Board Member, Chautauqua Opportunities 
Inc., Dunkirk, New York; Carol L. Kern, 
Local Income Rep., GLCAP, Tiffin, Ohio; 
Harold Monroe, CEO, Pennyrile Allied Com-
munity Services, Hopkinsville, Kentucky; 
Melinda Gault, Chief Executive Officer, Com-
munity Action Planning Council of Jeffer-
son, County, Inc., Watertown, New York; 
Amber Freeman, Associate Director, INCA 
Community Services, Inc., Ardmore, Okla-
homa; Patricia McFarland, Executive Direc-
tor, North Central West Virginia Community 
Action, Association, Inc., Fairmont, West 
Virginia; Roger Tjarks, Board Member, Dis-
trict 5, Titonka, Iowa; Brian Mullins, CEO, 
Kentucky 
River 
Foothills 
Development 
Council, Inc., Richmond, Kentucky; Joe 
Pisney, County Supervisor, District 2, How-
ard County, Iowa; Nicole Laurin, CEO, Joint 
Council for Economic Opportunity of Clinton 
and Franklin Counties, Plattsburgh, New 
York; Yasmin Abdul Ghafu, Outreach Aide, 
East 
Missouri 
Action 
Agency, 
Cape 
Girardeau, Missouri; Marcia Erickson, CEO, 
GROW South Dakota, Sisseton, South Da-
kota; Erik Schoen, Executive Director, Com-
munity Chest, Inc., Virginia City, Nevada; 
Megan Sowers, Executive Director, Jackson- 
Vinton Community Action, Wellston, Ohio; 
Sharon Price, Executive Director, Commu-
nity Action Council for Lexington-Fayette, 
Bourbon, Harrison and Nicholas Counties, 
Inc. 
Lexington, 
Kentucky; 
Chong-Anna 
Canfora, Executive Director, Michigan Com-
munity Action Association, Okemos, Michi-
gan; Rene Ewing, Board Member, Multi Serv-
ice Center, Federal Way, Washington; Debbie 
K. Herndon, Case Manager, Community Ac-
tion of Laramie County, Inc., Cheyenne, Wy-
oming. 
Brenda L. Fox, Executive Director, Tri- 
County Community Action Agency, La-
Grange, Kentucky; Tom Baker, Executive 
Director North Hills Community Outreach, 
Pittsburgh, 
Pennsylvania; 
Katie 
Ecker, 
Board Member, CAO, Kendall, New York; 
Gina Ward, Associate Director, Southern 
Tier Environments for Living Inc., James-
town, New York; Craig A. Reiter, Board 
Chair, Menominee-Delta-Schoolcraft Com-
munity Action, Gulliver, Michigan; David 
Knight, Executive Director, California Com-
munity Action Partnership Association, Sac-
ramento, California; Josephine M. Howard, 
Ed. S., Board Member, The Agricultural and 
Labor Program, Inc, Haines City, Florida; 
Daniel Brown, Executive Director, Commu-
nity Action Team, Inc., St. Helens, Oregon; 
Heather Cole, Director of Advocacy and Pub-
lic Innovation, United Way of Southwest 
Michigan, Saint Joseph, Michigan; Duane 
Yoder, President, Garrett County Commu-
nity 
Action 
Committee, 
Inc., 
Swanton, 
Maryland; David Coplan, Executive Director, 
Human Services Center Corporation, Turtle 
Creek, Pennsylvania; Robin Whitaker, Exec-
utive Director, Daniel Boone CAA, Inc., Man-
chester, Kentucky; Robert S. Jones, CEO, 
Audubon Area Community Services, Inc, 
Owensboro, Kentucky; Brittany Tonet, Di-
rector of Finance & Administration/CFO, 
North Hills Community Outreach, Pitts-
burgh, Pennsylvania; Joe Diamond, Execu-
tive Director, Massachusetts Association for 
Community Action, (MASSCAP), Boston, 
Massachusetts; Pearl L. Barth, Housing Spe-
cialist II, East Missouri Action Agency, Park 
Hills, Missouri; Julie Pearson, Community 
Service Representative, East Missouri Ac-
tion Agency, Bismarck, Missouri; Amy Lynn 
Roark, Vice Chair, Community Action Advi-
sory Board in Clark County, Vancouver, 
Washington; Heather Wallace, Board Mem-
ber, Community Action of Skagit County 
Burlington, Washington; Kimberly Ashley- 
Pauley, Governing Board Chairwoman, Com-
munity Action Program of Central Arkan-
sas, (CAPCA), Conway, Arkansas; Cindy 
Davis, Executive Director, North Iowa Com-
munity Action Organization, Mason City, 
Iowa; Angela Martin, CEO, Maryland Com-
munity 
Action 
Partnership, 
Annapolis, 
Maryland; Jill Sutton, Executive Director 
Mid-Michigan Community Action, Farwell, 
Michigan; Lyndsey Schoelzel, Executive Di-
rector, Nevada Community Action Associa-
tion, Reno, Nevada; Susan L. Carr, Executive 
Director, Community Services Network of 
Wyoming, Sheridan, Wyoming; Tara Glover, 
Executive Director, Lowcountry Community 
Action Agency, Inc, Walterboro, South Caro-
lina. 
Phil Verges, Board President, WestCAP, 
Spring Valley, Wisconsin; Alex Fortune, City 
Councilperson, City of Cresco, Iowa; Philip 
E. Cole, Executive Director, Ohio Associa-
tion of Community Action Agencies, Colum-
bus, Ohio; James Fails, Board Member, Great 
Lakes Community Action Partnership, Fre-
mont, Ohio; Carmen A. Ortega, Board Mem-
ber, Great Lakes Community Action Part-
nership (GLCAP), Bowling Green, Ohio; 
Ruthann 
House, 
President/CEO, 
Great 
Lakes Community Action Partnership, Fre-
mont, Ohio; Keri McCrorey, Executive Direc-
tor, East Missouri Action Agency, Inc., 
Farmington, Missouri; Michael Crouse, Exec-
utive Director, STEP Inc., Rocky Mount, 
Virginia; Tina Tate, Commissioner, Hospital 
District 304, Skagit County, Washington; 
Reshella 
Hawkins, 
Executive 
Director, 
Emergency Shelter Services INC, Benton 
Harbor, Michigan; Roseann Marchetti, Com-
missioner, District 4, Cass County, Michigan; 
Alyssa Jarrett, Community Services Rep-
resentative, East Missouri Action Agency, 
Farmington, Missouri; Myron Gray, Owner 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:43 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00012
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A13MY7.004
H13MYPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 11-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4935 
May 13, 2022 
of Service Enterprises LLC, St. Louis, Mis-
souri; Charles Hargitt, Maintenance Super-
visor E.M.A.A., Fredericktown, Missouri; 
Nancy Jones, Board Member and Secretary, 
Mid-Michigan Community Action Agency, 
Farwell, Michigan; Patti Hall, Financial 
Specialist 
EMAA, 
Park 
Hills, 
Missouri; 
Amanda Garner, Board Member GLCAP, Fre-
mont, Ohio; Ruth Johnson, Board of Direc-
tors, Gladwin County, Gladwin, Michigan; 
Jacqueline Orr, CEO, New York State Com-
munity Action Association, 
Guilderland, 
New York; Donna Dodgen, Mayor, City of 
Seguin, Texas; Karen McCandless, Chief Ex-
ecutive Officer, Community Action Services 
and Food Bank, Provo, Utah; Maria M. 
Tracy, Board Member, Multi-Service Center, 
Federal Way, Washington; C. Shawn Yardley, 
CEO Community Concepts, Inc., Lewiston, 
Maine; George T. Simon Jr., Executive Di-
rector, TriCounty Community Action, Inc., 
San Augustine, Texas; Thomas Mainella, 
Mayor, City of Fairmont, West Virginia; Bill 
Grant, Executive Director, Minnesota Com-
munity Action Partnership (MinnCAP), St. 
Paul, Minnesota; Elizabeth Jennings, Direc-
tor of Community Engagement, Community 
Action of Skagit County, Bellingham, Wash-
ington; Roger Pavey, Sr., Chief Executive Of-
ficer, Community Action of Eastern Iowa, 
Davenport, Iowa. 
Steven Zittergruen, City Councilperson, 
Ward 5, City of Decorah, Iowa; Shanna 
Yount, Community Services Rep, East Mis-
souri Action Agency Inc, Potosi, Missouri; 
Anita Leiws, Section 8 Area Coordinator, 
East MO Action Agency, Caruthersville, Mis-
souri; Don Munson, Board Chairperson, Dis-
trict 5, Douglas County, Illinois; Clint 
Cottam, Executive Director, Community Ac-
tion Partnership of Utah, Layton, Utah; 
Susan Cooper, Executive Director, Commu-
nity Action Partnership of Sonoma County, 
Santa Rosa, California; Daneen Adams, As-
sistant Executive Director, Open Doors, 
Clearfield, Utah; Teleda S. Holmes, Board 
Member, Multi-Service Center, Federal Way, 
Washington; Michelle Faught, Executive Di-
rector ICCAP, Indiana, Pennsylvania; James 
Hemm, Consultant, New Jersey Association 
on Correction, Trenton, New Jersey; Deborah 
Leonczyk, Executive Director, Berkshire 
Community Action Council, Inc., Pittsfield, 
Massachusetts; Barbara Kelly, Executive Di-
rector, Knoxville Knox County CAC, Knox-
ville, Tennessee; Kathy DiNolfi, Chief Pro-
gram Officer, A New Leaf, Mesa, Arizona; 
Kim Embrey Hill, Executive Director, Multi- 
Purpose Community Action Agency, Inc., 
Louisville, 
Kentucky; 
Kimberly 
Skaggs, 
Housing Administrative Secretary, EMAA, 
Park Hills, Missouri; Erica Pogue, Associate 
Director, INCA Community Services, Inc., 
Atoka, Oklahoma; Patricia F. White, Board 
Member Community Action Council-Lex-
ington, Lexington, Kentucky; Eva Felix, Di-
rector, A New Leaf, MesaCAN, Mesa, Ari-
zona; Robin Corak, CEO, Multi-Service Cen-
ter, Federal Way, Washington; Kati Ortiz, 
Board Member, Community Action of Skagit 
County, Sedro Woolley, Washington; Ken-
neth Walters, Executive Director, Licking 
Valley 
Community 
Action 
Program, 
Flemingsburg, Kentucky; David A. Rumsey, 
DSS Commissioner CAOG Board, Member, 
BOD Community Action of Orleans and 
Geneseee, Batavia, New York; Carol A. 
Mack, Teacher, East Missouri Action Agency 
Cape, Girardeau, Missouri; John W. Edwards, 
Jr., Interim Executive Director, Texas Asso-
ciation of Community Action Agencies, Aus-
tin, Texas; Chris Berry, Board Member— 
Treasurer, Multi Service Center, Milton, 
Washington; Lynne M. Johnson, Board Mem-
ber, Community Action of Orleans and Gen-
esee Counties, Lyndonville, New York. 
Sandra Slade, Coordinator, East Missouri 
Action Agency, Belgrade, Missouri; Mary L. 
Chipps, Executive Director, West Virginia 
Community 
Action 
Partnerships, 
Inc., 
Charleston, West Virginia; Megan Adkins, 
Home Care Coordinator, Gallia County Coun-
cil on Aging, Gallipolis, Ohio; Jennifer Trow-
bridge, President/CEO, Northwest Indiana 
Community Action, Crown Point, Indiana; 
Lisha Whitt, CEO, Pride Community Serv-
ices, Inc., LOGAN, West Virginia; Hal B. 
Goode, Executive Director, Central Ken-
tucky Community Action Council, Lebanon, 
Kentucky; Charlene Engle, CEO, Gateway 
Community Action, West Liberty, Kentucky; 
Kristin L. Peterson, Council Member At 
Large, City of Oberlin, Ohio; Janet Merrell, 
Executive 
Director, 
Community 
Action 
Partnership of Oregon, Portland, Oregon; 
Richard Brocksmith, City Councilperson, 
District 
1, 
Mount 
Vernon, 
Washington; 
Jimmy Jones, Executive Director, Mid-Wil-
lamette Valley Community Action Agency, 
Salem, Oregon; Rebecca Missey, Cook Aide, 
EMAA, Bonne Terre, Missouri; Michael Lin-
coln, White County Judge, White County, 
Arkansas; Jada Shirriel, CEO, Healthy Start, 
Inc., Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. 
Amanda Ewing, Executive Director, Okla-
homa Association of Community Action 
Agencies, Edmond, Oklahoma; Rebecca N. 
Brumagin, Town Supervisor, Town of Mina, 
New York; Dreama Padgett, CEO, Mountain 
Heart Community Services, Inc., Oceana, 
West Virginia; Barbara Shine, CA Board of 
Directors Chair, Community Action of Orle-
ans Genesee, Batavia, New York; William 
Reder, Chairman Board of Directors, Mid- 
Michigan Community Action Agency, Au-
burn, Michigan; Janet Keefe, Board Member, 
Chautauqua Opportunities Inc., Fredonia, 
New York; Steve Luse, City Councilperson, 
City of Decorah, Iowa; John L. Hasten, 
Mayor, City of Marshall, Illinois; Dean King, 
Board Member, GLCAP, Perrysburg, Ohio; 
Dean Bellack, Executive Director, United 
Way of Orleans County, Medina NY, New 
York; Susan Harding, CEO, OLHSA, Pontiac, 
Michigan; Paula A. Brown, Head Start Col-
laboration Director, Oklahoma Head Start 
Collaboration Office, Stillwater, Oklahoma; 
Tamara Turner, Board Member, Seneca 
County, 
Fostoria, 
Ohio; 
Daniel 
Byrnes, 
County Supervisor, Allamakee County, Iowa; 
Randy Weldon, CEO, Southwest Georgia 
Community Action Council, Inc., Moultrie, 
Georgia. 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF COUNTIES. 
Hon. NANCY PELOSI, 
Speaker, House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
Hon. KEVIN MCCARTHY, 
Minority Leader, House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR SPEAKER PELOSI AND MINORITY LEAD-
ER MCCARTHY: 
On behalf of the National Association of 
Counties (NACo), the only organization rep-
resenting the nation’s 3,069 counties, par-
ishes, and boroughs, I write to urge you to 
pass the bipartisan Community Services 
Block Grant (CSBG) Modernization Act (H.R. 
5129) led by Reps. Suzanne Bonamici (D– 
Ore.), Glenn Thompson (R–Pa.), Betty Mccol-
lum (D–Minn.), Elise Stefanik (R–N.Y.), 
Mark 
DeSaulnier 
(D–Calif.) 
and 
James 
Comer (R–Ky.). While CSBG continues to re-
ceive funding through the annual appropria-
tions process, it has not been reauthorized 
since 1998, making it overdue for substantive 
changes that could increase its ability to 
serve vulnerable county residents. Counties 
support H.R. 5129, which would strengthen 
funding and local administration of eligible 
anti-poverty programs focused on housing, 
health, employment, income and civic en-
gagement. 
CSBG, which supports local agencies in ac-
tivities that mitigate the root causes of pov-
erty, represents a unique and effective part-
nership between counties, states, federal 
government and community organizations. 
CSBG-eligible activities vary depending on 
local needs, but often include services re-
lated to educational attainment, accessing 
and maintaining employment and self-suffi-
ciency, household budget management, ob-
taining adequate housing and promoting 
greater community participation. In FY 2019, 
the CSBG network operated in 99 percent of 
the nation’s counties through over 1,000 eli-
gible public or private entities to serve 10.2 
million individuals living in poverty, includ-
ing 3.2 million children. 
The 
CSBG 
Modernization 
Act 
would 
strengthen these efforts through both the re-
authorization and authorization of appro-
priations that create more program cer-
tainty and allow Congress to provide addi-
tional funding to meet our nation’s growing 
needs. The bill specifically reauthorizes the 
program for 10 years and authorizes appro-
priations of $1 billion per year for the first 
five years and ‘‘such sums as necessary’’ for 
the following five years. Counties also sup-
port the proposed change of H.R. 5129 that 
would make permanent a COVID-era flexi-
bility that allowed states to use CSBG fund-
ing to provide services to individuals earning 
up to 200 percent of the federal poverty line, 
allowing the program to reach more people 
in need. 
The CSBG Modernization Act would addi-
tionally create a federally administered 
Community Action Innovations Program to 
invigorate the CSBG network’s ability to 
test new approaches to reducing poverty. 
The bill strengthens local control and re-
sponsiveness to local needs through strategic 
plans that set goals and create an action 
plan for meeting community needs. It would 
also authorize Broadband Navigator Projects 
as a new federal discretionary program 
available to Community Action Agencies. In-
creased internet access has major implica-
tions on socio-economic well-being and serv-
ice delivery. 
NACo supports these efforts to expand pub-
lic-private partnerships and close the digital 
divide 
to 
provide 
reliable 
high-speed 
broadband services, especially in rural un-
derserved areas. 
Passing this bipartisan bill would ensure 
CSBG is meeting the current needs of coun-
ties and local communities through fully 
funded evidence-based program activities. 
During the COVID–19 pandemic, CSBG has 
played a key role in providing crucial serv-
ices for struggling Americans including help-
ing communities access personal protective 
equipment, vaccines and other health serv-
ices and school supplies for remote learning. 
As the nation recovers from the economic 
impacts of COVID–19, we are long past due 
for Congress to pass a comprehensive reau-
thorization of CSBG as it is vital to anti- 
poverty efforts across the country. 
Now that the CSBG Modernization Act 
(H.R. 5129) was voted out of the U.S. House 
Education and Labor Committee on a bipar-
tisan basis, NACo strongly urges the U.S. 
House of Representatives to pass this legisla-
tion as soon as possible. 
Sincerely, 
MATTHEW CHASE, 
Executive Director. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:43 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00013
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A13MY7.005
H13MYPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE
--

 -Page 12-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4936 
May 13, 2022 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR STATE 
COMMUNITY SERVICES PROGRAMS, 
May 9, 2022. 
Rep. NANCY PELOSI, 
House Speaker, House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
Rep. KEVIN MCCARTHY, 
Minority Leader, House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
Rep. STENY HOYER, 
Majority Leader, House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
Rep. BOBBY SCOTT, 
Ed & Labor Committee Chairman, House of Rep-
resentatives, Washington, DC. 
DEAR MADAM SPEAKER PELOSI, MAJORITY 
LEADER HOYER, MINORITY LEADER MCCAR-
THY, AND CHAIRMAN SCOTT: My name is Jean-
nie Chaffin, and I am the Interim Executive 
Director of the National Association for 
State 
Community 
Services 
Programs 
(NASCSP). NASCSP is the sole national as-
sociation charged with advocating for and 
enhancing the leadership role of States in 
the administration of the Community Serv-
ices Block Grant (CSBG) and Weatherization 
Assistance Program (WAP) across all 50 
states, Washington D.C., and five U.S. terri-
tories. 
As the membership association for all 
Community Services Block Grant State Of-
fices, we are intimately familiar with the 
current CSBG Act, how it has helped individ-
uals and communities in all corners of the 
Nation and how it can be improved upon. We 
are excited that the CSBG Modernization 
Act is moving forward and has such strong 
bipartisan support with more than 125 co-
sponsors from more than 25 states and the 
District of Columbia. We are incredibly 
grateful for such a strong showing of support 
for CSBG. 
I am writing to you today not simply out 
of gratitude but also to express our support 
for the CSBG Modernization Act (HR 5129). 
The Act changes the eligibility criterion 
from 125% of the Federal Poverty Level 
(FPL) to 200% of the FPL, enabling the fund-
ing to reach more households in need, espe-
cially as we recover from the nationwide im-
pact of COVID–19. Important language is also 
included in the Act that provides for the on-
going eligibility of clients so that they do 
not lose assistance as they work toward 
achieving their goal. This is critical to 
households’ ability to exit poverty meaning-
fully and sustainably. The State Offices that 
are responsible for overseeing this funding 
and ensuring it is thoughtfully spent fully 
and enthusiastically support these changes 
in CSBG. 
While our network is excited for and sup-
portive of the aforementioned language, we 
also have a few concerns and must note our 
primary concern below. As partners in the 
work of CSBG, State Offices carry a great 
deal of responsibility. States provide over-
sight of CSBG funds via monitoring, con-
tract management, policy development, and 
evaluation of results. As State Offices fill 
these various roles, we recognize that there 
are aspects of the CSBG Modernization Act 
of 2021 that could be refined to support the 
efficient and effective implementation of 
CSBG at the state and local levels. 
We recommend revising grant obligational 
requirements in Section 679 to ‘date of obli-
gation’ and removing language that refers to 
‘available for expenditure’ as it creates an 
unrealistic requirement on State Offices to 
release funding in extremely short periods of 
time (30 days). We recommend focusing on 
continuous funding to Eligible Entities over 
prescriptive timelines (Sec. 679(a)(2)(A) and 
Sec. 679(a)(2)(A)(i)). We believe this addresses 
concerns about any gaps in funding while si-
multaneously acknowledging that each state 
has its own policies, procedures and regula-
tions that dictate how funding is distributed 
from the federal to local level. 
We are deeply committed to the success of 
the CSBG and know just what a difference it 
makes in communities across the country. It 
is through the cooperation of all stake-
holders, from the Federal level to Eligible 
Entities and, of course, State Offices, that 
make the great work of CSBG possible, and 
as such we want to be sure that the Mod-
ernization Act enables all to be successful 
partners. Thank you for your support of 
CSBG and considering our suggestions for 
improvements. 
Sincerely, 
JEANNIE CHAFFIN, 
Interim Executive Director, NASCSP. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Speaker, I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, today I 
stand in opposition to H.R. 5129, the 
Community Services Block Grant Mod-
ernization Act of 2022, CSBG. 
While I recognize that the CSBG pro-
gram has been serving those in need for 
decades, I do not believe that this reau-
thorization bill improves CSBG serv-
ices or fixes the program’s flaws. 
As Members of Congress, we have an 
obligation to ensure that taxpayer dol-
lars are being spent as efficiently and 
effectively as possible. In that regard, 
the CSBG program is missing the 
mark. Spending $1 billion on a program 
that has limited accountability is yet 
another reason why our country is ex-
periencing the biggest inflation crisis 
we have seen in 41 years. 
With our national debt exceeding $30 
trillion, it is time to stop mortgaging 
the future of the next generation with 
spending on programs that may not 
even work. There is little proof that 
CSBG programs are accomplishing the 
one goal they were created for: moving 
Americans out of poverty. 
In fact, there is more proof that 
CSBG has become nothing but another 
welfare program, which keeps Ameri-
cans in poverty instead of lifting them 
into self-sufficiency. 
Under current law, CSBG lets States 
set their own benchmarks for progress, 
allowing ineffective programs to con-
tinue receiving taxpayer dollars de-
spite poor performance. This bill con-
tinues that ineffective policy rather 
than creating commonsense measures 
to judge the programs’ outcomes. This 
does not help people in need, and it is 
an irresponsible use of taxpayer dol-
lars. 
When creating programs like CSBG, 
our goal should be self-sufficiency, not 
government dependence. This is par-
ticularly true with some of the changes 
proposed in H.R. 5129. 
For example, the bill raises the in-
come threshold for individuals who can 
receive services under CSBG programs 
from 125 percent of the Federal poverty 
level to 200 percent. 
In addition, it will allow individuals 
in the program to continue receiving 
services even after they have exceeded 
the income threshold. This program 
was created to help individuals most in 
need, but Democrats are trying to 
twist it into a permanent welfare pipe-
line. 
H.R. 5129 has other troubling provi-
sions. 
Under this bill, organizations would 
be able to use grantee facilities for 
voter 
registration 
activities. 
While 
promoting political participation is 
important, it is simply not the purpose 
of this program. 
This new provision risks distracting 
servicers from their primary purpose 
and opening the door to partisan poli-
tics. We must preserve the integrity of 
CSBG by keeping in place important 
safeguards that protect against inter-
twining Federal policy and partisan po-
litical activity. 
This legislation also adds a new re-
quirement that will allow CSBG funds 
to 
be 
used 
for 
vague, 
undefined 
‘‘healthcare needs.’’ With Democrats’ 
increasingly radical stance on abortion 
and attempts to strip the Hyde amend-
ment from Federal legislation, this leg-
islation could open the door for tax-
payer-funded 
abortions 
and 
gender 
transitions. This is an unacceptable 
risk. 
Lastly, one of the most concerning 
points of this bill is how it got protec-
tions for faith-based organizations. Re-
ligious workers have been on the front 
lines serving the poor long before this 
program began. Instead of honoring 
their long history of service, this bill 
would require religious organizations 
to check their faith at the door to par-
ticipate in the CSBG program. Faith- 
based providers deserve an equal oppor-
tunity to serve those in need. 
Our Founding Fathers wrote the 
First Amendment to protect the free 
exercise of religion from interference 
by the Federal Government. Yet, this 
bill suggests that faith-based organiza-
tions should not be able to hire em-
ployees who share the same faith if 
they are going to participate in a Fed-
eral program. This is unacceptable. 
The Constitution protects the right 
of religious organizations to hire in ac-
cordance with their beliefs. Congress 
recognized this right in enacting title 
VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. The 
Supreme Court unanimously upheld 
the constitutionality of a religious em-
ployer’s staffing exemption in 1987. 
The current law protections, which 
were adopted in a bipartisan manner 
nearly 
25 
years 
ago, 
should 
be 
uncontroversial, but H.R. 5129 makes 
these provisions controversial because 
Democrats think religious belief is 
backward and discriminatory. 
b 0930 
Democrats have claimed that these 
current law protections allow faith- 
based providers to discriminate against 
program beneficiaries. But that simply 
isn’t true. Democrats can’t point to a 
single instance of widespread discrimi-
nation in the CSBG program. These 
faith-based organizations exist to serve 
the neediest among us. The current law 
protections ensure they can continue 
to do that. If the purpose of H.R. 5129 
was to improve CSBG, then I am afraid 
the bill has failed miserably. This mod-
ernization attempt is a false start. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:47 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00014
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A13MY7.003
H13MYPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 13-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4937 
May 13, 2022 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from 
Virginia (Mr. SCOTT), who is the chair-
man of the Education and Labor Com-
mittee. 
Mr. 
SCOTT 
of 
Virginia. 
Madam 
Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for 
yielding and for her leadership on this 
legislation. 
Today the committee action agen-
cies, or CAAs, form a network of more 
than 1,000 organizations that meet the 
unique needs of communities to help 
lift low-income individuals and fami-
lies out of poverty. For decades com-
munity action agencies have been cen-
tral pillars to our communities. They 
administer programs such as Head 
Start, to provide quality early child-
hood education for low-income children 
and support their families; Meals on 
Wheels, to support seniors experiencing 
hunger and isolation; and LIHEAP, the 
Low Income Home Energy Assistance 
Program that helps people keep up 
with their utilities. 
In fact, it is the only Federal pro-
gram whose broad mission is to address 
poverty conditions and allow commu-
nity action agencies to tailor services 
for low-income individuals in their 
communities, and they do this with the 
goal of giving a hand up, not a hand-
out. 
Community action agencies’ work is 
made possible by the community serv-
ices block grant, the CSBG. Unfortu-
nately, the CSBG program has not been 
reauthorized since 1998 creating uncer-
tainty in the program. 
The bipartisan Community Services 
Block Grant Modernization Act of 2022 
reauthorizes CSBG for 10 years, the 
longest period in history, and improves 
the statute to help CAAs expand their 
work and reduce poverty across the 
country. 
This includes increased authorization 
levels and raising the CSBG program 
income eligibility thresholds to expand 
access to their services. This will put 
CSBG on solid footing so that the pro-
gram continues to meet the complex 
and changing needs of low-income indi-
viduals 
and 
communities 
without 
changing local control to this impor-
tant program. 
I thank the gentlewoman from Or-
egon (Ms. BONAMICI), the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON), 
the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. 
MCCOLLUM), the gentlewoman from 
New York (Ms. STEFANIK), the gen-
tleman 
from 
California 
(Mr. 
DESAULNIER), and the gentleman from 
Kentucky (Mr. COMER) for championing 
this bipartisan legislation. 
Madam Speaker, I urge my col-
leagues to support the legislation. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Indiana 
(Mr. BANKS). 
Mr. BANKS. Madam Speaker, I thank 
the ranking member for her leadership. 
Today I stand in opposition to H.R. 
5129 because it removes longstanding 
religious protections for community 
service providers that receive funds 
through the community service block 
grant program. 
Religious providers all around the 
country provide food for the hungry, 
healthcare and hospice programs for 
the terminally ill, and educational op-
portunities for the less fortunate. This 
partisan bill will likely prevent certain 
religious groups from engaging in char-
ity, simply because of what motivates 
their charity. 
In 2019, the community action agen-
cies partnered with more than 19,000 
faith-based organizations around the 
country. In Indiana, the funds reached 
335,000 Hoosiers by providing health 
services, housing aid, education help, 
income improvement, and more. If 
charitable choice language is removed 
from this bill, religious organizations 
may be forced to choose between serv-
ing their community and honoring 
their sincerely held faith beliefs. That 
means more Hoosiers in need. It is 
shameful to cut religious protections 
from such an impactful program. 
Madam Speaker, I urge my col-
leagues to oppose the bill as it will 
mean less charity tomorrow for all 
Americans. We must defend our reli-
gious freedom, and this bill is a direct 
attack on it. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman 
from 
New 
Mexico 
(Ms. 
LEGER 
FERNANDEZ), who is a member of Edu-
cation and Labor Committee. 
Ms. LEGER FERNANDEZ. Madam 
Speaker, last week, I was approached 
by Larry Martinez who was there when 
the Community Service Block Grants 
first started in New Mexico. He told me 
that my late father worked tirelessly 
to secure funds so the State of New 
Mexico could match this new program. 
He called my late father the conscience 
of the Senate. 
My father knew that these funds 
would make a real impact in the lives 
of New Mexicans, and he was right. It 
has made a difference. The benefits are 
undeniable. Instead of a family shiv-
ering in the cold in northern New Mex-
ico, we have families using LIHEAP to 
keep their children warm. Instead of a 
family being turned out of their home 
because they couldn’t afford rising 
rent, CSBG provides rental assistance. 
Instead of a promising young man fall-
ing into homelessness or despair with-
out an income, we have CSBG pro-
grams helping with career training and 
job searches. 
One of my favorite programs is Head 
Start. I started my academic career as 
a Head Start baby and fell in love with 
learning, and we know that an invest-
ment in our children at the earliest age 
is the biggest and best investment we 
can work; and this provides Head 
Start. 
CSBG touches every aspect of our 
community because there is not one 
root cause of poverty. We need to uplift 
our most vulnerable by meeting them 
where they are because they have aspi-
rations that we need to help them 
achieve. The Communities Services 
Block Grant Modernization Act would 
strengthen CSBG by increasing its au-
thorization for annual appropriations. 
The bill would allow the Community 
Action Network to serve more people 
by increasing the income eligibility for 
services. 
We should not kick people off a cliff 
back into poverty when they can rise 
into the working middle class. These 
are changes that will strengthen CSBG 
and strengthen our communities. We 
must be the conscience of our commu-
nities in the House. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Geor-
gia (Mr. ALLEN). 
Mr. ALLEN. Madam Speaker, I thank 
the ranking member for her work on 
this important legislation. In fact, you 
can’t miss it. Above our flag here have 
the words ‘‘In God We Trust.’’ 
Really? 
Our Nation’s Founders rightly recog-
nized that every human being has a 
natural right to religious liberty. This 
right is so important that, like I said, 
it is enshrined as the First Amendment 
to our Constitution. 
When language was added to the 
CSBG program in 1998 to protect the 
religious character of faith-based orga-
nizations, Congress rightly recognized 
the importance of this fundamental 
right to religious liberty and the value 
that religious organizations add to our 
society. We need to stand by these 
principles today. 
Unfortunately, Democrats do not be-
lieve it is important to respect the reli-
gious freedom of faith-based organiza-
tions to hire according to their reli-
gious beliefs or to display religious 
symbols like a Bible or the Star of 
David while serving low-income Ameri-
cans through the CSBG program. The 
Democrats’ removal of this important 
language—language that has been in 
the law for over two decades without 
causing harm to anyone—shines a spot-
light on their intolerance of different 
viewpoints and beliefs. 
My colleague from Michigan offered 
an amendment that would have taken 
the important and commonsense step 
to reinstate this longstanding language 
making clear that faith-based pro-
viders should be able to live out their 
faith while participating in the CSBG 
program. I was very disappointed that 
Democrats rejected this amendment 
during markup and refused to allow a 
floor vote on it. 
All we are asking is that the deeply 
held religious beliefs of faith-based or-
ganizations continue to be accommo-
dated under the law. This approach al-
lows many different viewpoints to exist 
alongside one another in our diverse 
country, and it makes sure that faith- 
based organizations can continue to do 
the work they do so well, and that is, 
help low-income Americans. 
Madam Speaker, faith-based organi-
zations are important partners to pro-
vide vital services, and for this reason 
I oppose this bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:47 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00015
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.009
H13MYPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 14-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4938 
May 13, 2022 
Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 3 minutes to gentleman from 
Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON), who is a 
member of the Education and Labor 
Committee and a lead cosponsor of the 
legislation. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Madam Speaker, I thank the gentle-
woman for yielding. 
Today, we have the great oppor-
tunity to move one step closer to re-
ducing poverty across the Nation. The 
community services block grant is the 
only Federal program with the explicit 
and overreaching goal of reducing pov-
erty regardless of its cause. 
Originally, created in 1964, the pro-
gram established local community ac-
tion agencies to help identify why peo-
ple were in poverty and how to address 
it using public and private resources. It 
was a public-private partnership. Com-
munity action agencies are governed 
by boards that are largely made up of 
business and industry community lead-
ers in those counties. 
Funds for this program help families 
and 
individuals 
achieve 
self-suffi-
ciency, find and retain meaningful em-
ployment, attain an education, make 
better use of available income, obtain 
housing, and achieve greater participa-
tion in community affairs. Virtually 
every county in the United States has 
a community action agency which 
helps low-income individuals and fami-
lies move from poverty to independ-
ence. 
CSBG has not been reauthorized in 
more than two decades, and today’s 
vote will renew our commitment to re-
ducing poverty and strengthening com-
munities across the country. 
H.R. 5129 reauthorizes the commu-
nity services block grant program for 
10 years at an annual level of $1 billion 
for the first 5 years. It maintains local 
control of community action planning 
and activities. It is largely business 
and industry leaders that constitute 
those boards. It authorizes a broadband 
navigator program to respond to the 
broadband and digital needs of low-in-
come families and communities to find 
pathways out of poverty. 
Madam Speaker, it does so much 
more. 
CSBG requires some modernization 
to allow agencies the ability to tap 
their full potential and better serve 
families and communities. While this 
program has a strong history of bipar-
tisan support, some of my colleagues 
have alleged faith-based organizations 
will no longer be able to participate in 
the CSBG program if this bill becomes 
law. This is simply untrue. 
Faith-based organizations are long-
standing and essential partners in com-
munity action networks. They serve as 
incredible forces of good in their com-
munities. 
Philippians 2:4 tells us, ‘‘Let each of 
you look not only to his interests, but 
also to the interests of the others.’’ 
Madam Speaker, as a man of faith 
and longtime member of the Congres-
sional Prayer Caucus, the last thing I 
would do is support legislation that re-
moves faith-based organizations en-
tirely from actively and equally par-
ticipating in CSBG. There have been 
longstanding 
Federal 
regulations 
which were expanded under the George 
W. Bush administration that allow 
faith-based organizations to partake in 
Federal 
programs 
without 
compro-
mising their religious beliefs. These 
regulations now apply to nine Federal 
departments and agencies, including 
HHS. 
The Trump administration also re-
affirmed these regulations through the 
final rule titled Equal Participation of 
Faith-Based Organizations in the Fed-
eral Agencies’ Programs and Activi-
ties. 
This bill makes Federal policy clear-
er, and it maintains the same protec-
tions 
for 
faith-based 
providers 
in 
CSBG-funded activities. 
Madam Speaker, it is time for Con-
gress to reaffirm our Nation’s commit-
ment to reducing poverty by reauthor-
izing the CSBG, and I urge my col-
leagues to support the passage of this 
righteous legislation. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Speaker, I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I yield 4 
minutes to the gentleman from Michi-
gan (Mr. WALBERG). 
Mr. WALBERG. Madam Speaker, I 
thank the gentlewoman for yielding. 
Madam Speaker, at the appropriate 
time I will offer an amendment to re-
commit H.R. 5129 and ask to have my 
amendment to restore current law pro-
tections for faith-based organizations 
included in the RECORD. 
Madam Speaker, religious liberty is 
foundational to America. It is en-
shrined as the First Amendment to our 
Constitution. Given this Nation’s dedi-
cation to religious liberty, it is so ap-
palling that H.R. 5129 strikes current 
law protections for faith-based organi-
zations that participate in the CSBG 
program. 
Faith-based providers have a history 
of leading America’s fight to help those 
in need. From the Salvation Army to 
Catholic Charities, religious organiza-
tions formed the front line in assisting 
people in poverty. They did so not out 
of a desire for selfish gain or recogni-
tion but because they truly believe it is 
a calling. 
b 0945 
That faith allows them to help those 
in need in unique ways that the gov-
ernment cannot. But instead of hon-
oring these organizations for their long 
history of service, this bill suggests 
that 
religious 
organizations 
should 
leave their faith behind when they 
want to serve those in need. 
This is ridiculous. More than that, it 
is un-American. I would also argue it 
directly contradicts our Constitution. 
Madam Speaker, we must give faith- 
based organizations and providers the 
same opportunity to serve low-income 
Americans through the CSBG program 
that we would give any other organiza-
tion. We must also guarantee faith- 
based providers’ rights to live out and 
express their faith through their work. 
I include in the RECORD a letter from 
a coalition of religious providers, led 
by the Institutional Religious Freedom 
Alliance, which discusses the impor-
tance of maintaining current law pro-
tections for faith-based organizations— 
protections, I might add, that Presi-
dent Biden himself supported when he 
was a Member of the Senate. 
MAY 10, 2022. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE: As leaders of faith- 
based service organizations, religious free-
dom advocates, and people of faith, we 
strongly implore you and your colleagues to 
retain the Charitable Choice provisions when 
reauthorizing 
the 
Community 
Services 
Block Grant [CSBG]. The current language 
of H.R. 5129, the Community Services Block 
Grant Modernization Act of 2021, would re-
place the detailed Charitable Choice provi-
sions with a bare sentence. This would be a 
negative change that creates a harmful 
precedent. We ask the House instead to reaf-
firm Charitable Choice in the CSBG program 
by retaining the Charitable Choice provi-
sions currently in the CSBG statute. 
The Charitable Choice provisions (42 U.S. 
Code 9920) give faith-based organizations an 
equal opportunity to compete for CSBG 
funding and safeguard their religious char-
acter 
while 
also 
protecting 
beneficiary 
rights by prohibiting the use of CSBG grant 
funds for explicitly religious activities. The 
presence of this detailed language in the 
statute is a billboard announcing a welcome 
for faith-based organizations to compete for 
funding. 
The provisions were added to the CSBG 
program in 1998 in a reauthorization bill co- 
sponsored by Republican Senators Dan Coats 
(IN) and Jim Jeffords (VT) and Democratic 
Senators Ted Kennedy (MA) and Christopher 
Dodd (CT). They sought to improve the effec-
tiveness of CSBG spending by prohibiting 
local governments and Community Action 
Agencies [CAAs] from marginalizing faith- 
based organizations. Protecting participa-
tion in CSBG funding by faith-based pro-
viders and houses of worship ensures that the 
procurement process is competitive and that 
CAAs utilize the most effective and account-
able service providers. 
The Charitable Choice provisions extend to 
faith-based organizations no novel or uncon-
stitutional rights. Its principles are codified 
in the Equal Treatment regulations that 
apply to Department of Health and Human 
Services funding programs (45 CFR 87), but 
only partially to CSBG. CSBG has its own 
regulations, similar but distinct. If Chari-
table Choice is taken out of the CSBG stat-
ute, CAAs would have no guarantee that 
they will be afforded the same rights and 
protections due to other faith-based organi-
zations under the Equal Treatment regula-
tions. It would be better to retain the CSBG 
statutory language and the accompanying 
regulations. Statutory language provides 
more certainty over time to Community Ac-
tion Agencies and to faith-based organiza-
tions interested in partnering with them in 
service. 
Some in the CAA movement claim that the 
Charitable Choice language is dispensable 
because, despite its presence, few faith-based 
organizations receive CSBG funding. If par-
ticipation is truly low, then the remedy is 
action by Congress and the Office of Commu-
nity Services in HHS to remove the non-stat-
utory barriers that inhibit more extensive 
partnerships, not to remove the protections 
that enable the participation of those few. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:47 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00016
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.010
H13MYPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 15-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4939 
May 13, 2022 
The addition of Charitable Choice in 1998 
to the CSBG program was the second time 
that Congress and the Clinton administra-
tion added such language to a federal pro-
gram (Charitable Choice was first added to 
the TANF program in 1996). These actions 
launched the faith-based or partnership ini-
tiative. The four succeeding administrations 
of both parties (Bush, Obama, Trump, and 
Biden) have worked with energy to ensure 
that federal social programs are maximally 
effective because they partner with the best 
non-government 
organizations, 
including 
faith-based organizations, with full protec-
tion for the religious freedom of the ulti-
mate beneficiaries. 
Senators Coats, Jeffords, Kennedy, and 
Dodd were right to add Charitable Choice to 
the CSBG program. Removing it will be det-
rimental to the participation of faith-based 
organizations, when it is their greater in-
volvement that will most benefit the com-
munities that CSBG funding is intended to 
serve. Removing it will create a terrible 
precedent by signaling that Congress is no 
longer as boldly committed to equal oppor-
tunity for service organizations of every 
faith or none. 
We ask the House to reaffirm Charitable 
Choice in the CSBG program by amending 
H.R. 5129 to restore this language before the 
reauthorization moves forward. 
Thank you for your consideration of this 
important matter. 
Signed, 
[University professors sign in their per-
sonal capacities only. Their employing uni-
versities take no position on this bill, and 
are listed only to help identify the individual 
signers.] 
Stanley Carlson-Thies, Senior Director, In-
stitutional 
Religious 
Freedom 
Alliance, 
Washington, DC; Stephanie Summers, CEO, 
Center for Public Justice, Washington, DC; 
His Eminence Timothy Cardinal Dolan, 
Archbishop of New York, Chairman, U.S. 
Conference of Catholic Bishops Committee 
for Religious Liberty, Washington, DC; Rev. 
Dr. Galen Carey, Vice President of Govern-
ment Relations, National Association of 
Evangelicals, Columbia, MD; Rabbi Abba 
Cohen, Vice President for Government Af-
fairs and Washington Director, Agudath 
Israel of America, Washington, DC; Melissa 
Reid, Director of Government Affairs, Sev-
enth-day Adventist Church—North American 
Division, Columbia, MD; Rev. Dr. Jo Anne 
Lyon, General Superintendent Emerita, The 
Wesleyan 
Church, 
Fishers, 
IN; 
Yaakov 
Menken, Managing Director, Coalition for 
Jewish Values, Baltimore, MD. 
Shirley V. Hoogstra, President, CCCU— 
Council for Christian Colleges & Univer-
sities, Washington, DC; Robert C. Andringa, 
Ph.D. President Emeritus, CCCU, Wash-
ington, DC; P. George Tryfiates, Vice Presi-
dent for Public Policy & Legal Affairs, Asso-
ciation of Christian Schools International, 
Washington, DC; Jedd Medefind, President, 
Christian 
Alliance 
for 
Orphans, 
Falls 
Church, VA; Ronald L. Sider, Founder, 
Christians for Social Action, Lansdale, PA; 
Gary W. Blackard, President & CEO, Adult & 
Teen Challenge USA, Ozark, MO; Ryan Jay 
VerWys, CEO, ICCF Community Homes, 
Grand Rapids, MI; Jonathan Bradford, Presi-
dent and CEO Emeritus, ICCF Community 
Homes, Grand Rapids, MI; Douglas Laycock, 
Professor of Law, University of Virginia, 
Charlottesville, VA. 
Carl H. Esbeck, R.B. Price Emeritus Pro-
fessor of Law, University of Missouri, Colum-
bia, MO; Phillip L. McIntosh, Professor of 
Law, Mississippi College School of Law, 
Jackson, MS; Paul Marshall, Professor, 
Baylor University, Washington, DC; Robert 
Osburn, Ph.D., Senior Fellow, Wilberforce 
International Institute, Roseville, MN; Jo-
seph M. Knippenberg, Professor of Politics, 
Oglethorpe 
University, 
Brookhaven, 
GA; 
Abby M. Foreman, Professor, Dordt Univer-
sity, Sioux Center, IA; Ryan T. Anderson, 
President, The Ethics and Public Policy Cen-
ter, Washington, DC; Charles Leslie Glenn 
Jr., Professor emeritus of Educational Pol-
icy, Boston University, Boston, MA; Gail 
Frances Jansen, Retired Attorney, Former 
Trustee Center for Public Justice, Tucson, 
AZ; James W. Skillen, President (retired), 
Center for Public Justice, Birmingham, AL; 
Marc Andreas, Professor, Kuyper College, 
Grand Rapids, MI; Michelle C. Kirtley, Fel-
low, Center for Public Justice, Chapel Hill, 
NC; Chelsea Langston Bombino, Fellow, Cen-
ter for Public Justice, Catonsville, MD; 
Bruce 
Rowell, 
Chief 
Clinical 
Officer, 
Lawndale Christian Health Center, Chicago, 
IL; Rev. Girien R. Salazar, Minister, Ciudad 
de Esperanza, Farmers Branch, TX; Rev. 
Marian Edmonds-Allen, Executive Director, 
Parity, New York, NY; Mr. Roger Metcalf, 
Chairman Board of Trustee, Oklahoma Wes-
leyan University, Gresham, OR; Michael 
Kozlarek, City Director, The Navigators, San 
Diego, 
CA; 
Mark 
Rodgers, 
Principal, 
Clapham Group, Burke, VA; James B. Bolds, 
Lead Pastor, Victory Church, Yorktown, VA; 
Joyce 
Campbell, 
Concerned 
community 
member, Christian Reformed Church, Green-
belt, MD; Randall Kroll, Executive Consult-
ant, Platinum Group, Minneapolis, MN; 
Kathryn Vaselkiv, Not for profit board mem-
ber, St Moses Church, Baltimore, MD. 
Deanna Stacy, Former Associate Director, 
HHS Center for Faith-Based and Community 
Initiatives, Alexandria, VA; Ashley Weiss, 
Staff, Youth with A Mission, Lakeside, MT; 
Greg Enas, Venture Catalyst, Innovatov 
LLC, Indianapolis, IN; Jerry S. Herbert, 
Elder, Washington Community Fellowship, 
Washington, DC; Karyl Savageau, Capitol 
Hill Pregnancy Center, Washington, DC; 
Clarke Cochran, Deacon, St. Peter Catholic 
Church, 
Charlotte, 
NC; 
Carol 
Veldman 
Rudie, Board member, Association for Public 
Justice, Minneapolis, MN; Dr. Paul Wrobbel, 
Head of School, Trinity Oaks Christian 
Academy, Cary, IL; Bethany Schuttinga, 
Ph.D., 
President, 
Avail 
Academy, 
Min-
neapolis, MN; Steven Groen, Principal, Avail 
Academy, Edina, MN; Andrew Ryskamp, 
Christian Reformed Church in North Amer-
ica, Grand Rapids, MI; Perry Recker, Librar-
ian emeritus and Ruling Elder, Eastminster 
Presbyterian Church, Pittsburgh, PA; Rev. 
Dr. Steven J. Koster, Pastor of Congrega-
tional Life, Grace Church, Grand Rapids, MI; 
David E. Campbell, Christian Reformed 
Church of Washington, DC., Washington, DC; 
Henry G. Gunnink, Regional Pastor, Classis 
Lake Superior of the Christian Reformed 
Church of North America, Inver Grove 
Heights, MN; Randall Hedman, Donor Rela-
tions, World Renew, Bloomington, MN. 
Mr. WALBERG. Madam Speaker, I 
offered an amendment during a markup 
that would have protected faith-based 
providers, making sure they don’t have 
to leave their faith at the door when 
they work to serve America’s families 
in need. This is not only good for the 
religious organizations serving these 
families but also for the neediest 
among us. 
Unfortunately, my Democrat col-
leagues 
rejected 
this 
commonsense 
amendment. I was further disappointed 
when they did not make my amend-
ment in order for floor consideration. 
This is a forthright attack on religious 
liberty by the Democrats, and we can-
not stand for it. 
Madam Speaker, if we adopt this mo-
tion to recommit, we will instruct the 
Committee on Education and Labor to 
reconsider my amendment to restore 
these current law provisions. 
Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous 
consent to insert the text of this 
amendment 
in 
the 
RECORD
imme-
diately prior to the vote on the motion 
to recommit. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-
tleman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Speaker, how 
much time is remaining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from Oregon has 18 minutes 
remaining. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself 3 minutes. 
Madam Speaker, we all agree that 
the inclusion of faith-based organiza-
tions and faith leaders is important for 
the community action network. In 
fact, they have a long history of being 
involved with community action since 
the very beginning of the war on pov-
erty in the 1960s, and I have no doubt 
that they will continue to do their im-
portant work. 
In recent years, the Supreme Court 
has made clear that religious entities 
cannot be excluded from participation 
in publicly funded programs because of 
their religious status. This legislation, 
despite what the ranking member and 
others claim, would not change that. 
We are here today to reauthorize and 
modernize 
the 
community 
services 
block grant program, which is almost 
20 years past its authorization expira-
tion. 
I also note that the bipartisan bill in-
troduced in the previous Congress, the 
116th, also removed the charitable 
choice provision with broad bipartisan 
support, and H.R. 5129 reflects the same 
sensible compromise on this issue. 
In fact, some Members would have 
liked the legislation to go further to 
expressly address other nondiscrimina-
tion issues, but I did not take that ap-
proach as we crafted the bill because I 
wanted to maintain the bipartisan 
agreement we reached to make real 
progress toward the much-needed reau-
thorization of CSBG. 
Twenty years is too long for this pro-
gram, our community action agencies, 
and the communities they serve. It is 
too long for them to wait for us to 
reach an agreement, and we have 
reached an agreement. 
Additionally, Madam Speaker, for 60 
years, community action agencies have 
had relationships with faith-based or-
ganizations. The involvement of faith- 
based organizations in community ac-
tion programs long predates the chari-
table choice provision, and their in-
volvement will continue without this 
controversial provision. 
We also know that HHS regulations 
have existed for nearly 20 years incor-
porating many of the same principles. 
Eliminating the duplicative charitable 
choice provision in CSBG allows us to 
move forward with a reauthorization 
that is vital to so many of our agencies 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:55 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00017
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A13MY7.008
H13MYPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 16-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4940 
May 13, 2022 
and allows HHS to apply a single set of 
rules across programs. 
This is a distraction that should not 
prevent us from moving forward with 
this reauthorization and maintaining 
the 
bipartisan 
consensus 
we 
have 
achieved. 
Madam Speaker, I include in the 
RECORD
a letter from the Coalition 
Against Religious Discrimination, a 
broad and diverse group of leading reli-
gious, civil rights, labor, and health or-
ganizations supporting the removal of 
the charitable choice provision from 
the community services block grant 
program. 
THE COALITION AGAINST 
RELIGIOUS DISCRIMINATION, 
May 11, 2022. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE: As members and al-
lies of the Coalition Against Religious Dis-
crimination (CARD), we write to support the 
changes in H.R. 5129, the Community Serv-
ices Block Grant (CSBG) Modernization Act 
of 2022, that would remove charitable choice, 
a highly controversial policy. 
CARD is a broad and diverse group of lead-
ing religious, civil rights, labor, and health 
organizations that formed in the 1990s to op-
pose adding charitable choice to social serv-
ice program authorizations. Since then, 
CARD 
has 
continued 
to 
advocate 
for 
strengthening the constitutional and legal 
safeguards that apply to such partnerships in 
this and other social service programs. We 
appreciate the important role that reli-
giously affiliated organizations historically 
have played in addressing many of our na-
tion’s most pressing social needs, including 
in some cases, with the use of government 
funds; indeed, many members of CARD know 
this firsthand. We also recognize that the 
separation of church and state is the corner-
stone of religious freedom. 
Contrary to claims of its supporters, chari-
table choice provisions did not remove any 
‘‘barriers’’ to participation for faith-based 
providers. 
Faith-based 
organizations 
partnered with the government to provide 
services long before the addition of chari-
table choice to the Community Services 
Block Grant programs. Charitable choice in-
stead changed the rules. But faith-based or-
ganizations should follow the same rules as 
all other providers, and effective government 
collaboration with faith-based entities does 
not require government-supported discrimi-
nation. 
Charitable 
choice 
removed 
traditional 
church-state safeguards that applied to so-
cial service providers that accept taxpayer 
funds. It allows taxpayer-funded faith-based 
organizations to discriminate in hiring, in-
cluding by undermining state and local non-
discrimination protections, and threatens 
the rights of beneficiaries when delivering 
services. 
People in need should never be faced with 
the stark choice between accessing the serv-
ices they need or retaining their religious 
freedom protections. And no one should be 
forced to choose between conforming to a re-
ligious litmus test or losing a government- 
funded job. 
Charitable choice does not protect reli-
gious freedom, rather it uses the guise of re-
ligious freedom to justify discrimination 
against employees and put people who need 
government services at risk of harm. Thus, 
we support the removal of the charitable 
choice provisions from the CSBG authoriza-
tion. 
Sincerely, 
ADL (Anti-Defamation League), African 
American Ministers in Action, American 
Atheists, American Civil Liberties Union, 
American Federation of Teachers, American 
Humanist Association, Americans United for 
Separation of Church and State, B’nai B’rith 
International, Baptist Joint Committee for 
Religious Liberty (BJC), Bend the Arc: Jew-
ish Action, Catholics for Choice, Center for 
Inquiry and the Richard Dawkins Founda-
tion for Reason & Science, Central Con-
ference of American Rabbis, Disciples Center 
for Public Witness, Disciples Justice Action 
Network. 
Equal Partners in Faith, Family Equality, 
Freedom 
From 
Religion 
Foundation, 
GLSEN, 
Hindu 
American 
Foundation, 
Human Rights Campaign, Interfaith Alli-
ance, Jewish Women International, Lambda 
Legal, The Leadership Conference on Civil 
and Human Rights, MAZON: A Jewish Re-
sponse to Hunger, Metropolitan Community 
Churches, Global Justice Institute, NAACP, 
NARAL Pro-Choice America. 
National Center for Transgender Equality, 
National Council of Jewish Women, National 
LGBTQ Task Force, National Women’s Law 
Center, People For the American Way, 
PFLAG 
National, 
Presbyterian 
Church 
(USA), Secular Coalition for America, Sec-
ular Policy Institute, SPLC Action Fund, 
Union for Reform Judaism, United Church of 
Christ, Justice and Local Church Ministries, 
The 
United 
Methodist 
Church—General 
Board of Church and Society. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from 
Virginia (Mr. SCOTT), the chairman of 
the Education and Labor Committee. 
Mr. 
SCOTT 
of 
Virginia. 
Madam 
Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for 
yielding. 
The chair of the subcommittee has 
said a lot about the charitable choice 
provision and the fact that faith-based 
entities have long participated in com-
munity action programs from the very 
beginning in the 1960s, and there is no 
evidence that they will stop partici-
pating. 
Charitable choice purports to ad-
vance religious freedom, ensuring par-
ticipation of faith-based organizations. 
The fact is, they are going to partici-
pate. Some may not because they can-
not operate without discriminating. 
Well, that is their right. But if you are 
going to take Federal money, you 
should not discriminate. 
This language that is being offered, 
the language that is not in the bill, au-
thorizes broad religious discrimination 
against employees and fails to ade-
quately protect religious liberty rights 
of beneficiaries in taxpayer-funded so-
cial services. 
Now, when a church runs a program, 
they can hire whoever they want based 
on religion with church money. But 
when you take Federal money, there 
ought to be equal opportunity in hir-
ing. 
So, the charitable choice language, 
which is not in the bill as it is, requires 
equal opportunity, so if you apply for a 
job, 
you 
won’t 
be 
discriminated 
against. 
Unfortunately, this charitable choice 
thing kind of redefines the victim of 
discrimination. When somebody applies 
for a job under charitable choice and is 
told, ‘‘We don’t hire your kind because 
you are the wrong religion,’’ we have 
redefined the victim in that as the 
agency discriminating because if we 
don’t let them discriminate, we are 
violating their religious liberty. 
What about the person who applied 
for the job? They have been denied a 
job solely on the basis of religion. It is 
my view that that is the one who needs 
the protection. We don’t need to pro-
tect the right to discriminate. 
In fact, that is why a broad coalition 
of civil rights, labor, and health orga-
nizations supports the removal of the 
language that allows that kind of dis-
crimination, and that is in the letter 
that the chairwoman has offered. 
That letter says, in part: ‘‘Charitable 
choice does not protect religious free-
dom; rather, it uses the guise of reli-
gious freedom to justify discrimination 
against employees and put people who 
need government services at risk.’’ 
I think it is time that this language 
be removed, as this bill before us does, 
so that the real victims of discrimina-
tion 
who 
are 
being 
discriminated 
against can get the protection of the 
Federal Government as they have since 
the 1964 civil rights bill. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
Madam Speaker, if CSBG programs 
were fulfilling their statutory purpose, 
we would be hearing lots of numbers of 
people lifted out of poverty. But those 
numbers have been notably absent in 
the committee debate and here today. 
We have been given no proof, no proof 
at all, that these programs are working 
as they have been set up. We are asking 
hardworking taxpayers—let me repeat 
that—hardworking taxpayers to give 
money to support these programs that 
have no accountability. 
The goal is to take people out of pov-
erty and have them become hard-
working taxpayers to balance out the 
burden here in this country, but that is 
not happening, Madam Speaker. 
This bill would appropriate $1 billion. 
I said in my opening comments that we 
are $30 trillion in debt. We are going to 
add to our debt with this program with 
no accountability. We should not spend 
a dime of taxpayer dollars without 
knowing that those dollars are being 
spent effectively. 
Republicans 
support 
commonsense 
efforts to fight poverty and provide a 
safety net for Americans truly in need. 
We want to make our Nation’s anti-
poverty programs the best they can be, 
a streamlined network that specifi-
cally focuses on aiding those in dire 
need and helps lift them out of poverty, 
but that is not what we have here. 
H.R. 5129 fails to reform CSBG. In 
fact, the program widely expands the 
pool of eligible beneficiaries, leaving 
those most in need with fewer re-
sources. 
It goes along with other programs 
that my colleagues on the other side of 
the aisle and the Biden administration 
keep proposing, and that is to put more 
people in dependency in this country, 
not make them independent. 
It also attacks religious liberty. I be-
lieve my colleagues have basically ad-
mitted that in the last few minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:47 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00018
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.013
H13MYPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 17-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4941 
May 13, 2022 
Over 19,000 vital faith-based organiza-
tions work tirelessly to help their com-
munities through the CSBG program. 
Yet, H.R. 5129 sets a terrible and de-
structive precedent. Preventing faith- 
based organizations from competing for 
grants while remaining true to their 
religious character means fewer low-in-
come Americans will receive the help 
they need. 
This legislation is another Wash-
ington-knows-best approach that will 
keep Americans dependent on hard-
working taxpayers’ dollars. My col-
leagues should reject this legislation, 
and I yield back the balance of my 
time. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself the balance of my time. 
Madam Speaker, I include in the 
RECORD a Statement of Administration 
Policy from the Executive Office of the 
President supporting H.R. 5129 and 
praising the legislation’s commitment 
to ensuring that communities have the 
tools they need to address poverty and 
achieve economic mobility. 
STATEMENT OF ADMINISTRATION POLICY 
H.R. 5129—COMMUNITY SERVICES BLOCK GRANT 
MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2022—REP. BONAMICI, 
D–OR, AND 126 COSPONSORS 
The Administration supports the poverty- 
fighting goals of H.R. 5129, the Community 
Services Block Grant Modernization Act of 
2022, to provide states, territories, and Tribes 
with resources for critical community serv-
ices. This legislation will reauthorize the 
Community Services Block Grant (CSBG) for 
a decade and help ensure that communities 
have the tools they need to fight poverty and 
build economic mobility. 
The CSBG has been supporting tribal and 
local governments and community organiza-
tions across the country for over 50 years 
with funding to help them serve low-income 
individuals and families. Local administra-
tion of some of the most essential commu-
nity programs—such as job training and 
placement, food and nutrition assistance, 
Head Start, housing and homelessness assist-
ance, and the Low Income Home Energy As-
sistance Program—is supported by CSBG 
funds. While these services and strategies 
have always been key to helping Americans 
get ahead and stay ahead, the COVID–19 pan-
demic underscored just how vital it is to in-
vest in the organizations that deliver them. 
Faced with unprecedented demand and the 
operational challenges of the pandemic, the 
more than 1,000 organizations supported by 
CSBG continued working to help low-income 
communities address housing and food inse-
curity, provide high-quality early childhood 
education, and support individuals re-enter-
ing the workforce. Now, as this Administra-
tion works to build a strong and equitable 
recovery, it is more important than ever to 
invest in locally based solutions to the 
causes and conditions of poverty in commu-
nities. 
The CSBG update proposed by this Act 
would result in greater equity for Tribes, ex-
panded income eligibility data moderniza-
tion, 
strengthened 
performance 
manage-
ment, and support for community-based 
services and strategies. In addition, this Act 
would support new broadband navigator ef-
forts and continues critical support for com-
munity economic development and rural de-
velopment 
activities. 
And 
reauthorizing 
CSBG for the first time since 1998 would pro-
vide organizations and the millions of fami-
lies they serve with the confidence and sta-
bility to make the long-term investments 
communities need. 
The Administration looks forward to work-
ing with Congress to ensure that this bipar-
tisan legislation achieves its purposes, con-
tinues expanding opportunity for all Ameri-
cans, and ultimately is enacted. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Speaker, I 
thank Representative MCCOLLUM
for 
supporting H.R. 5129. I am thankful for 
her leadership in the 116th Congress’ 
legislation to reauthorize CSBG and 
her continued strong support for this 
program. 
Madam Speaker, I also include in the 
RECORD letters from various organiza-
tions, individuals, and localities sup-
porting this bipartisan legislation to 
reauthorize this community services 
block grant. 
LOA, 
Roanoke, VA, April 19, 2022. 
Hon. SUZANNE BONAMICI, 
House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
Hon. GLENN THOMPSON, 
House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR REP. BONAMICI AND REP. THOMPSON: I 
am writing to you today to share my en-
dorsement of your bipartisan legislation that 
supports community action agencies, includ-
ing Total Action for Progress (TAP). I have 
the pleasure of serving on TAP’s board. H.R. 
5129, the Community Service Block Grant 
(CSBG) Modernization Act of 2022 is impor-
tant to me and our community. 
As you know, CSBG touches virtually 
every community in the United States. With 
90 percent of each state’s CSBG allocation 
being distributed to local Community Action 
Agencies (CAAs), our communities rely upon 
this unique flexible funding. CAAs, like TAP, 
use the funds to combat poverty and pro-
mote self-sufficiency, respond rapidly to un-
foreseen crises such as natural disasters and 
the COVID–19 pandemic and implement gap- 
filling activities that address unmet commu-
nity needs. Additionally, CAAs use CSBG to 
organize and support other local charities 
and community-based initiatives, ensuring 
services are streamlined and not duplicative. 
Without CSBG, every single community in 
America would be hurt. 
Your bill would codify critical updates to 
the program. It provides security and reli-
ability to communities across the country 
by authorizing CSBG for 10 years and ensur-
ing money flows in a timely manner. The 
crucial modernizations included in H.R. 5129, 
such as the new broadband navigator initia-
tive, will increase CAAs’ ability to respond 
to emerging needs. We are also pleased to see 
the emphasis on quality performance at the 
federal, state, and local level and that the es-
sential nature of CSBG as a locally-con-
trolled program is retained and bolstered. 
Because of H.R. 5129’s local impact in al-
most every county in the country, I join in 
support of the bill. It is hoped that Congress 
passes this essential piece of legislation 
quickly, thereby strengthening each commu-
nity in America. 
Sincerely, 
RON D. BOYD, 
President & CEO. 
RESCUE MISSION MINISTRIES, 
Roanoke, VA, April 19, 2022. 
Hon. SUZANNE BONAMICI, 
House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
Hon. GLENN THOMPSON, 
House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR REP. BONAMICI AND REP. THOMPSON: I 
am writing to you today to share my en-
dorsement of your bipartisan legislation that 
supports community action agencies, includ-
ing Total Action for Progress {TAP). I have 
the pleasure of serving on TAP’s board. H.R. 
5129, the Community Service Block Grant 
(CSBG) Modernization Act of 2022 is impor-
tant to me and our community. 
As you know, CSBG touches virtually 
every community in the United States. With 
90 percent of each state’s CSBG allocation 
being distributed to local Community Action 
Agencies (CAAs), our communities rely upon 
this unique flexible funding. CAAs, like TAP, 
use the funds to combat poverty and pro-
mote self-sufficiency, respond rapidly to un-
foreseen crises such as natural disasters and 
the COVID–19 pandemic and implement gap- 
filling activities that address unmet commu-
nity needs. Additionally, CAAs use CSBG to 
organize and support other local charities 
and community-based initiatives, ensuring 
services are streamlined and not duplicative. 
Without CSBG, every single community in 
America would be hurt. 
Your bill would codify critical updates to 
the program. It provides security and reli-
ability to communities across the country 
by authorizing CSBG for 10 years and ensur-
ing money flows in a timely manner. The 
crucial modernizations Included In H.R. 5129, 
such as the new broadband navigator initia-
tive, will increase CAAs’ ability to respond 
to emerging needs. We are also pleased to see 
the emphasis on quality performance at the 
federal, state, and local level and that the es-
sential nature of CSBG as a locally-con-
trolled program Is retained and bolstered. 
Because of H.R. 5129’s focal impact in al-
most every county in the country, I join in 
support of the bill. It Is hoped that Congress 
passes this essential piece of legislation 
quickly, thereby strengthening each commu-
nity in America. 
Sincerely, 
C. LEE CLARK, CEO. 
COUNTY OF ORLEANS, 
OFFICE FOR THE AGING, 
Albion, NY, April 14, 2022. 
Hon. SUZANNE BONAMICI, 
House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR REP. BONAMICI: We are writing to you 
today to share our enthusiastic endorsement 
of your bipartisan legislation, H.R. 5129, the 
Community Services Block Grant (CSBG) 
Modernization Act of 2022. 
As you know, CSBG touches virtually 
every community in the United States. With 
90 percent of each state’s CSBG allocation 
being distributed to local Community Action 
Agencies (CAAs), our communities rely upon 
this unique flexible funding. CAAs use it to 
combat poverty and promote self-sufficiency, 
respond rapidly to unforeseen crises such as 
natural disasters and the COVID–19 pan-
demic and implement gap-filling activities 
that address unmet community needs. Addi-
tionally, CAAs use CSBG to organize and 
support other local charities and commu-
nity-based initiatives, ensuring services are 
streamlined and not duplicative. Without 
CSBG, every single community in America 
would be hurt. 
Your bill would codify critical updates to 
the program. It provides security and reli-
ability to communities across the country 
by authorizing CSBG for 10 years and ensur-
ing money flows in a timely manner. The 
crucial modernizations included in H.R. 5129, 
such as the new broadband navigator initia-
tive, will increase CAAs’ ability to respond 
to emerging needs. We are also pleased to see 
the emphasis on quality performance at the 
federal, state and local level and that the es-
sential nature of CSBG as a locally-con-
trolled program is retained and bolstered. 
Because of H.R. 5129’s local impact in al-
most every county in the country, we join in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:47 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00019
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.014
H13MYPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 18-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4942 
May 13, 2022 
support of the bill. We hope Congress passes 
this essential piece of legislation quickly, 
thereby strengthening each community in 
America. 
Sincerely, 
MELISSA BLANAR, 
Director. 
CITY OF ROANOKE, 
OFFICE OF THE MAYOR, 
Roanoke, Virginia, April 18, 2022. 
Hon. SUZANNE BONAMICI, 
House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
Hon. GLENN THOMPSON, 
House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR
REPRESENTATIVE
BONAMICI
AND 
THOMPSON: We are writing to you today to 
share our endorsement of your bipartisan 
legislation that supports community action 
agencies, including Total Action for Progress 
(TAP) which assists citizens in our jurisdic-
tion. HR 5129, the Community Service Block 
Grant (CSBG) Modernization Act of 2022. 
As you know, CSBG touches virtually 
every community in the United States. With 
90 percent of each state’s CSBG allocation 
being distributed to local Community Action 
Agencies (CAAs), our communities rely upon 
this unique flexible funding. CAAs, like TAP, 
use the funds to combat poverty and pro-
mote self-sufficiency, respond rapidly to un-
foreseen crises such as natural disasters and 
the COVID–19 pandemic and implement gap- 
filling activities that address unmet commu-
nity needs. Additionally, CAAs use CSBG to 
organize and support other local charities 
and community-based initiatives, ensuring 
services are streamlined and not duplicative. 
Without CSBG, every single community in 
America would be hurt. 
Your bill would codify critical updates to 
the program. It provides security and reli-
ability to communities across the country 
by authorizing CSBG for 10 years and ensur-
ing money flows in a timely manner. The 
crucial modernizations included in HR 5129, 
such as the new broadband navigator initia-
tive, will increase CAAs’ ability to respond 
to emerging needs. We are also pleased to see 
the emphasis on quality performance at the 
federal, state, and local level and that the es-
sential nature of CSBG as a locally-con-
trolled program is retained and bolstered. 
Because of HR 5129’s local impact in al-
most every county in the country, I join in 
support of the bill. It is hoped that Congress 
passes this essential piece of legislation 
quickly, thereby strengthening each commu-
nity in America. 
Sincerely, 
Members of Roanoke City Council, Roa-
noke, Virginia: 
MAYOR SHERMAN P. LEA, 
SR., 
Mayor. 
PATRICIA WHITE-BOYD, 
Vice-Mayor. 
WILLIAM BESTPITCH, 
Council Member. 
VIVIAN SANCHEZ-JONES, 
Council Member. 
JOSEPH COBB, 
Council Member. 
STEPHANIE MOON 
REYNOLDS, 
Council Member. 
Ms. 
BONAMICI. 
Madam 
Speaker, 
millions of families and individuals 
across our country benefit from the lo-
cally driven antipoverty programs and 
services backed by the community 
services block grant program. We are 
here today to make sure it continues 
to meet their needs and the unique 
needs of our communities. 
I am pleased that the House is taking 
up this long-overdue update to the 
community services block grant pro-
gram with strong bipartisan support. 
CSBG 
enables 
community 
action 
agencies to be innovative, leverage 
public and private resources for their 
communities, and cost-efficiently ad-
minister many programs, including 
Head Start, LIHEAP, nutrition assist-
ance, 
weatherization, 
job 
training, 
housing, and assistance for those expe-
riencing homelessness. 
This 
bipartisan 
legislation 
will 
strengthen funding for community ac-
tion agencies, raise the CSBG pro-
gram’s income eligibility threshold to 
expand its important services; promote 
innovation 
in 
the 
CAA 
network 
through a federally administered com-
munity action innovations program; 
and, importantly, modernizes account-
ability, which is an important part of 
the bill, and performance standards. 
The bottom line is that this legisla-
tion will better help low-income indi-
viduals and families achieve economic 
stability and access housing, childcare, 
utility assistance, employment, and 
other services. 
I, once again, urge my colleagues to 
support this important bipartisan bill 
to renew our Nation’s commitment to 
reducing poverty through community 
action, and I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. MCCOLLUM. Madam Speaker, I rise in 
strong support of H.R. 5129, the Community 
Services Block Grant Modernization Act of 
2022. This legislation renews the nation’s 
commitment to reducing poverty through an 
established network of more than 1,000 local 
Community Action Agencies. Having authored 
previous iterations of this legislation, and now 
being an original cosponsor with my good 
friend Congresswoman BONAMICI, I could not 
be more excited to advance this bill today. At 
a time when it seems like Congress can’t 
agree on anything, I am glad that we can 
show people that there are still issues that 
bring Democrats and Republicans together. 
And that’s exactly what CSBG has been doing 
for more than 50 years—bringing Americans 
together. 
For years, these agencies have served as 
incredible resources to help low-income fami-
lies escape poverty and better their sur-
rounding communities. These agencies served 
on the front lines against COVID–19, helping 
millions of Americans get through the pan-
demic. Just this past week, I visited the Com-
munity Action Partnership of Ramsey and 
Washington Counties where I saw first-hand 
the amazing work these people do for my con-
stituents. 
H.R. 5129 builds on this success by rein-
forcing existing efforts to improve the perform-
ance and management of Community Action 
at the federal, state, and local levels. 
I would like to thank my friends Congress-
woman BONAMICI and Congressman GLENN 
THOMPSON for advancing this essential legisla-
tion. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
Mr. SABLAN. Madam Speaker, H.R. 5129, 
the Community Services Block Grant Mod-
ernization Act, improves and expands access 
to the only federal program with the over-
arching goal of reducing poverty, regardless of 
cause or condition. Since Congress estab-
lished the predecessor of the Community 
Services Block Grant (CSBG) as part of Presi-
dent Lyndon B. Johnson’s ‘‘War on Poverty,’’ 
the program has helped people achieve eco-
nomic stability, secure meaningful employment 
and education, gain and improve job-related 
skills, and obtain housing. Such support is 
particularly crucial for communities in the 
Northern Mariana Islands, the U.S. Virgin Is-
lands, Guam, and American Samoa—where 
poverty rates are significantly higher than in 
the rest of America. In the Marianas, 52.3 per-
cent of the population is considered low-in-
come, according to census data. 
The Community Services Block Grant Mod-
ernization Act helps alleviate such poverty by 
increasing overall funding for the program, up-
dating eligibility guidelines, and eliminating the 
arbitrary grant allocations to the insular areas. 
H.R. 5129 provides an increased annual fund-
ing level of $1 billion for the first five years. 
The bill also permanently raises income eligi-
bility to 200 percent of the poverty line, as 
temporarily provided in the CARES Act, so 
more people can get the help they need. 
To better align funding allocations to the in-
sular areas to meet its anti-poverty mission, 
the Community Services Block Grant Mod-
ernization Act mandates a data-based formula 
and transparency in how that formula is cal-
culated. Under current law, the Secretary of 
Health and Human Services possesses total 
discretion to allocate CSBG funding based on 
what he or she ‘‘believes’’ the need is in each 
insular area. This changes under H.R. 5129. 
Language I included in the bill during the Edu-
cation and Labor Committee’s markup re-
quires the Secretary to base its grant alloca-
tions on the most recent census poverty data 
available. That allocation formula must be 
published publicly and updated no less fre-
quently than any time new applicable census 
data are available. Using a regularly updated, 
poverty-based formula will help ensure com-
munities receive the support necessary to 
serve individuals and families in need. 
At a time when communities nationwide 
continue to be impacted by the coronavirus 
pandemic, the improvements to the CSBG 
program under H.R. 5129 will increase help 
for the most vulnerable in our communities. 
b 1000 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate has expired. 
Each further amendment printed in 
part F of House Report 117–320 not ear-
lier considered as part of amendments 
en bloc pursuant to section 11 of House 
Resolution 1097, shall be considered 
only in the order printed in the report, 
may be offered only by a Member des-
ignated in the report, shall be consid-
ered as read, shall be debatable for the 
time specified in the report equally di-
vided and controlled by the proponent 
and an opponent, may be withdrawn by 
the proponent at any time before the 
question is put thereon, shall not be 
subject to amendment, and shall not be 
subject to a demand for division of the 
question. 
It shall be in order at any time after 
debate for the chair of the Committee 
on Education and Labor or his designee 
to offer amendments en bloc consisting 
of further amendments printed in part 
F of House Report 117–320, not earlier 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:43 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00020
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A13MY7.014
H13MYPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE
--

 -Page 19-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4943 
May 13, 2022 
disposed of. Amendments en bloc shall 
be considered as read, shall be debat-
able for 20 minutes equally divided and 
controlled by the chair and ranking 
minority member of the Committee on 
Education and Labor or their respec-
tive designees, shall not be subject to 
amendment, and shall not be subject to 
a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO. 1 OFFERED BY MS. 
BONAMICI OF OREGON 
Ms. 
BONAMICI. 
Madam 
Speaker, 
pursuant to section 11 of House Resolu-
tion 1097, I rise to offer amendments en 
bloc No. 1. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will designate the amendments 
en bloc. 
Amendments en bloc No. 1 consisting 
of amendment Nos. 1, 2, 6, 7, 8, 9, 11, 12, 
13, 14, 15, 16, and 17, printed in part F of 
House Report 117–320, offered by Ms. 
BONAMICI of Oregon: 
AMENDMENT NO. 1 OFFERED BY MS. ESCOBAR OF 
TEXAS 
Page 27, line 2, strike ‘‘and’’ at the end. 
Page 27, line 6, strike the period at the end, 
and insert ‘‘; and’’. 
Page 27, after line 6, insert the following: 
‘‘(iii) if appropriate, entities and organiza-
tions that support innovative community- 
based approaches and research driven re-
sponses to poverty.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO. 2 OFFERED BY MS. ADAMS OF 
NORTH CAROLINA 
Page 27, line 2, strike ‘‘and’’ at the end. 
Page 27, line 6, insert ‘‘and’’ at the end. 
Page 27, after line 6, insert the following: 
‘‘(iii) institutions of higher education, in-
cluding Historically Black Colleges and Uni-
versities, Tribal colleges and universities, 
and minority-serving institutions;’’. 
AMENDMENT NO. OFFERED BY MRS. HAYES OF 
CONNECTICUT 
Page 18, line 12, strike ‘‘and’’ at the end. 
Page 18, line 25, strike the period at the 
end and insert ‘‘; and’’. 
Page 18, after line 25, insert the following: 
‘‘(11) an assurance that the State will pro-
vide on its website— 
‘‘(A) a warning notice to caution individ-
uals that services under this subtitle are pro-
vided at no cost and that any questions re-
garding services provided under this subtitle 
should be directed to the State’s community 
services block grant coordinator; 
‘‘(B) a warning notice about verified scams 
or fraudulent activities related to the pro-
grams administered under this subtitle; and 
‘‘(C) information to direct individuals who 
believe they have been solicited for such a 
scam, fraudulent activity, or any form of 
payment to contact the Department of 
Health and Human Services’ (HHS) Fraud 
Hotline.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO. 7 OFFERED BY MR. HORSFORD 
OF NEVADA 
Beginning on page 41, strike line 19 and all 
that follows through line 2 on page 42, and 
insert the following: 
‘‘(iii) activities that train community serv-
ices network organizations, and their staff 
and board members, to effectively address 
the needs of low-income families and com-
munities through place-based strategies that 
address local causes and conditions of pov-
erty (including health inequities) through 
coordinated investment and integrated serv-
ice delivery; and.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO. 8 OFFERED BY MS. HOULAHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA 
Page 26, line 9, insert ‘‘(including behav-
ioral health needs)’’ after ‘‘needs’’. 
AMENDMENT NO. 9 OFFERED BY MS. JACKSON 
LEE OF TEXAS 
Page 62, after line 18, insert the following: 
‘‘SEC. 686A. GAO STUDY. 
‘‘Not later than 180 days after the effective 
date of the section, the Comptroller General 
of the United States shall conduct a study, 
and submit to the Secretary of Health and 
Human Service, and the committees of juris-
diction of the Congress the results of, a 
study of State usage and allocation of funds 
received under this subtitle over the pre-
vious 10–year period— 
‘‘(1) to identify the uses, programs, and ac-
tivities carried out with such funds that had 
the greatest impact, effectiveness, and re-
sults in achieving the purposes for which 
such funds were provided; 
‘‘(2) to identify best practices of States in 
implementing State plans and providing as-
sistance to community action agencies to 
carry out activities, so that such practices 
can be used as models for States to follow to 
carry out this subtitle in the future; and 
‘‘(3) to determine with respect to such 
funds— 
‘‘(A) the amount of such funds received by 
each State for a particular fiscal year in 
such 10-year period to carry out its approved 
State plan, that was not distributed to com-
munity action agencies and other eligible 
entities, and not obligated for subgrants 
under this subtitle, during such fiscal year; 
‘‘(B) the particular disposition by the 
State of the funds described in subparagraph 
(A) received by such State; 
‘‘(C) the amount of the funds described in 
subparagraph (A) received by such State that 
were retained by such State for allowed pur-
poses (including payment of administrative 
costs to carry out this subtitle); and 
‘‘(D) the amount of the funds described in 
subparagraph (A) received by such State that 
were expended by the State for a purpose not 
authorized under this subtitle and identifica-
tion of each such purpose.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO. 11 OFFERED BY MS. MOORE OF 
WISCONSIN 
Page 24, line 14, strike ‘‘and’’ at the end. 
Page 24, line 19, strike the period at the 
end and insert ‘‘; and’’. 
Page 24, after line 19, insert the following: 
‘‘(ix) providing support to eligible entities 
to identify and respond to food insecurity by 
assisting them in their efforts— 
‘‘(I) to provide nutritious foods to low-in-
come individuals, families, and communities; 
and 
‘‘(II) to support practices that promote 
healthy living.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO. 12 OFFERED BY MR. PAYNE OF 
NEW JERSEY 
Page 63, at the end of line 2, insert the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘Home repairs needed to ensure the imme-
diate health and safety of eligible low-in-
come individuals, including energy-related 
or water-related repairs, shall not be consid-
ered to be construction or permanent im-
provement for purposes of this section.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO. 13 OFFERED BY MR. PAYNE OF 
NEW JERSEY 
Page 26, line 13, insert ‘‘(which may in-
clude needs that arise due to a national or 
public health emergency)’’ after ‘‘needs’’, 
AMENDMENT NO. 14 OFFERED BY MS. PRESSLEY 
OF MASSACHUSETTS 
Page 26, line 25, insert ‘‘including through 
prevention and mitigation of trauma,’’ be-
fore ‘‘between’’. 
AMENDMENT NO. 15 OFFERED BY MS. TLAIB OF 
MICHIGAN 
Page 18, line 12, strike ‘‘and’’ at the end. 
Page 18, line 25, strike the period at the 
end and insert ‘‘; and’’. 
Page 18, after line 25, insert the following: 
‘‘(11) a description of how the State, and el-
igible entities in the State, will coordinate 
with other programs related to meeting crit-
ical household needs that address the pur-
poses of this subtitle, including with re-
sources that reduce the burden of energy and 
water utility costs.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO. 16 OFFERED BY MR. TORRES OF 
NEW YORK 
Page 43, line 4, insert ‘‘, including analysis 
of best practices in poverty reduction’’ be-
fore the period at the end. 
AMENDMENT NO. 17 OFFERED BY MS. WILD OF 
PENNSYLVANIA 
Page 20, after line 17, insert the following: 
‘‘(f) TRANSPARENCY.—Each eligible entity 
shall make available to the public on the eli-
gible entity’s website, the entity-wide stra-
tegic plan, community needs assessment, 
and community action plan,’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 1097, the gen-
tlewoman from Oregon (Ms. BONAMICI) 
and the gentlewoman from North Caro-
lina (Ms. FOXX) each will control 10 
minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Oregon. 
Ms. 
BONAMICI. 
Madam 
Speaker, 
these amendments en bloc containing 
additional 
Democratic 
amendments 
from my colleagues continue to im-
prove the implementation of the com-
munity services block grant program 
and 
strengthens 
partnerships 
with 
communities served by this program. 
Ms. ESCOBAR’s amendment adds enti-
ties who support innovative commu-
nity-based approaches and research- 
driven responses as partners for com-
munity action agencies in their work 
to broaden the resources directed to 
eliminating poverty. 
Ms. ADAMS’ amendment clarifies that 
institutions of higher education, in-
cluding HBCUs, TCUs, and MSIs, can 
be considered as partners for CSBG 
projects. 
Mrs. HAYES’ amendment ensures that 
States provide notice on their website 
that CSBG services are offered at no 
cost and information about fraudulent 
activity related to CSBG. 
Mr. HORSFORD’s amendment adds lan-
guage regarding Federal activities on 
place-based poverty alleviating strate-
gies, clarifying that they can address 
health inequities. 
Ms. HOULAHAN’s amendment updates 
the use of funds to include behavioral 
health needs that an eligible entity 
may use CSBG funds for. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE’s amendment re-
quires the Comptroller General to con-
duct a study to identify the uses, pro-
grams, and activities that have the 
greatest impact and uses of funds 
under the program. 
Ms. MOORE’s amendment authorizes 
States to use their statewide funds to 
ensure that eligible entities have the 
necessary supports to address food in-
security needs of low-income individ-
uals, families, and communities. 
Mr. PAYNE’s and Ms. TLAIB’s amend-
ments ensure that CSBG funds can be 
used for home repairs for health and 
safety, energy, and water for low-in-
come individuals. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:47 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00021
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.017
H13MYPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 20-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4944 
May 13, 2022 
Mr. PAYNE’s amendment clarifies 
that CSBG funds can be used to address 
emergency needs, including emergency 
needs due to a national or public 
health emergency. 
Ms. PRESSLEY’s amendment ensures 
that eligible entities take into account 
trauma 
prevention 
and 
mitigation 
when establishing partnerships to pro-
mote healthy communities. 
Ms. TLAIB’s, Mr. PAYNE’s, Ms. NEW-
MAN’s, 
Ms. 
BARRAGA´ N’s, 
and 
Mr. 
TORRES of New York’s amendments add 
a requirement for the State to describe 
how the State and eligible entities will 
coordinate programs related to utility 
and water assistance services. 
Mr. TORRES of New York’s amend-
ment revises the reporting require-
ments of the Community Action Inno-
vations Program to include an analysis 
of best practices for reducing poverty. 
And Ms. WILD’s amendment requires 
that eligible entities post their stra-
tegic plan, community needs assess-
ment, and community action plan on 
their website. 
These amendments en bloc contain 
commonsense proposals that strength-
en the underlying bill. I thank my col-
leagues 
for 
their 
contributions. 
I 
strongly urge support of the amend-
ments en bloc and the underlying bill, 
and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I rise in 
opposition to the amendment. 
Madam Speaker, while the amend-
ments before us include some positive 
reforms to improve accountability and 
transparency in the community serv-
ices block grant program, there are un-
fortunately 
several 
problematic 
amendments in the mix that outweigh 
the improvements and require me to 
oppose them when considered together. 
These amendments are duplicative, 
add additional requirements to the pro-
gram, and lessen accountability. 
It is critical to streamline anti-
poverty programs to make them work 
for low-income Americans. But instead, 
these amendments layer on duplication 
and move us in the opposite direction. 
I cannot agree to add more ineffi-
ciency to an already ineffective pro-
gram, and therefore, cannot support 
the Democrat amendments before us 
today. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from 
Nevada (Mr. HORSFORD). 
Mr. HORSFORD. Madam Speaker, I 
rise today in support of my amend-
ment, which will ensure we address the 
impacts health inequities have on cre-
ating and exacerbating poverty within 
our communities. 
As my constituents and far too many 
Americans know, unequal access to 
quality healthcare can be financially 
crushing. 
Whether an individual is too sick to 
work and cannot receive adequate care 
or the care they received was very ex-
pensive 
and 
inadequate, 
we 
know 
health inequity is a root cause of pov-
erty in Nevada and across the country. 
We cannot combat poverty without 
recognizing the role that health inequi-
ties play to perpetuate the cycle of 
poverty. 
Through my work coleading the 
Ways and Means Committee’s Racial 
Equity Initiative, I have seen firsthand 
just how valuable data can be when we 
are examining disparities. 
In our healthcare system, the data 
speaks for itself. In my State of Ne-
vada, African Americans and Latinos 
are twice as likely as their White coun-
terparts to develop asthma. This and 
other chronic illnesses exacerbate dis-
parities due to their inherently perva-
sive nature. 
To combat this, I urge my colleagues 
to support my amendment and the 
CSBG Modernization Act in a bipar-
tisan manner. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman 
from Pennsylvania (Ms. HOULAHAN). 
Ms. HOULAHAN. Madam Speaker, I 
rise today in support of my amendment 
that ensures that States and other eli-
gible entities under the Community 
Services Block Grant Modernization 
Act of 2022 can utilize funds for behav-
ioral health purposes. 
These past 2 years have had a dev-
astating effect on the physical and 
mental health of people across the Na-
tion, especially those who live in pov-
erty or in under-resourced areas. 
In my district, we have seen hos-
pitals shuttered, families suffer, and 
young 
people 
facing 
unprecedented 
mental health challenges. 
By adding explicit language on be-
havioral health to this bill, we under-
score the heightened need for increased 
resources to reach those that are un-
derserved and most at risk. 
Thankfully, recipients like my home 
State of Pennsylvania are already re-
ceiving funding through this grant pro-
gram to alleviate the causes of poverty 
and provide opportunities for employ-
ment. 
But the community services block 
grant program must emphasize that in 
order for States to truly attack the 
root causes of poverty, they must ad-
dress the rising rate of mental illness 
and substance abuse disorders. 
Just yesterday, the CDC announced 
that there were more than 100,000 drug 
overdoses in 2021, a record high, and a 
15 percent increase from 2020. This data 
shows that something must change. 
We all know that for people to par-
ticipate meaningfully in the workforce 
and to achieve self-sufficiency, they 
need the tools, first and foremost, to 
address their physical, mental, and be-
havioral health. 
As a prior businessowner, I under-
stand the importance of this firsthand, 
because America thrives when our 
workers thrive. 
Community services block grants 
have been successful in supporting 
those who are most underserved across 
our communities for decades. 
Let’s, please, build on this mission 
and ensure that the program meets the 
needs of our diverse 21st century com-
munities and workers. 
I ask my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on 
this amendment. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman 
from 
Connecticut 
(Mrs. 
HAYES), 
a 
member of the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor. 
Mrs. HAYES. Madam Speaker, I rise 
to offer an amendment to protect com-
munities from malicious scams sur-
rounding 
the 
community 
services 
block grant program. 
The CSBG program is absolutely crit-
ical to the empowerment of vulnerable 
communities. Funding from the CSBG 
program has helped nine community 
action agencies in my State serve 
107,000 families and 260,000 individuals. 
It has helped over 81,000 households 
avoid crisis with energy assistance and 
nearly 17,000 people avoid hunger with 
emergency or supplemental food and 
enrolled 
5,600 
children 
in 
early 
childcare services. 
Additionally, these agencies have 
helped nearly 11,000 people file their in-
come taxes, returning $8.5 million to 
my State’s economy. 
CSBG programs empower our com-
munities’ most vulnerable, which is 
why they are always offered free of 
charge. 
However, scammers across the coun-
try falsely purport to offer CSBG serv-
ices for a fee, preying on those in our 
community when they are most in need 
of help. We have seen a proliferation of 
fraud 
and 
scams 
throughout 
the 
COVID–19 pandemic when emergency 
Federal dollars were sent to States. 
These scams are illegal and morally 
reprehensible. It is our responsibility 
to ensure our communities are prop-
erly informed to combat predatory 
schemes. It is our responsibility to re-
inforce guardrails to protect the integ-
rity of these programs and ensure they 
fulfill their promises to our commu-
nities. 
My amendment would require that 
States provide easily accessible warn-
ings about verified scams as well as in-
formation on where to seek recourse 
should someone believe they are the 
victim of a CSBG-related scam. 
Making this information available 
will ensure that CSBG can continue to 
provide lifesaving services to commu-
nities without being subject to greed 
and mal-intent. This is a simple, com-
monsense amendment that the Con-
gressional Budget Office has certified 
as budget neutral. 
I urge my colleagues to vote in favor 
of this amendment and the underlying 
legislation. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Ms. 
BONAMICI. 
Madam 
Speaker, 
may I inquire how much time I have 
remaining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from Oregon has 21⁄2 minutes 
remaining. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:47 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00022
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.018
H13MYPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 21-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4945 
May 13, 2022 
Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 11⁄2 minutes to the gentlewoman 
from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, 
I thank the manager of the legislation 
and chairman of the committee for this 
important legislation. 
The 
Community 
Services 
Block 
Grant Modernization Act is extremely 
important. As we all know, this bipar-
tisan bill will bring about an enhanced 
ability to serve the community. 
The CSBG moneys are particularly 
important not only to rural areas but 
to urban areas. They are important as 
they relate to many issues, such as in 
my community dealing with over-
coming disasters. Those dollars are uti-
lized to ensure housing. 
I include in the RECORD an article en-
titled, ‘‘Black communities are last in 
line for disaster planning in Texas’’ 
and an article entitled, ‘‘5 years after 
Hurricane Harvey, many in Houston 
are still waiting for help.’’ 
[From the Washington Post, May 12, 2022] 
BLACK COMMUNITIES ARE LAST IN LINE FOR 
DISASTER PLANNING IN TEXAS 
HOUSTON.—Lawrence Hester worries every 
time it rains. 
During heavy storms, water overflows the 
dirt drainage ditch fronting his yard and the 
bayou at the end of his block—flooding the 
street, creeping up his front steps, pooling 
beneath the house, and trapping his family 
inside. 
‘‘We are always underwater here,’’ said 
Hester, 61. 
And yet, the state of Texas allocated none 
of the $1 billion in federal funds it received 
to protect communities from future disasters 
to neighborhoods in Houston that flood regu-
larly, according to an investigation by the 
U.S. Department of Housing and Urban De-
velopment. 
HUD has now found the exclusion of those 
majority Black and Hispanic urban commu-
nities to be discriminatory. The state ‘‘shift-
ed money away from the areas and people 
that needed it the most,’’ disproportionately 
benefiting White residents living in smaller 
towns, the agency concluded. 
Houston has faced seven federally declared 
disasters in the last seven years and suffered 
an estimated $2 billion in damage from Hur-
ricane Harvey in 2017. That storm devastated 
Kashmere Gardens, where Hester has lived 
his entire life. The floodwaters from Harvey 
deposited black mold throughout Hester’s 
home and left his daughter chronically short 
of breath. 
The state, which is appealing HUD’s find-
ings, denied discriminating, saying the Texas 
General Land Office administered the federal 
grant program based on HUD approval. 
The situation in Texas illustrates the chal-
lenge facing the Biden administration, which 
has pledged to focus on racial equity but is 
struggling to protect low-income commu-
nities of color from the growing threat of cli-
mate change. Even after HUD’s finding of 
discrimination, the agency said it does not 
have the power at this time to suspend the 
rest of the $4.3 billion in disaster mitigation 
money awarded to the state under criteria 
approved by the Trump administration. 
‘‘What is happening here with these federal 
dollars going through the state and not one 
dime coming to the City of Houston post- 
Hurricane Harvey is absolutely crazy, and it 
cannot be justified,’’ said Houston Mayor 
Sylvester Turner. ‘‘What do I say to the peo-
ple in Kashmere Gardens when these storms 
keep coming, and we are not putting in the 
infrastructure that they desperately need to 
mitigate the risk of future flooding?’’ 
Black and Hispanic communities in north-
east Houston, including Kashmere Gardens, 
are especially vulnerable to the more fre-
quent storms and catastrophic flooding ex-
pected due to climate change, according to 
the Federal Emergency Management Agen-
cy. Many of the residential streets lack 
curbs and gutters—common storm drainage 
infrastructure 
in 
predominantly 
White 
neighborhoods in Houston—and rely instead 
on open ditches dating back to the 1930s. 
‘‘Sometimes we can’t get out because the 
water is so high,’’ said Jackie Spradley, Hes-
ter’s wife. ‘‘You’re literally trapped until the 
water starts to subside.’’ She can’t get to 
work. Their 12-year-old daughter can’t get to 
school. 
The whoosh of traffic and trains permeates 
the triangular neighborhood of modest sin-
gle-family homes penned between two high-
ways and two sets of railroad tracks. During 
large storms, runoff from impervious high-
way surfaces flows onto residential streets. 
Piles of trash—old tires, mattresses, fur-
niture, 
home 
insulation—accumulate 
for 
weeks in the drainage ditches along many 
streets, blocking water from flowing through 
the ditches to the bayou. Silt and other de-
bris clog many of the culverts beneath nar-
row driveways and footpaths spanning the 
ditches. In the summers, standing water 
breeds mosquitoes. 
The city of Houston had hoped to use $95 
million 
in 
federal 
grants 
to 
upgrade 
Kashmere Gardens’ storm drainage infra-
structure. The proposed improvements, in-
cluding converting some of the ditches to a 
curb and gutter system, would have removed 
the flood risk to nearly 1,400 properties. 
But without the money, the city shelved 
those plans. 
Hester’s daughter Ashlei was 7 years old in 
2017 when Harvey floodwaters breached their 
family room, lapping at the legs of the card 
table on which the family played dominoes. 
Her cough worsened, and doctors prescribed 
four different medications for asthma. She 
was hospitalized in 2018 for more than a 
week. But doctors still did not know what 
was causing her illness. 
It wasn’t until December 2019, more than 
two years after Harvey, when Hester and his 
wife discovered the black mold that was 
making their daughter so sick. A city inspec-
tor recommended that the house be con-
demned. 
‘‘I was so ashamed,’’ Hester said. ‘‘We 
didn’t have nowhere else to go.’’ 
His mother had purchased the home in 
1960, paying the mortgage with wages from 
her job flipping burgers 16 hours a day. Hes-
ter was born in the house months later. 
He had stayed in the house after Hurricane 
Alicia flooded the home in 1983. And after 
Ike in 2008. Even after Harvey, Hester 
stayed, hoping to someday pass the three- 
bedroom ranch-style home onto his daugh-
ter. 
But Hester, who is on disability for herni-
ated disks in his back and neck from his 
years as a long-haul truck driver, and his 
wife, who sells insurance, never had the 
money to adequately repair the storm-rav-
aged roof and mold-covered walls. 
Hester said the city informed him after 
Harvey that he was ineligible for funding to 
fix the home because of unpaid property 
taxes. 
‘‘It’s not just about the storm drainage,’’ 
Hester said. ‘‘It’s about everything.’’ 
Hester said that the rainbow-hued oily 
waters he had splashed in while playing in 
the drainage ditches as a child had been pol-
luted with cancer-causing creosote used to 
treat wooden railroad ties and utility poles. 
A 2019 state health department investigation 
confirmed elevated cancer rates among resi-
dents in the southern end of Kashmere Gar-
dens, located near two Superfund sites. Resi-
dents fear that flooding will carry toxic de-
posits into their yards. 
Hester’s mother had died of cancer. So had 
his father. And one of his brothers. ‘‘Cancer 
is killing the whole neighborhood,’’ said Hes-
ter, who is too afraid to visit the doctor 
about his own health problems. 
Federal disaster mitigation grants are sup-
posed to improve the inferior flood infra-
structure in lower income communities. But 
the HUD investigation found that competi-
tion rules set by the Texas General Land Of-
fice unfairly favored smaller towns with less 
urgent needs and where residents are more 
likely to be White and less likely to be lower 
income. 
The state knowingly adopted scoring cri-
teria that prioritized lower-density areas and 
excluded communities that HUD designated 
as the most impacted by disasters from half 
the grants, HUD said. 
‘‘Because the criteria had these unjustified 
discriminatory effects, their use failed to 
comply with HUD’s regulations,’’ the agency 
found. 
No other state adopted Texas’ method of 
distributing the funds, according to HUD’s 
Office of Fair Housing and Equal Oppor-
tunity. The agency concluded that without 
Texas’s discriminatory criteria, nearly four 
times as many Black residents and more 
than twice as many Hispanic residents would 
have benefited from the grants. 
The General Land Office said in its April 1 
appeal that the state ‘‘does not discriminate, 
and the projects it has funded help minority 
beneficiaries across Texas.’’ The state said 
more than two-thirds of residents in commu-
nities that received awards are Black, His-
panic or Asian. The state pointed out that 
its plan was approved two years ago and 
characterized HUD’s new objections as ‘‘po-
litically motivated.’’ 
In addition to Houston and surrounding 
Harris County, the General Land Office de-
nied grants to the predominantly Black and 
Hispanic cities of Port Arthur, Beaumont 
and Corpus Christi as well as Jefferson and 
Nueces counties—all of which experienced 
significant flooding from Harvey, according 
to the civil rights complaint. Texas Housers, 
a nonprofit focused on housing in low-income 
communities, and Northeast Action Collec-
tive, a grassroots advocacy group of Houston 
residents, filed the complaint with HUD last 
year. 
Instead, funds were steered toward inland, 
Whiter communities that were far less se-
verely impacted by hurricanes and used to 
fund routine infrastructure, the complaint 
said. That includes $17.5 million for a new 
community center in Caldwell County that 
is supposed to double as an evacuation cen-
ter; $10.8 million to install a sewage system 
in the 379-person town of Iola; $6 million for 
a new sheriff’s department radio tower and 
radios for Gonzales County; and $4.2 million 
for a 2,000-foot-long road in Bastrop County 
to connect a Walmart parking lot and a 
Home Depot, justified as an alternate path 
for emergency vehicles in case the adjacent 
freeway is clogged with hurricane evacuees 
from the Gulf Coast 161 miles away. 
‘‘These mitigation funds are a strategy to 
undo the systemic racism of the past, but 
that’s not what we’re seeing Texas inter-
ested in at all,’’ said John Henneberger, co- 
director of Texas Housers. ‘‘This is a test of 
how serious HUD and the Biden administra-
tion are in enforcing civil rights.’’ 
HUD’s Office of Community Planning and 
Development, which oversees disaster miti-
gation aid, wrote to the Texas General Land 
Office in March expressing ‘‘grave concerns’’ 
over the distribution of the first round of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:47 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00023
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.019
H13MYPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 22-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4946 
May 13, 2022 
grants. ‘‘The State has not identified a plan 
to 
protect 
communities 
while 
guarding 
against competition criteria that could dis-
advantage minority residents,’’ HUD wrote. 
If a voluntary resolution cannot be reached, 
HUD said it could refer the matter to the De-
partment of Justice for enforcement. 
But advocates worry that could come too 
late for communities like Kashmere Gar-
dens. 
While HUD said it cannot stop the state 
from awarding the rest of the grants ‘‘due to 
prior decisions,’’ it would begin monitoring 
how the money is distributed and warned it 
could claw back the funds if necessary. 
‘‘Texas has a history of sending money to 
those who are politically connected,’’ said 
Shannon Van And, a professor of urban plan-
ning at Texas A.M. University whose re-
search focuses on hazard reduction and hous-
ing. She noted that racial disparities oc-
curred with the distribution of disaster funds 
after Hurricane Ike in 2008. 
Civil rights advocates say HUD has the au-
thority to suspend Texas’s ability to spend 
federal grant money; it has done so under 
previous administrations. But Sara Pratt, 
former deputy assistant secretary in HUD’s 
fair housing office who is now representing 
Texas Housers as an attorney, said there is 
longstanding division among HUD staff over 
enforcing civil rights violations when mak-
ing funding decisions. 
‘‘There is deep disagreement internally,’’ 
Pratt said. ‘‘The secretary’s job is to resolve 
disputes like this.’’ 
HUD Secretary Marcia L. Fudge declined 
to comment because the Texas investigation 
remains open, HUD spokesman Michael 
Burns said. 
‘‘Her commitment to civil rights and fair 
housing is well documented and unwavering, 
and she is committed to ensuring that all 
HUD funds are used in compliance with all 
relevant laws and program requirements,’’ 
Burns said. 
In response to widespread criticism over 
how the first $1 billion in Harvey disaster 
grants was distributed, Texas now plans to 
allocate $750 million to Harris County. Hous-
ton is due to receive an additional $9 million 
out of $488 million that the state plans to 
send to the Houston-Galveston region. 
City officials point out that the $9 million 
amounts to less than one tenth of the cost of 
its proposed improvements to Kashmere Gar-
dens. 
In Kashmere Gardens on a recent morning 
after a thunderstorm inundated streetside 
drainage ditches, bulldozers and dump trucks 
worked to widen and deepen Hunting Bayou 
to absorb runoff from future storms. 
The work is a small portion of a $2.5 billion 
flood protection bond that Harris County 
passed in 2018. The bulk of the bond money 
was directed to wealthier neighborhoods be-
cause the county expected to receive federal 
disaster funds for poorer ones, according to 
county commissioner Rodney Ellis. 
But without money to upgrade the ditch 
system to drain storm water from neighbor-
hood streets, it’s unclear if the bayou expan-
sion will be effective. 
‘‘This is the Texas two-step in Houston. 
You have to get the water from the neigh-
borhoods to the bayous. And then you have 
to get the water from the bayous to the Gulf 
of Mexico,’’ said Ellis, who represents the 
area. 
Residents, too, remain skeptical. 
‘‘It’s a wait and see situation,’’ said Doro-
thy Wanza, another Kashmere Gardens resi-
dent whose street turned into a river during 
Harvey and flooded her home with more than 
a foot of water. The experience left the 80- 
year-old so traumatized that ‘‘every time it 
rains, I get the hell out of dodge.’’ 
She spent the previous night fully dressed, 
prepared to evacuate to one of her children’s 
homes. ‘‘The ditches overflow, and once they 
are full, the water comes back on you,’’ 
Wanza said. 
On the other side of the bayou, Hester said 
the city had recently cleaned out part of a 
ditch lining his street for the first time he 
could recall in more than a decade. Dirt and 
bricks still block some of the culverts. 
‘‘Right up under there, look,’’ he said, 
pointing beneath the concrete walkway lead-
ing from the street to his front yard. ‘‘It’s 
stopped up on both sides.’’ 
He nodded farther down the street to an-
other culvert: ‘‘That whole drain hole was 
flooded.’’ He and his next door neighbor had 
removed as many bricks as they could to 
move the water through. ‘‘If we don’t do 
things around here, ain’t nothing going to 
get done. I have to go around here and try to 
help, and I’m in bad shape myself.’’ 
Hester limped around the perimeter of his 
home and pointed two feet up the siding 
where Harvey floodwaters had reached—a re-
minder of the catastrophe he says he failed 
to protect his daughter from. 
A nonprofit had removed the mold inside 
when it fixed up the house in 2020, installing 
new cabinets, a new roof and laminate floor-
ing. 
But the entryway still slopes. The floor 
joists need to be repaired. The porch is lop-
sided, its wood rotted. 
Hester is stooped from years of pain. Yet 
he remains intent on doing what he can to 
make things right. 
‘‘It’s not my life I’m worried about. It’s my 
daughter’s,’’ Hester said. ‘‘I’m half dead.’’ 
[From Grist, April 14, 2022] 
5 YEARS AFTER HURRICANE HARVEY, MANY IN 
HOUSTON ARE STILL WAITING FOR HELP 
In Billy Guevara’s neighborhood on the 
northeast side of Houston, people get nerv-
ous when it rains. Old ditches strain under 
the deluge of a Gulf storm, and mud and 
water fill the streets. Guevara, a writer who 
is blind, once had a seeing-eye dog that 
would navigate around the ankle-deep pud-
dles and lingering muck. ‘‘It became unsafe 
because I ended up having to walk almost in 
the middle of the street,’’ he said. ‘‘It stays 
there for days.’’ 
Guevara is a member of the Northeast Ac-
tion Collective, a community group pushing 
the city and Harris County for equitable in-
vestments in flood control. He says drainage 
in his neighborhood of Lakewood is out-
dated: ‘‘It cannot handle the type of rain 
that we see now.’’ When Hurricane Harvey 
hit in 2017, homes across many of northeast 
Houston’s Black and Hispanic neighborhoods 
flooded, swamped under 30 inches of rain in 
what was the country’s costliest disaster 
that year. Under the rush of water, one of 
the walls in Guevara’s home began to bulge 
out. 
Years after Harvey, little aid has made it 
to the people of Houston. The federal govern-
ment budgeted some $9.3 billion so that com-
munities could not only rebuild, but also 
better prepare for the next storm. But city 
and regional governments have delivered lit-
tle of those funds, and a state agency’s 
‘‘competition’’ has held back aid that the 
Department of Housing and Urban Develop-
ment designated for post-Harvey mitigation, 
money which would have helped upgrade 
drainage systems. As a result, low-income 
communities like Guevara’s have been left 
out of much-needed infrastructure improve-
ments. 
Without their fair share of aid, commu-
nities struggling to rebuild will be just as 
vulnerable when the next storm comes, advo-
cates say. These obstacles also expose weak-
nesses in HUD’s recently created mitigation 
program, which aims to help reduce risks 
from future climate disasters. 
Hurricane Harvey flooded nearly 100,000 
homes in Houston, inflicting $16 billion in 
residential damage. Guevara had growing 
mold, damaged floors, and a leaking pipe. 
With a small FEMA grant and the help of 
local nonprofits, he was eventually able to 
repair his home. 
But today, thousands in Houston still wait 
for funds to rebuild. Disaster recovery aid 
through HUD often comes with significant 
delays since the program is ad hoc, requiring 
Congress to approve spending for each dis-
aster. In 2018, HUD allocated $5 billion to 
Texas through its Community Development 
Block Grant Disaster Recovery program, 
which is designed to help with long-term re-
building. 
HUD had sent the money to the Texas Gen-
eral Land Office, or GLO, the state agency 
run by George P. Bush, grandson of former 
President George H. W. Bush, which is re-
sponsible for public lands, mineral rights, 
and the Alamo historical site, as well as dis-
aster recovery. In turn, the state agency 
gave Houston’s share to the city, but didn’t 
entirely relinquish control, continuing to 
oversee how funds were doled out. The city 
and state agency squabbled over how to run 
things, and when HUD began an audit of the 
program, the fight escalated, eventually 
making its way to the Texas Supreme Court. 
In October 2020, the feud ended with the state 
seizing control of the program. 
All the while, many residents remained in 
dangerous living conditions, stuck in homes 
with leaking roofs and mold-filled walls, said 
Becky Selle, a codirector at the grassroots 
group West Street Recovery. It’s unclear 
whether those waiting will ever get assist-
ance. In January, when HUD published its 
audit, only 297 of nearly 8,800 applicants had 
received funds. (The state has until August 
2025 to use the money.) 
The struggle to access federal aid extended 
far beyond homeowner’s assistance. Harvey 
was among the first disasters for which 
HUD’s 
Community 
Development 
Block 
Grant Disaster Recovery program made 
money available for mitigation projects like 
widening bayous, upgrading water and sewer 
systems, or buying out flood-prone homes. 
This marked a major shift: While disaster re-
covery funds had to be tied to damage from 
a specific disaster, the $4.3 billion mitigation 
fund could be used to improve conditions, 
making communities safer. 
Houston and Harris County accounted for 
more than half of Texas’ damage from Hurri-
cane Harvey, but when the GLO released its 
spending plan in December 2019, city officials 
feared Houston wouldn’t get its fair share. 
Because there weren’t enough funds for 
every proposed project, the state’s land of-
fice set up a competition in which jurisdic-
tions would apply for a slice of the $1 billion 
in the initial round. HUD identified 20 main-
ly coastal counties, including Harris County, 
that were most distressed by Hurricane Har-
vey and would be eligible for funds. The land 
office then expanded the list, adding coun-
ties that fell under the umbrella of the origi-
nal FEMA disaster declaration in 2017. That 
more than doubled the list with more rural, 
inland counties like Milam, 200 miles from 
the coast. 
When results from the competition came 
out last May, Houston didn’t get a cent. The 
city’s requests for $470 million worth of 
projects, like flood control in the majority- 
Black 
neighborhoods 
Sunnyside 
and 
Kashmere Gardens, were rejected. So was the 
$200 million watershed improvement plan for 
the flood-prone Halls Bayou, which is sur-
rounded by some of Houston’s poorest neigh-
borhoods. ‘‘For the State GLO not to give 
one dime in the initial distribution to the 
city and a very small portion to Harris Coun-
ty shows a callous disregard to the people of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:47 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00024
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A13MY7.031
H13MYPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE
--

 -Page 23-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4947 
May 13, 2022 
Houston and Harris County,’’ Houston Mayor 
Sylvester Turner said in a state1nent at the 
time. 
Instead, funds largely went to smaller, 
whiter, inland towns. They went to drainage 
upgrades in Rockdale, a two-hour drive 
northwest of Houston, and sewage improve-
ments in Nixon, a small town outside San 
Antonio that emerged from Harvey un-
scathed and sheltered evacuees fleeing the 
storm. ‘‘The more that we’re giving this 
money to inland counties and jurisdictions, 
we are actually taking away from where we 
truly need the money and where the money 
was originally intended to assist commu-
nities,’’ said Julia Ordun˜ a, the southeast 
Texas regional director at Texas Housers, a 
low-income housing group. 
After the snub, the city of Houston hoped 
for a second chance when the Houston-Gal-
veston Area Council, a regional council span-
ning 13 counties, planned to deal out its own 
pool of the funds. But in February, the coun-
cil granted just 2 percent of its $488 million 
to the city, which represents around 30 per-
cent of the council’s population. 
According to the council, Houston and 
Harris County didn’t need much more than 
that because the GLO planned to grant the 
county a direct payment of $750 million—a 
promise only made after the first competi-
tion received intense criticism. But that 
wasn’t a fair consideration, according to 
Mayor Turner, since that grant had yet to be 
approved. 
Last June, the Northeast Action Collective 
and Texas Housers filed a civil rights com-
plaint with HUD, alleging that the GLO dis-
criminated against Black and Hispanic resi-
dents. In a recent letter sharing the findings 
of its investigation, the federal agency sided 
with the organizations, saying the competi-
tion ‘‘substantially and predictably dis-
advantaged minority residents, with particu-
larly disparate outcomes for Black resi-
dents.’’ 
A major issue, according to HUD, was that 
the state agency split the competition in 
two. Half the funds were reserved for coun-
ties that the federal government had identi-
fied as hardest hit by Harvey—where Black 
and Hispanic residents were most likely to 
live—while the other half went to more 
rural, inland counties included on the state’s 
expanded list, which tended to be whiter. 
At minimum, HUD required that half of 
the funds would go to communities on its 
list of hardest-hit counties. While the state 
agency met that requirement, dividing the 
competition in two also meant awards to 
those counties would be capped at 50 percent. 
But those counties represented 90 percent of 
the population in the entire competition, 
amounting to much less money available for 
Black and Hispanic residents. 
After the winners were announced in May 
2021, 
GLO 
spokeswoman 
Brittany 
Eck 
backed the results in a statement to the 
Houston Chronicle. ‘‘It is important that 
Texas inland counties are resilient as they 
provide vital assistance to our coastal com-
munities during events such as asset staging, 
evacuations, sheltering, and emergency re-
sponse/recovery,’’ she said. 
The competition favored smaller commu-
nities. A flood control project in Houston’s 
mostly Black and Hispanic neighborhood of 
Kashmere Gardens, HUD’s letter explained, 
would have helped 8,845 residents. But Hous-
ton’s total population is 2.3 million, so the 
project scored less than 1 out of 10 points be-
cause it would help only a small percentage 
of residents. On the other hand, the city of 
Iola applied for a wastewater project that all 
379 of its residents would gain from. It scored 
10 out of 10, and the project was funded. 
In an email to Grist, Eck accused the fed-
eral agency of ‘‘blatant political theater.’’ 
She said GLO has complied with HUD’s re-
quirements, and now it’s being faulted for 
not ‘‘going above and beyond’’ to benefit 
even more minority residents than it already 
has. Eck said the land office is appealing 
HUD’s findings. 
‘‘GLO did not engage in discrimination, 
and HUD’s allegations amount to nothing 
more than unlawful attempts to ‘second- 
guess’ GLO’s open and transparent competi-
tion process, which was approved by HUD,’’ 
Eck said. 
When the state agency’s spending plan was 
still a draft, Madison Sloan, director of the 
disaster recovery and fair housing project at 
Texas Appleseed, a public interest justice 
center, sent a letter detailing concerns that 
its scoring system would divert money from 
the hardest-hit areas. ‘‘I don’t want to deny 
that communities all over the state need 
mitigation,’’ she said. ‘‘But when you look at 
where the damage was, where people are 
most vulnerable, it is the coast. What this 
represents is a missed opportunity to do 
some really largescale, meaningful mitiga-
tion on the coast that’s going to protect a 
lot of people.’’ 
These problems aren’t limited to Houston. 
Along the coast, other cities hit hard by Hur-
ricane Harvey, like Beaumont, Corpus Chris-
ti, and Port Arthur, lost out in the competi-
tion. In Port Arthur, where the poverty rate 
is twice the national average, floods pro-
pelled by nearly 50 inches of rain devastated 
the housing stock. Decades of underinvest-
ment have eroded residents’ ability to re-
cover from disasters, said Michelle Smith, 
marketing director at the Community In- 
Power and Development Association, Inc., an 
environmental justice group in the city. 
Some decided to leave Port Arthur entirely 
because ‘‘they had nothing to come back to,’’ 
she said. So it stung when the city’s proposal 
for a $97 million drainage project was re-
jected. 
Without these funds, communities that 
were poorly equipped for Harvey are just as 
vulnerable to the next storm. ‘‘This is an on-
going thing,’’ Smith said. ‘‘With each hurri-
cane, we continue to suffer because we’re not 
able to recover. The little bit that we can 
salvage is then taken away again and again 
and again.’’ 
Sloan thinks the whole situation exposes 
fissures in HUD’s mitigation program. It’s 
largely up to states to decide how to divvy 
up funds, but studies are needed in advance 
to ensure fair distribution, she said. That 
doesn’t just benefit the vulnerable; it could 
make the coast, as a whole, more resilient. 
‘‘Funding to areas where vulnerable people 
of color live is going to benefit plenty of 
white people, plenty of higher-income people 
who also live in those areas,’’ she said. ‘‘In 
this case, in general, equity means everyone 
wins.’’ 
After backlash followed the first competi-
tion, the state’s land office announced that 
it would give the remaining funds to regional 
bodies like the Houston-Galveston Area 
Council to distribute—the same entity that 
offered Houston a minuscule amount of fed-
eral aid. ‘‘The GLO’s solution to not doing a 
second competition was pushing the respon-
sibility to local jurisdictions,’’ said Ordun˜ a, 
who felt the new plan does not rectify HUD’s 
allegations of discrimination. 
There will be other storms to come, and 
Congress 
will 
eventually 
allocate 
more 
money to rebuild from them. When that hap-
pens, Billy Guevara, of the Northeast Action 
Collective, worries all the talk and reports 
will have been just that. ‘‘That’s our biggest 
fear,’’ he said. ‘‘Being overlooked again.’’ 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, 
my amendment is extremely impor-
tant. Very quickly, it deals with ac-
countability and performance improve-
ment. These are the objectives of my 
amendment. 
My amendment also deals with mak-
ing sure, through a GAO study, that 
CSBG has performed well; which pro-
grammatic activities, services, and 
other uses of funds were the most effec-
tive and had the greatest positive im-
pact; which administrative, organiza-
tional, 
structural, 
and 
operational 
strategies and tactics that were de-
ployed were most successful; how much 
of the CSBG funds were allocated to 
States for distribution to and use by 
community 
action 
agencies; 
and 
whether these grants retained by each 
State exceeded the percentage of such 
funds that were allowed to be retained. 
In effect, the GAO would be con-
ducting a performance audit of this 
program to position it for a fresh start 
by determining the extent to which 
these funds reached their intended 
beneficiaries. Many times, minorities, 
though it was directed for them, are 
disadvantaged because of the agency. 
Finally, the net result will be trans-
parency and improvement so that oth-
ers will be served and helped. I thank 
you for including it in the amendments 
en bloc. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of 
H.R. 5129, the ‘‘Community Service Block 
Grant Modernization Act of 2022.’’ I applaud 
Leadership for bringing H.R. 5129—which has 
strong bipartisan support—to the Floor for 
consideration and votes. 
For decades, the Community Service Block 
Grant (CSBG) has fueled a wide range of anti- 
poverty programs, activities, and services 
across the country. It has been profoundly 
beneficial, improving countless lives by helping 
Americans who are most in need of an assist, 
enabling them to rise up and access the path 
to a better quality-of-life. 
H.R. 5129 not only provides a long-overdue 
reauthorization of the program; it also im-
proves the CSBG in many ways, including by 
adding systems that will enhance the pro-
gram’s transparency, accountability, and eval-
uations in the future. 
Accountability and performance improve-
ment are also the objectives of the Jackson 
Lee amendment, through additional mecha-
nisms. My amendment would direct the Comp-
troller General of the GAO to study how the 
CSBG has performed over the past ten years, 
focusing on: 
which programmatic activities, services, and 
other uses of funds were the most effective 
and had the greatest positive impact on indi-
viduals and communities that the CSBG was 
designed to serve; 
which administrative, organizational, struc-
tural, and operational strategies and tactics 
that were deployed by states were the most 
productive, efficient, and successful, such that 
they should be considered as ‘‘best practices’’ 
for replication by other states going forward; 
how much of CSBG funds that were allo-
cated to states for distribution to, and use by, 
Community Action Agencies and other eligible 
entities were not fully disbursed by states to 
those intended recipients; and 
whether CSBG funds retained by each state 
exceeded the percentage of such funds that 
were allowed to be retained by the state for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:47 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00025
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A13MY7.027
H13MYPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 24-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4948 
May 13, 2022 
administrative and other permissible purposes, 
the amount that was retained in excess of 
what was allowed, and to what other uses 
those funds were applied or to what other ac-
count were they transmitted. 
In effect, the GAO would be conducting a 
‘‘performance audit’’ of the CSBG program to 
position it for a fresh start, citing its strengths 
and shortcomings, and making recommenda-
tions that will help states optimize their efforts 
in the years ahead. 
By determining the extent to which CSBG 
funds reached their intended beneficiaries and 
fulfilled their intended purpose, we will see 
which states have been conscientiously ad-
ministering the program, which could help cali-
brate future strategies to structure and monitor 
the program. 
The net result is that the GAO study and re-
port provided by the Jackson Lee amendment 
will provide transparency and accountability to 
the program’s recent past performance. The 
findings will enable the program, and the 
states that administer it, to learn from the past, 
adjust their programs to maximize results, and 
revitalize their efforts for each state’s next 
chapter of CSBG performance. 
Thank you, Madam Speaker, for bringing 
this very important bipartisan legislation to the 
Floor today. 
I urge all my colleagues to support the bill, 
including the Jackson Lee amendment and the 
entire en bloc amendment. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
b 1015 
Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself the balance of my time to 
close. 
Madam Speaker, once again, I reit-
erate that these amendments en bloc 
contain commonsense proposals that 
strengthen the underlying bill. I appre-
ciate my colleagues for their contribu-
tions and their strong support of im-
proving access to services, combating 
poverty, and uplifting low-income peo-
ple in our communities. 
I strongly urge support of the amend-
ments en bloc and the underlying bill, 
and I yield back the balance of my 
time. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time to close. 
My friends at home tell me all the 
time that they believe common sense is 
in short supply in Washington. I com-
pletely agree with them. It is prac-
tically nonexistent on the other side. 
Madam Speaker, we can exercise 
common sense by focusing on reform-
ing the Federal safety net so that pro-
grams pull people out of poverty and 
into self-sufficiency and not encour-
aging them to stay in dependency on 
the Federal Government. Adding more 
duplication and bureaucracy to the 
CSBG program will not accomplish 
that goal. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose these 
amendments and yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 1097, the pre-
vious 
question 
is 
ordered 
on 
the 
amendments en bloc offered by the 
gentlewoman 
from 
Oregon 
(Ms. 
BONAMICI). 
The question is on the amendments 
en bloc. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that 
the ayes appeared to have it. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 3(s) of House Resolution 
8, the yeas and nays are ordered. 
Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, fur-
ther proceedings on this question are 
postponed. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO. 2 OFFERED BY MS. 
BONAMICI OF OREGON 
Ms. 
BONAMICI. 
Madam 
Speaker, 
pursuant to section 11 of House Resolu-
tion 1097, I rise to offer amendments en 
bloc No. 2. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will designate the amendments 
en bloc. 
Amendments en bloc No. 2 consisting 
of amendment Nos. 3, 5, and 10, printed 
in part F of House Report 117–320, of-
fered by Ms. BONAMICI of Oregon: 
AMENDMENT NO. 3 OFFERED BY MR. GOOD OF 
VIRGINIA 
Page 28, after line 6, insert the following: 
‘‘(e) PROHIBITION.—Funds made available to 
carry out this subtitle shall not be used to 
provide direct payment or reimbursement 
for any health care services.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO. 5 OFFERED BY MR. GROTHMAN 
OF WISCONSIN 
Page 27, line 18, strike ‘‘200 percent of’’. 
Beginning on page 27, strike line 24 and all 
that follows through line 6 on page 28, and 
insert the following: 
‘‘(2) Whenever a State determines that it 
serves the objectives of the block grant pro-
gram established under this subtitle, the 
State may revise the poverty line not to ex-
ceed 125 percent of the poverty line other-
wise applicable under this paragraph.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO. 10 OFFERED BY MRS. MCCLAIN 
OF MICHIGAN 
Page 64 line 17, strike ‘‘or’’ at the end. 
Page 64, line 21, strike the period at the 
end and insert ‘‘; or’’. 
Page 64, after line 21, insert the following: 
(C) any voter registration activity. 
Page 65, line 5, strike ‘‘(c)’’ and insert 
‘‘(d)’’. 
Page 65, after line 4, insert the following: 
‘‘(c) PROHIBITION
ON LOBBYING.—No funds 
available to carry out this subtitle shall be 
used, directly or indirectly, to influence the 
issuance, amendment, or revocation of any 
executive order or similar promulgation by 
any Federal, State, or local agency, or to un-
dertake to influence the passage or defeat of 
any legislation by Congress, or by any State 
or local legislative body, or State proposals 
by initiative petition, except that the rep-
resentatives of the entity may testify or 
make other appropriate communication— 
‘‘(1) when formally requested to do so by a 
legislative body, a committee, or a member 
of the body or committee; or 
‘‘(2) in connection with legislation or ap-
propriations directly affecting the activities 
of the entity.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 1097, the gen-
tlewoman from Oregon (Ms. BONAMICI) 
and the gentlewoman from North Caro-
lina (Ms. FOXX) each will control 10 
minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Oregon. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Speaker, I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Madam Speaker, this en bloc in-
cludes several amendments that I be-
lieve would vastly improve the under-
lying legislation. 
First, one of the included amend-
ments will address a critical concern. I 
cannot support any legislation that 
opens the door for taxpayer funding of 
abortion, and this bill opens that door. 
The legislation includes vague lan-
guage allowing program funds to ad-
dress health needs and improve health 
and well-being. While this might sound 
nice at first blush, it hides a huge prob-
lem. I am concerned that instead of 
helping people receive high-quality 
healthcare, it will lead to taxpayer dol-
lars funding abortions. 
The majority of Americans oppose 
seeing their hard-earned dollars go to 
pay for abortions, and we must do all 
in our power to stop that from ever 
happening. This amendment will make 
sure that no taxpayer dollars are used 
to reimburse healthcare services. It 
will also ensure that taxpayer dollars 
are not used for experimental gender 
hormone medications or other harmful 
gender medical interventions. 
Additionally, this amendment takes 
the commonsense steps to prohibit tax-
payer dollars from funding lobbying ac-
tivities and voter registration activi-
ties. H.R. 5129 would allow program 
funds to be used for voter registration 
efforts. While getting more eligible in-
dividuals registered to vote is a worthy 
goal, we should not jeopardize the in-
tegrity of this program or let the next 
election distract from serving low-in-
come Americans. 
Finally, 
this 
amendment 
ensures 
that limited Federal funds are spent on 
those Americans most in need by main-
taining the poverty threshold that ex-
ists in current law. Increasing this 
threshold will just expand the pool of 
eligible participants and stretch re-
sources thinner. We need to tailor the 
program to ensure that Federal dollars 
serve those most in need. 
Madam Speaker, I hope my col-
leagues will support this group of 
amendments, and I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in strong op-
position to these amendments en bloc. 
The amendments contained in this en 
bloc are either a distraction from the 
bipartisan work we are doing today or 
fundamentally undermine the improve-
ments we are putting forth in this leg-
islation. Notably, this en bloc includes 
yet another Republican attack on 
women’s rights and liberty. 
Instead of focusing on what we have 
accomplished together to strengthen 
this program in a bipartisan way, some 
of my colleagues across the aisle are 
trying to further divide us. Madam 
Speaker, it has been 24 years since the 
last reauthorization of the community 
services block grant program in 1998. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:47 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00026
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A13MY7.022
H13MYPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 25-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4949 
May 13, 2022 
Our communities need a comprehen-
sive reauthorization, not a partisan 
controversy that will delay the urgent 
need to renew this program. 
From the beginning of the program, 
community action agencies have ad-
dressed the health needs of low-income 
individuals in their communities, par-
ticularly important to rural commu-
nities. The 1964 Economic Opportunity 
Act, which first authorized the commu-
nity action program, the predecessor to 
CSBG, specifies that such program 
shall be conducted in those fields with 
the purposes of this part, including em-
ployment, job training and counseling, 
and health, indicating that health has 
always been and continues to be a core 
part of addressing poverty conditions 
that is the central mission of these 
agencies. 
Additionally, this en bloc would seek 
to strip out language from H.R. 5129 al-
lowing CAAs, community action agen-
cies, to serve individuals up to 200 per-
cent of the Federal poverty line. 
Congress supported, in a bipartisan 
manner, allowing community action 
agencies to serve individuals up to 200 
percent of the poverty line to provide 
flexibility during the COVID–19 pan-
demic. The CARES Act, for example, 
the FY 2022 Labor/HHS appropriations 
bill, and the recently passed omnibus 
all included an allowance for CAAs to 
serve individuals up to 200 percent of 
the poverty line. 
The CSBG statute, which we know 
now is more than 20 years out of date, 
sets the income eligibility for CSBG 
services at 100 percent of the official 
poverty line or 125 percent if the State 
chooses. Currently, the very low-in-
come eligibility criteria—this is equiv-
alent to about $27,180 for a single per-
son in 2022—for CSBG creates a cliff. 
Individuals will be cut off from public 
assistance and services as soon as they 
make a dime over the income thresh-
old. 
We must remember that community 
action agencies are unique, as they do 
not operate a single program. Rather, 
CAAs operate and often coordinate an 
array of Federal, State, and local pro-
grams, all with varying eligibility re-
quirements. For example, more than 
half of community action agencies op-
erate the Weatherization Assistance 
Program. That uses 200 percent of the 
poverty income guidance as the eligi-
bility criteria. 
I will share a story of Daniel from 
North Dakota. When the pandemic 
struck, Daniel was working in a fast- 
food restaurant, and his hours were re-
duced. With his employment income, 
he is above the statutory 125 percent, 
but below the 200 percent flexibility 
Congress has provided with bipartisan 
support. Unfortunately, Daniel’s hous-
ing was unstable, and he was couch 
surfing. He received case management 
to assist with his housing search. 
Through CSBG funds provided under 
the CARES Act, he received assistance 
with a security deposit in February of 
2021. With this assistance, Daniel has 
maintained stable housing for over a 
year. 
Madam Speaker, Daniel’s story is 
just one example of why raising the 
Federal poverty level eligibility to 200 
percent is so critical to this legisla-
tion. Unlike the underlying legislation, 
these amendments en bloc would weak-
en CSBG, or it offers solutions in 
search of problems. 
One of the needless proposals in this 
en bloc actually duplicates the current 
funding restriction in the bill and stat-
ute for voter registration activities 
which, of course, are nonpartisan ac-
tivities. 
Madam Speaker, we are here today to 
support a bipartisan CSBG reauthoriza-
tion and the important work of com-
munity action agencies in our commu-
nities. These amendments en bloc 
would move us backward. I strongly 
urge my colleagues to reject these 
amendments in this en bloc and sup-
port the underlying bill, and I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I yield 
31⁄2 minutes to the gentleman from Vir-
ginia (Mr. GOOD). 
Mr. GOOD of Virginia. Madam Speak-
er, the Supreme Court seems poised to 
finally, mercifully, reverse the only de-
cision in the history of the Court that 
has cost more than 60 million precious 
innocent lives which, by the way, be-
yond the moral travesty, has contrib-
uted massively to our labor shortages 
and Social Security and Medicare 
being on the verge of bankruptcy. 
In typical fashion, Democrats are re-
vealing who they are with their re-
sponse, and their unlawful protests and 
intimidation tactics at the homes of 
the Justices, while the administration 
and their allies in this body cheer them 
on. 
Democrats can’t win at the ballot 
box or through the legislative process, 
so they try to eliminate the electoral 
college, rig election laws, eliminate the 
filibuster, pack the Supreme Court, 
pack the Senate, give statehood to D.C. 
and Puerto Rico, and now threaten 
Justices at their homes. 
This is because Democrats are the 
radical extremists on abortion. They 
have become the party of death. Their 
position is abortion at any time, for 
any reason, up to and beyond the mo-
ment of birth, with taxpayers being 
forced to fund it. 
I didn’t hear any Democrats criticize 
the former Governor of Virginia when 
he said a couple of years ago that a 
mother and her doctor can have a con-
versation after a baby is born and de-
cide whether or not to kill it. 
I say, let’s have this fight in this 
Congress. 
We had an election 6 months ago in 
purple Virginia when everyone knew 
that the Supreme Court would be re-
viewing Roe v. Wade, and the party of 
death got trounced in that election. 
Republicans must embrace this mo-
ment and stand for life, expose Demo-
crats for the radical extremists they 
are, and work to end the brutal, hor-
rific practice of abortion. To Demo-
crats, I say bring it on. Let Democrats 
defend piercing a baby’s skull and 
sucking out its brains, tearing an in-
fant limb from limb, or burning it alive 
with a saline injection. Call it what it 
is and call them out for supporting 
abortion with no restrictions whatso-
ever. 
Just this week, Democrats pushed 
another 
failed 
abortion-on-demand 
vote in the Senate, a bill that passed 
this House with no Republican votes 
but, sadly, all but one Democrat sup-
porting it, as they try to ensure that 
America remains among the most ex-
treme nations in the world with the 
most radical laws on abortion. 
Now, this current piece of legislation 
will permit Federal dollars to be used 
to harm the unborn, as it includes a 
provision that allows taxpayer dollars 
to be used to ‘‘address health needs and 
improve health and well-being’’ and 
‘‘to identify and respond to physical 
and behavioral health challenges.’’ 
However, a recent Marist poll found 
that 54 percent of Americans oppose 
using taxpayer dollars to fund abor-
tions. 
My amendment would protect tax-
payers from being forced to pay for 
abortions, even if Hyde were repealed. 
If this bill is not intended to fund abor-
tion, then accept and pass my amend-
ment. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Speaker, I 
have a lot to say in response to the 
gentleman, but I am going to take a 
deep breath and say, this is a bill about 
helping to lift low-income Americans 
out of poverty. It is a bipartisan bill we 
have been working on for many years. 
It is time to update the community 
services block grant program and help 
lift low-income Americans in Oregon 
and across the country out of poverty. 
I oppose these amendments en bloc, 
and I encourage my colleagues to op-
pose them. I continue to reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentlewoman from 
Michigan (Mrs. MCCLAIN.) 
Mrs. MCCLAIN. Madam Speaker, I 
would agree with my colleague across 
the aisle, this bill should be about lift-
ing families out of poverty and pro-
viding hope to underserved commu-
nities. Let’s do that, and let’s actually 
for once in agreement, let’s put our 
money where our mouth is and let’s ac-
tually make sure that the dollars are 
actually used for what the bill intends 
them to be used for. 
We should not be blurring lines be-
tween workforce issues and political 
campaigns. This isn’t a political cam-
paign, correct? Facilities used for com-
munity service block grants should not 
be open to political activities during 
operation hours. Sadly, this is exactly 
what my colleagues on the other side 
want, and they are notorious for talk-
ing about a bill and then packing it full 
of something that has nothing to do 
with the bill. So let’s do what we say 
we are going to do and actually help 
the communities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:47 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00027
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.024
H13MYPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 26-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4950 
May 13, 2022 
b 1030 
Where does this end? This is the foot 
in the door to allow real partisan ac-
tion to be commingled with Federal 
programs. We have a clear example of 
this that is happening today. 
Need 
I 
remind 
everyone 
about 
ACORN? 
That 
should 
be 
example 
enough to illustrate why this is a ter-
rible idea but, apparently, not for my 
colleagues on the other side of the 
aisle. 
My amendment is simple. It would 
remove the troubling language in this 
bill that allows taxpayer-funded com-
munity action centers to be used to in-
crease voting registration. 
Let’s keep the bill to what you say it 
is going to be. It would also prohibit 
community service block grant funds 
from any lobbying activities. Again, 
let’s actually use the funds for the peo-
ple in the community, not the politics. 
We all want eligible Americans to 
register to vote and actually get to the 
polls on election day. But that is not 
the purpose of the community block 
grants. This bill should not blur the 
lines between educational and political 
activities. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Speaker, I 
continue to reserve the balance of my 
time. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Wis-
consin (Mr. GROTHMAN). 
Mr. GROTHMAN. Madam Speaker, I 
thank the gentlewoman for yielding. 
Madam Speaker, there are certainly 
many concerns over this bill. The one 
that I would like to highlight today is 
that they are greatly increasing the ex-
pansion of eligibility for the bill. 
Now, that doesn’t necessarily mean 
the bill is going to make things more 
expensive, but you know very well if 
we are going to bring a whole lot of 
new areas into the bill, if we don’t in-
crease the spending, the areas that are 
currently part of the community serv-
ices block grant are going to go down. 
I don’t believe the majority party is 
going to let anybody go down, which 
means this bill anticipates a signifi-
cant increase in spending on this pro-
gram. This is one of many programs 
that I would argue, under the Constitu-
tion, really even should not be a Fed-
eral concern. It should be a local con-
cern. 
To double the eligibility to 200 per-
cent and make that permanent is re-
sulting at a time when our spending is 
just completely out of control, setting 
up a situation in which there will be 
dramatic spending on another govern-
ment program. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Speaker, I 
am prepared to close, and I continue to 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
Madam Speaker, my colleagues have 
presented 
many 
good 
arguments 
against this bill in general and why we 
should be voting for these amendments 
that are in this en bloc. These amend-
ments will provide needed improve-
ments to the underlying legislation 
and make sure that program funds are 
spent on the program’s original goal, 
serving 
low-income 
Americans 
and 
helping them get out of poverty. 
Madam Speaker, I urge my col-
leagues to support this en bloc amend-
ment, and I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself the balance of my time. 
Madam Speaker, again, I reiterate 
my strong opposition to this en bloc 
amendment and support for the under-
lying bill. 
This bipartisan bill is about improv-
ing 
services 
for 
our 
communities 
through community action, and these 
efforts are long overdue. 
Unlike the underlying bill that en-
joys broad bipartisan support and re-
flects the input of stakeholders who 
represent these agencies and their vital 
work in our communities, this en bloc 
amendment ignores what we have ac-
complished together to strengthen this 
program and seeks to further divide us. 
Rather than addressing the real 
needs of low-income individuals, this 
en bloc amendment attacks women’s 
reproductive rights at a time when 
they are under attack nationally. 
The sponsors of this en bloc amend-
ment have injected controversy into a 
policy on voter registration, which is 
nonpartisan. Head Start has had a 
nearly identical policy for the last 40 
years with little evidence of a problem. 
Together, 
these 
amendments 
all 
failed in our bipartisan committee 
markup, and they should again. 
Madam Speaker, I strongly urge my 
colleagues 
to 
reject 
this 
en 
bloc 
amendment and support the underlying 
bill. I yield back the balance of my 
time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 1097, the pre-
vious 
question 
is 
ordered 
on 
the 
amendments en bloc offered by the 
gentlewoman 
from 
Oregon 
(Ms. 
BONAMICI). 
The question is on the amendments 
en bloc offered by the gentlewoman 
from Oregon (Ms. BONAMICI). 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that 
the noes appeared to have it. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 3(s) of House Resolution 
8, the yeas and nays are ordered. 
Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, fur-
ther proceedings on this question are 
postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO. 4 OFFERED BY MR. GOTTHEIMER 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is now 
in order to consider amendment No. 4 
printed in part F of House Report 117– 
320. 
Mr. GOTTHEIMER. Madam Speaker, 
pursuant to section 10 of House Resolu-
tion 1097, I rise to offer an amendment. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 24, line 14, strike ‘‘and’’ at the end. 
Page 24 line 19, strike the period at the end 
and insert ‘‘; and’’. 
Page 24, after line 19, insert the following: 
‘‘(ix) providing support to eligible entities 
to address the needs of veterans, particularly 
homeless veterans.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 1097, the gen-
tleman 
from 
New 
Jersey 
(Mr. 
GOTTHEIMER) and a Member opposed 
each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New Jersey. 
Mr. GOTTHEIMER. Madam Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in support of 
my amendment to the bipartisan Com-
munity Services Block Grant Mod-
ernization Act. 
Before I begin, I thank all the vet-
erans back in my home district in 
northern New Jersey and nationwide 
from the bottom of my heart for put-
ting your lives on the line to defend 
our freedom, our families, and the 
greatest democracy the world has ever 
known. 
Please know this: After sacrificing so 
much, no veteran should ever struggle 
to get the care or recognition he or she 
has earned. We should always get their 
backs. 
My amendment to the legislation we 
are considering today will do just that. 
It will add critical support for our 
brave veterans, particularly homeless 
veterans, to the list of allowable pur-
poses on which State governments, in-
cluding my State of New Jersey, may 
deploy Federal community services 
block grant program investments. 
The bipartisan community services 
block grant program helps to reduce 
poverty, revitalize communities, and 
empower families and individuals to 
become fully self-sufficient. It helps in-
dividuals, like veterans, to get and 
keep a good job, a good education, 
housing, healthcare, and emergency as-
sistance and, above all, to participate 
more actively in their communities. 
In New Jersey, the program annually 
serves more than 200,000 individuals 
and 130,000 families through the work 
of 25 community action agencies. These 
agencies are typically private non-
profit organizations, public agencies, 
or local government entities, like 
Greater Bergen County Community Ac-
tion, which provides education and 
training, 
financial 
counseling, 
and 
more; or Bergen County’s government, 
where our county executive and com-
missioners have focused like a laser 
beam on successfully helping combat 
veteran homelessness. 
The bipartisan legislation on the 
floor today will make important up-
dates to the community services block 
grant program. My amendment will 
add support for veterans and, in par-
ticular, as I said, homeless veterans to 
the list of investments States like New 
Jersey can make through the program. 
With this amendment, community 
action agencies will work alongside 
State and local agencies to raise 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:47 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00028
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.026
H13MYPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 27-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4951 
May 13, 2022 
awareness among veterans of housing 
programs and help those who bravely 
served our country to secure the hous-
ing they need. Once stable housing is 
secured, community action agencies 
will work with veterans and other eli-
gible individuals to ensure the full 
range of community resources, includ-
ing workforce training, health re-
sources, and opportunities for peer sup-
port, are available to those veterans 
who need it most. 
Supporting our Nation’s veterans 
with the community services block 
grant program is the least we can do. 
After serving our country and putting 
their lives on the line to defend our 
freedom and democracy, our Nation’s 
veterans should not struggle to get the 
resources they have earned. But far too 
often, our veterans face issues finding 
housing and employment. It is unac-
ceptable. 
On any given night, the Federal Gov-
ernment estimates that more than 
40,000 veterans are homeless. On top of 
that, data shows that the unemploy-
ment rate of veterans ages 18 to 65 is 
higher than the unemployment rate of 
nonveterans. 
Today’s amendment builds on the 
work I helped lead, working with both 
sides of the aisle in recent months and 
since I was elected, to support our serv-
icemembers, 
veterans, 
and 
veteran 
families. 
The first piece of legislation I passed 
in Congress was to expand hiring of 
post-9/11 veterans. Just weeks ago, I 
was proud to join my colleagues in 
passing a 2.7 percent pay raise for 
members of the military to ensure we 
are getting the backs of those who 
bravely have ours. 
Late last year, the House passed the 
bipartisan 
Student 
Veterans 
Coun-
seling Centers Eligibility Act, which 
will expand access to mental health 
services for veterans utilizing their GI 
benefits at colleges and universities 
through established vet centers. 
In March, we passed the bipartisan 
Guard and Reserve GI Bill Parity Act 
to help expand access to GI benefits for 
members of our military who serve in 
the National Guard and Reserves, as 
they don’t receive the same access to 
vital GI benefits that they deserve as 
well. 
Also in March, working with the 
members of the bipartisan Problem 
Solvers Caucus, we passed the Hon-
oring our PACT Act here in the House 
to help veterans exposed to burn pits, 
covering veterans dating back to 1991 
and 
Operation 
Desert 
Storm 
and 
through our more recent post-9/11 con-
flicts. 
This included my key provisions to 
address the mental health impacts for 
toxic exposure for veterans and to en-
sure VA information on toxic exposure 
illnesses is published in multiple lan-
guages, like Korean and Spanish, to 
help even more of our veterans. 
Back home in New Jersey, I have 
been fighting for expanded access to 
healthcare services, and I helped estab-
lish the mental health services at the 
VA Community-Based Outpatient Clin-
ic in Newton in Sussex County, New 
Jersey. I am working to cut through 
red tape with the VA Community Care 
Network to ensure eligible north Jer-
sey veterans are able to receive refer-
rals for community care at ImageCare 
Centers across the Fifth District. We 
have made critical progress on that 
front. Now, more veterans in my dis-
trict have greater access to healthcare 
that they deserve. 
Let me just say, these are not Demo-
cratic or Republican issues. They are 
red, white, and blue issues. They are 
issues core to protecting our great de-
mocracy, the ones our veterans have 
always fought for. 
There is nothing more important in 
this job than our responsibility to have 
the backs of those who have served our 
great Nation, whether that is at the 
VA, a mental health issue, or helping 
veterans find housing or get jobs when 
they come back home. 
Madam Speaker, I urge my col-
leagues on both sides of the aisle to 
vote in favor of my amendment to add 
support for veterans to the list of eligi-
ble community services block grant in-
vestments. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I claim 
the time in opposition, but I am not 
opposed. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, we owe 
our military veterans a huge debt of 
gratitude, and we must make sure they 
are well supported as they transition 
back into the civilian workforce. 
This 
amendment 
encourages 
the 
CSBG program to meet the needs of 
low-income veterans, especially home-
less veterans. It is surprising to me 
that we need to put such an amend-
ment in this bill because we would 
think that the CSBG program would 
already be doing it. But since this is a 
worthy goal and one that I support, I 
will support this amendment. 
In fact, Madam Speaker, I wear a pin 
every day with the United States flag, 
the North Carolina flag, and a banner 
under it that says: ‘‘I support vet-
erans.’’ Therefore, I must support an 
amendment that would support vet-
erans. 
While I have concerns with the un-
derlying bill, I think this is a good 
amendment, and I appreciate the gen-
tleman offering it. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. GOTTHEIMER. Madam Speaker, 
I thank the ranking member for her 
comments and for the support of vet-
erans. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to 
the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. 
BONAMICI). 
Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Speaker, I 
thank Representative GOTTHEIMER for 
his amendment and for his leadership 
in addressing the needs of our coun-
try’s veterans. 
Madam Speaker, this amendment 
will help community action agencies 
meet the needs of veterans, particu-
larly homeless veterans. 
Although many community action 
agencies already implement other Fed-
eral programs serving veterans, this 
amendment will emphasize that all eli-
gible entities are able and equipped to 
serve veterans and their communities. 
Again, I thank my colleague for of-
fering this amendment, and I thank the 
ranking member for supporting it as 
well. 
Mr. GOTTHEIMER. Madam Speaker, 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
Madam Speaker, we must do all we 
can to make sure we help low-income 
and homeless veterans. I think this 
amendment furthers that effort. 
Madam Speaker, I urge my col-
leagues to support the amendment, and 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 1097, the pre-
vious 
question 
is 
ordered 
on 
the 
amendment offered by the gentleman 
from New Jersey (Mr. GOTTHEIMER). 
The question is on the amendment 
offered by the gentleman from New 
Jersey (Mr. GOTTHEIMER). 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that 
the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. CLYDE. Madam Speaker, on that 
I demand the yeas and nays. The 
SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to 
section 3(s) of House Resolution 8, the 
yeas and nays are ordered. 
Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, fur-
ther proceedings on this question are 
postponed. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pro-
ceedings will resume on questions pre-
viously postponed. 
Votes will be taken in the following 
order: 
Amendments en bloc No. 1; 
Amendments en bloc No. 2; 
Amendment No. 4; 
Motion to recommit, if offered; and 
Passage of the bill, if ordered. 
The first electronic vote will be con-
ducted as a 15-minute vote. Pursuant 
to clause 9 of rule XX, remaining elec-
tronic votes will be conducted as 5- 
minute votes. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO. 1 OFFERED BY MS. 
BONAMICI OF OREGON 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the unfin-
ished business is the question on the 
adoption of amendments en bloc No. 1, 
printed in part F of House Report 117– 
320, on which further proceedings were 
postponed and on which the yeas and 
nays were ordered. 
The 
Clerk 
will 
redesignate 
the 
amendments en bloc. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ments en bloc. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the amendments en bloc 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:47 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00029
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.028
H13MYPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 28-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4952 
May 13, 2022 
offered by the gentlewoman from Or-
egon (Ms. BONAMICI). 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 219, nays 
201, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 178] 
YEAS—219 
Adams 
Aguilar 
Allred 
Auchincloss 
Axne 
Barraga´n 
Bass 
Beatty 
Bera 
Beyer 
Bishop (GA) 
Blumenauer 
Blunt Rochester 
Bonamici 
Bourdeaux 
Bowman 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brown (MD) 
Brown (OH) 
Brownley 
Bush 
Bustos 
Butterfield 
Carbajal 
Ca´rdenas 
Carson 
Carter (LA) 
Cartwright 
Casten 
Castor (FL) 
Castro (TX) 
Cherfilus- 
McCormick 
Chu 
Cicilline 
Clark (MA) 
Clarke (NY) 
Cleaver 
Clyburn 
Cohen 
Connolly 
Cooper 
Correa 
Costa 
Courtney 
Craig 
Crist 
Crow 
Cuellar 
Davids (KS) 
Davis, Danny K. 
Dean 
DeFazio 
DeGette 
DeLauro 
DelBene 
Delgado 
Demings 
DeSaulnier 
Deutch 
Dingell 
Doggett 
Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Escobar 
Eshoo 
Espaillat 
Evans 
Fitzpatrick 
Fletcher 
Foster 
Frankel, Lois 
Gallego 
Garamendi 
Garcı´a (IL) 
Garcia (TX) 
Golden 
Gomez 
Gonzalez, 
Vicente 
Gottheimer 
Green, Al (TX) 
Grijalva 
Harder (CA) 
Hayes 
Higgins (NY) 
Himes 
Horsford 
Houlahan 
Hoyer 
Huffman 
Jackson Lee 
Jacobs (CA) 
Jayapal 
Jeffries 
Johnson (GA) 
Johnson (TX) 
Jones 
Kahele 
Kaptur 
Katko 
Keating 
Kelly (IL) 
Khanna 
Kildee 
Kilmer 
Kim (NJ) 
Kind 
Kirkpatrick 
Krishnamoorthi 
Kuster 
Lamb 
Langevin 
Larsen (WA) 
Larson (CT) 
Lawrence 
Lawson (FL) 
Lee (CA) 
Lee (NV) 
Leger Fernandez 
Levin (CA) 
Levin (MI) 
Lieu 
Lofgren 
Lowenthal 
Luria 
Lynch 
Malinowski 
Maloney, 
Carolyn B. 
Maloney, Sean 
Manning 
Matsui 
McBath 
McCollum 
McEachin 
McNerney 
Meeks 
Meng 
Mfume 
Moore (WI) 
Morelle 
Moulton 
Mrvan 
Murphy (FL) 
Nadler 
Napolitano 
Neal 
Neguse 
Newman 
Norcross 
O’Halleran 
Ocasio-Cortez 
Omar 
Pallone 
Panetta 
Pappas 
Pascrell 
Payne 
Perlmutter 
Peters 
Phillips 
Pingree 
Pocan 
Porter 
Pressley 
Price (NC) 
Quigley 
Raskin 
Rice (NY) 
Ross 
Roybal-Allard 
Ruiz 
Ruppersberger 
Rush 
Ryan 
Sa´nchez 
Sarbanes 
Scanlon 
Schakowsky 
Schiff 
Schneider 
Schrader 
Schrier 
Scott (VA) 
Scott, David 
Sewell 
Sherman 
Sherrill 
Sires 
Slotkin 
Smith (WA) 
Soto 
Spanberger 
Stansbury 
Stanton 
Stevens 
Strickland 
Suozzi 
Swalwell 
Takano 
Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) 
Titus 
Tlaib 
Tonko 
Torres (CA) 
Torres (NY) 
Trahan 
Trone 
Underwood 
Vargas 
Veasey 
Vela´zquez 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters 
Watson Coleman 
Welch 
Wexton 
Wild 
Williams (GA) 
Wilson (FL) 
Yarmuth 
NAYS—201 
Aderholt 
Allen 
Amodei 
Armstrong 
Arrington 
Babin 
Bacon 
Baird 
Balderson 
Banks 
Barr 
Bentz 
Bergman 
Bice (OK) 
Biggs 
Bilirakis 
Bishop (NC) 
Boebert 
Bost 
Brady 
Brooks 
Buchanan 
Buck 
Bucshon 
Burchett 
Burgess 
Calvert 
Cammack 
Carey 
Carl 
Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) 
Cawthorn 
Chabot 
Cheney 
Cline 
Cloud 
Clyde 
Cole 
Comer 
Crawford 
Crenshaw 
Curtis 
Davidson 
Davis, Rodney 
DesJarlais 
Diaz-Balart 
Donalds 
Duncan 
Dunn 
Ellzey 
Emmer 
Estes 
Fallon 
Feenstra 
Ferguson 
Fischbach 
Fitzgerald 
Fleischmann 
Foxx 
Franklin, C. 
Scott 
Fulcher 
Gaetz 
Gallagher 
Garbarino 
Garcia (CA) 
Gibbs 
Gimenez 
Gohmert 
Gonzales, Tony 
Good (VA) 
Gooden (TX) 
Gosar 
Granger 
Graves (LA) 
Graves (MO) 
Green (TN) 
Greene (GA) 
Griffith 
Grothman 
Guest 
Guthrie 
Harris 
Harshbarger 
Hartzler 
Hern 
Herrell 
Herrera Beutler 
Hice (GA) 
Higgins (LA) 
Hill 
Hinson 
Hollingsworth 
Hudson 
Huizenga 
Issa 
Jackson 
Jacobs (NY) 
Johnson (LA) 
Johnson (OH) 
Johnson (SD) 
Jordan 
Joyce (OH) 
Joyce (PA) 
Keller 
Kelly (MS) 
Kelly (PA) 
Kim (CA) 
Kinzinger 
Kustoff 
LaHood 
LaMalfa 
Lamborn 
Latta 
LaTurner 
Lesko 
Letlow 
Long 
Loudermilk 
Lucas 
Luetkemeyer 
Mace 
Malliotakis 
Mann 
Massie 
Mast 
McCarthy 
McCaul 
McClain 
McClintock 
McHenry 
Meijer 
Meuser 
Miller (IL) 
Miller (WV) 
Miller-Meeks 
Moolenaar 
Mooney 
Moore (AL) 
Moore (UT) 
Mullin 
Murphy (NC) 
Nehls 
Newhouse 
Norman 
Obernolte 
Owens 
Palazzo 
Palmer 
Pence 
Perry 
Pfluger 
Posey 
Reschenthaler 
Rice (SC) 
Rodgers (WA) 
Rogers (AL) 
Rogers (KY) 
Rose 
Rosendale 
Rouzer 
Roy 
Rutherford 
Salazar 
Scalise 
Schweikert 
Scott, Austin 
Sessions 
Simpson 
Smith (NE) 
Smith (NJ) 
Smucker 
Spartz 
Stauber 
Steel 
Stefanik 
Steil 
Steube 
Stewart 
Taylor 
Tenney 
Thompson (PA) 
Tiffany 
Timmons 
Turner 
Upton 
Valadao 
Van Drew 
Van Duyne 
Wagner 
Walberg 
Walorski 
Waltz 
Weber (TX) 
Webster (FL) 
Wenstrup 
Williams (TX) 
Wilson (SC) 
Wittman 
Womack 
Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—8 
Budd 
Case 
Gonzalez (OH) 
McGovern 
McKinley 
Smith (MO) 
Speier 
Westerman 
b 1129 
Messrs. UPTON, RUTHERFORD, and 
Ms. GRANGER changed their vote 
from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
So the en bloc amendments were 
agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
MEMBERS RECORDED PURSUANT TO HOUSE 
RESOLUTION 8, 117TH CONGRESS 
Amodei 
(Balderson) 
Barr (Guthrie) 
Bera (Connolly) 
Bergman 
(Moolenaar) 
Blumenauer 
(Beyer) 
Bourdeaux 
(Wexton) 
Bowman 
(Escobar) 
Brooks (Moore 
(AL)) 
Brownley 
(Kuster) 
Bush (Escobar) 
Bustos (Kuster) 
Butterfield 
(Ross) 
Carbajal 
(Pallone) 
Ca´rdenas (Soto) 
Carter (LA) 
(Blunt 
Rochester) 
Casten (Foster) 
Castro (TX) 
(Garcia (TX)) 
Cawthorn (Nehls) 
Crawford (Long) 
Cuellar (Garcia 
(TX)) 
Curtis (Owens) 
Davis, Danny K. 
(Foster) 
Delgado (Neguse) 
DeSaulnier 
(Beyer) 
Deutch (Neguse) 
Doyle, Michael 
F. (Pallone) 
Evans (Beyer) 
Fallon (Nehls) 
Gaetz (Boebert) 
Gallego (Soto) 
Garamendi 
(Beyer) 
Gomez (Soto) 
Green (TN) 
(Fleischmann) 
Jeffries (Neguse) 
Johnson (SD) 
(Valadao) 
Johnson (TX) 
(Stevens) 
Kahele (Neguse) 
Kelly (IL) (Blunt 
Rochester) 
Khanna 
(Escobar) 
Kind (Beyer) 
Kinzinger 
(Meijer) 
Kirkpatrick 
(Pallone) 
Lamb (Pallone) 
Langevin 
(Lynch) 
LaTurner (Mann) 
Lawrence 
(Stevens) 
Lawson (FL) 
(Soto) 
Lofgren 
(Aguilar) 
Lowenthal 
(Beyer) 
Luetkemeyer 
(McHenry) 
McEachin 
(Wexton) 
Meeks (Clarke 
(NY)) 
Meuser 
(Reschenthaler) 
Mfume (Blunt 
Rochester) 
Moore (UT) 
(Carl) 
Moore (WI) 
(Beyer) 
Ocasio-Cortez 
(Escobar) 
Payne (Pallone) 
Perlmutter 
(Courtney) 
Porter (Wexton) 
Price (NC) (Ross) 
Rice (NY) 
(Peters (CA)) 
Rodgers (WA) 
(Joyce (PA)) 
Ryan (Kaptur) 
Sa´nchez (Beyer) 
Schrader 
(Kuster) 
Scott, David 
(Correa) 
Sewell (Cicilline) 
Sherrill 
(Pallone) 
Sires (Pallone) 
Spartz (Miller- 
Meeks) 
Stauber (Bacon) 
Stewart (Owens) 
Strickland 
(Takano) 
Suozzi (Beyer) 
Swalwell 
(Correa) 
Taylor (Nehls) 
Tiffany 
(Fitzgerald) 
Tlaib (Escobar) 
Torres (NY) 
(Neguse) 
Van Duyne 
(Jackson) 
Walorski 
(Wagner) 
Waters (Garcia 
(TX)) 
Watson Coleman 
(Pallone) 
Welch (Pallone) 
Williams (GA) 
(Neguse) 
Wilson (FL) 
(Neguse) 
Wilson (SC) 
(Timmons) 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO. 2 OFFERED BY MS. 
BONAMICI OF OREGON 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
AUCHINCLOSS). Pursuant to clause 8 of 
rule XX, the unfinished business is the 
question on the adoption of amend-
ments en bloc No. 2, printed in part F 
of House Report 117–320, on which fur-
ther proceedings were postponed and 
on which the yeas and nays were or-
dered. 
The 
Clerk 
will 
redesignate 
the 
amendments en bloc. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ments en bloc. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the amendments en bloc 
offered by the gentlewoman from Or-
egon (Ms. BONAMICI). 
This is a 5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 198, nays 
219, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 179] 
YEAS—198 
Aderholt 
Allen 
Amodei 
Arrington 
Babin 
Bacon 
Baird 
Balderson 
Banks 
Barr 
Bentz 
Bergman 
Bice (OK) 
Biggs 
Bilirakis 
Bishop (NC) 
Boebert 
Bost 
Brooks 
Buchanan 
Buck 
Bucshon 
Burchett 
Burgess 
Calvert 
Cammack 
Carey 
Carl 
Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) 
Cawthorn 
Chabot 
Cheney 
Cline 
Cloud 
Clyde 
Cole 
Comer 
Crawford 
Crenshaw 
Curtis 
Davidson 
Davis, Rodney 
DesJarlais 
Diaz-Balart 
Donalds 
Duncan 
Dunn 
Ellzey 
Emmer 
Estes 
Fallon 
Feenstra 
Ferguson 
Fischbach 
Fitzgerald 
Fleischmann 
Foxx 
Franklin, C. 
Scott 
Fulcher 
Gaetz 
Gallagher 
Garbarino 
Garcia (CA) 
Gibbs 
Gimenez 
Gohmert 
Gonzales, Tony 
Good (VA) 
Gooden (TX) 
Gosar 
Granger 
Graves (LA) 
Graves (MO) 
Green (TN) 
Greene (GA) 
Griffith 
Grothman 
Guest 
Guthrie 
Harris 
Harshbarger 
Hartzler 
Hern 
Herrell 
Herrera Beutler 
Hice (GA) 
Higgins (LA) 
Hill 
Hinson 
Hollingsworth 
Hudson 
Huizenga 
Issa 
Jackson 
Jacobs (NY) 
Johnson (LA) 
Johnson (OH) 
Johnson (SD) 
Jordan 
Joyce (OH) 
Joyce (PA) 
Keller 
Kelly (MS) 
Kelly (PA) 
Kim (CA) 
Kinzinger 
Kustoff 
LaHood 
LaMalfa 
Lamborn 
Latta 
LaTurner 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:47 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00030
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.030
H13MYPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 29-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4953 
May 13, 2022 
Lesko 
Letlow 
Long 
Loudermilk 
Lucas 
Luetkemeyer 
Mace 
Malliotakis 
Mann 
Massie 
Mast 
McCarthy 
McCaul 
McClain 
McClintock 
McHenry 
Meijer 
Meuser 
Miller (IL) 
Miller (WV) 
Miller-Meeks 
Moolenaar 
Mooney 
Moore (AL) 
Moore (UT) 
Mullin 
Murphy (NC) 
Nehls 
Newhouse 
Norman 
Obernolte 
Owens 
Palazzo 
Palmer 
Pence 
Perry 
Pfluger 
Posey 
Reschenthaler 
Rice (SC) 
Rodgers (WA) 
Rogers (AL) 
Rogers (KY) 
Rose 
Rosendale 
Rouzer 
Roy 
Rutherford 
Scalise 
Schweikert 
Scott, Austin 
Sessions 
Simpson 
Smith (NE) 
Smith (NJ) 
Smucker 
Spartz 
Stauber 
Steel 
Stefanik 
Steil 
Steube 
Stewart 
Taylor 
Tenney 
Thompson (PA) 
Tiffany 
Timmons 
Turner 
Upton 
Valadao 
Van Drew 
Van Duyne 
Wagner 
Walberg 
Walorski 
Waltz 
Weber (TX) 
Webster (FL) 
Wenstrup 
Williams (TX) 
Wilson (SC) 
Wittman 
Womack 
Zeldin 
NAYS—219 
Adams 
Aguilar 
Allred 
Auchincloss 
Axne 
Barraga´n 
Bass 
Beatty 
Bera 
Beyer 
Bishop (GA) 
Blumenauer 
Blunt Rochester 
Bonamici 
Bourdeaux 
Bowman 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brown (MD) 
Brown (OH) 
Brownley 
Bush 
Bustos 
Butterfield 
Carbajal 
Ca´rdenas 
Carson 
Carter (LA) 
Cartwright 
Casten 
Castor (FL) 
Castro (TX) 
Cherfilus- 
McCormick 
Chu 
Cicilline 
Clark (MA) 
Clarke (NY) 
Cleaver 
Clyburn 
Cohen 
Connolly 
Cooper 
Correa 
Costa 
Courtney 
Craig 
Crist 
Crow 
Cuellar 
Davids (KS) 
Davis, Danny K. 
Dean 
DeFazio 
DeGette 
DeLauro 
DelBene 
Delgado 
Demings 
DeSaulnier 
Deutch 
Dingell 
Doggett 
Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Escobar 
Eshoo 
Espaillat 
Evans 
Fitzpatrick 
Fletcher 
Foster 
Frankel, Lois 
Gallego 
Garamendi 
Garcı´a (IL) 
Garcia (TX) 
Golden 
Gomez 
Gonzalez, 
Vicente 
Gottheimer 
Green, Al (TX) 
Grijalva 
Harder (CA) 
Hayes 
Higgins (NY) 
Himes 
Horsford 
Houlahan 
Hoyer 
Huffman 
Jackson Lee 
Jacobs (CA) 
Jayapal 
Jeffries 
Johnson (GA) 
Johnson (TX) 
Jones 
Kahele 
Kaptur 
Katko 
Keating 
Kelly (IL) 
Khanna 
Kildee 
Kilmer 
Kim (NJ) 
Kind 
Kirkpatrick 
Krishnamoorthi 
Kuster 
Lamb 
Langevin 
Larsen (WA) 
Larson (CT) 
Lawrence 
Lawson (FL) 
Lee (CA) 
Lee (NV) 
Leger Fernandez 
Levin (CA) 
Levin (MI) 
Lieu 
Lofgren 
Lowenthal 
Luria 
Lynch 
Malinowski 
Maloney, 
Carolyn B. 
Maloney, Sean 
Manning 
Matsui 
McBath 
McCollum 
McEachin 
McNerney 
Meeks 
Meng 
Mfume 
Moore (WI) 
Morelle 
Moulton 
Mrvan 
Murphy (FL) 
Nadler 
Napolitano 
Neal 
Neguse 
Newman 
Norcross 
O’Halleran 
Ocasio-Cortez 
Omar 
Pallone 
Panetta 
Pappas 
Pascrell 
Payne 
Perlmutter 
Peters 
Phillips 
Pingree 
Pocan 
Porter 
Pressley 
Price (NC) 
Quigley 
Raskin 
Rice (NY) 
Ross 
Roybal-Allard 
Ruiz 
Ruppersberger 
Rush 
Salazar 
Sa´nchez 
Sarbanes 
Scanlon 
Schakowsky 
Schiff 
Schneider 
Schrader 
Schrier 
Scott (VA) 
Scott, David 
Sewell 
Sherman 
Sherrill 
Sires 
Slotkin 
Smith (WA) 
Soto 
Spanberger 
Stansbury 
Stanton 
Stevens 
Strickland 
Suozzi 
Swalwell 
Takano 
Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) 
Titus 
Tlaib 
Tonko 
Torres (CA) 
Torres (NY) 
Trahan 
Trone 
Underwood 
Vargas 
Veasey 
Vela´zquez 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters 
Watson Coleman 
Welch 
Wexton 
Wild 
Williams (GA) 
Wilson (FL) 
Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—11 
Armstrong 
Brady 
Budd 
Case 
Gonzalez (OH) 
McGovern 
McKinley 
Ryan 
Smith (MO) 
Speier 
Westerman 
b 1143 
Miss RICE of New York changed her 
vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mr. CRAWFORD changed his vote 
from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the en bloc amendments were re-
jected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
MEMBERS RECORDED PURSUANT TO HOUSE 
RESOLUTION 8, 117TH CONGRESS 
Amodei 
(Balderson) 
Barr (Guthrie) 
Bera (Connolly) 
Bergman 
(Moolenaar) 
Blumenauer 
(Beyer) 
Bourdeaux 
(Wexton) 
Bowman 
(Escobar) 
Brooks (Moore 
(AL)) 
Brownley 
(Kuster) 
Bush (Escobar) 
Bustos (Kuster) 
Butterfield 
(Ross) 
Carbajal 
(Pallone) 
Ca´rdenas (Soto) 
Carter (LA) 
(Blunt 
Rochester) 
Casten (Foster) 
Castro (TX) 
(Garcia (TX)) 
Cawthorn (Nehls) 
Crawford (Long) 
Cuellar (Garcia 
(TX)) 
Curtis (Owens) 
Davis, Danny K. 
(Foster) 
Delgado (Neguse) 
DeSaulnier 
(Beyer) 
Deutch (Neguse) 
Doyle, Michael 
F. (Pallone) 
Evans (Beyer) 
Fallon (Nehls) 
Gaetz (Boebert) 
Gallego (Soto) 
Garamendi 
(Beyer) 
Gomez (Soto) 
Green (TN) 
(Fleischmann) 
Jeffries (Neguse) 
Johnson (SD) 
(Valadao) 
Johnson (TX) 
(Stevens) 
Kahele (Neguse) 
Kelly (IL) (Blunt 
Rochester) 
Khanna 
(Escobar) 
Kind (Beyer) 
Kinzinger 
(Meijer) 
Kirkpatrick 
(Pallone) 
Lamb (Pallone) 
Langevin 
(Lynch) 
LaTurner (Mann) 
Lawrence 
(Stevens) 
Lawson (FL) 
(Soto) 
Lofgren 
(Aguilar) 
Lowenthal 
(Beyer) 
Luetkemeyer 
(McHenry) 
McEachin 
(Wexton) 
Meeks (Clarke 
(NY)) 
Meuser 
(Reschenthaler) 
Mfume (Blunt 
Rochester) 
Moore (UT) 
(Carl) 
Moore (WI) 
(Beyer) 
Ocasio-Cortez 
(Escobar) 
Payne (Pallone) 
Perlmutter 
(Courtney) 
Porter (Wexton) 
Price (NC) (Ross) 
Rice (NY) 
(Peters (CA)) 
Rodgers (WA) 
(Joyce (PA)) 
Sa´nchez (Beyer) 
Schrader 
(Kuster) 
Scott, David 
(Correa) 
Sewell (Cicilline) 
Sherrill 
(Pallone) 
Sires (Pallone) 
Spartz (Miller- 
Meeks) 
Stauber (Bacon) 
Stewart (Owens) 
Strickland 
(Takano) 
Suozzi (Beyer) 
Swalwell 
(Correa) 
Taylor (Nehls) 
Tiffany 
(Fitzgerald) 
Tlaib (Escobar) 
Torres (NY) 
(Neguse) 
Van Duyne 
(Jackson) 
Walorski 
(Wagner) 
Waters (Garcia 
(TX)) 
Watson Coleman 
(Pallone) 
Welch (Pallone) 
Williams (GA) 
(Neguse) 
Wilson (FL) 
(Neguse) 
Wilson (SC) 
(Timmons) 
AMENDMENT NO. 4 OFFERED BY MR. GOTTHEIMER 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the unfin-
ished business is the question on 
amendment No. 4, printed in part F of 
House Report 117–320, on which further 
proceedings were postponed and on 
which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The 
Clerk 
will 
redesignate 
the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the amendment offered 
by the gentleman from New Jersey 
(Mr. GOTTHEIMER). 
This is a 5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 418, nays 0, 
not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 180] 
YEAS—418 
Adams 
Aderholt 
Aguilar 
Allen 
Allred 
Amodei 
Arrington 
Auchincloss 
Axne 
Babin 
Bacon 
Baird 
Balderson 
Banks 
Barr 
Barraga´n 
Bass 
Beatty 
Bentz 
Bera 
Bergman 
Beyer 
Bice (OK) 
Biggs 
Bilirakis 
Bishop (GA) 
Bishop (NC) 
Blumenauer 
Blunt Rochester 
Boebert 
Bonamici 
Bost 
Bourdeaux 
Bowman 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brooks 
Brown (MD) 
Brown (OH) 
Brownley 
Buchanan 
Buck 
Bucshon 
Burchett 
Burgess 
Bush 
Bustos 
Butterfield 
Calvert 
Cammack 
Carbajal 
Ca´rdenas 
Carey 
Carl 
Carson 
Carter (GA) 
Carter (LA) 
Carter (TX) 
Cartwright 
Casten 
Castor (FL) 
Castro (TX) 
Cawthorn 
Chabot 
Cheney 
Cherfilus- 
McCormick 
Chu 
Cicilline 
Clark (MA) 
Clarke (NY) 
Cleaver 
Cline 
Cloud 
Clyburn 
Clyde 
Cohen 
Cole 
Comer 
Connolly 
Cooper 
Correa 
Costa 
Courtney 
Craig 
Crawford 
Crenshaw 
Crist 
Crow 
Cuellar 
Curtis 
Davids (KS) 
Davidson 
Davis, Danny K. 
Davis, Rodney 
Dean 
DeFazio 
DeGette 
DeLauro 
DelBene 
Delgado 
Demings 
DeSaulnier 
DesJarlais 
Deutch 
Diaz-Balart 
Dingell 
Doggett 
Donalds 
Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duncan 
Dunn 
Ellzey 
Emmer 
Escobar 
Eshoo 
Espaillat 
Estes 
Evans 
Fallon 
Feenstra 
Ferguson 
Fischbach 
Fitzgerald 
Fitzpatrick 
Fleischmann 
Fletcher 
Foster 
Foxx 
Frankel, Lois 
Franklin, C. 
Scott 
Fulcher 
Gaetz 
Gallagher 
Gallego 
Garamendi 
Garbarino 
Garcia (CA) 
Garcı´a (IL) 
Garcia (TX) 
Gibbs 
Gimenez 
Gohmert 
Golden 
Gomez 
Gonzales, Tony 
Gonzalez, 
Vicente 
Good (VA) 
Gooden (TX) 
Gosar 
Gottheimer 
Granger 
Graves (LA) 
Graves (MO) 
Green (TN) 
Green, Al (TX) 
Greene (GA) 
Griffith 
Grijalva 
Grothman 
Guest 
Guthrie 
Harder (CA) 
Harris 
Harshbarger 
Hartzler 
Hayes 
Hern 
Herrell 
Herrera Beutler 
Hice (GA) 
Higgins (LA) 
Higgins (NY) 
Hill 
Himes 
Hinson 
Hollingsworth 
Horsford 
Houlahan 
Hoyer 
Hudson 
Huffman 
Huizenga 
Issa 
Jackson 
Jackson Lee 
Jacobs (CA) 
Jacobs (NY) 
Jayapal 
Jeffries 
Johnson (GA) 
Johnson (LA) 
Johnson (OH) 
Johnson (SD) 
Johnson (TX) 
Jones 
Jordan 
Joyce (OH) 
Joyce (PA) 
Kahele 
Kaptur 
Katko 
Keating 
Keller 
Kelly (IL) 
Kelly (MS) 
Kelly (PA) 
Khanna 
Kildee 
Kilmer 
Kim (CA) 
Kim (NJ) 
Kind 
Kinzinger 
Kirkpatrick 
Krishnamoorthi 
Kuster 
Kustoff 
LaHood 
LaMalfa 
Lamb 
Lamborn 
Langevin 
Larsen (WA) 
Larson (CT) 
Latta 
LaTurner 
Lawrence 
Lawson (FL) 
Lee (CA) 
Lee (NV) 
Leger Fernandez 
Lesko 
Letlow 
Levin (CA) 
Levin (MI) 
Lieu 
Lofgren 
Long 
Loudermilk 
Lowenthal 
Lucas 
Luetkemeyer 
Luria 
Lynch 
Mace 
Malinowski 
Malliotakis 
Maloney, 
Carolyn B. 
Maloney, Sean 
Mann 
Manning 
Massie 
Mast 
Matsui 
McBath 
McCarthy 
McCaul 
McClain 
McClintock 
McCollum 
McEachin 
McHenry 
McNerney 
Meeks 
Meijer 
Meng 
Meuser 
Mfume 
Miller (IL) 
Miller (WV) 
Miller-Meeks 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:47 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00031
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A13MY7.032
H13MYPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 30-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4954 
May 13, 2022 
Moolenaar 
Mooney 
Moore (AL) 
Moore (UT) 
Moore (WI) 
Morelle 
Moulton 
Mrvan 
Mullin 
Murphy (FL) 
Murphy (NC) 
Nadler 
Napolitano 
Neal 
Neguse 
Nehls 
Newhouse 
Newman 
Norcross 
Norman 
O’Halleran 
Obernolte 
Ocasio-Cortez 
Omar 
Owens 
Palazzo 
Pallone 
Palmer 
Panetta 
Pappas 
Pascrell 
Payne 
Pence 
Perlmutter 
Perry 
Peters 
Pfluger 
Phillips 
Pingree 
Pocan 
Porter 
Posey 
Pressley 
Price (NC) 
Quigley 
Raskin 
Reschenthaler 
Rice (NY) 
Rice (SC) 
Rodgers (WA) 
Rogers (AL) 
Rogers (KY) 
Rose 
Rosendale 
Ross 
Rouzer 
Roy 
Roybal-Allard 
Ruiz 
Ruppersberger 
Rush 
Rutherford 
Ryan 
Salazar 
Sa´nchez 
Sarbanes 
Scalise 
Scanlon 
Schakowsky 
Schiff 
Schneider 
Schrader 
Schrier 
Schweikert 
Scott (VA) 
Scott, Austin 
Scott, David 
Sessions 
Sewell 
Sherman 
Sherrill 
Simpson 
Sires 
Slotkin 
Smith (NE) 
Smith (NJ) 
Smith (WA) 
Smucker 
Soto 
Spanberger 
Spartz 
Stansbury 
Stanton 
Stauber 
Steel 
Stefanik 
Steil 
Steube 
Stevens 
Stewart 
Strickland 
Suozzi 
Swalwell 
Takano 
Taylor 
Tenney 
Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) 
Thompson (PA) 
Tiffany 
Timmons 
Titus 
Tlaib 
Tonko 
Torres (CA) 
Torres (NY) 
Trahan 
Trone 
Turner 
Underwood 
Upton 
Valadao 
Van Drew 
Van Duyne 
Vargas 
Veasey 
Vela´zquez 
Wagner 
Walberg 
Walorski 
Waltz 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters 
Watson Coleman 
Weber (TX) 
Webster (FL) 
Welch 
Wenstrup 
Wexton 
Wild 
Williams (GA) 
Williams (TX) 
Wilson (FL) 
Wilson (SC) 
Wittman 
Womack 
Yarmuth 
Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—10 
Armstrong 
Brady 
Budd 
Case 
Gonzalez (OH) 
McGovern 
McKinley 
Smith (MO) 
Speier 
Westerman 
b 1156 
So the amendment was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
MEMBERS RECORDED PURSUANT TO HOUSE 
RESOLUTION 8, 117TH CONGRESS 
Amodei 
(Balderson) 
Barr (Guthrie) 
Bera (Connolly) 
Bergman 
(Moolenaar) 
Blumenauer 
(Beyer) 
Bourdeaux 
(Wexton) 
Bowman 
(Escobar) 
Brooks (Moore 
(AL)) 
Brownley 
(Kuster) 
Bush (Escobar) 
Bustos (Kuster) 
Butterfield 
(Ross) 
Carbajal 
(Pallone) 
Ca´rdenas (Soto) 
Carter (LA) 
(Blunt 
Rochester) 
Casten (Foster) 
Castro (TX) 
(Garcia (TX)) 
Cawthorn (Nehls) 
Crawford (Long) 
Cuellar (Garcia 
(TX)) 
Curtis (Owens) 
Davis, Danny K. 
(Foster) 
Delgado (Neguse) 
DeSaulnier 
(Beyer) 
Deutch (Neguse) 
Doyle, Michael 
F. (Pallone) 
Evans (Beyer) 
Fallon (Nehls) 
Gaetz (Boebert) 
Gallego (Soto) 
Garamendi 
(Beyer) 
Gomez (Soto) 
Green (TN) 
(Fleischmann) 
Jeffries (Neguse) 
Johnson (SD) 
(Valadao) 
Johnson (TX) 
(Stevens) 
Kahele (Neguse) 
Kelly (IL) (Blunt 
Rochester) 
Khanna 
(Escobar) 
Kind (Beyer) 
Kinzinger 
(Meijer) 
Kirkpatrick 
(Pallone) 
Lamb (Pallone) 
Langevin 
(Lynch) 
LaTurner (Mann) 
Lawrence 
(Stevens) 
Lawson (FL) 
(Soto) 
Lofgren 
(Aguilar) 
Lowenthal 
(Beyer) 
Luetkemeyer 
(McHenry) 
McEachin 
(Wexton) 
Meeks (Clarke 
(NY)) 
Meuser 
(Reschenthaler) 
Mfume (Blunt 
Rochester) 
Moore (UT) 
(Carl) 
Moore (WI) 
(Beyer) 
Ocasio-Cortez 
(Escobar) 
Payne (Pallone) 
Perlmutter 
(Courtney) 
Porter (Wexton) 
Price (NC) (Ross) 
Rice (NY) 
(Peters (CA)) 
Rodgers (WA) 
(Joyce (PA)) 
Ryan (Kaptur) 
Sa´nchez (Beyer) 
Schrader 
(Kuster) 
Scott, David 
(Correa) 
Sewell (Cicilline) 
Sherrill 
(Pallone) 
Sires (Pallone) 
Spartz (Miller- 
Meeks) 
Stauber (Bacon) 
Stewart (Owens) 
Strickland 
(Takano) 
Suozzi (Beyer) 
Swalwell 
(Correa) 
Taylor (Nehls) 
Tiffany 
(Fitzgerald) 
Tlaib (Escobar) 
Torres (NY) 
(Neguse) 
Van Duyne 
(Jackson) 
Walorski 
(Wagner) 
Waters (Garcia 
(TX)) 
Watson Coleman 
(Pallone) 
Welch (Pallone) 
Williams (GA) 
(Neguse) 
Wilson (FL) 
(Neguse) 
Wilson (SC) 
(Timmons) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The pre-
vious question is ordered on the bill, as 
amended. 
The question is on the engrossment 
and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the 
third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I have 
a motion at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the motion to recom-
mit. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Walberg moves to recommit the bill 
(H.R. 5129) to the Committee on Education 
and Labor. 
The material previously referred to 
by Mr. WALBERG is as follows: 
Beginning on page 36, strike line 23 and all 
that follows through line 3 on page 37. 
Page 39, after line 8, insert the following: 
‘‘SEC. 680A. OPERATIONAL RULE. 
‘‘(a) RELIGIOUS ORGANIZATIONS INCLUDED AS 
NONGOVERNMENTAL PROVIDERS.—For any pro-
gram carried out by the Federal Govern-
ment, or by a State or local government 
under this subtitle, the government shall 
consider, on the same basis as other non-
governmental organizations, religious orga-
nizations to provide the assistance under the 
program, so long as the program is imple-
mented in a manner consistent with the Es-
tablishment Clause of the first amendment 
to the Constitution. Neither the Federal 
Government nor a State or local government 
receiving funds under this subtitle shall dis-
criminate against an organization that pro-
vides assistance under, or applies to provide 
assistance under, this subtitle, on the basis 
that the organization has a religious char-
acter. 
‘‘(b) RELIGIOUS CHARACTER AND INDEPEND-
ENCE.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—A religious organization 
that provides assistance under a program de-
scribed in subsection (a) shall retain its reli-
gious character and control over the defini-
tion, development, practice, and expression 
of its religious beliefs. 
‘‘(2) ADDITIONAL SAFEGUARDS.—Neither the 
Federal Government nor a State or local 
government shall require a religious organi-
zation— 
‘‘(A) to alter its form of internal govern-
ance, except (for purposes of administration 
of the community services block grant pro-
gram) as provided in section 680(c); or 
‘‘(B) to remove religious art, icons, scrip-
ture, or other symbols; in order to be eligible 
to provide assistance under a program de-
scribed in subsection (a). 
‘‘(3) EMPLOYMENT
PRACTICES.—A religious 
organization’s exemption provided under sec-
tion 702 of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 
U.S.C. 2000e–1) regarding employment prac-
tices shall not be affected by its participa-
tion in, or receipt of funds from, programs 
described in subsection (a). 
‘‘(c) NONDISCRIMINATION
AGAINST
BENE-
FICIARIES.—A religious organization that 
provides assistance under a program de-
scribed in subsection (a) shall not, in pro-
viding such assistance, discriminate against 
a program beneficiary or prospective pro-
gram beneficiary on the basis of religion or 
religious belief.″ 
‘‘(d) LIMITATIONS
ON USE
OF FUNDS
FOR 
CERTAIN PURPOSES.—No funds provided di-
rectly to a religious organization to provide 
assistance under any program described in 
subsection (a) shall be expended for sectarian 
worship, instruction, or proselytization. 
‘‘(e) FISCAL ACCOUNTABILITY.— 
‘‘(1) IN
GENERAL.—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), any religious organization 
providing assistance under any program de-
scribed in subsection (a) shall be subject to 
the same regulations as other nongovern-
mental organizations to account in accord 
with generally accepted accounting prin-
ciples for the use of such funds provided 
under such program. 
‘‘(2) LIMITED
AUDIT.—Such organization 
shall segregate government funds provided 
under such program into a separate account. 
Only the government funds shall be subject 
to audit by the government. 
‘‘(f) TREATMENT OF ELIGIBLE ENTITIES AND 
OTHER INTERMEDIATE ORGANIZATIONS.—If an 
eligible entity or other organization (re-
ferred to in this subsection as an ‘inter-
mediate organization’), acting under a con-
tract, or grant or other agreement, with the 
Federal Government or a State or local gov-
ernment, is given the authority under the 
contract or agreement to select nongovern-
mental organizations to provide assistance 
under the programs described in subsection 
(a), the intermediate organization shall have 
the same duties under this section as the 
government.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 2(b) of rule XIX, the pre-
vious question is ordered on the motion 
to recommit. 
The question is on the motion to re-
commit. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that 
the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, on that 
I demand the yeas and nays. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. 
ROSS). Pursuant to section 3(s) of 
House Resolution 8, the yeas and nays 
are ordered. This is a 5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 201, nays 
216, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 181] 
YEAS—201 
Aderholt 
Allen 
Amodei 
Arrington 
Babin 
Bacon 
Baird 
Balderson 
Banks 
Barr 
Bentz 
Bergman 
Bice (OK) 
Biggs 
Bilirakis 
Bishop (NC) 
Boebert 
Bost 
Brooks 
Buchanan 
Buck 
Bucshon 
Burchett 
Burgess 
Calvert 
Cammack 
Carey 
Carl 
Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) 
Cawthorn 
Chabot 
Cheney 
Cline 
Cloud 
Clyde 
Cole 
Comer 
Crawford 
Crenshaw 
Curtis 
Davidson 
Davis, Rodney 
DesJarlais 
Diaz-Balart 
Donalds 
Duncan 
Dunn 
Ellzey 
Emmer 
Estes 
Fallon 
Feenstra 
Ferguson 
Fischbach 
Fitzgerald 
Fitzpatrick 
Fleischmann 
Foxx 
Franklin, C. 
Scott 
Fulcher 
Gaetz 
Gallagher 
Garbarino 
Garcia (CA) 
Gibbs 
Gimenez 
Gohmert 
Gonzales, Tony 
Good (VA) 
Gooden (TX) 
Gosar 
Granger 
Graves (LA) 
Graves (MO) 
Green (TN) 
Greene (GA) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:47 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00032
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A13MY7.035
H13MYPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 31-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4955 
May 13, 2022 
Griffith 
Grothman 
Guest 
Guthrie 
Harris 
Harshbarger 
Hartzler 
Hern 
Herrell 
Herrera Beutler 
Hice (GA) 
Higgins (LA) 
Hill 
Hinson 
Hollingsworth 
Hudson 
Huizenga 
Issa 
Jackson 
Jacobs (NY) 
Johnson (LA) 
Johnson (OH) 
Johnson (SD) 
Jordan 
Joyce (OH) 
Joyce (PA) 
Katko 
Keller 
Kelly (MS) 
Kelly (PA) 
Kim (CA) 
Kinzinger 
Kustoff 
LaHood 
LaMalfa 
Lamborn 
Latta 
LaTurner 
Lesko 
Letlow 
Long 
Loudermilk 
Lucas 
Luetkemeyer 
Mace 
Malliotakis 
Mann 
Massie 
Mast 
McCarthy 
McCaul 
McClain 
McClintock 
McHenry 
Meijer 
Meuser 
Miller (IL) 
Miller (WV) 
Miller-Meeks 
Moolenaar 
Mooney 
Moore (AL) 
Moore (UT) 
Mullin 
Murphy (NC) 
Nehls 
Newhouse 
Norman 
Obernolte 
Owens 
Palazzo 
Palmer 
Pence 
Perry 
Pfluger 
Posey 
Reschenthaler 
Rice (SC) 
Rodgers (WA) 
Rogers (AL) 
Rogers (KY) 
Rose 
Rosendale 
Rouzer 
Roy 
Rutherford 
Salazar 
Scalise 
Schweikert 
Scott, Austin 
Sessions 
Simpson 
Smith (NE) 
Smith (NJ) 
Smucker 
Spartz 
Stauber 
Steel 
Stefanik 
Steil 
Steube 
Stewart 
Taylor 
Tenney 
Thompson (PA) 
Tiffany 
Timmons 
Turner 
Upton 
Valadao 
Van Drew 
Van Duyne 
Wagner 
Walberg 
Walorski 
Waltz 
Weber (TX) 
Webster (FL) 
Wenstrup 
Williams (TX) 
Wilson (SC) 
Wittman 
Womack 
Zeldin 
NAYS—216 
Adams 
Aguilar 
Allred 
Auchincloss 
Axne 
Barraga´n 
Bass 
Beatty 
Bera 
Beyer 
Bishop (GA) 
Blumenauer 
Blunt Rochester 
Bonamici 
Bourdeaux 
Bowman 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brown (MD) 
Brown (OH) 
Brownley 
Bush 
Bustos 
Butterfield 
Carbajal 
Ca´rdenas 
Carson 
Carter (LA) 
Cartwright 
Casten 
Castor (FL) 
Castro (TX) 
Cherfilus- 
McCormick 
Chu 
Cicilline 
Clark (MA) 
Clarke (NY) 
Cleaver 
Clyburn 
Cohen 
Connolly 
Cooper 
Correa 
Costa 
Courtney 
Craig 
Crist 
Crow 
Cuellar 
Davids (KS) 
Davis, Danny K. 
Dean 
DeFazio 
DeGette 
DeLauro 
DelBene 
Delgado 
Demings 
DeSaulnier 
Deutch 
Dingell 
Doggett 
Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Escobar 
Eshoo 
Espaillat 
Evans 
Fletcher 
Foster 
Frankel, Lois 
Gallego 
Garamendi 
Garcı´a (IL) 
Garcia (TX) 
Golden 
Gomez 
Gonzalez, 
Vicente 
Gottheimer 
Green, Al (TX) 
Grijalva 
Harder (CA) 
Hayes 
Higgins (NY) 
Himes 
Horsford 
Houlahan 
Hoyer 
Huffman 
Jackson Lee 
Jacobs (CA) 
Jayapal 
Jeffries 
Johnson (GA) 
Johnson (TX) 
Jones 
Kahele 
Kaptur 
Keating 
Kelly (IL) 
Khanna 
Kildee 
Kilmer 
Kim (NJ) 
Kind 
Kirkpatrick 
Krishnamoorthi 
Kuster 
Lamb 
Langevin 
Larsen (WA) 
Larson (CT) 
Lawrence 
Lawson (FL) 
Lee (CA) 
Lee (NV) 
Leger Fernandez 
Levin (CA) 
Levin (MI) 
Lieu 
Lofgren 
Lowenthal 
Luria 
Lynch 
Malinowski 
Maloney, 
Carolyn B. 
Maloney, Sean 
Manning 
Matsui 
McBath 
McCollum 
McEachin 
McNerney 
Meeks 
Meng 
Mfume 
Moore (WI) 
Morelle 
Moulton 
Mrvan 
Murphy (FL) 
Nadler 
Napolitano 
Neal 
Neguse 
Newman 
Norcross 
O’Halleran 
Ocasio-Cortez 
Omar 
Pallone 
Panetta 
Pappas 
Pascrell 
Payne 
Perlmutter 
Peters 
Phillips 
Pingree 
Pocan 
Porter 
Pressley 
Price (NC) 
Quigley 
Raskin 
Rice (NY) 
Ross 
Roybal-Allard 
Ruiz 
Ruppersberger 
Rush 
Ryan 
Sa´nchez 
Sarbanes 
Scanlon 
Schakowsky 
Schiff 
Schneider 
Schrader 
Schrier 
Scott (VA) 
Scott, David 
Sherman 
Sherrill 
Sires 
Slotkin 
Smith (WA) 
Soto 
Spanberger 
Stansbury 
Stanton 
Stevens 
Strickland 
Suozzi 
Swalwell 
Takano 
Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) 
Titus 
Tlaib 
Tonko 
Torres (CA) 
Torres (NY) 
Trahan 
Trone 
Underwood 
Vargas 
Veasey 
Vela´zquez 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters 
Watson Coleman 
Welch 
Wexton 
Wild 
Williams (GA) 
Wilson (FL) 
Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—11 
Armstrong 
Brady 
Budd 
Case 
Gonzalez (OH) 
McGovern 
McKinley 
Sewell 
Smith (MO) 
Speier 
Westerman 
b 1211 
So the motion to recommit was re-
jected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
MEMBERS RECORDED PURSUANT TO HOUSE 
RESOLUTION 8, 117TH CONGRESS 
Amodei 
(Balderson) 
Barr (Guthrie) 
Bera (Connolly) 
Bergman 
(Moolenaar) 
Blumenauer 
(Beyer) 
Bourdeaux 
(Wexton) 
Bowman 
(Escobar) 
Brooks (Moore 
(AL)) 
Brownley 
(Kuster) 
Bush (Escobar) 
Bustos (Kuster) 
Butterfield 
(Ross) 
Carbajal 
(Pallone) 
Ca´rdenas (Soto) 
Carter (LA) 
(Blunt 
Rochester) 
Casten (Foster) 
Castro (TX) 
(Garcia (TX)) 
Cawthorn (Nehls) 
Crawford (Long) 
Cuellar (Garcia 
(TX)) 
Curtis (Owens) 
Davis, Danny K. 
(Foster) 
Delgado (Neguse) 
DeSaulnier 
(Beyer) 
Deutch (Neguse) 
Doyle, Michael 
F. (Pallone) 
Evans (Beyer) 
Fallon (Nehls) 
Gaetz (Boebert) 
Gallego (Soto) 
Garamendi 
(Beyer) 
Gomez (Soto) 
Green (TN) 
(Fleischmann) 
Jeffries (Neguse) 
Johnson (SD) 
(Valadao) 
Johnson (TX) 
(Stevens) 
Kahele (Neguse) 
Kelly (IL) (Blunt 
Rochester) 
Khanna 
(Escobar) 
Kind (Beyer) 
Kinzinger 
(Meijer) 
Kirkpatrick 
(Pallone) 
Lamb (Pallone) 
Langevin 
(Lynch) 
LaTurner (Mann) 
Lawrence 
(Stevens) 
Lawson (FL) 
(Soto) 
Lofgren 
(Aguilar) 
Lowenthal 
(Beyer) 
Luetkemeyer 
(McHenry) 
McEachin 
(Wexton) 
Meeks (Clarke 
(NY)) 
Meuser 
(Reschenthaler) 
Mfume (Blunt 
Rochester) 
Moore (UT) 
(Carl) 
Moore (WI) 
(Beyer) 
Ocasio-Cortez 
(Escobar) 
Payne (Pallone) 
Perlmutter 
(Courtney) 
Porter (Wexton) 
Price (NC) (Ross) 
Rice (NY) 
(Peters (CA)) 
Rodgers (WA) 
(Joyce (PA)) 
Ryan (Kaptur) 
Sa´nchez (Beyer) 
Schrader 
(Kuster) 
Scott, David 
(Correa) 
Sherrill 
(Pallone) 
Sires (Pallone) 
Spartz (Miller- 
Meeks) 
Stauber (Bacon) 
Stewart (Owens) 
Strickland 
(Takano) 
Suozzi (Beyer) 
Swalwell 
(Correa) 
Taylor (Nehls) 
Tiffany 
(Fitzgerald) 
Tlaib (Escobar) 
Torres (NY) 
(Neguse) 
Van Duyne 
(Jackson) 
Walorski 
(Wagner) 
Waters (Garcia 
(TX)) 
Watson Coleman 
(Pallone) 
Welch (Pallone) 
Williams (GA) 
(Neguse) 
Wilson (FL) 
(Neguse) 
Wilson (SC) 
(Timmons) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that 
the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. WALBERG. Madam Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 3(s) of House Resolution 
8, the yeas and nays are ordered. 
This is a 5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 246, nays 
169, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 182] 
YEAS—246 
Adams 
Aguilar 
Allred 
Auchincloss 
Axne 
Barraga´n 
Bass 
Beatty 
Bera 
Beyer 
Bishop (GA) 
Blumenauer 
Blunt Rochester 
Bonamici 
Bourdeaux 
Bowman 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brown (MD) 
Brown (OH) 
Brownley 
Bush 
Bustos 
Butterfield 
Carbajal 
Ca´rdenas 
Carson 
Carter (LA) 
Cartwright 
Casten 
Castor (FL) 
Castro (TX) 
Cheney 
Cherfilus- 
McCormick 
Chu 
Cicilline 
Clark (MA) 
Clarke (NY) 
Cleaver 
Clyburn 
Cohen 
Cole 
Comer 
Connolly 
Cooper 
Correa 
Costa 
Courtney 
Craig 
Crist 
Crow 
Cuellar 
Davids (KS) 
Davis, Danny K. 
Davis, Rodney 
Dean 
DeFazio 
DeGette 
DeLauro 
DelBene 
Delgado 
Demings 
DeSaulnier 
Deutch 
Dingell 
Doggett 
Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Escobar 
Eshoo 
Espaillat 
Evans 
Fitzgerald 
Fitzpatrick 
Fletcher 
Foster 
Frankel, Lois 
Gallego 
Garamendi 
Garbarino 
Garcı´a (IL) 
Golden 
Gomez 
Gonzales, Tony 
Gonzalez, 
Vicente 
Gottheimer 
Green, Al (TX) 
Grijalva 
Guthrie 
Harder (CA) 
Hayes 
Higgins (NY) 
Himes 
Horsford 
Houlahan 
Hoyer 
Huffman 
Jackson Lee 
Jacobs (CA) 
Jayapal 
Jeffries 
Johnson (GA) 
Johnson (OH) 
Johnson (TX) 
Jones 
Joyce (OH) 
Kahele 
Kaptur 
Katko 
Keating 
Keller 
Kelly (IL) 
Khanna 
Kildee 
Kilmer 
Kim (NJ) 
Kind 
Kinzinger 
Kirkpatrick 
Krishnamoorthi 
Kuster 
Lamb 
Langevin 
Larsen (WA) 
Larson (CT) 
Lawrence 
Lawson (FL) 
Lee (CA) 
Lee (NV) 
Leger Fernandez 
Levin (CA) 
Levin (MI) 
Lieu 
Lofgren 
Lowenthal 
Luria 
Lynch 
Malinowski 
Maloney, 
Carolyn B. 
Maloney, Sean 
Manning 
Matsui 
McBath 
McCaul 
McCollum 
McEachin 
McNerney 
Meeks 
Meijer 
Meng 
Meuser 
Mfume 
Miller-Meeks 
Moore (WI) 
Morelle 
Moulton 
Mrvan 
Murphy (FL) 
Nadler 
Napolitano 
Neal 
Neguse 
Newhouse 
Newman 
Norcross 
O’Halleran 
Ocasio-Cortez 
Omar 
Owens 
Pallone 
Panetta 
Pappas 
Pascrell 
Payne 
Perlmutter 
Peters 
Phillips 
Pingree 
Pocan 
Porter 
Pressley 
Price (NC) 
Quigley 
Raskin 
Rice (NY) 
Rogers (KY) 
Ross 
Roybal-Allard 
Ruiz 
Ruppersberger 
Rush 
Ryan 
Salazar 
Sa´nchez 
Sarbanes 
Scanlon 
Schakowsky 
Schiff 
Schneider 
Schrader 
Schrier 
Scott (VA) 
Scott, David 
Sewell 
Sherman 
Sherrill 
Simpson 
Sires 
Slotkin 
Smith (WA) 
Soto 
Spanberger 
Stansbury 
Stanton 
Steel 
Stefanik 
Stevens 
Strickland 
Suozzi 
Swalwell 
Takano 
Tenney 
Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) 
Thompson (PA) 
Titus 
Tlaib 
Tonko 
Torres (CA) 
Torres (NY) 
Trahan 
Trone 
Turner 
Underwood 
Upton 
Valadao 
Vargas 
Veasey 
Vela´zquez 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters 
Watson Coleman 
Welch 
Wexton 
Wild 
Williams (GA) 
Wilson (FL) 
Yarmuth 
NAYS—169 
Aderholt 
Allen 
Amodei 
Arrington 
Babin 
Bacon 
Baird 
Balderson 
Banks 
Barr 
Bentz 
Bergman 
Bice (OK) 
Biggs 
Bilirakis 
Bishop (NC) 
Boebert 
Bost 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:47 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00033
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A13MY7.039
H13MYPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 32-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4956 
May 13, 2022 
Brooks 
Buchanan 
Buck 
Bucshon 
Burchett 
Burgess 
Calvert 
Cammack 
Carey 
Carl 
Carter (TX) 
Cawthorn 
Chabot 
Cline 
Cloud 
Clyde 
Crawford 
Crenshaw 
Curtis 
Davidson 
DesJarlais 
Diaz-Balart 
Donalds 
Duncan 
Dunn 
Ellzey 
Emmer 
Estes 
Fallon 
Feenstra 
Ferguson 
Fischbach 
Fleischmann 
Foxx 
Franklin, C. 
Scott 
Fulcher 
Gaetz 
Gallagher 
Garcia (CA) 
Gibbs 
Gimenez 
Gohmert 
Good (VA) 
Gooden (TX) 
Gosar 
Granger 
Graves (LA) 
Graves (MO) 
Green (TN) 
Greene (GA) 
Griffith 
Grothman 
Guest 
Harris 
Harshbarger 
Hartzler 
Hern 
Herrell 
Herrera Beutler 
Hice (GA) 
Higgins (LA) 
Hill 
Hinson 
Hollingsworth 
Hudson 
Huizenga 
Issa 
Jackson 
Jacobs (NY) 
Johnson (LA) 
Johnson (SD) 
Jordan 
Joyce (PA) 
Kelly (MS) 
Kelly (PA) 
Kim (CA) 
Kustoff 
LaHood 
LaMalfa 
Lamborn 
Latta 
LaTurner 
Lesko 
Letlow 
Long 
Loudermilk 
Lucas 
Luetkemeyer 
Mace 
Malliotakis 
Mann 
Massie 
Mast 
McCarthy 
McClain 
McClintock 
McHenry 
Miller (WV) 
Moolenaar 
Mooney 
Moore (AL) 
Moore (UT) 
Mullin 
Murphy (NC) 
Nehls 
Norman 
Obernolte 
Palazzo 
Palmer 
Pence 
Perry 
Pfluger 
Posey 
Reschenthaler 
Rice (SC) 
Rodgers (WA) 
Rogers (AL) 
Rose 
Rosendale 
Rouzer 
Roy 
Rutherford 
Scalise 
Schweikert 
Scott, Austin 
Sessions 
Smith (NE) 
Smith (NJ) 
Smucker 
Spartz 
Stauber 
Steil 
Steube 
Stewart 
Taylor 
Tiffany 
Timmons 
Van Drew 
Van Duyne 
Wagner 
Walberg 
Walorski 
Waltz 
Weber (TX) 
Webster (FL) 
Wenstrup 
Williams (TX) 
Wilson (SC) 
Wittman 
Womack 
Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—13 
Armstrong 
Brady 
Budd 
Carter (GA) 
Case 
Garcia (TX) 
Gonzalez (OH) 
McGovern 
McKinley 
Miller (IL) 
Smith (MO) 
Speier 
Westerman 
b 1225 
Mr. FEENSTRA changed his vote 
from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
So the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated against: 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Madam Speaker, 
had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ 
on rollcall No. 182. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
Mr. WESTERMAN. Madam Speaker, due to 
a schedule conflict, I was unable to cast roll 
call votes on Friday, May 13th. Had I been 
present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall 
No. 178, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 179, ‘‘yea’’ on 
rollcall No. 180, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 181, and 
‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 182. 
MEMBERS RECORDED PURSUANT TO HOUSE 
RESOLUTION 8, 117TH CONGRESS 
Amodei 
(Balderson) 
Barr (Guthrie) 
Bera (Connolly) 
Bergman 
(Moolenaar) 
Blumenauer 
(Beyer) 
Bourdeaux 
(Wexton) 
Bowman 
(Escobar) 
Brooks (Moore 
(AL)) 
Brownley 
(Kuster) 
Bush (Escobar) 
Bustos (Kuster) 
Butterfield 
(Ross) 
Carbajal 
(Pallone) 
Ca´rdenas (Soto) 
Carter (LA) 
(Blunt 
Rochester) 
Casten (Foster) 
Castro (TX) 
(Garcia (TX)) 
Cawthorn (Nehls) 
Crawford (Long) 
Cuellar (Garcia 
(TX)) 
Curtis (Owens) 
Davis, Danny K. 
(Foster) 
Delgado (Neguse) 
DeSaulnier 
(Beyer) 
Deutch (Neguse) 
Doyle, Michael 
F. (Pallone) 
Evans (Beyer) 
Fallon (Nehls) 
Gaetz (Boebert) 
Gallego (Soto) 
Garamendi 
(Beyer) 
Gomez (Soto) 
Green (TN) 
(Fleischmann) 
Jeffries (Neguse) 
Johnson (SD) 
(Valadao) 
Johnson (TX) 
(Stevens) 
Kahele (Neguse) 
Kelly (IL) (Blunt 
Rochester) 
Khanna 
(Escobar) 
Kind (Beyer) 
Kinzinger 
(Meijer) 
Kirkpatrick 
(Pallone) 
Lamb (Pallone) 
Langevin 
(Lynch) 
LaTurner (Mann) 
Lawrence 
(Stevens) 
Lawson (FL) 
(Soto) 
Lofgren 
(Aguilar) 
Lowenthal 
(Beyer) 
Luetkemeyer 
(McHenry) 
McEachin 
(Wexton) 
Meeks (Clarke 
(NY)) 
Meuser 
(Reschenthaler) 
Mfume (Blunt 
Rochester) 
Moore (UT) 
(Carl) 
Moore (WI) 
(Beyer) 
Ocasio-Cortez 
(Escobar) 
Payne (Pallone) 
Perlmutter 
(Courtney) 
Porter (Wexton) 
Price (NC) (Ross) 
Rice (NY) 
(Peters (CA)) 
Rodgers (WA) 
(Joyce (PA)) 
Ryan (Kaptur) 
Sa´nchez (Beyer) 
Schrader 
(Kuster) 
Scott, David 
(Correa) 
Sewell (Cicilline) 
Sherrill 
(Pallone) 
Sires (Pallone) 
Spartz (Miller- 
Meeks) 
Stauber (Bacon) 
Stewart (Owens) 
Strickland 
(Takano) 
Suozzi (Beyer) 
Swalwell 
(Correa) 
Taylor (Nehls) 
Tiffany 
(Fitzgerald) 
Tlaib (Escobar) 
Torres (NY) 
(Neguse) 
Van Duyne 
(Jackson) 
Walorski 
(Wagner) 
Waters (Garcia 
(TX)) 
Watson Coleman 
(Pallone) 
Welch (Pallone) 
Williams (GA) 
(Neguse) 
Wilson (FL) 
(Neguse) 
Wilson (SC) 
(Timmons) 
f 
PERMISSION FOR MEMBER TO BE 
CONSIDERED AS FIRST SPONSOR 
OF H.R. 7648 
Mr. COLE. Madam Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that I may here-
after be considered to be the first spon-
sor of H.R. 7648, a bill originally intro-
duced by Representative Young of 
Alaska, for the purposes of adding co-
sponsors and requesting reprintings 
pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. 
ROSS). Is there objection to the request 
of the gentleman from Oklahoma? 
There was no objection. 
f 
b 1230 
LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM 
(Mr. SCALISE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I rise for 
the purpose of inquiring to the major-
ity leader the schedule for next week. 
Mr. Speaker, I am happy to yield to 
the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. 
HOYER), the House majority leader. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the Republican 
whip for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, on Monday, the House 
will meet at 12 p.m. for morning hour 
and 2 p.m. for legislative business, with 
votes postponed until 6:30 p.m. 
On Tuesday, the House will meet at 9 
a.m. and will recess shortly thereafter. 
At approximately 11 a.m., the House 
will meet in joint session with His Ex-
cellency 
Kyriakos 
Mitsotakis, 
the 
Prime Minister of the Hellenic Repub-
lic, Greece. Votes are expected in the 
House on Tuesday thereafter. 
On Wednesday, the House will meet 
at 12 p.m. for legislative business. 
On Thursday, the House will meet at 
9 a.m. for legislative business. 
The House will consider Chairman 
SCOTT’s H.R. 7309, the Workforce Inno-
vation and Opportunity Act of 2022, 
which is an important part of the Make 
It In America agenda. Now more than 
ever, businesses need skilled workers, 
and it is essential that we reauthorize 
WIOA to expand access to skills train-
ing for high-demand, high-wage jobs. 
Mr. Speaker, the House will also con-
sider H.R. 7688, the Consumer Fuel 
Price Gouging Prevention Act, intro-
duced by Representatives KIM SCHRIER 
and KATIE PORTER. This critical legis-
lation seeks to give the Federal Trade 
Commission greater authority to rein 
in excessive gas prices. This bill would 
protect consumers against irrespon-
sible actors in oil and gas who would 
artificially inflate prices for extra prof-
it, and it will help Americans strug-
gling with higher energy costs. 
Mr. Speaker, the House will also con-
sider two bills under suspension of the 
rules in recognition of National Police 
Week. 
Mr. Speaker, 23,229 of our fellow citi-
zens have lost their lives, over the 
course of the existence of our country, 
in law enforcement, in doing their du-
ties and protecting us and protecting 
our property. 
The first of those bills is H.R. 6943, 
the Public Safety Officer Support Act, 
bipartisan legislation that would ex-
pand eligibility for the Public Safety 
Officers’ Benefit program to include 
stress and trauma-related injuries and 
death by suicide for law enforcement 
officers and their families. 
Tragically, Mr. Speaker, that hap-
pens too often as a result of the trauma 
and stress which our police officers 
around the country confront. 
The second bill is H.R. 2992, the TBI 
and PTSD Law Enforcement Training 
Act, again bipartisan legislation, Mr. 
Speaker, that would require the De-
partment of Justice to develop crisis 
intervention training tools for law en-
forcement agencies so they can better 
equip officers to respond to individuals 
with traumatic brain injuries and post- 
traumatic stress disorder, some of the 
most dangerous confrontations that 
our officers have. 
The House will also consider, Mr. 
Speaker, H.R. 6531, the Targeting Re-
sources to Communities in Need Act of 
2022, sponsored by JIM CLYBURN and 
HAL ROGERS, the ranking member on 
the Appropriations Committee. Unfor-
tunately, that failed on suspension, so 
it is coming back under a rule. 
We will also consider S. 2938, legisla-
tion to designate the United States 
Courthouse and Federal Building lo-
cated at 111 North Adams Street in 
Tallahassee, Florida, as the Joseph 
Woodrow 
Hatchett 
United 
States 
Courthouse 
and 
Federal 
Building, 
which was sponsored by Senator MARCO 
RUBIO, 
Republican 
Member 
of 
the 
United States Senate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:47 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00034
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A13MY7.041
H13MYPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 33-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4957 
May 13, 2022 
The House will consider other bills 
under suspension of the rules. The com-
plete list of suspensions will be an-
nounced by the close of business today. 
In addition, Mr. Speaker, we obvi-
ously will be ready at any time that 
the Senate can pass assistance to the 
extraordinary, brave, and courageous 
Ukrainians, who are confronting the 
Russian criminal invasion of their 
country unprovoked, unwarranted, and 
unjustified. 
We will have that legislation as soon 
as it comes back here considered, hope-
fully, on this floor so that we can get 
some $40 billion in military and hu-
manitarian assistance that is needed in 
Ukraine so critically. 
It is a sad thing that we passed this 
bill Tuesday night, and it has been sit-
ting in the Senate with essentially now 
one Senator, one Republican Senator, 
Mr. PAUL of Kentucky, holding it up. I 
am hopeful that the Senate can move 
it over to us quickly. 
We passed it in an overwhelmingly 
bipartisan fashion when it was here, so 
that is also a possibility, Mr. Speaker, 
to be on the floor next week. 
Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, as we 
look at some of the bills that will be 
brought up next week, in the price 
gouging bill, there are a number of con-
cerns with the way it is not really de-
fined in terms of what price gouging 
would even be. But as we know, the 
current state of our energy crisis is 
really because we, through the Biden 
administration, have shut down energy 
production in America. 
In fact, just the other day, earlier 
this week, in the midst of dramatically 
high gas prices, President Biden an-
nounced that he is canceling massive 
oil and gas lease sales. In the Gulf of 
Mexico, where there are rich reserves 
of American energy that could be pro-
duced, and Alaska, where there are rich 
reserves of American energy that could 
be produced, President Biden said no 
yet again. And this isn’t the first time. 
In fact, since he became President, 
on day one, Joe Biden started attack-
ing American energy. He killed not 
only the Keystone but the ability to 
produce and make any new pipelines in 
America to move energy around our 
country so that we don’t have to im-
port it from countries like Russia. 
President Biden made us dependent on 
Russian oil. In fact, he was begging 
Putin to send us more oil while he is 
canceling the ability for us to produce 
our own energy. 
You have seen other steps that the 
President has taken all throughout his 
Presidency to make it almost impos-
sible to produce American energy, to 
move 
American 
energy, 
to 
export 
American energy. LNG permits are sit-
ting on the desk waiting to be signed 
for over a year, not a single new LNG 
export permit to help not just America 
lower our energy prices but to help our 
friends around the world, especially in 
Europe, not need to get energy from 
bad actors like Putin. 
As Putin is, hopefully, going to be 
pushed to the side in terms of energy 
that we get, the President continues to 
turn not to American energy but to 
turn to other dictators, to go to Iran, 
to go to Venezuela, while shutting 
down American energy. 
So, we have a bill, and I brought this 
up to the majority leader a number of 
times, H.R. 6858, with over 130 cospon-
sors, a bill that would actually open up 
American energy so that we can lower 
gas prices. We can actually do some-
thing about it, not try to point the fin-
ger and blame this person. 
The President tried blaming Putin. 
Nobody in the country bought it be-
cause they knew gas prices were going 
up dramatically well before Putin in-
vaded 
Ukraine. 
In 
fact, 
President 
Biden, by shutting down American en-
ergy, allowed Putin to make $700 mil-
lion a day selling his oil to America 
and Europe, $700 million a day leading 
up to the war to help fund the war 
against 
Ukraine 
because 
President 
Biden said no to American energy over 
and over again. This bill would actu-
ally fix that. 
Now, when you look at the price 
gouging bill, first of all, Secretary 
Granholm, the Secretary of Energy, 
was asked in a committee hearing re-
cently, just about 2 weeks ago, if there 
was price gouging. She said: I am not 
sure anyone is saying there is whole-
sale gouging. 
Now, if you read the bill, what we 
have seen of it so far, it doesn’t allow 
the FTC to take action against the 
President of the United States, who ac-
tually is responsible for the gouging 
prices, high prices, whatever you want 
to define ‘‘gouging’’ as. 
Again, the bill itself is very vague. If 
you just don’t like a high price, you 
can go blame somebody else, or we 
could actually do something about it. 
We could actually bring a bill, like 
H.R. 6858, that would actually allow us 
to open up American energy that is 
here—great technology, lowest carbon 
emissions in the world, by the way, as 
we are now forced to rely on energy 
from other countries that actually 
emit more carbon to produce their oil. 
Mr. HOYER. Will the gentleman 
yield just on that point? 
Mr. SCALISE. I would yield. Espe-
cially if the gentleman would tell me 
we are bringing this up on the floor, I 
would be happy to yield right now. 
Mr. HOYER. On just that point, the 
gentleman mentioned this the last 
time we had a colloquy and pointed out 
that the drilling and processing of pe-
troleum products are the cleanest in 
the world. You made that point last 
week, and you have just made it now. 
Does the gentleman know why that is 
the case? 
Mr. SCALISE. Because America has 
the best standards in the world. 
Mr. HOYER. Correct. 
Mr. SCALISE. America knows how to 
do it better. 
By the way, it is American innova-
tion that has opened up the ability to 
produce more energy cleaner than any-
one else in the world, and the President 
of the United States is the one saying 
no to America. He is not saying no to 
all energy. He is saying no to the 
cleanest American energy. But then he 
is begging foreign countries, which ac-
tually produce energy without Amer-
ican standards, begging them to give us 
our oil at a much higher price than 
just doing it here in the best place to 
do it in the world. 
It perplexes me why the President of 
the United States says no to American 
energy while begging dictators to give 
us our energy at a higher cost, but that 
is where we are. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gen-
tleman. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, we have had this discus-
sion before. I am going to take a little 
bit of time to—because if you just lis-
ten to the Republican whip, you would 
think that America is bereft of produc-
tion of oil, or of LNG, or of petroleum- 
based products. 
I want to go through what America is 
doing, what the increase has been, and 
what can be done. 
First of all, the United States is the 
largest producer of oil in the world— 
18.61 million barrels per day. Saudi 
Arabia is about half of that, at 10.8. 
Russia is slightly less than Saudi Ara-
bia; Canada about half of what Russia 
is doing; China about half, a little less 
than half, of what Russia is doing. So, 
we are the largest producer of petro-
leum products. 
b 1245 
We import some, and that is largely 
based on the type of petroleum prod-
ucts that we use. On crude oil we pro-
duced 11.6 million barrels in February 
2022. The all-time high was 12.9, almost 
13 million barrels. 
When Trump took office, we produced 
8.8 billion barrels in January 2017. In 
2008, we produced 5 million barrels. We 
more than doubled that in a decade 
from that 5 million. 
Oil production is up more than 700,000 
billion barrels from January to Decem-
ber 2021. It is up. It is very substan-
tially up. Oil production is projected to 
grow more than 1 million barrels this 
year alone. 
The U.S. rig count—this is important 
because these are the rigs that are in 
operation. The U.S. rig count is at a 
current level of 705, up seven from a 
week ago, and 257 from 1 year ago—a 57 
percent increase. 
So the presentation that somehow we 
are handcuffed in producing petroleum 
products is simply not true. In terms of 
natural gas, the United States is also 
the largest producer of natural gas in 
the world, at 3 trillion—3.109 billion 
cubic feet. Russia is second, Iran is 
third, and China is fourth, and Qatar is 
fifth. 
In December of 2011, Mr. Speaker, the 
U.S. was producing 82.1 billion cubic 
feet of natural gas. That was in 2011. In 
December 2021, we are now producing 
118 billion cubic feet, a 45 percent in-
crease in 10 years. Again, to hear the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:47 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00035
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.043
H13MYPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 34-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4958 
May 13, 2022 
whip talking about it, it would be as if 
we have been somewhat constrained 
and are not doing our job. 
Now, I happen to have an export com-
pany in my district, Calvert Cliffs, a 
nuclear facility. Right south of Calvert 
Cliffs is an export facility for LNG, in 
Cove Point, Maryland. In October 2021, 
66 percent of the deliveries went to 
Asia, 34 percent went to Europe. 
In February and March of this year, 
it is now 80 percent to Europe and 20 
percent to Asia. 
Why is that? So that we can meet the 
cutoff that has either happened be-
cause Russia did it or it has happened 
because the Europeans have stopped 
buying, in some respects, Russian prod-
uct. 
In any event, at the end of 2021, the 
U.S. had a peak export capacity of 11.6 
billion cubic feet per day. By the end of 
2022, that figure is expected to increase 
by 20 percent. This is not a country 
that is locking down the production of 
oil. 
In addition, let me point out that 
there are—I want to get the right fig-
ure—oil and gas companies already 
have 26 million acres of public lands to 
drill on and over 11 million acres of 
Federal waters that are currently at 
their disposal. They have 37 million 
acres in total. Nothing is stopping 
these companies from drilling there, if 
they choose to do so. 
The industry, Mr. Speaker, holds 
9,000 unused approved permits right 
now. There are 9,000 approved permits 
to drill, which they are not using. 
Last fall, the Biden administration 
put 80 million acres of the Gulf of Mex-
ico for auction; unfortunately, the 
court overturned that. There has not 
been a pursuit of that, as the whip will 
point out, since that time. The point is 
that the response to that offer got a 2 
percent response for 1.7 million acres 
out of the 80 million acres that were of-
fered. 
Now, the reason I took some time to 
go 
through 
these 
figures—nobody 
ought to be confused by the fact that 
what we are experiencing is a cause of 
the President’s proper view that we 
need to move to alternative fuels, a 
proper view that we need to, as the 
whip has pointed out, have safe produc-
tion, safe processing, energy efficient, 
but also environmentally sensitive pro-
duction of our oil products. All of 
which we are doing. 
I want to make it very clear that my 
personal view is we need to make sure 
that Europe has product, period, for 
national security reasons and, as the 
whip points out, for environmental rea-
sons. There ought to be no confusion 
that oil production in this country is 
doing very well. 
Now, why do some companies say 
they are not producing a lot? Because 
they are making a lot of money, a lot 
of profits, and buying back stock. That 
enhances the value of that stock. It en-
hances the value of the company. It en-
hances the value of the CEO. I don’t 
criticize them for that. 
Very frankly, we are at war. A dic-
tator has invaded, without justifica-
tion, a friendly country, Ukraine. They 
have fought back with extraordinary 
valor. What we really ought to do is 
talk together about how we can make 
sure that we bring gas prices down. 
Now, whether the FTC decides—as 
the gentleman has pointed out, Mr. 
Speaker—whether 
or 
not 
there 
is 
gouging, if they don’t decide that then, 
as Secretary Granholm observed, they 
are not sure, so be it. If they are 
gouging—if they are incorrectly charg-
ing consumers a higher price just be-
cause they can, then we ought to know 
about that. 
That is what this bill is about, and 
that is going to be discussed next week. 
There ought to be no confusion, we are 
producing a lot of oil. We are producing 
a lot of LNG. We are trying to provide 
for our own needs and the needs of 
those who are confronting tyranny in 
Europe and are confronting shortages 
in Europe, which is driving up prices. 
For the gentleman to say that these 
are Biden prices is simply not the case. 
Biden didn’t have anything to do with 
these prices. We were producing more 
petroleum products. What happened is 
the cartels, which have done so—and I 
am old enough to remember what hap-
pened in the early 1970s—the cartels 
are controlling supply. 
As a result, the shortness of supply 
and the increase in demand—why? Be-
cause we dealt with the pandemic. We 
got shots in arms. Once we got shots in 
arms and we are not wearing masks on 
the floor anymore, we are in better 
shape health-wise. 
So what are people doing? They are 
going out and driving. Demand is up 
and supply is being kept down by the 
cartels, not by Joe Biden. 
This evidence of the companies not 
producing more product—I get it. They 
are getting very high prices. 
So why should they produce more 
product? If you produce more product 
and if you want to sell more product to 
make more money—but they are mak-
ing a lot of money right now and they 
are buying stock back. The dividends 
are being paid at a healthy rate. So 
here we are. 
Mr. Speaker, I would tell the gen-
tleman that we are going to deal with 
both the supply side, which is impor-
tant, but I also want to make sure that 
we aren’t gouging consumers in the 
process. 
Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, to say 
that Joe Biden is not the reason that 
supply is limited just doesn’t match 
with the facts. Again, just 2 days ago, 
Joe Biden, not Putin, not the big oil 
companies, Joe Biden canceled oil and 
lease sales in the Gulf of Mexico. 
Joe Biden canceled lease sales in 
Alaska. 
Joe Biden, as a candidate—this isn’t 
just some new development for Joe 
Biden—Joe Biden as a candidate for 
President of the United States said: 
‘‘No more drilling, including offshore. 
No ability for the oil industry to con-
tinue to drill. Period.’’ 
That was Joe Biden as a candidate, 
and he didn’t stop there. 
When he became President, on day 
one he started an attack on American 
energy. It is crystal clear why. 
Now, I am glad the gentleman is 
bragging about high production levels, 
but let’s not think for a minute that 
Joe Biden is the reason we have pro-
duction today. If you understand the 
oil and gas industry—I was just on a 
rig in the deep waters of the Gulf of 
Mexico 2 weeks ago, one of the largest- 
producing rigs in the Gulf. Do you 
know that rig got its first lease in 2002? 
It took about 10 years to get the first 
oil. They put private money—all pri-
vate money; over $10 billion of private 
money—into developing those leases. 
There were many leases and permits 
along the way to finally get to the 
point where they could bring oil out of 
the ground, making money to pay back 
the $10-plus billion, to ultimately get 
to a point where they could produce 
over 130,000 barrels today. 
If Joe Biden wants to try to dare 
take credit for those 130,000 barrels 
today, he needs to go check the record 
at how long it took to get that oil from 
lease, permits, out of the ground, to ul-
timately getting it into world markets, 
not American markets. Oil companies 
don’t set the price of oil, it is world 
markets. That oil ultimately depletes, 
which is why the oil companies are al-
ways looking for new opportunities. 
The gentleman talks—as the White 
House has talked—about thousands of 
permits that are out there. It sounds 
really good. Understandably, I think 
people recognize it is a misleading 
number because many of these permits 
are for wells that were tried where 
there is no oil. There is not oil every-
where. 
You buy leases to go explore. It is 
called ‘‘exploration’’ for a reason. If it 
was known reserves—if you go drill 
right under a gas tank you find oil. If 
you want to find oil out amongst the 
natural resources that leases are issued 
for, you do test wells, you do seismic 
engineering. By the way, that takes 
years to go through the process of per-
mitting. 
Since Joe Biden has been President 
they have not issued new leases for 
seismic. So you might have a 3-mile by 
3-mile lease in the Gulf of Mexico that 
you paid millions of dollars to the Fed-
eral Government for years ago, and you 
are continuing to try to explore those 
3 miles by 3 miles that the Federal 
Government was happy to take the 
money for, but you can’t even get a 
permit from the Federal Government 
today to explore that lease—to exercise 
other permits. 
You have to get permits for the pipe-
lines. Not a single new pipeline permit 
has been issued. Even if you get it out 
of the ground, the Biden administra-
tion doesn’t want you to have the abil-
ity to move it through to refineries and 
world markets. 
What you see is a recognition by the 
rest of the world that America has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:47 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00036
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.045
H13MYPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 35-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4959 
May 13, 2022 
taken itself off the shelf in terms of the 
ability to produce energy. Again, Joe 
Biden is the one who canceled all these 
sales. Joe Biden is the one who, as a 
candidate, said there will be no drill-
ing. Cartels love this policy because 
they know now they control the sup-
ply. 
America is producing oil today based 
on permits and actions that were taken 
years ago. What we are seeing today is 
an inability to continue developing 
these leases, which means ultimately 
they will dry up, as all of those leases 
do. That is why you are always explor-
ing for the next round of finds. 
Those next rounds of finds are not 
being explored for in America, they are 
being explored for in other countries, 
but it is countries that are cartels, 
countries that are monopolies, so they 
can control the price. 
It is interesting that the gentleman 
brought up the last time we saw these 
kinds of prices was in the 1970s under a 
similar Democrat President who had 
the same kind of attitude toward 
American energy. It made our country 
dependent on foreign energy and it cre-
ated lines at the pump where people 
had to wait days to get gasoline. 
When you saw President Trump open-
ing up American energy and allowing a 
free market to produce energy—we 
don’t put those constraints in place 
when we are operating under a free 
market, so the cartels have no lever-
age, Putin has no leverage. The only 
reason he has leverage is if you have a 
President like Joe Biden who says we 
are not going to produce in America. 
He said it. He took the actions to fol-
low up on it, including just a few days 
ago. Amidst high gas prices, he actu-
ally took more American energy off 
the market, giving the cartels more 
monopoly power to raise prices. I wish 
we would address that. We have a bill 
to address that and reverse those bad 
policies. Unfortunately, I haven’t heard 
the gentleman commit to bringing 
those to the floor yet. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
b 1300 
So I wish my friend would address 
that. We have a bill to address that and 
reverse those bad policies. Unfortu-
nately, I haven’t heard the gentleman 
bring it to the floor yet. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gen-
tleman. 
Mr. HOYER. It is unfortunate that at 
a time of war that we spend all our 
time blaming our own President. 
It is unfortunate that when the Euro-
peans put themselves over the objec-
tions of numerous administrations in a 
place where they had dependence on 
Russia, Russia has no leverage over us. 
We don’t need Russia for energy. As a 
matter of fact, we voted overwhelm-
ingly to stop buying any petroleum 
products from Russia which I sup-
ported strongly. On this side of the 
aisle and on the other side of the aisle 
we supported that strongly. 
The fact of the matter is the gen-
tleman refuses to recognize 80 million 
acres—now, it was overturned by the 
courts later—80 million acres. He says 
all these people want to produce it and 
they want to look to new places, and 
they want to find oil someplace. There 
was a 2 percent of response. 
Mr. Speaker, 1.7 million acres out of 
80 million acres were bid on. That 
doesn’t sound to me like a stampede to 
find it. 
But let me tell you what he doesn’t 
tell the American people, Mr. Speaker, 
when he is making that presentation. 
And you would think the Biden admin-
istration has clamped things down. The 
Biden administration approved more 
drilling permits in 2021 than the Trump 
administration approved in the first 3 
years they were in office. Let me say 
that again: The Biden administration 
approved more permits in the first year 
of their term than the Trump adminis-
tration did in the first 3 years of their 
term. 
So when he says: Oh, the Biden ad-
ministration is shutting it down and 
that is why we are having the problem; 
we are having the problem because 
Russia—the second, third producer of 
petroleum products in the world—is an 
irresponsible dictatorship run by one 
man, essentially, who wants to use pe-
troleum products as leverage. And he 
had leverage on the Europeans, and he 
had leverage certainly on the Ukrain-
ians. They used energy as a bludgeon. 
In addition to that, the oil companies 
were making huge profits as these 
prices kept going up. So they didn’t go 
out and do a lot of drilling. They didn’t 
bid on a lot of new opportunities that 
maybe they could have produced oil on. 
They didn’t bother. 
Why? 
Because they were making so much 
money. Now, that is a business judg-
ment. But the effect of not doing it 
meant that as demand went up and less 
of a supply, not just from their actions 
but from the actions of the Saudis, oth-
ers, and the cartel, again, three times 
as many permits were authorized in 
the first year of the Biden administra-
tion than 3 years in the Trump admin-
istration. 
So don’t tell me about Donald Trump 
and the free market. The free market 
is one reason why this is happening. I 
am for the free market because sound 
business judgments work: we are mak-
ing a lot of money, with that money we 
are going to buy back stocks; it will 
make the remaining stocks more valu-
able; we are going to pay good divi-
dends; our stock value is going to go 
up, and everybody is happy—except the 
consumer, of course, because supply on 
the world markets—and it is a world 
market price, it is not Biden’s price, it 
is the world market price—have gone 
up because demand is up and supply is 
down. 
So I don’t know how the gentleman 
rationalizes his comments about Biden 
constricting 
petroleum 
production 
when the permits issued are three 
times—or said a different way—in 1 
year three times the number of permits 
that Mr. Trump issued in the first 3 
years of his term. I wish we would get 
off this and really focus on the enemy. 
I know there is a lot of politics here, 
but we are at war. We need to produce 
energy. 
As I told my friend, Cove Point is 
now sending 80 percent, reversing Asia 
supply to European supply because 
they need it because we are at war. 
And we are up in almost every cat-
egory of production of petroleum prod-
ucts. So we can go on and on and on 
about this. Rig counts that are pro-
ducing oil are up 57 percent—57 percent 
from a year ago—a 57 percent increase 
in operating rigs. It doesn’t sound to 
me like Biden is shutting people down. 
Biden does want a clean environ-
ment. Biden does want us to look at al-
ternative energy. That is what he was 
talking about in the campaign that he 
wanted to look to that. But President 
Biden has made it very clear he under-
stands in the short term—short term 
could be 25 years or 5 years—in the 
short term, particularly during the 
course of this war, we need to have all 
the petroleum products, and we need to 
have them for ourselves and for our al-
lies. 
Mr. SCALISE. We will continue this 
discussion. I would like to see us bring 
up the bill that would actually address 
it. We will see this debate go on next 
week and beyond. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
CELEBRATING MOTHER NATURE’S 
GIFTS 
(Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend her re-
marks.) 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, as spring 
moves into full bloom, new life is 
bursting forth along the southern-most 
shore of the Great Lakes along Lake 
Erie. Over 100,000 nature tourists are 
flocking to the Ottawa and Cedar Point 
Federal Wildlife Refuges adjacent to 
Magee Marsh and Maumee Bay State 
Park. Nearby freshwaters hum with 
new life: pickerel, perch, and even 
salmon. 
This week our region is celebrating 
the 30th anniversary of what has grown 
into the biggest week in American 
birding. Over 100,000 visitors head to 
our northern Ohio heartland region for 
fishing, boating, hiking, and, yes, bird 
watching to fully welcome and cele-
brate the vast array of two-winged 
creatures that fly and thrive along our 
freshwater coast and wetlands: bald ea-
gles, egrets, trumpeter swans, blue her-
ons, indeed, every species one might 
imagine. 
This splendid, colorful display by na-
ture occurs at the crossroads of the 
Mississippi and Atlantic flyways. Near-
by the Great Lakes Black Swamp Bird 
Observatory is raising funds to build a 
new welcome and education center to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:47 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00037
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.046
H13MYPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 36-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4960 
May 13, 2022 
introduce youth from across our world 
to Mother Nature’s power and the 
beauty and value of our environment. 
Nature tourism is not only healthy, 
it gives an over $40 million economic 
boost to our region just during May. 
Northern Ohio welcomes guests from 
around the world as we celebrate the 
gifts that we have been given to shep-
herd to generations to come. Congratu-
lations to all who responsibly steward 
our region forward and our precious 
corner of Mother Earth. 
f 
AO DAI DAY 
(Mrs. STEEL asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute.) 
Mrs. STEEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Ao Dai Day this 
Sunday, May 15. I am proud to rep-
resent nearly 200,000 Vietnamese Amer-
icans in my district in California. 
My district is a home to Little Sai-
gon which has the largest Vietnamese 
population outside of Vietnam. Many 
of these men and women fled com-
munism in Vietnam in search of free-
dom here in America. They have 
worked hard to build their American 
Dream. 
The Ao Dai, which I am wearing 
today, is a traditional dress that rep-
resents the adaptability and strength 
of the Vietnamese people. It is a sym-
bol of beauty and pride in Vietnam’s 
unique and wonderful culture. 
Last year, the State of California of-
ficially approved a resolution to recog-
nize May 15 as Ao Dai Day. I join them 
in celebrating this special day and the 
many Vietnamese families in my dis-
trict who are proud to call our great 
country home. 
f 
NATIONAL TEACHER 
APPRECIATION WEEK 
(Mr. MRVAN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute.) 
Mr. MRVAN. Mr. Speaker, as we cele-
brated National Teacher Appreciation 
Week earlier this month, I rise to rec-
ognize the hard work of teachers across 
northwest Indiana. From the time our 
children take their first steps into a 
classroom, 
teachers 
empower 
them 
with knowledge and support and serve 
as inspiring role models. 
As a parent, I am grateful for their 
devotion to their students, for offering 
stability in an uncertain time, and for 
their determination to ensure that stu-
dents can thrive in a safe and produc-
tive environment. 
I personally thank all the teachers 
who helped shape me into the person I 
am today. 
I thank Mr. Janich, may he rest in 
peace, for being an inspiration; Mr. 
Woodward, my government teacher, 
Mrs. Bliss; and Mrs. Marciniak. All of 
these teachers inspired me to be a bet-
ter person. 
I also thank my sister, Francis 
Majchrowicz, who is a teacher molding 
young minds and making sure that stu-
dents are taken care of. 
Good educators create engaged citi-
zens, and I appreciate the lessons and 
work ethic they helped to instill in me 
every day. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in thank-
ing all of the impactful teachers in 
northwest Indiana and throughout our 
Nation as we continue to recognize Na-
tional Teacher Appreciation Week. 
f 
WORSENING CRISIS AT THE 
SOUTHERN BORDER 
(Mr. GROTHMAN asked and was 
given permission to address the House 
for 1 minute.) 
Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Speaker, as we 
break for the weekend, I remind the 
other Members of this body that when 
we come back, there is no greater crisis 
this country faces than the crisis at 
the border. 
I leave Members with just a few num-
bers that we want to turn around 
quickly: first of all, the number of peo-
ple coming here who are not appro-
priately vetted who are sometimes re-
ferred to as illegal aliens; two Marches 
ago there were 11,000; one March ago 
63,000; and the most recent March Bor-
der Patrol puts at 150,000. 
Think of that: in 2 years from 11,000, 
63,000, 153,000 per month. And the Cabi-
net Secretary in charge of this says 
that he inherited a mess. He inherited 
great laws including the Migrant Pro-
tection Protocol, and now we have a 
true mess. 
The second number: 110 deaths in the 
past 
year 
in 
this 
country 
from 
fentanyl, a horrific drug, almost all of 
which comes across the southern bor-
der. By comparison, 57,000 Americans 
died in the Vietnam war. Twice as 
many people die every year in this 
country from illegal drug overdoses as 
died in 12 years in the Vietnam war. 
I sincerely hope this body will deal 
with the southern border and make it a 
priority when we come back. 
f 
ABORTION ACCESS 
(Ms. ROSS asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 
minute.) 
Ms. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, this week 51 
Senators voted to allow the Supreme 
Court to strip women of their funda-
mental right to abortion healthcare. If 
Roe v. Wade is overturned, abortion ac-
cess will be left in the hands of State 
legislatures dead set on turning the 
clock backward 50 years. 
We have already seen what Repub-
licans are capable of when it comes to 
women’s personal liberties, and now I 
fear women in my home State of North 
Carolina could face a similar fate. All 
that stands between us, and an egre-
gious abortion ban is Governor Roy 
Cooper and enough of his allies in the 
legislature. 
Despite this threat, I am still hopeful 
because I believe that the women of 
North Carolina will make their voices 
heard. We are ready to fight for our 
freedom and liberty. Women deserve to 
have their decisions protected and re-
spected. 
f 
HONORING BILL JONES OF 
PADUCAH, KENTUCKY 
(Mr. COMER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
honor my very dear friend, Bill Jones, 
of Paducah, Kentucky, upon his retire-
ment from U.S. Bank. Over his 37 years 
with U.S. Bank, Bill took on numerous 
leadership posts with the company and 
thrived in each role. 
His time in the financial business to-
taled 45 years and spanned significant 
changes in industry operations. As a 
leader, he was frequently forced to ad-
just to modern trends to ensure cus-
tomer needs were met. And time and 
time again he has passed that leader-
ship test with flying colors. 
In addition to his work in the bank-
ing industry, he has also served his 
community in the Commonwealth of 
Kentucky on numerous boards, includ-
ing Kentucky Educational Television, 
Mercy Health Hospital, and other com-
missions geared toward economic de-
velopment. 
As someone who has spent a lot of 
time in the banking industry myself, I 
know that the industry is better off 
thanks to Bill’s contributions and lead-
ership. 
Bill Jones is a west Kentucky legend. 
On behalf of all the residents of the 
First Congressional District of Ken-
tucky, I wish Bill Jones a very happy 
retirement. 
f 
b 1315 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
SERGEANT AT ARMS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
JONES) laid before the House the fol-
lowing communication from the Ser-
geant at Arms of the House of Rep-
resentatives: 
OFFICE OF THE SERGEANT AT ARMS, 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
Washington, DC, May 9, 2022. 
Hon. NANCY PELOSI, 
Speaker, House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR MADAM SPEAKER: Pursuant to section 
3(s) of House Resolution 8, following con-
sultation with the Office of Attending Physi-
cian, I write to provide you further notifica-
tion that the public health emergency due to 
the novel coronavirus SARS–CoV–2 remains 
in effect. 
Sincerely, 
WILLIAM J. WALKER, 
Sergeant at Arms. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair announces the extension, pursu-
ant to section 3 of House Resolution 8, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:47 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00038
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.048
H13MYPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 37-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4961 
May 13, 2022 
and effective May 15, 2022, of the ‘‘cov-
ered period’’ designated on January 4, 
2021. 
f 
APPOINTMENT 
OF 
INDIVIDUALS 
TO 
COMMISSION 
ON 
INTER-
NATIONAL RELIGIOUS FREEDOM 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-
pointment, pursuant to section 201(b) 
of the International Religious Freedom 
Act of 1988 (22 U.S.C. 6431), and the 
order of the House of January 4, 2021, of 
the following individuals on the part of 
the House to the Commission on Inter-
national Religious Freedom for a term 
effective May 14, 2022, and ending May 
14, 2024: 
Mr. Nury Turkel, Alexandria, Vir-
ginia 
Mr. Frank R. Wolf, Vienna, Virginia, 
to succeed Ms. Anurima Bhargava, Chi-
cago, Illinois 
Dr. David G. Curry, Corona Del Mar, 
California, to succeed Dr. James W. 
Carr, Searcy, Arkansas 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
REPUBLICAN LEADER 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-
nication from the Honorable KEVIN 
MCCARTHY, Republican Leader: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
Washington, DC, May 12, 2022. 
Hon. NANCY PELOSI, 
Speaker of the House, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR MADAM SPEAKER: Pursuant to Sec-
tion 1687(b)(l)(A–B) of the National Defense 
Authorization Act for FY 2022 (Pub. L. 117– 
81), I am pleased to appoint the following 
member to the Commission on the Strategic 
Posture of the United States: 
Mr. Matthew Kroenig, McLean, Virginia 
Thank you for your attention to this mat-
ter. 
Sincerely, 
KEVIN MCCARTHY, 
Republican Leader. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
REPUBLICAN LEADER 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-
nication from the Honorable KEVIN 
MCCARTHY, Republican Leader: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES, 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
Washington, DC, May 12, 2022. 
Hon. NANCY PELOSI, 
Speaker of the House, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR
MADAM
SPEAKER: Pursuant to 44 
U.S.C. § 2702 I am pleased to reappoint the 
following member to the Advisory Com-
mittee on the Records of Congress: Mr. 
Gu¨ nter Waibel, Oakland, California. 
Thank you for your attention to this mat-
ter. 
Sincerely, 
KEVIN MCCARTHY, 
Republican Leader. 
f 
WE LIVE IN INTERESTING TIMES 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-
uary 4, 2021, the gentleman from Texas 
(Mr. GOHMERT) is recognized for 60 min-
utes as the designee of the minority 
leader. 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, this is 
truly an interesting time, which takes 
me back to the alleged Chinese curse 
that may you live in interesting times. 
Well, we are living in interesting 
times. 
Growing up hearing the term ‘‘pot 
calling the kettle black,’’ it is a collo-
quialism. Another term, and I brought 
this up years ago here on the House 
floor, about gaslighting, we certainly 
seem to be experiencing some of that 
these days and have for some time. 
But to have the Secretary of Home-
land Security, who seems to be an in-
telligent person, come and testify 
under oath with a straight face that 
the border is secure and not be satis-
fied with that but refer to the Trump 
administration as having dismantled 
the immigration system, the ability to 
secure the border, when exactly the op-
posite is what was occurring and ex-
actly the opposite of what is occurring 
now. 
It is not secured. All you have to do 
is go look. I mean, it is incredible, but 
it is said so often, including by people 
on the committee of oversight for Bor-
der Patrol, the Judiciary Committee. 
Having spent so much time down on 
the border, I like to be there late at 
night when there is an awful lot of 
movement normally across the border 
illegally, but I experienced under the 
most closed administration, the least 
forthcoming administration since I 
have been in Congress since January 
2005. In fact, they zoomed up Border 
Patrol cars to prevent me from getting 
to the border to see how bad it was. 
I was able to go around one night and 
get back to the border through the 
local park down south of McAllen, but 
that was no thanks to the Border Pa-
trol that, in the past, most of them 
knew that I was their friend and as-
serted on their behalves because they 
were not being treated fairly and prop-
erly, especially during the Obama ad-
ministration. 
But it is important for any Member 
of Congress to be able to get to the bor-
der 
unimpeded. 
Now 
Secretary 
Mayorkas says he looked into it and 
couldn’t find anyone who had ever di-
rected that a Member of Congress, me 
in particular, was not to be allowed to 
get to the border. 
So, I look forward to using his testi-
mony under oath and seeing who now 
will try to prevent me from getting to 
the border. 
They will let you go as long as you 
give them time to set up a dog-and- 
pony show and have time to restrict 
the area that they are going to allow 
you to see, but that is not the way you 
do oversight. 
When I was a judge, I would just show 
up at a prison, a jail, a halfway house, 
different places. If I was going to send 
somebody to a place, I wanted to be 
able to see how they were being treated 
without warning. 
I still think that is a good idea. Of 
course, we know the Washington, D.C., 
jail out east of town where so many 
January 6 defendants were being held, 
they wouldn’t let us in, not to visit, 
not for any reason. It really has been 
astounding. 
MARJORIE TAYLOR GREENE and I were 
finally allowed to get in there, and we 
hope to do that again soon because we 
are hearing more stories of abuse. 
I got a letter in response from the 
U.S. marshal whom I asked to go do a 
health and safety visit regarding Ryan 
Nichols. As I understand the letter, 
they called over and got information 
from people who had deceived some of 
us before, and the U.S. marshal seemed 
quite satisfied with that without both-
ering to see for himself. 
It is rather unfortunate because the 
U.S. marshal did an inspection last 
September or October, I believe it was 
October, and found that hundreds of 
the inmates were not being properly 
treated and needed to be transferred 
out. So, hopefully, the U.S. marshal 
will get back to doing the job of the 
U.S. marshal. 
The law, the Constitution, as inter-
preted by the Supreme Court for a cou-
ple of centuries, has made clear you are 
not allowed to punish people in pretrial 
confinement. 
Just as the FISA court has shown no 
pride and no protection of their court 
and authority, they have demonstrated 
that they don’t mind being lied to by 
lawyers. They don’t mind having fraud 
upon the court because it is a secret 
star chamber. 
I had hoped that when FISA judges 
found out they had been manipulated 
and lied to that they would have 
enough integrity that they would be 
upset about being lied to. But, appar-
ently, because of the lack of contempt, 
the lack of show cause hearings as to 
why contempt was not appropriate, the 
lack of prosecution by the Department 
of Justice going after people within the 
justice system, I have come to the con-
clusion—I hoped we could save the 
FISA court, but apparently, it does not 
appear that that is going to be pos-
sible. 
Our Chief Justice of the Supreme 
Court has not had enough concern 
about lies being perpetuated, fraud 
being perpetuated on the FISA court, 
that he, as far as we know, has not 
done anything about that because cer-
tainly no one is punished, not even for 
perpetuating lies in order to spy on the 
campaign and even the Presidency 
after the person they were spying on 
and trying to prevent from winning the 
election won the election. 
It is a very disturbing time for those 
of us who have spent much of our adult 
lives in the State and Federal justice 
system trying to see that justice was 
done. It is a very disturbing time. 
Going 
back 
to 
the 
term 
‘‘gaslighting,’’ we are told that we are 
crazy. We are making stuff up. I know 
with regard to the 2020 election, people 
continued to repeat the untruth that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:47 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00039
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.051
H13MYPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 38-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4962 
May 13, 2022 
there was no fraud in the 2020 election 
when most every election that has ever 
been did have fraud, did have impropri-
eties. It is just a question of how much. 
But it is John Fund that wrote a 
book on election fraud, quite good, 
some years back. As pointed out be-
fore, the biggest fraud about elections 
is saying there is no fraud in elections. 
When Congress made the inappro-
priate step of mandating electronic 
voting back after the unfortunate situ-
ation in Florida, where even though 
fifth graders were shown to be able to 
utilize the butterfly ballots quite effec-
tively, we had Democrat voters that 
were not able to figure them out. Per-
haps another visit to fifth grade might 
have helped them before they voted. 
That is why we were told we had to 
upend our election system in the 
United States and go to electronic vot-
ing. Many of us are hoping we will get 
back to paper ballots because we have 
seen, although people were gaslighting 
and saying: ‘‘Oh, no, no. These ma-
chines do not connect to the internet.’’ 
Then we find out that when there was 
a problem with a voting machine, they 
would contact one of the hired guys 
that would use their iPad, get on the 
internet, and fix a voting machine 
without actually being in its presence. 
That is using the internet. Yet, we 
were gaslighted and told even though it 
was going on, it wasn’t going on. 
Just to remind people who are not fa-
miliar with the term ‘‘gaslighting,’’ I 
thought the 1944 movie with Ingrid 
Bergman is a great movie. I have 
watched it more than once. Her hus-
band was making her think she was 
going crazy or was crazy when she 
wasn’t at all. He was being evil. This 
from 
Medical 
News 
Today 
says: 
‘‘Gaslighting is a form of psychological 
abuse where a person or group makes 
someone question their sanity, percep-
tion of reality, or memories. People ex-
periencing gaslighting often feel con-
fused, anxious, and unable to trust 
themselves.’’ 
‘‘The term ‘gaslighting’ derives from 
the 1938 play and 1944 film ‘‘Gaslight,’’ 
in which a husband manipulates his 
wife into thinking she has a mental ill-
ness by dimming their gas-fueled lights 
and telling her she is hallucinating.’’ 
b 1330 
The article goes on to give different 
examples. It says that gaslighting 
often develops gradually, making it 
difficult for a person to detect. 
According to the National Domestic 
Violence Hotline, techniques a person 
may use to gaslight someone include 
countering. Countering describes a per-
son questioning someone’s memories. 
They may say things such as: ‘‘You 
never remember things accurately’’ or 
‘‘Are you sure? You have a bad mem-
ory.’’ 
Another technique is withholding. 
When someone withholds, they refuse 
to engage in a conversation. A person 
using this technique may pretend not 
to understand someone so that they do 
not have to respond to them. For ex-
ample, they might say: ‘‘I do not know 
what you are talking about’’ or ‘‘You 
are just trying to confuse me.’’ I would 
submit that withholding can include 
when being asked for information, for 
evidence, that being withheld and in 
return being told: ‘‘No, there is nothing 
there.’’ 
It comes to mind back when Jeff Ses-
sions was the Attorney General, some 
of us had concerns about a matter that 
needed to be investigated, and we knew 
that there was a person of integrity 
who had a notebook full of documenta-
tion, many of which documents could 
quite easily constitute an offense under 
Federal law. That was pointed out 
that, gee, this needs to be investigated; 
this person needs to be talked to. 
Eventually, 
this 
incredibly 
com-
petent person was contacted by an FBI 
agent, after the Secretary of the De-
partment of Justice asked them to 
take a look. The FBI contacted her and 
told her to come for a visit and under 
no circumstances was she to bring her 
notebook that contained valuable evi-
dence of apparent wrongdoing. When 
she arrived, she was grilled for 2 hours. 
She did as she was instructed by the 
FBI and didn’t bring her notebook of 
documents. 
Then when Secretary Sessions asked 
about the matter, he was told: ‘‘Yeah, 
we looked into it. We talked to her. 
She didn’t have anything.’’ Well, that 
is a form of gaslighting. You direct a 
witness not to bring the documenta-
tion she has and then tell your boss: 
‘‘Yeah, we talked to her. She didn’t 
have anything.’’ Well, you told her not 
to bring the evidence. 
So these kinds of things, unfortu-
nately, still go on. I can’t help but sus-
pect that when Bill Barr said there was 
no fraud in the election, he was relying 
on people, like Jeff Sessions did, when 
he was lied to, because obviously Bill 
Barr didn’t go out and do an investiga-
tion personally; he relied on people 
perhaps he should not have relied on. 
How do we know that anybody at the 
FBI would lie? Well, we found out it 
was even done before a Federal judge or 
Federal judges. The other shoe is yet to 
drop on all of that. 
But something has got to be done. We 
can’t have a star chamber system 
where judges are lied to. Clearly, when 
the judges don’t care—they have got 
lifetime 
appointments—that 
is 
one 
thing. But then when their adjudica-
tions, their hearings, are in secret, 
they have a layer of anonymity that 
protects them from being judged and 
ridiculed for either stupidity, naivety, 
or just dishonesty. Whatever it is, it is 
not right. That is why our court sys-
tem was required to be public origi-
nally. 
But as we see these fundamental 
foundational principles being removed 
in the last decades, recent decades, it 
ought to be a warning, it ought to be a 
red light flashing, bells going off, 
‘‘Danger, danger, Will Robinson.’’ This 
is serious stuff, and it needs to be 
looked into. 
According to this article, trivializing 
is another technique. This occurs when 
a person belittles or disregards the 
other person’s feelings. They may ac-
cuse them of being too sensitive or of 
overreacting when they have valid con-
cerns and feelings like, say, about an 
election. 
Some of us who in this Chamber ob-
jected to electors exactly—well, almost 
exactly—like our Democrat friends did 
on January 6, 2001, January 6 of 2005, 
and 11 times on January 6 of 2017, so 
some of us felt like our Democrat 
friends understand there is nothing un-
constitutional or criminal or illegal 
about coming into this Chamber and 
objecting. 
Now, the difference was, the Demo-
crats in 2017, January 6, 2017, as I re-
call, they didn’t have a Senator to join 
the objection, which made them illegit-
imate. On some objections in 2021, we 
did have Senators; some we didn’t. At 
least we had Senators join on some. 
But we thought surely the Demo-
crats, since they objected every time a 
Republican won since 2000, they would 
understand or would believe the legit-
imacy of raising an objection, yet they 
convinced so much of the American 
public that anybody that objected was 
guilty of sedition, treason, all kinds of 
crimes, which often is a mark—I have 
been a prosecutor and a felony judge. A 
lot of times when somebody who has 
done some activity accuses somebody 
else of having criminal intent when 
they do the same activity, it is evi-
dence that they had criminal intent 
when they did that action. 
Interestingly, I am still amazed that 
there are still people in this body that 
want to accuse those who objected—as 
Democrats have, like I say, in 2017, 11 
times—accuse them of criminality. 
That is amazing. Perhaps that lends 
itself to being a form of gaslighting. 
We are crazy, we are criminal, because 
we did what they have done every time 
a Republican won in the last 20 years. 
Another technique is denial. Denial 
involves a person pretending to forget 
events or how they occurred. Like 
when somebody says: ‘‘No, we never do 
that; we never did that.’’ Well, do you 
think we are crazy? It is in the RECORD. 
There is video. You can go online and 
find the video of it occurring. 
There were objections by Democrats, 
which sure sounded to be spurious. But 
the meme that was going around was 
saying, What is the difference between 
criminal conspiracy and truth? The an-
swer was: About 6 months. Well, that is 
inaccurate, because it has been about 
18 months, and we are still discovering 
truth on some things that we are al-
leged to have been just crazy—a form 
of gaslighting—crazy, insurrectionist, 
criminal conspiracies. These people are 
insane that think there were any prob-
lems with the 2020 election. 
The movie that Dinesh D’Souza and 
Catherine Engelbrecht and Gregg had 
put together, worked on, ‘‘2000 Mules,’’ 
that is one technique of fraud that was 
utilized in the 2020 election. These are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:47 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00040
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.053
H13MYPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 39-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4963 
May 13, 2022 
things that ought to cause bipartisan 
research and effort to try to prevent if 
anybody is truly interested in having 
free and fair elections. 
Another technique, according to this 
psychological 
article, 
is 
diverting. 
With this technique, a person changes 
the focus of a discussion and questions 
the other person’s credibility instead. 
For example, they might say: ‘‘That is 
just another crazy idea you got from 
your crazy friends.’’ 
I keep hearing people making allega-
tions against Clarence Thomas. I was 
speaking at an event where John Yoo 
also spoke. He clerked, as I understand, 
for Justice Clarence Thomas. I was 
quite pleased to hear him say what I 
believe is absolutely true, for anybody 
that cares to do their research, that 
Justice Clarence Thomas is one of the 
most intelligent judges to ever sit on 
the U.S. Supreme Court. Yet, he is de-
meaned. 
We had a hearing going on. A man 
named Mark Paoletta was testifying, 
and he mentioned that he believed the 
attacks on Justice Thomas were racist, 
because he is a Black person, an 
originalist regarding the Constitution, 
who appears to be conservative. 
One of the Democrat members on the 
committee asked for any evidence 
whatsoever of any racist attacks on 
Clarence Thomas. The response was: 
‘‘Well, you just had a chairman call 
him an Uncle Tom. That is number 
one, but I have got tons more, even 
from this hearing.’’ And he did, but he 
was cut off and not allowed to give fur-
ther evidence of the racism being uti-
lized against such a brilliant Justice on 
the Supreme Court because he happens 
to be Black and he happens to think for 
himself. 
I mentioned this in our hearing, be-
cause I don’t think people know his 
background. I was greatly intrigued 
and found it extremely interesting 
reading 
Clarence 
Thomas’s 
auto-
biographical book ‘‘My Grandfather’s 
Son.’’ 
He has been accused—I have heard 
him be accused many times of not 
being Black by people who don’t know 
what it is to be poor and Black. Justice 
Thomas does. He lived with his mother, 
as I understood, I recall from the book, 
about 6 months in Atlanta, a horren-
dous time. But basically, he and his lit-
tle brother were raised by their grand-
parents in Pin Point, Georgia, right on 
the coast. 
Because they were on the coast, he 
pointed out, they had food, they could 
get greens that were called poke sallet. 
I don’t like them, but they could al-
ways go out and pick poke sallet grow-
ing wild. Because they were right there 
on the coast, they could get fish or dif-
ferent type things, whether it was mus-
sels or clams or fish, whatever, they 
were able to get a lot of food. 
He was so smart, so intelligent, he 
got a scholarship to Holy Cross and 
then ultimately decided he wanted to 
go to law school, applied to Harvard. 
But I think it was half a day he was at 
Harvard, and as he thinks of himself, 
he was an angry, Black, radical, lib-
eral, and he felt like Harvard was too 
conservative. 
b 1345 
He felt like Harvard was too conserv-
ative, so he left and applied for Yale, 
and he liked Yale better because it was 
much more liberal, he felt like. 
But he began to notice that liberals 
seemed to look down on him, that they 
didn’t want to talk to him about any-
thing but sports or oppression of 
Blacks in America, and he noticed that 
the two or three conservatives in the 
school were interested in his opinions 
on all kinds of things and would talk to 
him about things, and he began to no-
tice and appreciate that. 
In a discussion with one of the few 
conservatives that were talking about 
seatbelts, 
helmets, 
whether 
they 
should or shouldn’t be mandatory, and 
he expressed the opinion that, gee, he 
felt like they just ought to have a law 
passed that required everybody to wear 
a seatbelt and everybody on a motor-
cycle to wear a helmet. 
And the conservative, giving a more 
libertarian question, said, in effect, 
you have seen government used to op-
press Blacks in America, why in the 
world would you ever want to give the 
government any more control over 
your life? That set him thinking. Even-
tually he began to realize, you know 
what, it is not a good idea to continue 
to give the government more and more 
power because it can be abused. 
This is a man who thought for him-
self. But he also knew how intelligent 
he was, and it had to be a bit insulting 
to have people act like, gee, if it 
weren’t for us liberals, you, as a much 
less intelligent Black, would never 
have even gotten to be in the school 
with me, whereas he knew the truth. 
He was there because he was a brilliant 
person, and he has not gotten credit for 
his consistency, for his intellect, for 
his integrity. It is constantly being de-
meaned, and they try to gaslight him. 
It hasn’t worked. 
Another technique is stereotyping. 
An article in American Sociological 
Review states that ‘‘a person using 
gaslighting 
techniques 
may 
inten-
tionally use negative stereotypes of a 
person’s gender, race, ethnicity, sexu-
ality, nationality, or age to manipulate 
them. For example, they may tell a fe-
male that people will think she is irra-
tional or crazy if she seeks help for 
abuse.’’ 
As an assistant DA, I saw that, and it 
was amazing to me. I was a bit naive, 
but to see a woman bruised and bat-
tered, clearly beat up, we wanted to see 
her husband put in jail. Nobody should 
ever treat anybody—male, female, any-
body—the way that some of these bat-
tered women got treated. And yet they 
would be gaslighted to the point that 
after the bruises and the abrasions 
went away, they would come back and 
say, ‘‘I don’t want to press charges.’’ 
In one particular case, I said, ‘‘This 
is not your choice. Under the law, we 
have the right to go after your husband 
because he clearly abused you, and it is 
going to keep continuing. We asked 
you when you came in, you know, do 
you promise you will not back off this 
time, you will let us go after your hus-
band for this kind of abuse?’’ And she 
had said, ‘‘Absolutely,’’ with her face 
all swollen, black and blue, scraped. It 
was horrendous. 
And yet he worked on her psycho-
logically. She eventually comes back 
and says, ‘‘I want to withdraw the 
charges.’’ We said, ‘‘We have got the 
pictures. We are going to go ahead and 
press charges this time.’’ ‘‘Well, if you 
do, I am going to say that I was trying 
to kill him and he was just defending 
himself.’’ The psychological abuse had 
worked, and it was just so heart-
breaking. 
Usually 
they 
had 
been 
gaslighted to the point they thought 
they deserved it. Nobody deserved that. 
But we are seeing these same tech-
niques being used today. 
At this time, I yield to the gentle-
woman from Arizona (Mrs. LESKO), my 
friend, for such time as she may uti-
lize. 
Mrs. LESKO. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
Representative GOHMERT for yielding. I 
am a survivor of domestic violence, 
and it is still hard for me to talk about 
it, and it has almost been 30 years ago 
since I left my abusive ex-husband. 
Domestic abuse and violence is very 
common, unfortunately. I think one in 
four women are abused by either a boy-
friend or a husband, and it is a very, 
very big issue that I am glad Mr. GOH-
MERT is showing attention to and shin-
ing light on. 
At this time, very briefly, I thank 
our U.S. Supreme Court Justices for 
the hard work and dedication that they 
have, and I condemn the intimidation 
tactics that are taking place against 
our U.S. Supreme Court Justices. It is 
an absolute shame. It needs to be 
stopped. 
As 
we 
await 
the 
U.S. 
Supreme 
Court’s decision that may overturn 
Roe v. Wade, I stand with the vulner-
able women and girls grappling with 
unplanned pregnancies and the pre-
cious infants that they carry. 
Pro-abortion 
advocates 
and 
some 
elected 
officials 
push 
vulnerable 
women and girls toward abortion and 
deem it as an empowering choice. 
There is no empowerment nor compas-
sion in abortion. There is no encour-
agement in crushing, dismembering, 
poisoning babies, and sucking them out 
of the womb with a vacuum. 
That is why it is so important that 
we support vulnerable women and girls 
who are facing unwanted pregnancies 
and help them during that critical 
time. That is why myself and millions 
of women across the country support 
pro-life 
pregnancy 
centers, 
support 
adoptions, support housing for vulner-
able women. 
What is often forgotten in this argu-
ment is the long-term psychological 
mental health of the mother who 
aborted their baby. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:47 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00041
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.056
H13MYPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 40-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4964 
May 13, 2022 
One of the reasons that I believe I 
have been led to serve in Congress is to 
help save the lives of innocent babies 
in the womb. And now as you see on 
this floor, Republicans over and over 
again have called on Speaker PELOSI 
and the Democrats to put up a bill to 
save babies that are born alive—yes, 
born alive—from a botched abortion. 
Right now we have found that they are 
being laid aside on a table or they are 
found in a wastebasket and left to die. 
Certainly America can do better. We 
must do better. 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I appre-
ciate my friend from Arizona so much. 
I miss her on the Judiciary Committee 
because of the very type of insights 
that we just heard from her. I am 
grateful for her service, her intellect, 
her insights, and especially her pugna-
cious nature that did not cause her to 
back down, that caused her to stand up 
after being a victim herself. 
I was approached by a lady in a store 
in Longview, Texas, an adjoining coun-
ty to where I was a district judge, and 
she asked if I remembered her. I didn’t. 
She never testified in court, but she 
said she was there in the courtroom 
when I sentenced her husband. She said 
she and her daughter had been abused 
year after year, and her husband had 
been arrested different times, but he 
was such a smooth salesman that he al-
ways convinced judges to give him a 
slap on the wrist and probation and be 
on his way. She said that I was the 
first judge in all those years to be able 
to see through her husband’s great 
salesmanship and send him to prison. 
There are a lot of things that aren’t 
pleasant about being a judge or a jus-
tice, been that, too, but to have some-
body say, ‘‘You gave my daughter and 
me our lives, and we are doing great, 
and she is doing great, and she is going 
to go to a great college now,’’ but you 
have got to be able to see through 
gaslighting. You have got to be able to 
see through lies and get to the facts. 
Now, we are being told about what a 
terrible shortage of baby formula there 
is in this country; and there is. You go 
in the stores, the shelves have a tre-
mendous shortage. We hear different 
excuses. But if you had a businessman 
like President Trump in the White 
House, when he would see a shortage of 
something that was needed, he would 
find out where the problem is. He 
would call the people that could do 
something about it, ‘‘Hey, we have got 
to do something about this,’’ and they 
would figure out a way to get some-
thing done about it, find out where the 
holdup was, where the problem was. 
But, instead, when there seems to be 
a shortage or a problem, Republicans 
say, ‘‘Hey, why aren’t we doing some-
thing about the baby formula?’’ This 
gaslighting technique is used. And then 
we find out not only is there a shortage 
in the store, but you just shipped 
truckloads of baby formula to the bor-
der, which acts as a draw to more ille-
gal immigration, especially women 
with babies or parents with babies to 
come across and get the baby formula 
that is not being allowed to go to 
Americans and American citizens or 
people who are legally here. 
The thought comes of the flights. 
Every week we are in session, flight up 
here, flight back, we sit through the 
same presentation over and over again 
by the flight attendants. Sometimes 
they do it live, sometimes they are just 
going through the motions and there is 
a tape playing, but they make very 
clear, if we have a problem like the fu-
selage depressurizing, the oxygen mask 
will drop down, and adults are to put 
the mask on themselves before they 
put it on the child, and the reason is 
rather simple, because if you are trying 
to put your child’s mask on and you 
don’t have oxygen, there is a good 
chance you will pass out, and then both 
you and your child will die. You get 
that on yourself, and then you will 
have the oxygen you need to think 
clearly, to make sure your child or 
children or those dependent upon you 
can get what they need. 
b 1400 
When someone is determined not to 
provide help to Americans that you are 
sending all over the world, or you are 
sending as a lure to people to come in 
illegally—which we heard during our 
committee hearing: Yes, we do want to 
make these people into voters that are 
flooding in illegally. That was quite a 
revelation; although, we had suspected 
that for some time. But there are con-
sequences to not taking care of the 
greatest, most philanthropic country 
in the history of the world that has 
done more for other people, other na-
tions. 
Yes, we have had our own problems, 
but no one has fought racism like was 
fought here. The most loss of life ever 
in any war was in the Civil War; over 
half a million people died over this 
issue of slavery. There is no country 
that has ever fought to end slavery, to 
end racism the way this country has. I 
thought we had made tremendous 
progress. 
That was one of the things about the 
United States Army—I was at the 
Home of the Infantry—you just wanted 
to make sure that the person next to 
you was going to be helpful. You 
weren’t concerned about their race or 
anything like that, you just wanted to 
make sure that you were going to work 
together. It was quite a good micro-
cosm. Even though the 4 years I was in, 
it was not a pleasant time to be in the 
military. We were sometimes ordered 
not to wear our uniform off-post be-
cause there were people that hated us 
for wearing a uniform. That was post- 
Vietnam. 
With regard to the baby formula, if 
you keep drawing people into this 
country—and now we are told we need 
to pay people to have abortions—you 
keep taking those actions, you will de-
stroy this Nation. And once this most 
philanthropic country in the history of 
the world is destroyed or converted 
into some dictatorial Orwellian soci-
ety, all these countries that we have 
been able to help, since particularly 
1789 when the Constitution was rati-
fied, that help is not going to be there. 
Having heard from people and coun-
tries, especially legislatures and par-
liamentarians in other countries that 
we consider to be free, they privately 
will say—and have—you have got to 
protect America’s freedom. We see you 
losing it. And when you lose your free-
dom in America, there will be no place 
else to go to have freedom. You are the 
one that has secured it for the places 
that have it. This is so important. 
So when our judiciary and our execu-
tive Department of Justice abuses peo-
ple and abuses the system, and uses 
lies instead of truth, and uses tech-
nology to spy on its citizens, we are in 
big trouble. 
I know when I first got here in Janu-
ary of 2005, Republicans were in the 
majority but when it came to civil 
rights, we had a lot of friends on the 
other side of the aisle that felt the 
same way. There were some on our side 
who wanted to protect all the power we 
could give to the Department of Jus-
tice, but again, there were people on 
both sides of the aisle that said this is 
a threat to our democratic Republic. 
We can’t give them this much power. 
Over the years, after Democrats took 
the 
majority 
in 
January 
of 
2007 
through January of 2011 and then got it 
back, we are not getting the kind of 
help we did those first 2 years with 
dealing with the abuses within our own 
ministry of truth. Because the DOJ 
really, using Orwellian terms from 
1984, and as I have said before, what we 
are seeing is, the only thing Orwell got 
wrong was the year. It wasn’t 1984, it’s 
now. And it’s not called the ministry of 
truth or the ministry of love. 
The ministry of love, of course in 
1984, people will remember, that was 
the entity that took people into cus-
tody, knocked down doors. They used 
techniques like our current DOJ does 
to intimidate people, to use much more 
power than they ever need just to in-
timidate—like 1984, like a totalitarian 
government. 
I bring that up because I remember 
in the 1980s—and I had so much respect 
for the FBI agents I knew, and I had 
seen numerous times. I didn’t do a lot 
of criminal work during the 10 years 
that I was a civil trial lawyer, but they 
would contact a soon-to-be defendant 
saying, we got an indictment, we got a 
warrant. You can either report to the 
jail at 10 a.m. tomorrow or we will 
come get you, and you would much 
rather come in on your own. If they 
had a lawyer, they would call the law-
yer: Have your client come in at 9 or 10 
a.m. 
Not now. Oh, no. Oh, no. The Justice 
Department wants to come in and 
knock down your door because it is a 
lot more fun. They have got the bat-
tering ram. And it is a lot more fun to 
get people in their underwear or maybe 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:47 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00042
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.057
H13MYPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 41-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4965 
May 13, 2022 
in their pajamas that are in bed, be-
cause you get to scare them. It is easi-
er to intimidate them. 
What happened to those days when it 
didn’t matter whether the assistant 
U.S. attorney or the FBI agents voted 
Democrat or Republican? They were 
going to make sure they didn’t abuse 
their power. I am not seeing that kind 
of concern like I used to see from peo-
ple in the Department of Justice. 
I know there are some that feel that 
way but, yet they are being gaslit if 
they try to report or be whistleblowers, 
and their careers are destroyed. Kind of 
like Director Mueller destroyed the ca-
reer of the FBI agent that was the 
whistleblower and reported the uneth-
ical and, I would say, illegal conduct 
by the FBI in trying to persecute dur-
ing the prosecution of Ted Stevens 
when they abused the system and con-
victed an innocent man. 
Yeah, the Mueller way. You promote 
the one that engaged in the fraud, and 
you punish the one who reported the 
fraud within the FBI. 
We have just seen it grow worse and 
worse as Mueller’s dear friend, James 
Comey, took over. The abuses grew. 
And then Christopher Wray was ap-
pointed to clean up the FBI. It appears 
to me his way of cleaning things up is 
just to sweep it under the rug. If some-
body lies to the FISA court, commits a 
crime, whereas if it were a conserv-
ative, they would put him under the 
prison rather than punish him, would 
just let him go get a higher paying job 
somewhere else. 
That is not punishment. It is not de-
terrent. And it is doing massive dam-
age to this country. 
So we have the ministry of truth now 
called the disinformation board that 
has been created. This is being led and 
created by people who have been cham-
pions of disinformation, champions of 
gaslighting, who want to convince 
America: If you think there is a prob-
lem, if you think there is abuse in the 
FISA court, if you think there was any 
impropriety in elections, then we need 
to come after you and charge you with 
disinformation. 
For those who have not read 1984, or 
don’t remember, the ministry of truth, 
in 
this 
case 
now 
called 
the 
disinformation 
board, 
they 
were 
charged with rewriting history every 
day. As Orwell pointed out through, I 
believe his name was Winston, one day 
they might say, well, this government 
did not invent the airplane but all of 
the good changes that have made it 
more effective, more efficient, faster, 
those came by our great, Big Brother 
Government. 
Then eventually, you would get to 
the point where you would just forget 
all of that and say, Big Brother Gov-
ernment created the airplane, has had 
everything to do with making it effec-
tive, and just take credit for every-
thing good and then blame anybody 
else for anything bad. 
So that seems like where we are 
going. We could call it the gaslighting 
board, 
but 
it 
is 
called 
the 
disinformation board. And it is headed 
by a person who, herself, has been quite 
guilty of disinformation, yet she is 
going to be in charge of coming up with 
disinformation for the future, appar-
ently. We can expect problems ahead 
for sure. 
Now, this article from yesterday, 
May 12, from the New York Post, Nina 
Jankowicz 
says, 
‘‘Verified 
Twitter 
users should edit others’ tweets.’’ 
I mean, we are right out of 1984, 
going back to the days of the 1950s 
when some songwriter wrote, If your 
mommy is a commie, well you gotta 
turn her in. 
This 
is 
where 
it 
appears 
the 
disinformation board wants to go. 
Yeah, kids, turn in your parents if you 
find out that they have said anything 
privately at home that is inconsistent 
with 
the 
new 
truth 
that 
the 
disinformation board has come up 
with. 
This is dangerous stuff. It cannot be 
overstated. We have got to stop the 
disinformation board. The solution to 
misinformation is more freedom so 
that people that have accurate infor-
mation can come out with it. But when 
the government puts its finger on the 
scales of justice, on the balance, then 
you can be assured you are going to get 
less truth and less justice because it is 
not going to be fair. 
I mentioned before that I was an ex-
change student for the summer to the 
old Soviet Union. From what I under-
stood, it was the Soviet government, it 
was the Communist Party that put out 
all this misinformation. They would lie 
about things. They would cover up. I 
still wonder how many cosmonauts 
may have died during their space pro-
gram, but they never came out truth-
fully with what all happened. 
I was with a couple of Soviet college 
students, who I liked a great deal; they 
were wonderful people. We were look-
ing at an exhibit about some of the 
space program things. Gagarin was the 
first human ever in space, and there 
were some entries about Gagarin and 
the world hero that he was. Up to that 
point, I felt like, well, these are college 
students who would be the most likely 
to get upset if they were lied to. And it 
said something about Gagarin being 
killed by testing a new experimental 
plane. My Soviet male, college friend, 
who spoke terrific English, said, Yeah, 
well, we know that is not true. I was 
intrigued. I never heard them indicate 
that they knew they were being lied to 
by the Soviet government. 
The other Soviet college student 
said, Yeah, there is no way that hap-
pened. And I said, You don’t believe he 
was killed testing a plane as a test 
pilot? 
b 1415 
They both chimed in that, no, there 
is no way. He was the greatest hero in 
the history of the world, the first man 
in space. There is no way the Soviet 
government would allow him to get 
into a plane by himself that wasn’t 
safe. That didn’t happen. It was too im-
portant. He was too important as a 
hero, as someone that made us admire 
our government. They wouldn’t let him 
die like that. 
Well, I don’t know whether he died as 
a test pilot or not, but I was intrigued 
that they believed to their core that 
the Soviet government lied to them. 
Why? Because the Soviet government 
constantly lied to them. 
They wouldn’t make up lies. In fact, 
remember, this was 1973. I found it in-
teresting, in Pravda, they were report-
ing 
some 
things 
about 
Watergate 
emerging back in the U.S., and because 
it really was like a disinformation 
board or ministry of truth, whichever 
one you want to call it, they made ev-
erything about the Soviet Union. Ev-
erything was centered on the Soviet 
Union. 
So their take on Watergate was that 
because Richard Nixon came to the So-
viet Union, the first President ever to 
do so, that is why the Democrats came 
after him and were wanting to throw 
him out of office or put him in jail, be-
cause he made friends with the Soviets. 
That was their take in order to make 
it all about the Soviet Union. Of 
course, we know crimes were com-
mitted, and the coverup was the worst 
of it. 
But this is where we are headed, and 
it is a very dangerous time. We do not 
need a disinformation board. We need 
people being able to stand up and speak 
up without intimidation because they 
are conservative Black or because they 
are abused or whatever. They need to 
be able to speak up and bring evidence 
forward, or at least have an investiga-
tion to get to the bottom of things 
without being belittled, without being 
gaslit. That will do more to secure our 
freedom for the future. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
THE STATE OF THE ECONOMY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-
uary 4, 2021, the Chair recognizes the 
gentleman 
from 
Arizona 
(Mr. 
SCHWEIKERT) for 30 minutes. 
Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, we 
are going to try to do the impossible. 
We are going to do like 20 boards in 30 
minutes. Just please wave at me if I 
start rambling at hyper rates of speed. 
One of the reasons for today’s presen-
tation, it is somewhat of a follow-up 
from a couple of weeks ago, but also 
somewhat of just this frustration of 
statements from our brothers and sis-
ters on the left, from the President, 
even the comments this week of: Okay, 
Republicans, where is your plan? 
Have you seen the numbers of bills 
that we have offered to take on infla-
tion, to promote economic growth, to 
promote fairness? None of them can get 
a hearing around here. 
My point comes to something very, 
very simple. We intend to judge the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:47 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00043
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.059
H13MYPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 42-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4966 
May 13, 2022 
left over what you have accomplished 
the last 15 months, and we will make it 
to 2 years. 
Are the poor better off, the working 
poor better off, the middle class better 
off? Is the environment better off? Is 
the world safer and healthier? 
Then, we expect you to turn around 
and judge us when we had the majority 
and the White House. Take a look at 
2017, ’18, ’19, and we will bookend the 
pandemic, and judge us. I believe you 
will see the policies we brought to this 
floor, to this country, made the poor 
less poor, the working poor substan-
tially less poor, the middle class much 
more prosperous, and it didn’t have the 
cruelty that Democrat policy has exe-
cuted the last 15 months. 
Look, I am not being hyperbolic. It is 
a crappy environment out there. 
It is just exhausting having to do 
this every couple of months because of 
the willingness just not to tell the 
truth here by my brothers and sisters 
on the left. 
Once again, tax reform was done at 
the very end of 2017. Speaker after 
speaker, the Speaker herself, came to 
the floor and told us how this was a 
giveaway to the rich, that it was going 
to crash revenues, that we are heading 
to recession. None of that was true. 
We ended up having a couple of years 
there before the pandemic—and I am 
going to show you, if we hadn’t had it, 
how miserable the pandemic economics 
would have been. 
The fact of the matter is, when we 
passed tax reform, corporate tax re-
ceipts—we don’t call them revenues; we 
call them receipts if you are on the 
Ways and Means Committee—went up 
75 percent, far beyond CBO’s early pro-
jections. 
The fact of the matter is individual 
income taxes were up 271⁄2 percent, and 
80 percent of that was paid by the top 
10 percent. 
Bit of trivia, Mr. Speaker pro tem, 
and to my Democrat colleagues. Our 
tax 
reform 
was 
more 
progressive, 
meaning the top tier of income earners 
were paying a higher percentage, a 
larger percentage, of the Federal in-
come tax burden than the previous tax 
system. 
Stop lying about what we did because 
what we did was pretty darn amazing. 
When you think about just the eco-
nomic 
effects, 
income 
inequality 
shrank, food insecurity shrank, and we 
did it without inflation. 
Look, I accept there is a huge divide 
here. Democrats don’t particularly like 
Republican 
policies. 
We 
obviously 
don’t like theirs. Fine. 
Do you care about poor people? Do 
you care about the middle class? Then 
step up and just steal our ideas. We 
will be happy to let you take them if it 
is good for America. But the crap that 
has been moved here in the last 15 
months has just been cruel. 
Let’s go back and, one more time, 
take a look at the actual math. If you 
take a look at the middle income, what 
was happening in that mean of our 
country—and this is adjusted to, I be-
lieve, 2019, so it is all consistent. 
You take a look at that growth, the 
opportunity, and you take a look at 
what happened when we did tax reform, 
just the incredible growth of income. 
This is real purchasing power. This is 
adjusted for inflation. 
The fact of the matter is, take a look 
at these miserable years here during 
the Obama administration, where we 
basically just flatlined, and we stayed 
there. 
The 2008 recession was brutal. Why 
did it take years and years and years 
and years and years just to get back to 
mean? 
The fact of the matter is regulatory 
policy, tax policy, and trade policy 
make a difference, and you have to ba-
sically embrace something. Maybe this 
is where some of the left and right di-
vide is. 
As a conservative, I believe growth is 
moral. I believe my daughter and the 
next generation of Americans deserve 
to live better tomorrow and the next 
year and the next decade better than 
they did yesterday. Instead, the poli-
cies of this administration and this 
Congress have made America poorer. 
Once again, you take a look at what 
was being said here. That blue is what 
all the pretax reform trend line was. 
This is where we were going. We were 
all excited that we might get slightly 
over 2 percent GDP growth. 
Understand, when we talk about 
gross domestic product growth, it is a 
big deal because it builds on itself. It is 
like a staircase. When you get another 
1 percent here, 1 percent may not seem 
like a lot to you, but it becomes the 
new basis for the next year and the 
next year. When you start to look at 
that over a decade, it starts being re-
markable amounts of wealth that is 
distributed throughout society. 
The red is what we accomplished by 
fixing the regulatory and tax system 
around here. 
The fact of the matter is, if you care 
about the middle class, if you care 
about the working poor, if you care 
about this society, if you care about 
our future, embrace the truth. Em-
brace that it worked. If you want, say 
you could have done it better. But the 
fact of the matter is, what we accom-
plished worked. 
This 
is 
taking 
a 
little 
bit 
to 
geekdom, and I am sorry about that, 
but how horrendous the Democrats’ 
forecasts were on accuracy, and how, 
when Republicans took over the major-
ity, we functionally nailed it. 
As a matter of fact, for 2018, we sub-
stantially underestimated the amount 
of growth we were going to accomplish 
with our regulatory and tax reform. 
I know this may not seem important, 
but it is because, once again, in this 
place, we play this game: ‘‘Well, CBO 
says this.’’ But for some reason, when 
the Democrats are in charge of this 
place, CBO gives these projections, and 
we never get there. When Republicans 
are in charge, CBO gives us projections, 
and we touch them or exceed them. 
Then, we turn around and see the 
President and Democrat leadership 
talk about it as if it was some 
dystopian time. It is just this bizarre 
place, being judged by what we actu-
ally accomplished just as we intend to 
judge you and what you have done to 
this country. 
This one is actually important be-
cause we are going through this right 
now. There is an argument that inputs 
in inflation is basically it is too many 
dollars—simplistic—too many dollars 
chasing too few goods and services. 
You can do what the Federal Reserve 
is doing right now, which is basically 
squeeze dollars, squeeze liquidity out of 
our society. It will drive us into a re-
cession, and it will raise misery, and 
people will lose their jobs. But that is 
what is being required to get out the 
excess liquidity that the Democrats 
here—not a single Republican voted for 
it—did to this country. 
There is a reason Larry Summers 
begged you not to do it. You know, big- 
time 
Republican 
Larry 
Summers, 
right? He begged you not to do it. You 
did it anyway, and you set it off. You 
basically took a flaming log and threw 
it on the kindling. Then you run 
around and say, ‘‘Well, it was Russia.’’ 
I am going to show you over and over 
here that it was going on before the 
Russian invasion of Ukraine. 
I am going to show you that your 
policies, for years, are what set off en-
ergy prices. But one of the inputs, if 
you want to tamp down inflation, that 
we as Members of Congress can do is 
incentivize society. You incentivize in-
dustry to make more stuff. 
Some of the ways you do that is you 
get more of our brothers and sisters to 
participate in the economy. The fact of 
the matter is that was also one of the 
miracles that we accomplished with 
tax reform, the number of folks that 
came from the sidelines and came back 
into work because it became profitable 
for their lives, because there were op-
portunities. 
Once again, is growth moral? Because 
what we accomplished was pretty re-
markable. 
I know it may be hard to try to get 
your head around some of these charts, 
but the fact of the matter is the spike 
we saw of people coming back out of re-
tirement and going back into the labor 
force and young people, I guess, drop-
ping their video games and going into 
the labor force, it didn’t set off infla-
tion. In many ways, what it did was 
help set off productivity so we had 
those amazing wealth effects there, 
particularly in 2018, 2019, the first quar-
ter of 2020 before the pandemic. 
Look where we are at today. Today, 
we are now seeing articles that labor 
force participation—our numbers of 
brothers and sister who are going to 
choose not to participate in the econ-
omy, who are going to take early re-
tirement, not come back into labor— 
continues to leave us flatlined, leaving 
our country with the solution the left 
is going to give us for inflation is to let 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:47 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00044
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.061
H13MYPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 43-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4967 
May 13, 2022 
the Federal Reserve drive us into a re-
cession. That is all you are giving us 
right now. 
This chart is absolutely fascinating 
for folks. Remember how Democrats 
believed they made people’s lives so 
much better by functionally handing 
out cash? 
b 1430 
Did you know that our brothers and 
sister had a hell of a lot more cash in 
their bank accounts before COVID? The 
amount of economic growth that was 
happening 
over 
here—they 
weren’t 
spending it as fast as they got it. It was 
actually starting to go into their fu-
ture retirement, their retirement secu-
rity, the money for their kids’ edu-
cation. 
The fact of the matter is the chart is 
the chart. These are the increases in 
household income, household checking 
deposits for the lowest 20 percent of 
quartiles. I despise that term. The fact 
of the matter is these are our brothers 
and sisters who are considered to be at 
the bottom 20 percent of the income 
quartiles. 
You 
see 
this 
dramatic 
change in how much money they had in 
their checking accounts? Over here you 
can see—here is the blip where we sent 
out COVID money, and here is where 
they are today. It is gone. As a matter 
of fact, it is now lower than it was pre- 
COVID. 
This is the Democrats’ great success 
in the Keynesian stimulus model of 
handing out cash. Our brothers and sis-
ters have less cash in the bank than 
they did before. When we were doing it 
through economic growth and not 
handouts, our brothers and sisters out 
there—if you care about the poor and 
the working poor, you made them poor-
er. 
If I get one more Democrat here who 
comes behind the microphone, and 
says: Well, energy prices are because of 
the invasion. Come on. We all know 
that isn’t true. 
How many times have there been 
votes in this House and every single 
Democrat voted no to construction of 
new refineries, no construction to even 
provide permits for new refineries, no 
new drilling? We have vote after vote 
after vote and this has been going on 
for decades. 
You have all heard this discussion of 
when the Biden administration took 
over and they functionally took their 
regulatory apparatus, and said, you 
give a loan, you are a pension system, 
and you invest in hydrocarbons. We 
need you now to file new disclosures on 
what you did for the environment and 
greenhouse. What are your risk levels? 
You functionally basically created 
this chilling effect for what we call the 
capital stack, the access to capital to 
extract and refine hydrocarbons. It 
sounds a little geeky. Let’s make this 
simple. 
It is not because of the cancellation 
of the pipelines; it is a little bit. It is 
not because of the lack of leases; it is 
a little bit. It is substantially because 
in 2020 you had the collapse of the use-
ful hydrocarbons because everyone is 
staying home. If you remember, we 
went to negative oil prices. Lots and 
lots of fields and lots of delivery sys-
tems shut down. A year later, we des-
perately need those back into produc-
tion. 
The Democrats have taken over ev-
erything and now they make it damn 
hard to get any money. They make it 
damn hard to put that field back into 
production. What did you think was 
going to happen? 
I am going to show you in a couple of 
charts—it is a couple charts away—the 
pricing that we are paying today for 
heating and cooling our homes, for fill-
ing up our vehicle, was coming before 
the invasion. What Russia is doing to 
Ukraine just brought it forward by a 
few months, but you could already see 
it in the futures market. 
Don’t you remember last fall we were 
having discussions here on the floor 
about how people were going to heat 
their homes this winter? Once again, 
you are going to have the President 
and Democrats say, well, it is Putin’s 
inflation. It is just not true. It is Dem-
ocrat policy. 
The fact of the matter is—think 
about this—when we functionally hit 
2019 and going into the first part of 
2020, we were energy independent. We 
functionally had accomplished the mir-
acle that we had not seen for 30, 40, 50 
years. Imagine if we had that today? It 
shows you how much damage the left 
has been able to accomplish in 15 
months. 
There is a great irony here. One of 
the pledges of the Democrats when 
they were running in the last election 
and the Biden campaign, and even the 
people that ran against me—we are 
going to clean the environment. We ac-
tually care. We are going to deal with 
greenhouse gases. Their lack of under-
standing of basic economics—they do 
all these things, they screw up the cap-
ital stack, they screw up the ability to 
extract natural gas, natural gas goes 
way up in price, and power plants all 
across the country have to convert 
back to coal. 
Congratulations, guys. Last year, 
America burned 23 percent more coal 
because you raised the price of the dra-
matically cleaner natural gas so much 
they had to convert back to coal. So 
when 
the 
environmental 
party—at 
least the party that claims to be. But if 
you look at the math, the Republicans’ 
ability to get natural gas to the mar-
ket cheaply and efficiently is what got 
us so darn close to those Paris accord 
numbers, just organically, because we 
believed in economics. 
The control freaks here that thought 
they controlled the energy markets— 
sorry, guys, you made it much worse. 
You made it much worse. The math is 
the math. This is math coming from 
the Democrat administration admit-
ting they made it much worse. 
Once again, if you take a look at the 
futures market—and this is long before 
the 
invasion—when 
you 
see 
these 
spikes, this is almost a year ago, it was 
already coming because the constraint 
on supplies was already built into the 
policy of Democrat control of this gov-
ernment. 
The misery today—even though there 
is going to be this desperate attempt to 
say it is Putin’s inflation and Putin’s 
gas prices—it is just not true. Some of 
us were on this floor last October say-
ing that we were already seeing this in 
the futures market. The only thing the 
invasion did is just brought it forward 
by a few months. 
You wonder why you have inflation. 
Let’s see. Left policies blew up the en-
ergy market. Left policies financed 
massive amounts of liquidity and the 
incentive to functionally stay home 
and not be part of a productive society. 
Great Democrat policies again. 
Take a look at the misery index— 
which actually I should do a calcula-
tion. I should go back and try to figure 
out—in this misery index we would 
probably just do inflation and how 
many people are living on the street 
and how many kids are dying of 
fentanyl overdose because the border is 
open. That may be one of our coming 
projects. 
The fact of the matter is, the CPI 
calculation—and this is just from the 
last couple of weeks—is now well over 
14 percent, and we are seeing food, en-
ergy, shelter coming close to 20 per-
cent. These are the core components. 
This is year over year. This isn’t the 
little transitory—do you remember 
how we were promised over and over by 
the administration and my Democrat 
colleagues that it was transitory? This 
is year over year. This is your version 
of transitory? 
If you want to make Americans poor-
er, what are some of the cruelest 
things you can do? Let’s go back to our 
working poor. What are the two things 
you do to crush the working poor? In-
flation and open up the border. You 
flood the population with individuals 
with similar skill sets and then you 
make the core things you need: food, 
rent and fuel—if you are rich, which we 
know the Democratic Party now has 
become substantially an elite party. If 
you take a look at your money, it is 
rich coastal people that write the 
checks. It is what it is. 
That working class, particularly the 
poor working class, are just getting 
their heads kicked in. The only solu-
tion we get from the left is, well, let’s 
send them more checks, even though 
that worked brilliantly a year ago. 
If you start to look at fuel, 58.8, gaso-
line up 43 percent. Then you start tak-
ing a look at changes in food and shel-
ter. In my community, I represent a 
population that has had the highest in-
flation now for almost a year and a 
half. The calculation that just came 
out last week, my community just suf-
fered 11 percent year-over-year infla-
tion. Last January, the year-over-year 
inflation was 10.9. My community has 
gotten poorer, substantially poorer, be-
cause of Democrat policies. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:47 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00045
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.062
H13MYPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 44-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4968 
May 13, 2022 
Now you start to think about that 
middle class, how much of their income 
actually goes to buy fuel or, in this 
case, buy food? You get the con job 
here saying, well, the core CPI says 
this. Okay. 
When you adjust core CPI, the con-
sumer price index, and you start to 
think about individuals of—if I am in 
the working middle class, that hard-
working middle class, or even some of 
the lower quartiles, the amount of your 
income that goes to food, fuel and shel-
ter, you start to realize across the 
country that it is not 8.1 or whatever 
that number is that was the national 
average, it is over 10. 
It is folks with assets, like a bunch of 
the Members here. They own houses, 
they own a second house, they own a 
vacation home. They are invested in 
real estate equities. They own some 
REITs holdings. They are doing fine. 
All those adjust with inflation. 
But for our brothers and sisters who 
are just trying to survive, we are kick-
ing their heads in. It is policy that 
came from the floor of this House that 
did it. 
You start to think about the share of 
income now having to be spent just on 
shelter, when our lowest quartiles, or 
quintiles, however you prefer to say it, 
is now over 241⁄2 percent for our lowest 
quintile to basically just pay for their 
rent. These are nationwide numbers. 
This isn’t my Phoenix-Scottsdale num-
ber where it is actually substantially 
higher. 
Congratulations to my community, 
Democrats brought you 11 percent in-
flation. Yay. After redistricting—I am 
blessed, I have an amazing community, 
but my community voted for Joe Biden 
by a couple of points, but they didn’t 
vote for this. 
If you want to make someone that is 
retired, if you want to make a working 
person poorer, do this. This is misery. 
The unwillingness—this is an uncom-
fortable analogy, but I think it works. 
Does anyone have a friend that they 
tried to help through being an alco-
holic and you took them to their 12- 
step meeting? 
What is the first step? They admit 
they have a problem. My brothers and 
sisters on the left here won’t admit 
they have a problem because they 
won’t admit they did this. 
Let’s start going over some of the 
brilliant policy ideas—and I only use 
this one as a simple example because it 
is easy to digest. In the Democrats’ 
Build Back Better, they have been 
speechifying to us that supply chains 
are setting off inflation, we need more 
production, we need this. 
Then they slip language into their 
own legislation that says—but you 
can’t automate the ports because we 
are beholden to the unions. Think 
about that. The Build Back Better has 
a provision in there, slipped in there, 
hidden in there, that you can’t auto-
mate the very things that technology 
disruptions can help make us more pro-
ductive, so that we can actually start 
to drive inflation down and get the 
wealth cycle back to our brothers and 
sisters here in this country. They are 
more beholden to their union constitu-
ency than the working men and women 
of this country. 
b 1445 
Then here is the very last slide. 
Mr. Speaker, may I ask for my time? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman has 3 minutes remaining. 
Mr. SCHWEIKERT. It shows you how 
fast you can talk if you have been just 
sucking down coffee all day, Mr. 
Speaker. 
I should throw this out: I have had 
the pleasure of sitting there when I 
have someone on the other side, and I 
know it is sometimes like fingernails 
on a chalkboard, and you are a good 
guy to tolerate because I am frus-
trated. I am frustrated that this body 
is not living up to what we are capable 
of. There are lots of reasons and lots of 
excuses. But, please, to anyone here, no 
more going behind the microphone and 
saying: but it is all paid for. 
The math up to this point of just 
what has been passed—this isn’t what 
has been proposed, what is proposed is 
off the chart—just what has been 
passed, the left has functionally in-
creased the deficit by $21⁄2 trillion dol-
lars. 
That is actually using the much 
more favorable CBO scoring. So no 
more pretending and saying everything 
is paid for. It is not. 
All I’m trying to do here is a simple 
point: judge us as conservatives and 
Republicans by what we did policywise 
in 2017, ‘18, and ‘19 and the good it was 
for the country. It was good for every-
one across the board. And then take a 
look at particularly the last 15 months. 
I beg of my Democratic colleagues: 
reach back, figure out what we did that 
worked, steal the ideas and call them 
your own. But the country deserves so 
much better than what they are get-
ting from this body today. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. With re-
spect to a unanimous consent request 
entered earlier today by Mr. COLE of 
Oklahoma, the Chair would clarify that 
such request cannot be entertained 
with respect to H.R. 7648. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 11(b) of House Resolu-
tion 188, the House stands adjourned 
until noon on Monday next for morn-
ing-hour debate and 2 p.m. for legisla-
tive business. 
Thereupon (at 2 o’clock and 47 min-
utes p.m.), under its previous order, the 
House adjourned until Monday, May 16, 
2022, at noon for morning-hour debate. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the 
Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
EC–4122. A letter from the Assistant Gen-
eral Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and 
Energy Efficiency, Office of Energy Effi-
ciency and Renewable Energy, Department 
of Energy, transmitting the Department’s 
final rule — Energy Conservation Program: 
Test Procedure for Commercial Prerinse 
Spray Valves [EERE-2019-BT-TP-0025] (RIN: 
1904-AE55) received March 30, 2022, pursuant 
to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, 
Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on 
Energy and Commerce. 
EC–4123. A letter from the Chief of Staff, 
Media 
Bureau, 
Federal 
Communications 
Commission, transmitting the Commission’s 
final rule — Amendment of Section 73.6622(j), 
Table 
of 
Allotments, 
Television 
Broad-
casting Services (Vernon, Alabama) [MB 
Docket No.: 22-30] (RM-11916) received April 
26, 2022, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); 
Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to 
the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
EC–4124. A letter from the Chief of Staff, 
Media 
Bureau, 
Federal 
Communications 
Commission, transmitting the Commission’s 
final rule — Amendment of Section 73.622(j), 
Table 
of 
Allotments, 
Television 
Broad-
casting Services (Billings, Montana) [MB 
Docket No.: 22-39] (RM-11917) received April 
26, 2022, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); 
Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to 
the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
EC–4125. A letter from the Chief of Staff, 
Media 
Bureau, 
Federal 
Communications 
Commission, transmitting the Commission’s 
final rule — Amendment of Section 73.622(j), 
Table 
of 
Allotments, 
Television 
Broad-
casting Services (Albany, New York) [MB 
Docket No.: 22-13] (RM-11914) received April 
26, 2022, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); 
Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to 
the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
EC–4126. A letter from the Director, Office 
of Congressional Affairs, U.S. Nuclear Regu-
latory Commission, transmitting the Com-
mission’s NUREG technical report — Con-
solidated Decommissioning Guidance, Char-
acterization, Survey, and Determination of 
Radiological Criteria, Final Report received 
April 
28, 
2022, 
pursuant 
to 
5 
U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. 
EC–4127. A letter from the Legal Yeoman, 
CG-LRA, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of 
Homeland Security, transmitting the De-
partment’s temporary final rule — Safety 
Zone; Anacostia River, Washington, DC 
[Docket Number: USCG-2022-0212] (RIN: 1625- 
AA00) received April 25, 2022, pursuant to 5 
U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC–4128. A letter from the Legal Yeoman, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland 
Security, transmitting the Department’s 
temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Colum-
bia River, Rufus, OR [Docket Number: 
USCG-2022-0176] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received 
April 
25, 
2022, 
pursuant 
to 
5 
U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure. 
EC–4129. A letter from the Legal Yeoman, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland 
Security, transmitting the Department’s 
temporary final rule — Security Zone; San 
Diego Bay, San Diego, CA [Docket Number: 
USCG-2022-0234] (RIN: 1625-AA87) received 
April 
25, 
2022, 
pursuant 
to 
5 
U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:43 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00046
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.064
H13MYPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 45-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4969 
May 13, 2022 
EC–4130. A letter from the Legal Yeoman, 
CG-LRA, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of 
Homeland Security, transmitting the De-
partment’s temporary final rule — Special 
Local Regulation; Bonita Tideway, Brigan-
tine, NJ [Docket Number: USCG-2022-0232] 
(RIN: 1625-AA08) received April 25, 2022, pur-
suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 
121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee 
on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC–4131. A letter from the Legal Tech, CG- 
LRA, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of 
Homeland Security, transmitting the De-
partment’s temporary final rule — Safety 
Zone for Pollution Responders; Neva Strait, 
Sitka, AK [Docket Number: USCG-2022-0216] 
(RIN: 1625-AA00) received April 25, 2022, pur-
suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 
121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee 
on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC–4132. A letter from the Legal Yeoman, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland 
Security, transmitting the Department’s 
final rule — Special Local Regulation; 
Montlake Cut, Union Bay Reach, Seattle, 
Washington [Docket Number: USCG-2021- 
0774] (RIN: 1625-AA08) received April 25, 2022, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture. 
EC–4133. A letter from the Legal Yeoman, 
CG-LRA, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of 
Homeland Security, transmitting the De-
partment’s temporary final rule — Safety 
Zone; Chincoteague Bay, Chincoteague, VA 
[Docket Number: USCG-2021-0751] (RIN: 1625- 
AA00) received April 25, 2022, pursuant to 5 
U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC–4134. A letter from the Legal Yeoman, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland 
Security, transmitting the Department’s 
temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Ten-
nessee River, Chattanooga, TN [Docket 
Number: USCG-2022-0250] (RIN: 1625-AA00) re-
ceived April 25, 2022, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure. 
EC–4135. A letter from the Legal Yeoman, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland 
Security, transmitting the Department’s 
temporary final rule — Security Zone; Coo-
per River Bridge Run, Cooper River and 
Town Creek Reaches, Charleston, SC [Docket 
Number: USCG-2022-0174] (RIN: 1625-AA87) re-
ceived April 25, 2022, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure. 
EC–4136. A letter from the Legal Yeoman, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland 
Security, transmitting the Department’s 
final rule — Great Lakes Pilotage Rates-2022 
Annual Review and Revisions to Method-
ology [Docket No.: USCG-2021-0431] (RIN: 
1625-AC70) received April 25, 2022, pursuant to 
5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC–4137. A letter from the Legal Yeoman, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland 
Security, transmitting the Department’s 
temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Fire-
stone Grand Prix of St. Petersburg, St. Pe-
tersburg, Florida [Docket No.: USCG-2022- 
0075] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received March 30, 
2022, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public 
Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure. 
EC–4138. A letter from the Legal Tech, CG- 
LRA, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of 
Homeland Security, transmitting the De-
partment’s temporary final rule — Safety 
Zone; Maumee River, Toledo, OH [Docket 
No.: 
USCG-2021-0303] 
(RIN:1625-AA00) 
re-
ceived March 30, 2022, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure. 
EC–4139. A letter from the Legal Tech, CG- 
LRA, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of 
Homeland Security, transmitting the De-
partment’s final rule — Navigation and Navi-
gable Waters, and Shipping; Technical, Orga-
nizational, and Conforming Amendments 
[Docket No.: USCG-2021-0348] received March 
30, 2022, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); 
Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to 
the Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure. 
EC–4140. A letter from the Legal Yeoman, 
CG-LRA, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of 
Homeland Security, transmitting the De-
partment’s final rule — Security Zone, Dela-
ware River, Philadelphia, PA [Docket No. 
USCG-2022-0040] (RIN: 1625-AA87) received 
March 
30, 
2022, 
pursuant 
to 
5 
U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure. 
EC–4141. A letter from the Legal Yeoman, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland 
Security, transmitting the Department’s 
final rule — Drawbridge Operation Regula-
tion; Tschefuncta River [Docket No.: USCG- 
2016-0963] (RIN: 1625-AA09) received March 30, 
2022, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public 
Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure. 
EC–4142. A letter from the Legal Yeoman, 
CG-LRA, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of 
Homeland Security, transmitting the De-
partment’s temporary final rule — Security 
Zones; Christina River, Wilmington, DE; 
Darby Creek and Schuykill River, Philadel-
phia, PA [Docket No.: USCG-2022-0145] (RIN: 
1625-AA87) received March 30, 2022, pursuant 
to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, 
Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC–4143. A letter from the Legal Yeoman, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland 
Security, transmitting the Department’s 
temporary final rule — Special Local Regu-
lation; Lake Havasu, Lake Havasu City, AZ 
[Docket No.: USCG-2022-0032] (RIN: 1625- 
AA08) received March 30, 2022, pursuant to 5 
U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC–4144. A letter from the Legal Yeoman, 
CG-LRA, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of 
Homeland Security, transmitting the De-
partment’s temporary final rule — Security 
Zone for Navy Diving Exercise; Gastineau 
Channel, Juneau, AK [Docket No.: USCG- 
2021-0893] (RIN: 1625-AA87) received March 30, 
2022, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public 
Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure. 
EC–4145. A letter from the Legal Yeoman, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland 
Security, transmitting the Department’s 
temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Jackson 
Fireworks Scattering; Yellow Bluff San 
Francisco Bay, Sausalito, CA [Docket No.: 
USCG-2022-0069] (RIN: 1625-AA00) March 30, 
2022, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public 
Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure. 
EC–4146. A letter from the Legal Yeoman, 
CG-LRA, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of 
Homeland Security, transmitting the De-
partment’s temporary final rule — Security 
Zones; Anacostia River, Washington, DC and 
Susquehanna River, between Cecil and Har-
ford Counties, MD [Docket No.: USCG-2022- 
0127] (RIN: 1625-AA87) received March 30, 
2022, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public 
Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure. 
EC–4147. A letter from the Legal Techni-
cian, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of 
Homeland Security, transmitting the De-
partment’s final rule — Safety Zone; Shore 
(Belt) Parkway Bridge Construction, Mill 
Basin; Brooklyn, NY [Docket No.: USCG- 
2021-0848] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received March 30, 
2022, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public 
Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure. 
EC–4148. A letter from the Legal Yeoman, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland 
Security, transmitting the Department’s 
temporary final rule — Security Zone; 
Grounded Tug and Barge, Deerfield Beach, 
FL [Docket No.: USCG-0222-0074] (RIN: 1625- 
AA87) received March 30, 2022, pursuant to 5 
U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC–4149. A letter from the Legal Yeoman, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland 
Security, transmitting the Department’s 
temporary final rule — Drawbridge Oper-
ation Regulation; Chicago River, Chicago, IL 
[Docket No.: USCG-2022-0035] (RIN: 1625- 
AA09) received March 30, 2022, pursuant to 5 
U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC–4150. A letter from the Legal Yeoman, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland 
Security, transmitting the Department’s 
temporary final rule — Safety Zone; CBWTP 
Outfall Diffuser Improvements, Columbia 
River, Portland, OR [Docket No.: USCG-2021- 
0647] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received March 30, 
2022, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public 
Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure. 
EC–4151. A letter from the Legal Yeoman, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland 
Security, transmitting the Department’s 
temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Poto-
mac River, Between Charles County, MD and 
King George County, VA [Docket No.: USCG- 
2022-0112] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received March 30, 
2022, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public 
Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure. 
EC–4152. A letter from the Legal Yeoman, 
CG-LRA, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of 
Homeland Security, transmitting the De-
partment’s temporary final rule — Safety 
Zone; Atlantic Ocean, Cape Lookout, NC 
[Docket No.: USCG-2022-0094] (RIN: 1625- 
AA00) received March 30, 2022, pursuant to 5 
U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC–4153. A letter from the Legal Yeoman, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland 
Security, transmitting the Department’s 
temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Coast 
Guard Island, Alameda, CA [Docket No.: 
USCG-2022-0126] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received 
March 
30, 
2022, 
pursuant 
to 
5 
U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure. 
EC–4154. A letter from the Legal Yeoman, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland 
Security, transmitting the Department’s 
final rule — Drawbridge Operation Regula-
tion; Old River, Between Victoria Island and 
Byron Tract, CA [Docket No.: USCG-2021- 
0181] (RIN: 1625-AA09) received March 30, 
2022, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public 
Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure. 
EC–4155. A letter from the Legal Techni-
cian, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:47 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00047
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\L13MY7.000
H13MYPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 46-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4970 
May 13, 2022 
Homeland Security, transmitting the De-
partment’s final rule — Special Local Regu-
lations; Sector Ohio Valley Annual and Re-
curring Special Local Regulations, Update 
[Docket No.: USCG-2021-0873] (RIN: 1625- 
AA08) received March 30, 2022, pursuant to 5 
U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC–4156. A letter from the Legal Yeoman, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland 
Security, transmitting the Department’s 
final rule — Operational Risk Assessments 
for Waterfront Facilities Handling Liquified 
Natural Gas and Fuel, and Updates to Indus-
try Standards [Docket No.: USCG-2019-0444] 
(RIN: 1625-AC52) received March 30, 2022, pur-
suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 
121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee 
on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC–4157. A letter from the Director, Legal 
Processing Division, Internal Revenue Serv-
ice, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule 
— 2022 Indexed Qualifying Payment Amount 
(Rev. Proc. 2022-11) received April 26, 2022, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk 
for printing and reference to the proper 
calendar, as follows: 
Mr. Thompson of Mississippi: Committee 
on Homeland Security. H.R. 6873. A bill to 
amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to 
establish the Office for Bombing Prevention 
to address terrorist explosive threats, and 
for other purposes; with an amendment 
(Rept. 117–322). Referred to the Committee of 
the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. Thompson of Mississippi: Committee 
on Homeland Security. H.R. 6868. A bill to 
amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to 
provide for financial assistance to fund cer-
tain cybersecurity and infrastructure secu-
rity education and training programs and 
initiatives, and for other purposes; with an 
amendment (Rept. 117–323). Referred to the 
Committee of the Whole House on the state 
of the Union. 
Mr. Thompson of Mississippi: Committee 
on Homeland Security. H.R. 6824. A bill to 
authorize the Cybersecurity and Infrastruc-
ture Security Agency of the Department of 
Homeland Security to hold an annual cyber-
security competition relating to offensive 
and defensive cybersecurity disciplines, and 
for other purposes; with an amendment 
(Rept. 117–324). Referred to the Committee of 
the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following 
titles were introduced and severally re-
ferred, as follows: 
By Mrs. NAPOLITANO (for herself and 
Mr. ROUZER): 
H.R. 7762. A bill to amend the Act of Au-
gust 10, 1956, to provide for the payment of 
pay and allowances for certain officers of the 
Army who are assigned to the Corps of Engi-
neers; to the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. KHANNA: 
H.R. 7763. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Agriculture to support and incentivize do-
mestic activities to address fertilizer short-
ages and deficiencies, diversify fertilizer 
sources, and reduce dependency on foreign 
sources for fertilizer, and for other purposes; 
to the Committee on Agriculture. 
By Mr. HARDER of California: 
H.R. 7764. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Agriculture to provide additional payments 
under the environmental quality incentives 
program for implementation of a nutrient 
management practice, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
By Ms. SPANBERGER (for herself and 
Mr. GONZALEZ of Ohio): 
H.R. 7765. A bill to amend the Agricultural 
Marketing Act of 1946 to direct the Secretary 
of Agriculture to establish Supply Chain Re-
gional Resource Centers, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
By Mrs. BOEBERT (for herself, Mr. 
TIFFANY, Mr. BIGGS, Mr. BENTZ, Mr. 
BERGMAN, 
Mrs. 
FISCHBACH, 
Mr. 
FULCHER, Mr. GALLAGHER, Mr. GOH-
MERT, Mr. GOSAR, Mr. GROTHMAN, Mr. 
LAMALFA, 
Mr. 
LAMBORN, 
Mr. 
NEWHOUSE, 
Mr. 
PERRY, 
Mr. 
ROSENDALE, Mr. STAUBER, Mr. STEIL, 
Mr. BUCK, Mr. MOOLENAAR, and Mr. 
EMMER): 
H.R. 7766. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Interior to reissue regulations removing 
the gray wolf from the list of endangered and 
threatened wildlife under the Endangered 
Species Act of 1973; to the Committee on 
Natural Resources. 
By Mr. COURTNEY (for himself and 
Mr. NORCROSS): 
H.R. 7767. A bill to amend the Employee 
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 to 
provide for the enforcement of mental health 
and substance abuse disorder parity require-
ments, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Education and Labor. 
By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois (for 
himself, 
Mr. 
PANETTA, 
Mrs. 
FISCHBACH, Ms. SPANBERGER, and Ms. 
CRAIG): 
H.R. 7768. A bill to affirm that the Farm 
Credit Administration is the sole and inde-
pendent regulator of the Farm Credit Sys-
tem; to the Committee on Agriculture, and 
in addition to the Committee on Financial 
Services, for a period to be subsequently de-
termined by the Speaker, in each case for 
consideration of such provisions as fall with-
in the jurisdiction of the committee con-
cerned. 
By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York (for herself, Mr. NADLER, 
Ms. VELA´ ZQUEZ, Mr. BOWMAN, Mr. 
ESPAILLAT, Mr. JEFFRIES, Mr. JOHN-
SON
of Georgia, Mr. LYNCH, Mr. 
MEEKS, Ms. MENG, Ms. NORTON, Ms. 
OCASIO-CORTEZ, Mr. PAYNE, Mr. SHER-
MAN, Mr. SUOZZI, and Mr. TORRES of 
New York): 
H.R. 7769. A bill to establish a commission 
to develop a helicopter usage management 
plan for certain airspace, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. PHILLIPS: 
H.R. 7770. A bill to amend the Family and 
Medical Leave Act of 1993 to permit addi-
tional leave for bone marrow or blood stem 
cell donation, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Education and Labor, and in 
addition to the Committees on Oversight and 
Reform, and House Administration, for a pe-
riod to be subsequently determined by the 
Speaker, in each case for consideration of 
such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-
tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. ROUZER: 
H.R. 7771. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Army and the Administrator of the Envi-
ronmental Protection Agency to conduct a 
study analyzing the cost to permit appli-
cants and permit holders of complying with 
sections 402 and 404 of the Federal Water Pol-
lution Control Act, and for other purposes; 
to the Committee on Transportation and In-
frastructure. 
By Mr. ROY (for himself, Mr. PERRY, 
Mr. GOSAR, Mr. NORMAN, Mr. GOOD of 
Virginia, Mrs. BOEBERT, Mr. HIGGINS 
of Louisiana, Mr. HICE of Georgia, 
Mr. CLOUD, Mr. TIFFANY, Mr. POSEY, 
Mr. ROSENDALE, Mr. DONALDS, Mr. 
BISHOP of North Carolina, Mrs. MIL-
LER of Illinois, Mr. GOHMERT, and Mr. 
BIGGS): 
H.R. 7772. A bill to authorize the Secretary 
of Homeland Security to suspend the entry 
of aliens, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Homeland Security, and in addi-
tion to the Committee on the Judiciary, for 
a period to be subsequently determined by 
the Speaker, in each case for consideration 
of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-
tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for him-
self, Mr. TONKO, and Ms. WATERS): 
H.R. 7773. A bill to require an annual budg-
et estimate for the initiatives of the Na-
tional Institutes of Health pursuant to re-
ports and recommendations made under the 
National Alzheimer’s Project Act; to the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. THOMPSON of California (for 
himself and Mr. SMITH of Nebraska): 
H.R. 7774. A bill to streamline the em-
ployer reporting process and strengthen the 
eligibility verification process for the pre-
mium assistance tax credit and cost-sharing 
subsidy; to the Committee on Ways and 
Means, and in addition to the Committee on 
Energy and Commerce, for a period to be 
subsequently determined by the Speaker, in 
each case for consideration of such provi-
sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
By Mr. TONKO (for himself, Mr. SMITH 
of New Jersey, and Ms. WATERS): 
H.R. 7775. A bill to extend the National 
Alzheimer’s Project; to the Committee on 
Energy and Commerce. 
By 
Mr. 
GUEST 
(for 
himself, 
Ms. 
LETLOW, 
Mrs. 
DEMINGS, 
Mr. 
GARBARINO, Mr. GIMENEZ, Mr. KATKO, 
Mrs. CAMMACK, Mr. WITTMAN, Mr. 
KELLY of Mississippi, Mr. BUDD, Mr. 
MCCLINTOCK, 
Ms. 
SALAZAR, 
Mrs. 
WALORSKI, Mr. HUIZENGA, Mr. NOR-
MAN, Ms. VAN DUYNE, Mr. CARSON, 
Mr. RYAN, Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio, Mr. 
O’HALLERAN, Mr. BISHOP of Georgia, 
Mr. 
ROGERS
of 
Alabama, 
Mr. 
PALAZZO, Mr. ISSA, Mr. GOOD of Vir-
ginia, 
Mr. 
RESCHENTHALER, 
Mr. 
CAWTHORN, Ms. MALLIOTAKIS, Mr. 
CARTER of Georgia, Mr. GARCIA of 
California, Mr. COSTA, Mr. NEHLS, 
Mrs. KIM of California, Mr. GOHMERT, 
Mr. MOOLENAAR, Mr. MEIJER, Mr. 
MANN, Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana, Mr. 
KILDEE, 
Mr. 
FITZGERALD, 
Mrs. 
MCCLAIN, 
Mr. 
SCALISE, 
Ms. 
SPANBERGER, Mr. CHABOT, Mr. LATTA, 
Mr. 
DAVIDSON, 
Mr. 
STEIL, 
Mr. 
LATURNER, Mr. THOMPSON of Penn-
sylvania, Mr. LAMBORN, Mr. BIGGS, 
Mr. MOONEY, Mr. BACON, Mr. KELLY 
of Pennsylvania, Mr. JOHNSON of Lou-
isiana, Mr. OWENS, Ms. CHENEY, Mr. 
KUSTOFF, 
Mr. 
TIMMONS, 
Mr. 
OBERNOLTE, Mrs. MILLER-MEEKS, Mr. 
PENCE, Mr. WENSTRUP, Mr. HICE of 
Georgia, Mr. JOYCE
of Ohio, Mr. 
BALDERSON, 
Mr. 
CRENSHAW, 
Mr. 
FITZPATRICK, Mrs. HINSON, Mr. JA-
COBS of New York, Mr. EMMER, Mr. 
STAUBER, Mr. JOHNSON of South Da-
kota, Mr. CLYDE, Mr. BISHOP of North 
Carolina, Mr. WILSON of South Caro-
lina, Mr. HUDSON, Mr. WESTERMAN, 
and Mr. HARRIS): 
H. Res. 1114. A resolution expressing sup-
port for recognizing ‘‘National Police Week’’; 
to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:47 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00048
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\L13MY7.000
H13MYPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 47-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4971 
May 13, 2022 
By Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio (for himself, 
Mr. 
TIMMONS, 
Mr. 
MEUSER, 
Mr. 
MCKINLEY, and Mr. NEWHOUSE): 
H. Res. 1115. A resolution requiring each 
Member of the House of Representatives to 
serve one shift in a passenger seat of a law 
enforcement vehicle observing the work day 
of a local law enforcement officer once each 
session of the Congress, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on House Adminis-
tration. 
By Ms. MALLIOTAKIS: 
H. Res. 1116. A resolution expressing sup-
port for the annual Childhood Apraxia of 
Speech Awareness Day on May 14, 2022, coin-
ciding with Better Hearing and Speech 
Month; to the Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. 
By Mr. WENSTRUP: 
H. Res. 1117. A resolution expressing sup-
port for the designation of 2022 as the ‘‘Year 
of the Parents’’; to the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-
tives, the following statements are sub-
mitted regarding the specific powers 
granted to Congress in the Constitu-
tion to enact the accompanying bill or 
joint resolution. 
By Mrs. NAPOLITANO: 
H.R. 7762. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
clause 3 of section 8 of article I of the Con-
stitution. 
By Mr. KHANNA: 
H.R. 7763. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The commerce clause power under article 
1, section 8, clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution. 
By Mr. HARDER of California: 
H.R. 7764. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Ms. SPANBERGER: 
H.R. 7765. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mrs. BOEBERT: 
H.R. 7766. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, 
to pay the Debts and provide for the common 
Defence and general Welfare of the United 
States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises 
shall be uniform throughout the United 
States; 
By Mr. COURTNEY: 
H.R. 7767. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8. 
By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois: 
H.R. 7768. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution: 
Congress has the power ‘‘to make all Laws 
which shall be necessary and proper for car-
rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, 
and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-
tion in the Government of the United States, 
or any Department or Officer thereof’’. 
By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York: 
H.R. 7769. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. PHILLIPS: 
H.R. 7770. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. ROUZER: 
H.R. 7771. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Con-
stitution. 
By Mr. ROY: 
H.R. 7772. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United 
States 
Constitution—to 
make 
all 
Laws 
which shall be necessary and proper for car-
rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, 
and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-
tion in the Government of the United States, 
or any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: 
H.R. 7773. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution 
By Mr. THOMPSON of California: 
H.R. 7774. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I 
By Mr. TONKO: 
H.R. 7775. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 
8 of the United States Constitution 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-
tions, as follows: 
H.R. 68: Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia and 
Mr. SHERMAN. 
H.R. 123: Ms. VELA´ ZQUEZ and Mrs. WATSON 
COLEMAN. 
H.R. 419: Mr. EMMER and Mr. BROOKS. 
H.R. 426: Mr. LATTA, Mr. GRAVES of Lou-
isiana, and Mr. GALLAGHER. 
H.R. 497: Mr. ESTES. 
H.R. 541: Mr. OWENS and Mr. LOUDERMILK. 
H.R. 622: Mr. CLEAVER, Ms. BASS, Mr. 
RYAN, and Mr. COHEN. 
H.R. 774: Ms. CHU. 
H.R. 959: Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. 
H.R. 1179: Mr. RUIZ, Mr. BROWN of Mary-
land, and Mr. NADLER. 
H.R. 1397: Mr. GALLEGO. 
H.R. 1474: Mrs. CHERFILUS-MCCORMICK. 
H.R. 1553: Mr. KIM of New Jersey. 
H.R. 1631: Ms. BROWN of Ohio. 
H.R. 1684: Mr. CLEAVER. 
H.R. 1733: Mr. TRONE. 
H.R. 1771: Mrs. MILLER-MEEKS. 
H.R. 1816: Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York and Mr. COURTNEY. 
H.R. 1946: Mr. CROW. 
H.R. 1978: Ms. SA´ NCHEZ. 
H.R. 
2143: 
Ms. 
SALAZAR, 
Mr. 
RESCHENTHALER, Mr. TONKO, Mrs. LAWRENCE, 
Ms. STANSBURY, Mr. CLEAVER, Mr. DANNY K. 
DAVIS of Illinois, Ms. DEAN, Mr. PANETTA, 
Mr. MOULTON, Mr. CARTWRIGHT, Mrs. DIN-
GELL, and Mr. DELGADO. 
H.R. 2187: Mr. BACON. 
H.R. 2256: Mr. SMITH of Washington. 
H.R. 2374: Ms. MANNING. 
H.R. 2565: Mr. MCCAUL and Ms. ROSS. 
H.R. 2604: Mr. JACOBS of New York. 
H.R. 2839: Mr. GOLDEN. 
H.R. 2900: Mr. O’HALLERAN. 
H.R. 2992: Mr. O’HALLERAN, Mr. PAPPAS, 
and Mr. SUOZZI. 
H.R. 3339: Ms. STANSBURY. 
H.R. 3425: Mrs. HARSHBARGER. 
H.R. 3513: Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. 
H.R. 3808: Ms. SEWELL. 
H.R. 3836: Ms. JAYAPAL and Mrs. WATSON 
COLEMAN. 
H.R. 4057: Mr. SHERMAN. 
H.R. 4147: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. 
H.R. 4151: Ms. SA´ NCHEZ and Mr. CA´ RDENAS. 
H.R. 4268: Ms. ROSS, Ms. MANNING, and Ms. 
STRICKLAND. 
H.R. 4436: Mr. COHEN and Mr. PASCRELL. 
H.R. 4442: Mr. LYNCH and Mr. JOHNSON of 
Georgia. 
H.R. 4587: Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. 
H.R. 4716: Mr. LEVIN of Michigan and Mr. 
CLEAVER. 
H.R. 4870: Mr. GUEST and Ms. BONAMICI. 
H.R. 
4943: 
Mr. 
GALLEGO
and 
Mr. 
O’HALLERAN. 
H.R. 
4944: 
Mr. 
GALLEGO
and 
Mr. 
O’HALLERAN. 
H.R. 4949: Ms. BASS. 
H.R. 5232: Mr. VICENTE GONZALEZ of Texas, 
Mr. JACOBS of New York, and Mr. CROW. 
H.R. 5444: Mrs. RADEWAGEN. 
H.R. 5527: Mr. BROOKS. 
H.R. 5537: Mr. RASKIN. 
H.R. 5540: Mr. RASKIN. 
H.R. 5754: Mr. STEUBE, Mr. LANGEVIN, Ms. 
BASS, and Mr. HIMES. 
H.R. 5769: Mr. MALINOWSKI. 
H.R. 5800: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. 
H.R. 6093: Ms. CASTOR of Florida and Ms. 
ESHOO. 
H.R. 6161: Ms. TITUS, Ms. VAN DUYNE, and 
Mr. STEUBE. 
H.R. 6171: Mrs. AXNE. 
H.R. 6202: Mr. BUDD, Mr. RUTHERFORD, Mr. 
MULLIN, Mr. TAKANO, and Mrs. CAROLYN B. 
MALONEY of New York. 
H.R. 6216: Mr. LAWSON
of Florida, Mr. 
AGUILAR, and Ms. ADAMS. 
H.R. 6381: Mr. CICILLINE. 
H.R. 6398: Mr. NADLER. 
H.R. 6448: Mr. SCHNEIDER. 
H.R. 6480: Mr. MEUSER. 
H.R. 6543: Mr. LEVIN of Michigan. 
H.R. 6544: Mr. SMITH of Missouri and Mr. 
MCGOVERN. 
H.R. 6613: Mr. LIEU, Ms. SLOTKIN, Mr. 
O’HALLERAN, Mr. CASTRO
of Texas, Ms. 
CRAIG, Mr. FOSTER, Ms. NORTON, and Ms. 
DELAURO. 
H.R. 6658: Mr. TAYLOR. 
H.R. 6668: Mr. TIMMONS. 
H.R. 6681: Mr. FERGUSON. 
H.R. 6702: Mrs. MCCLAIN. 
H.R. 6704: Mr. GOHMERT and Mr. WALTZ. 
H.R. 6852: Mr. UPTON, Mr. HORSFORD, Mr. 
VALADAO, Mr. PAPPAS, and Mr. SOTO. 
H.R. 6860: Mr. VEASEY. 
H.R. 
6913: 
Mr. 
GRIFFITH
and 
Mrs. 
HARSHBARGER. 
H.R. 6921: Mr. SUOZZI. 
H.R. 6943: Mr. PAPPAS. 
H.R. 6949: Mr. CARTWRIGHT. 
H.R. 7076: Mr. LANGEVIN. 
H.R. 7176: Ms. HOULAHAN. 
H.R. 7198: Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. 
H.R. 7267: Mr. PAPPAS. 
H.R. 7331: Ms. NORTON. 
H.R. 7352: Ms. VAN DUYNE. 
H.R. 7361: Mr. MEIJER. 
H.R. 7366: Mr. NEWHOUSE and Mrs. BICE of 
Oklahoma. 
H.R. 7382: Mr. O’HALLERAN, Ms. TITUS, Mr. 
SUOZZI, and Mr. AMODEI. 
H.R. 7395: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. 
H.R. 7438: Mrs. CAMMACK. 
H.R. 7439: Mr. CONNOLLY, Ms. PINGREE, Ms. 
PORTER, Ms. MOORE of Wisconsin, Ms. SCAN-
LON, and Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. 
H.R. 7465: Mr. THOMPSON of California. 
H.R. 
7477: 
Ms. 
LOFGREN
and 
Mr. 
MALINOWSKI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:47 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00049
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\L13MY7.100
H13MYPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 48-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4972 
May 13, 2022 
H.R. 7479: Mr. GIMENEZ. 
H.R. 7482: Mr. SMITH of Washington, Mr. 
LIEU, Mr. KHANNA, and Ms. SPEIER. 
H.R. 7492: Mr. CLINE. 
H.R. 7510: Mr. WESTERMAN. 
H.R. 7533: Ms. MATSUI, Ms. TITUS, and Mr. 
BROWN of Maryland. 
H.R. 7535: Mr. RASKIN. 
H.R. 7537: Ms. MATSUI, Ms. TITUS, and Mr. 
BROWN of Maryland. 
H.R. 7550: Ms. DEGETTE. 
H.R. 7578: Mr. DONALDS. 
H.R. 7579: Mr. BARR, Mr. HERN, and Ms. 
SALAZAR. 
H.R. 7628: Mr. OWENS. 
H.R. 7644: Ms. SA´ NCHEZ. 
H.R. 7660: Ms. LOIS FRANKEL of Florida. 
H.R. 7680: Ms. VAN DUYNE. 
H.R. 7688: Mr. HARDER of California. 
H.R. 7693: Ms. DEGETTE. 
H.R. 7699: Mr. GROTHMAN, Mr. JACOBS of 
New York, and Mr. MCCLINTOCK. 
H.R. 7703: Ms. TITUS and Ms. CASTOR of 
Florida. 
H.R. 7713: Mr. SMITH of New Jersey, Mr. 
UPTON, and Mr. DUNCAN. 
H.R. 7718: Mr. GOHMERT and Mr. PALMER. 
H.R. 7719: Mrs. MCCLAIN. 
H.R. 7725: Mr. BIGGS. 
H.R. 7736: Ms. BARRAGA´ N, Mr. TAKANO, Mrs. 
CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York, Ms. NOR-
TON, Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, and Mr. TONKO. 
H.R. 7743: Mr. BUDD and Mr. STEUBE. 
H.R. 7758: Mr. C. SCOTT FRANKLIN of Flor-
ida. 
H.J. Res. 86: Mr. GRIFFITH. 
H. Con. Res. 31: Mr. TRONE. 
H. Con. Res. 89: Mr. KAHELE. 
H. Res. 1013: Mr. MORELLE. 
H. Res. 1019: Mr. CARTWRIGHT. 
H. Res. 1076: Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. 
H. Res. 1078: Mr. CARSON. 
H. Res. 1081: Mr. NEGUSE and Mr. BLU-
MENAUER. 
H. Res. 1091: Mr. BABIN, Mr. HICE of Geor-
gia, and Mr. TIFFANY. 
H. Res. 1100: Mr. GALLEGO, Mr. SCHIFF, and 
Mr. TURNER. 
H. Res. 1110: Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia and 
Mr. ESPAILLAT. 
H. Res. 1111: Mr. BALDERSON, Mr. CLOUD, 
Mr. BABIN, Ms. MACE, Mr. KELLY of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. MOONEY, and Ms. TENNEY. 
f 
DISCHARGE PETITIONS— 
ADDITIONS AND WITHDRAWALS 
The following Members added their 
names to the following discharge peti-
tions: 
Petition 11 by Mr. SCHWEIKERT on H.R. 
6009: Mr. LaMalfa. 
Petition 12 by Mr. GOSAR on House Joint 
Resolution 46: Ms. Foxx, Mr. LaMalfa, Mr. 
Gohmert, Mr. Bergman, Mr. Mast, Mr. Hern, 
Mr. Womack, Mr. Donalds, Mr. Armstrong, 
Mr. Calvert, Mr. Banks, Mrs. Harshbarger, 
and Mr. Arrington. 
Petition 13 by Mr. BANKS on H.R. 426: Mr. 
Rice of South Carolina, Mr. Bucshon, Mr. 
McCarthy, Mr. Armstrong, Mrs. Wagner, Mr. 
Bilirakis, Mr. Aderholt, Mr. Fleischmann, 
Mr. Rutherford, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Burgess, Mr. 
LaMalfa, Mr. DesJarlais, Mr. Westerman, 
Mr. Carey, Mr. Ellzey, Mr. Kelly of Mis-
sissippi, Mr. Crenshaw, Ms. Stefanik, Mr. 
Cloud, Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia, Mr. Goh-
mert, Mr. Smith of Nebraska, Mr. Donalds, 
Mr. Smith of New Jersey, Mr. Carter of 
Texas, Mr. Pence, Mr. Brooks, Mr. Griffith, 
Mr. Higgins of Louisiana, Mr. Barr, Mr. 
Bentz, Ms. Van Duyne, Mrs. Hinson, Mr. 
LaTurner, Mr. Rodney Davis of Illinois, Mr. 
Scalise, Mr. Kustoff, Mr. LaHood, Mr. Fitz-
gerald, 
Mr. 
Garcia 
of 
California, 
Mr. 
Buchanan, Mr. Allen, Mr. Hill, Mr. Comer, 
Mr. Huizenga, Mr. Bost, Mr. Bacon, Mr. 
Emmer, Mrs. Steel, Mr. Garbarino, Mr. 
Womack, Ms. Malliotakis, Mr. Newhouse, 
Mr. Calvert, Mr. Graves of Missouri, Mr. Har-
ris, Mr. Lucas, Mr. Cole, Mr. Diaz-Balart, Mr. 
Latta, and Mr. Lamborn. 
Petition 14 by Mr. MAST on House Resolu-
tion 1039: Mrs. McClain, Mr. Gibbs, Mrs. 
Hartzler, Ms. Foxx, Mr. Smith of Nebraska, 
Mr. Hudson, Mr. Norman, Mr. McClintock, 
and Mr. Rosendale. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:47 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00050
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A13MY7.047
H13MYPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 49-
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E497 
May 13, 2022 
HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE 
OF DARRELL RICCI 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, May 13, 2022 
Ms. STEFANIK. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the extraordinary life of Marine 
Corps veteran, accomplished dairy farmer, 
and American patriot Darrell Ricci. 
Darrell Ricci was born in 1935 and raised 
on his family’s dairy farm in Snohomish, 
Washington. He was an active member of the 
Future Farmers of America (FFA). In 1953, 
Darrell received the Star State Dairy Farmer 
Award and graduated from Monroe High 
School. Darrell was then awarded the Amer-
ican Farmer Degree, the highest degree 
achievable in the National FFA Organization 
due to his hard work and dedication. Darrell 
also attended Washington State College to 
study animal science. Towards the end of the 
Korean War, Darrell enlisted in the United 
States Marine Corps. He served for two years 
in Twentynine Palms, California and Brem-
erton, Washington. While in the Marine Corps, 
Darrell met his sweetheart, Joanne Cicelski. 
They got married and began their life together 
in Snohomish Valley. 
Darrell and Joanne were innovative and ac-
complished dairy farmers. Darrell was one of 
the first dairy farmers to utilize artificial insemi-
nation with All-West Breeders. He used the 
‘‘Ricville’’ prefix for over fifty years to identify 
his purebred Holsteins. In 1976, Darrell and 
Joanne were awarded the Washington State 
Dairy Family of the Year. Darrell was a mem-
ber with the Washington State Holstein Asso-
ciation, serving as Snohomish North-King Hol-
stein Club president, state director, and state 
president. The Riccis won many awards for 
their incredible achievements in breeding and 
showing registered Holsteins along with their 
contributions to the dairy industry. 
Darrell also cared greatly for his local com-
munity. He served on the Snohomish School 
Board for several terms and was an active 
member of St. Michael Catholic Church and 
later Maltby Christian Assembly. On behalf of 
New York’s 21st District, I am honored to rec-
ognize my great-uncle Darrell Ricci’s extraor-
dinary life of exemplary service to his country 
and community. His contributions to the Wash-
ington State dairy farming industry cannot be 
understated. It is my hope that his diligent 
work ethic, integrity, and commitment to public 
service will be carried on by those who knew 
and loved him. 
THOMAS CECIL HARMAN 
OBITUARY 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, May 13, 2022 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Madam 
Speaker, I include in the RECORD the following 
obituary for Thomas ‘‘Tommy’’ Cecil Harman. 
Tommy was the loving husband of Bobbie 
Sue Harman with whom he celebrated their 
50th wedding anniversary on January 1, 2022. 
He was the father of Andrea Harman Duncan 
(Mark) and Jason Thomas Harman (Chris-
tina). His six grandchildren, whom he loved 
and cherished, are Abbie and Austin Duncan 
and McElson, Madison, Jase, and Jacob Har-
man. He is also survived by loving brothers- 
in-law and sisters-in-law, loving nieces and 
nephews, a special aunt and uncle, and many 
dear friends. He was predeceased by his par-
ents, Layman and Ganelle Harman and 
brother, Archie L. Harman. 
Tommy was born on December 6, 1950. He 
attended Lexington 1 schools and then 
Clemson University where he graduated in 
1973 with a degree in Financial Management. 
He was employed by the Lexington State 
Bank from 1973–1995 where he was vice-presi-
dent, loan officer, and in human resources. 
He was then President and CEO of the Lex-
ington Chamber of Commerce from 1995–1999 
and later head of public relations for Pond 
Branch Telephone Company (PBT Telecom), 
which later became Comporium, until his re-
tirement in 2015. 
Tommy tirelessly served his family, com-
munity, and church. He has been a member 
of Lexington Baptist Church for 50 years 
where he served terms as a deacon, served on 
the kindergarten and stewardship commit-
tees, was a former church treasurer, former 
children’s Sunday school teacher, and a 
faithful servant in many other ways. 
Tommy was the charter president of the 
Lexington Sertoma Club, where he remained 
a member and leader for 45 continuous years. 
He led many fundraising projects including 
his idea of celebrating ‘‘Big Thursday’’ with 
Carolina and Clemson fans each October. The 
club has been able to provide funding for 
speech and hearing projects and help the 
community of Lexington through this event. 
Tommy headed up the Lexington Commu-
nity Committee ‘‘Power Up Lunch’’ for busi-
nesses from 2003 to 2013. He served several 
terms on the Board of Directors for the 
Batesburg-Leesville and Lexington Cham-
bers of Commerce. He was a former member 
of the Batesburg-Leesville Rotary Club and 
the Gilbert Ruritan Club. He was also a 1997 
Leadership Lexington graduate. 
Because of his community work, Tommy 
received numerous awards. Among these are 
the 2015 State of South Carolina Order of the 
Silver Crescent, the A. L. Harman award by 
the Lexington Chamber of Commerce, and 
the Lexington Sertoma Club Achievement 
Award. 
Tommy loved helping coach his son Ja-
son’s baseball and basketball teams. He 
greatly enjoyed Clemson sporting events 
with family and friends. He loved traveling 
and especially enjoyed planning trips. He 
was proud of the fact that he had visited 54 
National Parks and every state in the United 
States. He loved to take his family and 
friends to show them the beautiful parks and 
God’s handiwork. He truly loved life and he 
loved living it. More than anything else, he 
loved Jesus Christ and wanted everyone to 
know about the power of God’s saving grace. 
Funeral services will be held at 11:00 a.m. 
on Monday, May 2, 2022 at Lexington Baptist 
Church with interment to follow at Lex-
ington Memorial Cemetery. The family will 
receive friends from 4:00–7:00 p.m. on Sunday, 
May 1, at Caughman-Harman Funeral Home, 
Lexington Chapel. 
f 
RECOGNIZING 
MEDGLOBAL’S 
HU-
MANITARIAN 
MISSIONS 
TO 
UKRAINE 
HON. MARIE NEWMAN 
OF ILLINOIS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, May 13, 2022 
Ms. NEWMAN. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the selfless and heroic 
work of the nurses, doctors, and staff of 
MedGlobal, a humanitarian and health non- 
governmental organization based in Chicago 
Ridge, Illinois, on their recent medical mis-
sions to Ukraine. To date, MedGlobal, which is 
headquartered in Illinois’ Third Congressional 
District, has helped train nearly 1,000 Ukrain-
ian doctors in 8 hospitals in Lviv, Ukraine, and 
brought nearly $1 million worth of life saving 
medical supplies generously donated by the 
American people to help Ukrainians in need. 
On March 9, 2022, the MedGlobal team of 
health care providers departed Chicago, Illi-
nois, and arrived in Warsaw, Poland, the fol-
lowing day. The group brought with them des-
perately needed medical supplies and medica-
tions requested by Ukrainian doctors working 
at hospitals in Lviv. The team traveled by bus 
from Warsaw to the Polish-Ukrainian border 
and completed a nearly 45-mile trek through 
Ukraine to reach Lviv. After a successful mis-
sion, the providers made their safe return on 
March 13. 
On April 4, 2022, another MedGlobal team 
deployed from Chicago to Lviv, and over the 
course of their mission provided training to 
Ukrainian doctors in mass casualties, chemical 
weapons, and management of trauma pa-
tients. After another successful mission, the 
team made their safe return on April 10. 
During each trip, Lviv endured multiple 
bombings from Russian long-range missiles, 
causing the MedGlobal teams to seek refuge 
in bomb shelters several times in response to 
sirens. But this did not deter these individuals 
from taking the risk to discharge their humani-
tarian duty and complete their mission. 
Madam Speaker, I wish to thank the fol-
lowing individuals who took part in these ef-
forts and recognize their selfless acts of cour-
age bringing vital access to care to Ukrainians 
caught in the horror of war. The members of 
the March trip include Dr. Hena Ibrahim, 
Azeen Ibrahim, Dr. John Kahler, Dr. Riley 
Jones, Dr. Irina Lelik, Dr. Susan Buratto, and 
Rita Vaitauskaite, RN. The members of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:52 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A13MY8.001
E13MYPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 50-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E498 
May 13, 2022 
April trip include Dr. Judah Slavkovsky, Dr. 
Nahreen Ahmed, Dr. Kathleen Galagher, Dr. 
Christopher Miller, Dr. John Peter McBryde, 
Dr. Tanya Bucierka, Dr. Mila Felder, Ismail 
Ajooka, Lauren Cohen, Tonya Sompalli, Erica 
Havelka, Tim Conley, Scott and Maria Ruden, 
and Jessica Szotak, RN. The teams were led 
by my dear friend, Dr. Mohammed Zaher 
Sahloul, the co-founder and president of 
MedGlobal and a respected leader in Chicago. 
Many of these health care providers also call 
my district home, while others live around the 
Chicago land region or other states. They re-
flect the very best of America, and I could not 
be prouder to represent many of them and 
recognize their service today. 
f 
WOMEN’S REPRODUCTIVE RIGHTS 
SPEECH OF 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, May 12, 2022 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
Congresswoman 
JAYAPAL
and 
Congress-
woman MALONEY, for leading today’s special 
order on the threat to reproductive rights and 
the devastating impact that the loss of our 
rights would have on communities and fami-
lies. 
Reproductive rights have constantly been at 
risk since Roe vs. Wade became the law of 
the land almost 50 years ago. But never have 
they been in jeopardy as much as they are 
today. 
The recent disclosure of the U.S. Supreme 
Court’s draft opinion in the Dobbs case shows 
just how precarious reproductive rights are in 
the United States. 
By imposing their personal views and im-
petuous whim, the five justices who support 
that opinion could eliminate essential rights 
that are Constitutionally protected, relied upon 
by American society, and supported over-
whelmingly by the American people. 
Yet, these five Supreme Court Justices— 
who embody antiquated, regressive views— 
could turn the clock back to days when 
women did not have the right to control their 
bodies or their reproductive health. 
In fact, by basing the draft opinion on a 
strict textualist interpretation of the U.S. Con-
stitution, the five renegades would be issuing 
an opinion that reverses a whole roster of 
Constitutionally protected rights, even beyond 
reversing Roe vs. Wade. 
If the draft opinion is issued, these five ju-
rists would be doing exactly what they testified 
under oath at their confirmation hearings that 
they would not do. It seems clear to me that 
they were not forthcoming—even worse, they 
were not truthful—when they testified to the 
U.S. Senate under penalty of perjury. 
The myopic rationale on which the draft 
opinion is based reveals a lack of fidelity to 
the principle of stare decisis, despite the 
claims to the contrary that each of the five 
made when asked about the Roe case at their 
confirmation hearings. 
Equally tragically, if the draft opinion in the 
Dobbs case becomes law without major 
changes, it will open the floodgates for states 
to curtail women’s reproductive rights in myr-
iad nefarious ways. Many states have already 
enacted laws which severely restrict access to 
abortions and other reproductive rights, and 
many more have accelerated the process to 
follow that path. 
These are tragically just the latest in a long 
history of conservative efforts to marginalize 
women by eliminating our reproductive rights. 
These draconian efforts have an impact that 
disrupts every aspect of women’s lives, ex-
tending to their educational plans, economic 
status, career paths, family choices, and role 
in society. 
Restrictions on reproductive rights have a 
disproportionate effect on low-income individ-
uals and women of color. 
Low-income individuals and people of color 
face a range of worse health outcomes than 
higher income individuals and white people. 
These worse outcomes are the result of 
higher barriers to quality health care, higher 
rates of stress, poorer living and working con-
ditions, and, for people of color, racial discrimi-
nation. 
People of color and low-income individuals, 
experience the highest rates of unintended 
pregnancy, partially because of barriers to ac-
cessing quality family planning services and 
contraception, lack of insurance coverage, 
and, for racial minorities, discrimination in 
health care. 
Because of this, low-income people and 
people of color have higher rates of abortion, 
as abortion rates mirror rates of unintended 
pregnancy. 
According to the Center for Disease Control 
and Prevention (CDC), in 2018 the reported 
legal abortions in Texas broken down by race 
were: 
White: 27 percent 
African American: 27 percent 
Hispanic: 39 percent 
Other: 7 percent 
Because people of color are disproportion-
ately low income, they are also disproportion-
ately impacted by abortion restrictions: policies 
such as early abortion bans, and mandatory 
waiting periods disproportionately hurt people 
of color, who are less likely to be able to miss 
work to travel to far-away clinics. Abortion re-
strictions put the health of people of color at 
risk. 
According to the CDC, Black, American In-
dian, and Alaska Native pregnant people are 
nearly two to three times as likely to die from 
pregnancy-related complications than white 
people. 
A new study by Dr. David Eisenberg, a 
board-certified obstetrician-gynecologist, esti-
mates that Texas SB 8’s new restrictions on 
women’s health could cause increases in ma-
ternal mortality of up to 15 percent overall, 
and up to 33 percent for Black women next 
year. 
Texas Senate Bill 8, or the ‘‘Texas Heart-
beat Act’’ which has recently been passed in 
my home state restricts access to abortion 
and is one of the harshest laws regarding 
abortion access in the Nation. 
According to the Guttmacher Institute, be-
fore the ban, the average woman of child-
bearing age in Texas lived 17 miles from the 
nearest abortion provider, now, the average 
driving distance is 247 miles. 
This ban is a clear violation of the right to 
abortion established by the Supreme Court’s 
landmark 1973 Roe v. Wade decision. 
The Roe Court rooted its decision in the 
right to personal privacy, connecting it to other 
fundamental rights of self-determination such 
as the freedom to marry, the freedom to pro-
create or use contraception, and the right to 
make one’s own decisions about child rearing 
and education. 
The Roe Court also rejected the argument 
that an embryo or fetus constitutes a ‘‘person’’ 
for purposes of the Fourteenth Amendment to 
the Constitution. 
Nearly two decades later, in 1992, the Su-
preme Court reaffirmed the basic right to ter-
minate a pregnancy but weakened Constitu-
tional safeguards surrounding abortion in 
Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsyl-
vania v. Casey. 
However, the Casey Court concluded that 
states could enact certain types of pre-viability 
regulations to protect fetal life, holding that 
abortion, ‘‘the liberty protected by the Due 
Process Clause,’’ is only protected ‘‘where 
state regulation imposes an undue burden on 
a woman’s ability to make this decision.’’ 
In the decades following Casey, many 
states sought to reduce or eliminate abortions: 
Texas, for example, passed a law requiring 
abortion clinics to meet ambulatory surgical 
center standards even though other providers 
of procedures such as colonoscopies and 
liposuction—which have far higher mortality 
rates—were subject to none of the same regu-
lations . 
In 2016, the Supreme Court in Whole Wom-
an’s Health v. Hellerstedt held by a margin of 
5–4 that this Texas law was unconstitutional, 
and also struck down a provision of the same 
law that required physicians performing abor-
tions in Texas to have active admitting privi-
leges at a hospital within 30 miles of their fa-
cilities. 
Today, we see the state of Texas once 
again attempting to curtail women’s constitu-
tional right to terminate pregnancy through SB 
8. 
SB 8 bans abortions at around six weeks 
into the gestation period, when fetal cardiac 
activity can be detected, which falls before 
many people even know that they are preg-
nant. 
The bill doesn’t stop there, as the enforce-
ment of the law by private citizens is 
incentivized. 
This law places a bounty on people seeking 
healthcare—a minimum of $10,000 plus costs 
and attorneys’ fees—to the individual who suc-
cessfully brings a suit under the law’s private 
right of action. 
Not since the Fugitive Slave Act has a law 
been enacted that turns people into bounty 
hunters to hunt people for profit in the pursuit 
of enforcement of an unjust immoral law. 
This empowers any private citizen—includ-
ing but not limited to, antichoice extremists, 
ex-partners, assaulters, and strangers—to sue 
any person or organization that helps some-
one access abortion care after about six 
weeks of pregnancy. 
SB 8 promotes, encourages, and will lead to 
vigilante justice, which many anti-choice orga-
nizations and activists actively try to deny. The 
law, and how it is enforced, is purposefully de-
signed to have a chilling effect on a deeply 
private decision. 
The private right of action also provides a 
tool for harassing abortion providers with cost-
ly lawsuits, discouraging them from providing 
services, and limiting access to reproductive 
healthcare. 
As anti-choice activists continue to face 
questions and criticism, they will continue to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:52 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A13MY8.003
E13MYPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS
---

 -Page 51-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E499 
May 13, 2022 
distort the reality of the law and deflect atten-
tion from its enforcement mechanism. 
However, the effect of the enforcement 
mechanism is already in the making, as anti- 
abortion groups in Texas have already set up 
anonymous tip lines to allow individuals to act 
on their vigilante desires to punish people for 
making a personal decision. 
This is why, in October 2021, I introduced 
H.R. 5710, the ‘‘Preventing Vigilante Stalking 
that Stops Women’s Access to Healthcare and 
Abortion Rights Act of 2021’’; my Senate com-
panion bill S.3057 . 
This bicameral bill will enhance criminal 
penalties under the federal stalking statute if 
the stalking is done with the intent to prevent 
or report on a woman’s health decisions. This 
bill does not include any mandatory mini-
mums. 
The ‘‘Preventing Vigilante Stalking that 
Stops Women’s Access to Healthcare and 
Abortion Rights Act of 2021’’ will save lives— 
not 
only 
for 
women 
seeking 
essential 
healthcare services; it would also stop the 
threats poised by abusive partners who may 
feel emboldened by this heinous Texas law. 
Thus far, SB 8 has accomplished exactly 
what it was meant to: the law’s in terrorem ef-
fect has forced women to flee the state in 
order to obtain a safe and legal abortion. 
For example, at 21 years old, Texas college 
student Madi was a senior in college when 
she discovered that she was pregnant. Madi 
was in a committed relationship and on birth 
control, and did not experience any early preg-
nancy signs until the nine-week mark, which 
she initially chalked up to the typical stress of 
being a senior and starting a new semester. 
Madi immediately began to research nearby 
clinics across state lines, because SB8 pre-
vented her from obtaining an abortion in 
Texas. 
Madi called more than 30 clinics in Lou-
isiana, Alabama, Kansas, Oklahoma, and Ne-
vada—they were all booked for weeks. 
Eventually, Madi was able to obtain an ap-
pointment at Jackson Women’s Health in Mis-
sissippi, more than 400 miles away. 
Another example is Ianthe Davis, who at 
just over six weeks pregnant ended her bar-
tending shift at 4 a.m. one morning in Dallas 
in order to drive three three hours up Inter-
state 35 to Trust Women clinic in Oklahoma 
City. 
She was treated by Dr. Rebecca Taub, an 
obstetrician and gynecologist who travels once 
a month from California to perform abortions 
for women. 
After the procedure, Davis drove home; ac-
cording to Davis on the need for the proce-
dure, ‘‘If I don’t work, I don’t make money.’’ 
A Texas woman, an Oklahoma clinic, a Cali-
fornia doctor: this scene offers a snapshot of 
the landscape under this horrific Texas law 
that bans nearly all abortions after an embry-
onic heartbeat is detected. 
And there is Dr. Alan Braid, who was sued 
in Arkansas and Illinois for carrying out an 
abortion on a woman who was in the early 
stages of her pregnancy but beyond the six- 
week limit set by the law. 
Dr. Braid, who has been practicing medicine 
for nearly 50 years, wrote in a September 18 
opinion column in the Washington post that: ‘‘I 
acted because I had a duty of care to this pa-
tient, as I do for all patients, and because she 
has a fundamental right to receive this care.’’ 
As Dr. Braid demonstrates, this law places 
doctors in the impossible position of either 
obeying an unjust law or upholding their Hip-
pocratic oath. 
In addition to this heinous privatization of 
vigilante bounty hunters, the law has an en-
forcement mechanism that is uniquely crafted 
to be difficult to challenge in court. 
Unlike other laws that restrict abortion ac-
cess, SB 8 does not allow for any state offi-
cials to enforce the statute. 
Rather, the lone enforcement mechanism is 
a private right of action that allows any indi-
vidual who knowingly engages in or intends to 
engage in ‘‘conduct that aids or abets the per-
formance or inducement of an abortion’’ in vio-
lation of the six-week ban. 
SB 8’s enforcement structure represents a 
deliberate and disturbing effort by the State of 
Texas to evade judicial scrutiny long enough 
for a clearly unconstitutional law to take effect. 
Through this enforcement mechanism, a deep-
ly troubling precedent is set. 
This precedent could be followed by other 
states aiming to undermine the constitutional 
right to abortion, but for any state efforts to 
undermine any other of our rights protected by 
the constitution. 
If this enforcement mechanism found in SB 
8 is to stay, the similar measures can be uti-
lized by any state in order to slowly chip away 
at constitutional rights. 
This bill also willfully ignores the fact that 
many women will not know they are pregnant 
at the six-week mark, and this will dispropor-
tionately effect women who are struggling to 
make ends meet, and women of color. 
Even if a woman did know that she was 
pregnant within the narrow six-week period al-
lowed by SB 8, it is not always possible for 
someone to get an abortion as soon as they 
have made that decision. 
Many things can stand in their way, from not 
being able to afford it, travel distance to a clin-
ic, not being able to get off work, or barriers 
put in place by politicians, such as bans on 
abortion coverage; or they may get new infor-
mation about their health or their pregnancy. 
Ensuring that everyone can get reproductive 
health care, including abortion is part of ad-
dressing racial and economic injustice. 
Our Nation is amid a racial reckoning and 
transformation and we must unite against rac-
ism and discrimination and this will always in-
clude ending policies that deny people equi-
table access to healthcare, including abortion. 
Forcing someone to continue a pregnancy 
against their will is simply a violation of their 
rights and their basic humanity. 
The deeply private decision-making process 
of accessing abortion care is essential to 
women’s bodily autonomy, and SB 8 greatly 
infringes on that of the people in my home 
state. 
One of the most important and consequen-
tial decisions we as people ever make is 
whether we become parents, and these re-
strictions were designed to control, dehuman-
ize, and criminalize women and their doctors. 
We need to ensure that all people have ac-
cess to the reproductive health care that they 
need, including access to abortion. 
Once someone has decided to seek abor-
tion care, I want them to be able to have ac-
cess to safe and affordable medical care. I 
want them to be supported, not restricted by 
laws that dictate their decision or place unnec-
essary barriers on the process. 
The decision to have an abortion should 
happen between those seeking abortions, and 
their doctors—there is no place for the Gov-
ernor of Texas, the Texas Legislation, or any 
other individual to control this private decision. 
The Texan government needs to trust peo-
ple to make decisions for their own lives, their 
own bodies, and their own futures, and I trust 
Texans to always do what is right for them-
selves and those they love. 
Those seeking abortion should not be pun-
ished or shamed for having an abortion but 
supported and treated with compassion. 
SB 8 and other laws like it are the antithesis 
to what this country is supposed to be about, 
which is having the freedom to make your own 
life. 
I have heard some say that this bill is pop-
ular in Texas, and that is not the case. 
A poll done by NPR found that a clear ma-
jority of Americans, specifically 59 percent of 
Republicans, 61 of Democrats and 53 percent 
of independents, oppose a ban on abortions at 
the 6–8 week mark. 
Furthermore, the poll found that 74 percent 
of those polled opposed legal action by private 
citizens—which broken down was 57 percent 
of Republicans, 90 percent of Democrats, and 
74 percent of Independents. 
To say this legislation is popular or is at the 
wishes of the constituents is a lie. 
It’s egregious to be focused on outlawing 
something that most Americans believe should 
be a personal decision, as a pandemic rav-
ages our communities and basic health care 
needs go unmet. 
f 
RECOGNIZING 
THE 
CENTENNIAL 
ANNIVERSARY OF F.O. BARDEN 
AND SON, INC. 
HON. JACK BERGMAN 
OF MICHIGAN 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, May 13, 2022 
Mr. BERGMAN. Madam Speaker, it is my 
honor to recognize the 100th Anniversary of 
F.O. Barden and Son, Inc. of Boyne City, 
Michigan. Through its century of service and 
steadfast devotion to their community, F.O. 
Barden and Son, Inc. has become a local 
landmark and an indispensable part of Michi-
gan’s First District. 
Frank Orin Barden was born on a farm in 
Nunica, Michigan, on February 3, 1876. Frank 
cultivated a passion for hard work from his up-
bringing on the family farm, leading him to 
start working at a young age with local lumber 
camps on Lake Michigan. For his education, 
he attended Davenport Institute in Grand Rap-
ids to receive business training and began 
working in the lumber industry in several posi-
tions—eventually becoming manager in dif-
ferent mills across the state. After working for 
several Michigan companies, such as the 
Michigan Trust Company, the Boyne City Rail-
road, and Boyne Lumber, Frank created F.O. 
Barden & Sons Lumber Company in 1922 in 
Boyne City, MI, with his son Russel, and then 
later his son Al. 
F.O. Barden and Son, Inc. continues to 
serve communities across Northern Michigan 
and remains headquartered in Boyne City. 
This centennial milestone denotes the years of 
service that the Barden family has dedicated 
to the economic wellbeing of the area and the 
lives of countless residents. Today, F.O. 
Barden and Son, Inc. is still owned and oper-
ated by the family, and Frank Orin Barden’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:52 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A13MY8.004
E13MYPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS
---

 -Page 52-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E500 
May 13, 2022 
son, Paul, serves as President of the com-
pany. 
Madam Speaker, it’s my honor to recognize 
F.O. Barden and Son, Inc. for a century of 
success and service to Northern Michigan. 
Michiganders can take great pride in knowing 
the First District is home to such dedicated 
citizens. On behalf of my constituents, I wish 
them all the best in their future endeavors. 
f 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO THE 
HONORABLE NORMAN Y. MINETA 
SPEECH OF 
HON. ZOE LOFGREN 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Wednesday, May 11, 2022 
Ms. LOFGREN. Madam Speaker, I rise to 
recognize our former colleague and my friend 
Norman Mineta—an amazing man who broke 
ground in so many ways and was thoroughly 
committed to public service. 
Norm’s commitment was strong despite the 
injustices he and his family suffered. During 
World War II, they were sent from our shared 
hometown of San Jose to an internment camp 
in Wyoming. The imprisonment of Norm and 
his family was a terrible wrong, but it never 
interfered with Norm’s love of the United 
States. He just kept going. Kept striving to 
make our country better. To make it more in-
clusive. 
I knew Norm since the 1970s. When Norm 
was elected to the House of Representatives, 
I worked with his office when I was a staffer 
for 
my 
predecessor, 
Congressman 
Don 
Edwards. 
I always found Norm to be tenacious—fo-
cused on getting things done. And he did ac-
complish quite a lot. He authored the Civil Lib-
erties Act of 1988, which officially apologized 
for the internment of Japanese-Americans dur-
ing World War II. That meant so much to so 
many people. Another law authored by Norm 
was ISTEA, which set up many of the trans-
portation corridors we use today. 
Norm and I only overlapped as Members of 
Congress in 1995, but throughout the years, 
I’ve looked up to his spirit of bipartisanship. 
Norm, well-known as a transportation leader 
and Chair of the Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture Committee, often said, ‘‘bridges and tun-
nels are not Democratic or Republican.’’ And 
his ability to work across the aisle was useful 
when he served as a Cabinet Member for 
Presidents of both parties: Commerce Sec-
retary in President Bill Clinton’s Administra-
tion—and Transportation Secretary for George 
W. Bush. 
One thing I always found fascinating about 
Norm was that he never forgot anyone’s 
name. He could meet someone once . . . and 
then, 10 years later walk up and know exactly 
who that person was and when they first met. 
Not many of us in this Chamber would be able 
to do that, I presume. 
And not many of us could say we achieved 
so many ‘‘firsts.’’ Norm went from becoming 
the first non-white Member of the San Jose 
City Council to the first Asian American serv-
ing in two Presidential Cabinets. While, the 
whole time, he served as an all-American rep-
resentative for his constituents. 
Norm Mineta made a huge impact on our 
San Jose community, and he changed our 
country for the better. He will be missed. 
HONORING 25 YEARS OF THE 
LORING JOB CORPS CENTER 
HON. JARED F. GOLDEN 
OF MAINE 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, May 13, 2022 
Mr. GOLDEN. Madam Speaker, I wish to 
congratulate the Loring Job Corps Center in 
Northern Maine on 25 years of dedicated sup-
port for young Mainers. Our nation’s Job 
Corps programs are vital for preparing the 
next generation for employment and furthering 
their education. It is an honor to support their 
mission to better the lives of Mainers and their 
community through technical and academic 
training. Since its first class of students in 
1997, the Loring Job Corps Center has be-
come a bridge to assist over 12,000 young 
adults earn their high school diplomas, build 
careers, and obtain employment. None of this 
would be possible without a team of com-
mitted staff, many of whom have been at the 
Loring Job Corps Center for more than two 
decades. It is with great pride and apprecia-
tion that I congratulate the Loring Job Corps 
Center on 25 years of success, and I look for-
ward to what the next 25 years brings to this 
important institution. 
f 
RECOGNIZING IGA NEPHROPATHY 
DAY 
HON. TED LIEU 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, May 13, 2022 
Mr. LIEU. Madam Speaker, I rise to recog-
nize May 14th as IgA Nephropathy Awareness 
Day. IgA Nephropathy (IgAN) is a rare auto-
immune disease that causes a person’s im-
mune system to attack the kidneys. Fewer 
than 200,000 people are diagnosed with this 
incurable condition per year in the United 
States, yet it is one of the most common dis-
eases affecting the kidneys other than those 
caused by high blood pressure or diabetes. 
IgA Nephropathy is a condition in which an 
abnormal 
build-up 
of 
a 
protein 
called 
immunoglobulin A (IgA) causes the immune 
system to attack the kidneys, often leading to 
kidney damage and failure. The cause of ab-
normal IgA build-up in patients with this condi-
tion is unclear, though it is likely due in part 
to genetic factors. While IgA Nephropathy im-
pacts women and men of every ethnicity, it is 
most prevalent in those from Asian back-
grounds. In fact, kidney failure among Asian 
Americans is 5 times more likely to be the re-
sult of IgA Nephropathy than among Cauca-
sians, and 15 times more likely compared to 
African Americans. 
Although IgA Nephropathy can develop at 
any age, the National Organization for Rare 
Disorders (NORD) notes that it most often af-
fects younger Americans, usually appearing 
between the teen years and the late 30s. Fur-
thermore, according to the IgAN Foundation, 
as many as half of those affected by IgAN will 
develop end-stage kidney disease and eventu-
ally require dialysis or a kidney transplant. 
As is often the case with rare diseases, the 
diagnostic journey to IgA Nephropathy tends 
to be long. There are usually little or no imme-
diate signs and symptoms. The disease 
causes inflammation that can trigger complica-
tions, including high blood pressure and 
chronic kidney disease. In fact, many patients 
are not diagnosed until they show some of 
these complications and blood or protein in 
the urine. 
IgA Nephropathy was first identified in 1968, 
and it is viewed as a condition without a cure. 
While some patients have been able to delay 
kidney decline and failure through lifestyle 
changes, supplements, and medication, many 
others have seen no effective treatments 
whatsoever. 
We believe this is about to change. The 
FDA approved the first-ever medication for IgA 
Nephropathy in late 2021. Another drug is cur-
rently under FDA review with more therapies 
in phase 2 and 3 trials. Additionally, a growing 
number of clinical trials are underway. 
These advancements in IgA Nephropathy 
treatment provide hope for so many patients 
struggling with this chronic disease. It’s impor-
tant we help raise awareness of this condition 
to counter the fear and uncertainty that can 
come with an IgA Nephropathy diagnosis. 
More needs to be done to develop the means 
for patients to manage their conditions and 
live normal lives even while dealing with this 
cruel disease. 
I also want to salute by name the IgA 
Nephropathy Foundation. On May 14, 2004, 
Bonnie Schneider and her husband estab-
lished the IgA Nephropathy Foundation from 
their home. Eddie, their 13-year-old son, had 
been recently diagnosed with the condition, 
and they saw firsthand the unmet need for an-
swers, resources, and a supportive community 
for individuals with IgAN and their families. 
In addition, I am proud to say that Califor-
nia’s 33rd Congressional District is fully en-
gaged in this effort, as IgA Nephropathy Foun-
dation Board Secretary Mary Schneider is 
from Venice in my district. 
So on May 14th, the 18th anniversary of its 
founding, the IgA Nephropathy Foundation 
and the entire IgAN community and partners 
will come together to raise awareness about 
this disease, while celebrating the strength of 
those warriors who battle it every day. Their 
hope is that this important day will drive peo-
ple to check their risk and recognize symp-
toms, improve awareness among primary care 
physicians, build a stronger network of support 
for patients, and encourage further research to 
find effective therapies and, one day, a cure. 
Madam Speaker, I want to thank the IgA 
Nephropathy Foundation for creating this im-
portant day of awareness. I am proud to stand 
with the brave Americans and their families 
who must battle this disease and who con-
tinue in their efforts to educate the public on 
IgA Nephropathy. On May 14th, we honor 
them and all their efforts as we recognize IgA 
Nephropathy Awareness Day. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 100TH ANNIVER-
SARY 
OF 
JEFFERSON 
UNION 
HIGH SCHOOL DISTRICT 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, May 13, 2022 
Ms. SPEIER. Madam Speaker, I rise to rec-
ognize the Jefferson Union High School Dis-
trict upon the occasion of its 100th anniver-
sary. At inception, the district had one school, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:52 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00004
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A13MY8.005
E13MYPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 53-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E501 
May 13, 2022 
Jefferson High, which also recently celebrated 
its 100th anniversary. Today, the district en-
compasses five schools across two cities serv-
ing over 4,000 students. The district also of-
fers an adult school program. 
For the first thirty-six years, the district was 
composed of Jefferson High School but in 
1958 Westmoor High opened in Daly City. As 
the City of Pacifica grew, Terra Nova opened 
its doors in 1961, followed the next year by 
Oceana. Serramonte opened in 1970 in Daly 
City and then closed in 1981, although many 
classes for the adult school continue at the 
site as do district administrative functions. 
Thornton High School, also in Daly City, 
opened in 1975. 
There were schools serving students before 
the district existed. San Francisco provided 
the main high schools, but in 1922 local lead-
ers realized that a nearer site was needed. 
The school district officially commenced op-
erations on June 2, 1922, and the first mem-
bers of the school board were Matthew Grady, 
chairperson, Stella Jensen, clerk, Florence 
Stockton, Adolph Gehrenger, and Roderick 
McDonald. Mr. Neill O. Best was the head of 
the school and he had three colleagues, Gilda 
Belloni, Gladys Lukes, and Barto Molineaux. 
Over fifty students were in the entering class 
of the district’s first school, and they had their 
choice of multiple subjects including mathe-
matics, science, athletics/PE, Spanish, dra-
matics, commercial arithmetic, typing, book-
keeping, spelling, penmanship, civics, free 
hand drawing, music and vocational guidance. 
Today’s district offers classes spanning the 
range of traditional high school subjects such 
as English, math, science and social science, 
but also includes advanced placement instruc-
tion for those who want to earn college cred-
its. Oceana offers a food and nutrition elective. 
Jefferson’s website points students in the di-
rection of the Skyline Promise Program, a 
pathway to free community college. At Terra 
Nova, students may take ceramics while at 
Westmoor ceramics and drawing are avail-
able. Bands, sports and other offerings keep 
students throughout the district engaged. The 
adult school offers classes in work training 
and technology, English, high school diploma 
and GED preparation, citizenship test prepara-
tion, and art. 
Most importantly, the Jefferson Union High 
School District is dedicated to serving the indi-
vidual needs of each student. A robust voca-
tional support system exists and of course col-
lege preparation is available to all. The cost of 
living in our community is high, and rents force 
many parents to struggle. The district offers 
students additional services to assist with 
household stresses. 
On the same day as the celebration of the 
district’s 100th anniversary, the district will 
also cut the ribbon on a 122-unit apartment 
project that will offer employees rent at well 
below market rates. This should help to sta-
bilize 
the 
district’s 
employee 
base 
and 
strengthen education over the years. A similar 
strategy was enacted by the local community 
college district and has been decisive in re-
ducing turnover. Taxpayers in the high school 
district voted to support bonds to provide fund-
ing for this outstanding project. It was a very 
wise choice. It will ease the financial pressure 
on teachers and employees and will allow 
them to live in the community in which they 
teach. It’s not quite a return to the 1960’s 
when housing was far less expensive and 
much more plentiful, but this apartment devel-
opment is an example of public resources— 
scarce public land—put to significant and ben-
eficial use for decades to come. Its success in 
this and other endeavors is due to its superb 
leadership. The Board of Trustees includes 
Ms. Rosie Tejada, President, Mr. Andrew Lie, 
Vice President, Ms. Kalimah Salahuddin, 
Clerk, Mr. Nick Occhipinti and Ms. Carla Ng- 
Garrett. 
In closing, let me note that Jefferson Union 
High School District achieves the goals of Hor-
ace Mann and other early advocates for free, 
universal, public education. The district pre-
pares young people for their lives as citizens 
in a democracy, and it equips them with skills 
to enter the modem economy. Whether in the 
trades or college, in our region or abroad, 
whether in service to the public or to the pri-
vate sector, the graduates of Jefferson Union 
High School District have a golden opportunity 
to understand their current place in the world 
and to create their own path for a great future. 
On behalf of the community, I wish to extend 
my sincere congratulations to the Jefferson 
Union High School District. They are 100 
years young, and ready to meet all chal-
lenges. 
f 
RECOGNIZING SENIOR PASTOR 
THOMAS ZOBRIST 
HON. DARIN LaHOOD 
OF ILLINOIS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, May 13, 2022 
Mr. LAHOOD. Madam Speaker, I would like 
to recognize Reverend Thomas (Tom) Zobrist, 
Senior Pastor of Liberty Bible Church in Eure-
ka, IL, for being conferred an Honorary Doc-
torate Degree from Calvary University. 
Prior to his service as senior pastor, Tom 
served in the U.S. Air Force for six years as 
a B–52 crew chief. After returning home from 
his time in the military, Tom graduated from 
Cavalry Bible College with a Pastoral Degree. 
Tom was later called as pastor of the Liberty 
Bible Church. As Senior Pastor of Liberty 
Bible Church for the past 34 years, Tom has 
faithfully been a shepherd for the congregation 
of Liberty Bible Church. 
Tom’s commitment to the Eureka commu-
nity and central Illinois is unquestionable. Over 
the years, Tom has held influential roles with 
the Board for the Brazil Gospel Fellowship 
Mission, Calvary University Board of Trustees, 
and IFCA Board of Directors. He has selflessly 
dedicated his time as senior pastor to improv-
ing the lives of his congregation and strength-
ening his community. The religious values in-
stilled through Tom’s teachings will continue to 
strengthen our community for years to come. 
Our community has been fortunate to ben-
efit from the service and leadership of Tom 
Zobrist. I extend my sincere congratulations to 
Tom on being conferred an Honorary Doc-
torate Degree from Calvary University. I wish 
him much success as he continues to lead a 
life of service to the Eureka community and 
central Illinois. 
HONORING THE INVESTITURE OF 
THE 
HONORABLE 
JUDGE 
YVONNA C. ABRAHAM 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, May 13, 2022 
Mrs. DINGELL. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Yvonna C. Abraham of 
Dearborn Heights, Michigan, on the occasion 
of her investiture as a judge of the Wayne 
County Third Circuit Court. Appointed by Gov-
ernor Gretchen Whitmer on July 1, 2021, 
Judge Abraham is the first Palestinian Amer-
ican judge in the state of Michigan. Her signifi-
cant contributions to our community are wor-
thy of commendation. 
Judge Abraham is a graduate of the Univer-
sity of Michigan—Dearborn and earned her 
law degree from the University of Detroit 
Mercy. Prior to her appointment to the circuit 
court, Judge Abraham served as magistrate 
and director of probation for the 20th District 
Court in Dearborn Heights. She also taught 
courses in Business Law at Lawrence Techno-
logical University in Southfield. As a judge 
serving in the Family Division, she handles 
cases involving domestic relations; including 
divorce, child custody, and personal protection 
matters. 
Paving the way for future legal profes-
sionals, Judge Abraham is the first Palestinian 
American judge in the state of Michigan. 
Known for her integrity and fairness in difficult 
matters, Judge Abraham continues to serve 
her neighbors inside and outside of the court-
room. A mentor to aspiring law students, she 
serves on the court’s Diversity, Equity, and In-
clusion committee. She is also a member of 
the State Bar Judicial Ethics Committee and 
was President of the Michigan Association of 
District Court Magistrates. At home she is a 
member of the Wayne Mental Health Advisory 
Board, the Women Lawyer Association of 
Michigan, and the Arab American Women’s 
Business Council Board. Judge Abraham re-
sides in Dearborn Heights with her husband 
Marwan and daughter Lena. 
Madam Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join 
me in honoring Judge Yvonna C. Abraham on 
the occasion of her investiture as a judge of 
the Wayne County Third Circuit Court. This is 
a historic day and a culmination of Judge 
Abraham’s lifetime of hard work and dedica-
tion to our community. We wish her the best 
as she takes on this new role. 
f 
HONORING BAILEY FORD ON THE 
GRAND OPENING OF THEIR NEW 
DEALERSHIP IN PLATTSBURGH 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, May 13, 2022 
Ms. STEFANIK. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate Andrew Bailey on the 
grand opening of Bailey Ford’s new state-of- 
the-art facility in Plattsburgh, New York. The 
Bailey family has been proudly serving the 
Plattsburgh community in the auto industry for 
four generations, and I look forward to their 
continued success in the North Country. 
The Bailey name has an extensive history in 
the North Country auto industry. In 1942, Al-
bert Bailey, Sr., great-grandfather of current 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:52 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00005
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A13MY8.009
E13MYPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 54-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E502 
May 13, 2022 
company President Andrew Bailey, opened his 
first dealership in Dannemora. After the suc-
cess of his first dealership, Albert Sr. opened 
a Ford dealership in the 1960’s with his son, 
Lloyd. 
In the eighty years since Albert Sr. opened 
the first dealership, Bailey Ford has become a 
staple in the North Country. In 2019, they ac-
quired an 8,000-square-foot facility in Platts-
burgh. Bailey Ford quickly outgrew this loca-
tion as sales skyrocketed by over 90%, de-
spite challenges posed by the pandemic. In 
2021, the Baileys were ready to expand, and 
they began construction on a brand-new 
40,0000 square-foot dealership across town. 
The new dealership is five times the size of 
their current location, which will allow them to 
expand their inventory and service capacity. 
They will also bring new jobs to the Platts-
burgh community, as they are expected to 
double their staff once the project is complete. 
The Bailey family has continued to be com-
mitted to the development and success of the 
North Country community for over eighty 
years. We look forward to the opening of their 
new dealership on May 14, 2022. On behalf of 
New York’s 21st District, I would like to thank 
and congratulate Andrew Bailey and the entire 
team on this incredible achievement and wish 
them the best of luck. 
f 
HONORING THE CHARITABLE 
WORK OF WILLIAM LORENZ, JR. 
HON. CHRIS JACOBS 
OF NEW YORK 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, May 13, 2022 
Mr. JACOBS of New York. Madam Speaker, 
I rise today in recognition of Mr. William 
Lorenz, Jr.’s devotion to our Western New 
York communities. 
Mr. Lorenz was born and raised in Buffalo, 
New York and has lived there his entire life. 
After 
high 
school, 
Mr. 
Lorenz 
attended 
Canisius College and graduated with a degree 
in political science and a classics minor. Mr. 
Lorenz was also member of the Phi Alpha 
Delta Law Fraternity at Canisius College, and 
after completing his undergraduate studies, 
Mr. Lorenz attended the University at Buffalo 
School of Law, where he graduated with an in-
tellectual property concentration. Since grad-
uating from law school, Mr. Lorenz has 
worked in the legal field, currently serving as 
a Senior Associate for the Mura Law Group. 
Mr. Lorenz has been volunteering in our 
Western New York communities for several 
years. He has raised thousands of dollars for 
various charities including the Mental Health 
Association of Erie County, Compeer of Great-
er Buffalo, Mercy Flight, Inc., and Hearts for 
the Homeless. Mr. Lorenz has also donated 
his time and expertise as a litigator by teach-
ing and coaching the Canisius College Mock 
Trial Team. 
In 2020, during the height of the COVID–19 
pandemic, Mr. Lorenz volunteered at social 
distancing parades for children with special 
needs, collected donations at food and blood 
drives, and delivered groceries to those un-
able to get groceries for themselves. 
While 
selflessly 
volunteering 
at 
these 
events, Mr. Lorenz found that there was a 
food shortage emergency in Western New 
York. After this realization, he partnered with 
FeedMore WNY to organize the first-ever 
Superhero Food Drive and he is now recog-
nized as ‘‘Buffalo’s Best Batman.’’ Through 
Mr. Lorenz’s efforts, the Superhero Food Drive 
collected over 1,300 pounds of non-perishable 
donations in a single day. These donations 
were critical to helping those in need within 
our Western New York communities. 
I thank Mr. Lorenz for his commitment to 
community service and his dedication to our 
Western New York communities, and I believe 
that Mr. Lorenz exemplifies what it means to 
be a Western New Yorker. 
Madam Speaker, please join me in thanking 
Mr. Lorenz for service to our communities and 
in honoring the positive impact he has made 
and continues to have on New York’s 27th 
Congressional District. 
f 
HONORING 
RALENE 
BERGQUIST 
FOR HER TEN YEARS OF SERV-
ICE 
TO 
THE 
HOUSE 
OF 
REP-
RESENTATIVES 
HON. RON ESTES 
OF KANSAS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, May 13, 2022 
Mr. ESTES. Madam Speaker, I rise on be-
half of the people of the 4th District of Kansas 
to pay tribute to Ralene Bergquist as she re-
tires after ten years of service to our congres-
sional district. 
Ralene Bergquist has faithfully served the 
people of Kansas’ Fourth Congressional Dis-
trict for ten years. She began her career as a 
U.S. House of Representatives district staffer 
during the tenure of my predecessor, former 
Kansas’ Congressman Mike Pompeo. When 
Congressman Pompeo accepted the call to 
become Director of the Central Intelligence 
Agency, Ralene was instrumental in facilitating 
the smooth and successful transition when I 
first took office. 
Ralene joined my district office shortly after 
my special election. Despite all the changes 
that come with a change in a district’s Member 
of Congress, Ralene remained as the familiar, 
constant voice and compassionate listener for 
the constituents of the Fourth District of Kan-
sas. She has served as the friendly face in the 
lobby and office manager of our district office 
for five years, following her five years of serv-
ice with former Rep. Pompeo. 
Ralene’s dedication and work has been very 
much appreciated and a great service to two 
members of Congress as well as the constitu-
ents of Kansas’ Fourth Congressional District. 
I speak for myself and the entire D.C. and dis-
trict staff when I say we will miss Ralene after 
she retires from congressional service. 
We are excited to see what the future holds 
for Ralene and wish her many blessings as 
she enjoys more time with her husband, Kan-
sas State Representative Emil Bergquist, their 
children, and their grandchildren. 
I congratulate Ralene on a wonderful career 
and say thank you from a grateful district. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE IMMI-
GRANTS’ ASSISTANCE CENTER 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, May 13, 2022 
Mr. KEATING. Madam Speaker, I rise today 
in recognition of the 50th anniversary of the 
Immigrants’ Assistance Center of New Bed-
ford, Massachusetts. 
Founded in 1971 by members of the New 
Bedford Portuguese community, the Immi-
grants’ Assistance Center has served as an 
invaluable resource to the Southcoast of Mas-
sachusetts for over 50 years. Working with 
12,000 immigrants and non-English speakers 
a year, the Immigrants’ Assistance Center pro-
vides case management and legal assistance 
all throughout the immigration process and 
road to citizenship. The multilingual staff offers 
language and literacy classes and works tire-
lessly to ensure work force readiness by as-
sisting members of the immigrant community 
obtain employment to become financially self- 
sufficient. 
With its dedicated staff advising clients on 
the steps necessary to access essential re-
sources—such as food, clothing, shelter, and 
healthcare—the Immigrants’ Assistance Cen-
ter is the organization that many look to for 
guidance when first coming to the U.S. This 
incredible organization assists members of the 
community in a variety of circumstances and 
across all ages. From their at-risk youth pro-
gram to their elder services program, which 
provides healthcare coordination assistance as 
well as a weekly Health, Wellness, and Social 
program, it is clear why the Immigrants’ As-
sistance Center has grown to become a pillar 
of the Greater New Bedford area. 
Madam Speaker, I am proud to honor the 
50th anniversary of the Immigrants’ Assistance 
Center for their dedication to bettering their 
community. I ask that my colleagues join me 
in thanking them for their service and wishing 
them all the best in the years to come. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:52 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00006
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A13MY8.012
E13MYPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 55-
D519 
Friday, May 13, 2022 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate was not in session and stands ad-
journed until 3 p.m., on Monday, May 16, 2022. 
Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 14 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 7762–7775; and 4 resolutions, H.Res. 
1114–1117 were introduced.                       Pages H4970–71 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H4971–72 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
H.R. 6873, to amend the Homeland Security Act 
of 2002 to establish the Office for Bombing Preven-
tion to address terrorist explosive threats, and for 
other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 
117–322); 
H.R. 6868, to amend the Homeland Security Act 
of 2002 to provide for financial assistance to fund 
certain cybersecurity and infrastructure security edu-
cation and training programs and initiatives, and for 
other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 
117–323); and 
H.R. 6824, to authorize the Cybersecurity and In-
frastructure Security Agency of the Department of 
Homeland Security to hold an annual cybersecurity 
competition relating to offensive and defensive cy-
bersecurity disciplines, and for other purposes, with 
an amendment (H. Rept. 117–324).               Page H4970 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein she 
appointed Representative Underwood to act as 
Speaker pro tempore for today.                           Page H4923 
Community Services Block Grant Modernization 
Act of 2022: The House passed H.R. 5129, to 
amend the Community Services Block Grant Act to 
reauthorize and modernize the Act, by a yea-and-nay 
vote of 246 yeas to 169 nays, Roll No. 182. 
                                                                                    Pages H4925–56 
Rejected the Walberg motion to recommit the 
bill to the Committee on Education and Labor by a 
yea-and-nay vote of 201 yeas to 216 nays, Roll No. 
181.                                                                           Pages H4954–55 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules 
Committee Print 117–42, modified by the amend-
ment printed in part E of H. Rept. 117–320, shall 
be considered as adopted, in lieu of the amendment 
in the nature of a substitute recommended by the 
Committee on Education and Labor now printed in 
the bill.                                                                   Pages H4925–32 
Agreed to: 
Bonamici amendment en bloc No. 1 consisting of 
the following amendments printed in part F of H. 
Rept. 117–320: Escobar (No. 1) that broadens the 
resources directed to the elimination of poverty to 
promote partnerships that include entities or organi-
zations that support innovative community-based ap-
proaches and research-driven responses to poverty; 
Adams (No. 2) that inserts language clarifying that 
institutions of higher education, including Histori-
cally Black Colleges and Universities, Tribal colleges 
and universities, and minority-serving institutions, 
can be considered as partners for Community Service 
Block Grant projects; Hayes (No. 6) that requires 
States to provide a warning notice to communities 
about potential scammers or fraudulent activity re-
lated to the programs administered, such as a notice 
on their website; Horsford (No. 7) that revises the 
section relating to training and technical assistance 
provided by Department of Health and Human Serv-
ices to eligible entities clarifying that place based 
poverty reduction strategies include addressing 
health inequities; Houlahan (No. 8) that revises the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:59 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D13MY2.REC
D13MYPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 56-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
D520 
May 13, 2022 
Eligibility Uses of Funds to specifically include be-
havioral health needs; Jackson Lee (No. 9) that re-
quires the Comptroller General to conduct a study 
to identify the uses, programs, and activities carried 
out with such funds that had the greatest impact, ef-
fectiveness, and results in achieving the purposes for 
which such funds were provided; and to identify best 
practices of States in implementing State plans and 
providing assistance to community action agencies to 
carry out activities, so that such practices can be 
used as models for States to follow to carry out this 
subtitle in the future; Moore (No. 11) that author-
izes states to provide technical assistance to eligible 
entities on meeting the nutrition needs of the fami-
lies and individuals they serve; Payne (No. 12) that 
ensures repairs to homes for health and safety, en-
ergy, and water purposes are permissible uses of 
funding; Payne (No. 13) that clarifies that CSBG 
funds may be used by eligible state and local sub-
grantees on emergency materials or other assistance 
due to a national or public health emergency; 
Pressley (No. 14) that revises the eligible uses of 
funds to include partnerships that promote healthy 
communities through preventing and mitigating 
trauma; Tlaib (No. 15) that requires a state plan to 
describe how the state and eligible entities will co-
ordinate other programs related to critical household 
needs which includes reducing the burden of energy 
and water utility costs; Torres (NY) (No. 16) that 
revises the reporting requirements of the Community 
Action Innovation Program to include an analysis of 
best practices shown to be effective at reducing pov-
erty; and Wild (No. 17) that requires each eligible 
entity to publicly post on its website its strategic 
plan, community needs assessment, and community 
action plan (by a yea-and-nay vote of 219 yeas to 
201 nays, Roll No. 178); and 
                                                                Pages H4943–49, H4951–52 
Gottheimer amendment (No. 4 printed in part F 
of H. Rept. 117–320) that adds support for veterans, 
particularly homeless veterans, to the list of permis-
sible purposes for which States may use remaining 
Community Services Block Grant Program funds (by 
a yea-and-nay vote of 418 yeas with none voting 
‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 180).                  Pages H4950–51, H4953–54 
Rejected: 
Bonamici amendment en bloc No. 2 consisting of 
the following amendments printed in part F of H. 
Rept. 117–320: Good (VA) (No. 3) that sought to 
prohibit CSBG funds from being used to reimburse 
health care services; Grothman (No. 5) that sought 
to reinstate the current law eligibility and strike the 
200 percent federal poverty line increase from the 
bill; and McClain (No.10) that sought to add a 
funding prohibition on any voter registration activity 
and prohibit using grant funds for lobbying (by a 
yea-and-nay vote of 198 yeas to 219 nays, Roll No. 
179).                                                      Pages H4948–50, H4952–53 
H. Res. 1097, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 903), (H.R. 2499), (H.R. 5129), 
and (H.R. 7691) was agreed to Tuesday, May 10th. 
Communication from the Sergeant at Arms: The 
House received a communication from William J. 
Walker, Sergeant at Arms. Pursuant to section 3(s) 
of House Resolution 8, following consultation with 
the Office of Attending Physician, Mr. Walker noti-
fied the House that the public health emergency due 
to the novel coronavirus SARS–CoV–2 remains in ef-
fect.                                                                                   Page H4960 
Announcement by the Chair: The Chair an-
nounced the extension, pursuant to section 3 of 
House Resolution 8, and effective May 15, 2022, of 
the covered period designated on January 4, 2021. 
                                                                                    Pages H4960–61 
Commission on International Religious Free-
dom—Reappointment: The Chair announced the 
Speaker’s reappointment of the following individual 
on the part of the House to the Commission on 
International Religious Freedom for a term effective 
May 14, 2022, and ending May 14, 2024: Mr. Nury 
Turkel of Alexandria, VA; Mr. Frank R. Wolf of Vi-
enna, VA, to succeed Ms. Anurima Bhargava of Chi-
cago, Illinois; and Dr. David G. Curry of Corona Del 
Mar, California, to succeed Dr. James W. Carr of 
Searcy, Arkansas.                                                        Page H4961 
Commission on the Strategic Posture of the 
United States—Appointment: Read a letter from 
Representative McCarthy, Minority Leader, in which 
he appointed the following member to the Commis-
sion on the Strategic Posture of the United States: 
Mr. Matthew Kroenig of McLean, Virginia. 
                                                                                            Page H4961 
Advisory Committee on the Records of Con-
gress—Appointment: Read a letter from Rep-
resentative McCarthy, Minority Leader, in which he 
reappointed the following member to the Advisory 
Committee on the Records of Congress: Mr. Gunter 
Waibel of Oakland, California.                           Page H4961 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Five yea-and-nay votes de-
veloped during the proceedings of today and appear 
on 
pages 
H4952, 
H4952–53, 
H4953–54, 
H4954–55, and H4955–56. 
Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-
journed at 2:47 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:59 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D13MY2.REC
D13MYPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 57-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
D521 
May 13, 2022 
Committee Meetings 
APPROPRIATIONS—U.S. AIR FORCE; U.S. 
SPACE FORCE 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Defense 
held a budget hearing on the U.S. Air Force and the 
U.S. Space Force. Testimony was heard from Frank 
Kendall, Secretary of the Air Force; General Charles 
Q. Brown Jr., Chief of Staff of the Air Force; and 
General John W. Raymond, Chief of Space Oper-
ations, U.S. Space Force. 
FISCAL YEAR 2023 MARINE CORPS 
MODERNIZATION PROGRAMS 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Tac-
tical Air and Land Forces held a hearing entitled 
‘‘Fiscal Year 2023 Marine Corps Modernization Pro-
grams’’. Testimony was heard from Frederick 
Stefany, Senior Executive Service, Principal Civilian 
Deputy, Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Re-
search, Development, and Acquisition; Lieutenant 
General Mark R. Wise, U.S. Marine Corps, Deputy 
Commandant for Aviation; and Lieutenant General 
Karsten S. Heckl, U.S. Marine Corps, Commanding 
General, Marine Corps Combat Development Com-
mand and Deputy Commandant for Combat Devel-
opment and Integration. 
KEEPING UP WITH THE CODES—USING AI 
FOR EFFECTIVE REGTECH 
Committee on Financial Services: Task Force on Artifi-
cial Intelligence held a hearing entitled ‘‘Keeping 
Up with the Codes—Using AI for Effective 
RegTech’’. Testimony was heard from Kevin Green-
field, Deputy Comptroller for Operational Risk Pol-
icy, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, De-
partment of the Treasury; Kelly Lay, Director, Office 
of Examination and Insurance, National Credit 
Union Administration; and public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, 
MAY 16, 2022 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. 
House 
No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:59 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D13MY2.REC
D13MYPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 58-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional Record
The Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each House
of Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, United
States Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶ Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶ To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO
63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶ Following
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶ With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record.
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.
U
N
U
M
E
P
LU
RI
B
U
S
D522 
May 13, 2022 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
3 p.m., Monday, May 16 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration 
of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 7691, 
Additional Ukraine Supplemental Appropriations Act, 
and vote on the motion to invoke cloture thereon at 5:30 
p.m. 
Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
12 noon, Monday, May 16 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Bergman, Jack, Mich., E499 
Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E501 
Estes, Ron, Kans., E502 
Golden, Jared F., Me., E500 
Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E498 
Jacobs, Chris, N.Y., E502 
Keating, William R., Mass., E502 
LaHood, Darin, Ill., E501 
Lieu, Ted, Calif., E500 
Lofgren, Zoe, Calif., E500 
Newman, Marie, Ill., E497 
Speier, Jackie, Calif., E500 
Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E497, E501 
Wilson, Joe, S.C., E497 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:59 May 14, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00004
Fmt 0664
Sfmt 0664
E:\CR\FM\D13MY2.REC
D13MYPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 59-
