Congressional Record
U
N
U
M
E
P
LU
RI
B
U
S
United States
of America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 116th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
b This symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b 1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.
H6817 
Vol. 166 
WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 4, 2020 
No. 205 
Senate 
The Senate was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Monday, December 7, 2020, at 3 p.m. 
House of Representatives 
FRIDAY, DECEMBER 4, 2020 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Dear Lord, we give You thanks for 
giving us another day. 
At the end of the week, we use this 
moment to be reminded of Your pres-
ence, and to tap the resources needed 
by the Members of this people’s House 
to do their work as well as it can be 
done in the days remaining in the 116th 
Congress. 
May they be led by Your spirit in the 
decisions they make. May they possess 
Your power as they steady themselves 
amid the pressures of persistent prob-
lems. 
May their faith in You deliver them 
from tensions that make fruitful legis-
lative work difficult, and from worries 
that might wear them out. 
In the final days of this Congress, 
may they do their best to find solu-
tions to pressing issues facing our Na-
tion during these stressful times of 
coronavirus. 
May all that is done be for Your 
greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 
4(a) of House Resolution 967, the Jour-
nal of the last day’s proceedings is ap-
proved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman 
from Minnesota (Mr. PHILLIPS) come 
forward and lead the House in the 
Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. PHILLIPS led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-
lic for which it stands, one nation under God, 
indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-
tain up to five requests for 1-minute 
speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
WE MUST RISE TO THE OCCASION 
(Mr. PHILLIPS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute.) 
Mr. PHILLIPS. Madam Speaker, the 
foundation 
of 
America’s 
greatness 
stems from its remarkable ability—our 
remarkable ability—to meet the mo-
ment during times of crisis. 
Whether our foremothers and fore-
fathers faced threats from overseas, 
economic depressions, natural disas-
ters, or attacks on our own soil, they 
rose to the occasion. They met the mo-
ment, and history shined favorably 
upon their legacies. 
And now it is our turn. 
The pandemic is an enemy that has 
already killed 276,000 of our neighbors 
across the Nation, and by the time it is 
over, it will have likely claimed more 
lives—American lives—than World War 
II. 
Families are hungry, restaurants and 
businesses are closing, millions are un-
employed, and each one of them is 
waiting on us. 
But common ground has been found, 
my friends. A bipartisan, bicameral 
framework awaits our action. Time is 
short, the need is great, and I implore 
that we all come together and get it 
done. 
f 
COMMENDING THE CENTRAL 
TEXAS FOOD BANK 
(Mr. WILLIAMS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute.) 
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to thank the Central Texas Food 
Bank for being a leader in the fight 
against hunger and for their commit-
ment to serving our community over 
the last 40 years. 
Their generosity and dedication to 
our Texas neighbors is at the heart of 
the American story. Last year alone, 
they provided 39 million meals to cen-
tral Texas families, including those in 
Burnet, Coryell, Bell, Lampasas, Hays, 
and Travis Counties in the 25th Dis-
trict. 
I was grateful for the opportunity 
this fall to join them distributing food 
to veterans and their families in the 
Austin area, and I look forward to 
working together in the years to come. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank all the volun-
teers who are working around the 
clock to provide food for families dur-
ing a time that has presented unique 
and unforeseen challenges, especially 
as we celebrate this holiday season. By 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
10:56 Dec 07, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A04DE7.000
H04DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 0-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6818 
December 4, 2020 
mobilizing our communities to serve 
and inspiring younger generations to 
give back where they can, they are 
making us a stronger and a better na-
tion. 
May God bless all of them, may God 
bless Texas, and may He continue to 
bless the greatest country on Earth, 
the United States of America. 
In God We Trust. 
f 
COVID–19 AID PACKAGE 
(Mr. KILDEE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute.) 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, look, we 
all know this pandemic is not over—it 
is far from over—and Congress has to 
do its job. Families, seniors, small 
businesses are suffering, and they need 
Congress to act now before we leave 
town. 
When we were all home over the 
Thanksgiving holiday, we all saw the 
same thing: the heartbreaking images 
of people, people who never have had to 
seek help, standing in lines for food, 
millions of people out of work. 
Small businesses, well, they are clos-
ing. We are losing small businesses 
every single day, and now Federal un-
employment benefits are set to expire. 
Look, families are falling into pov-
erty as a result of our inaction. 
The people who are hurting are rep-
resented by Democrats and Repub-
licans. The people who are hurting are 
in every district across this country. 
We worked to get to a solution. In 
this House, we passed, twice, legisla-
tion that would provide that relief, 
but, at this moment, we need to come 
together as Democrats and Repub-
licans. 
The people who are hurting are rep-
resented by Democrats and Repub-
licans. The solution has to come in a 
bipartisan form. So let’s set aside our 
differences. Let’s find common ground. 
Let’s pass a COVID relief bill now. 
f 
LET’S EXTEND THE PAYCHECK 
PROTECTION PROGRAM 
(Mr. JACOBS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute.) 
Mr. JACOBS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
support of extending the successful and 
bipartisan Paycheck Protection Pro-
gram by making $138 billion in already 
appropriated funds available to help 
more businesses that are experiencing 
dire and desperate need. 
This week, it was reported that al-
most 30 percent of small businesses in 
New York have closed for good due to 
the COVID–19 epidemic, and many 
more will face the same fate without 
further aid. 
$138 billion appropriated to the PPP 
is just sitting here in Washington, 
D.C., instead of helping our Nation’s 
small businesses. 
For months, we have asked the 
Speaker to allow a vote on H.R. 8265, 
which simply enables the SBA to do 
another round of grant awards, getting 
this $138 billion out on the street be-
fore it is too late for many of these 
hard-hit businesses. This legislation is 
targeted, addresses a dire need across 
the Nation, and requires no additional 
Federal funds. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge the Speaker and 
her leadership to reconsider this tactic 
and allow this legislation to come to 
the floor for a vote. I am confident it 
will receive bipartisan support. 
f 
CONGRATULATING DR. JUDY 
WHITE 
(Mr. TAKANO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate Dr. Judy White 
on her retirement from the Riverside 
County Office of Education. 
Known as a history maker and 
stereotype breaker, Dr. White has been 
a distinguished educator for the past 40 
years. Most recently, she served as the 
Riverside County Superintendent of 
Schools, where she led the county’s 515 
schools, ensuring that all 430,000 stu-
dents in the county received the qual-
ity education they deserve. 
Dr. White has dedicated her career to 
bettering public education throughout 
the Inland Empire. She encouraged stu-
dents 
to 
pursue 
their 
educational 
dreams, and she secured millions of 
dollars in funding to bridge the digital 
divide in our communities. 
There is no doubt that Dr. White has 
been an incredible asset to the students 
of Riverside County, and I am glad to 
have had the pleasure of working with 
her. She sets a high bar in everything 
she does, and I wish her a happy retire-
ment and all the best in her future en-
deavors. 
f 
RETIREMENT BENEFITS FOR AIR 
AMERICA PILOTS 
(Mr. GROTHMAN asked and was 
given permission to address the House 
for 1 minute.) 
Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Speaker, I 
think, without question, one of the 
parts of our history that has been 
underreported is that of the great wars 
against communism, one of which was 
the Vietnam war. 
One part of the Vietnam war that 
hasn’t been discussed enough is that of 
Air America. It was a CIA-run oper-
ation in which they would take air-
lines, scrub off the markings related to 
the U.S. Air Force, and then fly over 
Laos maybe to drop off supplies, maybe 
to do rescue missions, both with regard 
to American troops and our Hmong al-
lies. 
I have the honor to introduce, to-
gether 
along 
with 
Congresswoman 
MALONEY, the bipartisan Air America 
Act, which will give those people who 
risked their lives, and many of them 
have died, the same retirement bene-
fits as other people who fought for the 
military in the Vietnam war. 
But today I would just like to salute 
those veterans of Air America, many of 
whom are still alive, some in my dis-
trict, and hope that we act quickly to 
give them the retirement benefits that 
they should have had many years ago. 
f 
REMEMBERING DR. ROGER 
MANDLE 
(Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute.) 
Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, last 
week the arts and education commu-
nities lost a giant when Dr. Roger 
Mandle, the former president of the 
Rhode Island School of Design for more 
than a decade, passed away in Dart-
mouth, Massachusetts, at the age of 79. 
I was fortunate to work closely with 
President Mandle during my time as 
mayor of Providence. He was a pas-
sionate advocate for the humanities 
and a visionary leader who ensured 
that Rhode Island remained home to 
the leading arts and design school in 
the world. 
Most of all, he was an extraordinary 
human being and talented leader who 
sought to leave our world in better 
shape than he found it. 
He recognized the influential post he 
held as a civic leader in the city of 
Providence, he understood fully the im-
portance that great universities and 
colleges have to the success of cities, 
and he worked to ensure that RISD was 
an asset for Rhode Island’s capital city. 
He will be deeply missed by all who 
knew him. 
My thoughts and prayers are with 
Roger’s wife, the renowned abstract 
artist Gayle Wells Mandle, and their 
entire family today. 
f 
LAKES FREEMAN AND SHAFER 
(Mr. BAIRD asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. BAIRD. Mr. Speaker, today I rise 
on behalf of the communities and the 
residents surrounding Lakes Freeman 
and Shafer. 
This summer, these communities 
witnessed the water levels in Lake 
Freeman reach a dangerously low level. 
The low water levels were brought on 
by drought, but were exacerbated by a 
U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service ruling 
meant to protect several species of 
mussels. 
However well-intended the ruling, it 
is having devastating consequences for 
these communities and the city of 
Monticello. Local businesses are strug-
gling to get by, property values are de-
creasing, and the ecosystem of the lake 
is threatened. 
Fish and Wildlife have the power to 
resolve this issue, but the agency has 
been unable to adjust to realtime cir-
cumstances. 
I brought this issue to the attention 
of the Department of the Interior. My 
hope is that our government can be re-
sponsive to the concerns of the people 
on a problem they have helped create. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
10:56 Dec 07, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K04DE7.002
H04DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 1-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6819 
December 4, 2020 
WE MUST PASS BIPARTISAN 
COVID RELIEF 
(Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire 
asked and was given permission to ad-
dress the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise to speak of the urgent 
need to pass bipartisan COVID–19 relief 
legislation as Congress works to con-
clude our work this year. 
Families, businesses, and workers in 
New Hampshire are feeling the contin-
ued pain and impact of this pandemic 
as cases reach record highs in my State 
and hospitals and frontline health 
workers brace for the expected surge. 
This week, I was pleased to see 
Democrats and Republicans in the 
House and the Senate come together to 
find common ground and release a 
promising framework that we should 
consider immediately. This legislation 
would bolster our public health and 
economic response to COVID–19 to help 
us get through the long, cold, dark 
winter ahead. 
Democrats and Republicans won’t get 
everything they want, but we need to 
come together and put politics aside. 
This legislation includes new funding 
for the Paycheck Protection Program 
for small businesses, State and local 
funding for our first responders, ex-
tended unemployment, and critical 
funding to help with the distribution of 
the promising COVID–19 vaccine, as 
well as $5 billion in funding to combat 
the opioid epidemic, which, tragically, 
continues to rage. 
It is time to come together and get 
the job done. 
f 
b 0915 
MARIJUANA OPPORTUNITY REIN-
VESTMENT AND EXPUNGEMENT 
ACT OF 2019 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, 
pursuant to House Resolution 1244, I 
call up the bill (H.R. 3884) to decrimi-
nalize and deschedule cannabis, to pro-
vide for reinvestment in certain per-
sons adversely impacted by the War on 
Drugs, to provide for expungement of 
certain cannabis offenses, and for other 
purposes, and ask for its immediate 
consideration. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
CUELLAR). Pursuant to House Resolu-
tion 1244, in lieu of the amendment in 
the 
nature 
of 
a 
substitute 
rec-
ommended by the Committee on the 
Judiciary printed in the bill, an amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute con-
sisting of the text of Rules Committee 
Print 116–67, modified by the amend-
ment printed in House Report 116–607, 
is adopted, and the bill, as amended, is 
considered read. 
The text of the bill, as amended, is as 
follows: 
H. R. 3884 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of 
Representatives of the United States of America 
in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Marijuana Op-
portunity Reinvestment and Expungement Act 
of 2020’’ or the ‘‘MORE Act of 2020’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
The Congress finds as follows: 
(1) The communities that have been most 
harmed by cannabis prohibition are benefiting 
the least from the legal marijuana marketplace. 
(2) A legacy of racial and ethnic injustices, 
compounded by the disproportionate collateral 
consequences of 80 years of cannabis prohibition 
enforcement, now limits participation in the in-
dustry. 
(3) 36 States, the District of Columbia, Puerto 
Rico, and Guam have adopted laws allowing 
legal access to cannabis, and 15 States, the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and the Commonwealth of the 
Northern Mariana Islands have adopted laws 
legalizing cannabis for adult recreational use. 
(4) A total of 47 States have reformed their 
laws pertaining to cannabis despite the Sched-
ule I status of marijuana and its Federal crim-
inalization. 
(5) Legal cannabis sales totaled $9.5 billion in 
2017 and are projected to reach $23 billion by 
2022. 
(6) According to the American Civil Liberties 
Union (ACLU), enforcing cannabis prohibition 
laws costs taxpayers approximately $3.6 billion a 
year. 
(7) The continued enforcement of cannabis 
prohibition laws results in over 600,000 arrests 
annually, disproportionately impacting people 
of color who are almost 4 times more likely to be 
arrested for cannabis possession than their 
White counterparts, despite equal rates of use 
across populations. 
(8) People of color have been historically tar-
geted by discriminatory sentencing practices re-
sulting in Black men receiving drug sentences 
that are 13.1 percent longer than sentences im-
posed for White men and Latinos being nearly 
6.5 times more likely to receive a Federal sen-
tence for cannabis possession than non-His-
panic Whites. 
(9) In 2013, simple cannabis possession was the 
fourth most common cause of deportation for 
any offense and the most common cause of de-
portation for drug law violations. 
(10) Fewer than one-fifth of cannabis business 
owners identify as minorities and only approxi-
mately 4 percent are black. 
(11) Applicants for cannabis licenses are lim-
ited by numerous laws, regulations, and exorbi-
tant permit applications, licensing fees, and 
costs in these States, which can require more 
than $700,000. 
(12) Historically disproportionate arrest and 
conviction rates make it particularly difficult 
for people of color to enter the legal cannabis 
marketplace, as most States bar these individ-
uals from participating. 
(13) Federal law severely limits access to loans 
and capital for cannabis businesses, dispropor-
tionately impacting minority small business 
owners. 
(14) Some States and municipalities have 
taken proactive steps to mitigate inequalities in 
the legal cannabis marketplace and ensure 
equal participation in the industry. 
SEC. 3. DECRIMINALIZATION OF CANNABIS. 
(a) CANNABIS REMOVED FROM SCHEDULE OF 
CONTROLLED SUBSTANCES.— 
(1) REMOVAL IN STATUTE.—Subsection (c) of 
schedule I of section 202(c) of the Controlled 
Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 812) is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘(10) Marihuana.’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘(17) Tetrahydrocannabinols, 
except for tetrahydrocannabinols in hemp (as 
defined in section 297A of the Agricultural Mar-
keting Act of 1946).’’. 
(2) REMOVAL FROM SCHEDULE.—Not later than 
180 days after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Attorney General shall finalize a rule-
making under section 201(a)(2) removing mari-
huana and tetrahydrocannabinols from the 
schedules of controlled substances. For the pur-
poses of the Controlled Substances Act, mari-
huana and tetrahydrocannabinols shall each be 
deemed to be a drug or other substance that 
does not meet the requirements for inclusion in 
any schedule. A rulemaking under this para-
graph shall be considered to have taken effect 
as of the date of enactment of this Act for pur-
poses of any offense committed, case pending, 
conviction entered, and, in the case of a juve-
nile, any offense committed, case pending, and 
adjudication of juvenile delinquency entered be-
fore, on, or after the date of enactment of this 
Act. 
(b) 
CONFORMING
AMENDMENTS
TO
CON-
TROLLED
SUBSTANCES
ACT.—The 
Controlled 
Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.) is amend-
ed— 
(1) in section 102(44) (21 U.S.C. 802(44)), by 
striking ‘‘marihuana,’’; 
(2) in section 401(b) (21 U.S.C. 841(b))— 
(A) in paragraph (1)— 
(i) in subparagraph (A)— 
(I) in clause (vi), by inserting ‘‘or’’ after the 
semicolon; 
(II) by striking clause (vii); and 
(III) by redesignating clause (viii) as clause 
(vii); 
(ii) in subparagraph (B)— 
(I) in clause (vi), by inserting ‘‘or’’ after the 
semicolon; 
(II) by striking clause (vii); and 
(III) by redesignating clause (viii) as clause 
(vii); 
(iii) in subparagraph (C), in the first sentence, 
by striking ‘‘subparagraphs (A), (B), and (D)’’ 
and inserting ‘‘subparagraphs (A) and (B)’’; 
(iv) by striking subparagraph (D); 
(v) by redesignating subparagraph (E) as sub-
paragraph (D); and 
(vi) in subparagraph (D)(i), as so redesig-
nated, by striking ‘‘subparagraphs (C) and (D)’’ 
and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (C)’’; 
(B) by striking paragraph (4); and 
(C) by redesignating paragraphs (5), (6), and 
(7) as paragraphs (4), (5), and (6), respectively; 
(3) 
in 
section 
402(c)(2)(B) 
(21 
U.S.C. 
842(c)(2)(B)), by striking ‘‘, marihuana,’’; 
(4) in section 403(d)(1) (21 U.S.C. 843(d)(1)), by 
striking ‘‘, marihuana,’’; 
(5) in section 418(a) (21 U.S.C. 859(a)), by 
striking the last sentence; 
(6) in section 419(a) (21 U.S.C. 860(a)), by 
striking the last sentence; 
(7) in section 422(d) (21 U.S.C. 863(d))— 
(A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘marijuana,’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘, such as a 
marihuana cigarette,’’; and 
(8) in section 516(d) (21 U.S.C. 886(d)), by 
striking ‘‘section 401(b)(6)’’ each place the term 
appears and inserting ‘‘section 401(b)(5)’’. 
(c) OTHER CONFORMING AMENDMENTS.— 
(1) NATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM DRUG CONTROL 
ACT OF 1986.—The National Forest System Drug 
Control Act of 1986 (16 U.S.C. 559b et seq.) is 
amended— 
(A) in section 15002(a) (16 U.S.C. 559b(a)) by 
striking ‘‘marijuana and other’’; 
(B) in section 15003(2) (16 U.S.C. 559c(2)) by 
striking ‘‘marijuana and other’’; and 
(C) in section 15004(2) (16 U.S.C. 559d(2)) by 
striking ‘‘marijuana and other’’. 
(2) INTERCEPTION OF COMMUNICATIONS.—Sec-
tion 2516 of title 18, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(A) in subsection (1)(e), by striking ‘‘mari-
huana,’’; and 
(B) in subsection (2) by striking ‘‘mari-
huana’’. 
(3) FMCSA PROVISIONS.— 
(A) 
CONFORMING
AMENDMENT.—Section 
31301(5) of title 49, United States Code, is 
amended by striking ‘‘section 31306,’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘sections 31306, 31306a, and subsections (b) 
and (c) of section 31310,’’. 
(B) DEFINITION.—Section 31306(a) of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
10:56 Dec 07, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\K04DE7.004
H04DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 2-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6820 
December 4, 2020 
(i) by striking ‘‘means any substance’’ and in-
serting the following: ‘‘means— 
‘‘(A) any substance’’; and 
(ii) by striking the period at the end and in-
serting ‘‘; and 
‘‘(B) any substance not covered under sub-
paragraph (A) that was a substance under such 
section as of December 1, 2018, and specified by 
the Secretary of Transportation.’’. 
(C) DISQUALIFICATIONS.—Section 31310(b) of 
title 49, United States Code, is amended by add-
ing at the end the following: 
‘‘(3) In this subsection and subsection (c), the 
term ‘controlled substance’ has the meaning 
given such term in section 31306(a).’’. 
(4) FAA PROVISIONS.—Section 45101 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘means any substance’’ and 
inserting the following: ‘‘means— 
‘‘(A) any substance’’; and 
(B) by striking the period at the end and in-
serting ‘‘; and 
‘‘(B) any substance not covered under sub-
paragraph (A) that was a substance under such 
section as of December 1, 2018, and specified by 
the Secretary of Transportation.’’. 
(5) FRA PROVISIONS.—Section 20140(a) of title 
49, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘means any substance’’ and 
inserting the following: ‘‘means— 
‘‘(A) any substance’’; and 
(B) by striking the period at the end and in-
serting ‘‘; and 
‘‘(B) any substance not covered under sub-
paragraph (A) that was a substance under such 
section as of December 1, 2018, and specified by 
the Secretary of Transportation.’’. 
(6) FTA PROVISIONS.—Section 5331(a)(1) of 
title 49, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘means any substance’’ and 
inserting the following: ‘‘means— 
‘‘(A) any substance’’; and 
(B) by striking the period at the end and in-
serting ‘‘; and 
‘‘(B) any substance not covered under sub-
paragraph (A) that was a substance under such 
section as of December 1, 2018, and whose use 
the Secretary of Transportation decides has a 
risk to transportation safety.’’. 
(d) RETROACTIVITY.—The amendments made 
by this section to the Controlled Substances Act 
(21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.) are retroactive and shall 
apply to any offense committed, case pending, 
conviction entered, and, in the case of a juve-
nile, any offense committed, case pending, or 
adjudication of juvenile delinquency entered be-
fore, on, or after the date of enactment of this 
Act. 
(e) EFFECT ON OTHER LAW.—Nothing in this 
subtitle shall affect or modify— 
(1) the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act 
(21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.); 
(2) section 351 of the Public Health Service Act 
(42 U.S.C. 262); or 
(3) the authority of the Commissioner of Food 
and Drugs and the Secretary of Health and 
Human Services— 
(A) under— 
(i) the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act 
(21 U.S. 301 et seq.); or 
(ii) section 351 of the Public Health Service 
Act (42 U.S.C. 262); or 
(B) to promulgate Federal regulations and 
guidelines that relate to products containing 
cannabis or cannabis-derived compounds under 
the Act described in subparagraph (A)(i) or the 
section described in subparagraph (A)(ii). 
(f) PUBLIC MEETINGS.—Not later than one 
year after the date of enactment of this Act, the 
Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting 
through the Commissioner of Food and Drugs, 
shall hold not less than one public meeting to 
address the regulation, safety, manufacturing, 
product quality, marketing, labeling, and sale of 
products containing cannabis or cannabis-de-
rived compounds. 
(g) SPECIAL RULE
FOR FEDERAL EMPLOYEE 
TESTING.—Section 503 of the Supplemental Ap-
propriations Act, 1987 (5 U.S.C. 7301 note) is 
amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(h) MARIJUANA.— 
‘‘(1) CONTINUED
TESTING.—Notwithstanding 
the Marijuana Opportunity Reinvestment and 
Expungement Act of 2020 and the amendments 
made thereby, the Secretary of Health and 
Human Services may continue to include mari-
juana for purposes of drug testing of Federal 
employees subject to this section, Executive 
Order 12564, or other applicable Federal laws 
and orders. 
‘‘(2) DEFINITION.—The term ‘marijuana’ has 
the meaning given to the term ‘marihuana’ in 
section 102 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 
6 U.S.C. 802) on the day before the date of en-
actment of the Marijuana Opportunity Rein-
vestment and Expungement Act of 2020.’’. 
(h) SPECIAL
RULE
FOR
CERTAIN
REGULA-
TIONS.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—The amendments made by 
this section may not be construed to abridge the 
authority of the Secretary of Transportation, or 
the Secretary of the department in which the 
Coast Guard is operating, to regulate and screen 
for the use of a controlled substance. 
(2) CONTROLLED SUBSTANCE DEFINED.—In this 
subsection, the term ‘‘controlled substance’’ 
means— 
(A) any substance covered under section 102 
of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802) 
on the day before the date of enactment of this 
Act; and 
(B) any substance not covered under subpara-
graph (A) that was a substance covered under 
section 102 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 
U.S.C. 802) on December 1, 2018, and specified 
by the Secretary of Transportation. 
SEC. 4. DEMOGRAPHIC DATA OF CANNABIS BUSI-
NESS OWNERS AND EMPLOYEES. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Bureau of Labor Statis-
tics shall regularly compile, maintain, and make 
public data on the demographics of— 
(1) individuals who are business owners in the 
cannabis industry; and 
(2) individuals who are employed in the can-
nabis industry. 
(b) DEMOGRAPHIC DATA.—The data collected 
under subsection (a) shall include data regard-
ing— 
(1) age; 
(2) certifications and licenses; 
(3) disability status; 
(4) educational attainment; 
(5) family and marital status; 
(6) nativity; 
(7) race and Hispanic ethnicity; 
(8) school enrollment; 
(9) veteran status; and 
(10) sex. 
(c) CONFIDENTIALITY.—The name, address, 
and other identifying information of individuals 
employed in the cannabis industry shall be kept 
confidential by the Bureau and not be made 
available to the public. 
(d) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) CANNABIS.—The term ‘‘cannabis’’ means 
either marijuana or cannabis as defined under 
the State law authorizing the sale or use of can-
nabis in which the individual or entity is lo-
cated. 
(2) CANNABIS INDUSTRY.—The term ‘‘cannabis 
industry’’ means an individual or entity that is 
licensed or permitted under a State or local law 
to engage in commercial cannabis-related activ-
ity. 
(3) OWNER.—The term ‘‘owner’’ means an in-
dividual or entity that is defined as an owner 
under the State or local law where the indi-
vidual or business is licensed or permitted. 
SEC. 5. CREATION OF OPPORTUNITY TRUST FUND 
AND IMPOSITION OF TAXES WITH 
RESPECT TO CANNABIS PRODUCTS. 
(a) ESTABLISHMENT
OF
TRUST
FUND.—Sub-
chapter A of chapter 98 of the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end 
the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 9512. OPPORTUNITY TRUST FUND. 
‘‘(a) CREATION OF TRUST FUND.—There is es-
tablished in the Treasury of the United States a 
trust fund to be known as the ‘Opportunity 
Trust Fund’ (referred to in this section as the 
‘Trust Fund’), consisting of such amounts as 
may be appropriated or credited to such fund as 
provided in this section or section 9602(b). 
‘‘(b) TRANSFERS TO TRUST FUND.—There are 
hereby appropriated to the Trust Fund amounts 
equivalent to the net revenues received in the 
Treasury from the taxes imposed under chapter 
56. 
‘‘(c) EXPENDITURES.—Amounts in the Trust 
Fund shall be available, without further appro-
priation, only as follows: 
‘‘(1) 50 percent to the Attorney General to 
carry out section 3052(a) of part OO of the Om-
nibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 
1968. 
‘‘(2) 10 percent to the Attorney General to 
carry out section 3052(b) of part OO of the Om-
nibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 
1968. 
‘‘(3) 20 percent to the Administrator of the 
Small Business Administration to carry out sec-
tion 6(b)(1) of the Marijuana Opportunity Rein-
vestment and Expungement Act of 2020. 
‘‘(4) 20 percent to the Administrator of the 
Small Business Administration to carry out sec-
tion 6(b)(2) of the Marijuana Opportunity Rein-
vestment and Expungement Act of 2020.’’. 
(b) CANNABIS
REVENUE
AND
REGULATION 
ACT.—Subtitle E of the Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the fol-
lowing new chapter: 
‘‘CHAPTER 56—CANNABIS PRODUCTS 
‘‘SUBCHAPTER A. TAX ON CANNABIS PRODUCTS 
‘‘SUBCHAPTER B. OCCUPATIONAL TAX 
‘‘SUBCHAPTER C. BOND AND PERMITS 
‘‘SUBCHAPTER D. OPERATIONS 
‘‘SUBCHAPTER E. PENALTIES 
‘‘Subchapter A—Tax on Cannabis Products 
‘‘Sec. 5901. Imposition of tax. 
‘‘Sec. 5902. Definitions. 
‘‘Sec. 5903. Liability and method of payment. 
‘‘Sec. 5904. Exemption from tax; transfers in 
bond. 
‘‘Sec. 5905. Credit, refund, or drawback of tax. 
‘‘SEC. 5901. IMPOSITION OF TAX. 
‘‘(a) IMPOSITION OF TAX.—There is hereby im-
posed on any cannabis product produced in or 
imported into the United States a tax equal to— 
‘‘(1) for any such product removed during the 
first 5 calendar years ending after the date on 
which this chapter becomes effective, the appli-
cable percentage of such product’s removal 
price, and 
‘‘(2) for any product removed during any cal-
endar year after the calendar years described in 
paragraph 
(1), 
the 
applicable 
equivalent 
amount. 
‘‘(b) APPLICABLE PERCENTAGE.—For purposes 
of subsection (a)(1), the applicable percentage 
shall be determined as follows: 
‘‘(1) For any cannabis product removed dur-
ing the first 2 calendar years ending after the 
date on which this chapter becomes effective, 5 
percent. 
‘‘(2) For any cannabis product removed dur-
ing the calendar year after the last calendar 
year to which paragraph (1) applies, 6 percent. 
‘‘(3) For any cannabis product removed dur-
ing the calendar year after the calendar year to 
which paragraph (2) applies, 7 percent. 
‘‘(4) For any cannabis product removed dur-
ing the calendar year after the calendar year to 
which paragraph (3) applies, 8 percent. 
‘‘(c) APPLICABLE EQUIVALENT AMOUNT.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—For purposes of subsection 
(a)(2), the term ‘applicable equivalent amount’ 
means, with respect to any cannabis product re-
moved during any calendar year, an amount 
equal to— 
‘‘(A) in the case of any cannabis product not 
described in subparagraph (B), the product of 
the applicable rate per ounce multiplied by the 
number of ounces of such product (and a pro-
portionate tax at the like rate on all fractional 
parts of an ounce of such product), and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
10:56 Dec 07, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00004
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\A04DE7.001
H04DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 3-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6821 
December 4, 2020 
‘‘(B) in the case of any THC-measurable can-
nabis product, the product of the applicable rate 
per gram multiplied by the number of grams of 
tetrahydrocannabinol in such product (and a 
proportionate tax at the like rate on all frac-
tional parts of a gram of tetrahydrocannabinol 
in such product). 
‘‘(2) APPLICABLE RATES.— 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—For purposes of paragraph 
(1)(A), the term ‘applicable rate per ounce’ 
means, with respect to any cannabis product re-
moved during any calendar year, 8 percent of 
the prevailing sales price of cannabis flowers 
sold in the United States during the 12-month 
period ending one calendar quarter before such 
calendar year, expressed on a per ounce basis, 
as determined by the Secretary. 
‘‘(B) THC-MEASURABLE CANNABIS PRODUCTS.— 
For purposes of paragraph (1)(B), the term ‘ap-
plicable rate per gram’ means, with respect to 
any cannabis product removed during any cal-
endar year, 8 percent of the prevailing sales 
price of tetrahydrocannabinol sold in the United 
States during the 12-month period ending one 
calendar quarter before such calendar year, ex-
pressed on a per gram basis, as determined by 
the Secretary. 
‘‘(d) TIME
OF
ATTACHMENT
ON
CANNABIS 
PRODUCTS.—The tax under this section shall at-
tach to any cannabis product as soon as such 
product is in existence as such, whether it be 
subsequently separated or transferred into any 
other substance, either in the process of original 
production or by any subsequent process. 
‘‘SEC. 5902. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘(a) DEFINITIONS
RELATED
TO
CANNABIS 
PRODUCTS.—For purposes of this chapter— 
‘‘(1) CANNABIS PRODUCT.— 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—Except as provided in sub-
paragraph (B), the term ‘cannabis product’ 
means any article which contains (or consists 
of) cannabis. 
‘‘(B) EXCEPTIONS.—The term ‘cannabis prod-
uct’ shall not include an FDA-approved article 
or industrial hemp. 
‘‘(C) 
FDA-APPROVED
ARTICLE.—The 
term 
‘FDA-approved article’ means any article if the 
producer or importer thereof demonstrates to the 
satisfaction of the Secretary of Health and 
Human Services that such article is— 
‘‘(i) a drug— 
‘‘(I) that is approved under section 505 of the 
Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act or li-
censed under section 351 of the Public Health 
Service Act, or 
‘‘(II) for which an investigational use exemp-
tion has been authorized under section 505(i) of 
the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act or 
under section 351(a) of the Public Health Service 
Act, or 
‘‘(ii) a combination product (as described in 
section 503(g) of the Federal Food, Drug, and 
Cosmetic Act), the constituent parts of which 
were approved or cleared under section 505, 
510(k), or 515 of such Act. 
‘‘(D) INDUSTRIAL HEMP.—The term ‘industrial 
hemp’ means the plant Cannabis sativa L. and 
any part of such plant, whether growing or not, 
with a delta-9 tetrahydrocannabinol concentra-
tion of not more than 0.3 percent on a dry 
weight basis. 
‘‘(2) THC-MEASURABLE CANNABIS PRODUCT.— 
The term ‘THC-measurable cannabis product’ 
means any cannabis product— 
‘‘(A) with respect to which the Secretary has 
made a determination that the amount of 
tetrahydrocannabinol in such product can be 
measured with a high degree of accuracy, or 
‘‘(B) which is not cannabis flower and the 
concentration of tetrahydrocannabinol in which 
is significantly higher than the average such 
concentration in cannabis flower. 
‘‘(3) CANNABIS.—The term ‘cannabis’ has the 
meaning given such term under section 102(16) 
of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 
802(16)). 
‘‘(b) DEFINITIONS RELATED TO CANNABIS EN-
TERPRISES.—For purposes of this chapter— 
‘‘(1) CANNABIS
ENTERPRISE.—The term ‘can-
nabis enterprise’ means a producer, importer, or 
export warehouse proprietor. 
‘‘(2) PRODUCER.— 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—The term ‘producer’ means 
any person who plants, cultivates, harvests, 
grows, manufactures, produces, compounds, 
converts, processes, prepares, or packages any 
cannabis product. 
‘‘(B) PERSONAL
USE
EXCEPTION.—Subject to 
regulation prescribed by the Secretary, the term 
‘producer’ shall not include any individual oth-
erwise described in subparagraph (A) if the only 
cannabis product described in such subpara-
graph with respect to such individual is for per-
sonal or family use and not for sale. 
‘‘(3) IMPORTER.—The term ‘importer’ means 
any person who— 
‘‘(A) is in the United States and to whom non- 
tax-paid cannabis products, produced in a for-
eign country or a possession of the United 
States, are shipped or consigned, 
‘‘(B) removes cannabis products for sale or 
consumption in the United States from a cus-
toms bonded warehouse, or 
‘‘(C) smuggles or otherwise unlawfully brings 
any cannabis product into the United States. 
‘‘(4) EXPORT WAREHOUSE PROPRIETOR.— 
‘‘(A) IN
GENERAL.—The term ‘export ware-
house proprietor’ means any person who oper-
ates an export warehouse. 
‘‘(B) EXPORT WAREHOUSE.—The term ‘export 
warehouse’ means a bonded internal revenue 
warehouse for the storage of cannabis products, 
upon which the internal revenue tax has not 
been paid— 
‘‘(i) for subsequent shipment to a foreign 
country or a possession of the United States, or 
‘‘(ii) for consumption beyond the jurisdiction 
of the internal revenue laws of the United 
States. 
‘‘(5) CANNABIS
PRODUCTION
FACILITY.—The 
term ‘cannabis production facility’ means an es-
tablishment which is qualified under subchapter 
C to perform any operation for which such qual-
ification is required under such subchapter. 
‘‘(c) OTHER
DEFINITIONS.—For purposes of 
this chapter— 
‘‘(1) PRODUCE.—The term ‘produce’ includes 
any activity described in subsection (b)(2)(A). 
‘‘(2) REMOVAL; REMOVE.—The terms ‘removal’ 
or ‘remove’ means— 
‘‘(A) the transfer of cannabis products from 
the premises of a producer (or the transfer of 
such products from the bonded premises of a 
producer to a non-bonded premises of such pro-
ducer), 
‘‘(B) release of such products from customs 
custody, or 
‘‘(C) smuggling or other unlawful importation 
of such products into the United States. 
‘‘(3) REMOVAL
PRICE.—The term ‘removal 
price’ means— 
‘‘(A) except as otherwise provided in this 
paragraph, the price for which the cannabis 
product is sold in the sale which occurs in con-
nection with the removal of such product, 
‘‘(B) in the case of any such sale which is de-
scribed in section 5903(c), the price determined 
under such section, and 
‘‘(C) if there is no sale which occurs in con-
nection with such removal, the price which 
would be determined under section 5903(c) if 
such product were sold at a price which cannot 
be determined. 
‘‘SEC. 5903. LIABILITY AND METHOD OF PAYMENT. 
‘‘(a) LIABILITY FOR TAX.— 
‘‘(1) ORIGINAL
LIABILITY.—The producer or 
importer of any cannabis product shall be liable 
for the taxes imposed thereon by section 5901. 
‘‘(2) TRANSFER OF LIABILITY.— 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—When cannabis products 
are transferred, without payment of tax, pursu-
ant to subsection (b) or (c) of section 5904— 
‘‘(i) except as provided in clause (ii), the 
transferee shall become liable for the tax upon 
receipt by the transferee of such articles, and 
the transferor shall thereupon be relieved of 
their liability for such tax, and 
‘‘(ii) in the case of cannabis products which 
are released in bond from customs custody for 
transfer to the bonded premises of a producer, 
the transferee shall become liable for the tax on 
such articles upon release from customs custody, 
and the importer shall thereupon be relieved of 
their liability for such tax. 
‘‘(B) RETURNED TO BOND.—All provisions of 
this chapter applicable to cannabis products in 
bond shall be applicable to such articles re-
turned to bond upon withdrawal from the mar-
ket or returned to bond after previous removal 
for a tax-exempt purpose. 
‘‘(b) METHOD OF PAYMENT OF TAX.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.— 
‘‘(A) TAXES PAID ON BASIS OF RETURN.—The 
taxes imposed by section 5901 shall be paid on 
the basis of return. The Secretary shall, by reg-
ulations, prescribe the period or the event to be 
covered by such return and the information to 
be furnished on such return. 
‘‘(B) APPLICATION
TO
TRANSFEREES.—In the 
case of any transfer to which subsection 
(a)(2)(A) applies, the tax under section 5901 on 
the transferee shall (if not otherwise relieved by 
reason of a subsequent transfer to which such 
subsection applies) be imposed with respect to 
the removal of the cannabis product from the 
bonded premises of the transferee. 
‘‘(C) 
POSTPONEMENT.—Any 
postponement 
under this subsection of the payment of taxes 
determined at the time of removal shall be con-
ditioned upon the filing of such additional 
bonds, and upon compliance with such require-
ments, as the Secretary may prescribe for the 
protection of the revenue. The Secretary may, 
by regulations, require payment of tax on the 
basis of a return prior to removal of the can-
nabis products where a person defaults in the 
postponed payment of tax on the basis of a re-
turn under this subsection or regulations pre-
scribed thereunder. 
‘‘(D) ADMINISTRATION
AND
PENALTIES.—All 
administrative and penalty provisions of this 
title, insofar as applicable, shall apply to any 
tax imposed by section 5901. 
‘‘(2) TIME FOR PAYMENT OF TAXES.— 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—Except as otherwise pro-
vided in this paragraph, in the case of taxes on 
cannabis products removed during any semi-
monthly period under bond for deferred pay-
ment of tax, the last day for payment of such 
taxes shall be the 14th day after the last day of 
such semimonthly period. 
‘‘(B) IMPORTED ARTICLES.—In the case of can-
nabis products which are imported into the 
United States, the following provisions shall 
apply: 
‘‘(i) IN GENERAL.—The last day for payment of 
tax shall be the 14th day after the last day of 
the semimonthly period during which the article 
is entered into the customs territory of the 
United States. 
‘‘(ii) 
SPECIAL
RULE
FOR
ENTRY
OF 
WAREHOUSING.—Except as provided in clause 
(iv), in the case of an entry for warehousing, 
the last day for payment of tax shall not be 
later than the 14th day after the last day of the 
semimonthly period during which the article is 
removed from the first such warehouse. 
‘‘(iii) FOREIGN TRADE ZONES.—Except as pro-
vided in clause (iv) and in regulations pre-
scribed by the Secretary, articles brought into a 
foreign trade zone shall, notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, be treated for purposes of 
this subsection as if such zone were a single cus-
toms warehouse. 
‘‘(iv) EXCEPTION FOR ARTICLES DESTINED FOR 
EXPORT.—Clauses (ii) and (iii) shall not apply to 
any article which is shown to the satisfaction of 
the Secretary to be destined for export. 
‘‘(C) CANNABIS PRODUCTS BROUGHT INTO THE 
UNITED STATES FROM PUERTO RICO.—In the case 
of cannabis products which are brought into the 
United States from Puerto Rico and subject to 
tax under section 7652, the last day for payment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
10:56 Dec 07, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00005
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\A04DE7.001
H04DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 4-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6822 
December 4, 2020 
of tax shall be the 14th day after the last day of 
the semimonthly period during which the article 
is brought into the United States. 
‘‘(D) SPECIAL RULE WHERE DUE DATE FALLS ON 
SATURDAY, 
SUNDAY, 
OR
HOLIDAY.—Notwith-
standing section 7503, if, but for this subpara-
graph, the due date under this paragraph would 
fall on a Saturday, Sunday, or a legal holiday 
(as defined in section 7503), such due date shall 
be the immediately preceding day which is not a 
Saturday, Sunday, or such a holiday. 
‘‘(E) SPECIAL
RULE
FOR
UNLAWFULLY
PRO-
DUCED CANNABIS PRODUCTS.—In the case of any 
cannabis products produced in the United 
States at any place other than the premises of a 
producer that has filed the bond and obtained 
the permit required under this chapter, tax shall 
be due and payable immediately upon produc-
tion. 
‘‘(3) PAYMENT
BY
ELECTRONIC
FUND
TRANS-
FER.—Any person who in any 12-month period, 
ending December 31, was liable for a gross 
amount equal to or exceeding $5,000,000 in taxes 
imposed on cannabis products by section 5901 
(or section 7652) shall pay such taxes during the 
succeeding calendar year by electronic fund 
transfer (as defined in section 5061(e)(2)) to a 
Federal Reserve Bank. Rules similar to the rules 
of section 5061(e)(3) shall apply to the $5,000,000 
amount specified in the preceding sentence. 
‘‘(c) DETERMINATION OF PRICE.— 
‘‘(1) CONSTRUCTIVE SALE PRICE.— 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—If an article is sold directly 
to consumers, sold on consignment, or sold (oth-
erwise than through an arm’s length trans-
action) at less than the fair market price, or if 
the price for which the article sold cannot be de-
termined, the tax under section 5901(a) shall be 
computed on the price for which such articles 
are sold, in the ordinary course of trade, by pro-
ducers thereof, as determined by the Secretary. 
‘‘(B) ARM’S LENGTH.— 
‘‘(i) IN GENERAL.—For purposes of this section, 
a sale is considered to be made under cir-
cumstances otherwise than at arm’s length if— 
‘‘(I) the parties are members of the same con-
trolled group, whether or not such control is ac-
tually exercised to influence the sale price, or 
‘‘(II) the parties are members of a family, as 
defined in section 267(c)(4), or 
‘‘(III) the sale is made pursuant to special ar-
rangements between a producer and a pur-
chaser. 
‘‘(ii) CONTROLLED GROUPS.— 
‘‘(I) IN GENERAL.—The term ‘controlled group’ 
has the meaning given to such term by sub-
section (a) of section 1563, except that ‘more 
than 50 percent’ shall be substituted for ‘at least 
80 percent’ each place it appears in such sub-
section. 
‘‘(II) CONTROLLED
GROUPS
WHICH
INCLUDE 
NONINCORPORATED PERSONS.—Under regulations 
prescribed by the Secretary, principles similar to 
the principles of subclause (I) shall apply to a 
group of persons under common control where 
one or more of such persons is not a corpora-
tion. 
‘‘(2) CONTAINERS, PACKING
AND
TRANSPOR-
TATION CHARGES.—In determining, for the pur-
poses of this chapter, the price for which an ar-
ticle is sold, there shall be included any charge 
for coverings and containers of whatever na-
ture, and any charge incident to placing the ar-
ticle in condition packed ready for shipment, 
but there shall be excluded the amount of tax 
imposed by this chapter, whether or not stated 
as a separate charge. A transportation, delivery, 
insurance, installation, or other charge (not re-
quired by the preceding sentence to be included) 
shall be excluded from the price only if the 
amount thereof is established to the satisfaction 
of the Secretary in accordance with regulations. 
‘‘(3) DETERMINATION OF APPLICABLE EQUIVA-
LENT AMOUNTS.—Paragraphs (1) and (2) shall 
apply for purposes of section 5901(c) only to the 
extent that the Secretary determines appro-
priate. 
‘‘(d) PARTIAL
PAYMENTS
AND
INSTALLMENT 
ACCOUNTS.— 
‘‘(1) PARTIAL PAYMENTS.—In the case of— 
‘‘(A) a contract for the sale of an article 
wherein it is provided that the price shall be 
paid by installments and title to the article sold 
does not pass until a future date notwith-
standing partial payment by installments, 
‘‘(B) a conditional sale, or 
‘‘(C) a chattel mortgage arrangement wherein 
it is provided that the sales price shall be paid 
in installments, 
there shall be paid upon each payment with re-
spect to the article a percentage of such pay-
ment equal to the rate of tax in effect on the 
date such payment is due. 
‘‘(2) SALES OF INSTALLMENT ACCOUNTS.—If in-
stallment accounts, with respect to payments on 
which tax is being computed as provided in 
paragraph (1), are sold or otherwise disposed of, 
then paragraph (1) shall not apply with respect 
to any subsequent payments on such accounts 
(other than subsequent payments on returned 
accounts with respect to which credit or refund 
is allowable by reason of section 6416(b)(5)), but 
instead— 
‘‘(A) there shall be paid an amount equal to 
the difference between— 
‘‘(i) the tax previously paid on the payments 
on such installment accounts, and 
‘‘(ii) the total tax which would be payable if 
such installment accounts had not been sold or 
otherwise disposed of (computed as provided in 
paragraph (1)), except that 
‘‘(B) if any such sale is pursuant to the order 
of, or subject to the approval of, a court of com-
petent jurisdiction in a bankruptcy or insol-
vency proceeding, the amount computed under 
subparagraph (A) shall not exceed the sum of 
the amounts computed by multiplying— 
‘‘(i) the proportionate share of the amount for 
which such accounts are sold which is allocable 
to each unpaid installment payment, by 
‘‘(ii) the rate of tax under this chapter in ef-
fect on the date such unpaid installment pay-
ment is or was due. 
The sum of the amounts payable under this sub-
section in respect of the sale of any article shall 
not exceed the total tax. 
‘‘SEC. 5904. EXEMPTION FROM TAX; TRANSFERS 
IN BOND. 
‘‘(a) EXEMPTION FROM TAX.—Cannabis prod-
ucts on which the internal revenue tax has not 
been paid or determined may, subject to such 
regulations as the Secretary shall prescribe, be 
withdrawn from the bonded premises of any 
producer in approved containers free of tax and 
not for resale for use— 
‘‘(1) exclusively in scientific research by a lab-
oratory, 
‘‘(2) by a proprietor of a cannabis production 
facility in research, development, or testing 
(other than consumer testing or other market 
analysis) of processes, systems, materials, or 
equipment, relating to cannabis or cannabis op-
erations, under such limitations and conditions 
as to quantities, use, and accountability as the 
Secretary may by regulations require for the 
protection of the revenue, or 
‘‘(3) by the United States or any governmental 
agency thereof, any State, any political subdivi-
sion of a State, or the District of Columbia, for 
nonconsumption purposes. 
‘‘(b) CANNABIS
PRODUCTS
TRANSFERRED
OR 
REMOVED IN BOND FROM DOMESTIC FACTORIES 
AND EXPORT WAREHOUSES.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—Subject to such regulations 
and under such bonds as the Secretary shall 
prescribe, a producer or export warehouse pro-
prietor may transfer cannabis products, without 
payment of tax, to the bonded premises of an-
other producer or export warehouse proprietor, 
or remove such articles, without payment of tax, 
for shipment to a foreign country or a posses-
sion of the United States, or for consumption be-
yond the jurisdiction of the internal revenue 
laws of the United States. 
‘‘(2) LABELING.—Cannabis products may not 
be transferred or removed under this subsection 
unless such products bear such marks, labels, or 
notices as the Secretary shall by regulations 
prescribe. 
‘‘(c) CANNABIS PRODUCTS RELEASED IN BOND 
FROM CUSTOMS CUSTODY.—Cannabis products 
imported or brought into the United States may 
be released from customs custody, without pay-
ment of tax, for delivery to a producer or export 
warehouse proprietor if such articles are not put 
up in packages, in accordance with such regula-
tions and under such bond as the Secretary 
shall prescribe. 
‘‘(d) CANNABIS PRODUCTS EXPORTED AND RE-
TURNED.—Cannabis products classifiable under 
item 9801.00.10 of the Harmonized Tariff Sched-
ule of the United States (relating to duty on cer-
tain articles previously exported and returned), 
as in effect on the date of the enactment of the 
Marijuana 
Opportunity 
Reinvestment 
and 
Expungement Act of 2020, may be released from 
customs custody, without payment of that part 
of the duty attributable to the internal revenue 
tax for delivery to the original producer of such 
cannabis products or to the export warehouse 
proprietor authorized by such producer to re-
ceive such products, in accordance with such 
regulations and under such bond as the Sec-
retary shall prescribe. Upon such release such 
products shall be subject to this chapter as if 
they had not been exported or otherwise re-
moved from internal revenue bond. 
‘‘SEC. 5905. CREDIT, REFUND, OR DRAWBACK OF 
TAX. 
‘‘(a) CREDIT OR REFUND.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—Credit or refund of any tax 
imposed by this chapter or section 7652 shall be 
allowed or made (without interest) to the can-
nabis enterprise on proof satisfactory to the Sec-
retary that the claimant cannabis enterprise has 
paid the tax on— 
‘‘(A) cannabis products withdrawn from the 
market by the claimant, or 
‘‘(B) such products lost (otherwise than by 
theft) or destroyed, by fire, casualty, or act of 
God, while in the possession or ownership of the 
claimant. 
‘‘(2) CANNABIS PRODUCTS LOST OR DESTROYED 
IN BOND.— 
‘‘(A) EXTENT
OF
LOSS
ALLOWANCE.—No tax 
shall be collected in respect of cannabis prod-
ucts lost or destroyed while in bond, except that 
such tax shall be collected— 
‘‘(i) in the case of loss by theft, unless the Sec-
retary finds that the theft occurred without con-
nivance, collusion, fraud, or negligence on the 
part of the proprietor of the cannabis produc-
tion facility, owner, consignor, consignee, bail-
ee, or carrier, or their employees or agents, 
‘‘(ii) in the case of voluntary destruction, un-
less such destruction is carried out as provided 
in paragraph (3), and 
‘‘(iii) in the case of an unexplained shortage 
of cannabis products. 
‘‘(B) PROOF OF LOSS.—In any case in which 
cannabis products are lost or destroyed, whether 
by theft or otherwise, the Secretary may require 
the proprietor of a cannabis production facility 
or other person liable for the tax to file a claim 
for relief from the tax and submit proof as to the 
cause of such loss. In every case where it ap-
pears that the loss was by theft, the burden 
shall be upon the proprietor of the cannabis 
production facility or other person responsible 
for the tax under section 5901 to establish to the 
satisfaction of the Secretary that such loss did 
not occur as the result of connivance, collusion, 
fraud, or negligence on the part of the propri-
etor of the cannabis production facility, owner, 
consignor, consignee, bailee, or carrier, or their 
employees or agents. 
‘‘(C) REFUND OF TAX.—In any case where the 
tax would not be collectible by virtue of sub-
paragraph (A), but such tax has been paid, the 
Secretary shall refund such tax. 
‘‘(D) LIMITATIONS.—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (E), no tax shall be abated, remit-
ted, credited, or refunded under this paragraph 
where the loss occurred after the tax was deter-
mined. The abatement, remission, credit, or re-
fund of taxes provided for by subparagraphs (A) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
10:56 Dec 07, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00006
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\A04DE7.001
H04DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 5-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6823 
December 4, 2020 
and (C) in the case of loss of cannabis products 
by theft shall only be allowed to the extent that 
the claimant is not indemnified against or rec-
ompensed in respect of the tax for such loss. 
‘‘(E) APPLICABILITY.—The provisions of this 
paragraph shall extend to and apply in respect 
of cannabis products lost after the tax was de-
termined and before completion of the physical 
removal of the cannabis products from the bond-
ed premises. 
‘‘(3) VOLUNTARY
DESTRUCTION.—The propri-
etor of a cannabis production facility or other 
persons liable for the tax imposed by this chap-
ter or by section 7652 with respect to any can-
nabis product in bond may voluntarily destroy 
such products, but only if such destruction is 
under such supervision and under such regula-
tions as the Secretary may prescribe. 
‘‘(4) LIMITATION.—Any claim for credit or re-
fund of tax under this subsection shall be filed 
within 6 months after the date of the with-
drawal from the market, loss, or destruction of 
the products to which the claim relates, and 
shall be in such form and contain such informa-
tion as the Secretary shall by regulations pre-
scribe. 
‘‘(b) DRAWBACK OF TAX.—There shall be an 
allowance of drawback of tax paid on cannabis 
products, when shipped from the United States, 
in accordance with such regulations and upon 
the filing of such bond as the Secretary shall 
prescribe. 
‘‘Subchapter B—Occupational Tax 
‘‘Sec. 5911. Imposition and rate of tax. 
‘‘Sec. 5912. Payment of tax. 
‘‘Sec. 5913. Provisions relating to liability for 
occupational taxes. 
‘‘Sec. 5914. Application to State laws. 
‘‘SEC. 5911. IMPOSITION AND RATE OF TAX. 
‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—Any person engaged in 
business as a producer or an export warehouse 
proprietor shall pay a tax of $1,000 per year (re-
ferred to in this subchapter as an ‘occupational 
tax’) in respect of each premises at which such 
business is carried on. 
‘‘(b) PENALTY FOR FAILURE TO REGISTER.— 
Any person engaged in business as a producer 
or an export warehouse proprietor who willfully 
fails to pay the occupation tax shall be fined 
not more than $5,000, or imprisoned not more 
than 2 years, or both, for each such offense. 
‘‘SEC. 5912. PAYMENT OF TAX. 
‘‘(a) CONDITION PRECEDENT TO CARRYING ON 
BUSINESS.—No person shall be engaged in or 
carry on any trade or business subject to the oc-
cupational tax until such person has paid such 
tax. 
‘‘(b) COMPUTATION.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—The occupational tax shall 
be imposed— 
‘‘(A) as of on the first day of July in each 
year, or 
‘‘(B) on commencing any trade or business on 
which such tax is imposed. 
‘‘(2) PERIOD.—In the case of a tax imposed 
under subparagraph (A) of paragraph (1), the 
occupational tax shall be reckoned for 1 year, 
and in the case of subparagraph (B) of such 
paragraph, it shall be reckoned proportionately, 
from the first day of the month in which the li-
ability to such tax commenced, to and including 
the 30th day of June following. 
‘‘(c) METHOD OF PAYMENT.— 
‘‘(1) PAYMENT BY RETURN.—The occupational 
tax shall be paid on the basis of a return under 
such regulations as the Secretary shall pre-
scribe. 
‘‘(2) STAMP DENOTING PAYMENT OF TAX.—After 
receiving a properly executed return and remit-
tance of any occupational tax, the Secretary 
shall issue to the taxpayer an appropriate stamp 
as a receipt denoting payment of the tax. This 
paragraph shall not apply in the case of a re-
turn covering liability for a past period. 
‘‘SEC. 5913. PROVISIONS RELATING TO LIABILITY 
FOR OCCUPATIONAL TAXES. 
‘‘(a) PARTNERS.—Any number of persons 
doing business in partnership at any one place 
shall be required to pay a single occupational 
tax. 
‘‘(b) DIFFERENT BUSINESSES OF SAME OWNER-
SHIP AND LOCATION.—Whenever more than one 
of the pursuits or occupations described in this 
subchapter are carried on in the same place by 
the same person at the same time, except as oth-
erwise provided in this subchapter, the occupa-
tional tax shall be paid for each according to 
the rates severally prescribed. 
‘‘(c) BUSINESSES
IN MORE THAN ONE LOCA-
TION.— 
‘‘(1) LIABILITY FOR TAX.—The payment of the 
occupational tax shall not exempt from an addi-
tional occupational tax the person carrying on 
a trade or business in any other place than that 
stated in the records of the Internal Revenue 
Service. 
‘‘(2) STORAGE.—Nothing contained in para-
graph (1) shall require imposition of an occupa-
tional tax for the storage of cannabis products 
at a location other than the place where such 
products are sold or offered for sale. 
‘‘(3) PLACE.— 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—For purposes of this sec-
tion, the term ‘place’ means the entire office, 
plant or area of the business in any one location 
under the same proprietorship. 
‘‘(B) DIVISIONS.—For purposes of this para-
graph, any passageways, streets, highways, rail 
crossings, waterways, or partitions dividing the 
premises shall not be deemed sufficient separa-
tion to require an additional occupational tax, 
if the various divisions are otherwise contig-
uous. 
‘‘(d) DEATH OR CHANGE OF LOCATION.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—In addition to the person 
who has paid the occupational tax for the car-
rying on of any business at any place, any per-
son described in paragraph (2) may secure the 
right to carry on, without incurring any addi-
tional occupational tax, the same business at 
the same place for the remainder of the taxable 
period for which the occupational tax was paid. 
‘‘(2) ELIGIBLE
PERSONS.—The persons de-
scribed in this paragraph are the following: 
‘‘(A) The surviving spouse or child, or execu-
tor or administrator or other legal representa-
tive, of a deceased taxpayer. 
‘‘(B) A husband or wife succeeding to the 
business of his or her living spouse. 
‘‘(C) A receiver or trustee in bankruptcy, or 
an assignee for benefit of creditors. 
‘‘(D) The partner or partners remaining after 
death or withdrawal of a member of a partner-
ship. 
‘‘(3) CHANGE OF LOCATION.—When any person 
moves to any place other than the place for 
which occupational tax was paid for the car-
rying on of any business, such person may se-
cure the right to carry on, without incurring ad-
ditional occupational tax, the same business at 
the new location for the remainder of the tax-
able period for which the occupational tax was 
paid. To secure the right to carry on the busi-
ness without incurring additional occupational 
tax, the successor, or the person relocating their 
business, must register the succession or reloca-
tion with the Secretary in accordance with reg-
ulations prescribed by the Secretary. 
‘‘(e) FEDERAL AGENCIES
OR INSTRUMENTAL-
ITIES.—Any tax imposed by this subchapter 
shall apply to any agency or instrumentality of 
the United States unless such agency or instru-
mentality is granted by statute a specific exemp-
tion from such tax. 
‘‘SEC. 5914. APPLICATION TO STATE LAWS. 
‘‘The payment of any tax imposed by this sub-
chapter for carrying on any trade or business 
shall not be held to— 
‘‘(1) exempt any person from any penalty or 
punishment provided by the laws of any State 
for carrying on such trade or business within 
such State, or in any manner to authorize the 
commencement or continuance of such trade or 
business contrary to the laws of such State or in 
places prohibited by municipal law, or 
‘‘(2) prohibit any State from placing a duty or 
tax on the same trade or business, for State or 
other purposes. 
‘‘Subchapter C—Bond and Permits 
‘‘Sec. 5921. Establishment and bond. 
‘‘Sec. 5922. Application for permit. 
‘‘Sec. 5923. Permit. 
‘‘SEC. 5921. ESTABLISHMENT AND BOND. 
‘‘(a) PROHIBITION ON PRODUCTION OUTSIDE OF 
BONDED CANNABIS PRODUCTION FACILITY.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—Except as authorized by the 
Secretary or on the bonded premises of a can-
nabis production facility duly authorized to 
produce cannabis products according to law, no 
cannabis product may planted, cultivated, har-
vested, grown, manufactured, produced, com-
pounded, converted, processed, prepared, or 
packaged in any building or on any premises. 
‘‘(2) AUTHORIZED PRODUCERS ONLY.—No per-
son other than a producer which has filed the 
bond required under subsection (b) and received 
a permit described in section 5923 may produce 
any cannabis product. 
‘‘(3) PERSONAL
USE
EXCEPTION.—This sub-
section shall not apply with respect the activi-
ties of an individual who is not treated as a pro-
ducer by reason of section 5902(b)(2)(B). 
‘‘(b) BOND.— 
‘‘(1) WHEN
REQUIRED.—Every person, before 
commencing business as a producer or an export 
warehouse proprietor, shall file such bond, con-
ditioned upon compliance with this chapter and 
regulations issued thereunder, in such form, 
amount, and manner as the Secretary shall by 
regulation prescribe. A new or additional bond 
may be required whenever the Secretary con-
siders such action necessary for the protection 
of the revenue. 
‘‘(2) APPROVAL OR DISAPPROVAL.—No person 
shall engage in such business until he receives 
notice of approval of such bond. A bond may be 
disapproved, upon notice to the principal on the 
bond, if the Secretary determines that the bond 
is not adequate to protect the revenue. 
‘‘(3) CANCELLATION.—Any bond filed here-
under may be canceled, upon notice to the prin-
cipal on the bond, whenever the Secretary deter-
mines that the bond no longer adequately pro-
tects the revenue. 
‘‘SEC. 5922. APPLICATION FOR PERMIT. 
‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—Every person, before com-
mencing business as a cannabis enterprise, and 
at such other time as the Secretary shall by reg-
ulation prescribe, shall make application for the 
permit provided for in section 5923. The applica-
tion shall be in such form as the Secretary shall 
prescribe and shall set forth, truthfully and ac-
curately, the information called for on the form. 
Such application may be rejected and the permit 
denied if the Secretary, after notice and oppor-
tunity for hearing, finds that— 
‘‘(1) the premises on which it is proposed to 
conduct the cannabis enterprise are not ade-
quate to protect the revenue, or 
‘‘(2) such person (including, in the case of a 
corporation, any officer, director, or principal 
stockholder and, in the case of a partnership, a 
partner)— 
‘‘(A) is, by reason of their business experience, 
financial standing, or trade connections or by 
reason of previous or current legal proceedings 
involving a felony violation of any other provi-
sion of Federal or State criminal law relating to 
cannabis or cannabis products, not likely to 
maintain operations in compliance with this 
chapter, or 
‘‘(B) has failed to disclose any material infor-
mation required or made any material false 
statement in the application therefor. 
‘‘SEC. 5923. PERMIT. 
‘‘(a) ISSUANCE.—A person shall not engage in 
business as a cannabis enterprise without a per-
mit to engage in such business. Such permit, 
conditioned upon compliance with this chapter 
and regulations issued thereunder, shall be 
issued in such form and in such manner as the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
10:56 Dec 07, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00007
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\A04DE7.001
H04DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 6-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6824 
December 4, 2020 
Secretary shall by regulation prescribe. A new 
permit may be required at such other time as the 
Secretary shall by regulation prescribe. 
‘‘(b) SUSPENSION OR REVOCATION.— 
‘‘(1) SHOW CAUSE HEARING.—If the Secretary 
has reason to believe that any person holding a 
permit— 
‘‘(A) has not in good faith complied with this 
chapter, or with any other provision of this title 
involving intent to defraud, 
‘‘(B) has violated the conditions of such per-
mit, 
‘‘(C) has failed to disclose any material infor-
mation required or made any material false 
statement in the application for such permit, 
‘‘(D) has failed to maintain their premises in 
such manner as to protect the revenue, or 
‘‘(E) is, by reason of previous or current legal 
proceedings involving a felony violation of any 
other provision of Federal or State criminal law 
relating to cannabis, not likely to maintain op-
erations in compliance with this chapter, 
the Secretary shall issue an order, stating the 
facts charged, citing such person to show cause 
why their permit should not be suspended or re-
voked. 
‘‘(2) ACTION
FOLLOWING
HEARING.—If, after 
hearing, the Secretary finds that such person 
has not shown cause why their permit should 
not be suspended or revoked, such permit shall 
be suspended for such period as the Secretary 
deems proper or shall be revoked. 
‘‘(c) INFORMATION REPORTING.—The Secretary 
may require— 
‘‘(1) information reporting by any person 
issued a permit under this section, and 
‘‘(2) information reporting by such other per-
sons as the Secretary deems necessary to carry 
out this chapter. 
‘‘(d) INSPECTION OR DISCLOSURE OF INFORMA-
TION.—For rules relating to inspection and dis-
closure of returns and return information, see 
section 6103(o). 
‘‘Subchapter D—Operations 
‘‘Sec. 5931. Inventories, reports, and records. 
‘‘Sec. 5932. Packaging and labeling. 
‘‘Sec. 5933. Purchase, receipt, possession, or 
sale of cannabis products after re-
moval. 
‘‘Sec. 5934. Restrictions relating to marks, la-
bels, notices, and packages. 
‘‘Sec. 5935. Restriction on importation of pre-
viously exported cannabis prod-
ucts. 
‘‘SEC. 
5931. 
INVENTORIES, 
REPORTS, 
AND 
RECORDS. 
‘‘Every cannabis enterprise shall— 
‘‘(1) make a true and accurate inventory at 
the time of commencing business, at the time of 
concluding business, and at such other times, in 
such manner and form, and to include such 
items, as the Secretary shall by regulation pre-
scribe, with such inventories to be subject to 
verification by any internal revenue officer, 
‘‘(2) make reports containing such informa-
tion, in such form, at such times, and for such 
periods as the Secretary shall by regulation pre-
scribe, and 
‘‘(3) keep such records in such manner as the 
Secretary shall by regulation prescribe, with 
such records to be available for inspection by 
any internal revenue officer during business 
hours. 
‘‘SEC. 5932. PACKAGING AND LABELING. 
‘‘(a) PACKAGES.—All cannabis products shall, 
before removal, be put up in such packages as 
the Secretary shall by regulation prescribe. 
‘‘(b) MARKS, LABELS, AND NOTICES.—Every 
package of cannabis products shall, before re-
moval, bear the marks, labels, and notices if 
any, that the Secretary by regulation prescribes. 
‘‘(c) LOTTERY FEATURES.—No certificate, cou-
pon, or other device purporting to be or to rep-
resent a ticket, chance, share, or an interest in, 
or dependent on, the event of a lottery shall be 
contained in, attached to, or stamped, marked, 
written, or printed on any package of cannabis 
products. 
‘‘(d) INDECENT OR IMMORAL MATERIAL PRO-
HIBITED.—No indecent or immoral picture, print, 
or representation shall be contained in, at-
tached to, or stamped, marked, written, or print-
ed on any package of cannabis products. 
‘‘(e) EXCEPTIONS.—Subject to regulations pre-
scribed by the Secretary, cannabis products may 
be exempted from subsections (a) and (b) if such 
products are— 
‘‘(1) for experimental purposes, or 
‘‘(2) transferred to the bonded premises of an-
other producer or export warehouse proprietor 
or released in bond from customs custody for de-
livery to a producer. 
‘‘SEC. 5933. PURCHASE, RECEIPT, POSSESSION, OR 
SALE 
OF 
CANNABIS 
PRODUCTS 
AFTER REMOVAL. 
‘‘(a) RESTRICTION.—No person shall— 
‘‘(1) with intent to defraud the United States, 
purchase, receive, possess, offer for sale, or sell 
or otherwise dispose of, after removal, any can-
nabis products— 
‘‘(A) upon which the tax has not been paid or 
determined in the manner and at the time pre-
scribed by this chapter or regulations there-
under, or 
‘‘(B) which, after removal without payment of 
tax pursuant to section 5904(a), have been di-
verted from the applicable purpose or use speci-
fied in that section, 
‘‘(2) with intent to defraud the United States, 
purchase, receive, possess, offer for sale, or sell 
or otherwise dispose of, after removal, any can-
nabis products which are not put up in pack-
ages as required under section 5932 or which are 
put up in packages not bearing the marks, la-
bels, and notices, as required under such sec-
tion, or 
‘‘(3) otherwise than with intent to defraud the 
United States, purchase, receive, possess, offer 
for sale, or sell or otherwise dispose of, after re-
moval, any cannabis products which are not put 
up in packages as required under section 5932 or 
which are put up in packages not bearing the 
marks, labels, and notices, as required under 
such section. 
‘‘(b) EXCEPTION.—Paragraph (3) of subsection 
(a) shall not prevent the sale or delivery of can-
nabis products directly to consumers from prop-
er packages, nor apply to such articles when so 
sold or delivered. 
‘‘(c) LIABILITY TO TAX.—Any person who pos-
sesses cannabis products in violation of para-
graph (1) or (2) of subsection (a) shall be liable 
for a tax equal to the tax on such articles. 
‘‘SEC. 5934. RESTRICTIONS RELATING TO MARKS, 
LABELS, NOTICES, AND PACKAGES. 
‘‘No person shall, with intent to defraud the 
United States, destroy, obliterate, or detach any 
mark, label, or notice prescribed or authorized, 
by this chapter or regulations thereunder, to ap-
pear on, or be affixed to, any package of can-
nabis products before such package is emptied. 
‘‘SEC. 5935. RESTRICTION ON IMPORTATION OF 
PREVIOUSLY EXPORTED CANNABIS 
PRODUCTS. 
‘‘(a) EXPORT LABELED CANNABIS PRODUCTS.— 
‘‘(1) IN
GENERAL.—Cannabis products pro-
duced in the United States and labeled for ex-
portation under this chapter— 
‘‘(A) may be transferred to or removed from 
the premises of a producer or an export ware-
house proprietor only if such articles are being 
transferred or removed without tax in accord-
ance with section 5904, 
‘‘(B) may be imported or brought into the 
United States, after their exportation, only if 
such articles either are eligible to be released 
from customs custody with the partial duty ex-
emption provided in section 5904(d) or are re-
turned to the original producer of such article 
as provided in section 5904(c), and 
‘‘(C) may not be sold or held for sale for do-
mestic consumption in the United States unless 
such articles are removed from their export 
packaging and repackaged by the original pro-
ducer into new packaging that does not contain 
an export label. 
‘‘(2) ALTERATIONS
BY
PERSONS
OTHER
THAN 
ORIGINAL PRODUCER.—This section shall apply 
to articles labeled for export even if the pack-
aging or the appearance of such packaging to 
the consumer of such articles has been modified 
or altered by a person other than the original 
producer so as to remove or conceal or attempt 
to remove or conceal (including by the place-
ment of a sticker over) any export label. 
‘‘(3) EXPORTS INCLUDE SHIPMENTS TO PUERTO 
RICO.—For purposes of this section, section 
5904(d), section 5941, and such other provisions 
as the Secretary may specify by regulations, ref-
erences to exportation shall be treated as includ-
ing a reference to shipment to the Common-
wealth of Puerto Rico. 
‘‘(b) EXPORT LABEL.—For purposes of this 
section, an article is labeled for export or con-
tains an export label if it bears the mark, label, 
or notice required under section 5904(b). 
‘‘Subchapter E—Penalties 
‘‘Sec. 5941. Civil penalties. 
‘‘Sec. 5942. Criminal penalties. 
‘‘SEC. 5941. CIVIL PENALTIES. 
‘‘(a) OMITTING THINGS REQUIRED
OR DOING 
THINGS FORBIDDEN.—Whoever willfully omits, 
neglects, or refuses to comply with any duty im-
posed upon them by this chapter, or to do, or 
cause to be done, any of the things required by 
this chapter, or does anything prohibited by this 
chapter, shall in addition to any other penalty 
provided in this title, be liable to a penalty of 
$10,000, to be recovered, with costs of suit, in a 
civil action, except where a penalty under sub-
section (b) or (c) or under section 6651 or 6653 or 
part II of subchapter A of chapter 68 may be 
collected from such person by assessment. 
‘‘(b) FAILURE TO PAY TAX.—Whoever fails to 
pay any tax imposed by this chapter at the time 
prescribed by law or regulations, shall, in addi-
tion to any other penalty provided in this title, 
be liable to a penalty of 10 percent of the tax 
due but unpaid. 
‘‘(c) SALE OF CANNABIS OR CANNABIS PROD-
UCTS FOR EXPORT.— 
‘‘(1) Every person who sells, relands, or re-
ceives within the jurisdiction of the United 
States any cannabis products which have been 
labeled or shipped for exportation under this 
chapter, 
‘‘(2) every person who sells or receives such re-
landed cannabis products, and 
‘‘(3) every person who aids or abets in such 
selling, relanding, or receiving, 
shall, in addition to the tax and any other pen-
alty provided in this title, be liable for a penalty 
equal to the greater of $10,000 or 10 times the 
amount of the tax imposed by this chapter. All 
cannabis products relanded within the jurisdic-
tion of the United States shall be forfeited to the 
United States and destroyed. All vessels, vehi-
cles, and aircraft used in such relanding or in 
removing such cannabis products from the place 
where relanded, shall be forfeited to the United 
States. 
‘‘(d) APPLICABILITY
OF
SECTION
6665.—The 
penalties imposed by subsections (b) and (c) 
shall be assessed, collected, and paid in the 
same manner as taxes, as provided in section 
6665(a). 
‘‘(e) CROSS REFERENCES.—For penalty for fail-
ure to make deposits or for overstatement of de-
posits, see section 6656. 
‘‘SEC. 5942. CRIMINAL PENALTIES. 
‘‘(a) FRAUDULENT OFFENSES.—Whoever, with 
intent to defraud the United States— 
‘‘(1) engages in business as a cannabis enter-
prise without filing the application and obtain-
ing the permit where required by this chapter or 
regulations thereunder, 
‘‘(2) fails to keep or make any record, return, 
report, or inventory, or keeps or makes any false 
or fraudulent record, return, report, or inven-
tory, required by this chapter or regulations 
thereunder, 
‘‘(3) refuses to pay any tax imposed by this 
chapter, or attempts in any manner to evade or 
defeat the tax or the payment thereof, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
10:56 Dec 07, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00008
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\A04DE7.001
H04DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 7-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6825 
December 4, 2020 
‘‘(4) sells or otherwise transfers, contrary to 
this chapter or regulations thereunder, any can-
nabis products subject to tax under this chapter, 
or 
‘‘(5) purchases, receives, or possesses, with in-
tent to redistribute or resell, any cannabis prod-
uct— 
‘‘(A) upon which the tax has not been paid or 
determined in the manner and at the time pre-
scribed by this chapter or regulations there-
under, or 
‘‘(B) which, without payment of tax pursuant 
to section 5904, have been diverted from the ap-
plicable purpose or use specified in that section, 
shall, for each such offense, be fined not more 
than $10,000, or imprisoned not more than 5 
years, or both. 
‘‘(b) LIABILITY TO TAX.—Any person who pos-
sesses cannabis products in violation of sub-
section (a) shall be liable for a tax equal to the 
tax on such articles.’’. 
(c) STUDY.—Not later than 2 years after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, and every 5 
years thereafter, the Secretary of the Treasury, 
or the Secretary’s delegate, shall— 
(1) conduct a study concerning the character-
istics of the cannabis industry, including the 
number of persons operating cannabis enter-
prises at each level of such industry, the volume 
of sales, the amount of tax collected each year, 
and the areas of evasion, and 
(2) submit to Congress recommendations to im-
prove the regulation of the industry and the ad-
ministration of the related tax. 
(d) ANNUAL REPORTS REGARDING DETERMINA-
TION OF APPLICABLE RATES.—Not later than 6 
months before the beginning of each calendar 
year to which section 5901(a)(2) of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 (as added by this section) 
applies, the Secretary of the Treasury, or the 
Secretary’s delegate, shall make publicly avail-
able a detailed description of the methodology 
which the Secretary anticipates using to deter-
mine the applicable rate per ounce and the ap-
plicable rate per gram which will apply for such 
calendar year under section 5901(c)(2) of such 
Code. 
(e) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS.— 
(1) Section 6103(o)(1)(A) of the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘and 
firearms’’ and inserting ‘‘firearms, and cannabis 
products’’. 
(2) The table of chapters for subtitle E of such 
Code is amended by adding at the end the fol-
lowing new item: 
‘‘CHAPTER 56. CANNABIS PRODUCTS’’. 
(3) The table of sections for subchapter A of 
chapter 98 of such Code is amended by adding 
at the end the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 9512. Opportunity Trust Tund.’’. 
(f) EFFECTIVE DATE.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Except as otherwise provided 
in this subsection, the amendments made by this 
section shall apply to removals, and applica-
tions for permits under section 5922 of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986 (as added by sub-
section (b)), after 180 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act. 
(2) ESTABLISHMENT
OF
TRUST
FUND.—The 
amendment made by subsection (a) shall take ef-
fect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 6. OPPORTUNITY TRUST FUND PROGRAMS. 
(a) CANNABIS JUSTICE OFFICE; COMMUNITY RE-
INVESTMENT GRANT PROGRAM.— 
(1) CANNABIS JUSTICE OFFICE.—Part A of title 
I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets 
Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10101 et seq.) is amended 
by inserting after section 109 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 110. CANNABIS JUSTICE OFFICE. 
‘‘(a) ESTABLISHMENT.—There is established 
within the Office of Justice Programs a Can-
nabis Justice Office. 
‘‘(b) DIRECTOR.—The Cannabis Justice Office 
shall be headed by a Director who shall be ap-
pointed by the Assistant Attorney General for 
the Office of Justice Programs. The Director 
shall report to the Assistant Attorney General 
for the Office of Justice Programs. The Director 
shall award grants and may enter into com-
pacts, cooperative agreements, and contracts on 
behalf of the Cannabis Justice Office. The Di-
rector may not engage in any employment other 
than that of serving as the Director, nor may 
the Director hold any office in, or act in any ca-
pacity for, any organization, agency, or institu-
tion with which the Office makes any contract 
or other arrangement. 
‘‘(c) EMPLOYEES.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—The Director shall employ 
as many full-time employees as are needed to 
carry out the duties and functions of the Can-
nabis Justice Office under subsection (d). Such 
employees shall be exclusively assigned to the 
Cannabis Justice Office. 
‘‘(2) INITIAL HIRES.—Not later than 6 months 
after the date of enactment of this section, the 
Director shall— 
‘‘(A) hire no less than one-third of the total 
number of employees of the Cannabis Justice Of-
fice; and 
‘‘(B) no more than one-half of the employees 
assigned to the Cannabis Justice Office by term 
appointment that may after 2 years be converted 
to career appointment. 
‘‘(3) LEGAL COUNSEL.—At least one employee 
hired for the Cannabis Justice Office shall serve 
as legal counsel to the Director and shall pro-
vide counsel to the Cannabis Justice Office. 
‘‘(d) DUTIES AND FUNCTIONS.—The Cannabis 
Justice Office is authorized to— 
‘‘(1) administer the Community Reinvestment 
Grant Program; and 
‘‘(2) perform such other functions as the As-
sistant Attorney General for the Office of Jus-
tice Programs may delegate, that are consistent 
with the statutory obligations of this section.’’. 
(2) COMMUNITY
REINVESTMENT
GRANT
PRO-
GRAM.—Title I of the Omnibus Crime Control 
and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. et seq.) 
is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘PART OO—COMMUNITY REINVESTMENT 
GRANT PROGRAM 
‘‘SEC. 3052. AUTHORIZATION. 
‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—The Director of the Can-
nabis Justice Office shall establish and carry 
out a grant program, known as the ‘Community 
Reinvestment Grant Program’, to provide eligi-
ble entities with funds to administer services for 
individuals adversely impacted by the War on 
Drugs, including— 
‘‘(1) job training; 
‘‘(2) reentry services; 
‘‘(3) legal aid for civil and criminal cases, in-
cluding expungement of cannabis convictions; 
‘‘(4) literacy programs; 
‘‘(5) youth recreation or mentoring programs; 
and 
‘‘(6) health education programs. 
‘‘(b) SUBSTANCE USE DISORDER SERVICES.— 
The Director, in consultation with the Secretary 
of Health and Human Services, shall provide eli-
gible entities with funds to administer substance 
use disorder services for individuals adversely 
impacted by the War on Drugs or connect pa-
tients with substance use disorder services. Also 
eligible for such services are individuals who 
have been arrested for or convicted of the sale, 
possession, use, manufacture, or cultivation of a 
controlled substance other than cannabis (ex-
cept for a conviction involving distribution to a 
minor). 
‘‘SEC. 3053. FUNDING FROM OPPORTUNITY TRUST 
FUND. 
‘‘The Director shall carry out the program 
under this part using funds made available 
under section 9512(c)(1) and (2) of the Internal 
Revenue Code. 
‘‘SEC. 3054. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this part: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘cannabis conviction’ means a 
conviction, or adjudication of juvenile delin-
quency, for a cannabis offense (as such term is 
defined in section 13 of the Marijuana Oppor-
tunity Reinvestment and Expungement Act of 
2020). 
‘‘(2) The term ‘eligible entity’ means a non-
profit organization, as defined in section 
501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code, that is 
representative of a community or a significant 
segment of a community with experience in pro-
viding relevant services to individuals adversely 
impacted by the War on Drugs in that commu-
nity. 
‘‘(3) The term ‘individuals adversely impacted 
by the War on Drugs’ has the meaning given 
that term in section 6 of the Marijuana Oppor-
tunity Reinvestment and Expungement Act of 
2020’’.’’. 
(b) CANNABIS OPPORTUNITY PROGRAM; EQUI-
TABLE LICENSING GRANT PROGRAM.— 
(1) CANNABIS
OPPORTUNITY
PROGRAM.—The 
Administrator of the Small Business Administra-
tion shall establish and carry out a program, to 
be known as the ‘‘Cannabis Opportunity Pro-
gram’’ to provide any eligible State or locality 
funds to make loans under section 7(m) of the 
Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 363(m)) to assist 
small business concerns owned and controlled 
by socially and economically disadvantaged in-
dividuals, as defined in section 8(d)(3)(C) of the 
Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(d)(3)(C)) that 
operate in the cannabis industry. 
(2) EQUITABLE LICENSING GRANT PROGRAM.— 
The Administrator of the Small Business Admin-
istration shall establish and carry out a grant 
program, to be known as the ‘‘Equitable Licens-
ing Grant Program’’, to provide any eligible 
State or locality funds to develop and implement 
equitable cannabis licensing programs that min-
imize barriers to cannabis licensing and employ-
ment for individuals adversely impacted by the 
War on Drugs, provided that each grantee in-
cludes in its cannabis licensing program at least 
four of the following: 
(A) A waiver of cannabis license application 
fees for individuals who have had an income 
below 250 percent of the Federal Poverty Level 
for at least 5 of the past 10 years who are first- 
time applicants. 
(B) A prohibition on the denial of a cannabis 
license based on a conviction for a cannabis of-
fense that took place prior to State legalization 
of cannabis or the date of enactment of this Act, 
as appropriate. 
(C) A prohibition on criminal conviction re-
strictions for licensing except with respect to a 
conviction related to owning and operating a 
business. 
(D) A prohibition on cannabis license holders 
engaging in suspicionless cannabis drug testing 
of their prospective or current employees, except 
with respect to drug testing for safety-sensitive 
positions under part 40 of title 49, Code of Fed-
eral Regulations. 
(E) The establishment of a cannabis licensing 
board that is reflective of the racial, ethnic, eco-
nomic, and gender composition of the State or 
locality, to serve as an oversight body of the eq-
uitable licensing program. 
(3) DEFINITIONS.—In this subsection: 
(A) The term ‘‘individual adversely impacted 
by the War on Drugs’’ means an individual— 
(i) who has had an income below 250 percent 
of the Federal Poverty Level for at least 5 of the 
past 10 years; and 
(ii) has been arrested for or convicted of the 
sale, possession, use, manufacture, or cultiva-
tion of cannabis (except for a conviction involv-
ing distribution to a minor), or whose parent, 
sibling, spouse, or child has been arrested for or 
convicted of such an offense. 
(B) The term ‘‘eligible State or locality’’ 
means a State or locality that has taken steps 
to— 
(i) create an automatic process, at no cost to 
the individual, for the expungement, destruc-
tion, or sealing of criminal records for cannabis 
offenses; and 
(ii) eliminate violations or other penalties for 
persons under parole, probation, pre-trial, or 
other State or local criminal supervision for a 
cannabis offense. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
10:56 Dec 07, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00009
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\A04DE7.001
H04DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 8-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6826 
December 4, 2020 
(C) The term ‘‘State’’ means each of the sev-
eral States, the District of Columbia, Puerto 
Rico, any territory or possession of the United 
States, and any Indian Tribe (as defined in sec-
tion 201 of Public Law 90–294 (25 U.S.C. 1301) 
(commonly known as the ‘‘Indian Civil Rights 
Act of 1968’’)). 
SEC. 7. AVAILABILITY OF SMALL BUSINESS AD-
MINISTRATION 
PROGRAMS 
AND 
SERVICES 
TO 
CANNABIS-RELATED 
LEGITIMATE BUSINESSES AND SERV-
ICE PROVIDERS. 
(a) DEFINITIONS RELATING
TO CANNABIS-RE-
LATED
LEGITIMATE
BUSINESSES
AND
SERVICE 
PROVIDERS.—Section 3 of the Small Business Act 
(15 U.S.C. 632) is amended by adding at the end 
the following new subsection: 
‘‘(ff) CANNABIS-RELATED
LEGITIMATE
BUSI-
NESSES AND SERVICE PROVIDERS.—In this Act: 
‘‘(1) CANNABIS.—The term ‘cannabis’— 
‘‘(A) means all parts of the plant Cannabis 
sativa L., whether growing or not; the seeds 
thereof; the resin extracted from any part of 
such plant; and every compound, manufacture, 
salt, derivative, mixture, or preparation of such 
plant, its seeds or resin; and 
‘‘(B) does not include— 
‘‘(i) hemp, as defined in section 297A of the 
Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946; 
‘‘(ii) the mature stalks of such plant, fiber 
produced from such stalks, oil or cake made 
from the seeds of such plant, any other com-
pound, manufacture, salt, derivative, mixture, 
or preparation of such mature stalks (except the 
resin extracted therefrom), fiber, oil, or cake, or 
the sterilized seed of such plant which is in-
capable of germination; or 
‘‘(iii) any drug product approved under sec-
tion 505 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cos-
metic Act, or biological product licensed under 
section 351 of the Public Health Service Act. 
‘‘(2) 
CANNABIS-RELATED
LEGITIMATE
BUSI-
NESS.—The term ‘cannabis-related legitimate 
business’ means a manufacturer, producer, or 
any person or company that is a small business 
concern and that— 
‘‘(A) engages in any activity described in sub-
paragraph (B) pursuant to a law established by 
a State or a political subdivision of a State, as 
determined by such State or political sub-divi-
sion; and 
‘‘(B) participates in any business or organized 
activity that involves handling cannabis or can-
nabis products, including cultivating, pro-
ducing, manufacturing, selling, transporting, 
displaying, dispensing, distributing, or pur-
chasing cannabis or cannabis products. 
‘‘(3) SERVICE
PROVIDER.—The term ‘service 
provider’— 
‘‘(A) means a business, organization, or other 
person that— 
‘‘(i) sells goods or services to a cannabis-re-
lated legitimate business; or 
‘‘(ii) provides any business services, including 
the sale or lease of real or any other property, 
legal or other licensed services, or any other an-
cillary service, relating to cannabis; and 
‘‘(B) does not include a business, organiza-
tion, or other person that participates in any 
business or organized activity that involves han-
dling cannabis or cannabis products, including 
cultivating, producing, manufacturing, selling, 
transporting, displaying, dispensing, distrib-
uting, or purchasing cannabis or cannabis prod-
ucts.’’. 
(b) SMALL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT CENTERS.— 
Section 21(c) of the Small Business Act (15 
U.S.C. 648(c)) is amended by adding at the end 
the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(9) SERVICES FOR CANNABIS-RELATED LEGITI-
MATE
BUSINESSES
AND
SERVICE
PROVIDERS.—A 
small business development center may not de-
cline to provide services to an otherwise eligible 
small business concern under this section solely 
because such concern is a cannabis-related le-
gitimate business or service provider.’’. 
(c) WOMEN’S BUSINESS CENTERS.—Section 29 
of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 656) is 
amended by adding at the end the following 
new subsection: 
‘‘(p) SERVICES FOR CANNABIS-RELATED LEGITI-
MATE BUSINESSES AND SERVICE PROVIDERS.—A 
women’s business center may not decline to pro-
vide services to an otherwise eligible small busi-
ness concern under this section solely because 
such concern is a cannabis-related legitimate 
business or service provider.’’. 
(d) SCORE.—Section 8(b)(1)(B) of the Small 
Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(b)(1)(B)) is amended 
by adding at the end the following new sen-
tence: ‘‘The head of the SCORE program estab-
lished under this subparagraph may not decline 
to provide services to an otherwise eligible small 
business concern solely because such concern is 
a cannabis-related legitimate business or service 
provider.’’. 
(e) VETERAN BUSINESS OUTREACH CENTERS.— 
Section 32 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 
657b) is amended by adding at the end the fol-
lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(h) SERVICES FOR CANNABIS-RELATED LEGITI-
MATE BUSINESSES AND SERVICE PROVIDERS.—A 
Veteran Business Outreach Center may not de-
cline to provide services to an otherwise eligible 
small business concern under this section solely 
because such concern is a cannabis-related le-
gitimate business or service provider.’’. 
(f) 7(A) LOANS.—Section 7(a) of the Small 
Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(a)) is amended by 
adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(37) LOANS
TO
CANNABIS-RELATED
LEGITI-
MATE BUSINESSES AND SERVICE PROVIDERS.—The 
Administrator may not decline to provide a 
guarantee for a loan under this subsection to an 
otherwise eligible small business concern solely 
because such concern is a cannabis-related le-
gitimate business or service provider.’’. 
(g) DISASTER
LOANS.—Section 7(b) of the 
Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(b)) is amended 
by inserting after paragraph (15) the following 
new paragraph: 
‘‘(16) ASSISTANCE
TO
CANNABIS-RELATED
LE-
GITIMATE BUSINESSES AND SERVICE PROVIDERS.— 
The Administrator may not decline to provide 
assistance under this subsection to an otherwise 
eligible borrower solely because such borrower is 
a cannabis-related legitimate business or service 
provider.’’. 
(h) MICROLOANS.—Section 7(m) of the Small 
Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(m)) is amended by 
adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(14) ASSISTANCE
TO
CANNABIS-RELATED
LE-
GITIMATE BUSINESSES AND SERVICE PROVIDERS.— 
An eligible intermediary may not decline to pro-
vide assistance under this subsection to an oth-
erwise eligible borrower solely because such bor-
rower is a cannabis-related legitimate business 
or service provider.’’. 
(i) STATE OR LOCAL DEVELOPMENT COMPANY 
LOANS.—Title V of the Small Business Invest-
ment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 695 et seq.) is amend-
ed by adding at the end the following new sec-
tion: 
‘‘SEC. 511. LOANS TO CANNABIS-RELATED LEGITI-
MATE 
BUSINESSES 
AND 
SERVICE 
PROVIDERS. 
‘‘The Administrator may not decline to pro-
vide a guarantee for a loan under this title to 
an otherwise eligible State or local development 
company solely because such State or local de-
velopment company provides financing to an en-
tity that is a cannabis-related legitimate busi-
ness or service provider (as defined in section 
3(ff) of the Small Business Act).’’. 
SEC. 8. NO DISCRIMINATION IN THE PROVISION 
OF A FEDERAL PUBLIC BENEFIT ON 
THE BASIS OF CANNABIS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—No person may be denied 
any Federal public benefit (as such term is de-
fined in section 401(c) of the Personal Responsi-
bility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act 
of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1611(c))) on the basis of any 
use or possession of cannabis, or on the basis of 
a conviction or adjudication of juvenile delin-
quency for a cannabis offense, by that person. 
(b) SECURITY CLEARANCES.—Federal agencies 
may not use past or present cannabis or mari-
juana use as criteria for granting, denying, or 
rescinding a security clearance. 
SEC. 9. NO ADVERSE EFFECT FOR PURPOSES OF 
THE IMMIGRATION LAWS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—For purposes of the immi-
gration laws (as such term is defined in section 
101 of the Immigration and Nationality Act), 
cannabis may not be considered a controlled 
substance, and an alien may not be denied any 
benefit or protection under the immigration laws 
based on any event, including conduct, a find-
ing, an admission, addiction or abuse, an arrest, 
a juvenile adjudication, or a conviction, relating 
to cannabis, regardless of whether the event oc-
curred before, on, or after the effective date of 
this Act. 
(b) CANNABIS
DEFINED.—The term ‘‘can-
nabis’’— 
(1) means all parts of the plant Cannabis 
sativa L., whether growing or not; the seeds 
thereof; the resin extracted from any part of 
such plant; and every compound, manufacture, 
salt, derivative, mixture, or preparation of such 
plant, its seeds or resin; and 
(2) does not include— 
(A) hemp, as defined in section 297A of the 
Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946; 
(B) the mature stalks of such plant, fiber pro-
duced from such stalks, oil or cake made from 
the seeds of such plant, any other compound, 
manufacture, salt, derivative, mixture, or prepa-
ration of such mature stalks (except the resin 
extracted therefrom), fiber, oil, or cake, or the 
sterilized seed of such plant which is incapable 
of germination; or 
(C) any drug product approved under section 
505 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic 
Act, or biological product licensed under section 
351 of the Public Health Service Act. 
(c) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS
TO IMMIGRA-
TION AND NATIONALITY ACT.—The Immigration 
and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.) is 
amended— 
(1) in section 212(h), by striking ‘‘and sub-
paragraph (A)(i)(II) of such subsection insofar 
as it relates to a single offense of simple posses-
sion of 30 grams or less of marijuana’’; 
(2) in section 237(a)(2)(B)(i), by striking 
‘‘other than a single offense involving posses-
sion for one’s own use of 30 grams or less of 
marijuana’’; 
(3) in section 101(f)(3), by striking ‘‘(except as 
such paragraph relates to a single offense of 
simple possession of 30 grams or less of mari-
huana)’’; 
(4) in section 244(c)(2)(A)(iii)(II) by striking 
‘‘except for so much of such paragraph as re-
lates to a single offense of simple possession of 
30 grams or less of marijuana’’; 
(5) in section 245(h)(2)(B) by striking ‘‘(except 
for so much of such paragraph as related to a 
single offense of simple possession of 30 grams or 
less of marijuana)’’; 
(6) in section 210(c)(2)(B)(ii)(III) by striking ‘‘, 
except for so much of such paragraph as relates 
to a single offense of simple possession of 30 
grams or less of marihuana’’; and 
(7) in section 245A(d)(2)(B)(ii)(II) by striking 
‘‘, except for so much of such paragraph as re-
lates to a single offense of simple possession of 
30 grams or less of marihuana’’. 
SEC. 10. RESENTENCING AND EXPUNGEMENT. 
(a) EXPUNGEMENT OF NON-VIOLENT FEDERAL 
CANNABIS OFFENSE CONVICTIONS
FOR INDIVID-
UALS
NOT
UNDER
A
CRIMINAL
JUSTICE
SEN-
TENCE.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, each Fed-
eral district shall conduct a comprehensive re-
view and issue an order expunging each convic-
tion or adjudication of juvenile delinquency for 
a non-violent Federal cannabis offense entered 
by each Federal court in the district before the 
date of enactment of this Act and on or after 
May 1, 1971. Each Federal court shall also issue 
an order expunging any arrests associated with 
each expunged conviction or adjudication of ju-
venile delinquency. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
10:56 Dec 07, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00010
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\A04DE7.001
H04DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 9-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6827 
December 4, 2020 
(2) NOTIFICATION.—To the extent practicable, 
each Federal district shall notify each indi-
vidual whose arrest, conviction, or adjudication 
of delinquency has been expunged pursuant to 
this subsection that their arrest, conviction, or 
adjudication of juvenile delinquency has been 
expunged, and the effect of such expungement. 
(3) 
RIGHT
TO
PETITION
COURT
FOR 
EXPUNGEMENT.—At any point after the date of 
enactment of this Act, any individual with a 
prior conviction or adjudication of juvenile de-
linquency for a non-violent Federal cannabis of-
fense, who is not under a criminal justice sen-
tence, may file a motion for expungement. If the 
expungement of such a conviction or adjudica-
tion of juvenile delinquency is required pursu-
ant to this Act, the court shall expunge the con-
viction or adjudication, and any associated ar-
rests. If the individual is indigent, counsel shall 
be appointed to represent the individual in any 
proceedings under this subsection. 
(4) SEALED RECORD.—The court shall seal all 
records related to a conviction or adjudication 
of juvenile delinquency that has been expunged 
under this subsection. Such records may only be 
made available by further order of the court. 
(b) SENTENCING
REVIEW
FOR
INDIVIDUALS 
UNDER A CRIMINAL JUSTICE SENTENCE.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—For any individual who is 
under a criminal justice sentence for a non-vio-
lent Federal cannabis offense, the court that im-
posed the sentence shall, on motion of the indi-
vidual, the Director of the Bureau of Prisons, 
the attorney for the Government, or the court, 
conduct a sentencing review hearing. If the in-
dividual is indigent, counsel shall be appointed 
to represent the individual in any sentencing re-
view proceedings under this subsection. 
(2) POTENTIAL REDUCED RESENTENCING.—After 
a sentencing hearing under paragraph (1), a 
court shall— 
(A) expunge each conviction or adjudication 
of juvenile delinquency for a non-violent Fed-
eral cannabis offense entered by the court before 
the date of enactment of this Act, and any asso-
ciated arrest; 
(B) vacate the existing sentence or disposition 
of juvenile delinquency and, if applicable, im-
pose any remaining sentence or disposition of 
juvenile delinquency on the individual as if this 
Act, and the amendments made by this Act, 
were in effect at the time the offense was com-
mitted; and 
(C) order that all records related to a convic-
tion or adjudication of juvenile delinquency 
that has been expunged or a sentence or disposi-
tion of juvenile delinquency that has been va-
cated under this Act be sealed and only be made 
available by further order of the court. 
(c) EFFECT OF EXPUNGEMENT.—An individual 
who has had an arrest, a conviction, or juvenile 
delinquency adjudication expunged under this 
section— 
(1) may treat the arrest, conviction, or adju-
dication as if it never occurred; and 
(2) shall be immune from any civil or criminal 
penalties related to perjury, false swearing, or 
false statements, for a failure to disclose such 
arrest, conviction, or adjudication. 
(d) EXCEPTION.—An individual who at sen-
tencing received an aggravating role adjustment 
pursuant to United States Sentencing Guideline 
3B1.1(a) in relation to a Federal cannabis of-
fense conviction shall not be eligible for 
expungement of that Federal cannabis offense 
conviction under this section. 
(e) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘Federal cannabis offense’’ 
means an offense that is no longer punishable 
pursuant to this Act or the amendments made 
under this Act. 
(2) The term ‘‘expunge’’ means, with respect 
to an arrest, a conviction, or a juvenile delin-
quency adjudication, the removal of the record 
of such arrest, conviction, or adjudication from 
each official index or public record. 
(3) The term ‘‘under a criminal justice sen-
tence’’ means, with respect to an individual, 
that the individual is serving a term of proba-
tion, parole, supervised release, imprisonment, 
official detention, pre-release custody, or work 
release, pursuant to a sentence or disposition of 
juvenile delinquency imposed on or after the ef-
fective date of the Controlled Substances Act 
(May 1, 1971). 
(f) STUDY.—The Comptroller General of the 
United States, in consultation with the Sec-
retary of Health and Human Services, shall con-
duct a demographic study of individuals con-
victed of a Federal cannabis offense. Such study 
shall include information about the age, race, 
ethnicity, sex, and gender identity of those indi-
viduals, the type of community such users dwell 
in, and such other demographic information as 
the Comptroller General determines should be 
included. 
(g) REPORT.—Not later than 2 years after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Comp-
troller General of the United States shall report 
to Congress the results of the study conducted 
under subsection (f). 
SEC. 11. REFERENCES IN EXISTING LAW TO MARI-
JUANA OR MARIHUANA. 
Wherever, in the statutes of the United States 
or in the rulings, regulations, or interpretations 
of various administrative bureaus and agencies 
of the United States— 
(1) there appears or may appear the term 
‘‘marihuana’’ or ‘‘marijuana’’, that term shall 
be struck and the term ‘‘cannabis’’ shall be in-
serted; and 
(2) there appears or may appear the term 
‘‘Marihuana’’ or ‘‘Marijuana’’, that term shall 
be struck and the term ‘‘Cannabis’’ shall be in-
serted. 
SEC. 12. SEVERABILITY. 
If any provision of this Act or an amendment 
made by this Act, or any application of such 
provision to any person or circumstance, is held 
to be unconstitutional, the remainder of this 
Act, the amendments made by this Act, and the 
application of this Act and the amendments 
made by this Act to any other person or cir-
cumstance shall not be affected. 
SEC. 13. CANNABIS OFFENSE DEFINED. 
For purposes of this Act, the term ‘‘cannabis 
offense’’ means a criminal offense related to 
cannabis— 
(1) that, under Federal law, is no longer pun-
ishable pursuant to this Act or the amendments 
made under this Act; or 
(2) that, under State law, is no longer an of-
fense or that was designated a lesser offense or 
for which the penalty was reduced under State 
law pursuant to or following the adoption of a 
State law authorizing the sale or use of can-
nabis. 
SEC. 14. RULEMAKING. 
Unless otherwise provided in this Act, not 
later than 1 year after the date of enactment of 
this Act, the Department of the Treasury, the 
Department of Justice, and the Small Business 
Administration shall issue or amend any rules, 
standard operating procedures, and other legal 
or policy guidance necessary to carry out imple-
mentation of this Act. After the 1-year period, 
any publicly issued sub-regulatory guidance, in-
cluding 
any 
compliance 
guides, 
manuals, 
advisories and notices, may not be issued with-
out 60-day notice to appropriate congressional 
committees. Notice shall include a description 
and justification for additional guidance. 
SEC. 15. SOCIETAL IMPACT OF MARIJUANA LE-
GALIZATION STUDY. 
The Comptroller General of the United States 
shall, not later than 2 years after the date of en-
actment of this Act, provide to Congress a study 
that addresses the societal impact of the legal-
ization of recreational cannabis by States, in-
cluding— 
(1) sick days reported to employers; 
(2) workers compensations claims; 
(3) tax revenue remitted to States resulting 
from legal marijuana sales; 
(4) changes in government spending related to 
enforcement actions and court proceedings; 
(5) Federal welfare assistance applications; 
(6) rate of arrests related to methamphetamine 
possession; 
(7) hospitalization rates related to meth-
amphetamine and narcotics use; 
(8) uses of marijuana and its byproducts for 
medical purposes; 
(9) uses of marijuana and its byproducts for 
purposes relating to the health, including the 
mental health, of veterans; 
(10) arrest rates of individuals driving under 
the influence or driving while intoxicated by 
marijuana; 
(11) traffic-related deaths and injuries where 
the driver is impaired by marijuana; 
(12) arrest of minors for marijuana-related 
charges; 
(13) violent crime rates; 
(14) school suspensions, expulsions, and law 
enforcement referrals that are marijuana-re-
lated; 
(15) high school dropout rates; 
(16) changes in district-wide and State-wide 
standardized test scores; 
(17) marijuana-related hospital admissions 
and poison control calls; 
(18) marijuana-related juvenile admittances 
into substance rehabilitation facilities and men-
tal health clinics; 
(19) diversion of marijuana into neighboring 
States and drug seizures in neighboring States; 
(20) marijuana plants grown on public lands 
in contravention to Federal and State laws; and 
(21) court filings under a State’s organized 
crime statutes. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill, 
as amended, shall be debatable for 1 
hour equally divided among and con-
trolled by the chair and ranking minor-
ity member of the Committee on the 
Judiciary. 
The gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. 
JACKSON LEE) and the gentleman from 
Ohio (Mr. JORDAN) each will control 30 
minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Texas. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I really appreciate and 
find relief in the opportunity to speak 
on behalf of H.R. 3884, the Marijuana 
Opportunity 
Reinvestment 
and 
Expungement Act of 2020, or the MORE 
Act of 2020. 
I have great determination for the 
American people who, with a majority 
of Democrats and Republicans, under-
stand the importance of the MORE 
Act, and I believe it is important to 
pass a long overdue measure, and I en-
courage the rest of my colleagues to do 
so as well. 
I don’t rise today to promote drug 
use. I don’t rise today to harm those 
young people who are in the beginning 
of their life. 
I do not rise today to undermine law 
enforcement. In fact, in speaking to a 
representative of the law enforcement 
community, detailing this legislation, 
there was a great relief and under-
standing of the fairness and the justice 
that would be rendered with the pas-
sage of the MORE Act. 
It has taken us a long time to get 
here, and I would like to take the op-
portunity to thank all of those who 
have made it possible for us to consider 
this bill today; in particular, my col-
league, our chairman on the House Ju-
diciary Committee, the author of this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
10:56 Dec 07, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00011
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A04DE7.001
H04DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 10-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6828 
December 4, 2020 
bill, Chairman JERRY NADLER. He has 
worked without ceasing on this legisla-
tion, as well as two very determined 
colleagues who have continued their 
advocacy, and they were particularly 
instrumental in getting us here, Con-
gresswoman BARBARA
LEE
and Con-
gressman EARL BLUMENAUER. 
To summarize the provisions of the 
MORE Act, they fall into two cat-
egories: First, simply, it would remove 
marijuana or cannabis from the list or 
schedule of Federally controlled sub-
stances. This means that, going for-
ward, individuals could no longer be 
prosecuted federally for marijuana of-
fenses. 
This does not mean that marijuana 
would now be legal in the entire United 
States, as some have tried to argue. It 
would simply remove the Federal Gov-
ernment from interfering with State 
laws and State structures in the busi-
ness of prosecuting marijuana cases 
and would leave the question of legal-
ity to the individual States. 
Those States choosing to decrimi-
nalize can do so without ongoing inter-
ference from the Federal Government; 
and those States that choose to con-
tinue to make marijuana illegal can 
continue to do so as well. 
Second, the bill would establish a 
taxation structured to collect a sales 
tax on marijuana which, over the 
course of 5 years, could increase from 5 
to 8 percent. The funds collected 
through this tax will be used to estab-
lish a trust to do good, to reinvest in 
communities ravaged by the war on 
drugs. I know it firsthand, by living 
and growing up in those communities, 
those communities of color and those 
communities beyond. 
What I would also say is it would 
bring banking a relief. Businesses who 
ultimately will come from this legisla-
tion, legally, will have the legal right 
and opportunity to secure legal bank-
ing relationships. The trust fund will 
be used for rehabilitation and re-entry 
programs in the Department of Justice 
and for programs in the Small Business 
Administration to ensure that the 
growing marijuana market is diverse 
and opens up opportunities for entre-
preneurship in communities that have 
been adversely impacted by the war on 
drugs. 
In the last week, in my community, 
a bright, young individual was killed 
because of marijuana, marijuana sales. 
A bright light, yes, was extinguished in 
a minute with violence. This is what 
we want to see eliminated. We want a 
government structure that saves lives. 
Finally, the bill would expunge and 
seal Federal marijuana arrests and 
convictions and resentence offenders as 
appropriate, a much-needed measure to 
try to undo the damage that has been 
done to our communities since mari-
juana was arbitrarily placed on the list 
of controlled substances back in 1970. 
The numbers are staggering but, 
most of all, the numbers are staggering 
with the imbalance of prosecution of 
African 
Americans 
and 
people 
of 
Latinx heritage, Hispanic heritage. 
What an imbalance. What a massive in-
fusion of incarceration across this Na-
tion. 
Thousands of men and women have 
suffered needlessly from the Federal 
criminalization of marijuana, particu-
larly in communities of color, and have 
born the burden of collateral con-
sequences for those ensnared in the 
criminal legal system that have dam-
aged our society across generations. 
This is unacceptable, and we must 
change our laws. 
It is time for Congress to catch up 
with the reforms that States have en-
acted. It is time for Congress to catch 
up with Americans. Thirty-six States, 
the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, 
and Guam have adopted laws allowing 
legal 
access 
to 
cannabis. 
Fifteen 
States, the District of Columbia, and 
the Northern Mariana Islands have 
adopted laws legalizing cannabis for 
adult recreational use. 
A total of 47 States have reformed 
their laws in one form or another per-
taining to cannabis, despite its Federal 
criminalization. 
The State legal cannabis industry al-
ready employs almost a quarter of a 
million people, and the Federal Gov-
ernment needs to get out of the way of 
State-level decisionmaking for their 
citizens. 
We need to open the door to research, 
better banking, and tax laws. We need 
to help fuel economic growth in this in-
dustry. We need to save lives. We need 
to help young people. We need to bring 
our Nation together. 
And we need to do this without con-
tinuing to spend Federal resources on 
criminalization and unjust incarcer-
ation for marijuana offenses. 
We need to pass the MORE Act. 
That is why I support it, and that is 
why I believe it is important for us to 
unify and support this bill today. And I 
ask my colleagues to do the same. 
Mr. Speaker, as a cosponsor of the legisla-
tion and a senior member of the Judiciary 
Committee, and its Subcommittee on Crime, 
Homeland Security, and Terrorism, I rise in 
strong support of H.R. 3884, the ‘‘Marijuana 
Opportunity Reinvestment and Expungement 
Act of 2020,’’ or ‘‘MORE Act of 2020.’’ 
I support this legislation because it accom-
plishes three very important things. 
First, it removes marijuana, or cannabis, 
from the list—or the schedule—of Federally 
controlled substances. 
This means that, going forward, individuals 
could no longer be prosecuted, federally, for 
marijuana offenses. 
To be clear, this does not mean that mari-
juana would now be legal in the entire United 
States—it would simply remove the Federal 
government from the business of prosecuting 
marijuana cases and would leave the question 
of legality to the individual States. 
States choosing to decriminalize can do so, 
without ongoing interference from the Federal 
government, and those states that choose to 
continue to make marijuana illegal can con-
tinue to do so, as well. 
Second, the bill sets up a taxation structure 
to collect a sales tax on marijuana, which, 
over the course of five years would increase 
from five to eight percent. 
The funds collected through this tax will be 
used to establish a trust fund to reinvest in 
communities ravaged by the War on Drugs 
and in communities of color. 
The trust fund will be used for rehabilitation 
and reentry programs in the Department of 
Justice and for programs in the Small Busi-
ness Administration to ensure that the bur-
geoning marijuana market is diverse and 
opens up opportunities for entrepreneurship in 
communities that have been adversely im-
pacted by the War on Drugs. 
Finally, the bill would expunge and seal 
Federal marijuana convictions and resentence 
offenders, as appropriate—a much-needed 
measure to try to undo the damage that has 
been done to our communities since mari-
juana was arbitrarily placed on the list of con-
trolled substances, back in 1970. 
Mr. Speaker, thousands of men and women 
have suffered needlessly from the federal 
criminalization of marijuana, particularly in 
communities of color, and have born the bur-
den of the collateral consequences for those 
ensnared in the criminal legal system that 
have damaged our society across generations. 
The racially disproportionate prosecution of 
marijuana offenses is, in fact, a real problem 
at the federal level, and is not just a problem 
at the state and local level. 
Data from the U.S. Sentencing Commission 
proves the prosecution of cannabis offenses at 
the federal level disproportionately affects mi-
nority communities. 
According to the U.S. Sentencing Commis-
sion, about 84 percent of the more than 2,000 
marijuana offenders who were federally sen-
tenced in 2018 were people of color. 
Only 11 percent were white, even though 
more than 60 percent of the U.S. population is 
white. 
This is unacceptable and we much change 
our laws. 
It is time for Congress to catch up with the 
times and the reforms that states are enacting. 
Thirty-six states, the District of Columbia, 
Puerto Rico, and Guam have adopted laws al-
lowing legal access to cannabis. 
Fifteen states, the District of Columbia, and 
the Northern Mariana Islands have adopted 
laws for legalizing cannabis for adult rec-
reational use. 
A total of 47 States have reformed their 
laws in one form or another pertaining to can-
nabis, despite its Federal criminalization. 
Mr. Speaker, the State legal-cannabis indus-
try already employs almost a quarter of a mil-
lion people and the federal government needs 
to get out of the way of state-level decision 
making for their citizens. 
We need to open the door to research, bet-
ter banking and tax laws, and we need to help 
fuel economic growth in this industry. 
And we need to do this without continuing to 
spend federal resources on criminalization and 
unjust incarceration for marijuana offenses. 
In short, Congress needs to pass the MORE 
Act. 
Mr. Speaker, I will address briefly why cer-
tain objections raised against the bill lack merit 
and should be disregarded. 
Some opponents propose merely re-sched-
uling marijuana (instead of descheduling it 
completely). 
I oppose rescheduling marijuana to a lower 
schedule, such as Schedule III, because that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
10:56 Dec 07, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00012
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\K04DE7.006
H04DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 11-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6829 
December 4, 2020 
would only benefit industry, as cannabis-re-
lated businesses could start receiving tax 
breaks that would be prohibited if cannabis re-
mained scheduled under Schedules I or II. 
Rescheduling marijuana would do absolutely 
nothing to address the problem of enforce-
ment of marijuana laws. 
The Controlled Substances Act does not 
distinguish among the different schedules for 
purposes of enforcement and this amendment 
does not even touch the penalties associated 
with marijuana—including draconian manda-
tory minimums. 
Keeping marijuana on the schedule of con-
trolled substances at all will only continue to 
exacerbate disparities in the criminal justice 
system and further entrench the issues cur-
rently presented by federal marijuana prohibi-
tion, VA doctors will continue to be prohibited 
from prescribing medical marijuana for suf-
fering veterans, and federal employees will still 
be subjected to random workplace drug test-
ing for off-the-job marijuana consumption. 
Next, let me address the misconception that 
decriminalization of marijuana at the federal 
level will lead to an increase in crime. 
In fact, there is every reason to believe it 
would be the exact opposite. 
Studies show that: 
1. Laws allowing adult use of marijuana are 
not associated with an uptick in overall crimi-
nal activity. 
2. Medical cannabis regulatory laws are not 
associated with an uptick in overall criminal 
activity. 
3. Retail cannabis facilities are not positively 
associated with increased criminality and may 
play a role in the prevention of certain crimes 
such as larceny. 
There is no need to anticipate that federal 
descheduling of marijuana will lead to more 
crime; states will still be allowed to leave in 
place their criminal laws and regulations re-
lated to marijuana, if they desire. 
Mr. Speaker, what is now largely a cash 
business will finally have access to banking, 
which will reduce the potential that lawfully 
compliant businesses become targets for 
crime. 
In fact, for this very reason, decriminalizing 
marijuana at the federal level will enhance 
public safety. 
Additionally, Mr. Speaker, veterans con-
sume marijuana at rates far higher than the 
general population, and many vets report sub-
stituting alcohol and prescription drugs with 
medicinal marijuana. 
Veterans often report using cannabis to 
treat symptoms of chronic pain and mood dis-
orders, like post-traumatic stress. In fact, mari-
juana used for medical purposes can help vet-
erans ease their reliance on prescription and 
non-prescription opioids for pain relief. 
And the clinical data support the use of can-
nabis 
treatment 
for 
these 
indications. 
Descheduling will allow VA doctors to pre-
scribe marijuana without fear of punishment, 
and it will allow the choice to be with doctors 
and patients, where it belongs. 
Descheduling marijuana, as this bill would 
do, will greatly benefit our veterans. 
Let me discuss briefly the expungement pro-
visions in the legislation. 
The expungement provisions relate only to 
marijuana offenses, which are not per se vio-
lent offenses. 
Punishment for other offenses committed si-
multaneously (or, for that matter, at any other 
time) would remain in place. 
In the past several years, Congress has un-
dertaken significant efforts to address the in-
justices inherent in our system of criminal jus-
tice. 
Criminal justice reform has been a bipar-
tisan pursuit. 
Expungement is a critical component of any 
legislation seeking to address the disparities in 
our criminal justice system. 
This is especially true in the context of mari-
juana arrests, prosecutions, and convictions, 
which 
disproportionately 
affect 
overcriminalized communities of color. 
These are the communities that today con-
tinue to suffer most from the consequences of 
our failed drug policies. 
There 
are 
two 
different 
kinds 
of 
expungement processes established by the 
MORE Act. 
For those individuals who are in prison on a 
marijuana conviction or still under some form 
of federal court supervision, expungement 
takes place by way of resentencing, under the 
watch of a federal judge who will reevaluate 
whether, based on the person’s conviction or 
convictions, it is appropriate to expunge or re-
calculate his or her sentence. 
For those individuals who have completely 
finished serving their sentences and are no 
longer under court supervision, expungement 
would help give them a fresh start—again, 
consistent with the principles of criminal justice 
reform we have espoused in a bipartisan man-
ner. 
The collateral consequences suffered by 
those with marijuana convictions are numer-
ous and vast and they are the direct result of 
the unfair and unwise placement of marijuana 
on Schedule I. 
We can help undo the harm by expunging 
federal marijuana convictions in the manner 
set forth in the MORE Act. 
Mr. Speaker, in voting to pass the MORE 
Act, this body will promoting public health and 
safety and delivering restorative justice. 
I urge all Members to join me in voting to 
pass H.R. 3884, the ‘‘Marijuana Opportunity 
Reinvestment and Expungement Act of 2020.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS, 
Washington, DC, February 19, 2020. 
Hon. JERROLD NADLER, 
Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
DEAR CHAIRMAN NADLER: I am writing to 
you concerning H.R. 3884, the ‘‘Marijuana 
Opportunity 
Reinvestment 
and 
Expungement Act of 2019.’’ Thank you for 
consulting with the Committee on Small 
Business regarding the matters in H.R. 3884 
that fall within the Committee’s jurisdic-
tion. 
As a result of your consultation with us on 
this measure and in order to expeditiously 
move the bill to the floor, I forego further 
consideration of H.R. 3884. The Committee 
on Small Business takes this action with our 
mutual understanding that we do not waive 
any jurisdiction over the subject matter con-
tained in this or similar legislation, and the 
Committee will be appropriately consulted 
and involved as the bill or similar legislation 
moves forward so that we may address any 
remaining issues that fall within our juris-
diction. Further, I request your support for 
the appointment of an appropriate number of 
conferees from the Committee on Small 
Business 
during 
any 
House-Senate 
con-
ference involving this or similar legislation. 
Finally, I would appreciate your response 
to this letter confirming our understanding 
regarding H.R. 3884 and would ask that a 
copy of our exchange of letters on this mat-
ter be included in the Committee Report and 
the Congressional Record during floor con-
sideration of the measure. Thank you for the 
cooperative spirit in which you have worked 
regarding this matter and others between 
our respective committees. 
Sincerely, 
NYDIA M. VELA´ ZQUEZ, 
Chairwoman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY, 
Washington, DC, July 13, 2020. 
Hon. NYDIA M. VELA´ ZQUEZ, 
Chairwoman, Committee on Small Business, 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
DEAR CHAIRWOMAN VELA´ ZQUEZ: I am writ-
ing to you concerning H.R. 3884, the ‘‘Mari-
juana 
Opportunity 
Reinvestment 
and 
Expungement Act of 2019’’ (the ‘‘MORE Act 
of 2019’’). You wrote me a letter concerning 
this legislation on February 19, 2020. 
I appreciate your willingness to work coop-
eratively on this legislation. I recognize that 
the bill contains provisions that fall within 
the jurisdiction of the Committee on Small 
Business. I acknowledge that your Com-
mittee will not formally consider H.R. 3884 
and agree that the inaction of your Com-
mittee with respect to the bill does not 
waive any future jurisdictional claim over 
the matters contained in H.R. 3884 which fall 
within your Committee’s Rule X jurisdic-
tion. 
I will ensure that our exchange of letters is 
included in the Congressional Record during 
floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate 
your cooperation regarding this legislation 
and look forward to continuing to work with 
you as this measure moves through the legis-
lative process. 
Sincerely, 
JERROLD NADLER, 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
COMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND REFORM, 
Washington, DC, September 21, 2020. 
Hon. JERROLD NADLER, 
Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
DEAR CHAIRMAN NADLER: I am writing to 
you concerning H.R. 3884, the Marijuana Op-
portunity Reinvestment and Expungement 
Act of 2019. There are certain provisions in 
the legislation which fall within the Rule X 
jurisdiction of the Committee on Oversight 
and Reform. 
In the interest of permitting your Com-
mittee to proceed expeditiously on this bill, 
I am willing to waive this Committee’s right 
to sequential referral. I do so with the under-
standing that by waiving consideration of 
the bill, the Committee on Oversight and Re-
form does not waive any future jurisdic-
tional claim over the subject matters con-
tained in the bill which fall within its Rule 
X jurisdiction. I request that you urge the 
Speaker to name Members of this Committee 
to any conference committee which is named 
to consider such provisions. 
Please place this letter into the Congres-
sional Record during consideration of the 
measure on the House floor. Thank you for 
the cooperative spirit in which you have 
worked regarding this matter and others be-
tween our respective Committees. 
Sincerely, 
CAROLYN B. MALONEY, 
Chairwoman. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
10:56 Dec 07, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00013
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A04DE7.002
H04DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 12-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6830 
December 4, 2020 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY, 
Washington, DC, September 21, 2020. 
Hon. CAROLYN B. MALONEY, 
Chairwoman, Committee on Oversight and Re-
form, House of Representatives, Wash-
ington, DC. 
DEAR CHAIRWOMAN MALONEY: I am writing 
to you concerning H.R. 3884, the ‘‘Marijuana 
Opportunity 
Reinvestment 
and 
Expungement Act of 2019’’ (the ‘‘MORE Act 
of 2019’’). 
I appreciate your willingness to work coop-
eratively on this legislation. I recognize that 
the bill contains provisions that fall within 
the jurisdiction of the Committee on Over-
sight and Reform. I acknowledge that your 
Committee will not formally consider H.R. 
3884 and agree that the inaction of your 
Committee with respect to the bill does not 
waive any future jurisdictional claim over 
the matters contained in H.R. 3884 which fall 
within your Committee’s Rule X jurisdic-
tion. 
I will ensure that our exchange of letters is 
included in the Congressional Record during 
floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate 
your cooperation regarding this legislation 
and look forward to continuing to work with 
you as this measure moves through the legis-
lative process. 
Sincerely, 
JERROLD NADLER, 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
COMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES, 
Washington, DC, November 17, 2020. 
Hon. JERROLD NADLER, 
Chair, Committee on the Judiciary, 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
DEAR CHAIR NADLER: In recognition of the 
goal of expediting consideration of H.R. 3884, 
the ‘‘Marijuana Opportunity Reinvestment 
and Expungement Act of 2019,’’ the Com-
mittee on Natural Resources agrees to waive 
formal consideration of the bill as to provi-
sions that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction 
of the Committee on Natural Resources. 
The Committee on Natural Resources 
takes this action with the mutual under-
standing that, in doing so, we do not waive 
any jurisdiction over the subject matter con-
tained in this or similar legislation, and that 
the Committee will be appropriately con-
sulted and involved as the bill or similar leg-
islation moves forward so that we may ad-
dress any remaining issues within our juris-
diction. Our Committee also reserves the 
right to seek appointment of conferees to 
any House-Senate conference involving this 
or similar legislation. 
Thank you for agreeing to include our ex-
change of letters in the Congressional 
Record. I appreciate your cooperation re-
garding this legislation and look forward to 
continuing to work with you as this measure 
moves through the legislative process. 
Sincerely, 
RAU´ L M. GRIJALVA, 
Chair, House Natural Resources Committee. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY, 
Washington, DC, November 18, 2020. 
Hon. RAU´ L M. GRIJALVA, 
Chairman Committee on Natural Resources, 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
DEAR CHAIRMAN GRIJALVA: I am writing to 
you concerning H.R. 3884, the ‘‘Marijuana 
Opportunity Reinvestment and Expunge-
ment Act of 2019’’ (the ‘‘MORE Act of 2019’’). 
I appreciate your willingness to work coop-
eratively on this legislation. I recognize that 
the bill contains provisions that fall within 
the jurisdiction of the Committee on Natural 
Resources. I acknowledge that your Com-
mittee will not formally consider H.R. 3884 
and agree that the inaction of your Com-
mittee with respect to the bill does not 
waive any future jurisdictional claim over 
the matters contained in H.R. 3884 which fall 
within your Committee’s Rule X jurisdic-
tion. 
I will ensure that our exchange of letters is 
included in the Congressional Record during 
floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate 
your cooperation regarding this legislation 
and look forward to continuing to work with 
you as this measure moves through the legis-
lative process 
Sincerely, 
JERROLD NADLER, 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION AND LABOR, 
Washington, DC, November 24, 2020. 
Hon. JERROLD L. NADLER, 
Chairman, House Committee on the Judiciary, 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
DEAR
CHAIRMAN
NADLER: I write con-
cerning H.R. 3884, the Marijuana Oppor-
tunity Reinvestment and Expungement Act 
of 2019. This bill was primarily referred to 
the Committee on the Judiciary, and addi-
tionally to the Committee on Education and 
Labor. As a result of Leadership and the 
Committee on Judiciary having consulted 
with me concerning this bill generally, I 
agree to forgo formal consideration of the 
bill so the bill may proceed expeditiously to 
the House floor. 
The Committee on Education and Labor 
takes this action with our mutual under-
standing that by forgoing formal consider-
ation of H.R. 3884, we do not waive any juris-
diction over the subject matter contained in 
this or similar legislation, and we will be ap-
propriately consulted and involved as the 
bill or similar legislation moves forward so 
we may address any remaining issues within 
our Rule X jurisdiction. I also request that 
you support my request to name members of 
the Committee on Education and Labor to 
any conference committee to consider such 
provisions. 
Finally, I would appreciate a response con-
firming this understanding and ask that a 
copy of our exchange of letters on this mat-
ter be included in the committee report for 
H.R. 3884 or in the Congressional Record dur-
ing floor consideration thereof. 
Sincerely, 
ROBERT C. ‘‘BOBBY’’ SCOTT, 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY, 
Washington, DC, November 24, 2020. 
Hon. BOBBY SCOTT, 
Chairman, House Committee on Education and 
Labor, Washington, DC. 
DEAR CHAIRMAN SCOTT: I am writing to you 
concerning H.R. 3884, the ‘‘Marijuana Oppor-
tunity Reinvestment and Expungement Act 
of 2019’’ (the ‘‘MORE Act of 2019’’). 
I appreciate your willingness to work coop-
eratively on this legislation. I recognize that 
the bill contains provisions that fall within 
the jurisdiction of the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor. I acknowledge that your 
Committee will not formally consider H.R. 
3884 and agree that the inaction of your 
Committee with respect to the bill does not 
waive any future jurisdictional claim over 
the matters contained in H.R. 3884 which fall 
within your Committee’s Rule X jurisdic-
tion. 
I will ensure that our exchange of letters is 
included in the Congressional Record during 
floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate 
your cooperation regarding this legislation 
and look forward to continuing to work with 
you as this measure moves through the legis-
lative process. 
Sincerely, 
JERROLD NADLER, 
Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS, 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
Washington, DC, November 27, 2020. 
Hon. JERROLD NADLER, 
Chairman, Committee on Judiciary, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR CHAIRMAN NADLER: In recognition of 
the desire to expedite consideration of H.R. 
3884, the Marijuana Opportunity Reinvest-
ment and Expungement Act of 2019, the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means agrees to waive 
formal consideration of the bill as to provi-
sions that fall within the rule X jurisdiction 
of the Committee on Ways and Means. 
The Committee on Ways and Means takes 
this action with the mutual understanding 
that we do not waive any jurisdiction over 
the subject matter contained in this or simi-
lar legislation, and the Committee will be 
appropriately consulted and involved as the 
bill or similar legislation moves forward so 
that we may address any remaining issues 
within our jurisdiction. The Committee also 
reserves the right to seek appointment of an 
appropriate number of conferees to any 
House-Senate conference involving this or 
similar legislation. 
Finally, I would appreciate your response 
to this letter confirming this understanding 
and would ask that a copy of our exchange of 
letter on this matter be included in the Con-
gressional Record during floor consideration 
of H.R. 3884. 
Sincerely, 
RICHARD E. NEAL, 
Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY, 
Washington, DC, November 30, 2020. 
Hon. RICHARD NEAL, 
Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
DEAR CHAIRMAN NEAL: I am writing to you 
concerning H.R. 3884, the ‘‘Marijuana Oppor-
tunity Reinvestment and Expungement Act 
of 2019’’ (the ‘‘MORE Act of 2019’’). 
I appreciate your willingness to work coop-
eratively on this legislation. I recognize that 
the bill contains provisions that fall within 
the jurisdiction of the Committee on Ways 
and Means. I acknowledge that your Com-
mittee will not formally consider H.R. 3884 
and agree that the inaction of your Com-
mittee with respect to the bill does not 
waive any future jurisdictional claim over 
the matters contained in H.R. 3884 which fall 
within your Committee’s Rule X jurisdic-
tion. 
I will ensure that our exchange of letters is 
included in the Congressional Record during 
floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate 
your cooperation regarding this legislation 
and look forward to continuing to work with 
you as this measure moves through the legis-
lative process. 
Sincerely, 
JERROLD NADLER, 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE, 
Washington, DC, November 30, 2020. 
Hon. JERROLD NADLER, 
Chair, Committee on Judiciary, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR
CHAIRMAN
NADLER: I write con-
cerning H.R. 3884, the ‘‘Marijuana Oppor-
tunity Reinvestment and Expungemnent Act 
of 2019,’’ which was additionally referred to 
the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
In recognition of the desire to expedite 
consideration of H.R. 3884, the Committee on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
10:56 Dec 07, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00014
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A04DE7.005
H04DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 13-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6831 
December 4, 2020 
Energy and Commerce agrees to waive for-
mal consideration of the bill as to provisions 
that fall within the rule X jurisdiction of the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce. The 
Committee takes this action with the mu-
tual understanding that we do not waive any 
jurisdiction over the subject matter con-
tained in this or similar legislation, and that 
the Committee will be appropriately con-
sulted and involved as this bill or similar 
legislation moves forward so that we may 
address any remaining issues within our ju-
risdiction. I also request that you support 
my request to name members of the Com-
mittee on Energy and Commerce to any con-
ference committee to consider such provi-
sions. 
Finally, I would appreciate the inclusion of 
this letter into the Congressional Record 
during floor consideration of H.R. 3884. 
Sincerely, 
FRANK PALLONE, JR., 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY, 
Washington, DC. December 1, 2020. 
Hon. FRANK PALLONE, JR., 
Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
DEAR CHAIRMAN PALLONE: I am writing to 
you concerning H.R. 3884, the ‘‘Marijuana 
Opportunity 
Reinvestment 
and 
Expungement Act of 2019’’ (the ‘‘MORE Act 
of 2019’’). 
I appreciate your willingness to work coop-
eratively on this legislation. I recognize that 
the bill contains provisions that fall within 
the jurisdiction of the Committee on Energy 
and Commerce. I acknowledge that your 
Committee will not formally consider H.R. 
3884 and agree that the inaction of your 
Committee with respect to the bill does not 
waive any future jurisdictional claim over 
the matters contained in H.R. 3884 which fall 
within your Committee’s Rule X jurisdic-
tion. 
I will ensure that our exchange of letters is 
included in the Congressional Record during 
floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate 
your cooperation regarding this legislation 
and look forward to continuing to work with 
you as this measure moves through the legis-
lative process 
Sincerely, 
JERROLD NADLER, 
Chairman. 
Mr. JORDAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from the 
State of North Carolina (Mr. MURPHY), 
the good doctor. 
Mr. MURPHY of North Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today in opposition of 
H.R. 3884, the Marijuana Opportunity 
Reinvestment and Expungement Act. 
As a practicing physician for over 30 
years, this bill deeply troubles me, es-
pecially with its researched implica-
tions for our youth population. 
Marijuana is one of the most abused 
substances on this planet. And I will 
say, I am sympathetic to those who use 
marijuana for pain relief; I really am. 
It has been clinically proven to have 
activity in this area. 
That said: A July 2020 study from the 
National Library of Medicine con-
cluded that the THC component of can-
nabis can be the main culprit in psy-
chosis and schizophrenia. A 2018 study 
from Duke University, in fact, showed 
a 
five-time 
increase 
in 
psychosis 
among chronic cannabis users. 
The U.S. Surgeon General, Dr. Je-
rome Adams, agreed that there are se-
rious health risks associated with the 
use of marijuana in adolescence and in 
pregnancy. 
The bill fails to set any standards to 
prevent marijuana, THC concentrates, 
vaping products, or edibles from get-
ting into the hands of teenagers and 
young adults whose brains are still de-
veloping. 
The MORE Act doesn’t help prevent 
the distribution of marijuana to mi-
nors. It disrespects States’ rights, fails 
to prevent violence and the use of fire-
arms in growing and distributing mari-
juana and, lastly, it allows for the po-
tential of marijuana revenue to fund 
criminal organizations, gangs, or car-
tels. 
I have been to the border and have 
personally seen what smuggling oper-
ations this legislation might allow. 
Yes, legalizing weed would create 
revenue from taxes, but at what cost? 
Do we then start legalizing cocaine? 
Marijuana is a gateway drug; make 
no mistake about that. It undoubtedly 
leads to further and much more dan-
gerous drug use. 
And while I do believe that medical 
marijuana can have some activity in 
chronic pain or those with cancer, this 
bill simply goes way too far. I will vote 
against it on the House floor, and I 
urge my colleagues to do the same. 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-
bers may have 5 legislative days in 
which to revise and extend their re-
marks and insert extraneous material 
on H.R. 3884. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-
woman from Texas? 
There was no objection. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Mr. Speaker, marijuana is not a gate-
way drug. There is ample scientific evi-
dence demonstrating that the use of 
marijuana does not cause the use of 
other illicit substances. And according 
to the National Institute on Drug 
Abuse, the majority of people who are 
marijuana users do not go on to use 
other, harder substances. 
The bill does not have any provision 
to sell marijuana to children. 
Mr. Speaker, I am delighted to yield 
1 minute to the gentleman from Geor-
gia (Mr. JOHNSON), a distinguished 
member of the House Judiciary Com-
mittee. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise in support of the MORE Act. 
The war on drugs targeting commu-
nities of color, primarily, has resulted 
in the advent of the prison industrial 
complex that has fed on and consumed 
the lives of countless individuals and 
families. Too many Black and Brown 
children in our country have grown up 
without a parent because of govern-
ment-sponsored 
crony 
capitalism 
which saw profits and policies that put 
people in prison rather than dealing 
with drug abuse as a public health 
issue. 
The criminalization of marijuana was 
used to disenfranchise an entire gen-
eration of Black men and women. The 
MORE Act is an important step for-
ward toward more enlightened policy. I 
am proud to vote in favor of this bill, 
and I encourage my colleagues to do 
the same. 
Mr. JORDAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Florida 
(Mr. GAETZ). 
Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank the 
gentleman for yielding. 
The MORE Act is flawed. It uses can-
nabis policy to do a great deal of social 
engineering to create new taxes and 
new programs and redistribution of as-
sets. 
But I am here as the only Republican 
cosponsor of the MORE Act, and I am 
voting for it because the Federal Gov-
ernment has lied to the people of this 
country about marijuana for a genera-
tion. 
We have seen a generation, particu-
larly of Black and Brown youth, locked 
up for offenses that should not have re-
sulted in any incarceration whatso-
ever. 
I am also deeply troubled by the cur-
rent policy of the Federal Government 
that inhibits research into cannabis, 
research that could unlock cures and 
help people live better lives. 
My Republican colleagues today will 
make a number of arguments against 
this bill, but those arguments are over-
whelmingly losing with the American 
people. In every State where cannabis 
reform was on the ballot in this coun-
try, it passed. It passed with over-
whelming support. 
As a matter of fact, the only thing 
that I know that is more popular than 
getting out of the war on drugs is get-
ting out of the war in Afghanistan. But 
if we were measuring the success in the 
war on drugs, it would be hard to con-
clude anything other than the fact that 
drugs have won because the American 
people do not support the policies of in-
carceration, limited research, limited 
choice, and particularly constraining 
medical application. 
b 0930 
We are here in a time when many 
people in our country are suffering. 
They are in pain. It is documented that 
States with medical cannabis programs 
see a reduction in the prescribing of 
opioids and in the number of opioid 
abuses and deaths. We have held hear-
ings in the House Judiciary Committee 
where people in our government must 
confess that this is, in fact, true, that 
the more we give people access to med-
ical cannabis programs, the more we 
see a blunting of this horrible scourge 
of opioid addiction and opioid abuse. 
We talk all the time on the right 
about the need to empower people and 
empower States. Right now, the Fed-
eral policy on cannabis constrains our 
people. It limits our States. I would 
only hope that in the 117th Congress, 
after this bill invariably dies in the 
Senate, we will actually come back and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
10:56 Dec 07, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00015
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A04DE7.015
H04DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 14-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6832 
December 4, 2020 
pass the STATES Act because it ac-
knowledges that we have screwed this 
up in the Federal Government. 
While we have screwed it up, States 
have taken action. They have designed 
programs in the way that our great 
Federal system promises. If we were to 
pass the STATES Act, then best prac-
tices would emerge, States that devel-
oped applicable programs for their peo-
ple would be replicable, and we would 
see better policies. 
I am going to vote for the MORE Act. 
It won’t pass the Senate and it won’t 
become law, but then we should come 
back in the 117th Congress, and we 
should truly do more for our people. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Mr. Speaker, let me first thank the 
gentleman from Florida for making 
this a bipartisan bill. I thank him for 
his insight, and I know that we will 
have many opportunities to work to-
gether. 
I might add, if we pass the MORE 
Act, we will allow veterans, hospitals, 
and doctors to be engaged in research 
to help our returning soldiers and vet-
erans who are suffering from a variety 
of diseases that may be impacted by 
marijuana use. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentleman 
from 
New 
York 
(Mr. 
JEFFRIES), a distinguished member of 
the Judiciary Committee and chair of 
the Democratic Caucus. 
Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the distinguished gentlewoman from 
Texas for yielding. 
The failed war on drugs first began 
almost 50 years ago, when Richard 
Nixon 
declared 
drug 
abuse 
public 
enemy number one. At the time there 
were less than 200,000 people incarcer-
ated in America. Today, there are 2.3 
million, disproportionately Black and 
Latino. Many of those who have been 
incarcerated over the years were im-
prisoned for nonviolent drug offenses, 
including possession of marijuana. 
The United States incarcerates more 
people than any other country in the 
world. We have ruined lives, families, 
and communities. It is a stain on our 
democracy. 
The possession of marijuana is done 
in equal, if not greater, numbers by 
White Americans when compared to 
Black Americans. Yet in community 
after community after community, 
Blacks and Latinos make up approxi-
mately 75 to 80 percent of the arrests 
and prosecutions. 
How can that be? 
Marijuana use is either socially ac-
ceptable behavior or it is criminal con-
duct, but it can’t be socially acceptable 
behavior in some neighborhoods and 
criminal conduct in other neighbor-
hoods when the dividing line is race. 
That is why we must pass the MORE 
Act, decriminalize marijuana in Amer-
ica, and bring to light the principle of 
liberty and justice for all. 
Mr. JORDAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I was all over the State 
of Ohio in the recent campaign. I was 
all over the country. I was in Georgia, 
Florida, Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, and 
Texas, all over the place. Not once— 
not once—did an American citizen 
come up to me and say: Do you know 
what? The first thing I hope the Con-
gress does after this election, the first 
major piece of legislation I hope the 
Congress takes up after this election is 
to legalize marijuana. 
Not once did that happen. 
But this bill does more than that. 
This bill says it is not enough just to 
legalize marijuana. They want tax-
payers to pay for it. This bill sets up a 
grant program. This is the marijuana 
business infrastructure bill. It sets up 
an office in the Department of Jus-
tice—a special office in the Depart-
ment of Justice—for the marijuana in-
dustry. Grant dollars, taxpayer dollars 
are going to this industry. 
I didn’t have anyone tell me: Do you 
know what? I hope the first big bill the 
Democrats do after this session is to 
give my tax dollars to the marijuana 
industry. 
That is exactly what has happened 
here. But, frankly, this shouldn’t sur-
prise us. Think about what the Demo-
crats did earlier this week. Their first 
big hearing—actually, their first hear-
ing—since the election in the Judiciary 
Committee 
was 
Wednesday 
in 
the 
Crime, Terrorism, and Homeland Secu-
rity Subcommittee. It was a hearing 
about letting criminals out of prison 
early because of the COVID issue—let-
ting criminals out early in an environ-
ment where violent crime is increas-
ing. 
We know that, this summer, aggra-
vated assaults are up 14 percent and 
homicides are up 53 percent. Democrat 
mayors and city councils around the 
country in our major urban areas in 
that environment are defunding the po-
lice. So in that overall environment 
where homicides are up, aggravated as-
saults are up, and there are less cops 
on the street, they want to release 
criminals early. 
I want to read from a letter that Mr. 
NADLER and Congresswoman BASS sent 
to the Attorney General back in 
March: 
We urge you to use every tool at your dis-
posal to release as many prisoners as pos-
sible to protect from COVID–19. 
They go on to further to state—and 
this is the part that is scary: 
What you do with individuals who are high 
risk of contracting COVID–19, who are not in 
low- or minimum-security facilities, who 
have been convicted of serious offenses, we 
urge you to consider that even these individ-
uals in these categories be assessed for re-
lease. 
Mr. Speaker, so even the most vio-
lent criminals they were looking at 
and they were encouraging the Attor-
ney General to release on our streets. 
Oh, and just like with this marijuana 
bill, they want your tax dollars to pay 
for a grant program to the States to re-
lease criminals early—even the most 
violent criminals. In an environment 
where violent crime is up, where our 
Democrat mayors are defunding their 
police and taking cops off the street, 
they want to release criminals early 
and, oh, your tax dollars pay for it. Mr. 
Speaker, that is what they want to do. 
Now they say: Oh, by the way, it is 
not just enough that your tax dollars 
go to States to release criminals early 
in that environment when they are 
defunding the police and violent crime 
is up, we also want you to pay for the 
marijuana industry. 
You have got to be kidding me, Mr. 
Speaker. You have got to be kidding 
me. They started the week off having a 
hearing on paying States to release 
criminals out of our jails, and now they 
are going to end the week by saying 
that taxpayers pay for the marijuana 
industry. 
This is crazy. This is exactly what 
they want to do. Think about this for a 
second, Mr. Speaker. Think about a 
small business owner. Let’s just pick 
Portland. A small business owner in 
Portland, who paid their local taxes, 
who this summer had their business de-
stroyed because Democrat leaders in 
that city would not protect their busi-
ness, now Democrats in Congress are 
saying: Oh, we want your Federal tax 
dollars to be used to release criminals 
early and to buttress the marijuana in-
dustry. 
Such a deal for the taxpayer. That is 
what the Democrats have prioritized 
this week in the United States Con-
gress. It is ridiculous. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Mr. Speaker, it is interesting my 
good friend has been in different places 
than we have been in the House Judici-
ary Committee, but he remains my 
good friend. 
Obviously, our hearing this week was 
on the devastation of COVID–19 in the 
Nation’s Federal prisons, lives that are 
lost and lives that could be lost if 
strong structures are not put in place. 
That is our job. 
I think the other point that should be 
made is that we will be made safer by 
this legislation. I can’t explain to him 
the life that I have led, the neighbor-
hood that I lived in, the amazing loss 
of young lives over marijuana because 
it was illegal. As we watched not only 
the life lost in bloodshed, but the life 
lost in incarceration—imbalanced in-
carceration, huge sentences—the loss 
of opportunity, of college, of housing, 
and of jobs. 
We are crying out for relief. Interest-
ingly enough, two out of three Ameri-
cans say marijuana should be legal, in-
cluding a majority of both Democrats 
and Republicans. 
Finally, the taxation is on those who 
use marijuana. It is not on the small 
business person, it is on those who use 
and buy marijuana. So I hope that we 
can move forward on what the Amer-
ican people want us to do. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
10:56 Dec 07, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00016
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K04DE7.009
H04DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 15-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6833 
December 4, 2020 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. 
CICILLINE), 
who 
is 
a 
distinguished 
member of the House Judiciary Com-
mittee. 
Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, wars 
are costly, and the war on marijuana is 
no exception. This war has derailed 
lives. It has led to lost jobs and hous-
ing. It has torn families apart. The cost 
of the war on marijuana has dispropor-
tionately fallen on the backs of Blacks 
and Latino people. 
As White entrepreneurs across the 
country support their families by run-
ning 
businesses 
selling 
marijuana, 
many Black and Latino people are 
spending 
time 
behind 
bars 
and 
criminalized for doing the same. 
In Rhode Island, a Black person was 
3.3 times more likely to be arrested for 
possessing marijuana than a White per-
son in 2018, even though Black and 
White people use marijuana at similar 
rates. 
Immigrants have been deported sim-
ply for using marijuana in States that 
permit its use and despite never being 
convicted of a crime. 
Targeting 
low-level 
marijuana-re-
lated offenders with harsh penalties 
has done little to make our commu-
nities safer. The MORE Act ends the 
criminalization of marijuana. It pro-
tects the 36 States, including Rhode Is-
land, that have led the way on mari-
juana policy and legalized it for medic-
inal purposes. 
People convicted of marijuana-re-
lated charges are often denied access to 
social programs or even the ability to 
take out student loans to further their 
education and careers. The MORE Act 
helps fix that. 
This legislation redirects resources 
away from prosecution of marijuana 
and toward community investments 
and public health solutions. It estab-
lishes an opportunity trust fund that 
provides resources for those who have 
marijuana-related convictions, includ-
ing job training and substance abuse 
treatment. It moves us closer toward 
racial equity by allowing expungement 
of nonviolent marijuana convictions. 
The MORE Act provides restorative 
justice by providing SBA loans to as-
sist small businesses, especially small 
businesses controlled by socially and 
economically disadvantaged people. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman NAD-
LER for his leadership and for intro-
ducing the MORE Act. I am proud to be 
a cosponsor, and I urge my colleagues 
to vote in support of this historic legis-
lation. 
Mr. JORDAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I would just point out 
the American Medical Association put 
out a letter 2 days ago saying they op-
pose this legislation for the reasons 
that Dr. Murphy highlighted in his 
opening remarks. 
I would also just, again, point out 
what the Democrats on the Judiciary 
Committee did on Wednesday. It was 
about releasing criminals from prisons 
early. 
Again, just to read from the letter 
that the chairman of the Judiciary 
Committee sent to the Attorney Gen-
eral of the United States on March 30, 
2020, he says. . . . who have been convicted 
of serious offenses or who have high pattern 
risk scores, we urge you to consider that 
even these individuals in these categories be 
assessed for release. 
I don’t know how you can say it any 
plainer, Mr. Speaker. These are some of 
the most dangerous people in our Fed-
eral prison system. They wanted the 
Attorney General to look at releasing 
them into the public. That is how they 
started the week. They are going to 
end the week by decriminalizing mari-
juana and giving American tax dollars 
to businessowners to further the mari-
juana industry. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the 
gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. 
BISHOP). 
Mr. BISHOP of North Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, I thank the gentleman for 
yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, the gentlewoman from 
Texas’ comment that the MORE Act 
would make us safer calls for a specific 
response. 
As Representative JORDAN just said, 
the fact that the MORE Act is on the 
floor at this time epitomizes Demo-
crats’ misplaced priorities. But it also 
puts on display their inclination to 
reckless disregard of consequences. 
Just like the clarion call to defund 
the police, followed rapidly by aston-
ished surprise over the ensuing surge in 
violence, Democrats’ rush to legalize 
marijuana without any heed or re-
sponse to the rising epidemic of drug 
driving across the country would mean 
more dead and injured Americans on 
our highways. 
Consider this: since 2013, in Wash-
ington State, the number of fatal crash 
drivers who tested positive for THC has 
more than doubled. In Vermont, since 
2010, fatal crashes linked to marijuana 
use have skyrocketed by 173 percent 
following that State’s decriminaliza-
tion. Forty-seven percent of Orego-
nians who died in a car crash in 2018 
tested positive for marijuana, accord-
ing to the Oregon State Police. More 
Indiana drivers in deadly car crashes 
test positive for drugs than for alcohol. 
The data is clear: when governments 
liberalize marijuana laws, motorists 
and passengers die. 
b 0945 
Law enforcement tells us they lack a 
reliable roadside test to detect mari-
juana use or a uniform standard to 
measure marijuana toxicity, yet our 
defund-the-police Democrat colleagues 
rush to change the status quo across 
the entire country while refusing even 
to consider my commonsense amend-
ment that would require the Depart-
ment of Transportation to develop and 
prescribe best practices for testing 
drivers suspected of marijuana impair-
ment. 
My amendment would help law en-
forcement keep people safe, but Demo-
crats would rather prioritize criminals. 
A 
North 
Carolina 
sheriff 
recently 
called drug driving ‘‘one of the leading 
killers in our State.’’ Just like Demo-
crats’ efforts to defund police, the 
MORE Act’s unintended consequences 
will include increased danger for our 
families. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support Americans’ safety by voting 
against this bill. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, 
may I inquire how much time is re-
maining. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from Texas has 17 minutes 
remaining. The gentleman from Ohio 
has 17 minutes remaining, also. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, let 
me indicate that this legislation does 
not take away any of the responsibil-
ities of the Department of Transpor-
tation in its regulatory authority, and 
the facts belie any worries regarding 
road safety. 
According to a 2018 study of the Na-
tional Bureau of Economic Research, 
States that have legalized marijuana 
have not experienced significantly dif-
ferent rates of marijuana- or alcohol- 
related traffic fatalities. 
All of the State laws dealing with 
driving under the influence remain. Op-
erating a motor vehicle under the in-
fluence of marijuana is still illegal in 
every State—we insist on that—and 
even in these States that have legal-
ized the substance, and the MORE Act 
leaves these in place. 
Mr. Speaker, we need to talk about 
the many deaths that have occurred 
because of the violence over illegal 
marijuana. I have seen it. We have seen 
it. We have lost lives in their future, 
and we have lost them to their fami-
lies. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the 
distinguished gentleman from Cali-
fornia (Mr. CORREA), a member of the 
Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentlewoman for leading. I thank 
Chairman NADLER for his leadership in 
this issue and thank him, also, for in-
cluding my amendment that calls for a 
study of cannabis as an alternative 
medicine for our veterans. 
More than half of all Americans live 
in a State where cannabis is legal. 
Let’s align Federal cannabis laws with 
the will of the people. 
And let’s take full advantage of the 
medical benefits of cannabis. We know 
that medical cannabis is good for treat-
ing things such as seizures, glaucoma, 
chronic pain, and PTSD, and veterans 
prefer cannabis over opioids. 
Let me repeat. Veterans prefer can-
nabis over opioids to treat the invisible 
wounds that they bring back from the 
battlefield. 
Other nations, like Israel, export 
cannabis products. Let’s unleash Amer-
ica’s free enterprise system to take full 
advantage of the commercial benefits 
of cannabis. 
Let’s get busy and do the will of the 
people. Let’s pass the MORE Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
10:56 Dec 07, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00017
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K04DE7.010
H04DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 16-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6834 
December 4, 2020 
Mr. JORDAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Ari-
zona (Mr. BIGGS). 
Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the 
gentleman from Ohio for yielding. I 
will talk about what I view as a mas-
sive confusion in this bill. 
We have heard arguments this morn-
ing, already, that States are regulating 
this, and I believe, ultimately, that is 
where this regulation, domestically, 
should be: within the States. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill ostensibly de-
regulating cannabis imposes a Federal 
tax, Federal agencies, Federal over-
sight. You are not de-federalizing mari-
juana; you are just changing the regu-
latory structure in which you control 
marijuana. That is interesting to me, 
and I find it very disingenuous in some 
ways. 
Mr. Speaker, what it also does is it 
obviates Congress’ constitutional obli-
gation to manage or oversee interstate 
commerce. That is what this bill does. 
It obviates that, while you are throw-
ing a Federal tax on all these folks. 
That is a bit of a problem, but it goes 
to an enhanced problem. As long as we 
have the massive and growing social 
welfare state that we have today, we 
will incur whatever detriment comes 
from the criminalization, nationally, 
of marijuana. 
We must, in my opinion, have a seri-
ous discussion on this and not a con-
geries, a bill that is a congeries, a 
mishmash of ideas and hopes instead of 
data-driven science. 
As the gentleman from North Caro-
lina just iterated to us, it is a problem. 
If you have prosecuted or defended— 
and I did both, and I defended for many 
years. My specialty, the area that I fo-
cused on, was drunk and drug driving 
cases. It is a problem, and it is exacer-
bated by the decriminalization and 
legitimization of marijuana use in the 
States. 
This bill does not address that appro-
priately. This bill does not do anything 
more than provide a different mish-
mash of Federal laws over marijuana 
regulation. 
I am hoping for a serious dialogue 
sometime about an issue. 
Mr. Speaker, I have to just close by 
saying this. When I heard someone say 
that all the States that have passed 
this have done so overwhelmingly, Ari-
zona rejected it three times before 
barely passing it this time—barely 
passing it this time—and that is an 
election that is being contested even 
right now in the courts. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
would hope my good friend would not 
be in opposition to the ability for there 
to be research on the use of marijuana, 
as well substance abuse, and as well to 
provide a healing and a restoration of 
these broken communities that have 
suffered the plague of marijuana ar-
rests, incarceration, and prosecution. 
That is what we are doing in the MORE 
Act. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the 
gentlewoman from Pennsylvania (Ms. 
DEAN). 
Ms. DEAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank my 
dear colleague. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
3884, the MORE Act. 
Since the war on drugs began, the 
Nation’s prison population increased 
from 300,000 to a staggering 2.2 million 
people behind bars. In the decade be-
tween 2001 and 2010, 8.2 million people 
were arrested on marijuana charges. 
Nearly 90 percent of those arrests were 
for simply having marijuana. 
Most troubling is the fact that, de-
spite equal use rates, Black Americans 
are four times more likely than White 
Americans to be arrested for mari-
juana. 
People of color have disproportion-
ately borne the burdens of these draco-
nian policies, facing longer prison sen-
tences and the lifetime economic con-
sequences of having a criminal record. 
Generations of Black and Hispanic 
communities have suffered—families 
ripped 
apart, 
businesses 
shuddered, 
educations unfinished. This is neither 
law nor order; it is injustice. 
Mr. Speaker, we have an opportunity 
here to right our wrongs. The MORE 
Act is a sweeping effort for equity to 
our criminal justice system by remov-
ing marijuana from the Controlled 
Substances Act and requiring Federal 
courts to expunge prior convictions. 
The bill goes a long way to reduce ra-
cial disparities that plague our crimi-
nal justice system. Marijuana reform is 
long overdue. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentle-
woman for bringing the bill forward. 
Mr. JORDAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Min-
nesota (Mr. STAUBER), a former police 
officer who has seen firsthand what 
drugs can do to individuals and to com-
munities. 
Mr. STAUBER. Mr. Speaker, Mike’s 
Western Cafe, a family-run diner for 38 
years, closed its doors in Duluth, Min-
nesota, for good on October 7. 
On October 25, Waters of Superior, an 
art gallery and boutique, went out of 
business. 
On the 27th of last month, Grandma’s 
in the Park Bar and Grill, a local wa-
tering hole in Hibbing, Minnesota, was 
forced to call it quits. 
And after 10 years in business, the 
Duluth Candy Company is closing up 
shop for good on December 31. 
These are just a few stories of so 
many real people, real small business 
owners in my district who are losing 
their livelihoods due to effects of the 
COVID–19 closures. Yet here we are 
today, with mere days left in the year 
to get something done for the Amer-
ican people who are suffering, and 
Speaker PELOSI has brought up a drug 
legalization bill as mom-and-pop shops 
close for good, as families remain un-
certain where their next paycheck is 
coming from, as children struggle to 
receive 
their 
education, 
and 
as 
childcare facilities close. As seniors re-
main isolated from their families, this 
is their solution: a drug legalization 
bill. 
Mr. Speaker, my friends on the other 
side of the aisle like to point out that 
they have passed the Heroes Act, so 
they claim they have done their part. 
The Heroes Act was filled with so many 
partisan wish-list items that it was 
embarrassing. 
In fact, Speaker PELOSI is so obsessed 
with pushing drug legalization efforts 
forward, she even puts provisions in 
the Heroes Act—if you can believe 
this—a new annual study on diversity 
and inclusion within the marijuana in-
dustry. 
Come on, man. Families are losing 
their livelihood. People are hurting. 
Mr. Speaker, Speaker PELOSI’s an-
swers to these families is: ‘‘It is out of 
our hands.’’ 
It is not out of our hands. We have 
the responsibility and opportunity to 
provide relief to the American people. 
We have the power to do better and 
work harder and be better than this. 
It is time we think about the real 
needs of our constituents and get back 
to work on legislation that matters. 
Our priority should not be legalizing 
drugs or banning tigers; it must be bi-
partisan, targeted COVID–19 relief. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, 
may I inquire how much time each side 
has remaining. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from Texas has 131⁄2 minutes 
remaining. The gentleman from Ohio 
has 11 minutes remaining. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, 
you know what I am most—how should 
I say it?—honestly grateful for in the 
backdrop of Thanksgiving? That we 
had a Speaker of the House who never 
stopped negotiating and trying to find 
relief for the dying Americans and 
those suffering from COVID–19 with a 
major infusion of dollars almost 8 
months ago. I am grateful for that. 
I am grateful that we are now in the 
midst, if you will—late, but engaging— 
of negotiations, and that we are com-
mitted not to leave this place, not to 
go home for any holidays before we 
provide relief for the American people. 
I am grateful for that. That is going to 
happen. 
So it is important to note that work 
is going on, led by our Speaker, and we 
hope that we will have the right part-
ner to be able to save the lives of the 
American people who are now suffering 
from COVID–19. The MORE Act also 
saves lives. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the 
gentlewoman 
from 
California 
(Ms. 
LEE), distinguished member of the 
Committee on Appropriations and one 
of the strongest advocates for the 
MORE Act to save lives, to help young 
people. 
b 1000 
Ms. LEE of California. Mr. Speaker, 
let me reemphasize what the gentle-
woman just said. I was so proud to vote 
for the Heroes Act twice nearly 8 
months ago. I think that we have to 
move forward and continue to nego-
tiate, and, hopefully, we will get some 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
10:56 Dec 07, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00018
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K04DE7.012
H04DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 17-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6835 
December 4, 2020 
votes on the other side of the aisle to 
help save lives and to help save busi-
nesses and to help our economic recov-
ery. But I was proud to have voted for 
that twice already. 
Thank you to Congresswoman JACK-
SON LEE for her tremendous leadership 
in bringing this bill to the floor, the 
Marijuana Opportunity Reinvestment 
and Expungement Act, the MORE Act. 
Let me thank Chairman NADLER and 
our fellow co-chair of the Cannabis 
Caucus, 
Congressman 
EARL
BLU-
MENAUER, our respective staffs, and ev-
eryone for their effort, including the 
House Judiciary staff, for your hard 
work and for helping to bring this bill 
together to the floor. 
Also, I have to call your attention to 
the advocates for their dedication to 
educating the public on this issue. This 
bill is an important racial justice 
measure. It is the product of years of 
work by so many activists and advo-
cates and young people, and it is long 
overdue. 
Yes, I have worked to end the war on 
drugs for many years. The MORE Act 
includes my legislation, the Marijuana 
Justice Act and the REFER Act, which 
are the first marijuana racial justice 
bills introduced in Congress. 
This landmark legislation would end 
the Federal prohibition and decrimi-
nalize cannabis nationwide by remov-
ing it from the list of controlled sub-
stances, which is a major step, mind 
you, a major step toward ending the 
unjust war on drugs and racial inequi-
ties which are central to these laws. 
This bill will facilitate expungement 
of low-level Federal cannabis convic-
tions, create pathways for lucrative 
legal cannabis business ownership op-
portunities for communities of color, 
and provide critical resources for those 
most devastated by the war on drugs, 
for restorative justice to repair this 
damage. 
I refer you to the letter by the chair 
of our Ways and Means Committee, Mr. 
RICHARD NEAL, and I would just like to 
read a portion of his statement as it re-
lates to a Ways and Means tax issue, 
which Mr. BLUMENAUER is going to dis-
cuss a little further. 
Mr. NEAL has addressed an issue that 
came to our attention as an exclusion 
in this measure and made a commit-
ment, and he says that he looks for-
ward to continuing to work with the 
measure’s sponsors and other commit-
tees of jurisdiction to achieve an effec-
tive tax regime that supports a vibrant 
legal market and provides individuals 
most affected by this war on drugs the 
opportunity to fully participate in this 
emerging economy. 
I want to thank the chair of the Ways 
and Means Committee for agreeing to 
help us fix several provisions of this 
important bill. 
Make no mistake: This is a major ra-
cial justice bill. According to the 
ACLU, Black Americans are nearly 
four times more likely to be arrested 
for cannabis-related crimes than White 
Americans. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield an additional 30 seconds to the 
gentlewoman 
from 
California 
(Ms. 
LEE). 
Ms. LEE of California. Mr. Speaker, 
Black and Brown people are targeted 
more frequently than White Ameri-
cans, despite equal rates of use. 
Additionally, prison sentences for 
Black and Brown people are more like-
ly to be lengthier than White people. 
Black men receive sentences over 13 
percent longer than White men, and 
nearly 80 percent of people in Federal 
prisons for drug offenses are Black or 
Latino. So it is time to end these un-
just laws which shatter the lives of so 
many young people of color. 
I tell you, colleagues, we have got to 
give our young people a second chance. 
So please vote ‘‘yes’’ on this bill to 
help us move our unfinished business of 
liberty and justice for all forward. We 
have got to begin to really provide ra-
cial justice, crack these chains of sys-
temic racism and this mass incarcer-
ation judicial system. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote. 
Mr. JORDAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi (Mr. PALAZZO). 
Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, yester-
day was big cats. Today it is big can-
nabis. When is it time for real COVID 
relief? When is it time for us to help 
our constituents, our small businesses, 
our struggling and exhausted frontline 
workers, and teachers? 
To legalize marijuana or not is one 
thing; to pass a bill that has no re-
course for States that don’t want mass 
legalization, which totals 35 states, is 
irresponsible. To not limit or regulate 
potency is carelessness. To not do any-
thing to regulate advertising, which 
proved to be an issue with vaping when 
the industry targeted kids and teens, is 
negligent. To not provide funding for 
the FDA or USDA to manage the regu-
latory framework is reckless. 
Take marijuana out of the scenario. 
None of us would support a reckless, 
negligent, careless, and irresponsible 
bill. 
This flawed legislation is not time 
sensitive, does not require consider-
ation this week, and should not take 
priority over the very serious and real 
issues facing our country. 
There are real external threats facing 
our 
Nation. 
We 
should 
focus 
on 
strengthening America and not weak-
ening it. There is a lot to be done be-
fore the end of the year, and Congress 
must be focused on rebuilding our 
economy and restoring our way of life. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
vote against this bill. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from 
Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER), one of the 
determined and strong advocates for 
this legislation, a distinguished mem-
ber of the Ways and Means Committee. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
just heard my friend from Mississippi 
talk about, you know, we shouldn’t be 
dealing with things like this because 
the time is not right. His voters just 
approved medical marijuana, one of 
five States that approved it. Arizona 
didn’t barely pass it; it was 60 percent. 
We are not rushing to legalize mari-
juana; the American people have al-
ready done that. We are here because 
Congress has failed to deal with the 
disastrous war on drugs and do its part 
for the over 50 million regular mari-
juana users in every one of your dis-
tricts. 
We are here because we failed the 
parents of babies with extreme seizure 
disorders and why 10 States have 
stepped up, because the only thing that 
stops those babies from being tortured 
is medical cannabis. That is why 10 
states have approved provisions like 
that. 
We are here because Congress has 
failed to deal with our veterans, whose 
wounds, seen and unseen, will give 
them opioids, but we don’t deal with 
giving them access to something, as 
Representative CORREA
pointed out, 
dealing with medical cannabis, which 
is safer than the opioids we give them, 
and they suffer opioid deaths at a high-
er rate than the general population. 
We are here because Congress has 
failed with research. We want to have a 
test for impairment. The 150,000 drivers 
for beer and wine wholesalers want to 
be able to test. But Congress has stood 
in the way of research. There is plenty 
of money; we don’t have the authority 
to do it. 
Speaking of small business, we are 
here because the Senate has failed to 
follow through on a $17 billion industry 
that doesn’t have access to financial 
services. It is an invitation to money 
laundering, to theft, to tax evasion, for 
an industry that is pitched by my 
friend’s fellow Ohioan John Boehner, 
who is now a spokesman for the indus-
try. 
I have worked on this issue for 47 
years. I, too, have traveled the coun-
try. I have never met an American who 
feels that this industry should pay its 
taxes with shopping bags full of $20 
bills. 
We are here because we have failed 
our children. Children in each of your 
districts can get a joint easier than 
they can get a six-pack of beer, because 
no neighborhood drug dealer checks for 
ID. They don’t have a license to lose. 
That is why we want to have a system 
that regulates, to protect our children. 
Right now, kids are not protected. 
They are victims to a black market 
that you allow to continue. 
We are here because we have failed 
three generations of Black and Brown 
young people, whose lives can be ruined 
or lost by selective enforcement of 
these laws. This legislation will end 
that disaster. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield an additional 30 seconds to the 
gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLU-
MENAUER). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
10:56 Dec 07, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00019
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K04DE7.014
H04DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 18-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6836 
December 4, 2020 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, it 
is time for Congress to step up and do 
its part. We need to catch up with the 
rest of the American people. 
I want to thank Stephanie Phillips, 
Tara Sulzen, Willie Smith, Julia Pom-
eroy, Amber Ray, Laura Thrift, Jason 
Little, David Skillman, people who 
have been working with me on this for 
a decade. 
I am proud that we are at this mo-
ment, and I am proud that we are going 
to have an opportunity to approve the 
MORE Act and for Congress to step up 
and do its job so we catch up to your 
constituents. 
Mr. JORDAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Mis-
souri (Mrs. HARTZLER). 
Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in opposition to the MORE Act, 
which legalizes marijuana across the 
United States. 
As a mother and a former public 
schoolteacher, I am appalled at this 
legislation’s disregard for the health 
and safety of our children, schools, and 
families. I am also shocked and ap-
palled by the previous speaker’s claim 
that this legislation is good for chil-
dren and using children as an excuse to 
pass this bill and legalize it across this 
country. 
The MORE Act would grant the mari-
juana industry unfettered access to our 
Nation’s youth by allowing the sale of 
edibles and flavored marijuana vapes 
and permitting marijuana businesses 
to be located within 1,000 feet of 
schools, 
daycares, 
private 
kinder-
gartens, public parks, and recreational 
facilities. 
The bill also opens the floodgates for 
advertising 
high 
potency 
and 
ex-
tremely dangerous products on TV and 
social media, a place where our kids 
are spending countless hours every 
day. 
We need to consider three critical 
points before voting today: 
First, research has shown that people 
who use marijuana at a young age are 
more prone to addictive habits later in 
life as it activates the pleasure center 
receptors of the brain. 
Second, long-term marijuana use has 
been linked by research to mental ill-
ness such as hallucinations, temporary 
paranoia, 
depression, 
suicidal 
thoughts, violent behavior, and schizo-
phrenia. 
And, third, these findings were seri-
ous enough to lead the U.S. Surgeon 
General to declare an advisory for 
marijuana use, emphasizing that: ‘‘Re-
cent increases in access to marijuana 
and 
in 
its 
potency, 
along 
with 
misperceptions of safety of marijuana 
endanger our most precious resource, 
our Nation’s youth.’’ 
The House should be discussing a re-
sponsible COVID relief package to aid 
the American people during the pan-
demic. Instead, my colleagues on the 
other side of the aisle are focusing on 
legalizing marijuana. Where are our 
priorities? 
The MORE Act completely under-
mines current research and health 
warnings and puts our children in dan-
ger. I call on my colleagues to vote 
‘‘no’’ on this irresponsible and dan-
gerous bill. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Mr. Speaker, let me just say that the 
aggressive enforcement of marijuana 
possession laws needlessly ensnares 
hundreds of thousands of people into 
the criminal justice system and wastes 
billions of taxpayer dollars. I can as-
sure you that States are able to pro-
tect our children, which we will discuss 
in a later moment. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the 
gentlewoman from New York (Ms. 
VELA´ ZQUEZ), the chairwoman of the 
Small Business Committee. 
Ms. VELA´ ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
in support of this legislation because it 
will 
restore 
justice 
to 
our 
most 
marginalized communities, and it will 
boost our economy. 
I thank Speaker PELOSI, Chairman 
NADLER, and my fellow chairs, for 
bringing this legislation to the floor 
today. The MORE Act takes meaning-
ful action to address systemic injus-
tices by removing cannabis from its 
current classification as a schedule I 
drug and incentivizing States to ex-
punge low-level possession records. 
As chair of the Small Business Com-
mittee, I am proud to have championed 
measures included in the bill that will 
expand capital access and Federal 
small business development resources 
to the cannabis sector. 
We cannot forget that while commu-
nities of color have disproportionately 
suffered from the so-called war on 
drugs, they have also been locked out 
of traditional capital markets. That is 
why the MORE Act is the best legisla-
tion to advance progress on this issue, 
and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’. 
b 1015 
Mr. JORDAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Ne-
braska (Mr. SMITH). 
Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speak-
er, I appreciate the time. 
Mr. Speaker, much of the debate we 
have heard today has been about crimi-
nal justice and the child safety impli-
cations of this bill. But I would like to 
focus on the troubling aspect of this 
bill in the tax title. 
This bill would create a new Federal 
tax on marijuana, starting at 5 percent 
in the first year and escalating to 8 
percent after 5 years. We always hear 
about tax parity in this Chamber, yet 
the treatment of these products com-
pared to tobacco are vastly different— 
vastly different. 
Let me say again, though, that this 
bill taxes marijuana, which has the po-
tential to impact society really in un-
known ways or at least in ways that we 
should all be concerned about, but at 
less than half the tax rate of a pack of 
cigarettes. 
Once these taxes are created, rather 
than treating them as general revenue 
where they could actually help defray 
the costs associated with the Depart-
ment of the Treasury’s newly created 
obligation to regulate marijuana grow-
ers, importers, and retailers, the bill 
would actually divert tax revenue into 
four brand-new government programs, 
including one to create subsidies for 
businesses. 
This bill creates new criminal pen-
alties for failure to pay the taxes. So, 
this isn’t criminal justice reform. It is 
actually creating different types of 
penalties 
and 
criminalization 
and 
would likely lead to jail for small-time 
dealers for tax evasion instead of for 
selling their product. 
Mr. Speaker, I don’t support the un-
derlying purposes of this bill, the legal-
ization itself nationwide, but even if I 
did, I can’t support the terribly flawed 
design, in terms of taxation, and the 
overall form of this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, we have been waiting 
for months for Democrats to get seri-
ous about COVID relief, focusing on 
safely reopening our economy and help-
ing folks who need it the most. Yet, 
here we are today, talking about a le-
galization bill yet again. This is a bad 
bill at the wrong time. I urge opposi-
tion. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, 
may I inquire as to the amount of time 
remaining. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from Texas has 4 minutes re-
maining. The gentleman from Ohio has 
51⁄2 minutes remaining. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from 
Illinois (Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS), a distin-
guished member of the Ways and 
Means Committee. 
Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise in support of the MORE 
Act, which allows the Federal Govern-
ment to begin to catch up with the 47 
States, like Illinois, which have al-
ready reformed their marijuana use 
laws in one way or the other. 
Mass incarceration, which dispropor-
tionately affects Black and Brown citi-
zens, has been aided and abetted by 
marijuana laws, which result in more 
than 600,000 arrests annually. The 
expungement provisions in this legisla-
tion will allow hundreds of thousands 
of individuals to get their records ex-
punged so that they can more enthu-
siastically pursue legitimate jobs and 
work to take care of themselves and 
their families. 
The MORE Act is an idea whose time 
has come. I urge that we vote ‘‘yes.’’ 
Mr. JORDAN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman 
from New York (Mrs. CAROLYN
B. 
MALONEY), the distinguished chair of 
the Oversight and Reform Committee. 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentle-
woman for her leadership and for yield-
ing. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the 
MORE Act. I applaud my colleagues, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
10:56 Dec 07, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00020
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K04DE7.015
H04DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 19-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6837 
December 4, 2020 
Chairman NADLER and Vice President- 
elect HARRIS, for their leadership. It is 
past time that Congress answers the 
call for reform for low-level marijuana 
conviction justice. 
This sweeping legislation would offi-
cially remove cannabis from the list of 
federally 
controlled 
harmful 
sub-
stances, protect medical cannabis busi-
nesses, and expunge low-level mari-
juana convictions that have dispropor-
tionately harmed people and commu-
nities of color. 
The MORE Act would also help those 
whose 
convictions 
are 
overturned 
through an opportunity trust fund that 
would provide job training, reentry as-
sistance, and legal aid. If we are seri-
ous about criminal justice reform, we 
need to get rid of the antiquated can-
nabis 
laws 
that 
disproportionately 
harm people of color. The MORE Act 
would do just that. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. 
Mr. JORDAN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman 
from Hawaii (Ms. GABBARD). 
Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, finally, 
this is a historic moment that so many 
here and across the country have been 
working toward, to take this step to 
end America’s destructive and costly 
war on drugs that has turned everyday 
Americans into criminals and torn 
families apart, ruining so many peo-
ple’s lives. 
This legislation removes cannabis 
from the Controlled Substances Act, 
frees States to regulate it as they 
choose, and encourages research into 
the medicinal qualities of this plant 
that we all already know are changing 
people’s lives and saving people’s lives. 
It also applies retroactively, expunging 
prior convictions and records, freeing a 
generation of people from the shackles 
of this failed war on drugs. 
Mr. Speaker, the bottom line is this 
vote is about freedom. It is freedom of 
choice for every American to make 
their own decisions for themselves 
without fear of the government coming 
and arresting them. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support this bill. The Senate should 
pass it quickly so we can send it to the 
President for his signature. 
Mr. JORDAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, House Democrats start-
ed the week off with a hearing on let-
ting criminals out of jail early. They 
end the week with a bill legalizing 
drugs. And they want the American 
taxpayers to pay for both programs. 
They introduced a bill earlier in the 
year to give grant dollars to States to 
let criminals out of jail early, even vio-
lent ones, according to the letter Mr. 
NADLER and Chairwoman BASS sent to 
the Attorney General. Now, they want 
to create a trust fund in this bill to 
give grants to the marijuana industry 
and finance the marijuana industry. 
Mr. Speaker, these are the actions 
the Democrats take, the first actions 
they take after a national election. Go 
figure. Maybe that is why they lost 27 
out of 27 toss-up seats around the coun-
try. Maybe that is why our party al-
most took back the majority. 
That is what they choose to focus on 
at a time when you have Democrat 
leaders around the country defunding 
the police, locking down businesses, de-
stroying small businesses all over our 
Nation. This is what they choose to 
focus on. This is what they choose to 
focus on. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on 
the legislation, and I yield back the 
balance of my time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, let me indicate very 
quickly that every 37 seconds, between 
2001 and 2010, there were 8 million ar-
rests, every 37 seconds, for marijuana. 
We spent $3.6 billion on the war on 
marijuana, and it has not worked. We 
do today what saves lives. 
We know that States are going to be 
able to continue to protect their chil-
dren, and this does not undermine the 
ability of Congress to protect children 
as well. In every State that has legal-
ized marijuana, they have developed a 
comprehensive set of regulations to 
protect consumers. 
We also recognize that this issue of 
vaping is not generated by marijuana 
use. With a comprehensive structure, 
we will be able to protect children and 
not be selling marijuana to children. 
Those who have died in our commu-
nities may now live. As well, we will 
further understand the importance of a 
structure that is about restoration of 
justice. The imbalance against people 
of color has been a tragedy. 
Mr. Speaker, the MORE Act is cru-
cial to be able to pass, and I ask my 
colleagues to do so vigorously as we 
also fight COVID–19. 
Mr. Speaker, before I close, I would 
like to thank the following Members 
and committee and Member staff for 
their outstanding work on the MORE 
Act: 
Joe 
Graupensperger, 
Milagros 
Cisneros, Christine Leonard, BARBARA 
LEE, 
EARL
BLUMENAUER, 
NYDIA 
VELA´ ZQUEZ, and FRANK PALLONE. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, today’s House Con-
sideration of the MORE Act marks an impor-
tant step in mitigating the impacts of the his-
torically racist war on drugs. This legislation 
will reform our federal criminal laws while also 
making investments in and empowering com-
munities of color and those adversely affected 
by current unjust policies. 
The MORE Act makes important changes to 
federal law by removing marijuana, or can-
nabis, from the list of federally controlled sub-
stances. This change to federal law does not 
undermine the ability of states to apply their 
criminal laws as they see fit. Instead it makes 
marijuana a federally regulated substance that 
is subject to the FDA’s regulatory authority 
and federal taxation. The excise tax that is es-
tablished by the bill is similar to those for alco-
hol and tobacco. 
By creating a legal marijuana market that is 
subject to federal taxation, this legislation also 
creates an opportunity trust fund that will in-
crease opportunities or individuals and com-
munities affected by the war on drugs. The 
opportunity trust fund will fund programs such 
as job training, reentry services, and sub-
stance abuse disorder services, as well as as-
sistance to small businesses owned by so-
cially and economically disadvantaged individ-
uals. 
I thank my colleague, Representative BLU-
MENAUER, for his tireless leadership on this 
issue. As this bill continues through the legis-
lative process, I look forward to continuing to 
work with the measure’s sponsors and the 
other committees of jurisdiction to achieve an 
effective tax regime that supports a vibrant 
legal market and provides individuals most af-
fected by the war on drugs the opportunity to 
fully participate in this emerging economy. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to 
have introduced H.R. 3884, the ‘‘Marijuana 
Opportunity Reinvestment and Expungement 
Act of 2020,’’ or the ‘‘MORE Act of 2020.’’ 
This long overdue legislation would reverse 
the failed policy of criminalizing marijuana on 
the federal level and would take steps to ad-
dress the heavy toll this policy has taken 
across the country, particularly on commu-
nities of color. 
The MORE Act would make three important 
changes to federal law: 
(1) remove marijuana, or cannabis, from the 
list of federally controlled substances; 
(2) authorize the provision of resources, 
funded by an excise tax on marijuana, to ad-
dress the needs of communities that have 
been seriously impacted by the War on Drugs, 
including increasing the participation of com-
munities of color in the burgeoning cannabis 
market; and 
(3) provide for the expungement of Federal 
marijuana convictions and arrests. 
For far too long, we have treated marijuana 
as a criminal justice problem instead of as a 
matter of personal choice and public health. 
Whatever one’s views are on the use of mari-
juana for recreational or medicinal use, the 
policy of arrests, prosecution, and incarcer-
ation at the Federal level has proven unwise 
and unjust. 
This issue is not new to Congress. There 
have been many Members who have intro-
duced bills upon which provisions in this bill 
are based. For instance, Representative BAR-
BARA LEE has sponsored bills that are the 
foundation of key provisions of the MORE Act, 
and I thank her for her longstanding leader-
ship on this issue. Representative EARL BLU-
MENAUER has also been an indefatigable advo-
cate and has supported everything we have 
done to get to where we are today. I thank 
him, as well. 
Federal action on this issue would follow the 
growing recognition in the states that the sta-
tus quo is unacceptable. Despite the federal 
government’s 
continuing 
criminalization 
of 
marijuana, 36 states and the District of Colum-
bia have legalized medical cannabis. Fifteen 
states and the District of Columbia have legal-
ized cannabis for adult recreational use. 
I have long believed that the criminalization 
of marijuana has been a mistake, and the ra-
cially disparate enforcement of marijuana laws 
has only compounded this mistake, with seri-
ous consequences, particularly for commu-
nities of color. 
Marijuana is one of the oldest agricultural 
commodities not grown for food, and it has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
10:56 Dec 07, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00021
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\K04DE7.017
H04DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 20-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6838 
December 4, 2020 
been used medicinally all over the world since 
at least 2700 B.C., but its criminalization is a 
relatively recent phenomenon. 
The use of marijuana, which most likely 
originated in Asia, later spread to Europe, and 
made its way to the Americas when the 
Jamestown settlers brought it with them 
across the Atlantic. The cannabis plant has 
been widely grown in the United States and 
was used as a component in fabrics during 
the middle of the 19th century. During that 
time period, cannabis was also widely used as 
a treatment for a multitude of ailments, includ-
ing muscle spasms, headaches, cramps, asth-
ma, and diabetes. 
It was only in the early part of the 20th cen-
tury that marijuana began to be criminalized in 
the United States—mainly because of misin-
formation and hysteria, based at least in part 
on 
racially-biased 
stereotypes 
connecting 
marijuana use and people of color, particularly 
African-Americans and Latinos. In 1970, when 
President Nixon announced the War on Drugs 
and signed the Controlled Substances Act into 
law, the federal government placed marijuana 
on Schedule I, the most restrictive schedule 
that is attached to the most serious criminal 
penalties, where—unfairly and unjustifiably—it 
has remained ever since. 
As a consequence of this decision, thou-
sands of individuals—overwhelmingly people 
of color—have been subjected, by the federal 
government, to unjust prison sentences for 
marijuana offenses. It is time for this manifest 
injustice to end. The MORE Act would remove 
marijuana from Schedule I and the Controlled 
Substances Act altogether, thereby decrimi-
nalizing it at the Federal level. 
This is only fair, particularly because the 
same racial animus motivating the enactment 
of marijuana laws also led to racially dis-
proportionate enforcement of such laws, which 
has had a substantial, negative impact on 
communities of color. In fact, nationwide, the 
communities that have been most harmed by 
marijuana enforcement are benefitting the 
least from the legal marijuana marketplace. 
The MORE Act would address some of 
these negative impacts, by establishing an 
Opportunity Trust Fund within the Department 
of Treasury to fund programs within the De-
partment of Justice and the Small Business 
Administration to empower communities of 
color and those adversely impacted by the 
War on Drugs. These programs would provide 
services to individuals, including job training, 
reentry services and substance use disorder 
services; provide funds for loans to assist 
small businesses that are owned and con-
trolled by socially and economically disadvan-
taged individuals; and provide resources for 
programs that minimize barriers to marijuana 
licensing and employment for individuals ad-
versely impacted by the War on Drugs. 
The collateral consequences of a conviction 
for marijuana possession—and even some-
times for a mere arrest—can be devastating. 
For those saddled with a criminal conviction, it 
can be difficult or impossible to vote, to obtain 
educational loans, to get a job, to maintain a 
professional license, to secure housing, to re-
ceive government assistance, or even to adopt 
a child. 
These exclusions create an often-permanent 
second-class status for millions of Americans. 
This is unacceptable and counterproductive, 
especially in light of the disproportionate im-
pact that enforcement of marijuana laws has 
had on communities of color. The MORE Act 
recognizes this injustice and addresses these 
harmful effects by expunging and sealing fed-
eral convictions and arrests for marijuana of-
fenses. 
It is not surprising that over the past two 
decades, public support for legalizing mari-
juana has surged. In the most recent Pew Re-
search Center poll—which was released at the 
end of 2019—67 percent of Americans now 
back marijuana legalization, up from 62 per-
cent in Pew’s 2018 poll. And just this Novem-
ber, there were ballot measures pertaining to 
marijuana in several states; they were all ap-
proved by voters. Indeed, the states have led 
the way—and continue to lead the way—on 
marijuana, but our federal laws have not kept 
pace with the obvious need for change. We 
need to catch up because the public supports 
reform and because it is the right thing to do. 
In my view, applying criminal penalties, with 
their attendant collateral consequences for 
marijuana offenses is unjust and harmful to 
our society. The MORE Act comprehensively 
addresses this injustice, and I urge all of my 
colleagues to support this bill today. 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
strong support of the Marijuana Opportunity 
Reinvestment and Expungement Act of 2019 
or the MORE Act. This landmark legislation is 
long overdue. It will descheudule marijuana, 
provide expungement for previous offenders, 
clarify that those previously convicted of mari-
juana related offenses would be eligible for 
federal benefits, and will establish an excise 
tax system on marijuana to invest in commu-
nities disproportionately affected by our failed 
marijuana policy. 
I have been working on this issue since I 
was first elected to the Tennessee General 
Assembly in 1982. In this Congress, I have 
sponsored the CARERS Act to provide legal 
certainty for those using medicinal marijuana 
allowed under state law and the Fresh Start 
Act 
which 
provides 
a 
pathway 
for 
expungement for these types of offenses. 
The history of marijuana as a Schedule-I 
drug is one full of bias and discrimination. This 
policy has served its racist purposes, targeting 
communities of color and disproportionately in-
carcerating people of color. 
The War on Drugs has been a resounding 
failure, especially regarding cannabis. About 
700,000 Americans each year are arrested for 
cannabis related offenses. Despite similar 
usage rates, there are nearly four Black Amer-
icans arrested for a cannabis-related offense 
for every white American. In my district, the 
situation is even worse. According to a 2013 
ACLU study, in Shelby County, 83.2 percent 
of people arrested for cannabis offenses were 
Black, which the report cited as one of the 
highest county-level statistics in the nation. 
These arrests and convictions have long term 
impacts. Those with criminal records are lim-
ited from receiving federal benefits including 
SNAP, housing benefits, and Pell Grants. Our 
policy is exactly backward. We should be sup-
porting those susceptible to substance abuse, 
not punishing them. 
This bill rights an historic wrong and invests 
in the communities most harmed. I am proud 
to be an original cosponsor of this bill. I thank 
Chairman NADLER for his leadership on this 
important issue. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, this vote 
on the Marijuana Opportunity Reinvestment 
and Expungement (MORE) Act of 2020 is a 
historic moment for the millions of Americans 
caught in the tentacles of the failed ‘‘war on 
drugs’’. In the midst of growing national dia-
logue on unjust law enforcement practices, the 
MORE Act first and foremost centers racial 
justice and comprehensively addresses can-
nabis prohibition. I am pleased that the MORE 
Act has remained a critical component of 
House Democrats’ plan for addressing sys-
temic racism and advancing criminal justice 
reform. We owe it to the American people to 
pass this bill and I strongly support this legis-
lation. 
In 1970, Congress passed the Controlled 
Substances Act (CSA) to establish a com-
prehensive federal drug policy. As part of that 
bill, Congress placed a broad range of drugs 
among five Schedules, based on the relative 
harms of those drugs. Cannabis was placed— 
temporarily, it seemed—in Schedule I, while a 
commission studied the plant to make an in-
formed recommendation about how it should 
be treated. Two years later, the commission 
recommended that marijuana be removed 
from Schedule I of the Controlled Substances 
Act. However, for the past 50 years, that rec-
ommendation has been ignored, resulting in a 
decades-long war on cannabis that has dam-
aged tens of millions of American lives. 
This racially motived policy has led to one of 
the most shameful episodes in criminal justice 
and race relations in America: the deliberate 
targeting of Black Americans for selective ap-
plication of our cannabis laws. Too often, 
cases of low-level cannabis possession esca-
late to police violence, and Black Americans 
regularly face mistreatment at the hands of 
police because of cannabis. 
More than 99 percent of the American popu-
lation will soon live in a state where cannabis 
is legally accessible to some degree yet ar-
rests for cannabis possession continue in 
huge numbers. In 2018, the highest number of 
arrests were for drug offenses, with cannabis 
arrests accounting for more drug arrests in the 
U.S. than any other drug class. At almost 
700,000, police made more cannabis arrests 
than all violent crimes combined. 
More concerning than the sheer number of 
arrests, is the racially biased enforcement of 
cannabis laws that is so evident in the stark 
disparity in arrest rates between Black and 
white people for cannabis possession. Despite 
similar rates of use, on average, Black people 
are almost four times more likely than white 
people to be arrested for marijuana. This dif-
ference can reach more than 20, 30, 40, or 
even 50 times at the county level. 
People of color are often robbed of their dig-
nity in perpetuity, because having a felony 
conviction can impact the ability to get an edu-
cation, secure gainful employment, or vote. 
Ironically, as the emerging cannabis market 
blossoms, the cards are frequently stacked 
against the very people most victimized by the 
‘‘war on drugs,’’ who now want to become en-
trepreneurs in the legal cannabis market. After 
centuries of systemic discrimination in hous-
ing, employment, and education, Black Ameri-
cans are far less likely to have or be able to 
raise the kind of money needed to get in-
volved in the legal market. Additionally, dis-
proportionate arrest and conviction rates make 
it particularly difficult for people of color to 
enter the legal cannabis marketplace, as most 
states bar these individuals from participating. 
Minorities, and Black Americans specifically, 
are now largely missing out on the economic 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
10:56 Dec 07, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00022
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A04DE7.007
H04DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 21-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6839 
December 4, 2020 
opportunities created by legalization. Sadly, 
fewer than one-fifth of cannabis business own-
ers identify as minorities and only approxi-
mately four percent are Black. 
The American people have recognized the 
need to reverse this tragic mistake. A recent 
Gallup survey showed that more than two- 
thirds of Americans believe that cannabis 
should be legal. This groundswell of public 
support has translated into actual changes in 
state law. We now have 15 states, plus the 
District of Columbia, that have legalized can-
nabis for all adults. Moreover, there are 36 
states in which medical cannabis laws allow 
patients to legally enjoy the benefits of the full 
spectrum of the cannabis plant. Some states 
and municipalities have taken proactive steps 
to mitigate inequalities in the legal cannabis 
marketplace and ensure equal participation in 
the emerging market. 
The dichotomy between state and federal 
cannabis laws is the direct result of Congress 
ignoring the recommendations of experts near-
ly 50 years ago. The emperors who made and 
have kept cannabis illegal at the federal level 
were wearing no clothes—and the American 
people have called it out. We are now embar-
rassing ourselves by sitting by and doing noth-
ing. This bill would not force states to make 
cannabis legal. If a state like Idaho wants to 
continue arresting people for cannabis, they 
will have that ability, as much as I may dis-
agree with that decision. But by removing can-
nabis from the CSA, which is what this bill will 
do, we can remove this one tool of oppres-
sion. We can ensure that individuals who are 
acting in compliance with sensible state can-
nabis laws will not be in violation of federal 
law, while expanding cannabis research, 
broadening access to our veterans, and open-
ing up banking opportunities. 
No bill is perfect, and the MORE Act con-
tains a provision that is contrary to our legisla-
tive intent. Without hesitation, I am committed 
to correcting this language to ensure that the 
millions of Americans, especially Black and 
Latino people, who have been most harmed 
by cannabis prohibition can participate equally 
in this emerging industry. Equity, inclusion and 
opportunity are fundamental values that must 
be at the center of all federal cannabis legisla-
tion. This is not the end of the story, it’s the 
beginning of the next chapter. This is a fight 
for racial justice, economic justice, and free-
dom. This policy is long-overdue. 
I have been working on this issue longer 
than any other politician in America, and I am 
thrilled that we are here today. I want to thank 
Congresswoman BARBARA LEE and her staff, 
Samira Damavandi and Gregory Adams, who 
have worked tirelessly to advance racial jus-
tice on this issue. I also want to thank the 
many advocates, businesses, and individuals 
who have helped us champion the end of can-
nabis prohibition. Lastly, I want to thank my 
team both past and present: Willie Smith, 
Laura Thrift, Amber Ray, Danielle Cohen, 
Sean Ryan, David Skillman, Stephanie Phil-
lips, and Tara Sulzen. 
This is a momentous moment and I am 
eager for the day this bill is signed into law. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate has expired. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 1244, 
the previous question is ordered on the 
bill, as amended. 
The question is on the engrossment 
and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the 
third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT 
Mrs. LESKO. Mr. Speaker, I have a 
motion to recommit at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the 
gentlewoman opposed to the bill? 
Mrs. LESKO. Mr. Speaker, I am op-
posed to the bill in its current form. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the motion to recom-
mit. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Mrs. Lesko moves to recommit the bill 
H.R. 3884 to the Committee on the Judiciary 
with instructions to report the same back to 
the House forthwith with the following 
amendment: 
Add, at the end of section 3, the following: 
(h) 
RULE
OF
CONSTRUCTION.—Notwith-
standing the provisions of this Act and the 
amendments made by this Act, an employer 
may test an employee or applicant for can-
nabis use to ensure workplace and public 
safety. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from 
Arizona (Mrs. LESKO) is recognized for 
5 minutes in support of her motion. 
Mrs. LESKO. Mr. Speaker, in the 
middle of the COVID–19 pandemic, 
House Democrats are rushing to pass a 
sweeping marijuana legalization bill 
without considering the unintended 
consequences the legislation will have 
on workplace and public safety. 
According to the National Institute 
on Drug Abuse, studies have suggested 
specific links between marijuana use 
and adverse consequences in the work-
place, such as increased risk for inju-
ries or accidents. 
According to the Federal Govern-
ment’s own workplace safety experts at 
the National Institute for Occupational 
Safety and Health, or NIOSH, other 
studies of cannabis use have dem-
onstrated effects that include sedation, 
disorientation, 
impaired 
judgment, 
lack of concentration, and slowed fine 
motor skills. As my Democratic col-
leagues often say, we need to follow the 
science. 
Currently, it is common practice for 
employers in industries such as con-
struction and warehouse logistics to 
enact zero-tolerance drug policies that 
include a prohibition on marijuana 
usage to protect workers by ensuring a 
safe workplace and to comply with 
Federal law. Unlike on-demand evalua-
tions of alcohol usage, there currently 
is no adequate real-time intoxication 
testing technology for marijuana im-
pairment. 
By removing marijuana from the list 
of scheduled substances in the Con-
trolled Substance Act, the underlying 
bill will place unnecessary burdens on 
private employers and will needlessly 
jeopardize workplace and public safety 
and health. 
For instance, the removal of mari-
juana from the CSA creates legal jeop-
ardy for employers who are authorized 
under the Americans with Disabilities 
Act to test for illegal drug use while 
such authorization does not extend to 
legal drugs. 
b 1030 
My motion to recommit adds specific 
language to the bill to affirm an em-
ployer’s right to test job applicants 
and employees to ensure workplace and 
public safety. 
Legalization of marijuana at the 
State level has already created com-
plex challenges for employers wishing 
to maintain a drug-free workplace 
while abiding by relevant employment 
laws. 
The bill before us today, which de-
classifies marijuana as an illegal drug, 
would only further complicate employ-
ers’ compliance obligations and liabil-
ity risks and reduce workplace safety 
around the country. 
A last-minute Democrat amendment 
added to H.R. 3884 recognizes the right 
of the Federal Government to test its 
employees and workers in safety-sen-
sitive positions covered by the Depart-
ment of Transportation regulations, 
such as pilots and railroad operators. 
However, the bill omits the same pro-
tections for private-sector employers 
in other high-hazard industries not 
covered by DOT regulations. 
If we adopt this motion, we will ad-
dress legal ambiguities that may arise 
from removing marijuana from the 
Controlled Substances Act and affirm 
private employers’ right to drug test 
employees in order to keep their work-
places and the public safe. 
This is not a gotcha moment. It is 
not playing politics. My motion to re-
commit is a genuine attempt to im-
prove the bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge its passage, and I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
claim the time in opposition to the mo-
tion to recommit. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Oregon is recognized for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, 
first and foremost, I would call my dis-
tinguished friend from Arizona’s atten-
tion—whose constituents just approved 
legalization with a 60 percent margin— 
to the Rules Committee Print, which 
includes new provisions to ensure that 
employees working in safety-sensitive 
transportation positions regulated by 
the Federal Government would still be 
tested for illegal or unauthorized use of 
alcohol, 
marijuana, 
or 
other 
sub-
stances. 
Now, to be clear, no one wants to 
have people who are in these sensitive 
positions to be operating equipment, 
but there are several problems with the 
gentlewoman’s position. 
First and foremost, as I pointed out 
in the course of my presentation, be-
cause the Federal Government inter-
feres with the research in cannabis, 
and has for 50 years, there is no good 
test for impairment. 
Right now, I have heard from em-
ployers across the country, who are 
deeply concerned because as they test, 
and there is a trace of marijuana in the 
system, it continues for 30 days; long 
after there is any impairment. So we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
10:56 Dec 07, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00023
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A04DE7.021
H04DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 22-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6840 
December 4, 2020 
are having people’s jobs jeopardized be-
cause we haven’t done the research 
that would allow us to have a good 
test. 
The MORE Act, in the form that it is 
here, besides having the provisions 
that allow the testing to take place, 
would strip away the Federal Govern-
ment interference with the research so 
that we can have a test that takes 
place. 
It is important for employers to be 
able to have this test. Employers want 
to be able to deal with their employees 
fairly, and they don’t have a good test 
now. So people are losing their jobs. 
They can’t fill other jobs because ap-
plicants fail drug tests. 
It is not that we don’t test, the fact 
is we don’t have a good test. And the 
Federal prohibition on research stands 
in the way of this. It is yet another ex-
ample of the failed prohibition on can-
nabis and its unintended consequences. 
It prevents being able to make progress 
to be able to have effective tests and 
use them where they are needed. 
My friends talk about people having 
traces of marijuana in their system in 
terms of driving stops. There is no indi-
cation that just because there is a 
trace that that impaired their oper-
ation. We don’t have the tests. 
That is why we need the MORE Act. 
That is why we need to reject the mo-
tion to recommit. Unless and until we 
do the research to be able to have ef-
fective tests to be able to deal with im-
pairment, we are just chasing our tails. 
It doesn’t solve the problem, and it 
avoids being able to take care of it. 
I strongly urge rejecting this motion 
to recommit, passing the MORE Act so 
we can do the research, have the tests 
that employers and employees want 
and deserve so we get out of this never- 
never land of speculation and be able to 
actually tell the circumstances and 
give people a guidance to be able to get 
the result that I think we all want. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is or-
dered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to recommit. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that 
the noes appeared to have it. 
Mrs. LESKO. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 3 of House Resolution 
965, the yeas and nays are ordered. 
Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, fur-
ther proceedings on this question are 
postponed. 
f 
NATIONAL OCEANIC AND ATMOS-
PHERIC ADMINISTRATION COM-
MISSIONED 
OFFICER 
CORPS 
AMENDMENTS ACT OF 2020 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the unfin-
ished business is the vote on the mo-
tion to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (S. 2981) to reauthorize and amend 
the National Oceanic and Atmospheric 
Administration Commissioned Officer 
Corps Act of 2002, and for other pur-
poses, on which the yeas and nays were 
ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by 
the gentleman from Hawaii (Mr. CASE) 
that the House suspend the rules and 
pass the bill. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 265, nays 
124, not voting 41, as follows: 
[Roll No. 233] 
YEAS—265 
Adams 
Aguilar 
Allred 
Axne 
Barraga´n 
Bass 
Beatty 
Bera 
Beyer 
Bilirakis 
Bishop (GA) 
Blumenauer 
Blunt Rochester 
Bonamici 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brindisi 
Brown (MD) 
Brownley (CA) 
Buchanan 
Bustos 
Butterfield 
Byrne 
Carbajal 
Ca´rdenas 
Carson (IN) 
Cartwright 
Case 
Casten (IL) 
Castor (FL) 
Castro (TX) 
Chu, Judy 
Cicilline 
Cisneros 
Clark (MA) 
Clarke (NY) 
Cleaver 
Clyburn 
Cohen 
Cole 
Connolly 
Cooper 
Correa 
Costa 
Courtney 
Cox (CA) 
Craig 
Crist 
Crow 
Cuellar 
Cunningham 
Davids (KS) 
Davis (CA) 
Davis, Danny K. 
Davis, Rodney 
Dean 
DeFazio 
DeGette 
DeLauro 
DelBene 
Delgado 
Demings 
DeSaulnier 
Deutch 
Dingell 
Doggett 
Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Engel 
Escobar 
Eshoo 
Espaillat 
Evans 
Fitzpatrick 
Fletcher 
Fortenberry 
Foster 
Frankel 
Gabbard 
Gallagher 
Gallego 
Garamendi 
Garcia (CA) 
Garcı´a (IL) 
Garcia (TX) 
Golden 
Gomez 
Gonzalez (OH) 
Gonzalez (TX) 
Gottheimer 
Granger 
Green, Al (TX) 
Grijalva 
Guest 
Haaland 
Hall 
Harder (CA) 
Hartzler 
Hastings 
Hayes 
Heck 
Herrera Beutler 
Higgins (NY) 
Himes 
Horn, Kendra S. 
Horsford 
Houlahan 
Hoyer 
Huffman 
Huizenga 
Hurd (TX) 
Jackson Lee 
Jacobs 
Jayapal 
Jeffries 
Johnson (GA) 
Johnson (TX) 
Joyce (OH) 
Kaptur 
Katko 
Keating 
Kelly (IL) 
Kennedy 
Khanna 
Kildee 
Kilmer 
Kim 
Kind 
King (NY) 
Kirkpatrick 
Krishnamoorthi 
Kuster (NH) 
Lamb 
Langevin 
Larsen (WA) 
Larson (CT) 
Lawrence 
Lawson (FL) 
Lee (CA) 
Lee (NV) 
Levin (CA) 
Levin (MI) 
Lieu, Ted 
Lipinski 
Loebsack 
Lofgren 
Lowenthal 
Lowey 
Luja´n 
Luria 
Lynch 
Malinowski 
Maloney, 
Carolyn B. 
Maloney, Sean 
Matsui 
McAdams 
McBath 
McCaul 
McCollum 
McEachin 
McGovern 
McKinley 
McNerney 
Meeks 
Meng 
Mfume 
Moore 
Morelle 
Moulton 
Mucarsel-Powell 
Murphy (FL) 
Nadler 
Napolitano 
Neal 
Neguse 
Norcross 
O’Halleran 
Ocasio-Cortez 
Omar 
Palazzo 
Pallone 
Panetta 
Pappas 
Pascrell 
Payne 
Perlmutter 
Peters 
Peterson 
Phillips 
Pingree 
Pocan 
Porter 
Pressley 
Price (NC) 
Quigley 
Raskin 
Reed 
Rice (NY) 
Riggleman 
Roby 
Rodgers (WA) 
Rogers (KY) 
Rose (NY) 
Rouda 
Roybal-Allard 
Ruiz 
Ruppersberger 
Rush 
Rutherford 
Ryan 
Sa´nchez 
Sarbanes 
Scanlon 
Schakowsky 
Schiff 
Schneider 
Schrader 
Schrier 
Scott (VA) 
Scott, David 
Serrano 
Sewell (AL) 
Shalala 
Sherman 
Sherrill 
Simpson 
Sires 
Slotkin 
Smith (NJ) 
Smith (WA) 
Smucker 
Soto 
Spanberger 
Spano 
Speier 
Stanton 
Stefanik 
Stevens 
Suozzi 
Swalwell (CA) 
Takano 
Taylor 
Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) 
Titus 
Tlaib 
Tonko 
Torres (CA) 
Torres Small 
(NM) 
Trahan 
Trone 
Underwood 
Upton 
Van Drew 
Veasey 
Vela 
Vela´zquez 
Visclosky 
Waltz 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters 
Watson Coleman 
Welch 
Wexton 
Wild 
Wilson (FL) 
Yarmuth 
NAYS—124 
Amash 
Amodei 
Armstrong 
Arrington 
Babin 
Baird 
Balderson 
Banks 
Barr 
Bergman 
Biggs 
Bishop (NC) 
Bishop (UT) 
Bost 
Brady 
Brooks (AL) 
Buck 
Burchett 
Chabot 
Cheney 
Cline 
Cloud 
Comer 
Conaway 
Crawford 
Crenshaw 
Curtis 
Davidson (OH) 
DesJarlais 
Diaz-Balart 
Duncan 
Emmer 
Estes 
Ferguson 
Fleischmann 
Flores 
Fulcher 
Gaetz 
Gibbs 
Gohmert 
Gooden 
Gosar 
Graves (MO) 
Green (TN) 
Griffith 
Grothman 
Guthrie 
Hagedorn 
Harris 
Hern, Kevin 
Hice (GA) 
Hill (AR) 
Hollingsworth 
Hudson 
Johnson (OH) 
Johnson (SD) 
Jordan 
Joyce (PA) 
Keller 
Kelly (MS) 
Kelly (PA) 
Kinzinger 
Kustoff (TN) 
LaHood 
LaMalfa 
Lamborn 
Latta 
Lesko 
Long 
Loudermilk 
Lucas 
Luetkemeyer 
Marshall 
Massie 
Mast 
McClintock 
Meuser 
Miller 
Moolenaar 
Mooney (WV) 
Murphy (NC) 
Newhouse 
Nunes 
Olson 
Pence 
Perry 
Posey 
Rice (SC) 
Roe, David P. 
Rogers (AL) 
Rose, John W. 
Rouzer 
Roy 
Scalise 
Schweikert 
Sensenbrenner 
Shimkus 
Smith (MO) 
Smith (NE) 
Stauber 
Steil 
Steube 
Stivers 
Thompson (PA) 
Thornberry 
Tiffany 
Timmons 
Tipton 
Turner 
Walberg 
Walden 
Walker 
Walorski 
Watkins 
Weber (TX) 
Webster (FL) 
Wenstrup 
Westerman 
Williams 
Wilson (SC) 
Wittman 
Womack 
Woodall 
Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—41 
Abraham 
Aderholt 
Allen 
Bacon 
Brooks (IN) 
Bucshon 
Budd 
Burgess 
Calvert 
Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) 
Clay 
Collins (GA) 
Cook 
Dunn 
Finkenauer 
Foxx (NC) 
Fudge 
Gianforte 
Graves (LA) 
Higgins (LA) 
Holding 
Johnson (LA) 
King (IA) 
Marchant 
McCarthy 
McHenry 
Mitchell 
Mullin 
Norman 
Palmer 
Reschenthaler 
Richmond 
Rooney (FL) 
Scott, Austin 
Stewart 
Vargas 
Wagner 
Wright 
Yoho 
Young 
b 1129 
Messrs. CHABOT, TIPTON, SMITH of 
Nebraska, FLORES, JOHNSON of Ohio, 
WITTMAN, and CURTIS changed their 
vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Ms. DEGETTE, Messrs. PETERSON, 
RUTHERFORD, 
SIMPSON, 
and 
HUIZENGA changed their vote from 
‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the 
bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated against: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
10:56 Dec 07, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00024
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K04DE7.021
H04DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 23-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6841 
December 4, 2020 
Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably 
detained. Had I been present, I would have 
voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 233. 
MEMBERS RECORDED PURSUANT TO HOUSE 
RESOLUTION 965, 116TH CONGRESS 
Barraga´n 
(Beyer) 
Bera (Aguilar) 
Bonamici (Clark 
(MA)) 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. (Jeffries) 
Brownley (CA) 
(Clark (MA)) 
Carson (IN) 
(Cleaver) 
Castor (FL) 
(Demings) 
Cohen (Beyer) 
Costa (Cooper) 
DeSaulnier 
(Matsui) 
Deutch (Rice 
(NY)) 
Doggett (Raskin) 
Doyle, Michael 
F. (Cartwright) 
Escobar (Garcia 
(TX)) 
Frankel (Clark 
(MA)) 
Garamendi 
(Sherman) 
Grijalva (Garcı´a 
(IL)) 
Hastings 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Higgins (NY) 
(Sa´nchez) 
Jayapal (Raskin) 
Johnson (TX) 
(Jeffries) 
Kaptur (Dingell) 
Kennedy (Kuster 
(NH)) 
Kim (Davids 
(KS)) 
Kirkpatrick 
(Stanton) 
Lamb (Golden) 
Langevin 
(Lynch) 
Lawson (FL) 
(Demings) 
Lee (NV) (Kuster 
(NH)) 
Lieu, Ted (Beyer) 
Lipinski 
(Schrader) 
Lofgren (Jeffries) 
Lowenthal 
(Beyer) 
Lowey (Tonko) 
McEachin 
(Wexton) 
McNerney 
(Raskin) 
Meng (Kuster 
(NH)) 
Moore (Beyer) 
Mucarsel-Powell 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Nadler (Jeffries) 
Napolitano 
(Correa) 
Pascrell 
(Pallone) 
Payne 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Peters (Kildee) 
Pingree (Kuster 
(NH)) 
Pocan (Raskin) 
Porter (Wexton) 
Pressley 
(Trahan) 
Price (NC) 
(Butterfield) 
Roybal-Allard 
(Garcia (TX)) 
Ruiz (Dingell) 
Rush 
(Underwood) 
Schneider 
(Casten (IL)) 
Schrier 
(DelBene) 
Serrano 
(Jeffries) 
Sires (Norcross) 
Speier (Scanlon) 
Thompson (CA) 
(Kildee) 
Titus (Connolly) 
Watson Coleman 
(Pallone) 
Welch 
(McGovern) 
Wilson (FL) 
(Hayes) 
f 
MARIJUANA OPPORTUNITY REIN-
VESTMENT AND EXPUNGEMENT 
ACT OF 2019 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the unfin-
ished business is the vote on the mo-
tion to recommit on the bill (H.R. 3884) 
to decriminalize and deschedule can-
nabis, to provide for reinvestment in 
certain persons adversely impacted by 
the War on Drugs, to provide for 
expungement of certain cannabis of-
fenses, and for other purposes, offered 
by the gentlewoman from Arizona 
(Mrs. LESKO), on which the yeas and 
nays were ordered. 
The Clerk will redesignate the mo-
tion. 
The Clerk redesignated the motion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to recommit. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 174, nays 
218, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 
37, as follows: 
[Roll No. 234] 
YEAS—174 
Amodei 
Armstrong 
Arrington 
Babin 
Baird 
Balderson 
Banks 
Barr 
Bergman 
Biggs 
Bilirakis 
Bishop (NC) 
Bishop (UT) 
Bost 
Brady 
Brooks (AL) 
Buchanan 
Buck 
Burchett 
Byrne 
Case 
Chabot 
Cheney 
Cline 
Cloud 
Cole 
Comer 
Conaway 
Crawford 
Crenshaw 
Cunningham 
Curtis 
Davidson (OH) 
Davis, Rodney 
DesJarlais 
Diaz-Balart 
Duncan 
Emmer 
Estes 
Ferguson 
Fitzpatrick 
Fleischmann 
Flores 
Fortenberry 
Fulcher 
Gabbard 
Gallagher 
Garcia (CA) 
Gibbs 
Gohmert 
Gonzalez (OH) 
Gooden 
Gosar 
Gottheimer 
Granger 
Graves (MO) 
Green (TN) 
Griffith 
Grothman 
Guest 
Guthrie 
Hagedorn 
Harris 
Hartzler 
Hern, Kevin 
Herrera Beutler 
Hice (GA) 
Hill (AR) 
Holding 
Hollingsworth 
Hudson 
Huizenga 
Hurd (TX) 
Jacobs 
Johnson (OH) 
Johnson (SD) 
Jordan 
Joyce (OH) 
Joyce (PA) 
Katko 
Keller 
Kelly (MS) 
Kelly (PA) 
King (NY) 
Kinzinger 
Kustoff (TN) 
LaHood 
LaMalfa 
Lamb 
Lamborn 
Latta 
Lesko 
Lipinski 
Long 
Lucas 
Luetkemeyer 
Marshall 
Massie 
Mast 
McBath 
McCaul 
McClintock 
McKinley 
Meuser 
Miller 
Moolenaar 
Mooney (WV) 
Murphy (NC) 
Newhouse 
Nunes 
Olson 
Palazzo 
Pappas 
Pence 
Perry 
Posey 
Reed 
Rice (SC) 
Riggleman 
Roby 
Rodgers (WA) 
Roe, David P. 
Rogers (AL) 
Rogers (KY) 
Rooney (FL) 
Rose, John W. 
Rouzer 
Roy 
Rutherford 
Scalise 
Schrader 
Schweikert 
Sensenbrenner 
Shimkus 
Simpson 
Slotkin 
Smith (MO) 
Smith (NE) 
Smith (NJ) 
Smucker 
Spano 
Stauber 
Stefanik 
Steil 
Steube 
Stivers 
Taylor 
Thompson (PA) 
Thornberry 
Tiffany 
Timmons 
Tipton 
Torres Small 
(NM) 
Turner 
Upton 
Van Drew 
Walberg 
Walden 
Walker 
Walorski 
Waltz 
Watkins 
Weber (TX) 
Webster (FL) 
Wenstrup 
Westerman 
Williams 
Wilson (SC) 
Wittman 
Womack 
Woodall 
Yoho 
Young 
Zeldin 
NAYS—218 
Adams 
Aguilar 
Allred 
Axne 
Barraga´n 
Bass 
Beatty 
Bera 
Beyer 
Bishop (GA) 
Blumenauer 
Blunt Rochester 
Bonamici 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brindisi 
Brown (MD) 
Brownley (CA) 
Bustos 
Butterfield 
Carbajal 
Ca´rdenas 
Carson (IN) 
Cartwright 
Casten (IL) 
Castor (FL) 
Castro (TX) 
Chu, Judy 
Cicilline 
Cisneros 
Clark (MA) 
Clarke (NY) 
Cleaver 
Clyburn 
Cohen 
Connolly 
Cooper 
Correa 
Costa 
Courtney 
Cox (CA) 
Craig 
Crist 
Crow 
Cuellar 
Davids (KS) 
Davis (CA) 
Davis, Danny K. 
Dean 
DeFazio 
DeGette 
DeLauro 
DelBene 
Delgado 
Demings 
DeSaulnier 
Deutch 
Dingell 
Doggett 
Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Engel 
Escobar 
Eshoo 
Espaillat 
Evans 
Fletcher 
Foster 
Frankel 
Gaetz 
Gallego 
Garamendi 
Garcı´a (IL) 
Garcia (TX) 
Golden 
Gomez 
Gonzalez (TX) 
Green, Al (TX) 
Grijalva 
Haaland 
Hall 
Harder (CA) 
Hastings 
Hayes 
Heck 
Higgins (NY) 
Himes 
Horn, Kendra S. 
Horsford 
Houlahan 
Hoyer 
Huffman 
Jackson Lee 
Jayapal 
Jeffries 
Johnson (GA) 
Johnson (TX) 
Kaptur 
Keating 
Kelly (IL) 
Kennedy 
Khanna 
Kildee 
Kilmer 
Kim 
Kind 
Kirkpatrick 
Krishnamoorthi 
Kuster (NH) 
Langevin 
Larsen (WA) 
Larson (CT) 
Lawrence 
Lawson (FL) 
Lee (CA) 
Lee (NV) 
Levin (CA) 
Levin (MI) 
Lieu, Ted 
Loebsack 
Lofgren 
Lowenthal 
Lowey 
Luja´n 
Luria 
Lynch 
Malinowski 
Maloney, 
Carolyn B. 
Maloney, Sean 
Matsui 
McAdams 
McCollum 
McEachin 
McGovern 
McNerney 
Meeks 
Meng 
Mfume 
Moore 
Morelle 
Moulton 
Mucarsel-Powell 
Murphy (FL) 
Nadler 
Napolitano 
Neal 
Neguse 
Norcross 
O’Halleran 
Ocasio-Cortez 
Omar 
Pallone 
Panetta 
Pascrell 
Payne 
Perlmutter 
Peters 
Peterson 
Phillips 
Pingree 
Pocan 
Porter 
Pressley 
Price (NC) 
Quigley 
Raskin 
Rice (NY) 
Rose (NY) 
Rouda 
Roybal-Allard 
Ruiz 
Ruppersberger 
Rush 
Ryan 
Sa´nchez 
Sarbanes 
Scanlon 
Schakowsky 
Schiff 
Schneider 
Schrier 
Scott (VA) 
Scott, David 
Serrano 
Sewell (AL) 
Shalala 
Sherman 
Sherrill 
Sires 
Smith (WA) 
Soto 
Spanberger 
Speier 
Stanton 
Stevens 
Suozzi 
Swalwell (CA) 
Takano 
Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) 
Titus 
Tlaib 
Tonko 
Torres (CA) 
Trahan 
Trone 
Underwood 
Vargas 
Veasey 
Vela 
Vela´zquez 
Visclosky 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters 
Watson Coleman 
Welch 
Wexton 
Wild 
Wilson (FL) 
Yarmuth 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Amash 
NOT VOTING—37 
Abraham 
Aderholt 
Allen 
Bacon 
Brooks (IN) 
Bucshon 
Budd 
Burgess 
Calvert 
Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) 
Clay 
Collins (GA) 
Cook 
Dunn 
Finkenauer 
Foxx (NC) 
Fudge 
Gianforte 
Graves (LA) 
Higgins (LA) 
Johnson (LA) 
King (IA) 
Loudermilk 
Marchant 
McCarthy 
McHenry 
Mitchell 
Mullin 
Norman 
Palmer 
Reschenthaler 
Richmond 
Scott, Austin 
Stewart 
Wagner 
Wright 
b 1216 
Mr. COOPER, Ms. BASS, Messrs. 
BUTTERFIELD, YARMUTH, and LAR-
SEN of Washington changed their vote 
from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Messrs. 
PALAZZO, 
GUTHRIE, 
NUNES, 
and 
GONZALEZ 
of 
Ohio 
changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to 
‘‘yea.’’ 
So the motion to recommit was re-
jected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
Mr. ALLEN. Madam Speaker, due to 
COVID–19, I was unable to vote the week of 
12/2/2020. Had I been present, I would have 
voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall N. 232, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall 
No. 233, and ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 234. 
MEMBERS RECORDED PURSUANT TO HOUSE 
RESOLUTION 965, 116TH CONGRESS 
Barraga´n 
(Beyer) 
Bera (Aguilar) 
Bonamici (Clark 
(MA)) 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. (Jeffries) 
Brownley (CA) 
(Clark (MA)) 
Carson (IN) 
(Cleaver) 
Castor (FL) 
(Demings) 
Cohen (Beyer) 
Costa (Cooper) 
DeSaulnier 
(Matsui) 
Deutch (Rice 
(NY)) 
Doggett (Raskin) 
Doyle, Michael 
F. (Cartwright) 
Escobar (Garcia 
(TX)) 
Frankel (Clark 
(MA)) 
Garamendi 
(Sherman) 
Grijalva (Garcı´a 
(IL)) 
Hastings 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Higgins (NY) 
(Sa´nchez) 
Jayapal (Raskin) 
Johnson (TX) 
(Jeffries) 
Kaptur (Dingell) 
Kennedy (Kuster 
(NH)) 
Kim (Davids 
(KS)) 
Kirkpatrick 
(Stanton) 
Lamb (Golden) 
Langevin 
(Lynch) 
Lawson (FL) 
(Demings) 
Lee (NV) (Kuster 
(NH)) 
Lieu, Ted (Beyer) 
Lipinski 
(Schrader) 
Lofgren (Jeffries) 
Lowenthal 
(Beyer) 
Lowey (Tonko) 
McEachin 
(Wexton) 
McNerney 
(Raskin) 
Meng (Kuster 
(NH)) 
Moore (Beyer) 
Mucarsel-Powell 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Nadler (Jeffries) 
Napolitano 
(Correa) 
Pascrell 
(Pallone) 
Payne 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Peters (Kildee) 
Pingree (Kuster 
(NH)) 
Pocan (Raskin) 
Porter (Wexton) 
Pressley 
(Trahan) 
Price (NC) 
(Butterfield) 
Rooney (FL) 
(Beyer) 
Roybal-Allard 
Garcia (TX)) 
Ruiz (Dingell) 
Rush 
(Underwood) 
Schneider 
(Casten (IL)) 
Schrier 
(DelBene) 
Serrano 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
10:56 Dec 07, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00025
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A04DE7.012
H04DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 24-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6842 
December 4, 2020 
(Jeffries)Sires 
(Norcross) 
Speier (Scanlon) 
Thompson (CA) 
(Kildee) 
Titus (Connolly) 
Watson Coleman 
(Pallone) 
Welch 
(McGovern) 
Wilson (FL) 
(Hayes) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. 
MCCOLLUM). The question is on the pas-
sage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that 
the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mrs. LESKO. Madam Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 3 of House Resolution 
965, the yeas and nays are ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 228, nays 
164, not voting 38, as follows: 
[Roll No. 235] 
YEAS—228 
Adams 
Aguilar 
Allred 
Amash 
Axne 
Barraga´n 
Bass 
Beatty 
Bera 
Beyer 
Bishop (GA) 
Blumenauer 
Blunt Rochester 
Bonamici 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brindisi 
Brown (MD) 
Brownley (CA) 
Butterfield 
Carbajal 
Ca´rdenas 
Carson (IN) 
Cartwright 
Case 
Casten (IL) 
Castor (FL) 
Castro (TX) 
Chu, Judy 
Cicilline 
Cisneros 
Clark (MA) 
Clarke (NY) 
Cleaver 
Clyburn 
Cohen 
Connolly 
Cooper 
Correa 
Costa 
Courtney 
Craig 
Crist 
Crow 
Cunningham 
Davids (KS) 
Davis (CA) 
Davis, Danny K. 
Dean 
DeFazio 
DeGette 
DeLauro 
DelBene 
Delgado 
Demings 
DeSaulnier 
Deutch 
Dingell 
Doggett 
Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Engel 
Escobar 
Eshoo 
Espaillat 
Evans 
Finkenauer 
Fletcher 
Foster 
Frankel 
Gabbard 
Gaetz 
Gallego 
Garamendi 
Garcı´a (IL) 
Garcia (TX) 
Golden 
Gomez 
Gonzalez (TX) 
Gottheimer 
Green, Al (TX) 
Grijalva 
Haaland 
Hall 
Harder (CA) 
Hastings 
Hayes 
Heck 
Higgins (NY) 
Himes 
Horn, Kendra S. 
Horsford 
Houlahan 
Hoyer 
Huffman 
Jackson Lee 
Jayapal 
Jeffries 
Johnson (GA) 
Johnson (TX) 
Kaptur 
Keating 
Kelly (IL) 
Kennedy 
Khanna 
Kildee 
Kilmer 
Kim 
Kind 
Kirkpatrick 
Krishnamoorthi 
Kuster (NH) 
Langevin 
Larsen (WA) 
Larson (CT) 
Lawrence 
Lawson (FL) 
Lee (CA) 
Lee (NV) 
Levin (CA) 
Levin (MI) 
Lieu, Ted 
Loebsack 
Lofgren 
Lowenthal 
Lowey 
Luja´n 
Luria 
Lynch 
Malinowski 
Maloney, 
Carolyn B. 
Maloney, Sean 
Mast 
Matsui 
McAdams 
McBath 
McClintock 
McCollum 
McEachin 
McGovern 
McNerney 
Meeks 
Meng 
Mfume 
Moore 
Morelle 
Moulton 
Mucarsel-Powell 
Murphy (FL) 
Nadler 
Napolitano 
Neal 
Neguse 
Norcross 
O’Halleran 
Ocasio-Cortez 
Omar 
Pallone 
Panetta 
Pascrell 
Payne 
Perlmutter 
Peters 
Phillips 
Pingree 
Pocan 
Porter 
Pressley 
Price (NC) 
Quigley 
Raskin 
Rice (NY) 
Riggleman 
Rose (NY) 
Rouda 
Roybal-Allard 
Ruiz 
Ruppersberger 
Rush 
Ryan 
Sa´nchez 
Sarbanes 
Scanlon 
Schakowsky 
Schiff 
Schneider 
Schrader 
Schrier 
Scott (VA) 
Scott, David 
Serrano 
Sewell (AL) 
Shalala 
Sherman 
Sherrill 
Sires 
Slotkin 
Smith (WA) 
Soto 
Spanberger 
Speier 
Stanton 
Stevens 
Suozzi 
Swalwell (CA) 
Takano 
Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) 
Titus 
Tlaib 
Tonko 
Torres (CA) 
Torres Small 
(NM) 
Trahan 
Trone 
Underwood 
Vargas 
Veasey 
Vela 
Vela´zquez 
Visclosky 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters 
Watson Coleman 
Welch 
Wexton 
Wild 
Wilson (FL) 
Yarmuth 
Young 
NAYS—164 
Amodei 
Armstrong 
Arrington 
Babin 
Bacon 
Baird 
Balderson 
Banks 
Barr 
Bergman 
Biggs 
Bilirakis 
Bishop (NC) 
Bishop (UT) 
Bost 
Brady 
Brooks (AL) 
Buchanan 
Buck 
Burchett 
Bustos 
Byrne 
Chabot 
Cheney 
Cline 
Cloud 
Cole 
Comer 
Conaway 
Crawford 
Crenshaw 
Cuellar 
Curtis 
Davidson (OH) 
Davis, Rodney 
DesJarlais 
Diaz-Balart 
Duncan 
Emmer 
Estes 
Fitzpatrick 
Fleischmann 
Flores 
Fortenberry 
Fulcher 
Gallagher 
Garcia (CA) 
Gibbs 
Gohmert 
Gonzalez (OH) 
Gooden 
Gosar 
Granger 
Graves (MO) 
Green (TN) 
Griffith 
Grothman 
Guest 
Guthrie 
Hagedorn 
Harris 
Hartzler 
Hern, Kevin 
Herrera Beutler 
Hice (GA) 
Hill (AR) 
Holding 
Hollingsworth 
Hudson 
Huizenga 
Hurd (TX) 
Jacobs 
Johnson (OH) 
Johnson (SD) 
Jordan 
Joyce (OH) 
Joyce (PA) 
Katko 
Keller 
Kelly (MS) 
Kelly (PA) 
King (NY) 
Kinzinger 
Kustoff (TN) 
LaHood 
LaMalfa 
Lamb 
Lamborn 
Latta 
Lesko 
Lipinski 
Long 
Lucas 
Luetkemeyer 
Marshall 
Massie 
McCaul 
McKinley 
Meuser 
Miller 
Moolenaar 
Mooney (WV) 
Murphy (NC) 
Nunes 
Olson 
Palazzo 
Pappas 
Pence 
Perry 
Peterson 
Posey 
Reed 
Rice (SC) 
Roby 
Rodgers (WA) 
Roe, David P. 
Rogers (AL) 
Rogers (KY) 
Rooney (FL) 
Rose, John W. 
Rouzer 
Roy 
Rutherford 
Scalise 
Schweikert 
Sensenbrenner 
Shimkus 
Simpson 
Smith (MO) 
Smith (NE) 
Smith (NJ) 
Smucker 
Spano 
Stauber 
Stefanik 
Steil 
Steube 
Stivers 
Taylor 
Thompson (PA) 
Thornberry 
Tiffany 
Timmons 
Tipton 
Turner 
Upton 
Van Drew 
Walberg 
Walden 
Walker 
Walorski 
Waltz 
Watkins 
Weber (TX) 
Webster (FL) 
Wenstrup 
Westerman 
Williams 
Wilson (SC) 
Wittman 
Womack 
Woodall 
Yoho 
Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—38 
Abraham 
Aderholt 
Allen 
Brooks (IN) 
Bucshon 
Budd 
Burgess 
Calvert 
Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) 
Clay 
Collins (GA) 
Cook 
Cox (CA) 
Dunn 
Ferguson 
Foxx (NC) 
Fudge 
Gianforte 
Graves (LA) 
Higgins (LA) 
Johnson (LA) 
King (IA) 
Loudermilk 
Marchant 
McCarthy 
McHenry 
Mitchell 
Mullin 
Newhouse 
Norman 
Palmer 
Reschenthaler 
Richmond 
Scott, Austin 
Stewart 
Wagner 
Wright 
b 1308 
Mr. LARSON of Connecticut changed 
his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
Mr. KING of Iowa. Madam Speaker, I was 
unable to vote on December 3, and 4, 2020, 
due to not being in town. Had I been present, 
I would have voted as follows: ‘‘no’’ on rollcall 
No. 230; ‘‘no’’ on rollcall No. 231; ‘‘no’’ on roll-
call No. 232; ‘‘no’’ on rollcall No. 233; ‘‘yes’’ on 
rollcall No. 234; and ‘‘no’’ on rollcall No. 235. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Madam Speaker, 
on rollcall No. 233, I am not recorded because 
of circumstances which caused me to miss the 
vote. Had I been present, I would have voted 
aye. 
On rollcall No. 234, I am not recorded be-
cause of circumstances which caused me to 
miss the vote. Had I been present, I would 
have voted aye. 
On rollcall No, 235, I am not recorded be-
cause of circumstances which caused me to 
miss the vote. Had I been present, I would 
have voted nay. 
MEMBERS RECORDED PURSUANT TO HOUSE 
RESOLUTION 965, 116TH CONGRESS 
Barraga´n (Beyer) 
Bera (Aguilar) 
Bonamici (Clark 
(MA)) 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. (Jeffries) 
Brownley (CA) 
(Clark (MA)) 
Carson (IN) 
(Cleaver) 
Castor (FL) 
(Demings) 
Cohen (Beyer) 
Costa (Cooper) 
DeSaulnier 
(Matsui) 
Deutch (Rice 
(NY)) 
Doggett (Raskin) 
Doyle, Michael 
F. (Cartwright) 
Escobar (Garcia 
(TX)) 
Frankel (Clark 
(MA)) 
Garamendi 
(Sherman) 
Grijalva (Garcı´a 
(IL)) 
Hastings 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Higgins (NY) 
(Sa´nchez) 
Jayapal (Raskin) 
Johnson (TX) 
(Jeffries) 
Kaptur (Dingell) 
Kennedy (Kuster 
(NH)) 
Kim (Davids 
(KS)) 
Kirkpatrick 
(Stanton) 
Lamb (Golden) 
Langevin 
(Lynch) 
Lawson (FL) 
(Demings) 
Lee (NV) (Kuster 
(NH)) 
Lieu, Ted (Beyer) 
Lipinski 
(Schrader) 
Lofgren (Jeffries) 
Lowenthal 
(Beyer) 
Lowey (Tonko) 
McEachin 
(Wexton) 
McNerney 
(Raskin) 
Meng (Kuster 
(NH)) 
Moore (Beyer) 
Mucarsel-Powell 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Nadler (Jeffries) 
Napolitano 
(Correa) 
Pascrell 
(Pallone) 
Payne 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Peters (Kildee) 
Pingree (Kuster 
(NH)) 
Pocan (Raskin) 
Porter (Wexton) 
Pressley 
(Trahan) 
Price (NC) 
(Butterfield) 
Rooney (FL) 
(Beyer) 
Roybal-Allard 
(Garcia (TX)) 
Ruiz (Dingell) 
Rush 
(Underwood) 
Schneider 
(Casten (IL)) 
Schrier 
(DelBene) 
Serrano 
(Jeffries) 
Sires (Norcross) 
Speier (Scanlon) 
Thompson (CA) 
(Kildee) 
Titus (Connolly) 
Watson Coleman 
(Pallone) 
Welch 
(McGovern) 
Wilson (FL) 
(Hayes) 
f 
b 1315 
LEGISLATIVE BUSINESS 
(Mr. SCALISE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I rise for 
the purpose of inquiring to the major-
ity leader the schedule for next week. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman 
from Maryland (Mr. HOYER), my friend 
and the majority leader of the House. 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, on Monday, the House 
will meet at 12 p.m. for legislative 
business. Members are advised that 
votes are expected as early as 2 p.m. 
I want to repeat that. We are going 
in at 12 p.m. Votes can be as early as 2 
p.m. 
This is unusual for the first day of 
the week. I have advised and urged 
Members to stay here this weekend— 
most of them I have talked to are—be-
cause, clearly, we are trying to get two 
critical pieces of legislation done, 
which we will speak to, I think, in a 
little bit. 
On Tuesday and Wednesday, the 
House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
10:56 Dec 07, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00026
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A04DE7.019
H04DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 25-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6843 
December 4, 2020 
hour debate and 12 p.m. for legislative 
business. 
On Thursday, the House will meet at 
9 a.m. for legislative business. 
I advise Members that we still have 
to pass an omnibus and we have to pass 
a COVID–19 relief bill, and we will not 
adjourn the Congress until such time 
as we can accomplish those two objec-
tives. 
I was hopeful that we would accom-
plish those objectives by next Thurs-
day. Unfortunately, things are not 
moving as rapidly as I think they 
ought to—I would like them to, but as 
they ought to be moving—so that 
Members need to be advised that they 
need to keep their schedules very, very 
flexible until such time as we pass both 
of those pieces of legislation. 
We will, in addition, consider several 
bills under suspension of the rules. The 
complete list of suspensions will be an-
nounced by the close of business today. 
I will say something further on sus-
pensions. Somebody said: Oh, well, we 
are not passing important bills. 
That is not accurate. Somehow, when 
we have agreement, it is not looked as 
important. On suspensions, it simply 
means we have an agreement between 
the parties that we can pass those bills 
because they are bipartisan and the 
overwhelming majority of Members 
agree on them. So we are passing bills 
that are good bills but not controver-
sial, and that is a good thing. 
But we will consider several bills 
under suspension. As I said, the com-
plete list will be available at the close 
of business today. 
The House will consider the fiscal 
year 2021 National Defense Authoriza-
tion Act conference report. I am very 
pleased that we have a bipartisan, bi-
cameral agreement on NDAA and look 
forward to it overwhelmingly passing 
both Chambers next week and, if nec-
essary, overriding a threatened veto by 
President Trump. 
This is a critically important bill to 
pass. It always passes, and I am hopeful 
that we will come together on this bill. 
It was a tough conference but a good 
conference, and the result, I think, can 
be supported by both sides of the aisle, 
signed, obviously, by the Senate Re-
publican chairman and our chairman 
here in the House. 
As Members know, the continuing 
resolution expires on December 11; 
therefore, the authority for spending to 
keep government running will expire 
on the 11th. The Committee on Appro-
priations is hard at work on reaching 
an agreement on an omnibus, and I 
hope to bring that to the floor as early 
as possible. I am hopeful that will be 
next week. 
Frankly, I have had a discussion with 
Senator MCCONNELL. I am told there is 
no agreement that we cannot make on 
the 11th that will be easier to make on 
the 18th, which is the end of the fol-
lowing week. I would urge Members, 
however, to ensure that they are avail-
able for the week of the 14th if we have 
not completed our business by next 
week. 
The House may also consider addi-
tional 
legislation 
to 
address 
the 
coronavirus pandemic, as I have al-
ready said. The House has passed two 
different Heroes bills. 
We passed the bill on May 15th, 6 
months ago, to deal with this extraor-
dinary crisis placing millions of Ameri-
cans at risk, causing deep emotional 
and physical distress and a challenge 
not only to their health, but also to 
their psychological welfare, and to edu-
cating our children and keeping our 
schools safe and providing the re-
sources necessary that, if we can get 
children back in school—which I think 
all of us want to do—that we can ac-
complish that objective. 
The House has also passed, on Octo-
ber 1, some 2 months ago, a $2.2 trillion 
bill. That was not taken up by the Sen-
ate. The Senate has passed no legisla-
tion since May 15th. They did not con-
sider our bill either time, neither the 
Heroes 1 bill nor the Heroes 2. 
It is unfortunate, in my view, that 
Senate Republicans have failed to act, 
even if they didn’t act on what we 
wanted to do. I am pleased that the 
Speaker and Senate majority leader 
spoke yesterday. I have spoken to him 
three times this week, and I hope that 
we can get an agreement. The House 
stands ready to act next week. 
Lastly, as everybody understands, 
when you get to the end of a session, 
we don’t contemplate everything that 
might be on the agenda, so other pieces 
of legislation may be on the agenda 
next week or the week thereafter. 
Again, I reiterate, I am very hopeful 
that we can get this business done by 
next week. 
Mr. Speaker, the reason I scheduled 
the 11th as the CR day is because I 
wanted to make sure we could get 
Members home. With the COVID crisis, 
the pandemic has exploded. 
Members ought not to be aggregating 
here on the House floor or aggregating 
here in Washington. They ought to be 
home. And if we got out on the 11th— 
I want to get through on the 10th so we 
can send a bill to the Senate. However, 
if we left on the 11th, it will be 14 days 
before Christmas, and, therefore, if 
Members leaving Washington had to 
quarantine 
themselves, 
they 
would 
have sufficient time to do so so that 
they could be with their families on 
Christmas Day. 
I would hope that everyone on the 
Committee 
on 
Appropriations, 
the 
leadership—myself 
included—would 
feel the urgency of passing this needed 
legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. 
Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman. 
There are a few items relating to leg-
islation that I want to bring up with 
the gentleman, but before that, I did 
want to mention that it is my under-
standing that the floor director for the 
majority leader, Ms. Shuwanza Goff— 
the last thing I would want to do is em-
barrass her here on the House floor, but 
it is my understanding she may be 
leaving. 
Mr. HOYER. It is a vicious rumor 
that has been spread abroad in the 
country. 
Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I would 
be happy to yield time to her if she 
would like to deny that rumor, but 
while that may create some issues, I 
would like to say that, if this is the 
last time that we do this colloquy be-
fore the end of this year, it has been a 
true pleasure to work with Shuwanza 
Goff. 
My whole staff has enjoyed working 
with her, and especially on those areas 
where we agree—the CARES Act and 
USMCA come to mind as recent major 
accomplishments that this legislative 
body has done together, Republicans 
and Democrats—and she, I know, has 
been that conduit who works with our 
staff on the Republican side. We con-
sidered it a true joy to work with her. 
She doesn’t schedule every bill I ask 
her to schedule, but I will blame that 
on 
the 
majority 
leader, 
not 
on 
Shuwanza. 
Mr. Speaker, if I can, in all serious-
ness, say, it has truly been a treat and 
a joy, and she is one of the people who 
makes this place work when it does 
work. 
We can always talk about the things 
that we would like to achieve that we 
can’t, but there are many important 
things we achieve, like those impor-
tant pieces of legislation I talked 
about and many others that don’t get 
that same kind of attention, but they 
wouldn’t happen without the work and 
the great leadership that Shuwanza has 
demonstrated here. She will be missed 
here, and I just wanted to mention 
that. 
I know the gentleman feels probably 
even stronger, because she has worked 
for him for the whole time I have been 
in leadership, but, I think, going back 
to maybe 2008. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gen-
tleman. 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I may get 
into this next week, and I am hopeful 
that the gentleman is right that we 
don’t have a colloquy next week, that 
we would have completed our business, 
as I have been talking about. 
Mr. Speaker, I have been blessed, the 
House has been blessed, the country 
has been blessed by Shuwanza Goff’s 
leadership on this floor on my behalf 
and on the majority’s behalf, working 
closely with the minority. And I know 
that Shuwanza would want me to say 
that she looks forward to the same 
kind of cooperation in her new job that 
she has gotten in her old job, and if the 
gentleman wants to assure her of that, 
I will yield to him. 
Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I will 
give this assurance to the majority 
leader, that if you are looking for a re-
placement, I would be happy to provide 
recommendations and even participate 
in the interview process, if that would 
be helpful to the gentleman from 
Maryland. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
10:56 Dec 07, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00027
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K04DE7.028
H04DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 26-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6844 
December 4, 2020 
Mr. HOYER. The gentleman is most 
generous. 
Mr. SCALISE. I think the generosity 
probably ends there with today’s col-
loquy. I am sure we will have that op-
portunity next week to have a longer 
conversation, but I truly do want to 
pass that on to Shuwanza, and not just 
on behalf of myself, but on behalf of 
the minority leader, Mr. MCCARTHY, 
and his staff, as well as mine, and all of 
us in leadership who get to work with 
her. 
Mr. Speaker, I do want to mention, 
on the schedule next week, one of the 
items that I know we have worked on 
together and talked about that I be-
lieve the gentleman has scheduled for 
next week is S. 578, which is the ALS 
Disability Insurance Access Act, some-
thing that we have worked on, a num-
ber of these items, for people with 
ALS. 
The Steve Gleason Act was one of 
those items we worked on a few years 
ago, passed to help people with ALS, 
and has been a tremendous, tremen-
dous benefit to people struggling with 
ALS. 
Steve Gleason is a constituent and a 
dear friend, somebody whom we have 
worked with on many things. He re-
ceived earlier this year—it seems like 
years ago, but just January of this 
year, he was the recipient of the Con-
gressional Gold Medal, and deservedly 
so. 
He and I were communicating earlier 
this week about this legislation, which 
I am a cosponsor of, and I just want to 
thank the gentleman for scheduling 
that for the floor next week. 
One of those areas, as you were talk-
ing about earlier, that might not get a 
lot of attention but an issue that both 
Republicans 
and 
Democrats 
have 
worked on is to help people with ALS 
who, right now, under current law, 
even after the diagnosis with ALS—as 
we know, it is just a devastating diag-
nosis—have to wait 5 months to get the 
normal benefits that they are entitled 
to. And time is very, very critical to 
people with ALS. This eliminates that 
5-month gap where they would have to 
wait, one of those additional occasions 
where it takes an act of Congress to fix 
this. 
The Senate acted, and quickly, now, 
the House will be acting to address this 
deficiency that needs to be fixed. I 
think you will see both sides come to-
gether with a very large vote, but I 
thank the gentleman for scheduling 
that for the floor next week. 
I yield to the gentleman, if you have 
anything to add on that. 
Mr. HOYER. Well, I was pleased to 
schedule this. Obviously, as you know, 
it passed the Senate the other day. 
Hopefully, we will pass it on suspension 
next week and it will be sent to the 
President. Hopefully, the President 
will sign it. 
Obviously, ALS is just a terrible, ter-
rible disease, and a disease that acts 
very, very quickly, which means that 
there is a premium on the govern-
ment’s response to assisting people 
with ALS be quick as well. 
Mr. Speaker, as we know, what this 
bill does is it provides an acceleration 
for people who are suffering from and 
afflicted with ALS to get assistance. 
So, hopefully, the House will pass it 
and will send it to the President. 
I appreciate the gentleman’s cospon-
sorship of the bill. 
Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman. 
Mr. Speaker, as relates to the sched-
ule next week, as well as the schedule 
we have had this week, I want to bring 
up a piece of legislation that we have 
talked about here in this colloquy and 
in other venues for months now, and 
that 
is 
the 
bill 
by 
Congressman 
CHABOT, H.R. 8265, which is the Pay-
check Protection Program Extension 
Act. 
We have seen over these last few 
months our small businesses have 
struggled tremendously. Some indus-
tries have done better during this pan-
demic where they have seen increased 
sales for various reasons, but we have 
mostly seen and heard from so many of 
those businesses and industries that 
have been devastated, some harder 
than others, but so many devastated to 
the point of bankruptcy. Daily, we see 
stories of businesses that closed their 
doors for good. 
Mr. Speaker, in the State of New 
York alone, it was reported that one- 
third of all small businesses—one- 
third—will never open again. We came 
together to do the CARES Act, to pass 
that lifeline to so many small busi-
nesses—saved probably 50 million jobs 
in America, saved millions of small 
businesses—but it expired; and when it 
expired, we learned a lot more about 
where our economy was at that time. 
When we passed it, it was at the very 
beginning of the pandemic. We now saw 
over those months which businesses 
were doing better, which weren’t, and 
came back in September with a piece 
of legislation that would free up money 
that is not going to have to be bor-
rowed, money that is actually sitting 
in that account, frozen, $137 billion 
that we already appropriated. But the 
program expired so it can’t be used 
anymore unless we change the law. 
So, we are not talking about creating 
a new program. We are talking about 
going back to a program that was 
maybe one of the most successful 
things that we have done to help people 
in need—not just those small busi-
nesses, but the millions, 50-plus million 
people whose livelihoods depend on 
those jobs. 
The bill was brought forward, had a 
lot of bipartisan interest, but for var-
ious reasons hasn’t been scheduled on 
this House floor. And there were re-
ports that maybe it was tied to waiting 
on the election or whatever other 
things. 
In fact, the Speaker of the House, 
just today, made a comment that one 
of the reasons a certain relief package 
bill wasn’t brought to the House floor 
is because she was waiting on a ‘‘new 
President.’’ I hope that was a quote 
that was made out of context or maybe 
needs to be revised. 
b 1330 
There are millions of people that are 
literally facing the elimination of their 
livelihoods, and we have a bill that, if 
it was put on the floor today, yester-
day, or September, when we first had 
this conversation, there would be hun-
dreds of thousands of businesses still 
open today that are now bankrupt, 
that will never open again. Every day 
we wait, more businesses don’t reopen. 
Clearly, we are negotiating to try to 
get an agreement on bigger issues. We 
are not there. We weren’t there last 
month; we weren’t there the month be-
fore. The Senate has tried to take up 
votes on things. It wasn’t the Repub-
licans; it was the Democrats that 
blocked those bills coming up. This, by 
the way, was one of those in the pack-
age that would have been voted on by 
the Senate, if not for Senate Demo-
crats blocking even the debate on the 
Senate floor. So they never had that 
debate. 
On this floor, just today, we saw a 
bill to legalize marijuana. You saw 
items in there where it would give ad-
ditional money to people in the mari-
juana industry. This is something that 
Congress, I am sure, will continue to 
debate. 
But there is a pandemic where, 
today, we have businesses that are 
shutting their doors. Tomorrow, busi-
nesses will go bankrupt forever, small 
businesses. We can help them. Not with 
a new program that we need to nego-
tiate the details over, but something 
we already did that was so highly suc-
cessful that we have a track record to 
show what it can do. 
Our small banks, local community 
banks, were part of that process and 
are ready to go again. Again, we don’t 
need to reinvent the wheel here. This is 
an existing program that has got exist-
ing, remaining money, but the program 
is frozen and expired. This bill just re-
news it and could pass on the suspen-
sion calendar, and it still hasn’t been 
brought up. 
While 
we 
are 
negotiating 
other 
things, why not release this hostage 
and let this bill pass. It could have 
been done today. It wasn’t a lack of 
time. When we are debating legalizing 
marijuana instead of saving small busi-
nesses, that is a misplaced priority of 
this Congress. We should have come to-
gether months ago. September 16, it 
was 
introduced. 
September 
17, 
I 
brought it up to the majority leader at 
this colloquy. The following week 
brought it up again. 
Then we filed a discharge petition. 
You had, I think, 23 Democrats sign a 
letter saying they would sign that dis-
charge petition if we didn’t get a bipar-
tisan agreement, recognizing that the 
Heroes Act is not a bipartisan agree-
ment. Unfortunately, not one of those 
Members who signed the letter saying 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
10:56 Dec 07, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00028
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K04DE7.029
H04DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 27-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6845 
December 4, 2020 
they would sign the discharge have 
signed the discharge. Talk is cheap 
around here. 
Livelihoods are being lost. Businesses 
are shuttering for good. Why can’t this 
bill be scheduled for the floor while we 
work on the other things that we are 
not in agreement on? This is something 
we are in agreement on. But it won’t be 
scheduled for the floor. 
Maybe we can get an agreement to 
schedule that Monday when we are 
coming in at 2 o’clock to vote on other 
items. This would be something that 
would get 400-plus votes, if it was just 
scheduled. 
I yield to the gentleman. 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman for his observations. He 
is right; we are for this. 
We are also for making sure that 
children have food on their tables. We 
are also supportive of making sure that 
education facilities have the money to 
keep their venues safe and to keep edu-
cation flowing. We are also for making 
sure that childcare is available to par-
ents who can go back to work, when 
and if their children go back to school. 
We are also for having critical money 
for testing and tracing and, yes, for de-
livering the vaccinations. Yes, we are 
for that, and we are also for States and 
localities that are hemorrhaging rev-
enue to have the resources to continue 
to be on the front line of fighting the 
battle against COVID–19. 
We are also for resources, not only to 
have created the vaccine—almost all of 
which is being funded by the Federal 
Government—but we are also for mak-
ing sure we can deliver that vaccine 
and have vaccinations as well as hav-
ing a vaccine. 
We are very strongly for helping the 
extraordinary number of unemployed, 
who are on unemployment insurance, 
and who, at the end of this month, are 
going to find it goes away. We are for 
having an additional enhancement of 
that unemployment insurance, which 
so many economists will tell you from 
the CARES Act, was absolutely essen-
tial to keep the economy afloat. 
And the fact that we have kept the 
economy afloat, as shown by—appar-
ently, the stock market thinks we are 
okay—the millions and millions and 
millions of families who are in deep 
distress and are not okay. I am ap-
palled by the fact that we have not 
acted. 
We have acted twice. You say it was 
partisan. That is true; you chose not to 
vote for it. It wasn’t much different 
than the CARES Act, which you did 
vote for. But, apparently, shortly after 
we passed the Heroes Act, your leader, 
Mr. MCCARTHY, said, Let’s wait and see 
what happens. And Senator MCCONNELL 
said, Let the States go bankrupt. 
Well, they are on that road. And we 
have seen what happened by waiting. 
We have thousands of our fellow citi-
zens dying every week, now over 260,000 
Americans; millions afflicted. 
So I tell my friend, Mr. Speaker, that 
we care about PPP, and we took care of 
it in both bills we passed. It wasn’t a 
question that they were partisan or not 
partisan. They weren’t taken up in the 
United States Senate. We passed them. 
They were not taken up. 
Yes, the Senate leader offered a bill 
that every economist with whom I 
have talked said was not substantive 
enough, not sufficient resources to stop 
the hemorrhaging, and to help fight 
COVID–19. 
So I tell my friend, we are for that 
bill. What we are not for is forgetting 
the kids, the families, the hospital 
workers, the researchers, the States, 
the localities. We are not for forgetting 
them. We believe that if we pass one 
part of a multifaceted response to 
COVID–19 and the implication for our 
economy, that will not be what our 
economy, nor our people, need. 
We would ask you to talk to the Sen-
ate or to offer your own bill. Offer your 
own bill that deals with all of those 
millions of people that I just ref-
erenced that are in deep, deep distress. 
We need to deal with the small busi-
nesses, and we do. We need to deal with 
the unemployed and we do. 
We have a lot of things expiring on 
December 31, PPP—your bill, does not 
deal with any of that. We need to deal 
with all of it. We ought to do it. Mr. 
CHABOT’s bill ought to be a part of 
that, and it will be, because we are 
committed to that. But we are also 
committed to not forgetting all of 
those people and elements that I men-
tioned. 
I want to help the airlines. And, 
hopefully, that will be in any deal that 
we come to. I want to help the res-
taurants. 
These 
are 
people 
who, 
through no fault of their own, are dev-
astated. 
So I tell my friend, he is right, but 
only partially so. He is right that we 
ought to be helping the small busi-
nesses. But I don’t think there is a 
small businessman in America that 
would say let the nutrition issue go, as 
we see lines of cars and lines of people 
getting food boxes so they can put food 
on their table for their kids and them-
selves, people who never, ever, ex-
pected in their lives to be in a food 
line. I think the small businessmen 
would say, take care of them. I think 
the small businessmen would say, I 
haven’t been able to pay taxes, and I 
know the State is still operating hos-
pitals, still fixing the roads, still hiring 
police and fire, and hiring nurses in 
public hospitals. They need help, too. 
We are all in this together. That is 
my response to the gentleman, Mr. 
Speaker. 
We want to have a comprehensive bill 
that will deal with a comprehensive 
threat to our economy and to the 
health of our people and to the welfare 
of our people. We think that is the re-
sponsible thing to do. 
I am hopeful that we can get an 
agreement in the near term. When I 
say, ‘‘the near term,’’ by next week. I 
have been talking to Senator MCCON-
NELL towards that end. The Speaker is 
talking to Senator MCCONNELL towards 
that end. 
The Senators are working on an ef-
fort to get that done. I am hopeful they 
are successful. The Speaker and Mr. 
SCHUMER said it was a place that they 
could negotiate from, which means we 
are closer than we have been, and I 
hope it gets done. 
Mr. SCALISE. Let me remind the 
gentleman that in the CARES Act, we 
addressed many of those issues that 
the gentleman already brought up, 
starting with the States. 
In fact, I don’t know of a single State 
in this country who has spent all of the 
money we sent them. Educational op-
portunities for schools to reopen safely 
and educate kids are being denied in 
some places but not in others, but it is 
not from a lack of money. There is not 
a single school system I have heard 
from, where we sent them the money— 
and by the way, they still have mil-
lions, and in some cases, billions of 
those dollars sitting in their account, 
idle, that can be used today to safely 
reopen schools. 
If the State chooses not to do it or if 
the school system chooses not to do it, 
that is on them. But they are denying 
those kids opportunities. We are seeing 
report after report, scientific studies, 
the American Academy of Pediatrics, 
talking about the damage that is being 
done to our young children by being de-
nied the opportunity to go back to 
school in classroom and learn. It is 
devastating to those kids. 
Suicides are up and opioid abuse is 
up, because of all of these things, and 
it is the small businesses that are pay-
ing the biggest price. 
If you look, people that are getting 
unemployment insurance at the State 
level—we did enhanced unemployment 
insurance for a period of time, and in 
most cases we were paying people more 
money not to work than they were 
making before they lost their job. 
What they ask me is not that they 
want to stay on unemployment. They 
want to go back to work. They want 
their business to be alive when they go 
back to work. But if a small business 
closes for good, the cost to us is going 
to be dramatically higher. 
If we can right now throw that life-
line, again, to those businesses—not 
with a new program, not with things 
that we don’t agree on, like $900 billion 
to bail out failed States, which is the 
Heroes Act. We already spent hundreds 
of billions of dollars that we gave to 
States. Like I said, I think every single 
State has some of that money left. 
Some have billions of dollars of that 
money left. 
So the idea that we are going to hold 
up relief to small business, who are 
closing every day, hundreds of thou-
sands—a third of every small business 
in the State of New York is gone for 
good. How many more need to die be-
fore this problem is recognized by this 
Congress? 
So those States are sitting on money, 
and the gentleman wants to hold up re-
lief to small businesses to give another 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
10:56 Dec 07, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00029
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K04DE7.031
H04DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 28-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6846 
December 4, 2020 
$900 billion to bail out States, not for 
the COVID damage, but the problems 
they had before. That is what the He-
roes Act disagreement was about. We 
agreed on giving States money. They 
still have some of that money, and it 
can be used to reopen schools safely, 
still today. 
What is not there right now is relief 
for those small businesses. So when 
you look at all of these different 
things—the vaccine, they are not wait-
ing on approving a vaccine based on 
more money coming in. We put money 
in the CARES Act, and President 
Trump spent it effectively on Oper-
ation Warp Speed to get us to the point 
where we have not one, but two—Pfizer 
and Moderna—ready to go. 
The FDA is about to approve two dif-
ferent vaccines, and it is being mass 
produced today. We are not waiting on 
money to mass produce it. The Depart-
ment of Defense is actually involved in 
helping distribute it. Airlines have al-
ready been contracted to get it out. 
Some need to be air-conditioned more 
than others. All of that is put in place. 
If we need more money, we will come 
together and get more money. But a 
vaccine is not waiting on us to send 
them more money. We need to get it 
out. We need the FDA to follow their 
process, which they are doing. They are 
the gold standard in the world for ap-
proving vaccines, and it is unheard of, 
in the history of mankind, for a virus, 
that we didn’t even know of until a 
year and two days ago in the world, to 
now be on the brink of not one, but two 
FDA-approved vaccines. That is hap-
pening because of what we did coming 
together with the CARES Act and then 
President 
Trump’s 
Operation 
Warp 
Speed. 
These aren’t items that are waiting 
on our relief. What is waiting is relief 
for small businesses. 
Now, the Heroes Act, again, it was a 
partisan exercise, not because it was 
mostly like the CARES Act. It was 
very different from the CARES Act. In 
the Heroes Act, there are billions of 
dollars in that bill to give checks to 
people here illegally. That wasn’t part 
of any agreement. It wasn’t in the 
CARES Act. That is new policy that is 
not going to be signed into law. 
If you want to negotiate and hold 
small businesses hostage on that, we 
may never get relief for small busi-
nesses. But that was one of the items 
in the Heroes Act where we had no 
agreement. 
b 1345 
But the areas where we had agree-
ment, can we at least agree to pass the 
things we have agreement on? 
And what did we have more agree-
ment on than anything? The PPP, 
proven to be so successful that literally 
every day we hear from small busi-
nesses that say they would not be alive 
today if not for the PPP. But we also 
hear from small businesses every day 
who are about to close. 
Some States are talking about shut-
ting their whole State down again. 
We know that is going to lead to 
businesses that will never come back. 
And we have a bill ready to go that 
would get massive bipartisan support 
without a new dime of money, money 
sitting frozen in an account that would 
help those small businesses. The cri-
teria is you have to have at least 25 
percent loss. 
So your small businesses that are 
doing well today—again, we know 
there are some that are doing better 
today than they were a year ago, but 
we also know some are about to close 
for good. We can help them, not with 
new policy that we are not in agree-
ment on. That is where the negotia-
tions are continuing to go back and 
forth on. 
But if there is something we all agree 
on, do we really need to hold that hos-
tage, when that means that many of 
those businesses will never come back? 
We could have done this in Sep-
tember. It was brought up in Sep-
tember. It is not a new item. 
How many thousands of businesses 
died from the day that that bill was in-
troduced to today and will die again 
between now and Monday? 
It can be put on the schedule Mon-
day. It is not going to stop the negotia-
tions on the other things. There are 
other things that we are both in agree-
ment on that aren’t part of that bill. 
Bring that as a stand-alone. Let’s bring 
each of those items that we are in 
agreement on. 
But the idea that we hold everything 
hostage to things that aren’t going to 
happen, hundreds of billions to failed 
States, giving checks to people who 
aren’t here legally, is that really a pri-
ority? 
Is that really the things we are get-
ting called on every day? 
The folks that are on unemployment 
want to be able to go back to their job. 
If the company is dead and gone, there 
will be nothing to go back to. And so 
we are working on so many items that 
we are in agreement on. We have given 
money to our health experts to con-
tinue to focus on the virus, to continue 
to get the vaccine, and we may have 
another two—could be four—vaccines 
by the end of this year. That is some-
thing we all ought to applaud because 
of what we did when we came together. 
But here is an area where we already 
came together. It was so successful 
that that money now is frozen, and 
those businesses that did well are still 
doing well. The ones that aren’t will or 
will not be alive in a month from now, 
based on whether or not we confront 
this. It is not new policy. It is some-
thing we already agreed on, and some-
thing we already celebrated as a suc-
cess. Let’s do that one more time while 
we negotiate on the things we are in 
disagreement with. 
Mr. Speaker, I would just suggest 
that, and I yield to the gentleman. 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman for suggesting that. I 
didn’t hear him talk about the children 
who are having trouble getting food on 
their tables every morning and every 
evening. I didn’t hear him talk about 
the unemployed, the 12 million Amer-
ican workers who are going to run out 
of unemployment as of the end of this 
month. 
Mr. Speaker, I did hear him talk 
about the failed States. Let me tell 
you, Maryland is not a failed State, 
and our Governor is a Republican. His 
name is Hogan. His father served in 
this body. He, along with Mr. Cuomo, 
the Governor of New York, said the 
States, meaning all the States, need 
substantial assistance or they are 
going to have to make substantial 
cuts. In my State, we have made cuts, 
and we are a wealthy State. We have 
made cuts, which have undermined the 
States’s ability to respond as robustly 
as they need to do to COVID–19. 
Now, the President wants to talk 
about failed States. What he really 
means is blue States, Mr. Speaker. 
That is what he means—large States 
like New York; large States like Cali-
fornia. By the way, Florida and Texas 
are in the same position. Now, Texas 
has a greater surplus. But failed States 
is a fake news item. 
Mr. Speaker, what we should do is 
come together and have an agreement. 
Now, we can pass something here, and 
we did pass something here. The Re-
publicans chose to join us, Mr. Speak-
er, on the first three bills. One was an 
$8.3 billion bill responding to $1.2 tril-
lion or $2.2 trillion that the President 
asked for. In other words, four times 
what the President asked for. In terms 
of what we have done, that seems like 
small potatoes, a lot of money. 
But it was clear that the administra-
tion’s response to this crisis was woe-
fully inadequate, represented by that 
first bill that they sent to us, knowing 
full well that it would not even come 
close to meeting the needs. So we in-
creased it about 400 percent. The 
Speaker then negotiated with Mr. 
Mnuchin and came up with two addi-
tional bills that were passed in a bipar-
tisan fashion. 
And, very frankly, the President told 
us this was about to go away. Not to 
worry. It is going to go away. It will go 
away tomorrow maybe or next week. It 
is going to go away when the weather 
gets warm. And Dr. Fauci said: No, Mr. 
President, that won’t happen. So, es-
sentially, the President dismissed Dr. 
Fauci as a principal adviser. Thank-
fully, Mr. Biden, President-elect Biden, 
is going to bring him back as the prin-
cipal adviser, one of the great experts 
in the world on vaccines and on infec-
tious diseases. 
So I am somewhat frustrated that we 
focus on one facet. But I will tell you, 
if those 12 million people become un-
employed 
without 
assistance, 
they 
won’t have any money to spend on 
small businesses. If those States don’t 
have the ability to operate properly, 
that will hurt small businesses. If the 
transportation system faltered, it will 
hurt small businesses. 
Mr. Speaker, my point is that we are 
e pluribus unum: Out of many, one. We 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
10:56 Dec 07, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00030
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K04DE7.033
H04DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 29-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6847 
December 4, 2020 
are a nation reliant upon one another, 
and the harm to one results in the 
harm to the other. Therefore, we be-
lieve that there ought to be a com-
prehensive piece of legislation, as there 
was overwhelmingly supported. 
But the Republicans, after CARES, 
and when we passed the Heroes Act in 
May, passed it on May 15, they thought 
everything was hunky-dory and they 
walked away. 
Mr. MCCONNELL said the States can 
go bankrupt. Think of the consequence 
that would have had. And, yes, we gave 
them some money under CARES. No-
body, when we voted on CARES, 
thought we would be where we are 
today. Nobody, except Dr. Fauci, and 
some other experts, scientists, medical 
personnel, said: Look, this thing is 
going to come back, that is what hap-
pens with these pandemics. They have 
an original assault, and then they 
come back. And they came back with a 
vengeance, and people are losing their 
lives. 
And the failure to pass a comprehen-
sive bill—we agree, we want to help 
these small businesses. Heroes 1 helped 
small businesses. Heroes 2, you didn’t 
vote for those. You said they were par-
tisan. I am not sure what was partisan 
about them. They were no more par-
tisan than the CARES Act was par-
tisan. Mr. Speaker, the difference was, 
very frankly, the Republicans decided 
they were going to vote for CARES, 
and then they decided, we have done 
enough. And we have been twisting in 
the wind now for 6 months since we 
passed Heroes. 
I don’t want to make a speculation of 
how many hundreds of thousands or 
tens of thousands of lives may have 
been saved had we passed Heroes 1, or 
we acted much sooner out of the ad-
ministration. But I am hopeful we can 
get rid of all this ‘‘who struck John, 
you did it, I did it, who did it,’’ and 
come to grips in the next 7 days, maybe 
14 days. There is no reason why we 
can’t come to an agreement. 
There is a bipartisan group in the 
United States Senate, Republicans and 
Democrats, who have come up with a 
bill, $908 billion. Now, that is a lot of 
money. But what they try to do is deal 
with all of the issues that I have 
raised, and they do. Maybe not as much 
as I think we ought to do, maybe not as 
specifically targeted as I think, but it 
is a basis for agreement. And I hope the 
Senate passes it. I hope they pass it 
next week and send it over to us. 
I guarantee you when they send it 
over to us, we will act on it. We won’t 
leave it sitting, as Heroes 1 and Heroes 
2 have sat in the Senate for 6 months, 
or 21⁄2 months. We won’t let it sit. 
Why? 
Because the country is at risk. Our 
people are at risk. Our children are at 
risk. Our families are at risk. 
Mr. Speaker, as you so correctly 
point out, the whip points out that our 
businesses are at risk. He is absolutely 
right and we need to act. But if we only 
act on small businesses and we don’t 
take care of the other problems, the 
small businesses ultimately will not be 
able to survive either. We are in this 
together. 
We do not have a policy on this side 
of the aisle saying: You are on your 
own, children; you are on your own, un-
employed; you are on your own, States, 
localities, municipals, small towns, 
small counties. 
That is not our policy. We are in this 
together, and we want to help all of 
those in distress. 
Mr. Speaker, I don’t know that I will 
have anything more to say on this par-
ticular item, but I am appreciative of 
Mr. CHABOT’s bill. I hope that his bill is 
included, and I hope that we can pass 
something next week to help all of 
those in deep distress. That would be 
good for our country. It is the right 
thing to do. It is the moral thing to do, 
and I hope we do it. I will facilitate it 
when we get to an agreement. I thank 
the gentleman. 
Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman, too. In terms of our 
children, we know sending them back 
to school safely, the protocols are out 
there. Child nutrition programs are ad-
ministered in our schools. That is not 
happening because the kids are in 
those systems where they are not safe-
ly reopened. Those kids aren’t able to 
get the school lunch programs. 
Mr. HOYER. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. SCALISE. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Maryland. 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I don’t 
know about your school system, but 
my school system is still providing 
meals for kids either as a pick-up at 
the school or delivery at some site, be-
cause that is a critical problem, but 
they need money to do that. We know 
that food banks are stretched, and we 
need to deal with that program. That is 
my point. It is not just small busi-
nesses. It is that nutrition program. 
I just wanted to clarify that in my 
school districts, we are delivering 
meals, notwithstanding the fact that 
schools are shut down. 
Let me say something else just as an 
aside. Three of my counties have a ma-
jority, if not unanimous, county com-
missioners who are all Republican. 
They have all voted to keep the school 
systems virtual, as have my other 
counties. 
I represent five counties, essentially, 
or parts thereof. They have all voted. 
Hearing from parents and teachers, and 
perhaps some students, they are all vir-
tual. They will need as much money to 
continue virtuality as they will to get 
kids back in school. They need extra 
resources to do that. 
The $908 billion bill that is agreed or 
proposed by a bipartisan group in the 
Senate has money in that bill for those 
programs. 
Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, those 
schools already have access to the $150 
billion that we sent the States that 
they haven’t even already spent. If I 
gave you money to do something and 
you haven’t even used all that money, 
you can’t use that as an excuse for not 
doing it, and saying: I am waiting for 
you to give me more money, when you 
still have money remaining. 
And I agree with the gentleman on 
the school lunch program. The thing 
there is that we don’t give a supple-
ment to schools in normal times. These 
are not normal times. But in normal 
times, schools feed kids at lunch with 
the existing budgets they have. They 
don’t wait for us to send extra money 
to them to feed the kids. 
If they are not educating the kids in 
the classroom, they are still taking 
that money. I haven’t seen them rebate 
the money to those families in commu-
nities. 
So what are they doing with that 
money? 
If you bring the kids back and edu-
cate them safely in the classroom, 
which the protocols allow for in any 
community, high risk, low risk, if you 
have got a high outbreak, there are dif-
ferent ways to handle each community. 
The CDC has given them guidelines. 
The Academy of Pediatrics have given 
them guidelines. Some school systems 
have chosen not to follow them and 
leave the kids at home, but they are 
still taking the money. 
b 1400 
There has never been a better argu-
ment for school choice and letting par-
ents choose. If one school system is 
willing to educate your child safely and 
the other is not, why shouldn’t you be 
able to take that money and send your 
child to the place that is willing to do 
it safely for you? 
It is not a question of the money. It 
is a question of the will to do it. 
But when we talk about those busi-
nesses and what was in the CARES Act 
and what wasn’t, the CARES Act was 
not the Heroes Act. I think the gen-
tleman knows some of the differences. 
I will tell the gentleman a few of the 
differences. 
What is in the Heroes Act that is not 
in the CARES Act that we all voted for 
was letting thousands, an unknown 
number of thousands, of criminals out 
of prison. I have never gotten a 
straight answer on how many thou-
sands of criminals would be let out of 
prison or why that even needs to be in 
a COVID relief package. But that is in 
the Heroes Act, which was not in the 
CARES Act, and we are completely in 
disagreement on that. 
Why it hasn’t been dropped out, who 
knows, but that is a choice the major-
ity made. Again, sending direct checks, 
billions of dollars in direct checks, to 
people that are here illegally was not 
in the CARES Act; it is in the Heroes 
Act. If we wanted to make it bipar-
tisan, drop those things out. But they 
haven’t been dropped out by the major-
ity, and here we have a program that 
we agree on. 
But in terms of the small businesses, 
the small businesses are dying on the 
vine because some States are giving 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
10:56 Dec 07, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00031
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K04DE7.035
H04DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 30-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6848 
December 4, 2020 
mixed signals, changing rules, going 
backward, forward. In States like Cali-
fornia, they are saying you can operate 
as a liquor store or as a strip club but 
not as a church. Even the Supreme 
Court stepped in and said that is ludi-
crous and that you can’t keep doing it. 
But you go to New York and so many 
of these States where they are saying 
for safety protocols you have to shut 
down and you can’t go to a restaurant, 
and then you see the Governor of the 
State at a restaurant without a mask. 
But you can’t go. You see mayors in 
communities telling businesses they 
can’t stay open or it is not safe to have 
Thanksgiving with your family, and 
you find out they are flying to other 
States to have Thanksgiving with their 
family. 
This blatant hypocrisy by some of 
these leaders who are telling you that 
you have to live your life one way and 
they are living their lives a different 
way, and hiding behind protocols that 
don’t exist, that is driving people nuts. 
The businesses are dying because of it. 
The trust in government gets de-
pleted in those places because they are 
watching. And it is not isolated. I wish 
it was just once or twice. I wish it was 
never going on. But it is over and over 
again, yesterday and today another 
story comes out of a local leader or a 
governor telling you that you can’t do 
something, and they are doing it. They 
didn’t think they were going to get 
caught doing it. My God, that has to 
end. The hypocrisy has to end. 
Let’s get back to saying things that 
make sense, working with the proto-
cols, working with the experts and the 
scientists. But don’t use a scientist se-
lectively and say something that is not 
really true and you, yourself, know it 
is not true because you are doing it. 
That is what some of those folks are 
doing. It is driving people nuts, and it 
is driving their businesses under. They 
will never come back. 
Those families that are struggling 
and the kids that are going to have 
trouble eating are having that trouble 
because the businesses that their fami-
lies work for are being bankrupted by 
crazy, radical policies that have to end. 
We can help them in the short term. 
We ought to help them in the short 
term. 
Some of the stuff I mentioned that 
we are not in agreement on ought to 
get dropped out. But in the meantime, 
don’t hold them hostage. Let’s bring 
those things that we agree on to the 
floor and save the businesses that we 
can because every day we don’t, more 
will never come back. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gen-
tleman. 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I just want 
to say, this business about illegals get-
ting money, let me just give you an ex-
ample. You have a husband and wife 
and three children living in an apart-
ment. The husband does not have au-
thorization to be here. What the bill 
provided for, that the gentleman talks 
about, is making sure we feed those 
children even though somebody who is 
illegal is living in the household. 
What they want to have done is no-
body in that household got help. It is 
just a difference of perspective. And I 
get it. 
But let me tell you something. What 
you can’t get away from is, Mr. Speak-
er, they have not passed a bill through 
the United States Senate. Why? Be-
cause it would require compromise. Be-
cause you don’t have the votes, Mr. 
Speaker, in the Republican Party to 
pass a bill without compromise. So 
they have sent us no bill. 
Now, Mr. MCCONNELL can say all he 
wants: Well, we need 60 votes, and they 
won’t give us 60 votes. 
He is right. And he won’t com-
promise. 
Your side, on a regular basis when 
you were in charge, couldn’t pass a lot 
of pieces of legislation that had to be 
passed, and what did John Boehner do? 
Walked over here and said: Madam 
Leader, Mr. Whip, can you help us? 
And we did. President Bush asked for 
TARP. He couldn’t get the votes on 
your side. Where did he come? To our 
side. We passed it, which saved the 
country from a depression. 
So when you are talking about all 
this stuff, we sent two bills. You didn’t 
like 
them, 
fine. 
Pass 
something 
through the Senate. But it would have 
required compromise, and Mr. MCCON-
NELL offered no such compromise. 
I think, frankly, we ought to move 
on because I don’t think we can beat 
this horse anymore. We are not going 
to agree. But pass a bill. Have a com-
prehensive bill that helps those chil-
dren, that helps those unemployed, 
that helps those renters who can’t pay 
their rent and are going to be evicted. 
Do you think that helps small busi-
nesses? Do you think it helps grocery 
stores? Do you think it helps barber-
shops? Do you think it helps gasoline 
stations? It does not because they are 
going belly up, and they don’t have any 
resources. 
We are in this together. What I keep 
telling him, Mr. Speaker, and what I 
keep telling my side, as well, we are in 
this together, and we need to help ev-
eryone who is in such distress, not just 
small businesses. We need to help small 
businesses. 
The airlines continue to say they are 
going to stop flying. This doesn’t help 
them. 
Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, if we 
wanted to pass another CARES Act- 
type piece of legislation, as we have 
seen in both other CARES Act bills, 
you have a lot of willingness and inter-
est on this side of the aisle, which was 
there on both of those votes. Clearly, 
there are things in Heroes that there is 
no bipartisan consensus on. 
So, our party is willing and ready to 
go another round on those items we 
agree on, and not months from now, 
not months ago, as it should have been 
done. It should be done today. Hope-
fully, it will be done when we return. I 
would be happy to work with the gen-
tleman on those items. 
If the gentleman has nothing else, 
then I would be happy to yield back. 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I have 
nothing else. 
Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
f 
RESIGNATION FROM THE HOUSE 
OF REPRESENTATIVES 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
HARDER of California) laid before the 
House the following resignation from 
the House of Representatives: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
Washington, DC, December 7, 2020. 
Ms. NANCY PELOSI, 
Speaker, House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR SPEAKER PELOSI: I hereby submit my 
resignation, effective Monday, December 7, 
2020 at 12:00 p.m. EST, as the United States 
Representative of the 8th District of Cali-
fornia. Attached is the letter I submitted to 
the California Secretary of State. 
Sincerely, 
PAUL COOK. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
Washington, DC, December 7, 2020. 
Hon. ALEX PADILLA, 
Secretary of State, California Department of 
State, Sacramento, CA. 
DEAR SECRETARY PADILLA: I hereby submit 
my resignation, effective Monday, December 
7, 2020 at 12:00 p.m. EST, as the United States 
Representative of the 8th District of Cali-
fornia. Attached is the letter I submitted to 
the Speaker of the United States House of 
Representatives. 
Sincerely, 
PAUL COOK. 
f 
MARKING A VICTORY FOR 
VIETNAM VETERANS 
(Mr. HARDER of California asked 
and was given permission to address 
the House for 1 minute and to revise 
and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. 
HARDER 
of 
California. 
Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to celebrate a 
long-overdue victory for our Vietnam 
veterans. 
For decades, tens of thousands of 
Vietnam vets haven’t got the benefits 
that they deserve. Even though dis-
eases 
like 
Parkinson’s, 
hyper-
thyroidism, and bladder cancer are sci-
entifically linked to Agent Orange, 
they still aren’t covered by the VA. 
But, today, I am thrilled to say that 
veterans exposed to Agent Orange can 
finally stop fighting their own govern-
ment because my bill, the Fair Care for 
Veterans Act, is on track to become 
the law of the land. 
I want to dedicate this effort to Josh-
ua Melendez of Modesto, California, 
and Lyle Ducheneaux of Turlock, Cali-
fornia, two local veterans who will per-
sonally be impacted by this change. 
Most of all, I want to dedicate this 
effort to my grandfather, First Ser-
geant Albert Z. Simmons, whose life 
was cut tragically short by Agent Or-
ange. I wish he could be with us today 
to see this. 
These veterans fought for us. It has 
been my honor to fight for them. God 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
10:56 Dec 07, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00032
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K04DE7.037
H04DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 31-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6849 
December 4, 2020 
bless you, and thank you for your serv-
ice. 
f 
THANKING STAFF MEMBERS 
(Mr. SHIMKUS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, as rank-
ing member on the Subcommittee of 
Environment and Climate Change, I 
want to thank Chief Counsel Mary 
Martin, Deputy Chief Counsel Jerry 
Couri, and senior professional staff 
member, Peter Spencer, for their tre-
mendous support of me and common-
sense, practical legislation that has 
protected human health and the envi-
ronment and supports jobs and the 
economy. 
If the public knew how hard that 
committee staff members work, they 
would have a better appreciation of our 
government. Mary, Jerry, Peter, you 
have my personal thanks. 
I would also be remiss if I didn’t 
thank the loyal opposition, Democrat 
Staff Director Rick Kessler and Demo-
crat Senior Counsel Jackie Cohen. Al-
though many times adversaries, both 
have become friends. 
f 
INVESTING IN JUSTICE REFORM 
(Mr. HALL asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. HALL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in sup-
port of the MORE Act, and I urge our 
colleagues in the Senate to do the 
same. 
There is a serious need for justice re-
form in our country, a focus on restor-
ative financial justice. Investment in 
research, along with descheduling, is 
something that we must lead on. 
COVID innovation zones in our coun-
try might be a strategy for bringing bi-
partisan solutions that create jobs but 
also dealing with this terrible pan-
demic. 
f 
HONORING DR. MARK EUTSLER 
(Mr. BAIRD asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. BAIRD. Mr. Speaker, today, I 
rise to honor Linden, Indiana, resident 
Dr. Mark Eutsler. 
This year marks the 25th year that 
Dr. Eutsler has co-chaired the nation-
ally televised IPL 500 Festival Parade. 
Using his experience as the former di-
rector of bands at McCutcheon High 
School, he has helped over 45,000 stu-
dents from 425 Indiana schools partici-
pate in the nationally acclaimed IPL 
500 Festival Parade. 
Prior to his appointment as co-chair, 
Dr. Eutsler has served as an enthusi-
astic supporter of the Indianapolis 500 
Festival for decades. Mark has at-
tended the parade consistently since 
1980 and has been a volunteer for the 
event for 29 years. 
Dr. Eutsler’s consecutive years of 
service stand out among the more than 
3,000 volunteers who will fill roughly 
7,000 positions for the month-long May 
event every year. 
Dr. Mark Eutsler is a pillar of the 
community. 
I 
express 
my 
deepest 
thanks and appreciation for his passion 
and for the service he has devoted to a 
program that defines Hoosier heritage. 
f 
HONORING ZEENATH HUSSAIN 
(Mr. LEVIN of Michigan asked and 
was given permission to address the 
House for 1 minute and to revise and 
extend his remarks.) 
Mr. LEVIN of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise to honor my retiring director of 
constituent services, Zeenath Hussain. 
It may not be common to speak on the 
floor of this House about a staffer, but 
Zee is truly an extraordinary public 
servant and human being. 
In 2004, Zee answered an ad for a staff 
assistant position in my dad’s, Sandy 
Levin’s, district office. Over the years, 
she built an incomparable network of 
relationships with officials in an as-
tounding array of Federal agencies and 
an unmatched mastery of how to solve 
virtually any constituent problem. 
Even after 16 years of service, in a 
pandemic causing untold suffering and 
chaos, Zee listened to each constituent 
attentively, leveled with people when 
necessary, and comforted and reassured 
every family member. 
In addition to her tireless work for 
constituents, Zeenath took care of ev-
eryone around her, mentoring genera-
tions of congressional staff, dispensing 
advice about life, and cooking to-die- 
for Indian meals for the office and any-
one who happened by. 
Zee, I reluctantly admit you have 
richly earned the right to retire from 
your job, but I hasten to add that there 
is no retiring from friendship or from 
love. 
f 
b 1415 
RECOGNIZING PLACER COUNTY 
SHERIFF ANDREW SCOTT 
(Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Placer County, Cali-
fornia, Sheriff’s Office Lieutenant An-
drew Scott and his 30 years of dignified 
service. 
Since joining the sheriff’s office in 
1990, Lieutenant Scott has worked in 
nearly every capacity. I personally saw 
his outstanding leadership and dedica-
tion as a Placer County Deputy Sher-
iff’s Association president. 
Over the decade I have known him, I 
have witnessed his love and passion for 
the public safety of his community. He 
is a shining example of what a warrior, 
a man of God, embodies: a true friend, 
defender of the weak, devoted to truth, 
dedicated to his loved ones, and strong 
in his faith and love of the Lord. 
Andrew has gone above and beyond 
to provide support for his fellow law 
enforcement officers through the 10–35 
organization. His dedication to never 
forget officers who have fallen in the 
line of duty should be an example to all 
of us to remember those who have paid 
the ultimate sacrifice on behalf of all 
of our freedoms. 
Andrew’s service as Placer County 
Sheriff’s Office Lieutenant has made 
our area a safe place to live, a better 
one, a better one to raise our kids. 
I consider Andrew a true friend, and 
I wish him the best during his retire-
ment. 
f 
WE HAVE A JOB TO DO 
(Mr. PAPPAS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. PAPPAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today because our country is in trou-
ble. We are facing a devastating pan-
demic, an economic crisis, and things 
will continue to get worse if Congress 
fails to act. 
I can’t imagine there is a Member of 
this body who has not had the same 
conversations I have had with small 
business owners, healthcare profes-
sionals, local leaders, educators, and 
workers out of a job. 
People are exasperated. They are 
hurting and they are tired. They feel 
like Washington isn’t coming through 
for them, and they are right. 
We have a job to do, not as Repub-
licans or Democrats, but as Represent-
atives who are here to serve the people 
in our districts and secure the future of 
this Nation. 
This week, Members of the House and 
Senate announced a framework for 
COVID relief legislation. It is not ev-
erything everyone wants, no com-
promise is, but it will fundamentally 
save lives and keep our economy mov-
ing forward. 
Heading home for the holidays with-
out addressing this crisis will have dis-
astrous consequences, so let’s all com-
mit ourselves to this process of finding 
a way forward and getting to ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
THE CORONAVIRUS IS EXPLODING 
(Mr. PANETTA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, the 
coronavirus is exploding, our hospitals 
are bursting, and many parts of our 
economy are hurting. It is no wonder 
why Fed Chair Powell and so many 
other economists are warning about 
the long-term damage that could be 
done if we don’t pass another stimulus 
package soon. 
We passed the CARES Act earlier 
this year, and that did keep our econ-
omy afloat and our poverty rate flat, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
10:56 Dec 07, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00033
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K04DE7.039
H04DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 32-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6850 
December 4, 2020 
but because of the pandemic, we are ex-
periencing over 1 million cases a week 
and 2,000 deaths a day. 
Because of that, we are finding our-
selves in more self-induced economic 
comas, just like we are seeing in my 
State of California and my district on 
the central coast of California. 
We can’t wait any longer for another 
economic package. That is why Demo-
crats and Republicans of the Problem 
Solvers Caucus worked with a bipar-
tisan group of Senators to come up 
with a targeted and temporary package 
of close to $1 trillion to meet our most 
pressing needs. It is a compromise that 
can be a way to ‘‘yes’’ for both Houses 
and both sides to come together. 
Mr. Speaker, it is going to be a dark 
winter, so it is our obligation to our 
constituents to come to the table to 
negotiate and pass a pandemic relief 
package to help us get on the road to 
recovery this spring. 
f 
BRING AUSTIN TICE HOME 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
HARDER
of 
California). 
Under 
the 
Speaker’s announced policy of January 
3, 2019, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. 
GREEN) is recognized for 60 minutes as 
the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
and still I rise. 
I rise today on behalf of my constitu-
ents, Marc and Debra Tice, the parents 
of Austin Tice. 
Marc and Debra have asked that I ex-
tend their sincerest gratitude to the 
House of Representatives, all of its 
leadership and membership, for the 
passage of H. Res. 17, a resolution that, 
in effect, supports the President’s de-
sire to bring their son home. 
Hence, Mr. Speaker, pursuant to 
their request, I thank Speaker PELOSI, 
because I had a personal conversation 
with Speaker PELOSI about this resolu-
tion, and I believe that that led to its 
coming to the floor. 
I thank Majority Leader HOYER. He, 
in effect, orchestrated the bringing of 
this resolution to the floor. 
I thank Congressman HILL for his 
support of the resolution at the com-
mittee level and for his efforts to bring 
his constituent, Dr. Kamalmaz, home. 
I thank the outgoing chair of the 
Foreign Affairs Committee, Mr. ELIOT 
ENGEL, for his efforts to bring the reso-
lution out of committee. 
I also thank the ranking member, the 
Texan, Mr. MCCAUL, who is a person 
who has worked with me on many en-
deavors. He made this bipartisan early 
on, and I thank him for what he has 
done to help us get it through the com-
mittee. 
I thank Senator CORNYN, Senator 
MURRAY, the 41 cosponsors of H. Res. 
17, the 52 Senators and 152 Representa-
tives who signed on to a letter to the 
President. 
Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD 
a letter from Debra Tice to President 
Trump. 
FRIDAY, 13 NOVEMBER 2020. 
DEAR PRESIDENT TRUMP, Thank you, from 
the entire Tice family, for your steadfast 
commitment and determination to bring our 
beloved Austin safely home. 
Yesterday there was a news story from the 
region that Austin Tice had been released 
and was on a plane headed home. Our phones 
were going crazy, our email was exploding, 
Twitter, Facebook, Instagram—every kind of 
social media was buzzing with an outpouring 
of high hopes and great joy. Many, many 
news outlets reached out eagerly hoping to 
verify this great news. 
We know you can make this joyful news a 
reality. We know the Syrians are ready to 
work with you. 
Please, please bring Austin home for the 
holidays. 
Respectfully, 
DEBRA TICE. 
Debra—Working so hard on this. Looking 
for the answer. We want Austin back. I will 
never stop— 
DONALD J. TRUMP.
Mr. GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
while they have asked me to extend 
their gratitude, I personally would like 
to thank the Tice family for their un-
wavering commitment to have Austin 
returned home and allow him to be 
with his family and his friends. 
They also wished that I would thank 
President Trump on their behalf. I 
have a letter that is the best evidence 
of why they would have President 
Trump be thanked for what he has 
done. 
The letter reads: ‘‘Friday, 13 Novem-
ber 2020. 
‘‘Dear President Trump, 
‘‘Thank you, from the entire Tice 
family, for your steadfast commitment 
and determination to bring our beloved 
Austin safely home. 
‘‘Yesterday there was a news story 
from the region that Austin Tice had 
been released and was on a plane head-
ed home. Our phones were going crazy, 
our email was exploding, Twitter, 
Facebook, Instagram—every kind of 
social media was buzzing with an out-
pouring of high hopes and great joy. 
Many, many news outlets reached out 
eagerly hoping to verify this great 
good news. 
‘‘We know you can make this joyful 
news a reality. We know the Syrians 
are ready to work with you. 
‘‘Please, please bring Austin home 
for the holidays.’’ 
It is signed, ‘‘Respectfully, Debra 
Tice,’’ Austin’s mother. 
The President is known to respond to 
letters of this kind by simply writing 
on a copy of the letter a message to be 
returned to the sender. 
I shall read the President’s state-
ment: 
‘‘Debra—Working so hard on this— 
Looking for the answer. We want Aus-
tin back. I will never stop.’’ 
Mr. President, I salute you for your 
desire and your commitment to bring 
Austin home. And, Mr. President, I 
pray that it will be done before Christ-
mas. It would be a wonderful thing, Mr. 
President, for this family that you now 
know and you have communicated 
with, for this family that has suffered 
for some 8 years without their son. 
You would do well and serve them 
well, Mr. President, if you would honor 
the commitment that you have indi-
cated on this letter. It would bring joy 
unlike any these parents have ever ex-
perienced if you would do so. 
So, Mr. President, I salute you. I sa-
lute you for your desire and commit-
ment to bring Austin home. And I sus-
pect that it has a lot to do with the 
fact that he is an American citizen, but 
I also suspect, Mr. President, that it 
has a lot to do with what you know 
about Austin. 
Austin is an American hero, a vet-
eran captain of the Marine Corps. Aus-
tin loved his country. He was willing to 
fight for it and, if necessary, sacrifice 
his life for it. 
Austin played by the rules. In col-
lege, at age 16, he wanted to be a law-
yer. But also, Austin was one of those 
rare, unique persons who not only 
wants to help, but who is willing to go 
to great lengths, great extremes to be 
of service. 
He was a freelance journalist, as you 
know, Mr. President, and as such, he 
was willing to go into harm’s way to 
places that most of us would never go 
into to be of service, to help people. So 
Austin decided that he would take his 
talents and his desires to Syria. 
He went to Syria, and he crossed over 
the Syrian border in May of 2012. In 
August of 2012, he was detained at a 
checkpoint someplace near Damascus, 
and he has been missing ever since. 
There have been what we call in the 
intelligence agencies, I believe, signs 
and proof of life. We know that he is 
alive, and we know that 8 years of this 
experience is taking a toll on Austin. 
Austin deserves our greatest efforts 
to bring him home, because Austin is 
an American hero. His parents are in 
need of his touch, of his presence. They 
need to hug their son. 
So the appeal has been made, and, 
Mr. President, you have said that you 
believe that you will do everything 
that you can. I am paraphrasing. You 
said you will never stop and that you 
are looking for the answer. 
I believe the answer is within your 
power, and I believe the Tice family 
will be eternally grateful, as will most 
Americans, if you will bring their son 
home and do so before Christmas. 
On behalf of the Tice family, Mr. 
President, I salute you for your desire 
and your commitment to bring him 
home. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-
bers are reminded to address their re-
marks to the Chair, not to a perceived 
viewing audience. 
f 
b 1430 
ISSUES OF THE DAY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-
uary 3, 2019, the gentleman from Texas 
(Mr. GOHMERT) is recognized for 60 min-
utes as the designee of the minority 
leader. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
10:56 Dec 07, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00034
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K04DE7.041
H04DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 33-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6851 
December 4, 2020 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, at this 
time it is an honor to yield to the gen-
tleman 
from 
North 
Carolina 
(Mr. 
WALKER), my friend that is apparently 
in his last term in this body. Hopefully, 
he will be serving in another body. 
REFLECTIONS ON THE PRIVILEGE OF SERVICE IN 
THE UNITED STATES CONGRESS 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman from Texas for yielding. 
Today, as we wrap up three terms, we 
could not be more overwhelmed with 
the privilege that it has been to serve 
the people of North Carolina, specifi-
cally, central North Carolina, in the 
United States Congress. 
I am the oldest of three boys, Mr. 
Speaker, of a Baptist preacher from the 
Panhandle of Florida and have had the 
privilege to live in North Carolina 
since 1991. Coming out of college, and 
having the opportunity to work, spend-
ing 16 years as a pastor, and then the 
last 6 years of serving in a different ca-
pacity. 
What an honor to be able to walk the 
halls and to be able to think about the 
history that has made this country 
what it is today. 
We were blessed to hit the ground 
running, becoming the first Member 
since its inception in 1973 to be elected 
chairman at the end of their first term 
of the largest caucus, the conservative 
caucus of the Republican Study Com-
mittee. 
Recently, I have enjoyed extending 
and wrapping up a term as the vice 
chair of the GOP Conference. What a 
privilege it has been to serve the bulk 
of that time as cochairman with Sen-
ator JAMES LANKFORD of the Prayer 
Caucus. It has been a wonderful time to 
gather each Monday evening—in fact, 
many people don’t even know the Pray-
er Caucus exists—for us to gather on 
that Monday evening after we fly in 
and for many years to gather in room 
219, right off to my right, and seek 
God’s guidance as we prayed for con-
stituents and we prayed for the Lord to 
give us the hope and direction for this 
country. 
I have lots of reflections over these 
last 6 years. I think of having a chance 
to be the starting pitcher for the Re-
publican baseball team, an exhibition 
game for charity. Every year has been 
quite a treat. 
I am sure many of my Republican 
friends are glad to see that the Honor-
able CEDRIC RICHMOND is now senior ad-
viser to another gentleman and no 
longer in the House. 
But what a privilege it has been to 
see the efforts that goes to the Boys 
and Girls Club, Mr. Speaker. And it has 
been neat that this has been a tradi-
tion since 1909. 
And there have been other times. 
There was the moment when I saw 
STEVE SCALISE, our whip, come back 
from our teammates being shot at that 
morning, and how he came back and 
has come back strong; and how he has 
always represented his faith in a way 
that I think has impacted potentially 
far beyond any political work that he 
may do in this House. 
There have also been times to engage 
in a more stern manner, serving on the 
House 
Oversight 
Committee 
with 
Chairman Jason Chaffetz. Chairman 
Chaffetz did a wonderful job as the 
House Oversight Chairman as we went 
after and questioned some of the un-
scrupulous behavior of James Comey 
and Pharma Bro. In fact, I still think 
Peter Strzok doesn’t really care for 
me, but that is okay because some-
times the job requires it. 
One of the moments that stand out 
on the House Oversight Committee was 
questioning 
Cecile 
Richards, 
Mr. 
Speaker, when I asked her specifically: 
Does it bother you that there are more 
African-American babies aborted in 
New York State than actually born? I 
will never forget that she was not even 
aware of that statistic. 
Nor did I shy away from the fights on 
this floor. Probably the darkest or the 
heaviest moment was when we were 
working and going back and forth late 
into the night on the born alive amend-
ment. And I cannot help remembering 
just the heaviness and the oppression 
of that night, as only three of my col-
leagues on the Democratic side stood 
up and said a baby that survives a 
botched abortion should have the right 
to stay alive. 
I struggled with that. I still struggle 
with it. In fact, I think it is apparently 
evil not to be able to stand up and fight 
for all of us who are created in the 
image of God. 
We have heard other comments. The 
dogma lives loudly. Even a good friend 
and colleague from Illinois that was 
pro-life, that was someone who advo-
cated, is no longer part of the body and 
was basically run out of town. I strug-
gle with those things. 
If our rights come from our Creator 
and, as our Founding Fathers said they 
have in the past, do they not also come 
from the Creator in the present and in 
the future? 
Not too far behind us here is the ro-
tunda. There are eight pictures in the 
rotunda. The first four are depictions 
of our settlers, the people who founded 
this country who came here. In all four 
of those pictures, there is a depiction 
of Christianity. 
The other four are depictions of our 
Founding Fathers. The last one is my 
favorite. It is George Washington. The 
picture is of George Washington, De-
cember 23, 1783, and in his hand he has 
his resignation. 
For 8 years, he had been the com-
mander in chief of the Revolutionary 
Army. Yet, in that letter he writes, 
though he had, potentially the ability, 
the military power behind him to be 
something of almost a monarch again, 
he captured something. He realized 
that if this country was going to be 
great, he had the foresight in that let-
ter to write that the power had to 
come from we, the people. What a pow-
erful expression. 
As I think back over the last 6 years, 
I have traveled different places, 20- 
something different countries. No place 
at all has impacted me more than 
standing there on the shores there at 
Normandy. And as our guide began to 
talk that day, I thought about this for 
the first time. 
History shows us that those young 
men were supposed to have air cover 
but, because of the horrific weather, 
there was none. That day wasn’t won 
by military might; wasn’t won by great 
generals or colonels and military ge-
nius. Our freedom today, we can trace 
back to that moment, was won by 18- 
and 19-year-old young men who kept 
running up that hill, one wave after 
the other. What a powerful place and 
what a privilege it is to see these real 
heroes. 
Arthur Ashe put it this way when he 
talked about heroism. He said: True 
heroism is remarkably sober, very 
undramatic. It is not the urge to sur-
pass all others at whatever cost, but 
the urge to serve all others at whatever 
cost. 
In our 6 years, we have tried not to 
stick with the talking points. Maybe 
we have had a little bit of a different 
approach serving in Congress. I never 
surrendered my voting card either to 
the establishment, to leadership, or 
any special interest group. 
Mr. Speaker, I believe the best kind 
of representative that you could have 
is someone who is pledging to represent 
all communities. You see, America is 
the greatest country and the longest- 
lasting republic in the history of the 
world; but the truth is, we didn’t get it 
all right to start with. 
We first launched this idea of indi-
vidual liberty and opportunity, but it 
took a few people and a few years to 
get it right: The likes of Frederick 
Douglass, George White, Shirley Chis-
holm, Jackie Robinson, Mahalia Jack-
son, my friend, Clarence Henderson, 
and so many more heroes. But here’s 
the cool part of the story: We never 
quit trying until our actions matched 
our words that in America all men 
would be created equal. 
One of the privileges that I have had 
is to serve with John Lewis and cross 
the Edmund Pettus Bridge and to 
spend some time hearing his story and 
hearing his history, because I believe 
this, whether Republicans or Demo-
crats, relationship is the conduit for 
good policy. People before the politics. 
You don’t have to throw out what 
you believe or your values or your 
principles. But are you genuine? Do we 
show up? Do we always have to be the 
keynote speaker at times? 
I was committed to doing this, to be 
both a conservative and a bridge build-
er, and our team committed to that. 
Hardly a week went by that we didn’t 
answer the question, are we making an 
argument, or are we making a dif-
ference? 
In this town, those who make the 
most noise sometimes get the key 
roles. But in looking back, making the 
difference is ultimately the prize. 
The successes? I believe it is simple; 
staying close to the Lord and having 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
10:56 Dec 07, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00035
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K04DE7.044
H04DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 34-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6852 
December 4, 2020 
the people pray and wrap their arms 
around us. 
So many times, after spending a 
week in this arena, this gladiator 
arena, you go back home depleted and 
kind of worn out. And I will never be 
able to express my gratitude to the 
people who lifted their arms up and 
prayed for us week after week. 
A couple of months ago, I met Freddy 
in New Bern, North Carolina. Freddy’s 
a little street vendor with his guitar, 
and he had his guitar case open and 
was hoping to make a few bucks. I had 
a chance to harmonize with him as he 
played Let My Little Light Shine. 
What a reminder this season that, ul-
timately, what our calling is, it is to 
let our light shine. 
I think of Luke 2; I think of all the 
different things in this season that 
mean so much. 
In this city, there are some ups and 
downs, there are some double-crosses, 
but I can tell you, I leave today with 
no bitterness, no axe to grind, not 
jaded, with a genuine love for my col-
leagues. 
I specifically have to point out three 
that I have had the privilege of getting 
to know and having dinner with, basi-
cally, for about 31⁄2 years, almost once 
a week, Tuesday evenings with Trey 
Gowdy, Senator TIM SCOTT, and the Di-
rector of National Intelligence, John 
Ratcliffe. I love these men. They have 
impacted my life. There were times the 
fellowship and the joy and the laugh-
ter, and even the merciless cutdowns 
from Mr. Gowdy, were incredibly re-
warding and timely. 
But there are people behind the 
scenes here in Washington, D.C., names 
that you will never know, but people 
like Everette, Carmelita, Lloyd, the 
people behind the scenes that continue 
to impact. 
In closing today, I would be remiss if 
I didn’t acknowledge the people that 
made this possible, both in North Caro-
lina and here in Washington, D.C. My 
appreciation to Janine, Grace, Joel, 
Bradley, Kyle, Phillip, Emily, Dwayne, 
Olga, Jerome, Amber, Cory, Ryan, 
Kevin, Madeline, Dan, Alexa, Carson, 
Sruthi, Sean, Janae, Alison, Rudy, 
Kate, Katie, Louis, Davis, Rusty, Zach, 
Scott, Arian, Josh, Carter, Keifer, 
Dwayne, Luke, Graham, Lauren, Brian, 
and two chiefs, Scott and Jack, and a 
deputy chief, Julie, who has been with 
me since the very beginning. I am 
proud of you guys. We made a dif-
ference. 
Mr. Speaker, I would also like to con-
clude by thanking my family, Ryan, 
Rachel, Anna Claire, and Kelly. Thank 
you for allowing me to do something 
that is considered pretty special by 
many. 
To my mom and dad, thank you for 
investing in me and putting in the val-
ues. 
So, Mr. Speaker, I would like to close 
right now by expressing it may be in 
the words of Andrae Crouch: 
‘‘How can I say thanks for the things 
You have done for me? Things so 
undeserved, yet You gave to prove 
Your love for me; the voices of a mil-
lion angels could not express my grati-
tude. All that I am and ever hope to be, 
I owe it all to Thee. To God be the 
glory.’’ 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
my friend. He has been a real asset 
here in the House, and I look forward 
to more accomplishments in the days 
to come. 
Speaking of people I have served 
with, now she is a Senator, MARSHA 
BLACKBURN of Tennessee, very proud of 
her home State. She is doing a great 
job as a Senator, just as she did a great 
job in the House. 
She has become the object of ridicule 
by a Chinese state-owned media editor. 
This article was written by Christina 
Wong, December 3. It says: The Euro-
pean Union Bureau Chief and col-
umnist for Chinese state-run media 
outlet China Daily lodged a profane in-
sult at U.S. Senator MARSHA BLACK-
BURN, Republican from Tennessee, on 
Thursday in a tweet. 
BLACKBURN, a respected conservative 
Senator who is a hawk on China, 
tweeted Thursday: China has a 5,000 
year history of cheating and stealing. 
Some things never change. 
b 1445 
Chen Weihua, EU bureau chief and 
columnist for China Daily, then re-
sponded to her tweet with: Witch, 
spelled with a B, Senator BLACKBURN. 
Chen then followed up with another 
tweet that said: This is the most racist 
and ignorant U.S. Senator I have seen. 
A lifetime witch, spelled with a B at 
the start of the word. 
The gentlewoman retweeted his one- 
word reply to BLACKBURN. BLACKBURN 
responded a couple of hours later in a 
statement. 
She 
said: 
‘‘From 
Tiananmen Square to Uighur genocide, 
Communist China is an expert at 
slaughtering populations. America will 
not bow down to sexist Communist 
thugs.’’ 
Breitbart News’ James Pinkerton 
profiled Chen in May. He wrote: ‘‘Chen 
Weihua works for the government- 
owned China Daily, reliably cranking 
out articles with headlines such as 
‘White House must concentrate on 
fighting outbreak, not China-bashing,’ 
and, ‘Washington must stop making de-
cisions which undermine WHO.’ 
‘‘In other words, his journalistic out-
put nicely coincides with the People’s 
Republic of China’s propaganda plans, 
from 
deflecting 
blame 
for 
the 
coronavirus away from Beijing to de-
fending Beijing’s minions at the World 
Health Organization.’’ 
Chen has previously tweeted: ‘‘Trump 
and Pompeo are not even good liars.’’ 
Pinkerton noted that Chen bashes 
the President and his administration 
reliably, but also eagerly, echoing top 
Democrats and leading never Trump-
ers. 
Chen has also called Senator JOSH 
HAWLEY, a Republican from Missouri, 
another leading China hawk in the 
Senate, 
‘‘ignorant.’’ 
HAWLEY
re-
sponded: ‘‘#China not happy about my 
call to confront their economic impe-
rialism by ending the WTO and replac-
ing it with a system that is good for 
American workers. I love being in-
sulted by #China state-run press.’’ 
Pinkerton noted that Chen has been 
the beneficiary of many liberal pro-
grams in the U.S. 
Chen lists on his blue-checkmark 
verified Twitter bio he was a John S. 
Knight Journalism Fellow at Stanford 
and a World Press Institute Fellow at 
Macalester College in Minnesota. He 
also listed the Freedom Forum in 
Washington, D.C. 
So isn’t that special. Perhaps one of 
these institutions is where he learned 
to call women witches, spelled what a 
B wherever it was. He is not a very po-
lite person and is very defensive of 
being part of a misogynistic, sexist, 
racist, and religion-hating administra-
tion. He is apparently proud of that. It 
is very unfortunate. 
But I am proud of Senator BLACK-
BURN. We are known by our friends, but 
we are known even more by our en-
emies, and Senator BLACKBURN has a 
real enemy there. 
I was reminded back early on in my 
time in China when we went to China. 
She and I, the two of us, personally 
confronted, in Beijing, the Chinese bu-
reaucrat in charge of enforcing copy-
right and patent fraud, which was just 
overwhelming in China. The amount 
that the state appeared to not only 
allow but actually be involved in was 
pretty staggering. At one point, either 
MARSHA or I asked: Why do you allow 
all of this patent fraud and copyright 
theft to go on? 
The Chinese bureaucrat indicated 
that, actually, they don’t. They step 
in, and, in fact, he said the year before, 
they had seized the assets from 500 dif-
ferent 
vendors 
who 
were 
selling 
copyright- or patent-infringed goods. 
Whether DVDs, CDs, things that vio-
lated Americans’ patents, they seized 
them. 
I said: So what did you do with what 
you seized? 
I don’t know Chinese law, but his in-
dication was that, well, under Chinese 
law, we can’t just destroy goods that 
have value, so we had to do something 
with them. 
It appeared very clear that they 
seized these assets that were violating 
international 
trade, 
copyright, 
and 
patent laws. If they are not allowed to 
destroy such goods, then, obviously, 
they had to get rid of them since they 
felt they had value. So, the Chinese 
Government must have gotten into the 
business of selling copyright- and pat-
ent-infringed goods. So, there is not a 
lot of comfort there. 
MARSHA and I did talk back then, and 
once you get away from the center of 
the Chinese Communist Party in Bei-
jing and you get around to different 
cities in China, Mr. Speaker, we were 
both reminded they were so hospitable, 
so gracious, and so wanting you to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
10:56 Dec 07, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00036
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K04DE7.045
H04DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 35-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6853 
December 4, 2020 
have a good experience in their towns. 
It reminded us both of Southern hospi-
tality here in the U.S. The people were 
absolutely wonderful, Mr. Speaker. 
You just had to get away from the cen-
tral government before you saw just 
how wonderful and fantastic the Chi-
nese people are. 
But in Beijing, you have the hotbed 
of 
Communist 
Party 
activity. 
Al-
though there are some in the United 
States who are wanting to get to being 
a Communist nation as quickly as pos-
sible, we see, anytime there is a Com-
munist government, it is not good for 
the people at all. 
Another story from Simon Kent, De-
cember 1: ‘‘No Twitter ‘Fact-Check’ 
Warning on Chinese Official’s Fake 
Photo of Australian Soldier Beheading 
Child.’’ 
A lot of people have seen the photo, 
yes, but the Chinese produced a photo 
that was falsified. The Australian sol-
dier was not about to behead a child. It 
is just more fake information out of 
the Chinese Communist Party. 
I guess if you are Twitter, Mr. Speak-
er, that is not something you would 
fact-check. You only want to fact- 
check honorable and honest people 
with whom you have disagreements. 
You wouldn’t want to fact-check some-
one who is providing you a lot of 
money despite their retraining camps, 
their lies, and their official misrepre-
sentations. You wouldn’t want to do 
that because they might be tempted to 
cut back the revenue to your form of 
business. 
So, as Chris Plante says, if it weren’t 
for double standards, they would have 
no standards at all there at Twitter. 
Twitter expands hate speech rules. 
Well, of course, you are not going to go 
after people who truly are full of hate, 
Mr. Speaker. They think conservatives 
are hateful. As a Christian, we are ad-
monished by Jesus to love one another. 
We were admonished by Jesus Himself 
to love the Lord your God with all your 
heart, mind, and soul. The second is 
like it: Love your neighbor as yourself. 
So, Christianity is truly a religion 
based completely on love. It is such an 
incredible thing to base a religion on, 
but that is what it is. God so loved the 
world He gave His Son; His Son so 
loved the world He gave His life. Then, 
you have people saying: Well, these 
Christians and these churches are full 
of nothing but hate, when actually that 
is doing what the Chinese Communist 
Party does. You are taking something 
out of context and actually perverting 
the actual beliefs of Christianity. 
Twitter is expanding hate speech 
rules that will allow them to continue 
to produce things and get revenue from 
the Chinese Communist Party and not 
call into question their true hate of 
groups that might disagree with them. 
You run over them with a tank if they 
disagree with you even though they are 
unarmed. That is the kind of thing 
that Twitter is embracing here. 
But this story from Lucas Nolan, 3 
December, says: ‘‘Twitter has once 
again expanded its hate speech policies 
to ‘prohibit language that dehumanizes 
people on the basis of race, ethnicity, 
or national origin.’ ’’ 
That is really rich coming from Twit-
ter since they embrace the Chinese 
Communist Party and their hatred and 
their 
dehumanization 
of 
Uighurs, 
Christians, and people who want to 
have more than one child, and based on 
race, ethnicity, and national origin. 
‘‘Engadget reports that social media 
platform Twitter has expanded its hate 
speech policies again, this time to ‘pro-
hibit language that dehumanizes peo-
ple.’ ’’ 
And on it goes: ‘‘The change in policy 
comes more than 2 years after Twitter 
said that it intended to ban dehuman-
izing language and over 6 months from 
that last change to the site’s policies 
that banned hate speech relating to 
age, disability, and disease.’’ 
So, anyway, again, if it weren’t for 
double standards, Twitter would have 
no standards at all. 
This article from Rich Noyes, No-
vember 24, ‘‘The Stealing of the 2020 
Presidency: The Media Kept the Truth 
From Americans’’: ‘‘A new study shows 
that if the media didn’t apply a leftist 
bias to its Presidential news coverage, 
Donald Trump would have comfortably 
won a second term as President. 
‘‘To measure the true effect of the 
media’s censorship on the election, the 
Media Research Center asked The Poll-
ing Company to survey 1,750 Biden vot-
ers in seven swing States—Arizona, 
Georgia, 
Michigan, 
Nevada, 
North 
Carolina, 
Pennsylvania, 
and 
Wis-
consin—six of which, all but North 
Carolina, were called for Biden. We 
tested these voters’ knowledge of eight 
news stories, all important topics that 
our ongoing analysis had shown the 
liberal news media had failed to cover 
properly. We found that a huge major-
ity, 82 percent, of Biden voters were 
unaware of at least one of these key 
items, with 5 percent saying they were 
unaware of all eight of the issues we 
tested. 
‘‘This lack of information proved cru-
cial: One of every six Biden voters we 
surveyed, 17 percent, said they would 
have abandoned the Democratic can-
didate had they known the facts about 
one or more of these news stories. A 
shift of this magnitude would have 
changed the outcome in all six of the 
swing States won by Joe Biden, and 
Donald Trump would have comfortably 
won a second term as President.’’ 
Now, that is from Newsbusters. I 
really like those folks, but they are 
wrong about that. As we saw from the 
results and what occurred, and we are 
seeing more evidence every day, this 
concludes Donald Trump would have 
won comfortably. But as many of us 
know, there would have been more 
trucks with more fake ballots that 
would have been brought in, so the 
claim would have been made anyway 
that Donald Trump did not win because 
they just needed to know how many 
ballots they needed to overcome and 
they would bring them in to do so. 
b 1500 
Consistent with that, from Just the 
News, David Payne—it is a story about 
what has been going on. 
Sworn testimony of several whistle-
blowers on Tuesday—and this isn’t like 
the fake whistleblower against Presi-
dent Trump that didn’t actually hear 
the conversation. He was basing it on 
double hearsay. These are actually 
whistleblowers 
who 
had 
firsthand 
knowledge of what went on. And when 
they testified under oath from those 
who say there is no evidence, it is un-
founded to say there was fraud, it is 
not their fault they are saying that, it 
is just they are very uneducated. 
So to help with that, when a witness 
has firsthand knowledge, personally 
observe, 
personally 
saw 
something 
occur, and they put that in a sworn af-
fidavit, then we have evidence. It is not 
unfounded. I know people that have 
said that. It is not their fault. They are 
just ignorant, uneducated on what is 
evidence and what isn’t. But sworn tes-
timony is evidence when it is first per-
son. 
And there are some exceptions to the 
hearsay rule that lots of articles have 
been written about and discussed in 
legal treatises. But in this case, it is 
not hearsay for most of these things 
that have been produced. 
But sworn testimony of several whistle-
blowers alleged what one election integrity 
activist is calling ‘‘potential ballot fraud on 
a massive scale,’’ with multiple eyewitnesses 
testifying to alleged suspicious behavior in 
Pennsylvania and Wisconsin. 
In a press conference in Arlington, Vir-
ginia, the Amistad Project—a civil liberties 
initiative of the Thomas More Society—pre-
sented the testimony of three individuals 
who claim to have witnessed apparent voting 
malfeasance—that means wrongdoing for 
those that don’t know about evidence—dur-
ing the 2020 election. 
One, Jesse Morgan, a truck driver for a 
subcontractor with the United States Postal 
Service, claimed that a trailer he was driv-
ing, one full of potentially upwards of 288,000 
ballots, disappeared from its parked location 
at Lancaster, Pennsylvania, U.S. Postal 
Service depot after Morgan dropped it off 
there. Morgan had transported these ballots 
from Bethpage, New York. 
Well, that is interesting. You could 
have 288,000 voting ballots that were 
produced in Bethpage, New York, and 
supplied to Pennsylvania—apparently, 
having already been voted in. And it is 
possible that people would want to give 
them the benefit of the doubt. It is pos-
sible they had 288,000 people from 
Pennsylvania just temporarily residing 
in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, and want-
ed to vote absentee in the Pennsyl-
vania election. 
So, yeah, maybe it is possible that 
288,000 Pennsylvanians were not in 
Pennsylvania 
pursuing 
homemade 
pumpkins pies—Perry Como used to 
sing—that 
they 
were 
actually 
in 
Bethpage, New York. 
The subcontractor also reportedly experi-
enced ‘‘odd behaviors’’ from U.S. Postal 
Service personnel, behaviors which postal 
experts have said in sworn statements, 
‘‘grossly deviated from normal procedure and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
10:56 Dec 07, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00037
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K04DE7.047
H04DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 36-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6854 
December 4, 2020 
behavior,’’ according to a press release from 
the Amistad Project. 
Mr. Speaker, by the way, for anybody 
that might be uneducated on the ways 
of court evidence, in a civil matter 
such as this, the normal standard of 
proof is a preponderance of the evi-
dence, just the slightest evidence more 
showing that conduct probably was in 
appropriate. That is enough. It does 
not have to be beyond a reasonable 
doubt unless you are getting ready to 
prosecute people under criminal laws. 
Once you move into the criminal 
realm to prosecute people guilty of 
election fraud, then it does need to be 
beyond a reasonable doubt but not to 
establish a standard for an injunction 
to prevent decertification or to force 
decertification after certification, or to 
actually declare an election invalid, 
even. That is a burden of more probable 
than not, or probable cause rather than 
beyond a reasonable doubt. 
Another whistleblower, Nathan Pease of 
Madison, Wisconsin—himself also a subcon-
tractor for the U.S. Postal Service—alleged 
that he was told that the postal service was 
planning to backdate tens of thousands of 
ballots in the days after the November 3 
election in order to circumvent the ballot 
submission deadline. 
A third witness, Gregory Stenstrom—who 
testified at a Pennsylvania legislature hear-
ing in Gettysburg last week—claimed to 
have witnessed a Dominion Voting Systems 
vendor inserting jump drives into voting ag-
gregation machines in Delaware County, 
Pennsylvania. 
And for those that don’t know, that 
is not appropriate under the situation, 
as was here. And it really shouldn’t be 
appropriate in any situation. We need 
to do away with the ability to have 
some foreign-owned counting service, 
like we have had in Texas, in the big 
cities—no county that wasn’t a big city 
controlled 
by 
Democratic 
officials 
would ever allow that to happen in east 
Texas, west Texas, south Texas, north 
Texas. But in our big cities, yes, they 
will hire foreign firms, as they have, or 
firms funded by foreign money. They 
will hire them. 
But they should not be, number one, 
connected to internet, should not ever 
be susceptible of foreign ability to ac-
cess information, which means also to 
manipulate information if they are 
good hackers. And just as I said in 2001, 
back when I was a felony judge in 
Texas and Congress overstepped what 
was appropriate and ordered that every 
county in America had to give up what 
system of voting, no matter how effec-
tive and appropriate and protected it 
was, and all by electronic voting ma-
chines, it costs, seemed like $2 billion 
or so dollars. It was an unfunded man-
date. But worse to me is someone who 
worked in our county courthouse—I 
said back in 2001, this means because of 
Congress’ 
inappropriate 
bill 
they 
passed, that eventually elections will 
go to the best—the person with the 
best hacker. And now, 19 years later, 
that is what we have. 
Mr. Speaker, but it wasn’t just hack-
ing. It was also manipulation that 
wasn’t hacking. There were doors to 
which electronic experts could go to 
manipulate things. It was creating 
fraudulent ballots. It was—also, as I re-
call, the Texas constitution itself re-
quires that ballots are to be numbered 
sequentially, and I don’t believe that 
has been done in quite some time. 
So Texas, even though President 
Trump won and we picked up Repub-
lican seats there, I would submit it 
would be potentially even better re-
sults if we had ballots that comported 
with the Texas constitution. And I 
would submit that everybody ought to 
be having sequentially numbered bal-
lots just to protect the election and 
voting process. 
‘‘In its press release, Amistad Project 
director, Phil Kline, said the testi-
monies are ‘compelling.’ ’’ 
You see, testimony means things 
that were said under oath, which 
means it is evidence. It is a foundation 
for the claims of election fraud. 
‘‘ This evidence joins with unlawful 
conduct by State and local election of-
ficials, including accepting millions of 
dollars of private funds, to undermine 
the integrity of this election, Kline 
said.’ In this press release, the Amistad 
Project says it has collected sworn ex-
pert testimony alleging that ‘over 
300,000 ballots are at issue in Arizona, 
548,000 in Michigan, 204,000 in Georgia, 
and over 121,000 in Pennsylvania.’ ’’ 
And in case there is wondering about 
whether or not that would affect the 
election, that would absolutely affect 
the election in each of those states. 
The story from PJ Media, Tyler 
O’Neal, December 1, again, talks about 
the truck driver that testified—which 
means it was under oath and it is evi-
dence—‘‘He had driven thousands of 
ballots from Bethpage, New York, to 
Lancaster, Pennsylvania, 2 weeks be-
fore Election Day. Phil Kline, a former 
attorney general of Kansas and direc-
tor of the Amistad Project of the 
Thomas More Society, said that the 
Amistad 
Project 
corroborated 
the 
truck driver’s story.’’ 
So that is evidence. 
This story by Jim Hoft: ‘‘Colonel 
Phil Waldron’’—that I believe he has 
some former NSA folks that work with 
him—‘‘tells 
Michigan 
lawmakers 
truckloads of ballots for Joe Biden 
were inserted into the Michigan 2020 
election.’’ 
Colonel Phil Waldron spoke tonight—this 
is dated December 2—at a Michigan hearing 
following his explosive testimony in Arizona 
on Monday on the voting machines used in 
U.S. elections. The Dominion systems were 
connected to the internet as well, despite 
Dominion’s claims to the contrary. 
And that also—let me insert here— 
that also helps explains the U.S. Gov-
ernment’s director that was suppose to 
have been protecting our election, cy-
bersecurity, making sure it was se-
cured. There was a puff piece done on 
the director of Cybersecurity and Infra-
structure 
Security 
Association—or 
agency. Krebs was his name, Chris-
topher Krebs. He had indicated in an 
article on Election Day that he wanted 
to thank his partners in Silicon Valley. 
And he was also grateful—I am sure he 
had someone in Dominion advising 
him, but Krebs said everything is good 
because he talked to people that might 
have been involved in the fraud and 
they assured him everything was good. 
So he said everything was good. 
Also, with our Attorney General 
Barr, he said he had seen no evidence of 
fraud. And there are others that have 
said the same thing. And I would hum-
bly submit that all you have to do is 
close your eyes, stick your fingers in 
your ear, and sing ‘‘la la la’’ for a long 
period of time. Keep it up and you will 
neither see nor hear any evidence of 
fraud. 
So if our Attorney General can keep 
that up, then he will continue not to 
see or hear any evidence of fraud. So, 
hopefully, he has not been listening to 
what I have had to say here in the 
House because, here, again, it would 
cause him to demand to see and hear 
the actual evidence, and he may not 
want to do that so he can stay con-
sistent. 
But the evidence is there. It is evi-
dence. It is sworn. And as this article 
points out: 
According to Waldron, the United States 
has a copy of the traffic and the packets of 
information that were sent to Germany on 
election night. 
Yesterday, the first expert at the Arizona 
State 
Legislature 
hearing 
with 
Rudy 
Giuliani was U.S. cybersecurity expert, Colo-
nel Phil Waldron. 
And Phil is an impressive man, an 
impressive person when it comes to cy-
bersecurity. 
b 1515 
‘‘Colonel Phil Waldron spoke first at 
the Arizona hearing about the voting 
machines used in the U.S. election. The 
Dominion systems were connected to 
the internet as well, despite Domin-
ion’s claims to the contrary. The 
records within the system can be ma-
nipulated by outside parties and insid-
ers as well. 
‘‘On 
Wednesday 
night, 
Colonel 
Waldron told the committee that they 
have witnesses now who delivered 
truckloads of ballots for Joe Biden 
from 
New 
York 
to 
Pennsylvania. 
Waldron said they likely did the same 
thing in Wisconsin. 
‘‘Waldron explained that Democrats 
inserted truckloads of fraudulent bal-
lots into the fraudulent 2020 election.’’ 
Many people saw the video from 
Georgia that was played yesterday, 
last evening. This article from The 
Gateway Pundit, December 3, says: 
‘‘Earlier today Cristina Laila reported 
on the explosive video that was re-
vealed during the Georgia ballot count-
ing at the State Farm Arena where 
crooked Democrats pulled out suit-
cases full of ballots and began counting 
these ballots without election monitors 
in the room. 
‘‘Trump’s legal team showed a video 
from the State Farm Arena tabulation 
center when poll workers were told to 
leave at 10:25 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
10:56 Dec 07, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00038
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K04DE7.049
H04DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 37-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6855 
December 4, 2020 
‘‘A few ‘workers’ stayed behind and 
were seen pulling suitcases of full of 
ballots out from under tables to be tab-
ulated.’’ 
So that seems strange, if you believe 
that the mainstream media never re-
ports anything but facts, because you 
can, as I did yesterday, go online and 
put into Google anything about vote 
counting being suspended during elec-
tion night. All of the first entries you 
get tell you that it was fact-checked; it 
is not true; it is fraudulent representa-
tion. It is not true; there was never any 
suspension of vote counting for any-
time in the swing States. 
In other words, even though you 
heard it and you saw it happening on 
TV, don’t believe your lying eyes and 
ears; believe what we tell you, because 
we are coming to you through the 
internet, so you can trust us, but don’t 
trust your lying eyes or ears. 
Anyway, in that video, it is very 
clear, they did pull out suitcases full of 
ballots that were—whether intentional 
or not, they were hidden under tables, 
and they weren’t pulled out until after 
the 
monitors 
and 
the 
other 
vote 
counters were ordered to leave, that 
they were stopping the vote counting, 
and they did leave. That is when the 
ballots come out from under the table 
and the counting of those ballots be-
gins. It is absolutely extraordinary. 
But some of us have known that this 
kind of activity has been going on. We 
know that there were electronic ma-
nipulations in Dallas County in 2018. It 
is really unfortunate. Our Texas Attor-
ney General had a chance to be a na-
tional hero, had they stepped in, uti-
lized evidence from there. And I have 
heard people say, Well, I heard about 
that. There was really nothing to that. 
Well, I have been following that for 
two years and trying to get people in 
law enforcement to do something about 
it. But they avoided the chance to be a 
national hero and refused to go after 
the fraud that existed in the 2018 pri-
mary and general election in Dallas 
County, again, by a firm that had for-
eign money supporting it, and they did 
the counting for Dallas County. But 
since nothing was done there, then the 
people were free to continue that type 
of operation in the national election. 
Here is an article from Joel Pollak. 
‘‘Attorneys Sidney Powell and Lin 
Wood told a rally in Atlanta, Georgia 
. . . Republicans should not vote in the 
January 5 runoff election for U.S. Sen-
ate unless State authorities rectify 
problems in the State’s voting sys-
tem.’’ 
And I haven’t talked to Lin Wood or 
Sidney Powell about that, but I would 
imagine, knowing them, that they were 
trying to make the point that this sys-
tem needs to be cleaned up before the 
election on January 5, because we do 
need people to vote in that election— 
not multiple times, but legally; not 
people come in and illegally vote, but 
people vote legally as to who they want 
to represent them in the U.S. Senate. 
So here is a story from the Epoch 
Times, Christina Kim, November 28: 
‘‘The complaint against Michigan’s 
Secretary of State Jocelyn Benson and 
Governor Gretchen Whitmer, marks 
the 
beginning 
of 
Powell’s 
lawsuit 
against the State. 
‘‘Some of the allegations are re-
peated claims from Michigan and other 
States. Republican challengers were 
unable to ‘meaningfully observe,’ and 
workers were instructed to backdate 
ballots. 
‘‘Other claims are newer. 
‘‘Expert 
witness, 
Russell 
James 
Ramsland, Jr., works with the Allied 
Security Operations Group. In the past, 
he has worked with NASA and MIT. 
‘‘Ramsland said there were four 
‘physically impossible’ ‘spikes totaling 
almost 385,000 ballots allegedly proc-
essed in a combined interval of 2 hours 
and 38 minutes.’ He concluded that ‘Do-
minion alone is responsible for the in-
jection, or fabrication, of 290,000 illegal 
votes in Michigan that must be dis-
regarded.’ This is nearly twice the 
number of ballots by which Biden is 
leading Trump, which is approximately 
150,000 ballots. 
‘‘Dr. 
David 
Keshavarz-Nia 
has 
a 
Ph.D. in engineering and technology 
and received advanced training from 
the CIA, NSA and DHS. In his sworn 
statement . . . ’’—and again, since it is 
a sworn statement, it means the alle-
gations are not unfounded and there is 
evidence of what is alleged—‘‘ ‘that 
USB memory cards were used to facili-
tate administrative’ backdoor access 
‘to disrupt polling operations and im-
pact ballot counting across Michigan, 
Georgia, Pennsylvania, Arizona and 
Wisconsin.’ 
‘‘He also said, after a detailed anal-
ysis of the New York Times data, in his 
expert judgment, ‘the vote count dis-
tribution in Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, 
Michigan, Arizona, Nevada, and Geor-
gia, are not based on normal system 
operation. Instead, they are caused by 
fraudulent electronic manipulation of 
the targeted voting machines.’ 
‘‘Another affidavit was submitted by 
someone whose name and personal in-
formation was redacted. This person 
was an electronic intelligence analyst 
with extensive experience as a white 
hat hacker used by some of the top 
election specialists in the world. 
‘‘The expert alleged that a search of 
Edison Research showed they had an 
Iranian server and there are records 
showing 
China 
accessing 
Dominion 
Voting’s servers.’’ Wow. ‘‘Edison Re-
search reports the vote count tabula-
tion to Decision Desk HQ for election 
results. 
‘‘According to the affidavit, the dig-
ital forensics analysis shows there is 
‘unambiguous evidence that Dominion 
Voter Systems and Edison Research 
have been accessible and were cer-
tainly compromised by rogue actors, 
such as Iran and China.’ ’’ 
Now, this is an area that does require 
expertise, and that is why you need ex-
perts to come in and testify about it. It 
is true that simply making a state-
ment under oath in an area that re-
quires expertise may not be considered 
evidence until a judge—going back to 
the Merrell Dow decision of the U.S. 
Supreme Court—the judge became the 
gatekeeper, had to make inquiries of 
the expert outside the hearing of the 
jury, and determine whether or not 
this person was expert in an area in 
which he was proffered as a witness, 
and if the judge so finds, then that is, 
indeed, 
sworn 
evidence 
before 
the 
court. 
‘‘The complaint asks the Court to 
provide emergency relief to de-certify 
Wayne County’s results, stop Benson 
and Whitmer from transmitting the 
State’s certifications to the Electoral 
College, and ‘to transmit certified elec-
tion results that President Donald 
Trump is the winner of the election’ in 
Michigan, among other requests. 
‘‘Michigan’s Senate Committee is set 
to meet next Tuesday, December 1, to 
hear testimony about absentee ballot 
counting at Detroit’s TCF center.’’ 
You know, this is a matter that 
should be thoroughly investigated by 
all areas of the Government, the three 
branches of Government, including— 
for those who we are told are recent 
college graduates that know the Three 
Stooges’ names better than the three 
branches of Government—it is the ex-
ecutive branch, from the President all 
the way down; the legislative branch, 
including Congress and the Senate; and 
also the judiciary branch, where you 
would ultimately come to have judicial 
decisions made over these things. 
Those are all important. We all ought 
to be investigating this. It is part of 
our job as Members of Congress. That 
is what we need to be doing. 
Yet, it is worth noting—and I think 
important to note—that as we heard 
the majority leader talking about con-
cerns about COVID and businesses 
going bankrupt and not being able to 
operate and, of course, the unconstitu-
tional shutdown of churches, where the 
Government does prohibit the free ex-
ercise of religion, those matters should 
concern 
everybody 
and 
especially 
about who you place as your servant in 
the Government. 
But we hear the words from some 
people in this body about how critical 
it is that we do something about 
COVID. One of the first things we 
should have done—we had over $120 bil-
lion that was unused that was author-
ized and appropriated in the original 
Payroll Protection Program. It is just 
sitting there. All we have got to do is 
say yes, go back and allow that to be 
used by businesses in trouble under the 
same conditions, or we can modify 
them, and we have a bill. 
And Republicans have been, We don’t 
care. Put a Democrat name on there. 
That is fine. Let’s just do it to help 
businesses avoid going out of business. 
Instead, what we took up was the tiger 
bill. We took that up pretty quick this 
week. 
And as my friend, Dr. DESJARLAIS, 
pointed out, if you look at the time 
that we spent in here voting on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
10:56 Dec 07, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00039
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K04DE7.051
H04DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 38-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6856 
December 4, 2020 
tiger bill, that, as I understand, only 
pertains to one place that keeps tigers, 
that during that period we voted on the 
tiger bill, there have been more people 
die of COVID than have died from ti-
gers over the last 25 years. Yet, we rush 
in here to do the tiger bill. 
I know there is a lot of use, meta-
phorically, of the red pill/blue pill from 
The Third Eye or The Matrix. And it is 
intriguing. You know, the red pill is 
supposed to show you truth, what is 
really going on, and the blue pill, you 
will just be in blissful ignorance. I 
couldn’t help but be reminded of that. 
When we are in here, we are not pass-
ing anything to help with COVID, not 
to help businesses going out of busi-
ness. We are passing what ought to be 
called the blue pill law. We are not 
going to fix your problems, but we are 
hoping you will smoke dope so that 
you 
can—marijuana. So we are—I 
didn’t vote for it—but appropriating a 
bunch of money to make marijuana 
more accessible, not for medicinal pur-
poses—a lot of us are okay with that— 
but for widespread recreational use. 
So that if you are bothered—whether 
it is seeing an election stolen or seeing 
your business go bankrupt, because the 
Government won’t you let you open, or 
seeing your church being closed and 
the preacher being taken down for 
someone who failed to wear a mask— 
smoke some dope. That is the message 
of the week. And that is what we did 
this week. 
So that is the message from the ma-
jority. Go smoke some dope, take the 
blue pill, and you will enjoy life so 
much more. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-
bers are reminded to refrain from en-
gaging in personalities toward Mem-
bers of the Senate or the President, in-
cluding by repeating remarks made 
elsewhere that would be improper if 
spoken in the Member’s own words. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 4(b) of House Resolution 
967, the House stands adjourned until 
noon on Monday, December 7, 2020. 
Thereupon (at 3 o’clock and 30 min-
utes p.m.), under its previous order, the 
House adjourned until Monday, Decem-
ber 7, 2020, at noon. 
f 
OATH FOR ACCESS TO CLASSIFIED 
INFORMATION 
Under clause 13 of rule XXIII, the fol-
lowing Member executed the oath for 
access to classified information: 
Kwanza Hall 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the 
Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
EC-5782. A letter from the Secretary, Com-
modity Futures Trading Commission, trans-
mitting the Commission’s interim final rule 
— Margin Requirements for Uncleared Swaps 
for Swap Dealers and Major Swap Partici-
pants [RIN: 3038-AF02] received November 4, 
2020, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public 
Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
Committee on Agriculture. 
EC-5783. A letter from the Deputy Director, 
Legislative 
Affairs, 
Commodity 
Futures 
Trading Commission, transmitting the Com-
mission’s Major final rule — Position Limits 
for Derivatives (RIN: 3038-AD99) received De-
cember 
2, 
2020, 
pursuant 
to 
5 
U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 
EC-5784. A letter from the OSD Federal 
Register Liaison Officer, Defense Acquisition 
Regulations System, Department of Defense, 
transmitting the Department’s Major in-
terim rule — Defense Federal Acquisition 
Regulation 
Supplement: 
Assessing 
Con-
tractor Implementation of Cybersecurity Re-
quirements (DFARS Case 2019-D041) [Docket 
DARS-2020-0034] (RIN: 0750-AJ81) received 
December 2, 2020, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Serv-
ices. 
EC-5785. A letter from the Acting Assistant 
Secretary, Employee Benefits Security Ad-
ministration, Department of Labor, trans-
mitting the Department’s Major final rule — 
Transparency in Coverage (RIN: 1210-AB93) 
received November 17, 2020, pursuant to 5 
U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor. 
EC-5786. A letter from the Acting Assistant 
Secretary, Employee Benefits Security Ad-
ministration, Department of Labor, trans-
mitting the Department’s Major final rule — 
Financial Factors in Selecting Plan Invest-
ments (RIN: 1210-AB95) received November 
17, 2020, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); 
Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to 
the Committee on Education and Labor. 
EC-5787. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental 
Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-
cy’s final rule — National Emission Stand-
ards for Hazardous Air Pollutants for Chem-
ical Recovery Combustion Sources at Kraft, 
Soda, 
Sulfite, 
and 
Stand-Alone 
Semichemical Pulp Mills; Standards of Per-
formance for Kraft Pulp Mill Affected 
Sources for Which Construction, Reconstruc-
tion, or Modification Commenced After May 
23, 2013 [EPA-HQ-OAR-2014-0741; FRL-10015- 
72-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AU53) received November 
4, 2020, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Pub-
lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
EC-5788. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental 
Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-
cy’s final rule — Partial Approval and Par-
tial Disapproval of Air Quality Implementa-
tion Plans; Arizona; Nonattainment Plan for 
the Hayden SO2 Nonattainment Area [EPA- 
R09-OAR-2020-0109; FRL-10014-84-Region 9] re-
ceived November 4, 2020, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. 
EC-5789. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental 
Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-
cy’s final rule — Thiamine Mononitrate; Ex-
emption from the Requirement of a Toler-
ance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2020-0112; FRL-10015-69] 
received November 4, 2020, pursuant to 5 
U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-
ergy and Commerce. 
EC-5790. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental 
Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-
cy’s final rule — Trinexapac-ethyl; Pesticide 
Tolerances 
[EPA-HQ-OPP-2020-0046; 
FRL- 
10012-51] received November 4, 2020, pursuant 
to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, 
Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on 
Energy and Commerce. 
EC-5791. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental 
Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-
cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation 
of Implementation Plans; New Jersey; Revi-
sions to Emissions Reporting Requirements 
[EPA-R02-OAR-2019-0681; 
FRL-10014-13-Re-
gion 2] received November 4, 2020, pursuant 
to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, 
Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on 
Energy and Commerce. 
EC-5792. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental 
Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-
cy’s final rule — Calcium Pantothenate; Ex-
emption from the Requirement of a Toler-
ance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2020-0117; FRL-10015-71] 
received November 4, 2020, pursuant to 5 
U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-
ergy and Commerce. 
EC-5793. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental 
Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-
cy’s final rule — Findings of Failure To Sub-
mit State Implementation Plans Required 
for Attainment of the 2010 1-Hour Primary 
Sulfur Dioxide (SO2) National Ambient Air 
Quality Standard (NAAQS) [EPA-HQ-OAR- 
2020-0377; FRL-10015-79-OAR] received No-
vember 
4, 
2020, 
pursuant 
to 
5 
U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. 
EC-5794. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental 
Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-
cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation 
of Implementation Plans; Designation of 
Areas for Air Quality Planning Purposes; 
California; South Coast Moderate Area Plan 
and Reclassification as Serious Nonattain-
ment for the 2012 PM2.5 NAAQS [EPA-R09- 
OAR-2019-0145; FRL-10015-43-Region 9] re-
ceived November 4, 2020, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. 
EC-5795. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental 
Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-
cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Pennsyl-
vania; Attainment Plan for the Indiana, 
Pennsylvania Nonattainment Area for the 
2010 Sulfur Dioxide Primary National Ambi-
ent Air Quality Standard [EPA-R03-OAR- 
2017-0615; FRL-10015-78-Region 3] received No-
vember 
4, 
2020, 
pursuant 
to 
5 
U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. 
EC-5796. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental 
Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-
cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Con-
necticut; Control of Particulate Matter and 
Visible Emissions [EPA-R01-OAR-2020-0255; 
FRL-10013-47-Region 1] received November 4, 
2020, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public 
Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
EC-5797. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental 
Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-
cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Ohio; 
Volatile Organic Compounds [EPA-R05-OAR- 
2019-0302, EPA-R05-OAR-2019-0676; FRL-10015- 
49-Region 5] received November 4, 2020, pur-
suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 
121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee 
on Energy and Commerce. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
10:56 Dec 07, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00040
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K04DE7.052
H04DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 39-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6857 
December 4, 2020 
EC-5798. A letter from the Regulations Co-
ordinator, Office of the National Coordinator 
for Health Information Technology, Depart-
ment of Health and Human Services, trans-
mitting the Department’s Major final rule — 
Information Blocking and the ONC Health IT 
Certification Program: Extension of Compli-
ance Dates and Timeframes in Response to 
the COVID-19 Public Health Emergency 
(RIN: 0955-AA02) received November 24, 2020, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
EC-5799. A letter from the Regulations Co-
ordinator, Office of the National Coordinator 
for Health Information Technology, Depart-
ment of Health and Human Services, trans-
mitting the Department’s Major final rule — 
21st Century Cures Act: Interoperability, In-
formation Blocking, and the ONC Health IT 
Certification Program (RIN: 0955-AA01) re-
ceived November 24, 2020, pursuant to 5 
U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-
ergy and Commerce. 
EC-5800. A letter from the Secretary, De-
partment of the Treasury, transmitting a 
six-month periodic report on the national 
emergency with respect to Iran that was de-
clared in Executive Order 12170 of November 
14, 1979, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public 
Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 
U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); 
(91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign 
Affairs. 
EC-5801. A letter from the Secretary, De-
partment of the Treasury, transmitting a 
six-month periodic report on the national 
emergency with respect to Somalia that was 
declared in Executive Order 13536 of April 12, 
2010, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public 
Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 
U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); 
(91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign 
Affairs. 
EC-5802. A letter from the Assistant Legal 
Advisor, Office of Treaty Affairs, Depart-
ment of State, transmitting a report con-
cerning international agreements other than 
treaties entered into by the United States to 
be transmitted to the Congress within the 
sixty-day period specified in the Case-Za-
blocki Act, pursuant to 1 U.S.C. 112b(a); Pub-
lic Law 92-403, Sec. 1(a) (as amended by Pub-
lic Law 108-458, Sec. 7121(b)); (118 Stat. 3807); 
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
EC-5803. A letter from the Director, Office 
of Management and Budget, Executive Office 
of The President, transmitting the Office’s 
report on Other U.S. Contributions to the 
United Nations for FY 2018, pursuant to 22 
U.S.C. 287b-1(a); Public Law 114-323, Sec. 
312(a); (130 Stat. 1925); to the Committee on 
Foreign Affairs. 
EC-5804. A letter from the Secretary, 
American Battle Monuments Commission, 
transmitting the Commission’s FY 2020 No 
FEAR Act report, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 
note; Public Law 107-174, 203(a) (as amended 
by Public Law 109-435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 
3242); to the Committee on Oversight and Re-
form. 
EC-5805. A letter from the Deputy Sec-
retary, Department of Agriculture, transmit-
ting the Department’s Office of Inspector 
General’s Semiannual Report to Congress, 
covering the period ending September 30, 
2020; to the Committee on Oversight and Re-
form. 
EC-5806. A letter from the Board Chairman 
and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Ad-
ministration, transmitting the semiannual 
report of the Office of the Inspector General, 
pursuant to the Inspector General Act of 
1978, as amended covering the period of April 
1, 2020, through September 30, 2020; to the 
Committee on Oversight and Reform. 
EC-5807. A letter from the Board Chairman 
and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Ad-
ministration, transmitting the Administra-
tion’s FY 2020 Performance and Account-
ability 
Report, 
pursuant 
to 
31 
U.S.C. 
3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) 
(as amended by Public Law 107-289, Sec. 2(a)); 
(116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on Over-
sight and Reform. 
EC-5808. A letter from the Chairman of the 
Board and Chairman of the Audit Com-
mittee, Farm Credit System Insurance Cor-
poration, transmitting the Corporation’s re-
port addressing the requirements of the Fed-
eral Managers’ Financial Integrity Act of 
1982; to the Committee on Oversight and Re-
form. 
EC-5809. A letter from the Administrator, 
National Aeronautics and Space Administra-
tion, transmitting the Administration’s an-
nual inventory of commercial of activities 
performed by federal government sources, 
pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 501 note; Public Law 
105-270, Sec. 2(c)(1)(A); (112 Stat. 2382); to the 
Committee on Oversight and Reform. 
EC-5810. A letter from the Chair, United 
States 
International 
Trade 
Commission, 
transmitting the Commission’s Agency Fi-
nancial Report for FY 2020, pursuant to 31 
U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 
303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107-289, 
Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee 
on Oversight and Reform. 
EC-5811. A letter from the Director, Legal 
Processing Division, Internal Revenue Serv-
ice, transmitting the Service’s final regula-
tions — Income Tax Withholding From 
Wages [TD 9924] (RIN: 1545-B032) received No-
vember 
4, 
2020, 
pursuant 
to 
5 
U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and 
Means. 
EC-5812. A letter from the Director, Legal 
Processing Division, Internal Revenue Serv-
ice, transmitting the Service’s Major final 
rule — Meals and Entertainment Expenses 
Under Section 274 [TD 9925] (RIN: 1545-BP23) 
received November 4, 2020, pursuant to 5 
U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on 
Ways and Means. 
EC-5813. A letter from the Director, Legal 
Processing Division, Internal Revenue Serv-
ice, transmitting the Service’s final rule — 
Income Tax Withholding on Certain Periodic 
Retirement and Annuity Payments Under 
Section 3405(a) [TD 9920] (RIN: 1545-BP69) re-
ceived November 4, 2020, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and 
Means. 
EC-5814. A letter from the Assistant Sec-
retary for Legislation, Department of Health 
and Human Services, transmitting a report 
titled, ‘‘Supplemental Benefits to Treat or 
Prevent Substance Use Disorders under 
Medicare Advantage Plans’’, pursuant to 
Public Law 115-271, Sec. 6084(a); (132 Stat. 
3995); jointly to the Committees on Energy 
and Commerce and Ways and Means. 
EC-5815. A letter from the Regulations Co-
ordinator, Centers for Medicare and Med-
icaid Services, Department of Health and 
Human Services, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s Major final rule — Medicare Pro-
gram; Modernizing and Clarifying the Physi-
cian Self-Referral Regulations [CMS-1720-F] 
(RIN: 0938-AT64) received December 2, 2020, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); jointly to the 
Committees on Energy and Commerce and 
Ways and Means. 
EC-5816. A letter from the Regulations Co-
ordinator, Centers for Medicare and Med-
icaid Services, Department of Health and 
Human Services, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s Major final rule — Medicare and Med-
icaid Programs; Organ Procurement Organi-
zations Conditions for Coverage: Revisions to 
the Outcome Measure Requirements for 
Organ Procurement Organizations [CMS- 
3380-F] (RIN: 0938-AU02) received December 2, 
2020, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public 
Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); jointly 
to the Committees on Energy and Commerce 
and Ways and Means. 
EC-5817. A letter from the Regulations Co-
ordinator, Centers for Medicare and Med-
icaid Services, Department of Health and 
Human Services, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s Major interim final rule — Most Fa-
vored Nation (MFN) Model [CMS-5528-IFC] 
(RIN: 0938-AT91) received November 24, 2020, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); jointly to the 
Committees on Ways and Means and Energy 
and Commerce. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following 
titles were introduced and severally re-
ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. BIGGS (for himself, Mr. PERRY, 
Mr. 
MCCLINTOCK, 
Mr. 
WEBER
of 
Texas, Mr. BROOKS of Alabama, Mrs. 
LESKO, Mr. GOHMERT, Mr. KING of 
Iowa, Mr. DUNCAN, Mr. STEUBE, and 
Mr. GRIFFITH): 
H.R. 8870. A bill to repeal the National 
Voter Registration Act of 1993; to the Com-
mittee on House Administration. 
By Mrs. DINGELL (for herself, Mr. 
LANGEVIN, 
Mr. 
LARSON
of 
Con-
necticut, Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of 
Pennsylvania, Ms. PRESSLEY, Ms. 
HAALAND, Ms. MATSUI, Ms. KUSTER of 
New Hampshire, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY, 
Mr. DEUTCH, Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER, 
Mr. TONKO, Ms. PORTER, Miss RICE of 
New York, and Ms. DELAURO): 
H.R. 8871. A bill to provide for an emer-
gency increase in Federal funding to State 
Medicaid programs for expenditures on home 
and community-based services; to the Com-
mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH (for himself 
and Mr. HECK): 
H.R. 8872. A bill to amend the Federal 
Home Loan Bank Act to enable captive in-
surance companies to apply for membership 
in the Federal Home Loan Bank System, to 
add additional membership criteria for cap-
tive insurance companies, to require a study 
on Federal Home Loan Bank membership, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Financial Services. 
By Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH: 
H.R. 8873. A bill to amend the Small Busi-
ness Act to modify requirements relating to 
small business concerns owned and con-
trolled by service-disabled veterans, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on Small 
Business, and in addition to the Committee 
on Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subse-
quently determined by the Speaker, in each 
case for consideration of such provisions as 
fall within the jurisdiction of the committee 
concerned. 
By Mr. KELLER (for himself and Ms. 
WILD): 
H.R. 8874. A bill to amend titles XVIII and 
XIX of the Social Security Act to provide 
flexibility in training and competency re-
quirements for skilled nursing facility and 
nursing facility nursing aides under the 
Medicare and Medicaid programs; to the 
Committee on Ways and Means, and in addi-
tion to the Committee on Energy and Com-
merce, for a period to be subsequently deter-
mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-
sideration of such provisions as fall within 
the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. KENNEDY: 
H.R. 8875. A bill to amend the Patient Pro-
tection and Affordable Care Act and the Em-
ployee Retirement Income Security Act of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
10:56 Dec 07, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00041
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\L04DE7.000
H04DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 40-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6858 
December 4, 2020 
1974 to establish a special enrollment periods 
for eligible individuals who are enrolled in 
non-compliant health plans, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on Energy and 
Commerce, and in addition to the Committee 
on Education and Labor, for a period to be 
subsequently determined by the Speaker, in 
each case for consideration of such provi-
sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
By Mr. KING of Iowa: 
H.R. 8876. A bill to authorize the Director 
of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforce-
ment to reclassify the GS-1801 ICE Tactical 
Officers in the Homeland Security Investiga-
tions (HSI) tactical patrol unit operating on 
the Native American Tohono O’odham Na-
tion (commonly known as the ‘‘Shadow 
Wolves’’) as GS-1811 ICE Homeland Security 
Investigations Special Agents, to amend the 
Native American Hiring preference granted 
to the Department of Homeland Security in 
support of the Shadow Wolves program to 
modify the job series and title for newly 
hired Shadow Wolves from GS-1801 ICE Tac-
tical Officers to GS-1811 ICE HSI Special 
Agents, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Homeland Security. 
By Mr. NEGUSE (for himself and Mr. 
KATKO): 
H.R. 8877. A bill to make an emergency ad-
ditional appropriation to carry out the Head 
Start Act; to the Committee on Appropria-
tions. 
By Mr. NORMAN: 
H.R. 8878. A bill to prohibit the use of funds 
to purchase goods or services from Com-
munist Chinese military companies; to the 
Committee on Oversight and Reform. 
By Mr. PASCRELL (for himself and 
Mr. FITZPATRICK): 
H.R. 8879. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide credits for the 
production of renewable chemicals and in-
vestments in renewable chemical production 
facilities, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. PHILLIPS (for himself, Mr. 
EVANS, Mr. CASE, and Ms. CRAIG): 
H.R. 8880. A bill to establish the Compas-
sionate Capitalist Award to recognize orga-
nizations that substantially benefit the well- 
being of their employees, stakeholders, and 
communities, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Ms. SCANLON (for herself, Mr. 
FITZPATRICK, 
Mr. 
RESCHENTHALER, 
and Ms. MOORE): 
H.R. 8881. A bill to provide grants to States 
that do not suspend, revoke, or refuse to 
renew a driver’s license of a person or refuse 
to renew a registration of a motor vehicle for 
failure to pay a civil or criminal fine or fee, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
the Judiciary, and in addition to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture, for a period to be subsequently deter-
mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-
sideration of such provisions as fall within 
the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. SHERRILL (for herself and Mr. 
WEBER of Texas): 
H.R. 8882. A bill to establish a national in-
tegrated flood information system within 
the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-
ministration, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-
nology, and in addition to the Committees 
on Natural Resources, and Transportation 
and Infrastructure, for a period to be subse-
quently determined by the Speaker, in each 
case for consideration of such provisions as 
fall within the jurisdiction of the committee 
concerned. 
By Mr. HURD of Texas (for himself, 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Ms. STEFANIK, 
Mr. VEASEY, Mr. CLOUD, Mr. CON-
NOLLY, Mr. LUCAS, Mr. BEYER, and 
Mr. FITZPATRICK): 
H. Res. 1250. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives with 
respect to the principles that should guide 
the national artificial intelligence strategy 
of the United States; to the Committee on 
Science, Space, and Technology, and in addi-
tion to the Committees on Education and 
Labor, Oversight and Reform, Foreign Af-
fairs, Energy and Commerce, and Ways and 
Means, for a period to be subsequently deter-
mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-
sideration of such provisions as fall within 
the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
f 
MEMORIALS 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials 
were presented and referred as follows: 
ML-214. The SPEAKER presented a memo-
rial of the Legislature of the State of New 
Jersey, relative to Assembly Concurrent 
Resolution No. 190, urging Congress and the 
President to enact legislation that provides 
additional emergency response funding to 
support the costs of safely reopening schools 
following the COVID-19; to the Committee on 
Education and Labor. 
ML-215. Also, a memorial of the House of 
Representatives of the State of Michigan, 
relative to House Resolution No. 234, memo-
rializing the Congress of the United States 
to repeal the federal ban on Pell Grants for 
prison-based education; to the Committee on 
Education and Labor. 
ML-216. Also, a memorial of the House of 
Representatives of the State of Michigan, 
relative to House Resolution No. 323, dis-
couraging Congress from expanding the size 
of the Supreme Court of the United States; 
to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
ML-217. Also, a memorial of the Legisla-
ture of the State of New Jersey, relative to 
Assembly Resolution No. 86, respectfully me-
morializing Congress of the United States to 
enact legislation to provide Medicare cov-
erage for eyeglasses, hearing aids, and den-
tures; jointly to the Committees on Ways 
and Means and Energy and Commerce. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-
tives, the following statements are sub-
mitted regarding the specific powers 
granted to Congress in the Constitu-
tion to enact the accompanying bill or 
joint resolution. 
By Mr. BIGGS: 
H.R. 8870. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mrs. DINGELL: 
H.R. 8871. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-
cle I, Section 8 of the United States Con-
stitution. 
By Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH: 
H.R. 8872. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH: 
H.R. 8873. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. KELLER: 
H.R. 8874. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 2, Clause 18 
By Mr. KENNEDY: 
H.R. 8875. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. KING of Iowa: 
H.R. 8876. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8 Clause 4 of the Con-
stitution 
By Mr. NEGUSE: 
H.R. 8877. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. NORMAN: 
H.R. 8878. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. PASCRELL: 
H.R. 8879. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mr. PHILLIPS: 
H.R. 8880. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, clause 18—Congress 
shall have the power to make all Laws which 
shall be necessary and proper for carrying 
into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all 
other Powers vested by this Constitution in 
the Government of the United States, or in 
any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Ms. SCANLON: 
H.R. 8881. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Ms. SHERRILL: 
H.R. 8882. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of Section 8 or Article 1 of the 
Constitution of the United States of Amer-
ica. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-
tions, as follows: 
H.R. 1155: Mr. TRONE and Mr. NEAL. 
H.R. 2428: Mrs. NAPOLITANO. 
H.R. 3316: Ms. MCCOLLUM, Mr. BROWN of 
Maryland, Mr. GONZALEZ of Ohio, Mr. FER-
GUSON, and Mr. COURTNEY. 
H.R. 3637: Ms. PINGREE. 
H.R. 3711: Ms. BROWNLEY of California. 
H.R. 4022: Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York. 
H.R. 4914: Ms. WILSON of Florida. 
H.R. 5531: Ms. HAALAND. 
H.R. 6703: Mr. KHANNA, Mr. KILDEE, Ms. 
BROWNLEY of California, Mr. SUOZZI, and Mr. 
MCNERNEY. 
H.R. 6745: Ms. LEE
of California, Mr. 
MCGOVERN, Ms. ADAMS, and Mr. CICILLINE. 
H.R. 6909: Mr. SIRES. 
H.R. 6958: Mr. LAWSON of Florida. 
H.R. 7052: Mr. ROUDA and Mr. GOMEZ. 
H.R. 7197: Mr. GONZALEZ of Ohio. 
H.R. 7308: Mrs. TORRES of California, Mr. 
KHANNA, and Mr. THOMPSON of California. 
H.R. 7806: Mr. RUTHERFORD. 
H.R. 7976: Mr. EVANS. 
H.R. 8058: Mr. CLINE. 
H.R. 8242: Mr. LOWENTHAL. 
H.R. 
8254: 
Mr. 
GROTHMAN
and 
Mr. 
MALINOWSKI. 
H.R. 8270: Mr. HAGEDORN and Mrs. BROOKS 
of Indiana. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
10:56 Dec 07, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00042
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\L04DE7.100
H04DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 41-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6859 
December 4, 2020 
H.R. 8354: Mr. NADLER and Mr. NEGUSE. 
H.R. 8368: Ms. WEXTON. 
H.R. 8380: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY, Mrs. TRAHAN, 
Ms. NORTON, Mr. WELCH, Mrs. CAROLYN B. 
MALONEY of New York, and Mrs. HAYES. 
H.R. 8433: Mr. LAMB, Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE 
of Pennsylvania, Mr. ESPAILLAT, Mr. SMITH 
of Washington, and Mr. HIGGINS
of New 
York. 
H.R. 8485: Mr. KIM. 
H.R. 8662: Mr. LOEBSACK, Mr. MCCLINTOCK, 
Mr. YOUNG, and Mr. SARBANES. 
H.R. 8702: Mr. LYNCH, Mr. KIM, Mrs. 
WALORSKI, Mr. GONZALEZ
of Texas, Mrs. 
BUSTOS, Mr. TED LIEU of California, Ms. HER-
RERA BEUTLER, Ms. SHERRILL, Mr. EVANS, 
and Mr. CARTER of Georgia. 
H.R. 8711: Mr. PERRY and Mr. STEUBE. 
H.R. 8745: Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. 
H.R. 8769: Ms. CASTOR
of Florida, Mr. 
HUFFMAN, Ms. BONAMICI, and Mr. LEVIN of 
California. 
H.R. 8774: Mr. CA´ RDENAS. 
H.R. 8778: Mr. VELA. 
H.R. 8791: Ms. NORTON and Mr. VELA. 
H.R. 8801: Mr. GRIFFITH and Mr. STIVERS. 
H.R. 8812: Mr. HASTINGS. 
H.R. 8820: Mr. HASTINGS, Mr. QUIGLEY, and 
Mrs. LEE of Nevada. 
H.R. 8830: Mr. LOUDERMILK. 
H.R. 8834: Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-
sylvania. 
H.R. 8840: Mr. FITZPATRICK. 
H. J. Res. 8: Ms. NORTON, Mr. TAKANO, Mr. 
COOPER, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY, and Mr. CICILLINE. 
H. J. Res. 104: Ms. CLARKE of New York and 
Mr. LARSEN of Washington. 
H. Res. 1201: Ms. BROWNLEY of California. 
H. Res. 1213: Mr. CASE. 
H. Res. 1222: Mr. HARDER of California. 
PETITIONS, ETC. 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, petitions 
and papers were laid on the clerk’s 
desk and referred as follows: 
PT-150. The SPEAKER presented a petition 
of the Board of Supervisors of the City and 
County of San Francisco, CA, relative to 
Resolution No. 518-20, condemning the hos-
tile military attacks escalating the conflict 
between Azerbaijan and Armenia; affirming 
support of House Resolution 1165, authored 
by Congresswoman JACKIE SPEIER; and urg-
ing the United States to help broker a peace-
ful resolution and return to a ceasefire 
agreement; to the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs. 
PT-151. Also, a petition of the mayor and 
City Commission of Miami Beach, FL, rel-
ative to Resolution No. 2020-31414, affirming 
support for and a partnership with federal, 
state, and local leaders to ensure an accurate 
2020 U.S. Census; to the Committee on Over-
sight and Reform. 
PT-152. Also, a petition of the Mayor and 
City Commission of Miami Beach, FL, rel-
ative to Resolution No. 2020-31413, requesting 
that the U.S. Congress pass legislation pro-
viding direct funding assistance to all cities 
to help mitigate expenditures and current 
and future losses as a result of the Novel 
Coronavirus (‘‘COVID-19’’) Pandemic; to the 
Committee on Oversight and Reform. 
PT-153. Also, a petition of the Legislature 
of Rockland County, NY, relative to Resolu-
tion No. 417 of 2020, support of the United 
States Postal Service and its workers and 
demanding that adequate funding, staffing 
and processing infrastructure be restored to 
handle mail-in ballots for the November 2020 
election and beyond; to the Committee on 
Oversight and Reform. 
PT-154. Also, a petition of the Senate of 
the Government of Puerto Rico, relative to 
Senate Resolution 1378, to express the rejec-
tion of the Senate of Puerto Rico to H.R. 8113 
of the United States House of Representa-
tives, for this legislation disregards and 
interferes with the right to self-determina-
tion of the voters of Puerto Rico; perpet-
uates the antidemocratic territory status by 
suggesting that there may be a non-terri-
torial status other than statehood, independ-
ence, or a nation associated with the United 
States, et al; to the Committee on Natural 
Resources. 
PT-155. Also, a petition of the Electors of 
the Town of Newbold, WI, relative to Resolu-
tion No. 2020-1, seeking to reclaim democ-
racy 
from 
the 
expansion 
of 
corporate 
personhood rights and the corrupting influ-
ence of unregulated political contributions 
and spending; to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. 
PT-156. Also, a petition of the Legislature 
of Rockland County, NY, relative to Resolu-
tion No. 452 of 2020, opposing the Metropoli-
tan Transportation Authority’s (MTA) plan 
to eliminate rail service west of the Hudson 
and calling upon the Federal Government to 
provide the much-needed funding; to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure. 
PT-157. Also, a petition of the Mayor and 
City Commission of Miami Beach, FL, rel-
ative to Resolution No. 2020-31411, supporting 
House Bill H.R. 3872 and its related Bill, Sen-
ate Bill S. 2187 and urging the U.S. Congress 
to reauthorize the National Flood Insurance 
program; and further urging Congress to pro-
vide additional resources to FEMA to utilize 
the best technology and methods available 
to improve the flood mapping process; joint-
ly to the Committees on Financial Services 
and Transportation and Infrastructure. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
10:56 Dec 07, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00043
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A04DE7.009
H04DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 42-
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E1087 
December 4, 2020 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY 
OF FRED HAMPTON 
HON. BOBBY L. RUSH 
OF ILLINOIS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, December 4, 2020 
Mr. RUSH. Madam Speaker, you can kill the 
revolutionary, but you cannot kill the revolu-
tion. These were the words my late comrade 
and best friend Fred Hampton, the Chairman 
and co-founder of the Illinois Chapter of the 
Black Panther Party spoke and lived by. In a 
year that has seen too many Black lives un-
justly taken, Chairman Fred’s words, life, and 
legacy remain just as vital to our under-
standing of justice today as they were on the 
date of his assassination on December 4, 
1969. 
Chairman Fred was both a visionary and a 
revolutionary, who fought for a more just world 
for everyone. I had the distinct privilege of re-
cruiting and working alongside Fred during our 
righteous struggle for the liberation and eman-
cipation of the people who had been ignored 
by those in power for far too long. We encour-
aged community development and empower-
ment through programs that included commu-
nity health clinics and an expansive free 
breakfast for children program, finally deliv-
ering critical social services to long under-
served communities. We also helped broker a 
peace agreement between Chicago’s street 
gangs, reducing violence in the city’s most 
marginalized neighborhoods. 
Furthermore, the Illinois Chapter of the 
Black Panther Party joined forces with the 
Latino Young Lords organization, and the 
Young Patriots, an organization of poor whites 
living in Chicago’s Uptown community. To-
gether, we formed the original Rainbow Coali-
tion to fight all economic oppression. This wa-
tershed organization assembled a working- 
class coalition to fight for our shared interests, 
despite the fact that we were working in one 
of the most segregated cities in the United 
States. We banded together to fight many of 
the issues that still plague us to this very day, 
including police brutality, substandard housing, 
mediocre education, and low-quality health 
care. 
In the early hours of December 4th, 51 
years ago, the Chicago Police Department 
with the cooperation, coordination, and sup-
port of the Federal Bureau of Investigation and 
the Cook County State’s Attorney entered an 
apartment on West Monroe Street that seven 
members of the Black Panther Party were 
staying in, with the premeditated aim of mur-
dering Fred Hampton. The police immediately 
opened fire, killing Fred as he lay in his bed 
alongside his pregnant girlfriend, Akua Njeri. 
Our fellow Black Panther Party Member Mark 
Clark was also killed in the raid. There but for 
the grace of God, on that dreadful night, go I. 
In fact, my apartment was raided during the 
early hours the very next morning, December 
5, 1969. 
Madam Speaker, through meticulous work 
we were able to prove that the official nar-
rative of that night, that Hampton and Clark 
were killed in a vicious firelight, was entirely a 
falsehood. The police and State’s Attorney 
claimed that they engaged in a fierce battle 
with the Panthers, but investigators were able 
to determine that the police fired 99 bullets 
while the Panthers only fired one. 
A civil lawsuit would further reveal that the 
FBI’s 
Counter-Intelligence 
Program, 
or 
COINTELPRO, helped plan the murder of 
Fred Hampton. William O’Neil, an FBI inform-
ant within the Party, provided floor plans of the 
apartment to the FBI, who provided them to 
the State’s Attorney and Chicago Police De-
partment. An autopsy found a massive dose of 
the barbiturate Seconal in Chairman Fred’s 
bloodstream, powerful enough to sedate an 
elephant. J. Edgar Hoover’s FBI viewed the 
Black Panther Party movement Fred and I 
helped start to liberate our brothers and sis-
ters who were suffering from divestment, lack 
of health care, and police brutality—as the 
number one threat to the national security of 
America. 
This country’s government planned the as-
sassination—the 
political 
assassination—of 
one of our nation’s brightest young leaders. To 
my recollection, the murder of Fred Hampton 
is the only time federal law enforcement con-
spired to carry out the political assassination 
of an American citizen on United States soil, 
a truly shameful moment in the history of our 
country. This was a systemic campaign to vio-
lently disrupt a movement seeking justice and 
freedom for the most marginalized among us. 
This should remind all of us that Black lives 
have never been fully valued by many of 
those in this country’s power structures. Too 
often, justice is not sought for the families of 
those whose lives are senselessly taken by 
the state 
Madam Speaker, when the South Side of 
Chicago’s very own Ida B. Wells published her 
seminal investigative journalism on lynching in 
America, she found that many lynchings oc-
curred because the victims posed a threat to 
the white supremacist status quo. One of her 
best friends was killed for merely operating a 
successful grocery store that competed with 
neighboring white businesses. While the 
killings Ida B. Wells examined were not polit-
ical assassinations like the murder of Fred 
Hampton, they share a common thread. Both 
challenged the white supremacist status quo 
in their communities. 
Fred Hampton profoundly challenged this 
status quo by fiercely advocating for economic 
and social dignity for all people, and by pro-
viding long overdue social services to the 
most neglected communities in Chicago. Fred 
Hampton’s challenge to the status quo pro-
posed nothing less than a demand for full civil 
rights and economic opportunity for all those 
whose talents, dreams, and goals had long 
been stifled. This was a scary proposition to 
those like State’s Attorney Hanrahan and FBI 
Director J. Edgar Hoover, who would stop at 
nothing to maintain the unjust status quo that 
prevailed in Chicago and throughout the 
United States in December of 1969. Fred 
Hampton gave his life to help create a more 
fundamentally fair and equal nation for every 
American, consistent with our nation’s found-
ing principles 
Sadly, Madam Speaker, too often it appears 
that for Black Americans merely existing can 
be seen as a challenge to the white, racist 
power structure. And sadly, as Ida B. Wells 
found in 1892, the consequences can be just 
as gruesome. Ahmaud Arbery was 25 years 
old when he was gunned down for merely jog-
ging in what his killers deemed to be the 
wrong neighborhood. Despite this incident tak-
ing place in February of this year, and a video 
being available, neither of the men now 
charged with the murder of Ahmaud Arbery 
were arrested until May. If not for a report by 
The New York Times that helped lead to the 
Georgia Bureau of Iinvestigation’s intervention 
in the matter, Mr. Arbery’s killers may never 
have faced justice. 
Ahmaud Arbery’s death was a lynching, 
which occurred because two white men felt 
uncomfortable with his jogging though their 
neighborhood. One of the most recent in far 
too long a line of lynch mob killings of Black 
people in the United States. 
Madam 
Speaker, 
Congress 
must 
act 
promptly to ensure that no one who partici-
pates in such acts of terror and hatred can es-
cape justice. As introduced, my bill, the Em-
mett Till Anti-lynching Act, would designate 
lynching as federal hate crime. This would 
apply whether or not those committing the of-
fense were acting under the color of law. By 
designating lynching as a federal hate crime, 
the United States Department of Justice and 
Federal Bureau of Investigation would be com-
pelled to investigate a case like Ahmaud 
Arbery’s. 
The Emmett Till Anti-lynching Act honors 
the legacy of Emmett Till, who was brutally 
murdered in Money, Mississippi, in 1955. His 
death helped spark this country’s civil rights 
movement, but his murderers never faced jus-
tice, as they were acquitted at a sham trial in 
Tallahatchie County, Mississippi. Passing the 
Emmett Till Anti-lynching Act would ensure 
that the full force of the United States Federal 
Government is always brought to prosecute 
those who commit the monstrous act of lynch-
ing. 
We have the opportunity to finally, after 120 
years and 200 attempts since Congressman 
George Henry White of North Carolina intro-
duced the first anti-lynching legislation, make 
lynching a federal crime. In fact, Ida B. Wells 
herself advocated for the administration of 
President William McKinley to push for anti- 
lynching reforms all the way back in 1898. 
Passage of the Emmett Till Anti-Lynching Act 
into law would demonstrate that this country 
understands the heinous legacy of lynching 
and begin the process of finally closing this 
shameful chapter of our history. 
Madam Speaker, let us never forget the 
courage, conviction, and compassion of Fred 
Hampton. Despite this government assassi-
nating him at only 21 years of age, Chairman 
Fred’s work and legacy are everlasting. Let 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
07:19 Mar 13, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\RECORD20\DECEMBER\E04DE0.REC
E04DE0
abonner on DSKJLXR7X2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
 CORRECTION

 -Page 43-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E1088 
December 4, 2020 
our work in Congress be guided by his legacy 
of pursuing freedom and justice for all people. 
That work can begin by sending the Emmet 
Till Anti-lynching Act to the President’s desk, 
an act that would require action by our col-
leagues in the Senate. That would be a clear 
demonstration that Congress has begun to 
value the Black lives, including Fred Hamp-
ton’s, Emmett Till’s, Ahmaud Arbery’s, and the 
countless others whose lives have been sys-
temically devalued for far too long. 
f 
HONORING STATE SENATOR TOM 
CASPERSON 
HON. ELISSA SLOTKIN 
OF MICHIGAN 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, December 4, 2020 
Ms. SLOTKIN. Madam Speaker, yesterday, 
my 
colleagues, 
Representatives 
JACK 
BERGMAN and TOM TIFFANY, paid tribute on the 
House floor to former state senator and serv-
ant leader for Michigan’s Upper Peninsula, Mr. 
Tom Casperson. Today, I rise to do the same. 
On November 29, Tom lost his battle with can-
cer, but throughout his life, he embodied many 
of the traits that our great state—and particu-
larly our Upper Peninsula—is known for: hard 
work, fierce independence, and an undying 
devotion to the people of his community. 
Born in Escanaba, Tom worked for his fam-
ily’s log trucking business for more than three 
decades, rising through the ranks from trucker 
to owner. He could have continued at the 
helm of his family’s successful company. How-
ever, after a fatal accident involving a log- 
truck-industry colleague took the life of a 
young woman and her baby, Tom resolved to 
help implement safety measures for the indus-
try so the tragedy would never repeat itself. 
When he realized that his best chance at mak-
ing a difference was through the political proc-
ess, he decided to run for office. 
In 2002, Tom was elected to the Michigan 
House of Representatives. Just eight months 
after being sworn in, Tom made good on his 
first legislative priority when he passed legisla-
tion to require new safety measures in the log- 
trucking industry. This first public act he au-
thored was followed by an incredible 117 addi-
tional bills passed into law during the 14 years 
that Tom served the Upper Peninsula—six 
years as the State Representative and eight 
years as State Senator. 
Tom was a tenacious advocate for the 
Upper Peninsula and, in the days since his 
passing, tributes to his life have poured in 
from public officials on both sides of the aisle 
and across Michigan. On Wednesday, Gov-
ernor Whitmer lowered our state’s flags on the 
day of his funeral in his honor. In so many 
statements remembering his life, what shines 
through is his passion for doing the people’s 
work and setting an example for future gen-
erations of public servants. 
Tom’s passing is felt particularly by my team 
because his son-in-law, Chan, is a Wounded 
Warrior Fellow in my office. Chan and his wife, 
Ashley, have shared with us what a wonderful 
and loving grandfather Tom was to their three 
children, especially how meaningful it was 
when Tom traveled the world to visit his 
grandchildren 
while 
Chan 
was 
stationed 
abroad with the U.S. Navy. I know that they 
will deeply miss their lengthy and substantive 
political conversations that were always civil 
and informative. 
At a time when consensus seems elusive, 
Tom was an example of what we can accom-
plish when we work together and find common 
ground. Today, I’m thinking of Tom’s wife, 
Diane, of Chan and Ashley, Ashley’s three sib-
lings, and Tom’s grandchildren. I hope it 
serves as a comfort for them to know that he 
left a profound mark on those who knew him, 
loved him, and served with him. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY 
OF WALTER K. ROBINSON, SR. 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, December 4, 2020 
Ms. NORTON. Madam Speaker, I rise today 
to ask the House of Representatives to join 
me in remembering the life and legacy of Wal-
ter K. Robinson, Sr., a District of Columbia 
resident for over 50 years and a Documented 
Original Tuskegee Airman. Mr. Robinson died 
on November 23, 2020, his 100th birthday. Mr. 
Robinson will be remembered by his family, 
friends and the East Coast Chapter of the 
Tuskegee Airmen, of which he was an active 
member. 
In 1941, while attending Howard University, 
Mr. Robinson volunteered for the Army Air 
Corps. He was sent to Camp Lee in Virginia, 
Keesler Field in Biloxi, Mississippi and finally 
to Tuskegee Army Air Base in Tuskegee, Ala-
bama. He began training at Tuskegee Institute 
for Basic Ground School and, after three 
months, continued in Pre-Flight, Primary, 
Basic and Advanced Flight. During Primary 
Training, he had an accident, severing his 
Achilles tendon, and was hospitalized for al-
most a year, enduring six operations and ex-
tensive physical therapy. Yet, Mr. Robinson 
completed Primary, Lower, and Upper Basic 
Training, and while he was in Lower Ad-
vanced, World War II ended. After his honor-
able discharge from the military, Mr. Robinson 
and his wife, Edmonia, moved to D.C. in 1959. 
He soon joined the Postal Service and rose 
through the ranks to become the second Black 
Manager of Delivery and Collection for the 
District. 
I had the immense honor of hosting Mr. 
Robinson at my office in 2017, where I pre-
sented him with a bronze replica of the 
Tuskegee Airmen Congressional Gold Medal. 
Mr. Robinson is emblematic of the many D.C. 
residents who have heroically sacrificed so 
much for their country, even without their full 
citizenship rights. I am proud to have been 
able to honor his service. 
Tuskegee Airmen like Mr. Robinson did 
more than protect America from foreign en-
emies during World War II; they saved Amer-
ica from itself, defying the gross misconcep-
tion that African Americans were not capable 
of 
flying 
and 
fighting 
as 
equal 
servicemembers. The accomplishments of 
these brave servicemembers helped pave the 
way for President Harry Truman’s decision to 
integrate the military in 1948. Their service to 
this country and as history-shapers was recog-
nized in 2007 when 300 members of the 
Tuskegee Airmen, including Mr. Robinson, re-
ceived the Congressional Gold Medal. 
I ask the House of Representatives to join 
me in remembering the life and legacy of Wal-
ter K. Miller, Sr. 
IN HONOR OF CAPTAIN (RETIRED) 
WILLIAM EISENHART 
HON. JOHN JOYCE 
OF PENNSYLVANIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, December 4, 2020 
Mr. JOYCE of Pennsylvania. Madam Speak-
er, I rise today to honor Captain (Retired) Wil-
liam Eisenhart of Altoona, Pennsylvania, who 
courageously served our nation in the U.S. 
Army. 
During his fifteen-year military career, Cap-
tain Eisenhart served with distinction. While he 
was stationed in Vietnam from November 
1967 to October 1968, Captain Eisenhart 
served as a Senior Advisor to forces in Tan 
Thanh Dong Province. In this role, he moved 
his advisory team into a dilapidated fortress lo-
cated on strategic territory. Captain Eisenhart 
and his team are credited with making several 
critical improvements to the fortress that 
helped the United States forces, including the 
installation of a helipad that allowed the Army 
to facilitate medical evacuations in Thanh 
Dong Province. Holding this outpost was a 
challenge. 
On 
June 
6, 
1968, 
Captain 
Eisenhart was instrumental in repelling a su-
perior enemy force when he fired a machine 
gun into the center of the enemy’s line of at-
tack, which allowed U.S. forces to effectively 
build up a defensive operation. 
The fortress that Captain Eisenhart de-
fended was a critical outpost in the Phu Hoa 
District for deterring enemy movement. For 
this extraordinary accomplishment, he was 
awarded the Bronze Star Medal with a ‘‘V’’ de-
vice and one Oak Leaf Cluster. In recognition 
of his service, Captain Eisenhart also was 
awarded the Army Good Conduct Medal, the 
Vietnam Service Medal with One Silver Serv-
ice Star, and a Meritorious Unit Commenda-
tion with one Bronze Oak Leaf Cluster. 
With his incredible legacy of selfless serv-
ice, Captain (Retired) William Eisenhart exem-
plifies our American values. He is an out-
standing American and Pennsylvanian, and it 
is my privilege to recognize his many achieve-
ments. On behalf of Pennsylvania’s 13th Con-
gressional District, I thank Captain (Retired) 
Eisenhart for his dedication to our nation, our 
Commonwealth, and our community. 
f 
BIG CAT PUBLIC SAFETY ACT 
SPEECH OF 
HON. RON ESTES 
OF KANSAS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, December 3, 2020 
Mr. ESTES. Madam Speaker, the House is 
set to vote on the Big Cat Public Safety Act. 
Sadly, my Democratic colleagues are pushing 
legislation inspired by a reality show feud in-
stead of focusing on the harsh realities that 
real life families are facing because of the 
coronavirus pandemic. 
Madam Speaker, this bill does more harm 
than good for the very animals it seeks to pro-
tect. My district is home to Tanganyika Wildlife 
Park in Goddard, Kansas. It’s owner, Jim 
Fouts, founded this park in 2008 to conserve 
endangered tiger species and educate visitors 
through interactive experiences. 
Through its current operation, Tanganyika 
Wildlife Park has become one of the top big 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
09:42 Dec 07, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A04DE8.001
E04DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 44-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E1089 
December 4, 2020 
cat breeding facilities, among 37 across the 
United States, for conservation. This legisla-
tion discriminates against smaller facilities that 
have safely worked to increase populations for 
rare and Endangered species. 
Additionally, like many other small conserva-
tion facilities, Tanganyika Wildlife Park was 
built privately with no government grants or 
funding. The Big Cat Public Safety Act is not 
about public safety; instead, it eliminates 
smaller operations that are saving animals’ 
lives while also providing unique educational 
experiences in communities across the coun-
try. 
Instead of fixing a problem, Democrats have 
once again introduced a one-size-fits-all bill 
that hurts smaller facilities instead of address-
ing problems with some bad actors. And 
they’ve abdicated their responsibility to lead 
the People’s House in a bipartisan manner 
when so many families and small businesses 
are hurting. 
It is ridiculous that we are voting on this bill 
rather than passing meaningful, common- 
sense measures to provide relief to Americans 
during our public health crisis. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, December 4, 2020 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Madam Speaker, I was 
not present to vote on passage of H.R. 1380 
on Thursday December 3, 2020. I wish to re-
flect my intentions had I been present to vote. 
Had I been present for roll call No. 232 on 
passage of H.R. 1380, the Big Cat Public 
Safety Act, I would have voted YEA. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PETER A. DeFAZIO 
OF OREGON 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, December 4, 2020 
Mr. DEFAZIO. Madam Speaker, on Decem-
ber 3, I was unable to vote due to illness. Had 
I been present, I would have voted: on Roll 
Call Vote Number 229, On the Motion to Ad-
journ, I would have voted Nay; on Roll Call 
Vote Number 230, On Ordering the Previous 
Question to H. Res. 1244, I would have voted 
Aye; on Roll Call Vote Number 231, On 
Agreeing to the Resolution H. Res. 1244, I 
would have voted Aye; and on Roll Call Vote 
Number 232, On the Motion to Suspend the 
Rules and Pass, as Amended, H.R. 1380, the 
Big Cat Public Safety Act, I would have voted 
Aye. 
f 
RECOGNIZING 
COMMANDER 
MI-
CHAEL YUNKER AND HIS DEDI-
CATED SERVICE TO OUR GREAT 
NATION 
HON. SCOTT PERRY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, December 4, 2020 
Mr. PERRY. Madam Speaker, I’m honored 
to recognize Commander Michael Yunker for 
his impeccable and tireless service to our 
great Country, upon his retirement on Decem-
ber 1, 2020, after 20 years of service in the 
United States Navy. 
Commander Yunker is the Operations Offi-
cer for the Navy Customer Facing Division, 
Customer Operations Directorate, Defense Lo-
gistics Agency Aviation. Previously, he served 
as the Division’s Director of Industrial Support 
and Naval Aviation Enterprise Action Officer. 
He has been a member of the DLA workforce 
since January 2018. 
Commander Yunker is a native of Aston, 
Pennsylvania. He earned a Bachelor of 
Science degree in Criminal Justice from 
Radford University, a Master of Arts in Na-
tional Security and Strategic Studies—to in-
clude an Operational Planner Certificate from 
the U.S. Naval War College—and a Master of 
Public Administration from the Pennsylvania 
State University. He is also a member of the 
Navy Acquisition Professional Community and 
is a Joint Specialty Officer. Commander 
Yunker’s operational tours include: Principal 
Assistant for Services and Stock Control Offi-
cer; USS Enterprise (CVN 65); Assistant Sup-
ply Officer, USS Ashland (LSD 48); and Base 
Command Group, Multi-National Forces-West 
Base Fuels and Environmental Compliance 
Officer, al-Asad, Iraq. 
As an Operations Officer, Commander 
Yunker’s daily focus is centered around oper-
ations for the near-and long-term readiness 
and sustainment of 21 various naval aviation 
airframe models and 11 nuclear aircraft car-
riers. He serves as the initial point of contact 
for all inquiries supporting naval air stations 
and nuclear aircraft carriers globally. He as-
sists the senior naval officer with service-re-
lated administrative tasks, to include: awards; 
fitness reports and evaluations; detailing; and 
any other duties as assigned/required. 
Commander Yunker’s prior shore assign-
ments include: Director, Strategic Planning/In-
ternal Review, Assistant Secretary of the Navy 
for Research, Development and Acquisition, 
Washington, D.C.; Joint Petroleum Officer and 
Logistics Planner, U.S. Strategic Command, 
Omaha, Nebraska; Midshipmen Disbursing Of-
ficer/Financial Advisor, Midshipmen Services 
Officer and Adjunct Instructor, U.S. Naval 
Academy, Annapolis; and Director, New Con-
struction Outfitting and In-Service Platform 
Manager Surface Ships, Naval Supply Sys-
tems Command Weapon Systems Support, 
Mechanicsburg, 
Pennsylvania. 
Commander 
Yunker’s military awards and recognitions in-
clude, but are not limited to: the Defense Meri-
torious Service Medal; Navy and Marine Corps 
Commendation Medal (five awards); Joint 
Service Achievement Medal; Navy and Marine 
Corps Achievement Medal (two awards); and 
various campaign and unit awards. 
Upon retirement, Commander Yunker plans 
to start a second career in addition to spend-
ing more time with his family. 
Madam Speaker, I’m humbled to recognize 
Commander Michael Yunker and, on behalf of 
the Citizens of the 10th Congressional District 
of Pennsylvania, thank him for his decades of 
dedicated and selfless service to our great Na-
tion both in times of peace and war. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, December 4, 2020 
Ms. LEE of California. Madam Speaker, on 
roll call vote 229, I was not present because 
I was unavoidably detained. Had I been 
present, I would have voted NAY on the mo-
tion to adjourn. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE RETIRE-
MENT OF KAREN BIRD, EXECU-
TIVE DIRECTOR OF THE ALLI-
ANCE 
OF 
DEDICATED 
CANCER 
CENTERS 
HON. KATHERINE M. CLARK 
OF MASSACHUSETTS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, December 4, 2020 
Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Madam 
Speaker, I rise today to recognize the retire-
ment of Karen Bird, Executive Director of the 
Alliance of Dedicated Cancer Centers (ADCC). 
As Executive Director, Karen represented the 
country’s leading cancer centers whose one 
and only mission is to defeat cancer. She 
worked tirelessly to communicate to Congress 
and the Administration the importance of the 
ADCC member institutions and what they do 
to improve patient treatment and to drive inno-
vative cancer research. Thanks in large part to 
Karen’s efforts, patients now have greater ac-
cess to lifesaving treatments such as CAR–T 
cell therapies. 
Prior to her work at the ADCC, Karen was 
Chief Financial Officer at the renowned Dana- 
Farber Cancer Institute where she succeeded 
in working with both physician leadership and 
senior executives to grow new ventures and 
programs. She developed a finance depart-
ment that was considered best in class and 
was able to help Dana-Farber respond quickly 
to the 2008 financial crisis with an integrated 
financial forecasting model that encompassed 
endowment, research, and patient care. 
Perhaps most importantly, Karen has gener-
ously served as a role model and mentor 
throughout her career, ensuring that the pipe-
line of talent in finance and especially for 
women—was amply filled and abundantly 
qualified. 
It is a great honor to represent Karen Bird 
and her lifetime commitment to advancing our 
nation’s understanding of the causes, preven-
tion, diagnosis, treatment, and survival of can-
cer. 
f 
RECOGNIZING SUPERVISOR KARL 
RODEFER 
HON. TOM McCLINTOCK 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, December 4, 2020 
Mr. McCLINTOCK. Madam Speaker, I rise 
to recognize Karl Rodefer for his devoted 
service as a Tuolumne County Supervisor. 
First, however, I want to acknowledge and 
thank Colonel Rodefer for his years of expert 
advice in nominating the very best young men 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
09:42 Dec 07, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A04DE8.005
E04DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 45-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E1090 
December 4, 2020 
and women in the 4th Congressional District 
to our service academies. Himself a graduate 
of the United States Air Force Academy, his 
personal understanding of the critical require-
ments of military leadership has resulted in 
over 100 nominees succeeding at the acad-
emies and then as officers in our armed 
forces. 
Supervisor Rodefer’s life is marked by pub-
lic service. From his 23 years of service with 
the United States Air Force to his eight years 
as County Supervisor, Karl has served the 
public with dedication and selflessness. 
In addition to his service on a multitude of 
committees 
and 
commissions, 
Supervisor 
Rodefer has worked tirelessly to protect 
Tuolumne County’s water resources, played 
an integral part in planning and future devel-
opment of the Columbia Airport, was instru-
mental in acquiring grant funds to build the 
J.H. Dambacher Detention Center, spear-
headed the County’s Fire Safety and Commu-
nity Resilience Initiative in 2019, and advo-
cated for services for Veterans. 
Karl Rodefer has been a sterling example of 
all that ought to be meant by the designation 
‘‘public servant.’’ I am proud today to con-
gratulate Karl on his numerous accomplish-
ments and to thank him for nearly a quarter 
century of commitment, dedication and service 
to the citizens of the United States and the 
residents of Tuolumne County. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DISABLED 
AMERICAN VETERANS CHAPTER 17 
HON. BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, December 4, 2020 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize hard work and dedication 
of the local Disabled American Veterans 
Chapter in my district. The national organiza-
tion was founded by veterans on September 
25, 1920 and was officially chartered in 1932. 
Our local chapter was established in 1971, 
primarily from veterans of World War II and 
Korea. Once facing dissolvement, the DAV 
Chapter 17 bounced back and is now stronger 
than ever. This would not have been possible 
without the leadership of George Lindsey Jr., 
Don Parzanese, Bob Staranowicz, Jack Thom-
as, Tom Herron, Bill Severns, Lou Rizzo, and 
Kimberly Carter-Guerian. The Chapter works 
to support our veterans and the larger commu-
nity through yearly events including job fairs, 
veteran ceremonies, and fundraisers. While 
Disabled American Veterans celebrates 100 
years of serving veterans of the Armed 
Forces, their families, and survivors, we are 
extremely thankful for their commitment to 
helping veterans in need. 
The DAV is dedicated to a single purpose: 
empowering veterans to lead high-quality lives 
with respect and dignity, their families, and 
survivors. Let us never forget the selfless sac-
rifice and dedication of all our disabled vet-
erans across the country. In order to ensure 
that their memory is not forgotten, I include in 
the RECORD the names of all the current mem-
bers of the DAV Chapter 17: 
James F. Gartland, Robert A. Godwin, Les-
lie H. Goldstein, Edward T. Grabert, John P. 
Greer, Morris S. Guggenheim, James M. 
Haitsch, Charles G. Hall, Brain J. Hamilton, 
Angela M. Hardy, Ronald J. Harkins, Thom-
as D. Herron, Daniel C. Haskett, Albert M. 
Hill, Timothy M. Holland, George K. Honer, 
Robert P. Hoopes, George W. Horne, George 
A. Ingram, Robert P. Joyce. 
Gilbert Kasirsky, David C. Kline, Michael 
Krajnikovich, Daniel J. Kwiatkowski, Rob-
ert G. Larrisey, Joel Laskey, William Lee, 
Albert 
Paiste, 
Phillip 
Paolella, 
Dennis 
Parker, 
Donald 
D. 
Parzanese, 
Noel 
G. 
Pelletier, Randy G. Phillips, Normand A. 
Picard, Francis X. Poole, Charles E. Quaste, 
William B. Redington, Edward D. Renner, 
Devon A. Richio, Lou Rizzo. 
Brain M. Roberts, Larry F. Rodrigo, Ed-
ward A. Rosen, Ronald R. Rottloff, Amanda 
L. Rudolph, Joseph S. Runewicz, Alexander 
Rupeiks, John Schaefer, Bruce A. Sheeler, 
Richard W. Scholl, Lawrence M. Schorr, Rob-
ert J. Schulberger, Richard G. Scott, Wil-
liam J. Severns, Michael J. Shamp, Sharon 
Lynn Shaw, Otis L. Weathersby, William J. 
Wheeler, George K. Wiley. 
Ian A. Woods, Todd E. Yanik, Douglas G. 
Yedinak, Ronald C. Zinzer, Fred Ewald, 
Gerry Albertson, Ronald Henry Alfors, An-
thony Antonio, John W. Bader, Michael W. 
Barnes, Russell H. Bendel, James Howard 
Bergeson, Chuck Daniel Biresch, John A. 
Boccadori, Lawerence P. Booth, Martin M. 
Bradley, Mark Otis Bristow, David Bryk, 
Francis X. Buschman, Steve Calderbank, 
Paul J. Carsello, Kimberly Ann Carter, Sean 
W. Carty. 
Demetrius R. Casillas, Fergus G. Castree, 
Thomas H. Chapin, Peter Chong, Theresa 
Colbert, 
Vincent 
A. 
Concordia, 
Mihael 
Wayne 
Corona, 
Stephen 
Cosminski, 
Francesco Cozza, John C. Craig, Richard E. 
Dalton, Herbert A. Dashiell, Thomas C. Day, 
Hugh F. Deithorn, James J. DelVecchio, 
Matthew P. Devlin, Anthony Diblasio, Gary 
Lyn Dimaio, John L. D’Onforio, Lawrence 
Duchnowski. 
Darryl J. Dukowski, Alan G. Eck, Marcos 
Perez Elizondo, Orlando G. Epifano, Robert 
Errickson, 
Vincent 
Evangelista, 
Nelson 
Lewis Fairman, Joseph A. Farrugio, Joseph 
L. Felter, John P. Fernandez, Roy G. 
Ferrari, Robert J. Foley, Charles H. Fratz, 
Raymond A. Freiling, Henry Fretz, Lawrence 
A. Fulmer, Arthur T. Short, Hampton G. 
Silcox, Alfred E. Smith, Thomas J. Smith. 
Robert I. Snovel, Edward L. Snyder, Stan-
ley W. Stanwick, Robert Staranowicz, Mar-
tin Stern, Michael Ray Stever, Roy Stoker, 
Godfrey R. Strecker, Francis Tacey, Rudolph 
V. Taurino, Cindy Riley Ternay, John W. 
Thomas, 
David 
A. 
Thompson, 
Irvin 
P. 
Thompson, Joseph Troxell, Joseph M. Tyson. 
Peter Paul Ulmen, Goline D. Vanderhoof, 
Atty T. VanHamel, Ronald F. Vellner, Don-
ald T. Walton, Donald E. Libby, George 
Henry Lindsey, Hugh C. Liverman, Thomas 
A. Locke, William B. Luckenbill, Joseph T. 
Mallamaci, 
Anthony 
Lee 
Maniscola, 
F. 
Marcano-Rodriquez, John M. Marino, An-
thony Thomas Mark, Gregory L. Marston. 
Bruce B. Martin, Richard Matyskiela, Jean 
W. McGinnis, James Douglas McEwan, Rich-
ard P. McEwen, Richard Joseph McMullin, 
John Patrick Mowry, Daniel Moyer, Michael 
John Mullen, Ralph G. Myers, Norman B. 
Newbon, John J. O’Donnell, Jeffery T. 
Olavarria, Bruce Gary Onraet, Albert Ortiz, 
Donald S. Page, Robert T. Painter. 
f 
BIG CAT PUBLIC SAFETY ACT 
SPEECH OF 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, December 3, 2020 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, as an 
original sponsor and a senior Member of the 
House of Representatives, I rise in strong sup-
port of this bipartisan bill, H.R. 1380, the ‘‘Big 
Cat Public Safety Act’’, which ends the owner-
ship of dangerous big cats as pets as well as 
prohibits exhibitors from allowing public con-
tact with cubs. 
First and foremost, I would like to thank 
Congressman MIKE QUIGLEY for his leadership 
on this legislation. 
Across the country, thousands of big cats 
like tigers, lions, leopards, and pumas are kept 
in miserable, insecure, and unsafe conditions 
by irresponsible owners. 
These animals often come from a vicious 
cycle of breeding perpetuated by unscrupulous 
facilities looking to make a profit off of ‘‘cub 
petting’’ or photo opportunities. 
It is an issue that causes immeasurable ani-
mal suffering and introduces inexcusable 
threats to human safety. 
Big cats are wild animals and undoubtedly 
suffer when kept as pets. 
They are often purchased as babies, and 
private owners are typically unable to manage 
them once they are fully grown. 
As a result, the animals are frequently left to 
languish in grossly inadequate conditions, 
often being deprived of sufficient space, ade-
quate veterinary care, a nutritious diet, and 
enrichment. 
Furthermore, it is common procedure for 
some roadside zoos to inhumanely separate 
babies from their mothers, so that they can 
charge the public to pet and play with the 
cubs. 
This is a cruel and unhealthy practice that 
can cause not only lifelong psychological prob-
lems but also premature death for the cubs. 
These young cats quickly outgrow their use-
fulness in the cub handling industry and most 
often end up being sent to substandard 
‘‘zoos,’’ sold into the exotic pet trade, or pos-
sibly even killed and sold for parts. 
This vicious cycle of exploitation and con-
stant breeding must be stopped. 
Currently, state laws regarding private own-
ership of big cats are inconsistent, and some 
states have few or no laws regarding the 
keeping of big cats. 
Madam Speaker, a uniform federal law is 
necessary to end this dangerous industry once 
and for all. 
The ‘‘Big Cat Public Safety Act’’ is a simple 
and straightforward solution to the devastating 
and growing crisis of negligent big cat breed-
ing and ownership. 
According to Big Cat Rescue, there have 
been more than 700 dangerous incidents in 
the U.S. involving big cats since 1990. 
These incidents include hundreds of human 
injuries, maulings, and deaths. 
In many of these cases, the animals were 
shot and killed, often by first responders who 
are not equipped to deal with these situations, 
thereby also putting them in harm’s way. 
Madam Speaker, throughout my tenure in 
Congress, I have been a staunch advocate for 
protecting endangered species, and this bill 
does that and much more. 
For the safety of our first responders, of our 
community, and for these majestic animals, 
we need this vital piece of legislation. 
I am honored to be a leader on this issue 
and on this bill, and so I urge my colleagues 
on both sides of the aisle to join me in voting 
for H.R. 1380, the ‘‘Big Cat Safety Act.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
09:42 Dec 07, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00004
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A04DE8.011
E04DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 46-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E1091 
December 4, 2020 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE LIFE 
AND LEGACY OF SCOTT DAVIDSON 
HON. EMANUEL CLEAVER 
OF MISSOURI 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, December 4, 2020 
Mr. CLEAVER. Madam Speaker, with feel-
ings of sorrow, reverence, and immense grati-
tude, I rise today to honor the memory of 
Scott Davidson, who passed away last week 
after his battle with the coronavirus. As a 
proud member of the Kansas City Fire Depart-
ment, Scott spent over a third of his life serv-
ing and protecting the people of Kansas City, 
Missouri. 
Scott started his career with the Kansas City 
Fire Department in 2002 as a communication 
specialist with the Municipal Ambulance Serv-
ices Trust, which provided emergency medical 
services to the Kansas City area. As a com-
munication specialist, Scott served as the 
calming voice on the other side of the phone 
tasked with reassuring distressed families that 
help was on the way. Scott’s calm demeanor 
and steady hand provided much needed hope 
in moments of darkness. Indeed, Scott helped 
ease worried minds, but more importantly, he 
played a vital role in saving countless lives 
throughout the city we call home. In 2010, 
Scott became a paramedic for the Depart-
ment, joining a team that served as the first 
response to desperate cries for help. Each in-
dividual who, in a moment of crisis, called on 
Scott for help will forever remember and ap-
preciate his heroic, lifesaving efforts as he 
sprang into action at a moment’s notice. For 
Scott, as with countless paramedics across 
the country, saving lives and offering hope 
was the inspiration that prompted him to raise 
his hand and volunteer to risk his life for his 
community. In the days leading up to his un-
timely death, he was still on the frontlines, dis-
patching first responders to help those stricken 
by the same deadly virus that would eventu-
ally claim his own life. 
More than anything, Scott was a man of 
faith who was a joy to all those who met him. 
Described by those who worked with him as 
having a personality and heart that was larger 
than life, Scott and his wife, Robin, treated the 
firefighters at Station 33 as if they were mem-
bers of their own family. Together they cele-
brated the birth of every child in their fire sta-
tion family, provided baked goods and treats 
to those working at the station during the holi-
days, and mourned with the families of other 
first responders who gave their lives in the line 
of duty. 
Jackson County, Missouri has seen 175 
neighbors, friends, and family members die 
from this virus. Scott, Captain Robert Rocha, 
and EMT Billy Birmingham are the first three 
of Kansas City’s finest first responders who 
have succumbed to Coronavirus while helping 
save others. Scott dedicated over a third of his 
life to serving Kansas City and its people. My 
fervent hope is that Scott’s death will serve as 
a reminder that we must stand together in the 
face of the adversity that plagues us. Wearing 
a protective mask, social distancing, and get-
ting tested not only protects you from getting 
sick; it also ensures that first responders like 
Scott can go home to their families at the end 
of the day without worrying whether they or 
their loved ones will get sick. In times of un-
foreseen tragedy, I am comforted by the 
teachings of Isaiah the prophet: When the 
righteous man perishes, he is taken away 
from calamity and enters into peace. A loving 
father, a dutiful public servant, and a beloved 
community 
member, 
Scott 
has 
rightfully 
earned the eternal peace that is awarded to 
the righteous man. 
The thoughts of the Kansas City community 
and the Fifth Congressional District are with 
Robin and their three children, Scott’s ex-
tended family, and the innumerable Kansas 
City Fire Department employees who were for-
tunate enough to work with him. Our commu-
nity is mourning the untimely death of a young 
father, but we are also celebrating a life dedi-
cated to serving and saving others. Madam 
Speaker, please join me in honoring Scott’s 
legacy and offering our deepest condolences 
to his family. I also ask that you, other mem-
bers of the House of Representatives, and the 
American people remember Scott and his fam-
ily’s sacrifice as we continue to combat the 
Coronavirus pandemic. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. GUY RESCHENTHALER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, December 4, 2020 
Mr. RESCHENTHALER. Madam Speaker, I 
was absent from the House on December 3, 
2020. Had I been present, I would have voted 
nay on Roll Call No. 230, nay on Roll Call No. 
231, and yea on Roll Call No. 232. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. VIRGINIA FOXX 
OF NORTH CAROLINA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, December 4, 2020 
Ms. FOXX of North Carolina. Madam 
Speaker, due to a test indicating a positive re-
sult for a COVID–19 infection during the most 
recent district work period, I was unable to 
travel to the Capitol to vote on December 3, 
2020. Had I been present, I would have voted 
NAY on Roll Call No. 230; NAY on Roll Call 
No. 231; and NAY on Roll Call No. 232. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, December 4, 2020 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Madam Speaker, I unfortu-
nately failed to register my vote on the motion 
to suspend the rules and pass, as amended, 
H.R. 1380, the Big Cat Public Safety Act. 
While casting a proxy vote for my colleague, 
I unintentionally overlooked casting my own 
vote purely by oversight. As a cosponsor of 
the bill and having just cast a proxy vote for 
the bill clearly I would have voted YEA on Roll 
Call No. 232. 
CONGRATULATING AARON W. 
SUTHERLAND 
HON. JOE CUNNINGHAM 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, December 4, 2020 
Mr. CUNNINGHAM. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the election of Aaron W. 
Sutherland to the Newport Board of Education 
in Newport, Kentucky. 
Aaron is a proud son of Carrollton, Kentucky 
where he set out at an early age to serve his 
community. Aaron was active in student gov-
ernment at every level of his academic career 
and he has always been devoted to helping 
others. In fact, I met Aaron while we were 
both serving on the Student Bar Association of 
the Salmon P. Chase College of Law. Aaron 
believed that service to his colleagues re-
quired action to advance their causes. His in-
quisitive and civic-minded attitude is infectious, 
and those who know him know that he has 
their best interest at heart. 
Aaron is a proud attorney, and devotes him-
self to helping his clients. In addition to prac-
ticing law, he is also a civil servant His time 
dedicated to both the United States Depart-
ment of Labor and the United States Social 
Security Administration demonstrates his pas-
sion for serving others. 
Aaron also believes in public education. 
This year, Aaron set out to serve the children 
and teachers of Newport, Kentucky. He was 
elected on a platform of putting the students 
first, and that is exactly what he will do as a 
member of that body. Aaron believes that ev-
eryone deserves a high-quality education and 
he will work to make sure that all students 
have the opportunity to succeed. 
The people of Newport are lucky to have 
Aaron serving on their Board of Education, 
and I am lucky to call him my friend. 
f 
RECOGNIZING SUPERVISOR JOHN 
GRAY 
HON. TOM McCLINTOCK 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, December 4, 2020 
Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Madam Speaker, I rise 
to recognize John Gray for his devoted service 
as a Tuolumne County Supervisor. 
Supervisor Gray was first elected to serve 
the 4th District of Tuolumne County in 2008 
and has represented the people of this county 
and his district with passion, commitment and 
integrity ever since. 
Supervisor Gray is well known for his many 
accomplishments and contributions to the 
community, including his leadership during an 
economic recession in 2008, acquiring grant 
funds to construct two Community Resilience 
Centers as well as two new Detention Facili-
ties, and his consistent participation in fuels 
reduction and fire protection work. John has 
also been an instrumental leader for a special 
tax in support of Tuolumne County Ambulance 
in Groveland and implementing requirements 
of the Health Care and Public Safety realign-
ments. 
In his 12 years of service, John Gray will be 
remembered by the partnerships he built, his 
commitment to be a good steward of taxpayer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
09:42 Dec 07, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00005
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A04DE8.015
E04DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 47-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E1092 
December 4, 2020 
dollars and his constant focus on improving 
the lives of every resident of Tuolumne Coun-
ty. 
Supervisor John Gray has truly been an 
asset to Tuolumne County in making it a more 
prosperous place for small businesses and a 
more desirable community for residents and 
visitors. It is my privilege to rise today in rec-
ognition of his distinguished public service. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MAJOR BRETT 
KUHRT 
HON. JACK BERGMAN 
OF MICHIGAN 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, December 4, 2020 
Mr. BERGMAN. Madam Speaker, it is my 
honor to recognize the tremendous work of 
Major Brett Kuhrt during his time as my of-
fice’s legislative fellow. Major Kuhrt’s leader-
ship, work ethic, and commitment to public 
service have made him an integral part of our 
team. 
In a year of unprecedented challenges, Brett 
has helped countless constituents in Michi-
gan’s First District with everything from navi-
gating federal agencies to answering in-depth 
policy questions. He has shown a keen ability 
to tackle complex issues ranging from national 
security and defense to veterans and labor 
policy, crafting legislative policy and providing 
technical support to staff. Brett has also dis-
played a true willingness to serve in multiple 
capacities, always lending a hand when need-
ed, no questions asked. He has set a high 
standard for future fellows and is an out-
standing example of the best of the U.S. Air 
Force. 
Madam Speaker, on behalf of myself and 
my staff, I thank Major Kuhrt for his excep-
tional work on behalf of Michigan’s First Con-
gressional District, and I wish him all the best 
in his future endeavors. 
f 
IN 
RECOGNITION 
OF 
THE 
LIFE 
AND MEMORY OF CAPTAIN ROB-
ERT ‘‘BOBBY’’ ROCHA 
HON. EMANUEL CLEAVER 
OF MISSOURI 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, December 4, 2020 
Mr. CLEAVER. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today with a heavy and tired heart to honor 
the life of fire Captain Robert Joseph ‘‘Bobby’’ 
Rocha. Captain Rocha was a beloved, giving, 
vibrant soul, who lost his life last week after 
battling a COVID–19 infection he caught in the 
line of duty. Captain Rocha gave twenty-nine 
years of honorable service to the Kansas City 
Fire Department, and while his life was cut 
short, we must ensure that his memory is 
never forgotten. 
Captain Rocha began at the fire department 
back in 1991, the same year I was sworn in 
as Mayor of Kansas City. Since then, I have 
watched from afar as he rose to the rank of 
Captain while earning the respect and admira-
tion of his fellow firefighters and the city he 
protected. When the coronavirus hit, Captain 
Rocha knew the fire department was in for a 
long haul. During this past year, firefighters 
around the country have been assisting EMTs 
more and more with pandemic-related emer-
gency calls In Kansas City, more than 200 
members of the fire department have tested 
positive and seventy-three are currently in-
fected. Captain Rocha likely came into contact 
with ten to fifteen COVID–19 each and every 
day while in uniform. 
And then, the worst happened. In early No-
vember, Captain Rocha went into quarantine 
and was eventually hospitalized. He fought the 
disease valiantly, with the same vigor and 
verve with which he fought fires and saved 
lives for nearly three decades. But as Captain 
Rocha no doubt taught the young firefighters 
he trained, not all battles can be won; and on 
November 21th, Captain Rocha made his way 
toward eternal peace. He was sixty years old. 
Captain Rocha will be remembered in the 
community as a courageous public servant 
and a generous leader. We will never forget 
his selflessness, his humility, or the twenty- 
nine years he dedicated to our safety and 
peace of mind. His team will remember him as 
a mentor who trained and prepared them for 
the risks that they faced every day on the job. 
His family and friends remember him as loving 
man with a good sense of humor and an in-
credible ability to inspire those around him. 
They remember Captain Rocha as man who 
would do anything for anybody. They say peo-
ple looked up to him ‘‘like he was Hercules.’’ 
And throughout his life, Captain Rocha always 
proved to be a decent, dependable man—a 
man who loved to ride his motorcycle, sing 
karaoke, and spend time with friends at the 
Outpost Bar and Grill. 
‘‘For even the Son of Man did not come to 
be served, but to serve, and to give his life as 
a ransom for many,’’ scripture tells us This 
has been a year of loss, a year of painful 
goodbyes, and a year of empty seats at the 
dinner table. But it also a year of heroes. The 
doctors, nurses, medical students, nursing stu-
dents, EMTs, firefighters, and ordinary Ameri-
cans who have placed their health in the 
hands of God to save others. Heroes who 
have come to serve the wellbeing of complete 
strangers. And, all too often, heroes who have 
given their lives as ransom for untold millions. 
Heroes like Captain Rocha. 
Today, my prayers are with Captain’s 
Rocha’s family, his friends, and all his brothers 
and sisters at Station 18. Let it be preserved 
in this timeless Record that his loss leaves us 
with a grief that cannot be weighed and debt 
that cannot be paid. His legacy lives on in the 
countless lives he touched and saved. So, 
Madam Speaker, let us honor Captain Rocha. 
Let us remember the light he brought with him 
everywhere he went. And, whatever we do in 
Congress today, tomorrow, next week, next 
year let the story of Captain Rocha sit at my 
chair in this Chamber. Let the stories of his 
fallen brothers, Billy Birmingham and Scott 
Davidson, walk with me through these halls. 
Let those stories remind us all that we have a 
part to play. Let them remind us of our duty 
to serve. 
In the coming days, flags across my state 
will fly at half-staff to honor Captain Rocha, 
dutiful Americans will wear masks and adhere 
to social distancing, and first responders will 
wake up again and again to walk into a weary 
nightmare that we have the power to make 
less dark. Captain Rocha gave his life to save 
others. We can never repay that debt. But it 
is our duty to try. 
MARTHA 
GRACE 
FIELDS, 
CON-
GRESSIONAL 
AWARD 
SILVER 
MEDALIST 
HON. MICHAEL T. McCAUL 
OF TEXAS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, December 4, 2020 
Mr. MCCAUL. Madam Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the outstanding work of Martha 
Grace Fields. Martha is an exceptional young 
woman who was recently announced as a Sil-
ver Medalist for the Congressional Award, one 
of the highest honors presented to America’s 
youth. The Congressional Award Foundation 
was created to recognize initiative, service, 
and achievement in young people. Martha has 
demonstrated the core components of this 
award through her servant heart and un-
matched work ethic. She gave back to her 
local community by completing over two-hun-
dred hours of public service. Beyond her serv-
ice to others, she put in hundreds of hours of 
personal development by competing on her 
high school swim team and enrolling in numer-
ous leadership courses and seminars. Addi-
tionally, Martha was one of the first females to 
receive the highest honor in Boy Scouts, the 
rank of Eagle Scout. Simultaneously, she re-
ceived the highest rank in the Sea Scouts, 
Quartermaster. Martha’s continued hard work 
has not gone unnoticed, and I am proud to 
sec her receive the recognition she deserves. 
I would like to congratulate Martha for her im-
pressive achievements at such a young age 
and I look forward to seeing her continued 
success and leadership. 
f 
HONORING PRESIDENT JERRY 
RAWLINGS OF GHANA 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, December 4, 2020 
Ms. LEE of California. Madam Speaker, 
today we honor the extraordinary life and ca-
reer of Jerry Rawlings, the former President of 
Ghana. 
He was born on June 22, 1947 in Accra, 
Ghana to his loving mother Victoria Agbotuni. 
He received his education from the Achimota 
Secondary School, graduating in 1966 with his 
general education certification. While in school 
he became well known for his love of Polo 
and his willingness to speak out about injus-
tice. 
In 1967 he enlisted in the Ghanaian Air 
Force and became a flight cadet. Shortly after-
ward, he was selected to attend the Ghana 
Military Academy and Training School. Upon 
completing his training in 1969 he was award-
ed the ‘‘Speed Bird Trophy’’ acknowledging 
his top ranking status in flying and airmanship. 
Nine years later he earned the rank Flight- 
Lieutenant. 
During his career in the military, he began 
to observe how corruption, privilege, and injus-
tice impact soldiers and the people they are 
sworn to protect. 
His concerns about Ghana’s future led him 
to become an outspoken critic of the corrup-
tion and mismanagement he saw from the 
country’s military leaders and called for more 
attention to the plight of Ghana’s poor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
09:42 Dec 07, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00006
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A04DE8.020
E04DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 48-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E1093 
December 4, 2020 
Eventually, he led an effort to remove the 
existing military government and convened 
elections. When the subsequent government 
encountered challenges managing the econ-
omy, he intervened again, and ruled directly 
for the next eleven years. During his time as 
unelected leader, President Rawlings sought 
to introduce reforms that would place Ghana 
on a firm economic foundation and create 
shared prosperity. 
In 1992, President Rawlings convened elec-
tions and presided over a gradual return to de-
mocracy and openness in Ghana. After two 
terms as elected leader, President Rawlings 
retired in 2001 and presided over the peaceful 
transfer of power to the opposition leader John 
Kufuor. 
Following his presidency, he continued to be 
active in world affairs, particularly as the Afri-
can Union special envoy to Somalia. 
President Rawlings’ commitment to justice 
and opportunity extended beyond Ghana and 
the African continent to African Americans and 
the African diaspora In particular, President 
Rawlings worked actively, both in office and in 
retirement, to build bridges between Ghana 
and African Americans. In 2019, Members of 
the Congressional Black Caucus traveled to 
Ghana to commemorate the 400th anniversary 
of the beginning of the brutal institution of 
slavery in America. On that occasion, Mem-
bers of the Congressional Black Caucus met 
with President Rawlings and his family, and he 
pledged to continue his effort to deepen bonds 
between Ghana and the African American 
community. 
We offer sincerest condolences to his wife, 
his children, and the Ghanaian people. The 
United States Congress stands in solidarity 
with the people of Ghana as they commemo-
rate President Rawlings’ legacy, and continue 
their work to strengthen democratic institutions 
and inclusive prosperity in their country. 
f 
COMMEMORATING MS. KATHERINA 
DIMENSTEIN’S DEPARTURE 
HON. DAVID SCHWEIKERT 
OF ARIZONA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, December 4, 2020 
Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to commemorate my Chief of Staff, Ms. 
Katherina Dimenstein as she departs from my 
office. Katherina has devoted the past eight 
years of her life and career to the people of 
Arizona. 
Iwant to thank Katherina for her dedication 
and service to Arizona’s 6th District. She did 
an outstanding job for our office, especially 
her excellent work to promote strong trade re-
lationships for Arizona and help modernize our 
tax code through the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. 
She is committed to being both a voice and a 
resource for the people. 
Congress is an institution devoted to serving 
the people, and Katherina has exemplified this 
every day by not only meeting with Arizonans, 
veterans, and advocacy groups, but by man-
aging all my Washington, D.C. office oper-
ations and legislative priorities on the Ways 
and Means Committee. We look to Katherina 
as an incredibly valued member of our team, 
and we will greatly miss her. 
FAREWELL REMARKS EXPRESSING 
GRATITUDE FOR THE HONOR OF 
REPRESENTING 
MISSOURI’S 
FIRST 
CONGRESSIONAL 
DIS-
TRICT 
HON. WM. LACY CLAY 
OF MISSOURI 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, December 4, 2020 
Mr. CLAY. Madam Speaker, I rise today to 
offer my farewell remarks as a Member of the 
U.S. House. 
And while I will be sad to leave this historic 
place, I will forever be grateful for the oppor-
tunity to serve Missouri’s 1st Congressional 
District for two decades, and to have been 
blessed with the friendship of so many col-
leagues. 
I have given my best because my constitu-
ents deserved nothing less. I learned that vital 
lesson about public service from my best advi-
sor and my personal hero . . . my dad, former 
Congressman Bill Clay. 
And the truth is none of my success would 
have been possible without my remarkable 
family. 
I want to thank the rock of our family, my 
mother Carol; and my devoted and talented 
sisters, Vickie and Michelle. 
I also want to thank my children, Carol and 
Will. No Member serves unto themselves. 
Families also sacrifice greatly. Carol and Will 
have made me extremely proud. They carry 
themselves with such dignity, poise, and char-
acter. There is no greater joy I have than 
being their Father. I thank them for being my 
greatest and best legacy. 
To my wonderful wife Pat: I could not have 
selected a better partner to share in my post- 
Congressional career. Her love and optimism 
keep my life balanced and exhilarated. I so 
look forward to our days to come. 
Of course, the best part of being a Member 
of Congress has been helping tens of thou-
sands of constituents solve issues with the 
federal government. 
None of that could have been possible with-
out my dedicated and compassionate staff 
over 
the 
years—Patricia 
Green, 
Sheila 
Mileszko, Virginia Cook, Debra Miller, Michelle 
Bogdanovich, Sandra Houston, Ishmael-Lateef 
Ahmad, Jasmina Hadzic, Sean Weller, Craig 
Rasmussen, Percy Green, Adam Bordes, 
Marvin Steele, Richard Pecantte, Frank ‘‘Les’’ 
Davis, Mark Odom, Lou Aboussie, Noelle 
Lindsey, Brian Williams, Michelle Mitchell, Brit-
tany Packnett, Josh Peters, Pauline Jamry, 
Perre Smalls, Samantha Williams, Sherry 
Faulkner, Tony Grandison, Bill Sibert, Frank 
Taylor, Erica Powell, Matt Alexis, Rico Doss, 
and my Communications Director Steven 
Engelhardt, and the late Allison Singfield and 
the late Dottie Ross. 
I would like to extend a special thanks to 
educator Gwendolyn Reed, who also served 
as a staffer for both me and my father, Con-
gressman Bill Clay, Sr. 
I also want to thank an exceptional Amer-
ican who has devoted 48 years of public serv-
ice to the U.S. House, my remarkable Con-
stituent Services Director, Edwilla Massey. 
I want to thank my devoted Executive As-
sistant and Scheduler, Karyn Long. Karyn is 
family. She always went above and beyond for 
me and I am forever grateful. 
I also want to especially thank all my Chiefs 
of Staff: Harriet Grigsby, Darryl Piggee and 
Yvette Cravins. 
In the book of Matthew chapter 25, verses 
36–40, the scriptures read, ‘‘When I was 
naked you clothed me. I was sick you visited 
me, when I was in prison you came to me. 
The righteous answered, Lord, when did we 
see you hungry, thirsty, clothed you, or in pris-
on visited?’’ And the King answered them, 
‘‘Truly, I say to you, as you did it to the least 
of these my brothers, you did it to me.’’ 
These scriptures have been a guidepost for 
my career in public service. Over my ten 
terms, I have fearlessly advocated for the per-
manent interests of African Americans and 
other unheard voices. 
I have had many legislative achievements in 
this body and I thank all of colleagues who as-
sisted me in doing as the scriptures noted 
‘‘caring for the least of these’’. In my remain-
ing time, I would like to highlight a few vic-
tories. 
For 14 years, I hosted the Career Fair at St. 
Louis’ HBCU, Harris-Stowe State University, 
which connected thousands of job seekers 
with good paying jobs providing economic sta-
bility. 
Creating jobs and economic development 
was a priority for me. We were able to build 
the new $120 million National Archives Admin-
istration Center in North St. Louis County. 
The greatest economic victory for North St. 
Louis was the bipartisan effort to build the 
headquarters of the National Geospatial Intel-
ligence Agency. That $1.7 billion project is the 
largest single federal investment in St. Louis 
history, of which I am extremely proud. 
As Chair of the Financial Services Housing 
Subcommittee, I secured the renovation of 
over 200 units of housing at the old Homer G. 
Phillips hospital in North St. Louis and an ad-
ditional 200 plus units in Wellston with the 
help of St. Louis County. 
People in my district, particularly the elderly, 
deserve to live with dignity and security. 
As Chair of the Oversight Census Sub-
committee, I worked to ensure Census 2010 
was successful and addressed the digital di-
vide in vulnerable communities. 
My focus on healthcare led to The Everson 
Walls and Ron Springs Gift of Life legislation, 
increasing grants to states and expanded 
organ and tissue registry for minorities. 
I have been a champion for environmental 
justice, cleaning up waste sites often lingering 
in minority neighborhoods. 
My environmental record includes $5 million 
to clean up the former St. Louis Army Ammu-
nition plant: $30 million to clean up the former 
Carter Carburetor plant; and $266 million to 
clean up West Lake Landfill which holds waste 
from the Manhattan Project. 
Lastly, one of my signature achievements 
was the African-American Civil Rights Network 
Act. The National Park’s program educates 
generations on the struggles of African Ameri-
cans who demanded full civil rights in spite of 
violence and hate. 
I am proud of my legacy and work for Mis-
souri’s first Congressional District. 
May God bless you all, and may God con-
tinue to bless the United States of America. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
09:42 Dec 07, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00007
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A04DE8.024
E04DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 49-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E1094 
December 4, 2020 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SUSAN W. BROOKS 
OF INDIANA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, December 4, 2020 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Madam Speaker, 
I was not present for the following roll call 
votes. Had I been present for them, I would 
have voted as follows: Roll Call No. 230: H. 
Res. 1244 Providing for consideration of the 
bill (H.R. 3884) Marijuana Opportunity Rein-
vestment and Expungement Act—ORDERING 
THE PREVIOUS QUESTION ON H. RES 
1244—NAY, and Roll Call No. 232: H.R. 1380 
Big Cat Public Safety Act—ON MOTION TO 
SUSPEND THE RULES AND PASS—NAY. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE 
OF TOM CASPERSON 
HON. JACK BERGMAN 
OF MICHIGAN 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, December 4, 2020 
Mr. BERGMAN. Madam Speaker, it is my 
honor to recognize the life of Tom Casperson, 
who passed away recently after a lifetime of 
service to his fellow Michiganders. Through 
his extreme dedication to public service, Tom 
became an indispensable part of the Upper 
Peninsula and the entire state of Michigan. 
Tom was born on January 20, 1959. A na-
tive Yooper, Tom was born in Escanaba and 
graduated from Escanaba High School in 
1977. Prior to being elected to the state legis-
lature, Tom worked for 27 years in his family’s 
log trucking business, including 12 years as its 
owner and operator. However, a 1998 logging 
truck accident sparked a drive in Tom for larg-
er public service. He would go on to be elect-
ed to the Michigan House of Representatives 
in 2002. In his six years in the Michigan 
House and eight years in the Senate, Tom 
was a strong and universally respected voice 
for the U.P.—confronting challenging issues 
head-on and working across the aisle for the 
benefit of his constituents. He authored many 
pieces of legislation that became law, and his 
unwavering commitment to his ideals and the 
people of Michigan were unquestionable. 
Tom passed away on November 29, 2020. 
He is missed dearly by his family and friends, 
and his legacy will undoubtedly live on for 
generations to come. Tom’s tireless devotion 
to the public good touched the lives of count-
less Michiganders, and the impact of his work 
cannot be overstated. 
Madam Speaker, on behalf of Michigan’s 
First Congressional District, I ask you to join 
me in honoring the life of Tom Casperson His 
legacy will forever live on in his family and 
through the many lives he bettered through his 
service. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOHN A. YARMUTH 
OF KENTUCKY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, December 4, 2020 
Mr. YARMUTH. Madam Speaker, I unfortu-
nately was unable to be present for a vote 
taken on the House floor on December 3, 
2020. Had I been present, I would have voted 
in the following manner: Roll Call Vote No. 
232: YEA. 
f 
RECOGNIZING SUPERVISOR 
SHERRI BRENNAN 
HON. TOM McCLINTOCK 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, December 4, 2020 
Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Madam Speaker, I rise 
to recognize Sherri Brennan for her devoted 
service as a Tuolumne County Supervisor. 
Supervisor Brennan was first elected to 
serve the 1st District of Tuolumne County in 
2010 where she served a total of two terms as 
County Supervisor. 
From her long family history of agriculture to 
her passion for serving children and seniors, 
Sherri’s eight years as a Supervisor have 
been marked by her dedication to all the peo-
ple of Tuolumne County. 
In addition to her participation on various 
committees 
and 
commissions, 
Supervisor 
Brennan received the Excellence in Govern-
ment Award from the Tuolumne County 
Chamber of Commerce in 2019 She also was 
named Woman of the Year in the 5th District 
in 2015 by Assembly Member Bigelow for her 
outstanding service and dedication to the peo-
ple of California. In 2018, she was honored by 
the Center for a Non-Violent Community for 
International Women’s Day. 
Supervisor Brennan has worked tirelessly 
on behalf of her district and the entirety of 
Tuolumne County. She has advocated locally 
and nationally for full funding of Payment in 
Lieu of Taxes, the Secure Rural Schools Pro-
gram, 
Public 
Lands 
and 
Forest 
Health 
projects, including Rim Fire Recovery and the 
County’s Master Stewardship Agreement with 
the Forest Service. Sherri’s advocacy for and 
commitment to Tuolumne County has been an 
asset to every resident. 
In her years as a Supervisor, Sherri Bren-
nan has been a leader and a visionary. She 
has served the residents of her district, and 
the entire County, with steadfast commitment 
and perseverance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
09:42 Dec 07, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00008
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A04DE8.027
E04DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 50-
D1046 
Friday, December 4, 2020 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate was not in session and stands adjourned 
until 3 p.m., on Monday, December 7, 2020. 
Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 13 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 8870–8882; and 1 resolution, H. Res. 
1250, were introduced.                                   Pages H6857–68 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H6858–59 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. 
Suspension—Proceedings Resumed: The House 
agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following 
measure. Consideration began Thursday, December 
3rd. 
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-
tion Commissioned Officer Corps Amendments Act: 
S. 2981, to reauthorize and amend the National 
Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Commis-
sioned Officer Corps Act of 2002, by a 2⁄3 yea-and- 
nay vote of 265 yeas to 124 nays, Roll No. 233. 
                                                                                    Pages H6840–41 
Marijuana 
Opportunity 
Reinvestment 
and 
Expungement Act: The House passed H.R. 3884, to 
decriminalize and deschedule cannabis, to provide for 
reinvestment in certain persons adversely impacted 
by the War on Drugs, to provide for expungement 
of certain cannabis offenses, by a yea-and-nay vote of 
228 yeas to 164 nays, Roll No. 235.     Pages H6821–40, 
H6841–42 
Rejected the Lesko motion to recommit the bill 
to the Committee on the Judiciary with instructions 
to report the same back to the House forthwith with 
an amendment, by a yea-and-nay vote of 174 yeas to 
218 nays with one answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 
234.                                                     Pages H6839–40, H6841–42 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules 
Committee Print 116–67, modified by the amend-
ment printed in the report of the Committee on 
Rules accompanying this resolution, shall be consid-
ered as adopted, in lieu of the amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee 
on the Judiciary now printed in the bill.      Page H6821 
H. Res. 1244, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bill (H.R. 3884) was agreed to yesterday, De-
cember 3rd. 
Member Resignation: Read a letter from Rep-
resentative Cook, wherein he resigned as Representa-
tive for the Eighth Congressional District of Cali-
fornia, effective on December 7, 2020.           Page H6848 
Quorum Calls Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes de-
veloped during the proceedings of today and appear 
on pages H6840–41, H6841–42, and H6842. 
Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-
journed at 3:30 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
11:21 Dec 07, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D04DE0.REC
D04DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 51-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
D1047 
December 4, 2020 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, 
DECEMBER 7, 2020 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. 
House 
No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
11:21 Dec 07, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D04DE0.REC
D04DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 52-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional Record
The Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each House
of Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, United
States Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶ Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶ To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO
63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶ Following
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶ With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record.
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.
U
N
U
M
E
P
LU
RI
B
U
S
D1048 
December 4, 2020 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
3 p.m., Monday, December 7 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration 
of the nomination of Stephen Sidney Schwartz, of Vir-
ginia, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Federal 
Claims, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture thereon 
on at 5:30 p.m. 
Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
12 noon, Monday, December 7 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Bergman, Jack, Mich., E1092, E1094 
Brooks, Susan W., Ind., E1094 
Clark, Katherine M., Mass., E1089 
Clay, Wm. Lacy, Mo., E1093 
Cleaver, Emanuel, Mo., E1091, E1092 
Connolly, Gerald E., Va., E1091 
Cunningham, Joe, S.C., E1091 
DeFazio, Peter A., Ore., E1089 
Estes, Ron, Kans., E1088 
Fitzpatrick, Brian K., Pa., E1090 
Foxx, Virginia, N.C., E1091 
Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E1090 
Joyce, John, Pa., E1088 
Lee, Barbara, Calif., E1089, E1092 
McCaul, Michael T., Tex., E1092 
McClintock, Tom, Calif., E1089, E1091, E1094 
Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, 
E1088 
Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E1089 
Perry, Scott, Pa., E1089 
Reschenthaler, Guy, Pa., E1091 
Rush, Bobby L., Ill., E1087 
Schweikert, David, Ariz., E1093 
Slotkin, Elissa, Mich., E1088 
Yarmuth, John A., Ky., E1094 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
11:21 Dec 07, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 0664
Sfmt 0664
E:\CR\FM\D04DE0.REC
D04DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 53-
