Congressional Record
U
N
U
M
E
P
LU
RI
B
U
S
United States
of America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 116th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
b This symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b 1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.
H1255 
Vol. 166 
WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 2020 
No. 40 
Senate 
The Senate was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Monday, March 2, 2020, at 3 p.m. 
House of Representatives 
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 2020 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-
pore (Mrs. MCBATH). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-
nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON, DC, 
February 28, 2020. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable LUCY 
MCBATH to act as Speaker pro tempore on 
this day. 
NANCY PELOSI, 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
God of healing and mercy, we give 
You thanks for giving us another day. 
We pray that You bless this country 
we love with all our hearts. We thank 
You for those who founded this Repub-
lic upon faith, respect for law, and con-
stitutional rights of individuals and 
the common good of the Nation. 
Fan the flames of freedom in hearts 
of all Americans, and especially those 
who 
serve 
in 
the 
Armed 
Forces. 
Strengthen the resolve of all Members 
of this people’s House, that they be at-
tentive to Your commands, follow their 
consciences, and always do what is 
right as they wrestle with the complex 
issues of the day. 
May all that is done this day be for 
Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has examined the Journal of the 
last day’s proceedings and announces 
to the House her approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
Ms. DEAN. Madam Speaker, pursu-
ant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote 
on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval 
of the Journal. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the Speaker’s approval 
of the Journal. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that 
the ayes appeared to have it. 
Ms. DEAN. Madam Speaker, I object 
to the vote on the ground that a 
quorum is not present and make the 
point of order that a quorum is not 
present. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8, rule XX, further pro-
ceedings on this question will be post-
poned. 
The point of no quorum is considered 
withdrawn. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. BEATTY) 
come forward and lead the House in the 
Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mrs. BEATTY led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-
lic for which it stands, one nation under God, 
indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will entertain up to five requests 
for 1-minute speeches on each side of 
the aisle. 
f 
OBSERVING BLACK HISTORY 
MONTH 
(Mrs. BEATTY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute.) 
Mrs. BEATTY. Madam Speaker, I 
rise today to observe Black History 
Month, remembering a few legends 
whom we lost this past year—for them, 
we unite and celebrate our shared his-
tory—to build a more perfect Union for 
all Americans. Standing on the shoul-
ders of: 
Ohio’s Toni Morrison, poet laureate, 
who voiced the struggle for justice and 
equality for all Americans; 
Congressman 
Elijah 
Cummings, 
sharecroppers’ 
son, 
friend, 
mentor, 
civil rights giant, and first African 
American male to have a committee 
room named after him; 
Katherine Johnson, the famed NASA 
‘‘Hidden 
Figure,’’ 
who 
was 
behind 
Ohio’s John Glenn’s orbit of the Earth 
and putting a man on the Moon. 
Standing on their shoulders, I em-
power the next generation of leaders, 
like this third grader, Paris, who 
dressed up as me for her Black History 
project. 
Madam Speaker, we thank Paris. We 
fight every day for her future. Paris is 
brave and talented. She is our future. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:19 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.000
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 0-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1256 
February 28, 2020 
She embodies why Black History is 
American history. 
Thank you, giants; thank you, Amer-
ica; and God bless America for Black 
History Month—American history. 
f 
RECOGNIZING 
THE 
WINNERS 
OF 
THE 
HELEN 
RUFFIN 
READING 
BOWL COMPETITION 
(Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and 
was given permission to address the 
House for 1 minute and to revise and 
extend his remarks.) 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Madam 
Speaker, I rise today to honor schools 
from Georgia’s First Congressional Dis-
trict—Lyman Hall Elementary, Mid-
way Middle School, and Savannah Arts 
Academy—for winning the regional 
Helen Ruffin Reading Bowl competi-
tion in Valdosta. 
With their hard-fought victory, they 
now move on to compete in divisional 
competition in Statesboro on March 7. 
The competition started more than 30 
years ago when Helen Ruffin, a librar-
ian from Georgia, wanted to find a way 
to make reading more exciting for stu-
dents at her school. 
The Reading Bowl gained traction, 
and now it is a statewide tournament. 
In the competition, participants from 
each school answer questions prepared 
by the committee for points. Teams of 
students that answer the most ques-
tions correctly about certain award- 
winning children’s books win the com-
petition. 
These three schools from the First 
Congressional District of Georgia beat 
over 40 teams to make it to the next 
level. I am proud we have this degree of 
passion for reading in Georgia, and I 
am thankful these schools are working 
hard to teach their students the value 
of reading. 
Madam Speaker, I congratulate them 
on their accomplishments this year, 
and best of luck to them in Statesboro 
at divisional competition. 
f 
ACKNOWLEDGING LOCAL NAACP 
LEADERS 
(Ms. DEAN asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend her re-
marks.) 
Ms. DEAN. Madam Speaker, as Black 
History Month comes to an end, I 
would like to acknowledge some of my 
local NAACP leaders: 
Ms. Val Ward of Willow Grove; Mr. 
Craig Brown of Cheltenham; Shaykh 
Anwar Muhammad of Ambler; Mr. 
John 
Milligan 
of 
Norristown; 
Ms. 
Diana Robertson of the Main Line; Mr. 
Johnny Corson of Pottstown, whose an-
cestral farm in Plymouth Meeting was 
a key stop on the Underground Rail-
way. 
Madam Speaker, I want to thank 
these and other local leaders for their 
tireless efforts toward racial equality. 
Today, I am pleased to stand here to 
tell you about a roundtable that we 
held on Monday with Black business 
owners. As one constituent expressed 
to me, they need allies; and so I stand 
here today as an ally for the Mont-
gomery County and Berks County com-
munities in pursuit of a world free 
from divides of race, ethnicity, gender, 
and nationality. 
Yes, Black History Month is ending 
tomorrow. May we never stop cele-
brating Black History Month. It is our 
American history, and it is the path-
way to equality for all. 
f 
CONGRATULATING TERESA HALEY 
(Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois 
asked and was given permission to ad-
dress the House for 1 minute and to re-
vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today to con-
gratulate Teresa Haley, who was hon-
ored as the Activist of the Year at the 
NAACP Image Awards last week. 
Teresa is the president of her local 
NAACP branch in Springfield, Illinois, 
as well as the first female president of 
the NAACP Illinois State Conference. 
She has worked tirelessly to advocate 
for the Black community in Spring-
field and issues critical to NAACP 
members nationwide. 
I have had the pleasure of working 
closely with Teresa in an effort to 
bring national recognition to the 1908 
race riot site in Springfield by declar-
ing the site a national monument. Ulti-
mately, the riots that occurred at that 
site played an integral role in the for-
mation of the NAACP in 1909, just a 
year after the race riots in Springfield. 
I am proud to recognize Teresa’s fear-
less leadership, and I look forward to 
continuing to work with her to bring 
this national recognition to Spring-
field, Illinois. 
Madam Speaker, I congratulate Te-
resa on this prestigious honor. I am 
very proud of her. 
f 
STRENGTHENING PUBLIC SCHOOLS 
(Ms. BONAMICI asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute.) 
Ms. 
BONAMICI. 
Madam 
Speaker, 
Benjamin Franklin said: ‘‘An invest-
ment in knowledge pays the best inter-
est.’’ I agree. 
I am proud to lead the Public Schools 
Week resolution with my colleagues, 
Representatives POCAN, GRAVES, and 
THOMPSON. This resolution recognizes 
the importance of and contributions of 
our public schools to the country and 
to our Nation’s young people. 
I came to Congress to strengthen 
public education and to make sure that 
all students, regardless of their race, 
color, national origin, ZIP Code, or 
family wealth, have an equal oppor-
tunity to obtain a high-quality, well- 
rounded public education. 
At the State of the Union, I was dis-
appointed to hear the President dis-
miss public schools as failing govern-
ment schools. Public schools are not 
disconnected from the communities 
around them. They are our schools, our 
children, our students in our commu-
nities; and it is our collective responsi-
bility to do all we can to strengthen, 
not weaken, our system of public edu-
cation. 
I will continue to fight for public 
schools every day, and I am proud to 
honor them this week. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE AND 
SERVICE OF ARLEIGH BIRK 
(Mr. STAUBER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. STAUBER. Madam Speaker, this 
week we said good-bye to a brave mem-
ber of the Greatest Generation. Arleigh 
Birk, Minnesota’s last known survivor 
of the horrific attack on Pearl Harbor, 
passed away just 2 days before his 100th 
birthday. 
Arleigh Birk was born and raised on 
a farm in North Dakota and joined the 
Navy when he was 19 years old. He was 
a 21-year-old Navy gun director sta-
tioned aboard the USS Honolulu when 
Pearl Harbor was attacked on Sunday, 
December 7, 1941. 
As enemy forces dropped bombs, 
Arleigh courageously returned fire. His 
ship suffered damage during the at-
tack, and Arleigh was transferred to 
the USS Denver, where he fought nu-
merous battles throughout the Pacific 
theater. 
After that war, he was honorably dis-
charged and married the love of his 
life, Marion. Together, they had five 
children. 
On Minnesota’s Iron Range, Arleigh 
became a local legend, known for his 
kindness and record of service. 
Over the years, he kept in touch with 
many of his fellow veterans through 
the Pearl Harbor Survivors Association 
and often attended local events to 
honor the Americans lost on that infa-
mous day. 
Madam Speaker, Arleigh lived an in-
spiring life, and I am proud to honor 
him here today. While he may be gone, 
Arleigh’s legacy of service, sacrifice, 
and courage will live on in our hearts 
and our minds forever. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE SHIPES FAMILY 
OF BAKERSFIELD, CALIFORNIA 
(Mr. COX of California asked and was 
given permission to address the House 
for 1 minute.) 
Mr. 
COX 
of 
California. 
Madam 
Speaker, I rise in honor of Black His-
tory Month to recognize the Shipes 
family of Bakersfield, California, who 
have served as a pillar of the African 
American community for over 70 years. 
In southeast Bakersfield, the Shipes’ 
family business, Mr. Discount Plus 
store, has stood the test of time. First 
opened in the 1940s, the store is one of 
the last original Black-owned busi-
nesses in the Cottonwood neighborhood 
of Bakersfield, and it remains a beacon 
of Black entrepreneurship. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:19 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K28FE7.002
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 1-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1257 
February 28, 2020 
Mr. Discount Plus store has become a 
gathering space for African American 
communities as local leaders drive for-
ward plans to revitalize and transform 
the Cottonwood neighborhood for fu-
ture generations to enjoy. 
I am proud to recognize the Shipes 
family and their business for serving 
their community for over 70 years, and 
we look forward to another 70 years. 
Madam Speaker, I urge my col-
leagues to join me in recognizing Black 
History Month and honoring the Shipes 
family for their service and dedication 
to southeast Bakersfield, their commu-
nity, the Central Valley, and our great 
Nation. 
Madam Speaker, I thank Mr. and 
Mrs. Shipes. 
f 
CORONAVIRUS IS A CAUSE OF 
GREAT CONCERN 
(Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. 
LAMALFA. 
Madam 
Speaker, 
coronavirus obviously is a cause of 
great concern for our citizens’ well- 
being and impact on our health system 
in its ability to deliver service in this 
country. 
What is disappointing in the last few 
days, it is once again being turned into 
a political football by those who oppose 
everything that this President does, 
even this morning before a briefing we 
had to educate us Members. 
Can we please just stop on the bash-
ing and focus on what Americans ex-
pect—solutions? 
There is much we don’t know. It is a 
moving target. China hasn’t been very 
forthcoming with information. 
So, in order to provide an abundance 
of caution, we need to have a deliberate 
process, and that is what our health of-
ficials are trying to provide. 
We don’t want an over-panic, but we 
don’t want an under-response either. 
We need to assure our citizens that 
proper steps are being taken—and I be-
lieve they are—in containing it in this 
country. 
Working together for solutions and 
leaving the politics to the Presidential 
debates and the talk shows and all that 
is what we need to be doing. It will 
help us best serve the needs and pro-
vide assurances as we learn and under-
stand the breadth of this virus and its 
reach into our lives in this country. 
It is not Democrat. It is not Repub-
lican. It is just answers and assurances 
our citizens expect us to do. 
f 
b 0915 
CONGRESS MUST PROTECT AMER-
ICA’S 
CHILDREN 
FROM 
THE 
SCOURGE OF NICOTINE ADDIC-
TION 
(Ms. ADAMS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute.) 
Ms. ADAMS. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today in support of H.R. 2339, the Pro-
tecting American Lungs and Reversing 
the Youth Tobacco Epidemic Act. 
In 1999, I was tapped to serve as one 
of the founding members of the Amer-
ican Legacy Foundation whose mission 
was to create a world where young peo-
ple reject tobacco, and anyone can 
quit. For 7 years I served as vice chair 
of Legacy as we fought to help create a 
tobacco-free generation. That organi-
zation is known today as the Truth Ini-
tiative. 
We helped air the first advertise-
ments that curtailed teen cigarette use 
and started us toward the end of an 
epidemic, but our work is not yet done. 
We have a new epidemic on our hands, 
one we cannot ignore. 
In 2019, over 5 million middle and 
high school students used e-cigarettes. 
That is up almost two million students 
from 2018. H.R. 2339 tackles this prob-
lem. By prohibiting the sale of all fla-
vored tobacco products, we protect our 
children from the scourge of nicotine 
addiction. 
To be blunt, this legislation puts 
health before profit, and that is the 
truth. 
f 
RECOGNIZING SCOTTSBLUFF/ 
GERING, NEBRASKA 
(Mr. SMITH of Nebraska asked and 
was given permission to address the 
House for 1 minute and to revise and 
extend his remarks.) 
Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Madam 
Speaker, I rise today to recognize my 
home 
community 
of 
Gering- 
Scottsbluff, Nebraska for being hon-
ored as one of the top western towns by 
True West Magazine. 
As executive director Bob Boze Bell 
said in the article, ‘‘There’s so much 
history, so many stories that are told 
in the places, the events, the attitude 
of 
the 
people 
who 
live 
there. 
Scottsbluff and Gering, together, is 
truly a top western town.’’ 
Now in our sixth generation as Scotts 
Bluff County natives, my family would 
have to agree. Sharing this honor with 
famous western towns such as Tomb-
stone, Arizona; Deadwood, South Da-
kota; 
and 
Sheridan, 
Wyoming, 
Scottsbluff and Gering have their own 
important part of American history 
and the role it played in our westward 
migration. 
Home to one of the most famous Or-
egon Trail landmarks, the Scotts Bluff 
National Monument, this area was 
known as one of the most breathtaking 
sights on the journey west. 
Community support and involvement 
has led us to this recognition. There 
truly is no place like Nebraska, and I 
am proud to call the Gering and 
Scottsbluff area my home. 
I thank Brenda Leisy and Karla 
Neidan-Streeks for their work in pro-
moting our community. I also thank 
the people of Gering-Scottsbluff, who, 
together, make our community a great 
place to live. 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-
nication from the Clerk of the House of 
Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK, 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
Washington, DC, February 27, 2020. 
Hon. NANCY PELOSI, 
Speaker, House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR MADAM SPEAKER: Pursuant to the 
permission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II 
of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-
tives, the Clerk received the following mes-
sage from the Secretary of the Senate on 
February 27, 2020, at 5:41 p.m.: 
That the Senate passed without amend-
ment H.R. 4998. 
With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
CHERYL L. JOHNSON. 
f 
REVERSING THE YOUTH TOBACCO 
EPIDEMIC ACT OF 2019 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-
bers may have 5 legislative days within 
which to revise and extend their re-
marks and add extraneous material on 
H.R. 2339, the Protecting American 
Lungs and Reversing the Youth To-
bacco Epidemic Act of 2019. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-
tleman from New Jersey? 
There was no objection. 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, pur-
suant to House Resolution 866, I call up 
the bill (H.R. 2339) to amend the Fed-
eral Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act 
with respect to the sale and marketing 
of tobacco products, and for other pur-
poses, and ask for its immediate con-
sideration. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 866, in lieu of 
the amendment in the nature of a sub-
stitute recommended by the Com-
mittee on Energy and Commerce print-
ed in the bill, an amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute consisting of the 
text of Rules Committee Print 116–51, 
modified by the amendment printed in 
House Report 116–409, is adopted and 
the bill, as amended, is considered 
read. 
The text of the bill, as amended, is as 
follows: 
H.R. 2339 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting 
American Lungs and Reversing the Youth To-
bacco Epidemic Act of 2020’’. 
SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents of this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title. 
Sec. 2. Table of contents. 
TITLE I—FOOD AND DRUG 
ADMINISTRATION 
Sec. 101. Cigarette graphic health warnings. 
Sec. 102. Advertising and sales parity for all 
deemed tobacco products. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:19 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 6343
E:\CR\FM\K28FE7.005
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 2-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1258 
February 28, 2020 
Sec. 103. Reducing child and adolescent nico-
tine addiction. 
Sec. 104. Prohibition against remote retail sales. 
Sec. 105. Fees applicable to all tobacco prod-
ucts. 
Sec. 106. Regulation of products containing al-
ternative nicotine. 
Sec. 107. Update to youth tobacco prevention 
public awareness campaigns. 
Sec. 108. Exemption from premarket review of 
certain tobacco products. 
Sec. 109. Public education. 
Sec. 110. Regulations for recordkeeping con-
cerning tracking and tracing. 
TITLE II—FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION 
Sec. 201. Advertising of tobacco products. 
TITLE III—PUBLIC HEALTH PROGRAMS 
Sec. 301. Outreach to medically underserved 
communities. 
Sec. 302. Demonstration grant program to de-
velop strategies for smoking ces-
sation in medically underserved 
communities. 
Sec. 303. Public awareness, education, and pre-
vention campaign. 
Sec. 304. Tobacco cessation treatment grants to 
health centers. 
Sec. 305. Grants for research. 
TITLE IV—NICOTINE OR VAPING ACCESS 
PROTECTION AND ENFORCEMENT 
Sec. 401. Increasing civil penalties applicable to 
certain violations of restrictions 
on sale and distribution of to-
bacco products. 
Sec. 402. Study and report on e-cigarettes. 
TITLE V—EXCISE TAX ON NICOTINE USED 
IN VAPING, ETC. 
Sec. 501. Imposition of tax on nicotine for use 
in vaping, etc. 
TITLE VI—FURTHER HEALTH 
INVESTMENTS 
Sec. 601. Waiving Medicare coinsurance for 
colorectal cancer screening tests. 
Sec. 602. Safe harbor for high deductible health 
plans without deductible for cer-
tain inhalers. 
TITLE I—FOOD AND DRUG 
ADMINISTRATION 
SEC. 101. CIGARETTE GRAPHIC HEALTH WARN-
INGS. 
(a) ISSUANCE
DEADLINES.—Not later than 
March 15, 2020, the Secretary of Health and 
Human Services, acting through the Commis-
sioner of Food and Drugs, shall publish a final 
rule pursuant to section 4(d) of the Federal Cig-
arette Labeling and Advertising Act (15 U.S.C. 
1333(d)). If the Secretary fails to promulgate 
such final rule by March 15, 2020, then the pro-
posed rule titled ‘‘Tobacco Products; Required 
Warnings for Cigarette Packages and Advertise-
ments’’ published by the Food and Drug Admin-
istration on August 16, 2019 (84 Fed. Reg. 42754) 
shall be treated as a final rule beginning on 
March 16, 2020. 
(b) CONFORMING CHANGE.—The first section 
4(d) of the Federal Cigarette Labeling and Ad-
vertising Act (15 U.S.C. 1333(d)) (relating to 
graphic labeling statements) is amended by 
striking ‘‘Not later than 24 months after the 
date of enactment of the Family Smoking Pre-
vention and Tobacco Control Act, the Sec-
retary’’ and inserting ‘‘The Secretary’’. 
SEC. 102. ADVERTISING AND SALES PARITY FOR 
ALL DEEMED TOBACCO PRODUCTS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary 
of Health and Human Services, acting through 
the Commissioner of Food and Drugs, shall pro-
mulgate a final rule amending part 1140 of sub-
chapter K of title 21, Code of Federal Regula-
tions, to apply the provisions of such part 1140 
to all tobacco products, as applicable, to which 
chapter IX of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cos-
metic Act (21 U.S.C. 387a et seq.) applies pursu-
ant to section 901(b) of such Act (21 U.S.C. 
387a(b)), as amended by section 103(a) of this 
Act. 
(b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The final rule required 
by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date 
that is 2 years after the date of enactment of 
this Act. 
SEC. 103. REDUCING CHILD AND ADOLESCENT 
NICOTINE ADDICTION. 
(a) APPLICABILITY
TO ALL TOBACCO PROD-
UCTS.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Subsection (b) of section 901 
of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 
U.S.C. 387a) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(b) APPLICABILITY.—This chapter shall apply 
to all tobacco products.’’. 
(2) RULE
OF
CONSTRUCTION.—Paragraph (1) 
and the amendment made thereby shall not be 
construed to limit the applicability of chapter 
IX of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act 
(21 U.S.C. 387a et seq.) to— 
(A) products that were listed in section 901(b) 
of such Act as in effect on the day before the 
date of enactment of this Act; and 
(B) products that were deemed by regulation 
to be subject to such chapter pursuant to section 
901(b) of such Act as in effect on the day before 
the date of enactment of this Act. 
(b) PROHIBITING
FLAVORING
OF
TOBACCO 
PRODUCTS.— 
(1) PROHIBITION.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—Subparagraph (A) of section 
907(a)(1) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cos-
metic Act (21 U.S.C. 387g(a)(1)) is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘(A) SPECIAL RULES.— 
‘‘(i) IN GENERAL.—Beginning on the date that 
is 1 year after the date of enactment of the Pro-
tecting American Lungs and Reversing the 
Youth Tobacco Epidemic Act of 2020, a tobacco 
product (including its components, parts, and 
accessories, including the tobacco, filter, or 
paper) that is not an electronic nicotine delivery 
system shall not contain, as a constituent (in-
cluding a smoke constituent) or additive, an ar-
tificial or natural flavor (other than tobacco) 
that is a characterizing flavor of the tobacco 
product or tobacco smoke or an herb or spice, 
including menthol, mint, mango, strawberry, 
grape, orange, clove, cinnamon, pineapple, va-
nilla, coconut, licorice, cocoa, chocolate, cherry, 
or coffee. 
‘‘(ii) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in this 
subparagraph shall be construed to limit the 
Secretary’s authority to take action under this 
section or other sections of this Act applicable to 
any artificial or natural flavor, herb, or spice. 
‘‘(iii) APPLICABILITY
TO
CERTAIN
INDIVID-
UALS.—Notwithstanding any provision of this 
Act, no individual who purchases for individual 
consumption, possesses for individual consump-
tion, or consumes, a tobacco product that is in 
violation of the prohibition under this subpara-
graph, including a tobacco product that con-
tains a characterizing flavor of menthol, shall 
be subject to any criminal penalty under this 
Act for such purchase, possession, or consump-
tion, nor shall such purchase, possession, or 
consumption be used as a justification to stop, 
search, or conduct any other investigative meas-
ure against any individual.’’. 
(B) SAVINGS PROVISION.—Section 907(a)(1) of 
the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 
U.S.C. 387g(a)(1)), as in effect on the date of en-
actment of this Act, shall remain in effect until 
the amendment made to such section 907(a)(1) 
by this paragraph takes effect. 
(2) FLAVORED ELECTRONIC NICOTINE DELIVERY 
SYSTEM.—Section 910 of the Federal Food, Drug, 
and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 387j) is amended by 
inserting at the end the following: 
‘‘(h) FLAVORED ELECTRONIC NICOTINE DELIV-
ERY SYSTEMS.— 
‘‘(1) RESTRICTION.—Beginning on the date 
that is 30 days after the date of enactment of 
the Protecting American Lungs and Reversing 
the Youth Tobacco Epidemic Act of 2020, any 
flavored electronic nicotine delivery system that 
is a new tobacco product, including any solu-
tion or other component or part (such as a liq-
uid or its aerosol) shall not contain an artificial 
or natural flavor (other than tobacco) that is a 
characterizing flavor, including menthol, mint, 
mango, strawberry, grape, orange, clove, cin-
namon, pineapple, vanilla, coconut, licorice, 
cocoa, chocolate, cherry, or coffee, unless the 
Secretary has issued a marketing order as de-
scribed in paragraph (2). Nothing in this para-
graph shall be construed to limit the Secretary’s 
authority to take action under this section or 
other sections of this Act applicable to any arti-
ficial or natural flavor, herb, or spice. 
‘‘(2) REVIEW.—The Secretary shall not issue a 
marketing order under subsection (c)(1)(A)(i) or 
a substantial equivalence order under sub-
section (a)(2)(A)(i) for any electronic nicotine 
delivery system, including any liquid, solution, 
or other component or part or its aerosol, that 
contains an artificial or natural flavor (other 
than tobacco) that is a characterizing flavor, 
unless the Secretary issues an order finding that 
the manufacturer has demonstrated that— 
‘‘(A) use of the characterizing flavor— 
‘‘(i) will significantly increase the likelihood 
of smoking cessation among current users of to-
bacco products; and 
‘‘(ii) will not increase the likelihood that indi-
viduals who do not use tobacco products, in-
cluding youth, will start using any tobacco 
product, including an electronic nicotine deliv-
ery system; and 
‘‘(B) such electronic nicotine delivery system 
is not more harmful to users than an electronic 
nicotine delivery system that does not contain 
any characterizing flavors.’’. 
(3) DEFINITION OF ELECTRONIC NICOTINE DE-
LIVERY
SYSTEM.—Section 900 of the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 387) is 
amended— 
(A) by redesignating paragraphs (8) through 
(22) as paragraphs (9) through (23), respectively; 
and 
(B) by inserting after paragraph (7) the fol-
lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(8) ELECTRONIC
NICOTINE
DELIVERY
SYS-
TEM.—The term ‘electronic nicotine delivery sys-
tem’ means a tobacco product that is an elec-
tronic device that delivers nicotine, flavor, or 
another substance via an aerosolized solution to 
the user inhaling from the device (including e- 
cigarettes, e-hookah, e-cigars, vape pens, ad-
vanced refillable personal vaporizers, and elec-
tronic pipes) and any component, liquid, part, 
or accessory of such a device, whether or not 
sold separately.’’. 
(4) LIMITATION ON ENFORCEMENT.—A law en-
forcement officer of a State or political subdivi-
sion thereof may not enforce (including by mak-
ing any stop, search, seizure, or arrest or by 
pursuing any prosecution, trial, or punishment) 
any provision of section 907(a)(1)(A) or 910(h) of 
the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as 
amended and added by this subsection. 
SEC. 104. PROHIBITION AGAINST REMOTE RETAIL 
SALES. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Paragraph (4) of section 
906(d) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic 
Act (21 U.S.C. 387f(d)) is amended to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(4) PROHIBITION
AGAINST
REMOTE
RETAIL 
SALES.— 
‘‘(A) PROHIBITION.—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of enactment of the Protecting 
American Lungs and Reversing the Youth To-
bacco Epidemic Act of 2020, the Secretary shall 
promulgate a final regulation prohibiting the re-
tail sale of all tobacco products other than retail 
sales through a direct, face-to-face exchange be-
tween a retailer and a consumer. 
‘‘(B) EXCEPTION FOR CERTAIN CIGAR TOBACCO 
PRODUCTS.— 
‘‘(i) EXCEPTION.—The regulation required by 
subparagraph (A) shall not apply to tobacco 
products described in section 910(a)(2)(A)(iii). 
‘‘(ii) APPLICABLE
REQUIREMENTS.—Not later 
than 18 months after the date of enactment of 
the Protecting American Lungs and Reversing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:19 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00004
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.003
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 3-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1259 
February 28, 2020 
the Youth Tobacco Epidemic Act of 2020, the 
Secretary shall promulgate regulations regard-
ing the sale and distribution of tobacco products 
described in section 910(a)(2)(A)(iii) that occur 
through means other than a direct, face-to-face 
exchange between a retailer and a consumer in 
order to prevent the sale and distribution of to-
bacco 
products 
described 
in 
section 
910(a)(2)(A)(iii) to individuals who have not at-
tained the minimum age established by applica-
ble law for the purchase of such products, in-
cluding requirements for age verification. 
‘‘(C) RELATION TO OTHER AUTHORITY.—Noth-
ing in this paragraph— 
‘‘(i) limits the authority of the Secretary to 
take additional actions under other provisions 
of this Act; or 
‘‘(ii) preempts the authority of a State or local 
government to establish restrictions on the retail 
sale of tobacco products that are in addition to, 
or more stringent than, the prohibition under 
subparagraph (A).’’. 
(b) APPLICABILITY.—Section 906(d)(4) of the 
Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as in ef-
fect on the day before the date of enactment of 
this Act, shall continue to apply until the effec-
tive date of the regulations required by section 
906(d)(4) of such Act, as amended by subsection 
(a). 
SEC. 105. FEES APPLICABLE TO ALL TOBACCO 
PRODUCTS. 
(a) INCREASE
IN
TOTAL
AMOUNT.—Section 
919(b)(1) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cos-
metic Act (21 U.S.C. 387s(b)(1)) is amended by 
striking subparagraph (K) and inserting the fol-
lowing subparagraphs: 
‘‘(K) 
For 
fiscal 
years 
2019 
and 
2020, 
$712,000,000. 
‘‘(L) For fiscal year 2021, $812,000,000. 
‘‘(M) For each subsequent fiscal year, the 
amount that was applicable for the previous fis-
cal year, increased by the total percentage 
change that occurred in the Consumer Price 
Index for all urban consumers (all items; United 
States city average) for the 12-month period 
ending June 30 preceding the fiscal year.’’. 
(b) APPLICABILITY.— 
(1) FISCAL
YEARS
2020
AND
2021.—Except as 
amended by subsection (a), for fiscal years 2020 
and 2021, section 919 of the Federal Food, Drug, 
and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 387s) shall apply as 
in effect on the day before the date of enactment 
of this Act. 
(2) SUBSEQUENT FISCAL YEARS.—The amend-
ments made by subsections (c) through (f) apply 
beginning with fiscal year 2022. 
(c) ALLOCATIONS OF ASSESSMENT BY CLASS OF 
TOBACCO PRODUCTS.—Paragraph (2) of section 
919(b) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic 
Act (21 U.S.C. 387s(b)) is amended to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(2) ALLOCATIONS OF ASSESSMENT BY CLASS OF 
TOBACCO PRODUCTS.— 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—The total user fees assessed 
and collected under subsection (a) each fiscal 
year (beginning with fiscal year 2022) with re-
spect to each class of tobacco products to which 
this chapter applies shall be an amount that is 
equal to the applicable percentage of each class 
for the fiscal year multiplied by the amount 
specified in paragraph (1) for the fiscal year. 
‘‘(B) APPLICABLE PERCENTAGE.— 
‘‘(i) IN GENERAL.—For purposes of subpara-
graph (A), the applicable percentage for a fiscal 
year for each class of tobacco product shall be 
the percentage determined by dividing— 
‘‘(I) the product of the gross domestic volume 
of the class multiplied by the tax rate applicable 
to the class under section 5701 of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986; and 
‘‘(II) the sum of the products determined 
under subclause (I) for all classes of tobacco 
products. 
‘‘(ii) DEFINITION.—For purposes of clause (i), 
the term ‘gross domestic volume’ means the vol-
ume of tobacco products— 
‘‘(I) removed (as defined by section 5702 of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986); and 
‘‘(II) not exempt from tax under chapter 52 of 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 at the time of 
their removal under that chapter or the Har-
monized Tariff Schedule of the United States (19 
U.S.C. 1202).’’. 
(d) ALLOCATION OF ASSESSMENT WITHIN EACH 
CLASS OF TOBACCO PRODUCT.—Section 919(b)(4) 
of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 
U.S.C. 387s(b)(4)) is amended by striking ‘‘shall 
be the percentage determined for purposes of al-
locations under subsections (e) through (h) of 
section 625 of Public Law 108–357’’ and inserting 
‘‘shall be allocated on a pro rata basis among 
the manufacturers and importers of each class 
of tobacco products to which this chapter ap-
plies based on the percentage share of each 
manufacturer’s or importer’s share of gross do-
mestic volume within such class on a quarterly 
basis, based on data for the second preceding 
quarter’’. 
(e) OTHER AMENDMENTS.—Section 919(b) of 
the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 
U.S.C. 387s(b)) is amended— 
(1) by striking paragraph (5); 
(2) by redesignating paragraphs (6) and (7) as 
paragraphs (5) and (6), respectively; and 
(3) by amending paragraph (6), as redesig-
nated, to read as follows: 
‘‘(6) MEMORANDUM
OF
UNDERSTANDING; RE-
PORTING.— 
‘‘(A) TRANSFER
OF
INFORMATION.—The Sec-
retary shall request the appropriate Federal 
agency to enter into a memorandum of under-
standing that provides for the regular and time-
ly transfer from the head of such agency to the 
Secretary of all necessary information regarding 
all tobacco product manufacturers and import-
ers required to pay user fees. The Secretary 
shall maintain all disclosure restrictions estab-
lished by the head of such agency regarding the 
information provided under the memorandum of 
understanding. 
‘‘(B) REPORTING.— 
‘‘(i) MANUFACTURER
REPORTING.—The Sec-
retary may require the manufacturers and im-
porters of each class of tobacco products to 
which this chapter applies to submit such infor-
mation, by such time, and in such manner, as 
the Secretary determines to be necessary to im-
plement this section. 
‘‘(ii) REPORTS TO CONGRESS.—For fiscal year 
2020 and each subsequent fiscal year for which 
fees are collected under this section, the Sec-
retary shall, not later than 120 days after the 
end of the respective fiscal year, submit to the 
Congress financial and performance reports 
with respect to such fees.’’. 
(f) PROHIBITED ACT.—Section 301(q)(1)(B) of 
the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 
U.S.C. 331(q)(1)(B)) is amended by inserting 
‘‘919(b)(6)(B),’’ before ‘‘or 920’’. 
SEC. 
106. 
REGULATION 
OF 
PRODUCTS 
CON-
TAINING ALTERNATIVE NICOTINE. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Health and 
Human Services, acting through the Commis-
sioner of Food and Drugs, shall— 
(1) not later than 1 year after the date of en-
actment of this Act, issue an interim final rule 
providing for the regulation of products con-
taining alternative nicotine under the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et 
seq.); and 
(2) not later than 2 years after such date of 
enactment, issue a final rule providing for such 
regulation. 
(b) ALTERNATIVE NICOTINE.—In this section, 
the term ‘‘alternative nicotine’’ means nicotine 
that is not made or derived from tobacco plants 
and may include nicotine that is chemically 
synthesized, synthesized from recombinant ge-
netic technology, or extracted from non-tobacco 
plants. 
SEC. 107. UPDATE TO YOUTH TOBACCO PREVEN-
TION 
PUBLIC 
AWARENESS 
CAM-
PAIGNS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Health and 
Human Services shall— 
(1) review all public health awareness cam-
paigns of the Department of Health and Human 
Services designed to educate at-risk individuals 
about the harmful effects of tobacco use, includ-
ing the use of e-cigarettes and other electronic 
nicotine delivery systems; and 
(2) as applicable, modify such campaigns to 
include awareness and education materials de-
signed for individuals who are 18 to 21 years of 
age. 
(b) CONSULTATION.—In carrying out sub-
section (a), the Secretary of Health and Human 
Services may consult with medical and public 
health associations and nonprofit organiza-
tions. 
SEC. 108. EXEMPTION FROM PREMARKET REVIEW 
OF CERTAIN TOBACCO PRODUCTS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 910(a)(2) of the Fed-
eral Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 
387j(a)(2)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A)— 
(A) in clause (i)(II), by striking ‘‘or’’; 
(B) in clause (ii), by striking the period at the 
end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(iii) subject to subparagraph (C), for the pe-
riod beginning on the date of the enactment of 
the Protecting American Lungs and Reversing 
the Youth Tobacco Epidemic Act of 2020 and 
ending on September 30, 2028, the tobacco prod-
uct is a cigar and— 
‘‘(I) is wrapped in whole tobacco leaf; 
‘‘(II) contains a 100-percent leaf tobacco bind-
er; 
‘‘(III) contains primarily long filler tobacco; 
‘‘(IV) does not have a characterizing flavor 
other than tobacco; 
‘‘(V) weighs more than 6 pounds per 1000 
units; 
‘‘(VI) has no filter, tip, or non-tobacco mouth-
piece; 
‘‘(VII)(aa) is made by combining manually the 
wrapper, filler, and binder and is capped by 
hand; or 
‘‘(bb) has a homogenized tobacco leaf binder 
and is made in the United States using human 
hands to lay the 100-percent leaf tobacco binder 
onto only one machine that bunches, wraps, 
and caps each individual cigar; and 
‘‘(VIII) has a retail price (after discounts or 
coupons) per cigar of no less than— 
‘‘(aa) for calendar years 2019 and 2020, $12; 
and 
‘‘(bb) for each subsequent calendar year, $12 
multiplied by any percent increase in the Con-
sumer Price Index for all urban consumers (all 
items; U.S. city average) since calendar year 
2020.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(C) DETERMINATION OF APPLICABILITY.— 
‘‘(i) IN
GENERAL.—The Secretary shall, not-
withstanding subparagraph (A)(iii) or any de-
termination of substantial equivalence, if any of 
the conditions specified in clause (ii) are met— 
‘‘(I) withdraw any exemption applicable to a 
tobacco product or products described in such 
subparagraph; 
‘‘(II) require that applications for review 
under this section be submitted with respect to 
such product or products; and 
‘‘(III) require that manufacturers may only 
market such tobacco product after the issuance 
of an order under subsection (c)(1)(A)(i) with re-
spect to such product or products. 
‘‘(ii) CONDITIONS.—The conditions specified in 
this clause are that— 
‘‘(I) the Secretary determines that the use of 
a tobacco product or products described in sub-
paragraph (A)(iii) has resulted in an emerging 
public health threat; 
‘‘(II) data from a National Youth Tobacco 
Survey (or successor survey) conducted after the 
date of the enactment of the Protecting Amer-
ican Lungs and Reversing the Youth Tobacco 
Epidemic Act of 2020 identifies a rise in youth 
usage of tobacco products described in section 
910(a)(2)(A)(iii); or 
‘‘(III) the Secretary determines that a tobacco 
product or products no longer meets the criteria 
specified in such subparagraph.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:19 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00005
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.003
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 4-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1260 
February 28, 2020 
(b) NATIONAL
ACADEMIES
STUDY
AND
RE-
PORT.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Health and 
Human Services, acting through the Commis-
sioner of Food and Drugs, shall enter into an 
agreement with the National Academies of 
Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine under 
which the National Academies shall conduct a 
study on— 
(A) the public health impact of having tobacco 
products described in subsection (a)(2)(A)(iii) of 
section 910 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cos-
metic Act (21 U.S.C. 387j), as amended by sub-
section (a), exempt from premarket review under 
such section; 
(B) the youth usage of such tobacco products; 
and 
(C) the market share of such products. 
(2) REPORT.—The agreement under paragraph 
(1) shall include a requirement that the Na-
tional Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and 
Medicine submit to Congress, not later than De-
cember 31, 2026, a report on the findings of the 
study conducted under such paragraph. 
SEC. 109. PUBLIC EDUCATION. 
Section 906 of the Federal Food, Drug, and 
Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 387f) is amended by add-
ing at the end the following: 
‘‘(g) EDUCATION ON TOBACCO PRODUCTS.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—Beginning not later than 6 
months after the date of the enactment of the 
Protecting American Lungs and Reversing the 
Youth Tobacco Epidemic Act of 2020, the Sec-
retary of Health and Human Services, acting 
through the Commissioner of Food and Drugs 
and in consultation with the Surgeon General of 
the Public Health Service, shall provide edu-
cational materials for health care providers, 
members of the public, and law enforcement of-
ficials, regarding— 
‘‘(A) the authority of the Food and Drug Ad-
ministration with respect to the regulation of to-
bacco products (including enforcement of such 
regulation); 
‘‘(B) the general processes of the Food and 
Drug Administration for enforcing restrictions 
on the manufacture and sale of tobacco prod-
ucts; 
‘‘(C) the general enforcement actions the Food 
and Drug Administration may take to implement 
the prohibition on characterizing flavors in to-
bacco products under section 907(a)(1); 
‘‘(D) the public health impact of tobacco prod-
ucts with characterizing flavors; and 
‘‘(E) other information as the Secretary deter-
mines appropriate. 
‘‘(2) CONTENT.—Educational materials pro-
vided under paragraph (1) may include— 
‘‘(A) explanations of key statutory and regu-
latory terms, including the terms ‘tobacco prod-
uct’, ‘component parts’, ‘accessories’, ‘con-
stituent’, ‘additive’, ‘tobacco product manufac-
turer’, and ‘characterizing flavor’; 
‘‘(B) an explanation of the Food and Drug 
Administration’s jurisdiction to regulate tobacco 
products, including tobacco products with char-
acterizing flavors under section 907(a)(1); 
‘‘(C) general educational information related 
to enforcement tools and processes used by the 
Food and Drug Administration for violations of 
the prohibition specified in section 907(a)(1); 
‘‘(D) information on the health effects of 
using tobacco products, including those with the 
characterizing flavors referred to in section 
907(a)(1); and 
‘‘(E) information on resources available re-
lated to smoking cessation. 
‘‘(3) FORMAT.—Educational materials pro-
vided under paragraph (1) may be— 
‘‘(A) published in any format, including an 
internet website, video, fact sheet, infographic, 
webinar, or other format, as the Secretary deter-
mines is appropriate and applicable; and 
‘‘(B) tailored for the unique needs of health 
care providers, members of the public, law en-
forcement officers, and other audiences, as the 
Secretary determines appropriate. 
‘‘(4) FUNDING.—To carry out this subsection, 
there is authorized to be appropriated, and 
there is appropriated, out of any funds in the 
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, $5,000,000 
for each of fiscal years 2021 through 2025. Funds 
made available by the preceding sentence to 
carry out this subsection shall be in addition to 
funds that are derived from fees under section 
919 and are otherwise made available to carry 
out this chapter.’’. 
SEC. 110. REGULATIONS FOR RECORDKEEPING 
CONCERNING TRACKING AND TRAC-
ING. 
The Secretary of Health and Human Services, 
acting through the Commissioner of Food and 
Drugs, shall promulgate the regulations re-
quired by section 920(b) of the Federal Food, 
Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 387t) in ac-
cordance with the following schedule: 
(1) Not later than 1 year after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue 
proposed regulations. 
(2) Not later than 2 years after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Secretary shall promul-
gate final regulations. 
TITLE II—FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION 
SEC. 201. ADVERTISING OF TOBACCO PRODUCTS. 
(a) ADVERTISING OF ELECTRONIC NICOTINE DE-
LIVERY SYSTEMS.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—It shall be unlawful— 
(A) to market, advertise, or promote any elec-
tronic nicotine delivery system in a manner that 
appeals to an individual under 21 years of age; 
or 
(B) to market, advertise, promote, or endorse, 
or to compensate any person for the marketing, 
advertising, promotion, or endorsement of, any 
electronic nicotine delivery system without 
clearly disclosing that the communication is an 
advertisement, unless the communication is un-
ambiguously identifiable as an advertisement. 
(2) ENFORCEMENT BY COMMISSION.— 
(A) UNFAIR
OR
DECEPTIVE
ACTS
OR
PRAC-
TICES.—A violation of paragraph (1) shall be 
treated as a violation of a regulation under sec-
tion 18(a)(1)(B) of the Federal Trade Commis-
sion Act (15 U.S.C. 57a(a)(1)(B)) regarding un-
fair or deceptive acts or practices. 
(B) POWERS OF COMMISSION.—The Commission 
shall enforce paragraph (1) in the same manner, 
by the same means, and with the same jurisdic-
tion, powers, and duties as though all applica-
ble terms and provisions of the Federal Trade 
Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 41 et seq.) were incor-
porated into and made a part of this Act. Any 
person who violates such paragraph shall be 
subject to the penalties and entitled to the privi-
leges and immunities provided in the Federal 
Trade Commission Act. 
(3) ENFORCEMENT BY STATE ATTORNEYS GEN-
ERAL.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—If the attorney general of a 
State has reason to believe a violation of para-
graph (1) has occurred or is occurring, the attor-
ney general, in addition to any authority the 
attorney general may have to bring an action in 
State court under the law of the State, may 
bring a civil action in any court of competent 
jurisdiction to— 
(i) enjoin further such violation by the de-
fendant; 
(ii) enforce compliance with such paragraph; 
(iii) obtain civil penalties in the same amount 
as may be obtained by the Commission in a civil 
action under section 5(m) of the Federal Trade 
Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 45(m)); or 
(iv) obtain damages, restitution, or other com-
pensation on behalf of residents of the State. 
(B) NOTICE.—Before filing an action under 
subparagraph (A), the attorney general of a 
State shall provide to the Commission a written 
notice of such action and a copy of the com-
plaint for such action. If the attorney general 
determines that it is not feasible to provide the 
notice described in this subparagraph before the 
filing of the action, the attorney general shall 
provide written notice of the action and a copy 
of the complaint to the Commission immediately 
upon the filing of the action. 
(C) AUTHORITY OF FEDERAL TRADE COMMIS-
SION.— 
(i) IN
GENERAL.—On receiving notice under 
subparagraph (B) of an action under subpara-
graph (A), the Commission shall have the 
right— 
(I) to intervene in the action; 
(II) upon so intervening, to be heard on all 
matters arising therein; and 
(III) to file petitions for appeal. 
(ii) LIMITATION ON STATE ACTION WHILE FED-
ERAL ACTION IS PENDING.—If the Commission has 
instituted a civil action for violation of para-
graph (1) (referred to in this clause as the ‘‘Fed-
eral action’’), no attorney general of a State 
may bring an action under subparagraph (A) 
during the pendency of the Federal action 
against any defendant named in the complaint 
in the Federal action for any violation of such 
paragraph alleged in such complaint. 
(D) RELATIONSHIP WITH STATE-LAW CLAIMS.— 
(i) PRESERVATION
OF
STATE-LAW
CLAIMS.— 
Nothing in this section shall prevent the attor-
ney general of a State from bringing an action 
under State law for acts or practices that also 
violate paragraph (1). 
(ii) ASSERTION IN SAME CIVIL ACTION.—If the 
attorney general of a State has authority to 
bring an action under State law for acts or 
practices that also violate paragraph (1), the at-
torney general may assert the State-law claim 
and the claim for violation of such paragraph in 
the same civil action. 
(E) ACTIONS BY OTHER STATE OFFICIALS.—In 
addition to civil actions brought by attorneys 
general under subparagraph (A), any other con-
sumer protection officer of a State who is au-
thorized by the State to do so may bring a civil 
action under such subparagraph, subject to the 
same requirements and limitations that apply 
under this paragraph to civil actions brought by 
attorneys general. 
(4) RULEMAKING AUTHORITY.—The Commission 
may promulgate regulations under section 553 of 
title 5, United States Code, to implement para-
graph (1). 
(b) REPORT TO CONGRESS ON TOBACCO PROD-
UCT ADVERTISING.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 2 years after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, and annu-
ally thereafter, the Commission shall submit to 
Congress a report relating to each category of 
products described in paragraph (2) (or a single 
report a portion of which relates to each such 
category) that contains the following: 
(A) Information on domestic sales and adver-
tising and promotional activity by the manufac-
turers that have the largest market shares of the 
product category. 
(B) Such recommendations for legislation as 
the Commission may consider appropriate. 
(2) PRODUCT
CATEGORIES
DESCRIBED.—The 
categories of products described in this para-
graph are the following: 
(A) Cigarettes. 
(B) Cigars. 
(C) Smokeless tobacco. 
(D) Electronic nicotine delivery systems. 
(c) PRESERVATION OF AUTHORITY.—Nothing in 
this section may be construed in any way to 
limit the Commission’s authority under any 
other provision of law. 
(d) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) CIGAR.—The term ‘‘cigar’’ means a tobacco 
product that— 
(A) is not a cigarette; and 
(B) is a roll of tobacco wrapped in leaf to-
bacco or any substance containing tobacco. 
(2) CIGARETTE.—The term ‘‘cigarette’’ has the 
meaning given such term in section 900 of the 
Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 
U.S.C. 387). 
(3) COMMISSION.—The term ‘‘Commission’’ 
means the Federal Trade Commission. 
(4) ELECTRONIC NICOTINE DELIVERY SYSTEM.— 
The term ‘‘electronic nicotine delivery system’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:19 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00006
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.003
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 5-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1261 
February 28, 2020 
means a tobacco product that is an electronic 
device that delivers nicotine, flavor, or another 
substance via an aerosolized solution to the user 
inhaling from the device (including e-cigarettes, 
e-hookah, e-cigars, vape pens, advanced refill-
able personal vaporizers, and electronic pipes) 
and any component, liquid, part, or accessory of 
such a device, whether or not sold separately. 
(5) ENDORSE.—The term ‘‘endorse’’ means to 
communicate an advertising message (including 
a verbal statement, demonstration, or depiction 
of the name, signature, likeness, or other identi-
fying personal characteristics of an individual 
or the name or seal of an organization) that 
consumers are likely to believe reflects the opin-
ions, beliefs, findings, or experiences of a party 
other than the sponsoring advertiser, even if the 
views expressed by such party are identical to 
those of the sponsoring advertiser. 
(6) NICOTINE.—The term ‘‘nicotine’’ has the 
meaning given such term in section 900 of the 
Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 
U.S.C. 387). 
(7) SMOKELESS TOBACCO.—The term ‘‘smoke-
less tobacco’’ has the meaning given such term 
in section 900 of the Federal Food, Drug, and 
Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 387). 
(8) TOBACCO
PRODUCT.—The term ‘‘tobacco 
product’’ has the meaning given such term in 
section 201 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cos-
metic Act (21 U.S.C. 321). 
TITLE III—PUBLIC HEALTH PROGRAMS 
SEC. 301. OUTREACH TO MEDICALLY UNDER-
SERVED COMMUNITIES. 
Section 399V of the Public Health Service Act 
(42 U.S.C. 280g–11) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— 
(A) by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) as 
paragraphs (5) and (6), respectively; and 
(B) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(4) to educate and provide guidance to medi-
cally underserved communities, particularly ra-
cial and ethnic minority populations, regarding 
effective evidence-based strategies— 
‘‘(A) to prevent tobacco, e-cigarette, and nico-
tine addiction, including among youth; and 
‘‘(B) for smoking cessation, including ces-
sation of the use of menthol-flavored tobacco 
products, and the cessation of the use of e-ciga-
rettes and electronic nicotine delivery systems;’’; 
(2) in subsection (d)(1)(B), by inserting ‘‘, in-
cluding chronic diseases related to and caused 
by tobacco use’’ after ‘‘diseases’’; and 
(3) in subsection (j), by striking ‘‘are author-
ized to be appropriated, such sums as may be 
necessary to carry out this section for each of 
fiscal years 2010 through 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘is 
authorized to be appropriated, and there is ap-
propriated, out of any funds in the Treasury 
not otherwise appropriated, $75,000,000 to carry 
out this section for each of fiscal years 2021 
through 2025’’. 
SEC. 302. DEMONSTRATION GRANT PROGRAM TO 
DEVELOP STRATEGIES FOR SMOK-
ING CESSATION IN MEDICALLY UN-
DERSERVED COMMUNITIES. 
Part B of title III of the Public Health Service 
Act (42 U.S.C. 243 et seq.) is amended by insert-
ing after section 317U (42 U.S.C. 247b–23) the 
following: 
‘‘SEC. 317V. DEMONSTRATION GRANT PROGRAM 
TO 
DEVELOP 
STRATEGIES 
FOR 
SMOKING CESSATION IN MEDICALLY 
UNDERSERVED COMMUNITIES. 
‘‘(a) IN
GENERAL.—The Secretary, acting 
through the Director of the Centers for Disease 
Control and Prevention, shall establish a dem-
onstration program to award grants to, or con-
tract with, State, local, or Tribal public health 
departments to support— 
‘‘(1) the development of improved evidence- 
based strategies for smoking cessation, including 
cessation of the use of menthol-flavored tobacco 
products, and the cessation of the use of e-ciga-
rettes and electronic nicotine delivery systems, 
for populations in medically underserved com-
munities, particularly racial and ethnic minor-
ity populations; 
‘‘(2) the development of improved communica-
tion and outreach tools to reach populations in 
medically underserved communities, particularly 
racial and ethnic minority populations, addicted 
to tobacco products, including e-cigarettes and 
menthol-flavored tobacco products; and 
‘‘(3) improved coordination, access, and refer-
rals to services for tobacco cessation and the 
cessation of the use of e-cigarettes and elec-
tronic nicotine delivery systems, including to-
bacco cessation products approved by the Food 
and Drug Administration and mental health 
and counseling services. 
‘‘(b) APPLICATION.—To be eligible to receive a 
grant under subsection (a), a State, local, or 
Tribal public health department shall submit to 
the Secretary an application at such time, in 
such manner, and containing such information 
as the Secretary may require. 
‘‘(c) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.—To 
carry out this section, there is authorized to be 
appropriated, and there is appropriated, out of 
any funds in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, $75,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2021 
through 2025.’’. 
SEC. 303. PUBLIC AWARENESS, EDUCATION, AND 
PREVENTION CAMPAIGN. 
Part B of title III of the Public Health Service 
Act (42 U.S.C. 243 et seq.), as amended by sec-
tion 302, is further amended by inserting after 
section 317V the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 317W. PUBLIC AWARENESS, EDUCATION, 
AND PREVENTION CAMPAIGN RE-
GARDING TOBACCO. 
‘‘(a) IN
GENERAL.—The Secretary, acting 
through the Director of the Centers for Disease 
Control and Prevention and in consultation 
with the Surgeon General of the Public Health 
Service, shall develop and implement a national 
campaign to educate youth and young adults, 
parents, clinicians, health professionals, and 
others about the harms associated with the use 
by youth and young adults of tobacco products, 
including e-cigarettes. 
‘‘(b) REQUIREMENTS.—The campaign under 
this section shall— 
‘‘(1) be an evidence-based media and public 
engagement initiative; 
‘‘(2) be carried out through competitively bid 
contracts; 
‘‘(3) include the development of culturally and 
linguistically competent resources that may be 
tailored for communities with high rates of 
youth tobacco use; 
‘‘(4) be complementary to, and coordinated 
with, any other Federal efforts; and 
‘‘(5) include message testing to identify cul-
turally and linguistically competent and effec-
tive messages for behavioral change. 
‘‘(c) OPTIONAL COMPONENTS.—The campaign 
under this section may include— 
‘‘(1) the use of— 
‘‘(A) television, radio, print, the internet, and 
other commercial marketing venues; and 
‘‘(B) in-person public communications; and 
‘‘(2) the award of grants to State, local, and 
Tribal public health departments to encourage 
partnerships with community organizations and 
health care providers to develop and deliver evi-
dence-based strategies to prevent youth tobacco 
use. 
‘‘(d) FUNDING.—To carry out this section, 
there is authorized to be appropriated, and 
there is appropriated, out of any funds in the 
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, $45,000,000 
for each of fiscal years 2021 through 2025.’’. 
SEC. 
304. 
TOBACCO 
CESSATION 
TREATMENT 
GRANTS TO HEALTH CENTERS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 330 of the Public 
Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254b) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (k) through 
(r) as subsections (l) through (s), respectively; 
and 
(2) by adding after subsection (j) the following 
new subsection: 
‘‘(k) TOBACCO CESSATION GRANTS.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary may award 
grants to health centers to provide comprehen-
sive tobacco cessation treatment, including 
counseling and tobacco cessation therapies. 
‘‘(2) FUNDING.—For the purpose of carrying 
out this subsection, in addition to other 
amounts available for such purpose, there is au-
thorized to be appropriated, and there is appro-
priated, out of funds in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, $125,000,000 for each of fiscal 
years 2021 through 2025.’’. 
(b) CONFORMING CHANGES.—Section 330 of the 
Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254b) is 
amended— 
(1) 
in 
subsection 
(c)(3)(B), 
by 
striking 
‘‘(k)(3)(J)’’ and inserting ‘‘(l)(3)(J)’’; 
(2) in subsection (e)(1)(B), by striking ‘‘(k)(3)’’ 
each place it appears and inserting ‘‘(l)(3)’’; 
(3) in subsection (l)(3)(H), as redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘or (p)’’ and inserting ‘‘or (q)’’; 
(4) in subsection (m), as redesignated— 
(A) by striking ‘‘(k)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘(l)(3)’’; 
and 
(B) by striking ‘‘(m)’’ and inserting ‘‘(n)’’; 
(5) in subsection (q), as redesignated, by strik-
ing ‘‘(k)(3)(G)’’ and inserting ‘‘(l)(3)(G)’’; 
(6) in subsection (s)(2)(A), as redesignated— 
(A) by striking ‘‘(k)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘(l)(3)’’; 
and 
(B) by striking ‘‘(k)(3)(H)’’ and inserting 
‘‘(l)(3)(H)’’; and 
(7) in subsection (s)(3)(I), as redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘(q)(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘(r)(4)’’. 
(c) TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS.— 
(1) Section 330(h)(5)(B) of the Public Health 
Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254b(h)(5)(B)) is amended 
by striking ‘‘substance abuse’’ each place it ap-
pears and inserting ‘‘substance use disorder’’. 
(2) Subclause (II) of subsection (l)(3)(E)(i), as 
redesignated, of section 330 of the Public Health 
Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254b) is amended by mov-
ing the indentation 2 ems to the left. 
SEC. 305. GRANTS FOR RESEARCH. 
Part P of title III of the Public Health Service 
Act (42 U.S.C. 280g et seq.) is amended by add-
ing at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 399V–7. GRANTS FOR RESEARCH ON PRE-
VENTION, AND CESSATION, OF THE 
USE OF TOBACCO PRODUCTS. 
‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall award 
grants to support— 
‘‘(1) research to develop and improve effective 
strategies for prevention, and cessation, of the 
use of tobacco products, including— 
‘‘(A) cessation of the use of flavored combus-
tible cigarettes, including menthol-flavored ciga-
rettes; 
‘‘(B) cessation of the use of e-cigarette prod-
ucts; and 
‘‘(C) prevention and cessation strategies tar-
geted toward youth; and 
‘‘(2) research to aid in the development of safe 
and effective tobacco cessation therapies, in-
cluding therapies appropriate for populations 
under the age of 18. 
‘‘(b) FUNDING.—To carry out this section, 
there is authorized to be appropriated, and 
there is appropriated, out of any funds in the 
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, $75,000,000 
for each of fiscal years 2021 through 2025.’’. 
TITLE IV—NICOTINE OR VAPING ACCESS 
PROTECTION AND ENFORCEMENT 
SEC. 401. INCREASING CIVIL PENALTIES APPLICA-
BLE TO CERTAIN VIOLATIONS OF RE-
STRICTIONS 
ON 
SALE 
AND 
DIS-
TRIBUTION OF TOBACCO PRODUCTS. 
(a) PENALTIES.—Subparagraph (A) of section 
103(q)(2) of the Family Smoking Prevention and 
Tobacco Control Act (21 U.S.C. 333 note) is 
amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—The amount of the civil 
penalty to be applied for violations of restric-
tions promulgated under section 906(d), as de-
scribed in paragraph (1), shall be as follows: 
‘‘(i) With respect to a retailer with an ap-
proved training program, the amount of the civil 
penalty shall not exceed— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:19 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00007
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.003
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 6-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1262 
February 28, 2020 
‘‘(I) in the case of the first violation, $0, to-
gether with the issuance of a warning letter to 
the retailer; 
‘‘(II) in the case of a second violation within 
a 12-month period, $500; 
‘‘(III) in the case of a third violation within 
a 24-month period, $1,000; 
‘‘(IV) in the case of a fourth violation within 
a 24-month period, $4,000; 
‘‘(V) in the case of a fifth violation within a 
36-month period, $10,000; and 
‘‘(VI) in the case of a sixth or subsequent vio-
lation within a 48-month period, $20,000 as de-
termined by the Secretary on a case-by-case 
basis. 
‘‘(ii) With respect to a retailer that does not 
have an approved training program, the amount 
of the civil penalty shall not exceed— 
‘‘(I) in the case of the first violation, $500; 
‘‘(II) in the case of a second violation within 
a 12-month period, $1,000; 
‘‘(III) in the case of a third violation within 
a 24-month period, $2,000; 
‘‘(IV) in the case of a fourth violation within 
a 24-month period, $4,000; 
‘‘(V) in the case of a fifth violation within a 
36-month period, $10,000; and 
‘‘(VI) in the case of a sixth or subsequent vio-
lation within a 48-month period, $20,000 as de-
termined by the Secretary on a case-by-case 
basis.’’. 
(b) APPLICABILITY.—The amendment made by 
subsection (a) applies with respect to a violation 
of a restriction promulgated under section 
906(d)(1) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cos-
metic Act (21 U.S.C. 387f(d)(1)), as described in 
section 103(q)(1) of the Family Smoking Preven-
tion and Tobacco Control Act (21 U.S.C. 333 
note), occurring on or after the day that is 6 
months after the date of enactment of this Act. 
The penalties specified in section 103(q)(2)(A) of 
the Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco 
Control Act (21 U.S.C. 333 note), as in effect on 
the day before the date of enactment of this Act, 
shall continue to apply to violations occurring 
before the day specified in the preceding sen-
tence. 
SEC. 402. STUDY AND REPORT ON E-CIGARETTES. 
Not later than 5 years after the date of enact-
ment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the 
United States shall— 
(1) complete a study on— 
(A) the relationship of e-cigarettes to tobacco 
cessation; 
(B) the perception of the harmful effects of e- 
cigarettes; and 
(C) the effects of secondhand exposure to 
smoke from e-cigarettes; and 
(2) submit to the Congress a report on the re-
sults of such study, including recommendations 
based on such results. 
TITLE V—EXCISE TAX ON NICOTINE USED 
IN VAPING, ETC. 
SEC. 501. IMPOSITION OF TAX ON NICOTINE FOR 
USE IN VAPING, ETC. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 5701 of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by redesig-
nating subsection (h) as subsection (i) and by 
inserting after subsection (g) the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(h) NICOTINE.—On taxable nicotine, manu-
factured in or imported into the United States, 
there shall be imposed a tax equal to the dollar 
amount specified in section 5701(b)(1) (or, if 
greater, $50.33) per 1,810 milligrams of nicotine 
(and a proportionate tax at the like rate on any 
fractional part thereof).’’. 
(b) TAXABLE NICOTINE.—Section 5702 of such 
Code is amended by adding at the end the fol-
lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(q) TAXABLE NICOTINE.— 
‘‘(1) IN
GENERAL.—Except as otherwise pro-
vided in this subsection, the term ‘taxable nico-
tine’ means any nicotine which has been ex-
tracted, concentrated, or synthesized. 
‘‘(2) EXCEPTION FOR PRODUCTS APPROVED BY 
FOOD
AND
DRUG
ADMINISTRATION.—Such term 
shall not include any nicotine if the manufac-
turer or importer thereof demonstrates to the 
satisfaction of the Secretary of Health and 
Human Services that such nicotine will be used 
in— 
‘‘(A) a drug— 
‘‘(i) that is approved under section 505 of the 
Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act or li-
censed under section 351 of the Public Health 
Service Act; or 
‘‘(ii) for which an investigational use exemp-
tion has been authorized under section 505(i) of 
the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act or 
under section 351(a) of the Public Health Service 
Act; or 
‘‘(B) a combination product (as described in 
section 503(g) of the Federal Food, Drug, and 
Cosmetic Act), the constituent parts of which 
were approved or cleared under section 505, 
510(k), or 515 of such Act. 
‘‘(3) COORDINATION WITH TAXATION OF OTHER 
TOBACCO PRODUCTS.—Cigars, cigarettes, smoke-
less tobacco, pipe tobacco, and roll-your-own to-
bacco shall not be treated as containing taxable 
nicotine solely because the nicotine naturally 
occurring in the tobacco from which such prod-
uct is manufactured has been concentrated dur-
ing the ordinary course of manufacturing.’’. 
(c) TAXABLE NICOTINE TREATED AS A TOBACCO 
PRODUCT.—Section 5702(c) of such Code is 
amended by striking ‘‘and roll-your-own to-
bacco’’ and inserting ‘‘roll-your-own tobacco, 
and taxable nicotine’’. 
(d) MANUFACTURER OF TAXABLE NICOTINE.— 
Section 5702 of such Code, as amended by sub-
section (b), is further amended by adding at the 
end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(r) MANUFACTURER OF TAXABLE NICOTINE.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—Any person who extracts, 
concentrates, or synthesizes nicotine shall be 
treated as a manufacturer of taxable nicotine 
(and as manufacturing such taxable nicotine). 
‘‘(2) APPLICATION OF RULES RELATED TO MAN-
UFACTURERS OF TOBACCO PRODUCTS.—Any ref-
erence to a manufacturer of tobacco products, or 
to manufacturing tobacco products, shall be 
treated as including a reference to a manufac-
turer of taxable nicotine, or to manufacturing 
taxable nicotine, respectively.’’. 
(e) EFFECTIVE DATE.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—The amendments made by 
this section shall apply to articles manufactured 
or imported in calendar quarters beginning more 
than 90 days after the date of the enactment of 
this Act. 
(2) TRANSITION RULE FOR PERMIT AND BOND 
REQUIREMENTS.—A person which is lawfully en-
gaged in business as a manufacturer or importer 
of taxable nicotine (within the meaning of sub-
chapter A of chapter 52 of the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended by this section) on the 
date of the enactment of this Act, first becomes 
subject to the requirements of subchapter B of 
chapter 52 of such Code by reason of the amend-
ments made by this section, and submits an ap-
plication under such subchapter B to engage in 
such business not later than 90 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, shall not be 
denied the right to carry on such business by 
reason of such requirements before final action 
on such application. 
TITLE VI—FURTHER HEALTH 
INVESTMENTS 
SEC. 601. WAIVING MEDICARE COINSURANCE FOR 
COLORECTAL CANCER SCREENING 
TESTS. 
Section 1833(a) of the Social Security Act (42 
U.S.C. 1395l(a)) is amended— 
(1) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘sec-
tion 1834(0)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1834(o)’’; 
(2) by moving such second sentence 2 ems to 
the left; and 
(3) by inserting the following third sentence 
following such second sentence: ‘‘For services 
furnished on or after January 1, 2024, para-
graph (1)(Y) shall apply with respect to a 
colorectal cancer screening test regardless of the 
code that is billed for the establishment of a di-
agnosis as a result of the test, or for the removal 
of tissue or other matter or other procedure that 
is furnished in connection with, as a result of, 
and in the same clinical encounter as the 
screening test.’’. 
SEC. 602. SAFE HARBOR FOR HIGH DEDUCTIBLE 
HEALTH PLANS WITHOUT DEDUCT-
IBLE FOR CERTAIN INHALERS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 223(c)(2)(C) of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘for preventive care’’ and in-
serting ‘‘for one or more of the following: 
‘‘(i) Preventive care’’, and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
clause: 
‘‘(ii) Inhalers or nebulizers for treatment of 
any chronic lung disease (and any medicine or 
drug which is delivered through such inhaler or 
nebulizer for treatment of such disease).’’. 
(b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT.—The heading 
for section 223(c)(2)(C) of such Code is amended 
by striking ‘‘PREVENTIVE CARE DEDUCTIBLE’’ and 
inserting ‘‘CERTAIN DEDUCTIBLES’’. 
(c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by this section shall apply to months beginning 
after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill, 
as amended, shall be debatable for 90 
minutes equally divided and controlled 
by the chair and the ranking minority 
member of the Committee on Energy 
and Commerce and the Committee on 
Ways and Means. 
The gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. 
PALLONE), the gentleman from Oregon 
(Mr. WALDEN), the gentleman from 
Massachusetts (Mr. NEAL), and the gen-
tleman from Texas (Mr. BRADY) each 
will control 221⁄2 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New Jersey. 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Madam Speaker, I am pleased to 
speak in support of H.R. 2339. This bill 
provides a comprehensive approach to 
address the youth tobacco epidemic 
that has unfolded before our eyes in re-
cent years. 
The numbers are disturbing. About 
6.2 million American middle and high 
school students used some type of to-
bacco product last year, and one in 
every three high school students have 
used a tobacco product in the last 30 
days. These numbers should alarm us 
all, especially as we have worked so 
hard and invested so much to ensure 
the next generation doesn’t face the 
same type of tobacco-related disease 
and death as those that have preceded 
them. 
It is clear the tobacco industry has 
employed the same tactics that they 
have used for decades to hook young 
people on new versions of their prod-
ucts in order to generate new cus-
tomers that will be addicted for life. E- 
cigarette manufacturers like Juul have 
used slick product designs, glossy ad-
visements, and sweet flavors to appeal 
to kids. The rapid rise of products like 
these have reversed the progress we 
have made in slowing youth tobacco 
use. 
In fact, the Centers for Disease Con-
trol and Prevention found that e-ciga-
rette use by high school students has 
increased by 78 percent between 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:19 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00008
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.003
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 7-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1263 
February 28, 2020 
and 2018. Young people have said that 
kid-friendly flavors like bubble gum, 
chocolate, cotton candy, and mango 
are the driving force behind why they 
say they began using e-cigarettes in 
the first place. 
There is also evidence that kids per-
ceive flavored tobacco products to be 
less harmful than nonflavored alter-
natives. And flavors mask the harsh-
ness and flavor of the tobacco, causing 
young and adult smokers to smoke 
more, not less. 
But e-cigarettes are not the only con-
tributor to the youth tobacco epi-
demic. Research has shown that men-
thol-flavored cigarettes have contrib-
uted to the increased number of young 
people smoking. In 2019, nearly half of 
middle and high school students who 
were currently smoking used menthol 
cigarettes. 
Congressional action is necessary 
today because President Trump broke 
his promise to clear the market of fla-
vored e-cigarettes. The administra-
tion’s proposal created giant loopholes, 
leaving a myriad of disposable and 
open tank e-cigarette systems on the 
market that continue to attract kids, 
as well as menthol-flavored products. 
While it is important for us to in-
crease the minimum age to purchase 
tobacco products from age 18 to 21, 
which we did, the surge in youth to-
bacco usage cannot be reversed just by 
increasing the age alone. In order to 
fully combat this crisis, we need a 
multipronged approach that tackles all 
of the reasons and ways that kids are 
using these products, and H.R. 2339 is 
the solution that we need. 
This bill prohibits all flavors that are 
so popular among kids. It updates and 
extends existing marketing and adver-
tising restrictions for combustible to-
bacco products to all tobacco products, 
including e-cigarettes. It restricts the 
purchase of most tobacco products to 
only face-to-face settings and makes it 
explicitly unlawful to market, adver-
tise, or promote any e-cigarette prod-
uct to individuals under the age of 21. 
It also invests $2 billion in Federal re-
sources in cessation support prevention 
in medically underserved populations, 
including racial and ethnic minorities, 
supplying tobacco cessation therapies 
and counseling in community health 
centers, and funding new strategies for 
cessation of menthol tobacco products. 
We are proud to have the support of 
more than 100 organizations, including 
the Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids, 
the American Lung Association, the 
American Academy of Pediatrics, the 
American 
Heart 
Association, 
the 
American Cancer Society, the NAACP, 
and the National Medical Association. 
Madam Speaker, we have to take de-
cisive action in order to prevent losing 
the next generation of our kids to a 
lifetime of nicotine addiction. We have 
to pass this bill, and I urge all of my 
colleagues to join us in supporting the 
legislation. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time 
Mr. WALDEN. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Madam Speaker, my colleague from 
the Energy and Commerce Committee 
and I do disagree on this bill. 
Every Member in this Chamber is 
concerned, and rightfully so, about the 
rise in youth tobacco use. We all know 
this: Smoking is harmful, and we must 
do what we can to prevent use by chil-
dren and adolescents. 
This is a goal that we share as Re-
publicans and Democrats and with 
President Trump, which is why we 
have worked together to address the 
increase in youth tobacco use by mak-
ing it illegal for anybody under the age 
of 21 to buy these products. We have 
done that together. We have passed 
that. It is now law. 
The use of traditional tobacco prod-
ucts by children has actually declined 
over the last decade. In fact, the surge 
in tobacco use in recent years has been 
caused by one thing, and that is the 
emerging popularity of e-cigarettes, 
vaping. The use of e-cigarettes in-
creased from 3.6 million youth users in 
2018 to 5.4 million last year. That in-
crease is truly alarming. But that is 
not what this bill addresses. 
We addressed youth vaping when we 
raised the age to 21 to be able to buy 
these tobacco products. Most children 
were acquiring e-cigarettes through so-
cial sourcing. So, what does that 
mean? This occurs in high schools 
where kids who are over 18 at that time 
would acquire the products and then 
resell them to kids who were under 18. 
That is what was going on. By moving 
the legal age to 21, we have closed that 
loophole. 
We unanimously passed legislation 
requiring online retailers to verify age 
at the time of sale and delivery. That 
bill is still awaiting the Senate’s ac-
tion, but I think it demonstrates that 
we did come together in a bipartisan 
way to address this problem. 
Now the legislation before us goes 
much further than most of us can sup-
port, because what it does is make 
legal products for adults illegal. Now, I 
am not a smoker, I am not a chewer, I 
don’t do any of that stuff, but I know 
a lot of people who do. And they use 
these products as adults, and these fla-
vored products will be banned under 
this law. So if you do chew, if you do 
smoke, if you use these menthol ciga-
rettes or menthol chew or something, 
and you are an adult, this legal product 
today will be illegal if this bill were to 
become law. 
Now, meanwhile, the majority Demo-
crats have refused to address another 
issue that is a big problem in my com-
munities and my schools. Marijuana- 
based products can still be flavored, 
and they are not covered by this legis-
lation. Now, they will say, oh, that is 
illegal in America anyway. Well, we all 
know states like Oregon and others 
that have passed these rules, nobody is 
enforcing the law against marijuana, it 
is Federal. 
But what we do have is literally 
products named CannaKids grape fla-
vor. Another one over here CannaKids. 
This is what is happening. They are 
using these products mixed with ace-
tate vitamin E oil to cut it with can-
nabis products, THC products, and they 
are vaping those. That is left out of 
this legislation. So you can’t go to the 
store and get your snuff and chew that 
or whatever you do with it if it is men-
thol, but you can still go to the pot 
store and get this. That makes no 
sense to me. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman 
from New York (Ms. CLARKE), the vice 
chair of our committee. 
Ms. CLARKE of New York. Madam 
Speaker, I thank the gentleman for 
yielding me time to address this very 
important issue. 
I rise today in the best interests of 
the 
American 
people, 
the 
African 
American community, and my con-
stituents. 
I include in the RECORD this letter 
from the ACLU about the concerns of 
H.R. 2339, Reversing the Youth and To-
bacco Epidemic Act. 
FEBRUARY 27, 2020. 
Re Coalition Concerns with Blanket Prohibi-
tion on Menthol and Other Flavored To-
bacco within H.R. 2339, Reversing the 
Youth Tobacco Epidemic Act. 
Hon. FRANK PALLONE, 
Chairman, House Committee on Energy and 
Commerce, Washington, DC. 
The undersigned civil rights and civil lib-
erties organizations write to express con-
cerns with a broad prohibition on menthol 
and other flavored tobacco products within 
H.R. 2339, the Reversing the Youth Tobacco 
Epidemic Act of 2019. While this legislation 
is a well-intended effort to address health 
issues associated with tobacco use among 
youth, we have concerns that a blanket pro-
hibition on menthol and other flavored to-
bacco products, which will apply to adults, 
will (1) disproportionately impact people and 
communities of color; (2) trigger criminal 
penalties, prioritizing criminalization over 
public health and harm reduction; and (3) in-
stigate unconstitutional policing and other 
negative interactions with local law enforce-
ment. 
I. H.R. 2339 DISPROPORTIONATELY IMPACTS 
PEOPLE AND COMMUNITIES OF COLOR 
Of adults, approximately 80 percent of 
Blacks and 35 percent of Latinx who choose 
to smoke prefer menthol cigarettes. Thus, 
any ban on menthol cigarettes will dis-
proportionately affect people of color. While 
H.R. 2339 and similar legislation are often 
motivated by the desire to decrease and 
eliminate smoking among certain popu-
lations, Blacks and other people of color 
should not disproportionately bear the brunt 
of enforcement of such prohibitions, which a 
menthol ban would ensure. 
Similarly, enforcement of a ban on fla-
vored cigars will also disproportionally im-
pact people of color given cigar preferences. 
Black adults are 60% of cigarillo and nonpre-
mium cigar smokers, with these products 
often flavored. Additionally, at Committee 
markup, H.R. 2339 was amended to exempt 
certain traditional, expensive cigars from a 
prohibition of online tobacco sales. There is 
no justification for differentiating a La 
Palina from a Black and Mild. Making this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:19 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00009
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K28FE7.008
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 8-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1264 
February 28, 2020 
distinction undermines the public health ar-
guments made for this bill and suggests that 
some tobacco preferences, within certain 
communities, will be prioritized and pro-
tected over others. 
II. H.R. 2339 INCREASES CRIMINAL PENALTIES 
OVER PUBLIC HEALTH 
H.R. 2339 prohibits menthol and other fla-
vored tobacco products under the Food, 
Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FD&C Act). This 
prohibition criminalizes the manufacturing, 
importing, distributing, or selling of men-
thol and other flavored tobacco products 
under the FD&C Act, imposing up to three 
years of imprisonment. Violating a menthol 
and flavored tobacco ban would implicate 
other federal criminal penalties as well. For 
example, the Federal Cigarette Contraband 
Trafficking Act would be implicated, allow-
ing up to five years of imprisonment. 
With a criminal legal system that incar-
cerates Blacks at nearly six times the rate of 
white Americans and a prison population 
that is 67 percent Black and Latinx, any pro-
hibition on menthol and flavored tobacco 
products promises continued overcriminal-
ization and mass incarceration of people of 
color. A ban on menthol and flavored to-
bacco products could reintroduce many of 
the harms imposed by the failed war on 
drugs as lawmakers work to legalize can-
nabis and take a public health approach to 
opioids. A bill criminalizing tobacco is con-
trary to those efforts. Righting the wrongs of 
earlier failed drug policy requires consider-
ation of the unintended consequences of 
well-intentioned policies, especially on the 
most vulnerable communities. It also re-
quires us to remember that harm reduction, 
including education and counseling, are what 
work to reduce usage and harm in our soci-
ety, not prohibition. 
III. H.R. 2339 ENCOURAGES HARMFUL POLICE 
PRACTICES 
Recent history shows us that drug prohibi-
tions and bans increase negative interactions 
between law enforcement and people of 
color. The New York Police Department’s 
(NYPD) stop and frisk program resulted in 
nearly 700,000 stops in 2011, with drugs serv-
ing as the alleged pretext for most of those 
stops. Ninety percent of those stops were of 
Black and Latinx people. We are concerned 
that law enforcement’s attempts to enforce a 
menthol and flavored tobacco ban will un-
doubtedly lead to fines, arrests, and eventual 
incarceration for those who continue to use 
and sell menthol and flavored tobacco prod-
ucts. While the legislation was amended at 
Committee to try to minimize law enforce-
ment practices here, it only applies in the 
context of federal enforcement of the FD&C 
Act; it does not govern local enforcement 
around any state and city prohibition poli-
cies that will follow. 
The death of Eric Garner in 2014 generated 
national attention not only for the brutality 
he experienced at the hands of NYPD police, 
but for the reason that led to the encounter 
with law enforcement. Mr. Garner died from 
an illegal chokehold having been stopped by 
police for selling single cigarettes in viola-
tion of state law. Gwendolyn Carr, Eric Gar-
ner’s mother, cautions: ‘‘When you ban a 
product sold mostly in Black communities, 
you must consider the reality of what will 
happen to that very same overrepresented 
community in the criminal justice system.’’ 
With a federal prohibition on menthol and 
flavored tobacco products, states will de-
velop their own prohibition and enforcement 
policies that could result in harmful police 
practices like that witnessed with Mr. Gar-
ner. 
Based on our concerns, we urge you to not 
impose a blanket ban on menthol and related 
tobacco products. A prohibition on all men-
thol and flavored tobacco products will not 
achieve a public heath goal of reducing 
smoking among Black people, young people, 
or others. We hope we can work together to 
avoid repetitions of policies that are in-
tended to protect youth and communities of 
color, but instead only further engrain sys-
temic criminalization and racism. 
Sincerely, 
American Civil Liberties Union, Center for 
Popular Democracy, Drug Policy Alliance, 
Friends Committee on National Legislation, 
Law Enforcement Action Partnership, Na-
tional Action Network, National Association 
of Criminal Defense Lawyers. 
b 0930 
Ms. CLARKE of New York. While it 
is indeed a health imperative to reduce 
and eliminate the use of tobacco prod-
ucts in our society, I would like to rec-
ognize the inequity, potential harm, 
and unintended consequences of a ban 
on menthol combustible products with-
in the Reversing the Youth Tobacco 
Epidemic Act. 
This bill’s purpose is to curb youth 
tobacco usage by banning flavored to-
bacco products, more specifically end-
ing the scourge of youth vaping in our 
Nation and the flavored products used 
to attract young people to its use. 
However, this legislation has dire, 
unintended consequences for African 
American users, the overwhelming ma-
jority of which are over the age of 21. 
It does not treat all flavored tobacco 
products equally, exempting premium 
cigars preferred by White smokers, yet 
banning menthol cigarettes. Menthol is 
the preferred flavor of African Amer-
ican tobacco users, used by 90 percent 
of Black tobacco users. 
While I would love to assume the best 
intentions of all parties of this legisla-
tion and hope for the best in regard to 
law enforcement, lived experiences de-
mand caution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield an additional 30 seconds to the 
gentlewoman. 
Ms. CLARKE of New York. Madam 
Speaker, as a result of this asymmetric 
ban, law enforcement would have an 
additional reason to stop and frisk 
menthol tobacco users because men-
thol would be considered illegal under 
this ban. 
Having said that, I cannot support 
H.R. 2339 due to the potentially dire 
consequences that would create addi-
tional stop and frisk opportunities of 
African Americans and the constitu-
ents I took an oath to protect. 
I really believe that this is a health 
imperative, and if that is the case, the 
ban should be on all tobacco products 
and would be the best answer. Unfortu-
nately, this bill does not do that. 
Mr. WALDEN. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Madam Speaker, I commend my col-
league for her comments and putting 
this letter into the RECORD. She is ab-
solutely right, according to the ACLU, 
the National Association of Social 
Workers, the Law Enforcement Action 
Partnership. They say in this letter: 
‘‘Any ban on menthol cigarettes will 
disproportionately 
affect 
people 
of 
color.’’ 
They go on to talk about how other 
criminal laws will be affected under 
this act, including those that could 
lead, their concern, to the sort of stop 
and frisk that occurred in New York in 
the Eric Garner case that they cite in 
this letter. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to 
the gentleman from Texas (Mr. FLO-
RES). 
Mr. FLORES. Madam Speaker, I 
thank Mr. WALDEN for yielding. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in strong op-
position to H.R. 2339, a bill that bans 
all flavors of all tobacco products while 
imposing a new excise tax on vaping 
products. 
Let me start by saying this: I don’t 
smoke. I don’t chew. I don’t vape. And 
I don’t dip. But I do represent adult 
constituents who do. 
Bills like this make it clear that 
House Democrats are more interested 
in placing partisan politics over real 
solutions. 
Since 2011, the share of high school 
students who say they have smoked 
cigarettes recently has fallen from 16 
percent to 6 percent. More than 2.5 mil-
lion U.S. adult smokers have quit 
smoking by switching to e-cigarettes, 
and many rely on flavored e-liquids. 
If flavored e-cigarettes are outright 
banned and e-cigarettes have increased 
taxes, as this bill does, many of these 
ex-smokers will return to traditional 
cigarettes while others will be forced 
into the dangerous e-cigarette black 
market that this legislation creates. 
Let’s be clear: Science proves that e- 
cigarettes are safer than traditional 
smoking. 
Both Congress and President Trump 
have taken important steps to address 
the youth vaping epidemic. Unfortu-
nately, today’s legislation has nothing 
to do with the youth vaping epidemic 
and would instead eliminate consumer 
choice 
for 
millions 
of 
law-abiding 
adults. 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman 
from Minnesota (Ms. Craig). 
Ms. CRAIG. Madam Speaker, I thank 
the chairman for his time and espe-
cially for his leadership on this issue. 
The tobacco industry has targeted 
our kids for too long, and we have a 
moral responsibility to act. E-cigarette 
usage among middle and high school 
students is a public health crisis. The 
industry’s targeting of our children has 
resulted in the highest rate of tobacco 
usage in 20 years as a new generation is 
addicted to nicotine. 
It is all disguised by the 15,000 fla-
vors, like mint, mango, and cotton 
candy, developed to cover up the un-
pleasant harshness affiliated with to-
bacco use. 
This is absolutely unacceptable. As a 
mother, I have survived middle school 
four times with four sons, and three 
have now finished high school. I have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:19 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00010
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.013
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 9-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1265 
February 28, 2020 
seen how rampant and widespread 
vaping has become in our Nation’s 
schools. Parents and schools need our 
help. 
Madam Speaker, my colleagues and I 
must stand up to the industries respon-
sible for this epidemic. Public health— 
more 
importantly, 
our 
children’s 
health—depends on it. 
Madam Speaker, I strongly support 
and urge my colleagues to support this 
bill. 
Mr. WALDEN. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 21⁄2
minutes to the gentleman 
from North Carolina (Mr. HUDSON), a 
distinguished member of the Energy 
and Commerce Committee. 
Mr. HUDSON. Madam Speaker, we 
have a crisis of youth vaping, and we 
have seen a disturbing number of lung 
injuries and deaths tied to the oil used 
in marijuana vaping, but this bill does 
nothing to impact either. In fact, Re-
publicans offered an amendment in 
committee to ban flavored marijuana 
vaping, the root cause of lung injuries 
and deaths, and every single Democrat 
voted ‘‘no.’’ 
The fact is, working with President 
Trump, 
this 
Congress 
has 
already 
taken major bipartisan actions to com-
bat the youth vaping epidemic. We 
have already raised the age to purchase 
tobacco products to 21; the President 
banned flavors in e-cigarettes; and the 
House passed legislation to require an 
ID check at every tobacco point of sale. 
Clearly, there is bipartisan support 
on this issue. Unfortunately, this is not 
what we are voting on today. 
The bill before us today is a partisan 
publicity stunt. This bill is not about 
youth vaping. This bill is the worst ex-
ample of Big Brother, liberal elites 
telling the rest of us how to live our 
lives. 
They say tobacco vaping, a safer al-
ternative to smoking, is bad, but mari-
juana vaping, the root cause of injury 
and death, is okay. 
The $100 cigars that their liberal elite 
campaign donors smoke, those are 
okay, but cheaper cigars and menthol 
cigarettes smoked by working men and 
women in this country, those would be 
banned. 
You can vape flavored marijuana in 
San Francisco, but they are going to 
take away your flavored dip in Scran-
ton. 
Let’s set aside this partisan over-
reach and continue to work together to 
solve this crisis, to deal with the real 
root causes. 
This is not a public health response 
to an epidemic. It is Big Government, 
liberal elites telling adults what they 
can and cannot do. 
Madam Speaker, I urge my col-
leagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman 
from Illinois (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY), who 
chairs our Consumer Protection and 
Commerce Subcommittee. 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Madam Speaker, 
I thank the chairman for yielding. 
This certainly is an issue of con-
sumer protection. 
I rise in support of this bill so that 
we can take action to end the youth to-
bacco epidemic before it claims any 
more lives. 
Prohibiting 
flavors 
that 
attract 
youngsters across the board, we need 
to eliminate these flavors that are 
really the thing that attracts them the 
most. We can take that step to ensure 
that more youth do not get addicted to 
nicotine and tobacco. 
In addition to fruity flavors, menthol 
plays a significant role in attracting 
kids to cigarettes. By cooling and 
numbing the throat, menthol makes it 
easier to hook kids on smoking. Over 
half of all youth who smoke cigarettes 
smoke menthol cigarettes, compared 
to less than one-third of adult smokers. 
The NAACP, the National Medical 
Association, the Black Women’s Health 
Imperative, and many other organiza-
tions are supporting this legislation 
and voicing their approval of the legis-
lation. 
There is no public health justifica-
tion for removing menthol tobacco 
products from the flavor prohibition in 
this bill. 
Big Tobacco is trying to divert our 
attention from that by raising ques-
tions of criminal justice that we have 
gone above and beyond to protect 
against in this bill. 
We don’t want to create a whole new 
generation of people addicted to nico-
tine; that is the intention of the to-
bacco industry. 
Let’s keep our focus and pass this 
legislation for our kids. 
Mr. WALDEN. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
I want to point out again that if you 
want to do something about kids, if 
you want to do something about lung 
disease, then we need to do something 
about marijuana and the oils it gets 
mixed with that this bill does not ad-
dress. 
These 
are 
literally 
named 
CannaKids—CannaKids, flavors. What 
does this one say? Liquid Black Cherry, 
DOPE. 
They voted that down when we tried 
to put this in the bill to ban it. If you 
are going to ban something, let’s ban 
something kids are using. But, no, we 
let the marijuana products go forward. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to 
the 
gentleman 
from 
Georgia 
(Mr. 
ALLEN). 
Mr. ALLEN. Madam Speaker, we all 
agree that the current youth vaping 
trend is cause for concern, and we must 
evaluate strategies to prevent young 
people from using e-cigarettes and to-
bacco products. But this bill does noth-
ing to address the youth vaping epi-
demic or the use of illicit products that 
have been linked to the outbreak of 
lung illnesses as just described by our 
ranking member. 
That is why this body has taken 
steps to address this issue, including 
passing legislation to raise the min-
imum age to buy tobacco products 
from 18 to 21. 
But the flavored tobacco ban and ex-
cise tax increase act is a textbook ex-
ample of Federal overreach. H.R. 2339 
would instead ban all flavors for all to-
bacco products and impose a new excise 
tax on nicotine used in vaping. 
I find it confusing that many of my 
colleagues who support banning these 
tobacco products also support legal-
izing marijuana. Where is the common 
sense in this House? 
Instead of putting a partisan, over-
reaching bill on the floor, Democrats 
should work with Republicans on bi-
partisan solutions that actually ad-
dress the youth vaping epidemic that 
we are going to talk about here prob-
ably the entire time we are debating 
this issue. 
Mr. WALDEN. Madam Speaker, I 
would inquire how much time is re-
maining on each side. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN) has 
13 minutes remaining. The gentleman 
from New Jersey (Mr. PALLONE) has 14 
minutes remaining. 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I 
want to say that Ms. PELOSI has been 
so much out front on trying to move 
this bill and always thinks of herself as 
a mom or, as she says, a grandmother 
first, and that is why she so cares 
about the children. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to 
the gentlewoman from California (Ms. 
PELOSI), our Speaker. 
Ms. 
PELOSI. 
Madam 
Speaker, 
I 
thank the gentleman for yielding, for 
his kind words about calling me a 
mom, as that is the greatest thrill of 
my life, now grandmother as well. 
I very much thank the chairman, Mr. 
PALLONE, for his leadership in bringing 
this legislation to the floor. It is so im-
portant for our children. 
Madam Speaker, to Mr. RICHARD 
NEAL, I thank him for the role that the 
Ways and Means Committee played in 
this as well. I want to acknowledge and 
thank Mr. TOM SUOZZI for the work 
that he did on the tax piece in here, 
and also DONNA SHALALA, who knows 
so much about this subject in so many 
capacities that she has served our gov-
ernment and our children, as well as 
KAREN BASS, the chair of the Congres-
sional Black Caucus. 
When people ask me what are the 
three most important issues facing 
Congress, now for 30 years or so in Con-
gress, I have always said the same 
thing: our children, our children, our 
children; their health; their education; 
the economic security of their families; 
a safe, clean environment in which 
they can thrive; a world at peace in 
which they can reach their fulfillment. 
b 0945 
It is all about the children. It is all 
about their future. 
Today, I rise to join my colleagues to 
take urgently needed action to con-
front the growing youth tobacco crisis, 
which is, in the words of the U.S. Sur-
geon General, an ‘‘epidemic.’’ 
This is legislation to protect our 
children, and I thank Mr. PALLONE and 
Mr. NEAL for their leadership here. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:32 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00011
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K28FE7.010
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 10-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1266 
February 28, 2020 
Today, corporations are waging a 
brazen special interest campaign to ad-
dict our children to e-cigarettes. Last 
year, more than 5 million middle 
school and high school students were 
using e-cigarettes, up from 3.6 million 
just last year, and more than 3 million 
more than 2 years ago, according to the 
Centers for Disease Control. Nearly 1 
million children are using e-cigarettes 
every day. 
Earlier today, we all met Abby, a 
high school student from Kentucky, 
and several other students, parents, 
and teachers who shared their stories. 
Abby spoke about how she was just a 
freshman—she is 15 now, but she was 
just a freshman when her friends of-
fered her an e-cigarette at her first 
high school football game. 
She quickly became addicted and 
started spending birthday money and 
babysitting cash to pay for e-cigarettes 
that older friends in high school would 
buy. She tried to quit, but headaches 
and other painful symptoms of with-
drawal prevented her. Only when her 
supply was cut off was she able to stop. 
Abby said that she never would have 
tried a traditional cigarette, which she 
and her peers considered ‘‘harmful and 
disgusting,’’ but they just did not know 
the facts about e-cigarettes, which Big 
Tobacco had designed to specifically 
target and addict millions of young 
people like her. 
Youth tobacco use is a serious public 
health crisis that is endangering young 
people like Abby. 
Today, I also met with the pediatri-
cian Dr. Falusi, representing 67,000 pe-
diatricians, members of the American 
Academy of Pediatrics. This is what 
Dr. Falusi said: ‘‘The teenage brain is 
still developing, and symptoms of de-
pendence can appear within days of 
first use. These products quickly de-
liver high levels of nicotine, so addic-
tion can happen fast. Adolescents often 
have 
no 
idea 
how 
much 
nicotine 
they’re getting from each hit. 
‘‘In the short term, we’ve seen com-
promised lung function and asthma ex-
acerbations as well as seizures and res-
piratory distress, but we still don’t 
know the long-term health effects of e- 
cigarette use. That should alarm us 
all.’’ 
Dr. Falusi went on to say: ‘‘Pediatri-
cians have seen this addiction in our 
own patients. We receive frantic calls 
from parents whose children don’t 
know how to stop using. We’ve even 
heard of teens who sleep with the e-cig-
arette under their pillow at night be-
cause they’’ want to use them as soon 
as they wake up to vape. 
We also heard from our distinguished 
colleague, Mr. RUIZ, who will be speak-
ing—so I won’t quote him—and Dr. 
SCHRIER, 
the 
Congresswoman 
from 
Washington 
State, 
a 
pediatrician, 
speaking on this subject. 
With this bill, we are protecting the 
health of millions of young people who 
are at risk from Big Tobacco’s deadly 
products. 
Most importantly, this bill blocks 
the manufacture and sale of all fla-
vored tobacco products, including fla-
vored e-cigarettes. Studies show that 7 
out of 10 users of e-cigarettes do so be-
cause they come in flavors like gummy 
bear and mango. 
This ban also covers menthol ciga-
rettes—which more than half of youth 
smokers and 7 in 10 African American 
youth smokers smoke. 
This bill, therefore, helps ensure jus-
tice and reduces health disparities. The 
National Medical Association, the asso-
ciation for African American doctors; 
NAACP; National Black Nurses Asso-
ciation; 
African 
American 
Tobacco 
Control Leadership Council; Associa-
tion of Black Cardiologists; Black 
Women’s Health Imperative; and many 
other associations have put out this 
call for action from this Congress. 
They said: ‘‘Today, the tobacco in-
dustry is using e-cigarettes to hook a 
new generation with flavors like bubble 
gum, mint, mango—and menthol. It’s a 
public health crisis affecting over 5.3 
million kids.’’ 
‘‘Congress,’’ it says, ‘‘End the sale of 
all flavored tobacco products, includ-
ing menthol cigarettes and flavored e- 
cigarettes. Support H.R. 2339 to protect 
our kids.’’ 
Again, that is from the NAACP, Na-
tional Black Nurses Association, Na-
tional 
Medical 
Association, 
Black 
Women’s Health Imperative, Associa-
tion of Black Cardiologists, and the Af-
rican American Tobacco Control Lead-
ership Council. 
Madam Speaker, they joined scores 
of other organizations who are rep-
resenting communities of color and 
otherwise. 
I include in the RECORD a flyer from 
the Tobacco-Free Kids Action Fund. 
BIG TOBACCO HAS NO PROBLEM TARGETING 
AFRICAN AMERICAN COMMUNITIES 
BUT CONGRESS SHOULD HAVE A PROBLEM WITH 
IT 
For decades, Big Tobacco has targeted Af-
rican Americans with menthol cigarettes, 
with 
devastating 
consequences. 
Menthol 
cigarettes have addicted generations of Afri-
can Americans, resulting in high death rates 
from lung cancer, heart disease, stroke and 
other smoking-related illnesses. Seven out of 
ten African American youth smokers smoke 
menthol, making them more likely to be-
come addicted smokers. 
Today, the tobacco industry is using e- 
cigarettes to hook a new generation with fla-
vors like bubble gum, mint, mango—and 
menthol. It’s a public health crisis affecting 
over 5.3 million kids. 
Congress: End the sale of all flavored to-
bacco products, including menthol cigarettes 
and flavored e-cigarettes. Support H.R. 2339 
to protect out kids. 
Paid for by Tobacco-Free Kids Action Fund 
Ms. PELOSI. Madam Speaker, the 
bill protects our communities with 
other strong steps, including prohib-
iting companies from marketing e- 
cigarettes to youth under age 21. Nine-
ty-five percent of adult smokers start 
before age 21, and those who do not 
begin smoking by their early twenties 
are unlikely to start. 
Group after group is demanding ac-
tion. More than 75 organizations—from 
the American Academy of Pediatrics to 
the American Federation of Teachers, 
to the National Association of School 
Nurses, to the Society of Thoracic Sur-
geons—recently wrote: ‘‘This legisla-
tion will address the current youth e- 
cigarette epidemic that is undermining 
the progress made in reducing youth 
tobacco use.’’ 
We had all of the tobacco-free kids 
there lined up in their T-shirts. These 
little children know better than some 
of us in this Chamber how dangerous 
these e-cigarettes are to our young 
children, especially those in middle 
school who are so very young and that 
we see evidence of. 
Now, let me just say, in our own 
community in San Francisco, Juul 
came in with a proposal, and they were 
selling it as if this is the way we are 
going to stop young children from 
smoking. We are going to have them 
smoke e-cigarettes, and we are going to 
do this and that. It was a total fraudu-
lent campaign. Some of us just stepped 
forward and said: This is wrong. 
But I wish some of you could see the 
ads that they sent to our homes, as if 
they were the saviors of children in-
stead of the addictors of children, put-
ting them on a path to tobacco use. 
So there is a lot of money involved 
here from the tobacco industry, and we 
have to weigh the equities in favor of 
children and not in favor of profits for 
the tobacco industry for a long time to 
come. 
Madam Speaker, I urge our col-
leagues to vote for this legislation. We 
cannot stand by while tobacco compa-
nies entice a new generation of young 
people into a lifetime of nicotine addic-
tion and preventable death. 
Congress must act for young people 
like Abby and millions of others ex-
posed to the scourge of tobacco. I urge 
a strong bipartisan vote. I thank so 
many of our Members who have taken 
the lead on protecting our children, our 
children, our children. 
Mr. WALDEN. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Madam Speaker, I just want to point 
out the administration, in their opposi-
tion to this legislation, reminds us 
that, in January of 2020, the adminis-
tration issued guidance to prioritize 
enforcement against the unauthorized 
marketing of certain vaping products 
to youth. 
The FDA is conducting regular sur-
veillance and, when appropriate, tak-
ing 
enforcement 
measures 
against 
websites, social media, and other publi-
cations that advertise regulated to-
bacco products. 
And the Speaker knows, the Presi-
dent signed into law the ban against 
these products being sold to anyone 21 
and under. So we agree that it is about 
the children. We believe Congress has 
acted in this measure. This bill is 
about adults. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 11⁄2 minutes 
to the gentlewoman from North Caro-
lina (Ms. FOXX), the top Republican on 
the Education and Labor Committee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:40 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00012
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K28FE7.013
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 11-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1267 
February 28, 2020 
Ms. FOXX of North Carolina. Madam 
Speaker, I thank my colleague for 
yielding. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition 
to H.R. 2339. While I don’t doubt the 
majority’s sincere interest in reducing 
nicotine use among minors, this bill is 
a premature and poorly thought-out 
attempt to do so. 
Instead of building on bipartisan ef-
forts to address teenage smoking, such 
as raising the age to purchase tobacco 
to 21, H.R. 2339 broadly overreaches and 
contains provisions that would unac-
ceptably restrict the choice of adult 
consumers. It would have a negligible 
impact on teenage tobacco use and, in-
stead, could actually increase the use 
of illicit and more dangerous tobacco 
products. 
As my colleagues have pointed out 
this morning, most on the other side of 
the aisle favor legalizing marijuana, 
which has proven to be harmful and 
leads to worse drugs, but will vote for 
this bad bill. If one is concerned about 
teenagers, don’t push marijuana. 
This bill does nothing to address the 
actual injuries we do see from vaping 
products, which are typically associ-
ated with illegal THC vapor products 
and not the products covered under 
H.R. 2339. 
This is a bad bill, and I urge my col-
leagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from 
California (Mr. RUIZ), a member of our 
committee. 
Mr. RUIZ. Madam Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman for yielding. 
Madam Speaker, I am an emergency 
physician trained in humanitarian dis-
aster aid and a public health expert, 
and I represent California’s 36th Con-
gressional District. 
As a doctor, I am all too familiar 
with the devastation that addiction to 
nicotine can cause, devastation such as 
strokes, heart attack, COPD, and pa-
tients coming in with 100 percent oxy-
gen because they can’t breathe without 
it. I have seen, firsthand, the health de-
cline in patients who tried nicotine as 
teenagers, who got addicted and never 
quit. 
When we talk about vaping, we need 
to make sure we identify three dif-
ferent problems: 
One is the problem of the acute res-
piratory 
distress 
syndrome, 
that 
caused by open containers where they 
can mix different types of chemicals, 
including THC, that have the vitamin 
E oils that can cause severe lung dam-
age that requires lung transplant. That 
is one issue. 
Another issue is whether or not there 
is a public benefit or whether or not 
vaping is safe. It is not. That is a gen-
eral conversation. 
This bill addresses the third issue, 
which is that kids using these products 
are getting addicted at an alarming 
rate. The number of kids using these 
products is disturbing to me as a Mem-
ber of Congress, as a physician, and as 
a parent of two young kids. 
From 2017 to 2019, e-cigarette use 
doubled among high school students 
and tripled among middle school stu-
dents. There are 5 million kids using e- 
cigarettes today, an increase of 3 mil-
lion in just 2 years, and the health ef-
fects of these are real and dangerous. 
Cigarettes, no doubt, are the dead-
liest form of tobacco. No tobacco prod-
uct, however, is safe. Vape aerosol con-
tains some of the same chemicals 
found in cigarette smoke: chromium, 
formaldehyde, lead, nickel, and tin. 
Nicotine use changes an adolescent’s 
brain cell activity affecting attention, 
learning, behavior, and memory func-
tion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield the gentleman from California an 
additional 1 minute. 
Mr. RUIZ. Madam Speaker, research 
shows that you are more likely to start 
smoking cigarettes if you vape, and 
using nicotine at an early age means 
you are more likely to be addicted for 
life. 
So we need to address and pass H.R. 
2339, the Protecting American Lungs 
and Reversing the Youth Tobacco Epi-
demic Act of 2019, because it will help 
us reach the objective of reducing the 
youth vaping epidemic. 
This bill also contains my bill, the 
NO VAPE Act, which will crack down 
on retailers who sell these products to 
underaged youth. 
It is my job as a public health expert 
and it is our job as Members of Con-
gress to ensure measures are put in 
place to prevent more Americans from 
getting hooked on nicotine at an early 
age. So I urge a vote on H.R. 2339, Pro-
tecting American Lungs and Reversing 
the Youth Tobacco Epidemic Act of 
2019, for the sake of our children and 
our public’s health. 
Mr. WALDEN. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from 
North Carolina (Mr. BISHOP). 
Mr. 
BISHOP 
of 
North 
Carolina. 
Madam Speaker, I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
Madam Speaker, H.R. 2339 will hurt 
farmers in North Carolina, disrespect 
the free choice of Americans—espe-
cially African Americans—and do noth-
ing to advance public health. 
The uncertainty this bill will create 
serves no legitimate purpose and will 
hurt 1,300 hard-pressed, hardworking 
farmers all across North Carolina. 
Why are Democrats so dismissive of 
the interest of farmers and the chal-
lenges they face? 
Consider this: Nearly 30 percent of 
adult tobacco users report flavored to-
bacco use. 
b 1000 
Almost nine in ten adult African 
American smokers choose menthol. 
This bill would ban them all. 
How can you not only dismiss but 
discriminate 
against 
their 
adult 
choices? 
Do you really expect that no black 
market will emerge to cater to those 
choices? 
Have you considered the harms that 
will result from that? 
Kids shouldn’t use tobacco, nor, in 
my opinion, should adults, but more 
bureaucracy, trampling arbitrarily on 
adult free choice, and destroying fam-
ily farmers are nowhere close to the so-
lution. 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 21⁄2 minutes to the gentlewoman 
from 
California 
(Ms. 
ESHOO), 
who 
chairs our Health Subcommittee. 
Ms. ESHOO. Madam Speaker, I thank 
the chair of our committee, and I rise 
in support of this legislation that is so 
important for the next generation of 
Americans, H.R. 2339. 
Very sadly, there has been a reversal 
of our country’s great progress on to-
bacco use, and it is because of flavored 
products and a tobacco industry that 
preys on our Nation’s youth. 
From 2017 to 2019 e-cigarette use 
more than doubled among high school 
students and more than tripled among 
middle schoolers—even younger. These 
are kids. They are not even young 
adults yet. By 2019, last year, 5.3 mil-
lion middle and high school students 
were current users, already using some 
type of tobacco product or e-cigarettes. 
Over 80 percent of kids who have used 
tobacco started with a flavored prod-
uct. That is the hook. According to the 
surgeon general, they begin using and 
become addicted to these products be-
cause e-cigarette manufacturers have 
targeted extensive advertising cam-
paigns to kids and to young adults. So 
this didn’t just come out of the ether. 
This is very purposeful. It is directed, 
and it is targeted to middle schoolers 
and high schoolers. 
Last year Congress raised the legal 
age to purchase tobacco to 21, but in 
January the President walked back his 
promise to address the youth tobacco 
epidemic by taking only some flavored 
e-cigarette products off the market. 
But as we heard from witnesses during 
our subcommittee hearing last Octo-
ber, those actions are not enough. 
The single most important action to 
reduce youth e-cigarette use is to 
crack down on the flavors because that 
is what addicts our kids. If any fla-
vored products are still available, kids 
are going to find a way to get them. All 
flavors must be removed from the mar-
ket including menthol, because this, 
again, is what hooks kids on smoking, 
and this legislation addresses that. 
We also have to address how tobacco 
companies target their advertisements 
to our kids. This bill ensures that e- 
cigarettes have the same strict mar-
keting prohibitions as other tobacco 
products. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield the gentlewoman from California 
an additional 30 seconds. 
Ms. ESHOO. Madam Speaker, I think 
it is eminently clear that Congress 
must pass strong legislation to reduce 
the attractiveness and availability of 
flavored tobacco products to adoles-
cents and teens to save this generation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:32 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00013
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K28FE7.014
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 12-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1268 
February 28, 2020 
from lifetime addiction. There are 
costs to addiction, and our healthcare 
system has to absorb that. 
So why not prevent it and stop it in 
its tracks today? 
That is why I urge my colleagues to 
vote for H.R. 2339 to accomplish all of 
this. 
Mr. WALDEN. Madam Speaker, may 
I inquire as to the time available on 
both sides. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Oregon has 91⁄2 minutes re-
maining. The gentleman from New Jer-
sey has 7 minutes remaining. 
Mr. WALDEN. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from 
Kentucky (Mr. COMER). 
Mr. COMER. Madam Speaker, few 
would deny that we are facing a dan-
gerous epidemic of youth vaping. 
But the bill before us today is not 
about youth vaping. Instead, this legis-
lation seeks to eliminate consumer 
choice of flavored tobacco products for 
law-abiding adults over the age of 21. 
With this bill Democrats are seeking 
to play politics with a crisis and ram 
through an extreme, partisan measure 
that is government overreach at its 
finest. 
We should be focused on reducing 
youth 
consumption 
and 
removing 
counterfeit products from the market. 
That is what this debate should focus 
on, not reducing the freedoms of law- 
abiding adults. Unfortunately, Demo-
crats are making clear that they are 
uninterested in further action to re-
duce youth tobacco use. By banning 
flavored tobacco products and the sale 
of menthol cigarettes for adults, they 
are seeking to destroy consumer free-
dom in this country. 
Thankfully, if this bill were to pass 
today, this anti-consumer choice over-
reach will be stopped in its tracks in 
the Senate. 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from 
Illinois (Mr. RUSH), who is the chair-
man of our Energy Subcommittee. 
Mr. RUSH. Madam Speaker, I want 
to thank the gentleman for yielding. 
Madam Speaker, I am proud to rise 
today in support of H.R. 2339, the Re-
versing the Youth Tobacco Epidemic 
Act. 
This bill would ban menthol products 
which are primarily used because of 
decades of predatory advertising by to-
bacco companies in the African Amer-
ican community and on the African 
American 
community, 
particularly, 
Madam Speaker, African American 
males, the so-called Kool generation, 
spelled with a K and not a C. 
Smoking cigarettes, especially men-
thol-flavored cigarettes, has resulted in 
approximately 45,000 African American 
deaths each and every year. Lung can-
cer, COPD, and heart disease are the 
leading preventable causes of death for 
African Americans. Smoking menthol- 
flavored cigarettes is the primary cul-
prit. 
Earlier this week, Madam Speaker, I 
wrote an op-ed with Nancy Brown, the 
CEO of the American Heart Associa-
tion, on the importance of this bill and 
the ban on menthol flavoring for our 
kids’ health. I am pleased to report 
that our op-ed was published in The 
Hill on last Wednesday. 
Madam Speaker, I include in the 
RECORD my op-ed. 
[From The Hill, Feb. 26, 2020] 
NO EXCEPTIONS WHEN IT COMES TO KIDS’ 
HEALTH 
(By Rep. Bobby L. Rush (D–IL) and Nancy 
Brown) 
Imagine a world in which our children are 
not using tobacco or addicted to nicotine—a 
world in which tobacco products that appeal 
to youth cannot be sold, the tobacco indus-
try is prohibited from preying upon youth 
with their deceptive marketing, and tobacco 
no longer represents a grave health threat to 
children. 
With tobacco and nicotine use among 
youth at epidemic levels in this country, we 
must address this public health crisis. The 
House of Representatives has an historic op-
portunity to do just that this week by pass-
ing the Reversing the Youth Tobacco Epi-
demic Act, a bill that takes bold action to 
remove all flavored e-cigarettes and other 
tobacco products, including menthol, from 
the market. 
Until recently, the goal of a tobacco- and 
nicotine-free 
generation 
seemed 
within 
reach. Youth smoking rates, which were at 
28 percent in 1997, fell to just 5 percent in 
2018. But this hard-fought public health suc-
cess against youth tobacco use is threatened 
by the skyrocketing popularity of e-ciga-
rettes. More than 1 in 4 high-school students 
and more than 5 million youth nationwide 
now report using e-cigarettes, which pose se-
rious health risks to users and could increase 
the likelihood of traditional cigarette use. 
An American Heart Association study re-
leased last year found that kids who use e- 
cigarettes are more likely to start smoking 
traditional cigarettes. 
The reasons for this surge in youth e-ciga-
rette use is clear. Tobacco companies intro-
duced thousands of products with fruit, 
candy, mint, and menthol flavors specifi-
cally intended to appeal to youth. The com-
panies then designed sophisticated and well- 
funded marketing campaigns that relent-
lessly target youth on social media. While 
the Trump administration pledged last fall 
to halt the sale of all flavored e-cigarettes, 
the policy it released last month fell far 
short of that goal. Urgent action is still 
needed to stem the youth e-cigarette epi-
demic given menthol products, disposable e- 
cigarettes, and flavored liquid nicotine used 
in open tank systems are being allowed to 
remain on the market. 
Congress took an important first step in 
December by raising the national minimum 
legal sales age for tobacco products from 18 
to 21. But we know that just raising the sales 
age for these products is not enough to coun-
teract the actions of an industry intent on 
addicting another generation of youth. The 
industry has known for decades that ciga-
rettes and other tobacco products flavored 
with menthol are less harsh and more ap-
pealing to users—especially youth smokers. 
Tobacco companies have been especially ag-
gressive with retail advertising and price 
promotions for menthol products in minority 
communities. As a result, more than 70 per-
cent of adolescent African-American smok-
ers and more than half of adolescent Latino 
smokers use menthol. 
Where existing policies have fallen short, 
the Reversing the Youth Tobacco Epidemic 
Act will fill the gaps. The bipartisan legisla-
tion, first introduced by Reps. Frank Pallone 
(D–N.J.) and Donna Shalala (D–Fla.), will re-
move all flavored tobacco products from the 
market within a year and subject all tobacco 
products, including e-cigarettes, to the same 
advertising restrictions that currently apply 
to cigarettes. It will also require e-cigarette 
companies to stop selling any flavored prod-
uct without pre-market authorization from 
the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) 
within 30 days. Additionally, the bill directs 
the FDA to prohibit online sales of most to-
bacco products, cutting off a way many 
youth access these products. 
We are at a pivotal moment in the fight to 
protect our children from tobacco-caused ad-
diction and disease. We urge lawmakers to 
listen to and stand with parents and health 
advocates to support this important legisla-
tion. 
Mr. RUSH. Madam Speaker, I encour-
age my colleagues to join me in sup-
porting this very, very worthwhile leg-
islation. 
Mr. WALDEN. Madam Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman 
from Illinois (Ms. KELLY), who is a 
member of our committee. 
Ms. 
KELLY 
of 
Illinois. 
Madam 
Speaker, as chair of the Congressional 
Black Caucus Health Braintrust, I rise 
to express my support for H.R. 2339, the 
Protecting American Lungs and Re-
versing the Youth Tobacco Epidemic 
Act of 2019. 
This critical legislation will protect 
young people, especially young people 
of color, from a lifetime of nicotine ad-
diction. Simply put, prohibiting men-
thol and other flavored tobacco prod-
ucts will save lives, especially Black 
lives. 
Opponents of the legislation assert 
that because 85 percent of the African 
American smokers use menthol prod-
ucts that it would disproportionately 
harm communities of color. This logic 
only perpetuates the cycle in which 
many members of the African Amer-
ican community are already trapped. 
Tobacco companies specifically mar-
keted menthol cigarettes to Black 
communities because they are more 
addictive. Opposing this bill only con-
tinues this shameful past. 
We must pass H.R. 2339 and ensure 
the tobacco industry can no longer tar-
get minority communities to the det-
riment of public health. 
Mr. WALDEN. I continue to reserve 
the balance of my time, Madam Speak-
er. 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman 
from 
Florida 
(Ms. 
WASSERMAN 
SCHULTZ). 
Ms. 
WASSERMAN 
SCHULTZ. 
Madam Speaker, today we finally com-
prehensively address America’s resur-
gent youth nicotine epidemic. 
In 2019 more than 5.3 million middle 
and high school students used e-ciga-
rettes, double the number who reported 
vaping just 2 years before. It is no sur-
prise when flavors like gummy bear 
and cotton candy are used to lure chil-
dren to e-cigarettes. And the aggres-
sive digital marketing aimed at mi-
nors, like the campaigns Juul admitted 
to running, obviously work. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:32 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00014
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K28FE7.016
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 13-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1269 
February 28, 2020 
But this Republican administration 
failed to holistically address this issue. 
Worse, they caved to Big Tobacco by 
embracing a woefully inadequate flavor 
ban. So this bill does just what this ad-
ministration refused to; it bans flavors 
and proactively combats this epidemic. 
I am grateful to Chairman PALLONE 
for including language from my legisla-
tion, the PROTECT Act, that directs 
the CDC to implement a successful— 
like the anti-tobacco youth campaign 
was—youth anti-vaping education and 
prevention campaign. That is vital be-
cause if a child never starts vaping, we 
keep them off this perilous path to nic-
otine addiction. 
Madam Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote 
on this bill to stand up to Big Tobacco 
and to protect the health of young peo-
ple. 
Mr. WALDEN. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
I just want to follow up on my friend 
from Florida’s comments. Let me re-
mind the body that it was the Obama 
administration that failed to take en-
forcement action against e-cigarette 
manufacturers while these products 
grew in popularity among our children. 
In contrast, it is the Trump adminis-
tration that is actually taking signifi-
cant action to curb youth use of to-
bacco and e-cigarettes. The Food and 
Drug Administration under President 
Trump has already removed most fla-
vored e-cigarettes from the market and 
stated they will take additional action 
against any products found to be tar-
geting children. 
My friends will say the administra-
tion left open a giant loophole by not 
targeting all these cigarette products. I 
reiterate: FDA has stated they will 
‘‘take action against any product, re-
gardless of whether a product is car-
tridge-based, disposable, or flavored, if 
it is targeted to minors, its marketing 
is likely to promote youth use, or if 
the manufacturer has failed to take, or 
is failing to take, adequate measures to 
prevent minors’ access.’’ 
The FDA has that authority to regu-
late e-cigarettes. It has taken action to 
remove those products that are tar-
geted to kids from the market. In addi-
tion, any product wishing to come back 
on the market will need to receive 
marketing authorization from the FDA 
beginning later this year making the 
actions of this bill actually unneces-
sary. 
But remember this bill deals with 
adults because we already, in a bipar-
tisan way, passed a law to prohibit 
these products from being sold to peo-
ple under 21 years of age. That was a 
huge problem. There was a big loop-
hole. As I said, the Obama administra-
tion let all this unfold before their 
eyes. 
We passed a bill. It is now law. No-
body under 21 has access to these prod-
ucts. 
Madam Speaker, the bill doesn’t ad-
dress this issue; this is literally called 
CannaKids. This is literally DOPE e- 
Liquid, Black Cherry. Marijuana-fla-
vored vaping products are not covered 
under this legislation. 
But this legislation goes so far as to 
take legal products that adults may 
use—I don’t use any of this stuff. I am 
not a big fan of it at all. But they have 
their choice. These are adult products. 
Adults will no longer have access to 
these products. They are gone. They 
are banned under this bill. 
Madam Speaker, you are going to set 
up a whole new criminal enforcement 
effort that some, including the ACLU, 
believe will target people of color more 
than others. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, may 
I inquire about the amount of time re-
maining on both sides. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. PIN-
GREE). The gentleman from New Jersey 
has 3 minutes remaining. The gen-
tleman from Oregon has 51⁄2 minutes re-
maining. 
b 1015 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman 
from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, 
I am not here to target people of color. 
I am here to save lives. 
I support this legislation because it 
closes an effective tax loophole for e- 
cigarettes and taxes them just accord-
ingly as tobacco. 
It prohibits the manufacture of fla-
vored tobacco and, more importantly, 
actually 
prohibits 
companies 
from 
marketing or promoting e-cigarettes to 
youth under the age of 21. That is an 
important element. 
It makes sure that the grants that 
are gotten from those dollars are uti-
lized for outreach and education, for 
evidence-based smoking-cessation pro-
grams. It awards grants to make to-
bacco-cessation therapies and coun-
seling available to community health 
centers. 
We have to save lives. People of color 
die disproportionately through tobacco 
products, including these flavored ciga-
rettes. 
The NAACP says flavored cigarettes, 
e-cigarettes, have driven the youth epi-
demic and more than half of youth 
smokers. Organizations like the Na-
tional Black Nurses Association, Afri-
can American Tobacco Control Leader-
ship Council, Black Women’s Health 
Imperative, 
and 
National 
Hispanic 
Medical Association all support this. 
Madam Speaker, I am here to save 
lives. That is why I am supporting this 
legislation. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
2339, the ‘‘Protecting American Lungs and 
Reversing Youth Tobacco Epidemic Act.’’ 
I support this important lifesaving and life- 
extending legislation because it: 
1. Closes a tax loophole for e-cigarettes by 
establishing tax parity with current tobacco 
taxes, which is a highly effective way to re-
duce youth smoking. 
2. Prohibits the manufacture and sale of all 
flavored tobacco products, including menthol 
cigarettes, within one year, and removes all 
flavored e-cigarettes from the market within 30 
days. 
3. Prohibits companies from marketing or 
promoting e-cigarettes to youth under age 21. 
4. Directs the Food and Drug Administration 
(FDA) to prohibit non-face-to-face (online) 
sales of most tobacco products, including e- 
cigarettes, thereby blocking a key path for 
high schoolers to obtain tobacco products, 
many of which are sold online with limited or 
no age verification requirements. 
5. Provides FDA with the authority to collect 
user fees from all classes of tobacco products, 
including e-cigarettes, and increases the an-
nual user fees collected for tobacco products 
by $100 million. 
6. Requires the Federal Trade Commission 
to issue an annual report to Congress on the 
domestic sales, advertising, and promotional 
activities of cigarette, cigar, smokeless to-
bacco, and e-cigarette manufacturers. 
7. Invests in grants for outreach and edu-
cation for evidence-based smoking cessation 
programs for individuals in medically under-
served communities, including racial and eth-
nic minorities. 
8. Awards grants to make tobacco cessation 
therapies and counseling available at Commu-
nity Health Centers. 
This critical legislation provides a com-
prehensive approach to address the youth to-
bacco epidemic, which has surged in recent 
years with the introduction of such new to-
bacco products as e-cigarettes. 
I support H.R. 2339 because it will help pre-
vent the loss of an entirely new generation to 
a lifetime of nicotine addiction. 
Madam Speaker, one of the most effective 
ways to reduce youth use of a tobacco prod-
uct is to increase taxes on that product. 
This legislation closes the tax loophole for 
e-cigarettes by establishing tax parity with cur-
rent tobacco taxes—significantly increasing 
the cost of e-cigarettes. 
Currently, there is no federal excise tax on 
the nicotine contained in e-cigarettes, which 
could result, for example, in up to a 75 per-
cent increase in the cost of some brands of e- 
cigarettes. 
As the Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids 
points out, ‘‘The Surgeon General has called 
raising prices on cigarettes ‘one of the most 
effective tobacco control interventions.’ 
The tobacco industry has targeted kids 
through social media advertisements, glossy 
marketing campaigns, and other kid-friendly 
platforms. 
Banning the marketing and promotion of e- 
cigarettes to young people will have a salutary 
effect because about 95 percent of adult 
smokers start before age 21 and young peo-
ple who do not begin smoking by their early 
20s are unlikely to ever start. 
The legislation also includes numerous 
other provisions to address the youth tobacco 
epidemic, including prohibiting the manufac-
turer and sale of all flavored tobacco products, 
prohibiting companies from marketing or pro-
moting e-cigarettes to youth under age 21, 
and directing the FDA to prohibit non-face-to- 
face (online) sales of most tobacco products, 
including e-cigarettes. 
Madam Speaker, it is gratifying to know that 
this legislation is supported by nearly 100 
groups, including the Campaign for Tobacco- 
Free Kids, American Lung Association, Amer-
ican Heart Association, American Cancer So-
ciety Cancer Action Network, American Acad-
emy of Pediatrics, African American Tobacco 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:32 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00015
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\K28FE7.017
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 14-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1270 
February 28, 2020 
Control Leadership Council, Black Women’s 
Health Imperative, National Black Nurses As-
sociation, National Hispanic Medical Associa-
tion, Catholic Health Association of the United 
States, American Public Health Association, 
National 
Education 
Association, 
Parents 
Against Vaping e-cigarettes (PAVe), First 
Focus, Children’s Defense Fund, and Amer-
ican College of Physicians. 
In support this legislation, the NAACP, the 
nation’s oldest civil rights organization, has 
stated that: ‘‘Flavored e-cigarettes have driven 
the youth epidemic, and more than half of 
youth smokers—including seven out of ten Af-
rican American youth smokers—smoke men-
thol cigarettes, so it’s time to take these prod-
ucts off the market once and for all.’’ 
Madam Speaker, over the last few years, 
the use of e-cigarettes has skyrocketed 
among American middle school and high 
school students. 
More than 5.3 million middle school and 
high school students used e-cigarettes in 
2019, an alarming increase of more than 3 
million in two years. 
The recent dramatic rise in the number of 
middle and high school students using e-ciga-
rettes has reversed the progress that had 
been made in previous years in the use of to-
bacco by kids and teenagers. 
The U.S. Surgeon General has labeled the 
skyrocketing growth in youth use of e-ciga-
rettes an ‘‘epidemic.’’ 
The Surgeon General has also concluded 
that youth use of nicotine in any form, includ-
ing e-cigarettes, is unsafe, causes addiction, 
and can harm brain development, which im-
pacts attention, memory, and learning. 
The Surgeon General also found that using 
nicotine in adolescence increases the risk of 
future addiction to other drugs. 
E-cigarettes have very high levels of nico-
tine, placing young people at significant risk 
for developing nicotine addiction. 
Studies have shown that one brand of e-cig-
arette cartridge can contain as much nicotine 
as a full pack of traditional cigarettes. 
In 2009, Congress enacted a federal law 
prohibiting the manufacture and sale of tradi-
tional cigarettes that had flavors (other than 
the flavors of menthol or tobacco), since the 
tobacco industry had begun targeting young 
people by offering flavored cigarettes, includ-
ing candy and fruit flavors. 
However, that 2009 flavor prohibition has 
not applied to tobacco products other than tra-
ditional cigarettes. 
Now, the legislation being considered this 
week would broaden that 2009 prohibition— 
blocking the manufacture and sale of all fla-
vored tobacco products, including e-cigarettes 
and menthol cigarettes. 
In recent years, tobacco companies have 
significantly stepped up the introduction and 
marketing of flavored tobacco products, espe-
cially e-cigarettes, with more than 15,000 fla-
vors now available on the market. 
The widespread availability and appeal of 
kid-friendly flavors has significantly contributed 
to the rapid rise in e-cigarette use by young 
people—with the tobacco industry targeting 
and addicting kids with enticing flavors such 
as gummy bear and cotton candy. 
Flavors mask the harsh taste of tobacco 
and make it easier for kids to start to use a 
tobacco product and to become addicted. 
More than 9 out 10 young persons using e- 
cigarettes use flavored the e-cigarettes, with 7 
out of 10 current youth e-cigarette users say-
ing they used them ‘‘because they come in fla-
vors I like.’’ 
The bill’s prohibition on menthol cigarettes 
will also help protect kids. 
More than half of youth smokers—and 
seven in ten African American youth smok-
ers—smoke menthol cigarettes. 
A 2013 FDA analysis concluded that men-
thol cigarettes soothe the harshness of to-
bacco, increase youth initiation, increase nico-
tine addiction, and make it harder for smokers 
to quit. 
Madam Speaker, the National Medical As-
sociation, the voice of America’s African Amer-
ican physicians, supports this legislation, stat-
ing: 
As the collective voice of African Amer-
ican physicians, we know that banning men-
thol cigarettes will save lives in our commu-
nity. Smoking-related illnesses are the num-
ber one cause of death in the African Amer-
ican community and approximately 45,000 
African Americans die each year from smok-
ing-related diseases. Further, more than 85 
percent of African American smokers use 
menthols cigarettes. . . . For years, the to-
bacco industry has aggressively promoted 
menthol cigarettes and other flavored to-
bacco products in African American commu-
nities. Taking action to ban menthol ciga-
rettes is long overdue and the NMA requests 
that Congress move swiftly to take up this 
bill and save lives. 
Madam Speaker, I do not agree with oppo-
nents of the legislation who assert that be-
cause 85% of African American smokers use 
menthol 
products, 
that 
it 
would 
disproportionally harm communities of color. 
H.R. 2339 is not intended to disproportion-
ately impact people and communities of color; 
instead it treats all tobacco products the same 
by prohibiting flavoring in all tobacco products. 
Further, the legislation prohibits the sale, but 
not the possession, of the banned products 
and expressly prohibits law enforcement from 
using abusive practices, such as stop and 
frisk, to enforce the ban. 
In 2009, President Obama signed into law 
the Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco 
Control Act which prohibited all flavored ciga-
rettes, other than menthol, after the tobacco 
industry used these products to target kids. 
H.R. 2339 merely extends the same en-
forcement authorities enacted under the To-
bacco Control Act to prohibit all flavored to-
bacco products and ensure that the tobacco 
industry is no longer manufacturing or import-
ing any flavored products. 
Finally, instead of imposing criminal pen-
alties, should the U.S. Food and Drug Admin-
istration find a manufacturer or retailer in viola-
tion of the law, the FDA most commonly uti-
lizes warning letters, no-tobacco sale orders, 
and civil monetary penalties. 
Thus, it is simply untrue that H.R. 2339 in-
creases criminal penalties or ‘‘criminalizes to-
bacco.’’ 
Before concluding, it is noteworthy that H.R. 
2339 makes critical investments to medically 
underserved communities to enhance smoking 
cessation, particularly among racial and ethnic 
minority populations. 
In order to ensure there are necessary re-
sources for current smokers to quit and transi-
tion off flavored tobacco products, the bill pro-
vides significant resources to Community 
Health Centers to provide for the availability of 
counseling and tobacco cessation therapies, 
as well as other grant programs to enhance 
the availability of smoking cessation, in par-
ticular for menthol products, in medically un-
derserved communities. 
In sum, H.R. 2339 will help ensure the to-
bacco industry can no longer target minority 
communities to the detriment of public health. 
I strongly support this legislation and urge 
all Members to join me in voting for its pas-
sage. 
Mr. WALDEN. Madam Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I am 
prepared to close the Committee on 
Energy and Commerce’s portion, and I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. WALDEN. Madam Speaker, I 
think we have had a good debate here 
today, and we understand the dif-
ferences between the proponents and 
opponents. I want to close with a cou-
ple of comments. 
Marijuana and THC-laced products 
are illegal at the Federal level under 
the Controlled Substances Act. Nobody 
disputes that. Yet, we have seen how 
easy it is for individuals, including 
children, to get their hands on these 
products. 
They are marketed all over the inter-
net in kid-friendly flavors. Not only 
are these illegal products easy to ac-
cess, but they caused an outbreak of 
serious illnesses known as e-cigarette, 
or vaping, product use-associated lung 
injury—it is known as EVALI—and re-
sulted in the deaths of 68 Americans. 
Centers for Disease Control confirmed 
this outbreak was linked to vitamin E 
acetate used in THC-containing e-ciga-
rettes. 
The point is, though, as more people 
are pushed away from flavored tobacco 
products that are currently legal— 
again, we already made all this illegal 
for anybody under 21, so we are talking 
about adults here—they will start 
pushing products through illicit mar-
kets. 
We all hope that in the face of the to-
bacco prohibition, tobacco users would 
simply quit using these products, but 
the fact is, these products are addict-
ive. They are designed so users cannot 
simply quit. 
Without accounting for this reality, 
this legislation will simply push indi-
viduals to more dangerous and unregu-
lated products. Illicit markets are al-
ready thriving, as is evidenced by the 
cannabis marketplace and the existing 
illicit tobacco trade. 
Madam Speaker, I include in the 
RECORD a letter from the National As-
sociation of Black Law Enforcement 
Executives. They say: 
Organized criminal groups are already in-
creasingly active in selling illicit cigarettes 
from low tax states to high tax states. A new 
market—menthol cigarettes—will only fuel 
those criminal enterprises and everything 
that comes with them from money laun-
dering of shell companies that are funding 
gang and terrorist activities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:32 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00016
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.012
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 15-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1271 
February 28, 2020 
NATIONAL ORGANIZATION OF 
BLACK LAW ENFORCEMENT EXECUTIVES, 
Alexandria, VA, June 11, 2019. 
Re H.R. 2339: Reversing the Youth Tobacco 
Epidemic of 2019, Bill introduced by: U.S. 
Congressman Frank Pallone. 
Hon. FRANK PALLONE, 
House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR
REPRESENTATIVE
MOORE: The Na-
tional Organization of Black Law Enforce-
ment Executives (NOBLE) serves as the con-
science of law enforcement in America by 
being committed to Justice by Action. 
Founded in 1976, NOBLE is committed to en-
sure equity in the administration of justice 
and its unyielding commitment is to work 
toward the elimination of racism and bias of 
any type within the law enforcement field. 
NOBLE has nearly 60 chapters and rep-
resents over 3,000 members worldwide that 
represent chief executive officers and com-
mand-level law enforcement officials from 
federal, state, county, municipal law en-
forcement agencies, and criminal justice 
practitioners. 
As an organization, NOBLE has no stance 
on the scientific and medical issues regard-
ing the impact of the use of menthol ciga-
rettes aside from saying that we believe any 
governmental decision—especially one that 
could ban a previously legal product—should 
be rooted on rigorous science. 
Historically, NOBLE has expressed con-
cerns over the ban of menthol cigarettes for 
adults due to the unintended consequences 
that occur when said products are made 
available through a illicit market. The re-
sult can be the increased encounters between 
the consumer (in this case African Ameri-
cans) and law enforcement officials who are 
enforcing the ban. 
NOBLE applauds the legislation to in-
crease the minimum age to consume tobacco 
products from 18 to 21. We currently are 
launching a program aimed at educating and 
informing young people to the dangers of 
consuming tobacco products and their de-
rivatives. However, we are concerned over 
the inclusion of menthol flavored products in 
H.R. 2339 that may encourage a ban of these 
products in the adult market. Research data 
shows that menthol cigarettes constitute 
one-third of the U.S. market and is the pre-
ferred cigarette of more than 80% of African 
Americans who choose to smoke. Our goal is 
to reduce policies and legislative actions 
that may increase unintended enforcement 
interaction between police and people of 
color. 
Organized criminal groups are already in-
creasingly active in selling illicit cigarettes 
from low tax states to high tax states. A new 
market—menthol cigarettes—will only fuel 
those criminal enterprises and everything 
that comes with them from money laun-
dering or shell companies that funding gang 
and terrorist activities. A ban on menthol 
cigarettes would be exploited by criminal or-
ganizations to finance their activities. 
We urge you to consider the real-world evi-
dence of the ramifications of the unintended 
consequences of a ban on the sale of menthol 
cigarettes and the disproportionate impact 
of a menthol ban in African American com-
munities. 
Given all of these concerns, NOBLE re-
spectfully requests that this legislation re-
move menthol from the list of flavors being 
considered for a ban on retail sales. 
Thank you for your consideration. 
Sincerely, 
VERA BUMPERS, 
National President. 
Mr. 
WALDEN. 
Those 
aren’t 
my 
words. Those are the words of the Na-
tional Organization of Black Law En-
forcement Executives, which opposes 
this legislation. 
This bill is making an additional set 
of products illegal that will further en-
courage illegal behavior that is already 
occurring and difficult to combat. 
Madam Speaker, where does this 
stop? We are all for stopping children 
from having access to these products. 
We did that with T21. It is now law. We 
have legislation—bipartisanly passed 
in the House, pending in the Senate—to 
require age verification at point of sale 
and delivery of tobacco products so 
that we really get boundaries around 
these products getting into the hands 
of youth. 
But if you are going to ban flavored 
tobacco products but not flavored 
marijuana products, are you going to 
ban flavored alcohol products? 
We know childhood obesity is an epi-
demic. Are we going to go down that 
path as well and ban products adults 
use but tell kids they can’t have a 
candy bar? 
I mean, where does this end? 
I led an effort when I was student 
body president in high school to get 
smoking out of the bathrooms. I went 
to the school board, and we actually 
created a smoking area outside that re-
quired parental permission, a permit, 
and a fee. That was the 1970s. It was an 
amazing, revolutionary thing. Thank-
fully, a few years later, they got rid of 
the whole thing, but I got tired of 
using the bathroom only to find my 
friends smoking in there and lighting 
fires in the trash cans. 
I have been an advocate for getting 
smoking and smoking products away 
from kids my entire life. That is why I 
supported T21 to ban the sale of to-
bacco products to anybody under 21, 
the age verification issue, and all that. 
But we are talking here about now tell-
ing adults in America that you can no 
longer have access to these legal prod-
ucts. 
Now, I am not a fan of these legal 
products. Don’t get me wrong. But I 
represent people who do use them, and 
I am going to go home, and they are 
going say: ‘‘What do you mean you 
took away my Grizzly or Kodiak or 
Snuffs?’’ I don’t even know what you 
do with those products, but we are 
going to take them away. We are going 
to ban them for good under your law, 
and we are going to have our law en-
forcement go enforce that. 
Now, they will tell you that it is just 
the FDA, but what they won’t tell you 
is, in the bill, it only relates to the 
FDA, but there are criminal penalties 
in this bill. It probably should have 
gone to the Committee on the Judici-
ary. 
There are other laws on the books 
that law enforcement can enforce, and 
that is why the ACLU and others sent 
us this letter concerned about the stop 
and frisk tactics. Remember, Eric Gar-
ner was selling illegal cigarettes on the 
streets, individual cigarettes. That is 
what led to the law enforcement action 
that tragically ended up in his death 
with the illegal choke hold. 
They reference all that in their letter 
in opposition to this legislation. We are 
not making this up on our side. It is all 
right here. 
I include in the RECORD this letter, 
along with a Statement of Administra-
tion Policy in opposition to H.R. 2339. 
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 2020. 
Re Coalition Concerns with Blanket Prohibi-
tion on Menthol and Other Flavored To-
bacco within H.R. 2339, Reversing the 
Youth Tobacco Epidemic Act. 
Hon. FRANK PALLONE, 
Chairman, House Committee on Energy and 
Commerce, Washington, DC. 
The undersigned civil rights and civil lib-
erties organizations write to express con-
cerns with a broad prohibition on menthol 
and other flavored tobacco products within 
H.R. 2339, the Reversing the Youth Tobacco 
Epidemic Act of 2019. While this legislation 
is a well-intended effort to address health 
issues associated with tobacco use among 
youth, we have concerns that a blanket pro-
hibition on menthol and other flavored to-
bacco products, which will apply to adults, 
will (1) disproportionately impact people and 
communities of color; (2) trigger criminal 
penalties, prioritizing criminalization over 
public health and harm reduction; and (3) in-
stigate unconstitutional policing and other 
negative interactions with local law enforce-
ment. 
I. H.R. 2339 DISPROPORTIONATELY IMPACTS 
PEOPLE AND COMMUNITIES OF COLOR 
Of adults, approximately 80 percent of 
Blacks and 35 percent of Latinx who choose 
to smoke prefer menthol cigarettes. Thus, 
any ban on menthol cigarettes will dis-
proportionately affect people of color. While 
H.R. 2339 and similar legislation are often 
motivated by the desire to decrease and 
eliminate smoking among certain popu-
lations, Blacks and other people of color 
should not disproportionately bear the brunt 
of enforcement of such prohibitions, which a 
menthol ban would ensure. 
Similarly, enforcement of a ban on fla-
vored cigars will also disproportionally im-
pact people of color given cigar preferences. 
Black adults are 60% of cigarillo and non- 
premium cigar smokers, with these products 
often flavored. Additionally, at Committee 
markup, H.R. 2339 was amended to exempt 
certain traditional, expensive cigars from a 
prohibition of online tobacco sales. There is 
no justification for differentiating a La 
Palina from a Black and Mild. Making this 
distinction undermines the public health ar-
guments made for this bill and suggests that 
some tobacco preferences, within certain 
communities, will be prioritized and pro-
tected over others. 
II. H.R. 2339 INCREASES CRIMINAL PENALTIES 
OVER PUBLIC HEALTH 
H.R. 2339 prohibits menthol and other fla-
vored tobacco products under the Food, 
Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FD&C Act). This 
prohibition criminalizes the manufacturing, 
importing, distributing, or selling of men-
thol and other flavored tobacco products 
under the FD&C Act, imposing up to three 
years of imprisonment. Violating a menthol 
and flavored tobacco ban would implicate 
other federal criminal penalties as well. For 
example, the Federal Cigarette Contraband 
Trafficking Act would be implicated, allow-
ing up to five years of imprisonment. 
With a criminal legal system that incar-
cerates Blacks at nearly six times the rate of 
white Americans and a prison population 
that is 67 percent Black and Latinx, any pro-
hibition on menthol and flavored tobacco 
products promises continued over-criminal-
ization and mass incarceration of people of 
color. A ban on menthol and flavored to-
bacco products could reintroduce many of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:40 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00017
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.015
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 16-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1272 
February 28, 2020 
the harms imposed by the failed war on 
drugs as lawmakers work to legalize can-
nabis and take a public health approach to 
opioids. A bill criminalizing tobacco is con-
trary to those efforts. Righting the wrongs of 
earlier failed drug policy requires consider-
ation of the unintended consequences of 
well-intentioned policies, especially on the 
most vulnerable communities. It also re-
quires us to remember that harm reduction, 
including education and counseling, are what 
work to reduce usage and harm in our soci-
ety, not prohibition. 
III. H.R. 2339 ENCOURAGES HARMFUL POLICE 
PRACTICES 
Recent history shows us that drug prohibi-
tions and bans increase negative interactions 
between law enforcement and people of 
color. The New York Police Department’s 
(NYPD) stop and frisk program resulted in 
nearly 700,000 stops in 2011, with drugs serv-
ing as the alleged pretext for most of those 
stops. Ninety percent of those stops were of 
Black and Latinx people. We are concerned 
that law enforcement’s attempts to enforce a 
menthol and flavored tobacco ban will un-
doubtedly lead to fines, arrests, and eventual 
incarceration for those who continue to use 
and sell menthol and flavored tobacco prod-
ucts. While the legislation was amended at 
Committee to try to minimize law enforce-
ment practices here, it only applies in the 
context of federal enforcement of the FD&C 
Act; it does not govern local enforcement 
around any state and city prohibition poli-
cies that will follow. 
The death of Eric Garner in 2014 generated 
national attention not only for the brutality 
he experienced at the hands of NYPD police, 
but for the reason that led to the encounter 
with law enforcement. Mr. Garner died from 
an illegal chokehold having been stopped by 
police for selling single cigarettes in viola-
tion of state law. Gwendolyn Carr, Eric Gar-
ner’s mother, cautions: ‘‘When you ban a 
product sold mostly in Black communities, 
you must consider the reality of what will 
happen to that very same overrepresented 
community in the criminal justice system.’’ 
With a federal prohibition on menthol and 
flavored tobacco products, states will de-
velop their own prohibition and enforcement 
policies that could result in harmful police 
practices like that witnessed with Mr. Gar-
ner. 
Based on our concerns, we urge you to not 
impose a blanket ban on menthol and related 
tobacco products. A prohibition on all men-
thol and flavored tobacco products will not 
achieve a public heath goal of reducing 
smoking among Black people, young people, 
or others. We hope we can work together to 
avoid repetitions of policies that are in-
tended to protect youth and communities of 
color, but instead only further engrain sys-
temic criminalization and racism. 
Sincerely, 
American Civil Liberties Union, Drug Pol-
icy Alliance, Law Enforcement Action Part-
nership, National Action Network, National 
Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers, 
National Association of Social Workers, The 
Center for Popular Democracy. 
STATEMENT OF ADMINISTRATION POLICY 
H.R. 2339—REVERSING THE YOUTH TOBACCO 
EPIDEMIC ACT OF 2019 
(Rep. Pallone, D–NJ, and 126 cosponsors) 
The Administration opposes H.R. 2339. The 
Administration is encouraged by legislative 
efforts to protect American youth from the 
harms of addiction and unsafe tobacco prod-
ucts, and it also acknowledges that H.R. 2339 
exempts premium cigars, which have com-
paratively lower youth usage rates, from cer-
tain 
regulatory 
burdens. 
Unfortunately, 
however, this bill contains provisions that 
are unsupported by the available evidence 
regarding harm reduction and American to-
bacco use habits and another provision that 
raises constitutional concerns. Accordingly, 
the Administration cannot support H.R. 2339 
in its current form. 
The Administration cannot support H.R. 
2339’s counterproductive efforts to restrict 
access to products that may provide a less 
harmful alternative to millions of adults 
who smoke combustible cigarettes. This in-
cludes the bill’s prohibition of menthol e-liq-
uids, which available evidence indicates are 
used relatively rarely by youth. It also in-
cludes the bill’s approach to remote retail 
sales. At this time, problems surrounding 
such sales should be addressed through the 
application of age verification technologies 
rather than, as this bill would do, prohib-
iting such sales entirely. 
The Administration is also concerned 
about the constitutionality of a provision in 
the bill that prohibits certain advertising 
practices with respect to electronic nicotine 
delivery system (ENDS) products. The bill 
would prohibit marketing and advertising 
that ‘‘appeals to an individual under 21 years 
of age.’’ This standard may not satisfy the 
stringent vagueness test applied to regula-
tions of speech under the Constitution’s Due 
Process Clause. 
The Administration is committed to pro-
tecting the Nation’s youth from the harms of 
tobacco and has already taken several steps 
to do so. This includes signing legislation to 
raise the minimum age of sale for tobacco 
products to 21. In January 2020, moreover, 
the 
Administration 
issued 
guidance 
to 
prioritize enforcement against the unauthor-
ized marketing of certain ENDS products to 
youth. And the Food and Drug Administra-
tion (FDA) is conducting regular surveil-
lance of—and, when appropriate, taking en-
forcement measures against—websites, so-
cial media, and other publications that ad-
vertise regulated tobacco products. 
The bill takes the wrong approach to to-
bacco regulation. Rather than continuing to 
focus on the FDA’s Center for Tobacco Prod-
ucts, Congress should implement President 
Trump’s Budget proposal to create a new, 
more directly accountable agency within the 
Department of Health and Human Services 
to focus on tobacco regulation. This new 
agency would be led by a Senate-confirmed 
Director and would have greater capacity to 
respond to the growing complexity of to-
bacco products and respond effectively to to-
bacco-related public health concerns. 
If presented to the President in its current 
form, the President’s senior advisors would 
recommend that he veto the bill. 
Mr. WALDEN. Meanwhile, marijuana 
products are not covered by the bill. Go 
figure. I urge my colleagues to vote 
against this legislation. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself the balance of my time. 
Madam Speaker, I respect the rank-
ing member, but I have to say this: The 
notion that somehow the Trump ad-
ministration is doing anything signifi-
cant to deal with this youth vaping 
epidemic or tobacco epidemic is simply 
not the case. They are weak-kneed pro-
posals that are not going to do any-
thing significant. 
The problem that we have and what 
this bill is trying to address is this: 
The tobacco companies know that 
vaping or e-cigarettes are basically ex-
empted from most of the restrictions 
that exist now for regular cigarettes. 
So what do they do? They go and ad-
vertise these products on TV. They try 
to convince young people and adults 
that vaping and e-cigarettes are a ces-
sation device, which is simply not true. 
The CDC says they are not cessation 
devices. They hook people; they addict 
people; they contain large amounts of 
nicotine. 
The flavors that they promote— 
whether it be menthol, mango, what-
ever it is—make the kids and adults 
think that these are not tobacco prod-
ucts or that these are not products 
that contain nicotine. 
Then what do the kids do? Sure, we 
have legislation now, a statute that 
says you can’t sell these products to 
kids under 21, but they go online. They 
buy them online. They don’t need an 
ID for that. Or they get some adult to 
go to the store and buy the e-cigarettes 
or cigarettes for them. 
So, we need this legislation. We need 
to say that e-cigarettes are deemed a 
tobacco product. They come under the 
same restrictions for advertising and 
warnings as regular cigarettes. We 
need to ban online sales so that kids 
cannot go online and buy these things 
without having an ID. We need to ban 
flavors across-the-board because that is 
what masks the nicotine and makes 
people think it is okay, that somehow 
these are cessation devices, or even 
that if you smoke a menthol or mango 
cigarette, somehow that does not con-
tain nicotine and does not become ad-
dictive. 
Madam Speaker, I urge my col-
leagues to please vote for this legisla-
tion. Vote for the kids. It is that im-
portant. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
REQUEST TO ADD COSPONSORS TO H.R. 2339 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent to add Con-
gressman MICHAEL SAN NICOLAS, the 
Delegate from Guam, and Congressman 
GREG STANTON of Arizona, to be added 
as cosponsors of the legislation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair cannot entertain the request of 
the gentleman from New Jersey. 
The gentleman from New York (Mr. 
SUOZZI) and the gentleman from Ne-
braska (Mr. SMITH) each will control 
221⁄2 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New York. 
Mr. SUOZZI. Madam Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Madam Speaker, every Democrat and 
every Republican in this Chamber rec-
ognizes there is a youth vaping epi-
demic in the United States of America. 
I am sure that every Member of Con-
gress has heard stories about millions 
of middle school and high school stu-
dents using addictive vaping products. 
I became focused on this issue last 
year when a group of mothers from 
Parents Against Vaping e-cigarettes 
told me about the stories of schools 
filled with student vaping. I actually 
spoke to my 16-year-old son, and I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:32 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00018
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.016
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 17-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1273 
February 28, 2020 
learned just how prevalent vaping has 
become in the school districts in my 
community and how they are through-
out the country. 
We have to act, and we must act now. 
Madam Speaker, this important bi-
partisan legislation we are considering 
today includes my bipartisan bill, the 
Protecting American Lungs Act, which 
passed out of the Committee on Ways 
and Means with bipartisan support. 
This bill will establish much-needed 
tax parity between vaping products and 
cigarettes. It will tax nicotine, a harm-
ful and addictive substance, at approxi-
mately the same rate, whether you get 
it from an e-cigarette or from tradi-
tional cigarettes. 
Importantly, this bill includes an ex-
ception for FDA-approved nicotine re-
placement therapies, which means that 
if a company can prove that its product 
is a legitimate cessation device, then 
the nicotine will not be taxed. 
This bill has the support of over 50 
public health, medical, and educational 
organizations, including the American 
Academy of Nursing, the American 
Academy of Pediatrics, the Cancer Ac-
tion Network, the American Heart As-
sociation, the American Lung Associa-
tion, the American Medical Associa-
tion, and the Campaign for Tobacco- 
Free Kids. 
These groups agree that one of the 
best ways we can stop people from 
using vaping products is to tax them. 
For young people especially, who have 
less money and higher price sensi-
tivity, taxes on these products are an 
effective way to decrease usage. It is 
proven. 
In fact, according to the Campaign 
for Tobacco-Free Kids, every 10 percent 
increase in the cost of cigarettes leads 
to a 4 percent overall smoking reduc-
tion and 7 percent less youth smoking. 
I know that some people raised their 
voices against this effort. We have 
heard it all before when we fought to 
raise cigarette taxes in my State of 
New York. Some will say the science is 
not conclusive yet. Some will advocate 
for free choice. Others will say this is 
typical taxing Big Government. 
When it is all said and done, however, 
the opposition will come from those 
who put their lucrative nicotine inter-
ests ahead of our children’s health and 
proven public policy. 
In my home State of New York, de-
spite intense industry opposition, we 
raised cigarette taxes. Because of that, 
we have some of the Nation’s lowest 
rates of smoking and smoking-related 
illnesses. 
We can save lives with this bill by 
raising the prices of harmful vaping 
products and decreasing their usage 
among teenagers. The opportunity to 
stop the youth vaping epidemic is one 
that we must not pass up. 
Madam Speaker, I urge my col-
leagues to support this legislation, and 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Madam 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I 
may consume. 
Madam Speaker, we know that smok-
ing is bad for us. We all agree we don’t 
want kids using tobacco or vaping, 
which is why we came together on a bi-
partisan basis last year to make it 
hard for kids to access these products 
by raising the legal age to buy them to 
21. 
I cosponsored last year’s bill to raise 
the age. Mr. SUOZZI was also a cospon-
sor of that bill, and I am glad we got 
that done. 
The questions we are addressing 
today from the Committee on Ways 
and Means’ perspective, however, are 
whether we should tax vaping products 
and by how much. 
b 1030 
I am going to vote ‘‘no’’ today be-
cause we don’t have a good answer. 
I will give the sponsor of this pro-
posal credit. They endeavored to tax 
liquid nicotine at a per-unit level com-
parable to the tax-to-nicotine ratio of 
cigarettes, and they appear to have 
come very close to that goal. 
However, tobacco isn’t taxed because 
it contains nicotine. It is taxed because 
we understand the serious health con-
sequences which come with smoking or 
chewing 
tobacco 
itself, 
and 
those 
health consequences create vast costs 
for programs like Medicare and Med-
icaid. 
If we are going to consider taxing 
vaped nicotine, we first need to address 
the underlying issues, such as the 
value of vaping as a smoking-cessation 
tool, the relative safety of vaped nico-
tine versus cigarette smoking and what 
really caused the spate of vaping-re-
lated illnesses we have seen in the past 
year. I will start with the easiest one 
first. 
According to the CDC, the vaping-re-
lated illnesses can be tied back to vita-
min E acetate, an oil used in THC 
vaping, not to the ingredients used to 
vape nicotine. Taxing nicotine does 
nothing to address vitamin E acetate. 
Second, how safe is vaping compared 
to smoking, and what is its value as a 
smoking-cessation tool? 
The British Journal of Family Medi-
cine found e-cigarettes are 95 percent 
safer than traditional smoking, based 
on the fact most harmful chemicals 
from smoking are not present, and 
those which are present pose a limited 
amount of danger. 
Another study from Britain’s NHS 
found e-cigarettes were nearly twice as 
likely as nicotine gum or lozenges to 
help quit long term. 
At the same time, a study from the 
nonpartisan National Bureau of Eco-
nomic Research found the State of 
Minnesota’s efforts to bring parity to 
the taxation of cigarettes and e-ciga-
rettes actually flatlined the State’s 
smoking-cessation trend, while other 
States which didn’t raise taxes contin-
ued to see smoking decrease. 
Let me say that again. The State of 
Minnesota’s efforts to bring parity to 
the taxation of cigarettes and e-ciga-
rettes actually flatlined the State’s 
smoking-cessation trend, while other 
States which did not raise taxes con-
tinued to see smoking decrease. 
At the same time, JCT’s economists 
tell us increasing the cost of e-ciga-
rettes with taxes will cause some peo-
ple to choose cigarettes over e-ciga-
rettes. That is not a choice we should 
be encouraging people to make. 
These are all factors which we could 
have considered in a bipartisan fashion 
before the Ways and Means Committee 
marked up this bill had we had any 
hearings whatsoever on vaping or this 
proposal itself. 
Madam Speaker, we should be open 
to a conversation about the best way 
to ensure the tax code treats tobacco 
and e-cigarettes appropriately. Rush-
ing this bill through is not the solu-
tion. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SUOZZI. Madam Speaker, before 
I yield to the chairman of our com-
mittee, I just want to note again that 
the Protecting American Lungs and 
Reversing the Youth Tobacco Epidemic 
Act has an exception for FDA-approved 
nicotine replacement therapies and has 
over 50 public health, medical, and edu-
cational organizations supporting it. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to 
the 
gentleman 
from 
Massachusetts 
(Mr. NEAL), the chairman of the Ways 
and Means Committee who is just a 
fantastic chairman. 
Mr. NEAL. Madam Speaker, I sup-
port H.R. 2339, which will address the 
epidemic 
of 
rising 
youth 
smoking 
across the country. 
Importantly, the bill before us today 
incorporates a proposal reported by the 
Ways and Means Committee that would 
establish a Federal excise tax on nico-
tine products, including vaping prod-
ucts. 
I thank TOM SUOZZI, who has really 
done a great job on this, in a bipartisan 
effort, to ensure that e-cigarette prod-
ucts are taxed the same as traditional 
tobacco. 
Studies show that excise taxes reduce 
both adult and underage smoking. In 
general, every 10 percent increase in 
the real price of cigarettes reduces the 
number of kids who smoke by 6 to 7 
percent and reduces overall cigarette 
consumption by 3 to 5 percent. 
In recognition of the effort that we 
are making this morning, measured by 
the effectiveness of excise taxes as 
they reduce youth smoking, the World 
Health Organization recommends that 
e-cigarettes be treated and regulated in 
the same way as traditional tobacco 
products. 
The Surgeon General has said that 
raising prices on cigarettes is ‘‘one of 
the most effective tobacco control 
interventions’’ 
because 
it 
reduces 
smoking, particularly among kids. 
With this legislation, we are simply 
building on what we already know 
works. We are ensuring that nicotine 
will be taxed at approximately the 
same rate, whether you get it from e- 
cigarettes or traditional cigarettes. 
The revenue that we raise by cre-
ating parity here will be reinvested 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:32 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00019
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K28FE7.021
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 18-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1274 
February 28, 2020 
into important public health work such 
as 
smoking 
cessation, 
colorectal 
screening, and increasing access to 
treatment for people with chronic lung 
disease. Specifically, we will provide 
needed financial protection for Medi-
care beneficiaries undergoing impor-
tant colorectal cancer screenings. 
I 
want 
to 
thank 
Representative 
PAYNE for leading efforts on this com-
monsense policy that would reduce 
out-of-pocket costs for seniors to ac-
cess this effective preventative care. 
In addition, H.R. 2339 allows high-de-
ductible health plans to cover inhalers 
and nebulizers for treatment of chronic 
lung disease. Under this provision, pa-
tients will receive coverage before 
reaching their deductible and remain 
eligible for health savings accounts. 
For patients with chronic lung disease, 
lower cost and easier access to these 
treatments reduces the use of more ex-
pensive medical care, including hos-
pitalization. 
I thank Mr. COX and Ms. SEWELL for 
leading on these provisions. 
This legislation will protect our chil-
dren 
from 
significant 
health 
con-
sequences that come with nicotine ad-
diction, while helping seniors and pa-
tients with chronic lung disease. 
Madam Speaker, I urge my col-
leagues to step up this morning and 
vote for this very important measure. 
Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Madam 
Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gen-
tleman from Georgia (Mr. FERGUSON). 
Mr. FERGUSON. Madam Speaker, as 
we stand here today, I look at this bill 
with mixed emotions. 
Like the gentleman from New York, 
from the Ways and Means Committee, 
I, too, have a 16-year-old son, and we 
have had discussions about the youth 
vaping epidemic and a real desire to 
curb—not only curb, but to end youth 
vaping. It is a public health crisis, and 
we must address it. 
We have done some very important 
things in this body. 
I heard one speaker, a few minutes 
ago, say that the President has done 
nothing to address this issue. I think 
signing into law T21 is a very impor-
tant piece of legislation and a very big 
step. 
Doing all that we can to end youth 
vaping and youth use of tobacco is im-
portant. As a healthcare provider for 25 
years, I understand this. More impor-
tantly, as a father of a teenager, I un-
derstand it. 
I have learned in Congress that many 
times I don’t get to vote on the bill 
that I want; I have to vote on the bill 
that is in front of me, and that is just 
the way it goes here. 
But I will tell you what. This bill 
makes it almost impossible—as a mat-
ter of fact, it makes it impossible to do 
the one thing that we all agree on, 
which is that we need to end youth 
vaping, because let me tell you what 
this bill does. It goes way beyond that. 
I would be willing to bet that most 
Americans in the districts of the spon-
sors of these bills don’t know every-
thing that these folks are about to vote 
on. I would be willing to bet, as they 
should, that they have communicated 
to the constituents back home that 
they are attacking youth vaping. That 
is a solid, solid thing to do. But what I 
bet that they haven’t done is tell them 
what else they are about to do. 
The gentleman from Oregon, the 
ranking member on the Committee on 
Energy and Commerce, in the previous 
section of this debate held up a poster 
with many of the products that are 
about to be banned. I bet most Ameri-
cans don’t know that that is coming, 
and I think that they should know. I 
think it should be part of this discus-
sion. 
I think it is outrageous that this 
body, once again, is going to try to tell 
the American people what they can 
have and what they can’t have. 
They are not banning tobacco; they 
are only banning choices. 
They are not taxing high-end to-
bacco; they are taxing low-end tobacco. 
They are not taxing high-end cigars; 
they are taxing the cigars that the 
working class, the men and women out 
there that are on the lines every day, 
the ones that they are using. 
What I find that is just absolutely re-
markable on this is that they are not 
even looking at this in a comprehen-
sive fashion to deal with another im-
portant part of vaping, and that is with 
marijuana and vitamin E acetate. 
I think that if we are going to go 
down this road and have the discussion 
about youth vaping, why are we not in-
cluding flavored marijuana in this bill? 
It is a real question. 
Look at where the lung damage is oc-
curring—not the addiction, but let’s 
look at where the actual tissue damage 
occurs. It is coming from the vitamin E 
acetate that is associated with THC in 
these pods, and yet we are not touching 
that piece of it. 
As a matter of fact, the chairman of 
the Energy and Commerce Committee, 
in the Rules Committee the other 
night, actually indicated that this was 
not necessarily a youth vaping bill but, 
in fact, a tobacco bill. Well, I was 
proud that he, at least at that point, 
told the truth on that part. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Madam 
Speaker, I yield the gentleman from 
Georgia an additional 2 minutes. 
Mr. FERGUSON. Again, what this 
bill does is it goes after Americans’ 
choice. You may not think that they 
should use tobacco—we can acknowl-
edge the health risk associated with 
it—but it is not Congress’ job to make 
that decision for adults, for the Amer-
ican voter. 
We have seen a consistent pattern of 
this. We have seen it time and time 
again, whether it was from a mayor in 
a large city like New York telling 
Americans what size Coke or soft drink 
they could have to something as out-
rageous as my friends on the other side 
of the aisle trying to tell the American 
voter who the President should be 
through the impeachment process. Now 
they are going to tell them what kind 
of tobacco they can use. It goes on and 
on and on and on. 
And do you know what? If we con-
tinue down this path, it really does 
start to look and smell and sound just 
like socialism. I don’t think that is 
right for this country, and we should 
fight back against it. 
Mr. SUOZZI. Madam Speaker, I just 
want to point out to my good friend 
from Georgia that the tax does not ex-
empt premium cigars in any way what-
soever. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to 
the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLU-
MENAUER), a senior member of the 
Ways and Means Committee and chair 
of the Trade Subcommittee. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Madam Speaker, 
I appreciate the gentleman’s courtesy, 
and I appreciate his leadership on this 
issue. 
I have listened to my friends on the 
other side of the aisle, and I am sad-
dened that they somehow feel that this 
is boiling down to some sort of notion 
of choice, discrimination against Afri-
can Americans. 
Let’s get a grip here. The cigarette is 
the only product which, if used as di-
rected, will kill you. That is why Big 
Tobacco has become a genius at mar-
keting. They have to replace their cus-
tomers that they kill every day by the 
thousands. 
That is why they are looking at 
being able to hook, especially, young 
people who are more impressionable, 
and they will smoke longer if they are 
addicted. 
That is how they hooked my father. 
He was part of the GIs in the Pacific 
who got free cigarettes and became ad-
dicted. It killed him. 
This is the latest chapter in this in-
sidious marketing juggernaut. 
I am sorry, it is not discrimination 
against African Americans who some-
how have a genetic predisposition to-
ward menthol flavoring. That is the re-
sult of tactics by Big Tobacco, by using 
advertising, politics, culture to target 
this population, and it has been suc-
cessful. Their use is much higher than 
the general population. 
Dealing with vaping and e-cigarettes 
is the latest chapter in that recruit-
ment that they have to replace the cus-
tomers who die. 
Well, I would suggest that, first and 
foremost, it is widely understood that 
taxation is the single most effective 
mechanism to discourage use, espe-
cially for young people. We are doing it 
in this legislation, and it is important. 
Now, I have heard my friends on the 
other side of the aisle, my good friend 
from Oregon, holding up two charts, 
products that will be illegal, that are 
widely available now, and then talking 
about cannabis products and that there 
is no regulation. 
b 1045 
Well, that is because we have failed 
to actually deal with regulating can-
nabis. That is like regulating flavored 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:32 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00020
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K28FE7.023
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 19-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1275 
February 28, 2020 
heroin. When we tax and regulate can-
nabis—and we have legislation that has 
passed out of the Judiciary Committee 
that would enable us to have regula-
tion. The Commerce Committee is 
looking at being able to research, but 
we are prohibited by outmoded Federal 
law from actually being able to re-
search this. 
The challenge that we have now is to 
be able to move forward, to be able to 
protect young people and the public. 
Cannabis is a red herring. If we tax 
and regulate it, then we can deal with 
the products they are talking about. 
But unless and until, as two-thirds of 
the States have done, we actually tax 
and regulate it, we can’t deal with 
that. That doesn’t matter. 
But today we can do something. 
Today, we can move this legislation 
forward to protect young people, to 
have a reasonable tax mechanism, to 
be able to finally strike a blow against 
the Big Tobacco marketing juggernaut 
that is e-cigarettes and flavored to-
bacco. 
I strongly urge support of this legis-
lation. I appreciate what has been done 
going forward. We should not fall for 
the phony argument that somehow be-
cause we haven’t regulated cannabis, 
we haven’t solved the problem. 
Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Madam 
Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-
tlewoman from West Virginia (Mrs. 
MILLER). 
Mrs. MILLER. Madam Speaker, I rise 
in opposition to the legislation before 
us, because today my colleagues across 
the aisle are trying to tax people who 
want to quit smoking. It is cut and 
dried. That is the issue, and it is just 
plain wrong. 
I commend this House for the ad-
vances we have made this year when it 
comes to addressing youth nicotine 
use. Up until this point, we have al-
ready raised the purchasing age of to-
bacco products to 21 years old. We have 
already 
increased 
age 
verification 
standards for the online sales of e-ciga-
rettes, and we are continuously per-
forming oversight over vaping-associ-
ated lung injuries. These are serious 
actions to address serious problems. 
But this bill before us today com-
pletely misses the mark and punishes 
the very people who should be sup-
ported. Give me a break. 
Studies show that taxing vaping 
products increases cigarette use, not 
inhibits it. And further, this doesn’t 
even address the root of vaping-related 
lung injuries, because the supporters of 
this 
bill 
remain 
silent—silent—on 
black market THC products. 
Federal health officials recently re-
ported a case study that found 95 per-
cent of vaping-related injuries were 
caused by using these illicit products. 
This is the real problem. 
Instead of overregulating this indus-
try and overburdening taxpayers try-
ing to take control of their healthcare, 
I request that my colleagues vote 
against H.R. 2339. 
Mr. SUOZZI. Madam Speaker, I just 
want to note again that the bipartisan 
Protecting American Lungs Act, again, 
has over 50 public health, medical, and 
educational organizations supporting 
it. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to 
the 
gentleman 
from 
Illinois 
(Mr. 
DANNY K. DAVIS), another senior mem-
ber of the Ways and Means Committee, 
the chairman of the Subcommittee on 
Worker and Family Support, and my 
good friend. 
Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. 
Madam Speaker, I want to thank the 
gentleman from New York for yielding 
and for his leadership on this issue. 
You know, I have never appreciated 
being discriminated against, but I have 
always been told that if you fool me 
once, shame on you; fool me twice, 
shame on me. 
And there is one thing that we do 
know. We know from evidence-based 
research that tobacco products that 
are smoked, inhaled, or chewed, have 
no measurable health benefits. Tobacco 
product usage is still one of the leading 
causes of preventable death in the 
United States, resulting in an esti-
mated 480,000 lives each year. 
Cigarette usage is still declining in 
the United States. Some analysts have 
reported that 34 million American 
adults smoke cigarettes on a regular 
basis, and there are 1.2 million Amer-
ican middle and high school students 
who smoked cigarettes in the last 30 
days. According to the Centers for Dis-
ease Control and Prevention, 8.1 mil-
lion American adults used e-cigarettes 
every day or some days in 2018, and 
about 5.4 million American middle and 
high school students have used an e- 
cigarette in the last 30 days. 
I support H.R. 2339, Protecting Amer-
ican Lungs and Reversing the Youth 
Tobacco Epidemic Act of 2020. This bill 
would stop the manufacturing and use 
of fruity and flavored tobacco products 
in all electronic nicotine delivery sys-
tems that are battery operated con-
taining nicotine and other chemicals. 
In addition, this legislation would 
provide grants to community health 
workers and educational awareness to 
cessation programs for tobacco. 
Madam Speaker, I urge my col-
leagues to vote for this bill. 
Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Madam 
Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gen-
tleman from Kansas (Mr. ESTES). 
Mr. ESTES. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today in opposition to H.R. 2339. 
I want to be clear from the outset, we 
need to find ways to keep vaping and 
tobacco products out of the hands of 
children and teenagers, including legal 
products that contain nicotine, as well 
as the black market products that con-
tain THC and which have contributed 
to an alarming number of health con-
cerns and deaths, including two in my 
home State of Kansas. 
In recent months, these deaths have 
rightly attracted national attention 
and scrutiny, but the bill before us 
today is not the right solution to ad-
dress this troubling situation. 
Instead of following regular order, 
the tax title of this legislation did not 
have a hearing prior to markup in the 
Ways and Means Committee. I believe 
our constituents deserve to know about 
the impacts of vaping and the direct 
causes of recent deaths before we con-
sider a $10 billion tax hike. 
In addition, the substance of this leg-
islation is technically flawed. While 
the bill is titled the ‘‘Protecting Amer-
ican Lungs and Reversing the Youth 
Tobacco Epidemic Act,’’ it does noth-
ing to address youth access to tobacco. 
Congress has already raised the legal 
age of tobacco and nicotine consump-
tion to 21 in December of last year. Be-
cause of this action, it seems that the 
only purpose of this legislation is to 
eliminate choice of millions of law- 
abiding adults. 
The tax chapter of this legislation 
defines ‘‘taxable nicotine,’’ not vaping. 
This targets other legal nicotine prod-
ucts that are unrelated to vaping. A 
better solution would have been to use 
the FDA’s definition of Electronic Nic-
otine Delivery Systems, or ENDS. 
Additionally, this legislation taxes 
nicotine on the basis of weight. It 
would have been more appropriate and 
technically easier to tax vaping on the 
basis of milliliters, just as Kansas has 
done, as vaping products are sold as 
liquids. 
Instead of targeting black market 
products, the bill levies a nearly $10 
billion tax on American consumers of 
these legal products, which medical 
journals have found to be 95 percent 
safer than cigarettes. 
This nicotine tax does not reflect the 
harm of vapor products related to tra-
ditional tobacco products. Instead it 
taxes vaping at a higher level per unit 
than traditional combustible tobacco 
products, which may encourage adults 
to transition back to cigarettes. 
Both the CDC and the FDA have ac-
knowledged that the outbreak of lung 
illnesses and deaths are mostly attrib-
utable to illicit marijuana and THC in 
vaping, which are not addressed at all 
in this bill. 
The bill appears to be primarily a 
massive money grab and another step 
towards an outright tobacco ban rather 
than a solution to a very real health 
crisis. 
I look forward to working to address 
the crisis, but I urge my colleagues 
today to vote against this bill. 
Mr. SUOZZI. Madam Speaker, I in-
clude in the RECORD an analysis by the 
Campaign for Tobacco Free Kids, show-
ing that e-cigarette use is dramatically 
higher among high school and middle 
school students than amongst adults. 
ACTION NEEDED: E-CIGARETTES 
Since their introduction in 2008, e-ciga-
rettes have become both ubiquitous and an 
increasing source of public policy concern 
and debate. This concern stems primarily 
from drastic increases in youth e-cigarette 
use. The most recent data show that 27.5% of 
high schoolers are using these products—a 
rate of youth tobacco product use not seen in 
nearly two decades. The public health com-
munity, parents and educators are shocked 
and worried to find their children and stu-
dents using these products at home and even 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:32 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00021
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K28FE7.026
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 20-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1276 
February 28, 2020 
in class. Young people are reporting severe 
signs of dependence, including using e-ciga-
rettes when they first wake up, inability to 
concentrate in the classroom without using 
an e-cigarette, and even waking in the night 
to get a nicotine fix. 
We have known for decades that youth in 
particular should not be exposed to nicotine 
because it changes brain chemistry to create 
a stronger addiction, can lead to memory 
and concentration problems, and can make 
youth who use it more susceptible to addic-
tion to other substances. Research also sug-
gests that young people who use e-cigarettes 
are four times more likely to go on to smoke 
combustible cigarettes. 
E-cigarettes are now threatening to undo 
all the progress that the public health com-
munity and government have made over dec-
ades to reduce cigarette smoking. Indeed, 
the surgeon general raised the alarm by 
issuing an advisory declaring a youth e-ciga-
rette epidemic in December 2018. Since then, 
data show that more and more youth con-
tinue to use e-cigarettes. And this isn’t just 
experimental or occasional use—it’s regular 
use likely driven by addiction. The most re-
cent National Youth Tobacco Survey data 
show that 34.2% of current high school e-cig-
arette users use them on 20 days or more per 
month. 
Conversely, as the youth e-cigarette epi-
demic has continued unabated, we have seen 
adults, and especially older smokers, simply 
reject the product. In 2014, the first year that 
the National Health Interview Survey meas-
ured adult use of e-cigarettes, 3.7% of adults 
used the product in the last 30 days. In 2018, 
the adult usage remained low, at 3.2%, and 
was largely driven by young adult users 
(7.6%), who have matured during the youth 
e-cigarette epidemic. While some adults have 
switched completely to e-cigarettes from 
combustible 
cigarettes, 
the 
predominant 
pattern among adult users continues to be e- 
cigarette use in conjunction with smoking. 
This ‘‘dual use,’’ however, provides no reduc-
tion in the harms associated with smoking. 
As youth use continues to rise, the science 
around the potential harms of e-cigarettes 
has grown. Studies show that e-cigarettes 
produce lower amounts, but are not free 
from the toxins found in cigarettes. At the 
same time, flavoring compounds and other 
ingredients may be producing their own 
unique harms. Recent studies demonstrate 
the harms e-cigarettes pose to the res-
piratory system. Similarly, new studies show 
e-cigarettes may present unique threats to 
cardiovascular health. It continues to be 
nearly impossible to make generalized state-
ments about the potential harms and bene-
fits of the overall category of e-cigarettes 
due to the incredible variation in hardware 
design and ingredients. Moreover, as indus-
try executives themselves have acknowl-
edged, we simply do not know the long-term 
health impacts of e-cigarette use. It took us 
many decades to understand the toxicity of 
cigarettes, and, even today, we are discov-
ering new ways in which they harm health. 
Simply put, the data show that e-ciga-
rettes as they are currently sold and regu-
lated in the United States are overwhelm-
ingly a vehicle for youth initiation, not 
adult cessation. E-cigarettes expose kids— 
who otherwise never would have been—to 
nicotine and put them at risk for both long- 
and short-term health consequences. 
THE POSITION OF TRUTH INITIATIVE ® 
Truth Initiative has maintained that there 
may be some possible public health benefit 
from properly regulated e-cigarettes, pro-
vided manufacturers can demonstrate that 
the products can help adults quit smoking 
combustible 
cigarettes 
safely 
and 
com-
pletely. However, no e-cigarette has been ap-
proved for smoking cessation and no e-ciga-
rette has gone through the rigorous sci-
entific review necessary to determine wheth-
er it actually does help smokers to quit. Fur-
thermore, any public health benefit from e- 
cigarettes for smokers must be weighed 
against the incredibly high youth use of e- 
cigarettes and the fact that there are cur-
rently no significant marketing restrictions 
on these products. Without a significant 
change in regulatory approach, it is unlikely 
that e-cigarettes will contribute to the over-
all benefit of public health. 
Mr. SUOZZI. Madam Speaker, I yield 
3 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-
fornia (Mr. COX), a good friend and 
leader on this important issue to re-
duce cost for Americans with chronic 
lung disease and asthma. 
Mr. 
COX 
of 
California. 
Madam 
Speaker, I rise today to applaud the in-
clusion of my bipartisan bill, the In-
haler Coverage and Access Now Act, 
the I CAN Act, into H.R. 2339, the Pro-
tecting American Lungs and Reversing 
the Youth Tobacco Epidemic Act of 
2020. 
The I CAN Act is about commonsense 
prevention and investing in consistent 
treatment to avoid expensive care later 
down 
the 
road. 
Moms 
and 
dads 
shouldn’t have to choose between pay-
ing their mortgage or paying their rent 
or buying an inhaler for their kids. No 
one should have to make that choice. 
The I CAN Act allows you to access in-
halers, 
whether 
or 
not 
you 
have 
reached your deductible. For so many 
families, this removes a critical cost 
barrier for the care they need and de-
serve. 
Like so many preventive medicines 
and procedures, inhalers actually save 
patients, hospitals, and insurers money 
by cutting down on hospitalizations 
and medical emergencies before they 
start. As we all know, an ounce of pre-
vention is worth a pound of cure. 
Today, the annual cost of asthma in 
the United States is more than $56 bil-
lion. Why is that? That is because of 
the 1.8 million emergency room visits 
which could have been avoided if peo-
ple had the inhalers they needed. 
But worse yet are the 3,300 deaths 
from asthma each year. And these 
deaths were preventable. Let me say 
that again: These deaths were prevent-
able. And in the richest country in the 
world, it is an outrage that anyone dies 
because they cannot get the medicine 
they need. We need to make treatment 
accessible, and this bill does just that. 
For so many families, our friends and 
our coworkers, asthma medicine is life-
saving, and many will pay whatever it 
takes to get the drugs they need. 
Naturally, Big Pharma knows this, 
and they have taken advantage of that. 
For example, albuterol, one of the old-
est asthma medicines, typically costs 
$50 to $100 per inhaler in the U.S. Less 
than a decade ago, it was $15. Then the 
manufacturer 
made 
some 
small 
changes, repatented it, and raised the 
price by 600 percent. That is price 
gouging. And while it might be good 
for the drug company’s bottom lines, it 
is bad medicine for America. 
I represent California’s 21st Congres-
sional District in the San Joaquin Val-
ley, which has the worst air basin in 
the Nation. And to make matters 
worse, many of our rural communities 
have faced extreme challenges when 
accessing asthma care. 
For my constituents and for patients 
across the country with asthma, it was 
a major priority for me to introduce 
the I CAN Act, to remove barriers and 
increase access to inhalers by pro-
viding patients with the coverage for 
inhaler medication. 
I want to thank the Ways and Means 
Committee and the Energy and Com-
merce Committee for taking the nec-
essary action to protect the health of 
America’s children. 
We can pass the I CAN Act to make 
inhalers available to everyone. We can 
prevent youth tobacco use. We can ad-
dress the youth e-cigarette epidemic. 
We can, with our vote today, show we 
care, and we can act to improve the 
health of our young people. 
I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 
2339. 
Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Madam 
Speaker, I include in the RECORD 10 let-
ters in opposition to H.R. 2339. 
The first letter is from a group of let-
ter-writers that would include the 
Drug Policy Alliance, the Law Enforce-
ment Action Partnership, the National 
Action Network, the National Associa-
tion of Criminal Defense Lawyers, the 
National Association of Social Work-
ers, the Center for Popular Democracy, 
and 
the 
American 
Civil 
Liberties 
Union. 
Other letters come from the National 
Taxpayers Union, Freedom Works, R 
Street Institute, Citizens Against Gov-
ernment Waste, and the National Asso-
ciation of Convenience Stores. 
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 2020. 
Re Coalition Concerns with Blanket Prohibi-
tion on Menthol and Other Flavored To-
bacco within H.R. 2339, Reversing the 
Youth Tobacco Epidemic Act. 
Hon. FRANK PALLONE, 
Chairman, House Committee on Energy and 
Commerce, Washington, DC. 
The undersigned civil rights and civil lib-
erties organizations write to express con-
cerns with a broad prohibition on menthol 
and other flavored tobacco products within 
H.R. 2339, the Reversing the Youth Tobacco 
Epidemic Act of 2019. While this legislation 
is a well-intended effort to address health 
issues associated with tobacco use among 
youth, we have concerns that a blanket pro-
hibition on menthol and other flavored to-
bacco products, which will apply to adults, 
will (1) disproportionately impact people and 
communities of color; (2) trigger criminal 
penalties, prioritizing criminalization over 
public health and harm reduction; and (3) in-
stigate unconstitutional policing and other 
negative interactions with local law enforce-
ment. 
I. H.R. 2339 DISPROPORTIONATELY IMPACTS 
PEOPLE AND COMMUNITIES OF COLOR 
Of adults, approximately 80 percent of 
Blacks and 35 percent of Latinx who choose 
to smoke prefer menthol cigarettes. Thus, 
any ban on menthol cigarettes will dis-
proportionately affect people of color. While 
H.R. 2339 and similar legislation are often 
motivated by the desire to decrease and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:32 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00022
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.021
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 21-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1277 
February 28, 2020 
eliminate smoking among certain popu-
lations, Blacks and other people of color 
should not disproportionately bear the brunt 
of enforcement of such prohibitions, which a 
menthol ban would ensure. 
Similarly, enforcement of a ban on fla-
vored cigars will also disproportionally im-
pact people of color given cigar preferences. 
Black adults are 60% of cigarillo and non- 
premium cigar smokers, with these products 
often flavored. Additionally, at Committee 
markup, H.R. 2339 was amended to exempt 
certain traditional, expensive cigars from a 
prohibition of online tobacco sales. There is 
no justification for differentiating a La 
Palina from a Black and Mild. Making this 
distinction undermines the public health ar-
guments made for this bill and suggests that 
some tobacco preferences, within certain 
communities, will be prioritized and pro-
tected over others. 
II. H.R. 2339 INCREASES CRIMINAL PENALTIES 
OVER PUBLIC HEALTH 
H.R. 2339 prohibits menthol and other fla-
vored tobacco products under the Food, 
Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FD&C Act). This 
prohibition criminalizes the manufacturing, 
importing, distributing, or selling of men-
thol and other flavored tobacco products 
under the FD&C Act, imposing up to three 
years of imprisonment. Violating a menthol 
and flavored tobacco ban would implicate 
other federal criminal penalties as well. For 
example, the Federal Cigarette Contraband 
Trafficking Act would be implicated, allow-
ing up to five years of imprisonment. 
With a criminal legal system that incar-
cerates Blacks at nearly six times the rate of 
white Americans and a prison population 
that is 67 percent Black and Latinx, any pro-
hibition on menthol and flavored tobacco 
products promises continued overcriminal-
ization and mass incarceration of people of 
color. A ban on menthol and flavored to-
bacco products could reintroduce many of 
the harms imposed by the failed war on 
drugs as lawmakers work to legalize can-
nabis and take a public health approach to 
opioids. A bill criminalizing tobacco is con-
trary to those efforts. Righting the wrongs of 
earlier failed drug policy requires consider-
ation of the unintended consequences of 
well-intentioned policies, especially on the 
most vulnerable communities. It also re-
quires us to remember that harm reduction, 
including education and counseling, are what 
work to reduce usage and harm in our soci-
ety, not prohibition. 
III. H.R. 2339 ENCOURAGES HARMFUL POLICE 
PRACTICES 
Recent history shows us that drug prohibi-
tions and bans increase negative interactions 
between law enforcement and people of 
color. The New York Police Department’s 
(NYPD) stop and frisk program resulted in 
nearly 700,000 stops in 2011, with drugs serv-
ing as the alleged pretext for most of those 
stops. Ninety percent of those stops were of 
Black and Latinx people. We are concerned 
that law enforcement’s attempts to enforce a 
menthol and flavored tobacco ban will un-
doubtedly lead to fines, arrests, and eventual 
incarceration for those who continue to use 
and sell menthol and flavored tobacco prod-
ucts. While the legislation was amended at 
Committee to try to minimize law enforce-
ment practices here, it only applies in the 
context of federal enforcement of the FD&C 
Act; it does not govern local enforcement 
around any state and city prohibition poli-
cies that will follow. 
The death of Eric Garner in 2014 generated 
national attention not only for the brutality 
he experienced at the hands of NYPD police, 
but for the reason that led to the encounter 
with law enforcement. Mr. Garner died from 
an illegal chokehold having been stopped by 
police for selling single cigarettes in viola-
tion of state law. Gwendolyn Carr, Eric Gar-
ner’s mother, cautions: ‘‘When you ban a 
product sold mostly in Black communities, 
you must consider the reality of what will 
happen to that very same overrepresented 
community in the criminal justice system.’’ 
With a federal prohibition on menthol and 
flavored tobacco products, states will de-
velop their own prohibition and enforcement 
policies that could result in harmful police 
practices like that witnessed with Mr. Gar-
ner. 
Based on our concerns, we urge you to not 
impose a blanket ban on menthol and related 
tobacco products. A prohibition on all men-
thol and flavored tobacco products will not 
achieve a public heath goal of reducing 
smoking among Black people, young people, 
or others. We hope we can work together to 
avoid repetitions of policies that are in-
tended to protect youth and communities of 
color, but instead only further engrain sys-
temic criminalization and racism. 
Sincerely, 
American Civil Liberties Union, Drug Pol-
icy Alliance, Law Enforcement Action Part-
nership, National Action Network, National 
Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers, 
National Association of Social Workers, The 
Center for Popular Democracy. 
NATIONAL TAXPAYERS UNION, 
February 25, 2020. 
National Taxpayers Union urges all Rep-
resentatives to vote ‘‘NO’’ on H.R. 2339, the 
‘‘Protecting American Lungs and Reversing 
the Youth Tobacco Epidemic Act’’ of 2020. 
This disastrous legislation would signifi-
cantly raise taxes and limit the ability for 
cigarette smokers to transition to less harm-
ful vapor and e-cigarette products. 
As written, H.R. 2339 contains one of the 
largest tax increases considered by the 116th 
Congress to date. This legislation would levy 
a new excise tax on nicotine contained in 
vaping products to match the rate of the fed-
eral cigarette excise tax and could raise 
nearly $10 billion, according to CBO. It’s a 
significant tax hike that will severely harm 
consumers and small business owners. While 
there is likely to be harm to the economic 
health of the country, there would also be 
damage to the health of adults transitioning 
away from deadly cigarettes. According to a 
study published by the National Bureau of 
Economic Research, taxing vapor products 
at the same rate as traditional cigarettes 
would 
deter 
approximately 
2.75 
million 
Americans from kicking their habit. In other 
words, tax policy alone could make it less 
likely that millions of Americans make 
choices that would improve their health. 
It is particularly concerning that this leg-
islation prohibits all flavors of tobacco prod-
ucts, including menthol. In their attempts to 
quit, adult tobacco smokers typically start 
with tobacco-flavored e-liquid, but research 
indicates many end up switching to other 
flavors that this legislation would prohibit. 
Cracking down on legal-age buyers of fla-
vored e-cigarettes will limit access to less 
harmful alternatives that could potentially 
save hundreds of thousands of lives each 
year. Blanket prohibitions are seldom suc-
cessful and often lead consumers to untaxed 
and unregulated black markets to access 
products. 
These devastating provisions completely 
disregard the benefits vapor products have as 
an important cigarette cessation tool. Vapor 
products still allow users to consume nico-
tine, but avoid the traditional combustion of 
cigarettes, which contain toxins and other 
dangerous 
chemicals. 
Some 
government 
studies have found that e-cigarettes are 95 
percent safer than traditional tobacco prod-
ucts and can be as much as twice as effective 
as gum or patches to help users quit. Smok-
ing is a high-risk activity and providing 
smokers with a way to consume nicotine in 
a safer way is a large public health benefit, 
increasing life expectancy and reducing mor-
tality. 
Roll call votes on H.R. 2339 will be heavily- 
weighted in NTU’s annual Rating of Con-
gress and a ‘‘NO’’ vote will be considered the 
pro-taxpayer position. 
FREEDOMWORKS, 
February 26, 2020. 
KEY VOTE NO ON THE QUIT OR DIE ACT, H.R. 
2339 
On behalf of FreedomWorks’ activist com-
munity, I urge you to contact your rep-
resentative and ask him or her to vote NO on 
the ‘‘Protecting American Lungs and Revers-
ing the Youth Tobacco Epidemic Act,’’ H.R. 
2339. This bill is nothing short of an assault 
on the vaping industry, which provides 
smokers with a method of harm reduction 
that is 95 percent safer than traditional, 
combustible cigarettes. The message House 
Democrats are sending with H.R. 2339 is that 
Americans who want to kick the habit 
through vaping should either ‘‘quit or die.’’ 
H.R. 2339 would outright ban online sales of 
flavored vaping products, and ban the flavors 
themselves. The bill would also require 
graphic health warnings on tobacco pack-
aging. This is nanny state governance at its 
worst. 
Despite the bill’s wildly misleading short 
title, it will not, in fact, do anything to com-
bat youth usage of tobacco products. What it 
will do is make it more difficult for adult 
smokers to quit on their own terms. This bill 
prohibits the use of any and all character-
izing flavors of tobacco products, including 
menthol. It’s important to note this is not 
limited to e-cigarettes. Traditional menthol 
cigarettes would become illegal if this bill 
were made law. 
The sponsors of H.R. 2339, Reps. Frank Pal-
lone (D–N.J.) and Donna Shalala (D–Fla.), 
have put a stark choice before smokers in 
the United States: quit or die. Studies have 
shown that e-cigarettes are both 95 percent 
less harmful than traditional cigarettes and 
a more effective means of quitting. H.R. 2339 
takes that option entirely off the table. 
Under this legislation, if smokers cannot 
quit cold turkey, they are left to suffer the 
crippling medical consequences on their own. 
This bill also presents a variety of First 
Amendment concerns. It would require to-
bacco companies to provide graphic health 
warnings on their packaging. This is com-
pelled commercial speech by the govern-
ment, something that’s been ruled unconsti-
tutional a number of times. The late Su-
preme Court Justice Lewis Powell set forth a 
test for government regulation of commer-
cial speech. The two prongs were that in 
order to be regulated, the existing labeling 
must actively be misleading and there must 
be a substantial government interest in-
volved. The Pallone-Shalala bill fails both 
tests. 
Furthermore, this bill greatly increases 
the Food and Drug Administration’s (FDA) 
authority to regulate this space. The FDA 
would have the ability to hand down even 
more stringent regulations on the sale of ex-
isting products and collect fees or taxes on 
them. This is an unacceptable growth of an 
unelected bureaucratic agency. 
Amusingly, this package contains a provi-
sion that would require a study to be con-
ducted on the effects of e-cigarettes. This is 
a clear admission by the drafters of this leg-
islation that they not only ignored the med-
ical research surrounding vaping but that 
they also have no intention of doing so be-
fore they wholesale ban an entire category of 
products. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:32 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00023
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.020
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 22-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1278 
February 28, 2020 
H.R. 2339 also includes the text of H.R. 
4742. This aspect of the bill would impose a 
new excise tax on nicotine used in vaping, at 
a rate of $50.33 per 1,810 milligrams or at a 
proportional rate. The Congressional Budget 
Office projects that H.R. 4742 would increase 
tax revenues by nearly $10 billion over ten 
years. Obviously, this bill is aimed at deter-
ring people from vaping by increasing the 
costs, which will be passed along to the con-
sumer at the point of sale. 
This kind of excise tax typically impacts 
lower-income individuals. The National Cen-
ter for Biotechnological Information notes, 
‘‘In 2013, the prevalence of smoking among 
US adults living at or below the US Census 
poverty threshold was 80% greater than that 
of those living above the poverty line (33.8% 
compared to 18.7%). This elevated prevalence 
is in part due to the reality that compared to 
more advantaged smokers, over time dis-
advantaged smokers have a lesser likelihood 
of quitting.’’ 
We find it peculiar that House Democrats, 
who have so frequently relied on class war-
fare rhetoric to push a socialist agenda, have 
sought to protect the state and local tax 
(SALT) deduction—which overwhelmingly 
benefits higher-income earners in high-tax 
states like California, New Jersey, and New 
York—but are so willing to hit lower-income 
individuals with such a regressive tax. We 
find the hypocrisy palpable. 
Because H.R. 2339 creates new prohibitions 
on 
certain 
activities—including 
banning 
menthol and other flavors—it opens up the 
possibility of criminal penalties under the 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 333) 
and the Federal Cigarette Contraband Traf-
ficking Act (18 U.S.C. 2344). In short, individ-
uals who participate in this behavior could 
be exposed to fines and prison time. 
FreedomWorks will count the vote on H.R. 
2339 on our 2020 Congressional Scorecard and 
reserves the right to score any related votes. 
The scorecard is used to determine eligi-
bility for the FreedomFighter Award, which 
recognizes Members of the House and Senate 
who consistently vote to support economic 
freedom and individual liberty. 
Sincerely, 
ADAM BRANDON, 
President, FreedomWorks. 
R STREET, 
Washington, DC, February 25, 2020. 
DEAR SPEAKER PELOSI, MINORITY LEADER 
MCCARTHY AND MEMBERS OF THE HOUSE OF 
REPRESENTATIVES: The R Street Institute—a 
nonprofit, nonpartisan public policy research 
organization focused on pragmatic solutions 
to policy challenges—has a number of con-
cerns with H.R. 2339, the ‘‘Reversing the 
Youth Tobacco Epidemic Act of 2019.’’ We 
recognize 
that 
preventing 
non-smoking 
young people from establishing both e-ciga-
rette and combustible cigarette use is vital 
to the future health of the population. How-
ever, it is important to recognize that smok-
ing is the leading cause of preventable death 
in the United States, and we must contin-
ually evaluate the available strategies for 
decreasing tobacco-related morbidity and 
mortality. E-cigarettes provide such a strat-
egy. 
Undoubtedly, the youth use trend is cause 
for concern and continued investigation. 
However, this cannot be the only measure of 
the effect of e-cigarettes on population 
health. Based on the body of research as a 
whole, we urge the committee to consider 
pursuing policies that reflect the short- and 
long-term population health impact of e- 
cigarettes relative to the known harms of 
combustible cigarettes. 
E-CIGARETTES ARE A HARM REDUCTION AND 
SMOKING CESSATION TOOL 
The best available science indicates e-ciga-
rettes are not likely to exceed 5 percent of 
the harm associated with combustible ciga-
rettes, a conclusion supported by both Public 
Health England and recently the National 
Academies of Sciences, Engineering and 
Medicine. Also, like traditional nicotine re-
placement therapies, e-cigarettes do not 
produce environmental tobacco smoke that 
harms bystanders. It is estimated that e- 
cigarettes have the potential to save up to 6 
million lives by 2100 if only 10 percent of cur-
rent smokers switch to e-cigarettes in the 
next 10 years. 
Many experts recognize that e-cigarettes 
present a reduced risk because they do not 
employ the traditional cigarette combustion 
process that releases around 7,000 chemi-
cals—some of which are highly carcinogenic. 
For this reason, one such expert, former 
FDA commissioner Scott Gottlieb, has made 
reduced-risk products like e-cigarettes cen-
tral to the FDA’s roadmap: 
While it’s the addiction to nicotine that 
keeps people smoking, it’s primarily the 
combustion, which releases thousands of 
harmful constituents into the body at dan-
gerous levels that kills people. This fact rep-
resents both the biggest challenge to cur-
tailing cigarette addiction—and also holds 
the seeds of an opportunity that’s a central 
construct for our actions. E-cigarettes may 
present an important opportunity for adult 
smokers to transition off combustible to-
bacco products. 
Although there are a number of pharma-
ceutical products that can help smokers 
quit, it is important to remember that it is 
not only nicotine dependence that makes 
quitting combustible cigarettes difficult. For 
some, 
smoking 
offers 
stress 
relief, 
comradery or other psycho-social pleasure, 
and some even consider it a component of 
their identity. This often makes the physical 
act of smoking just as difficult to quit as the 
nicotine. Unlike the FDA-approved methods 
of smoking cessation, e-cigarettes do not 
force a smoker to forgo the secondary pleas-
ure they get from the act of smoking while 
they are adjusting to the physiological ef-
fects of decreased nicotine. 
Indeed, e-cigarettes have quickly become 
the number one quit tool in many parts of 
the world, allowing an untold number of 
smokers to quit cigarettes. Public health 
modeling has suggested that e-cigarettes are 
contributing to more rapid declines in smok-
ing rates than were seen in previous years. 
In the United States and the United King-
dom e-cigarettes have outpaced traditional 
quit methods (varenicline, nicotine replace-
ment therapies and counseling) and dem-
onstrate a higher degree of success. Further-
more, in a randomized trial, smokers who 
used e-cigarettes as a cessation device 
achieved sustained abstinence at roughly 
twice the rate of smokers who used nicotine 
replacement therapy. 
FLAVORS HELP SMOKERS TRANSITION AWAY 
FROM COMBUSTIBLE CIGARETTES 
The availability of non-tobacco flavors 
also assists smokers with the transition 
away 
from 
combustible 
cigarettes. 
The 
International Journal of Environmental Re-
search and Public Health reports that limi-
tations in flavor choices negatively impact 
user experience. About 40 percent of former 
and current adult smokers predict that re-
moving their ability to choose flavors would 
make them less likely to remain abstinent 
or attempt to quit. In fact, data suggests 
that current smokers are partial to the fla-
vor of traditional tobacco, while fruit and 
sweet flavors are preferred by former smok-
ers, indicating a correlation between flavors 
and sustained abstinence from combustible 
cigarettes. 
Moreover, it has recently been dem-
onstrated that e-cigarette users who use 
non-tobacco flavors, including menthol and 
non-menthol (fruit, sweet, dessert) flavors 
are more likely to completely switch from 
combustible 
cigarettes 
than 
those 
who 
choose tobacco flavors. Flavored e-liquids 
are yet another way that e-cigarettes can 
help smokers disassociate combustible ciga-
rettes—and the characteristic flavor—from 
their pleasurable effects. 
Although many organizations and leaders 
suggest flavors attract young people to e- 
cigarettes, the 2019 National Youth Tobacco 
Survey casts doubt on that assertion. Among 
middle school and high school students, the 
most commonly endorsed reason for using e- 
cigarettes was ‘‘I was curious about them.’’ 
Overall, 53 percent of students surveyed indi-
cated curiosity as a reason they use e-ciga-
rettes. The second most common reason for 
use was if a student’s friend or family mem-
ber used e-cigarettes. With just 22 percent of 
students endorsing availability of flavors as 
a reason for vaping, it is clear that social 
factors, not flavors, are the driving force be-
hind youth e-cigarette use. 
R STREET APPLAUDS RAISING THE AGE OF 
PURCHASE OF ALL TOBACCO PRODUCTS TO 21 
Of course, smokers are not the only popu-
lation impacted by e-cigarettes, and address-
ing youth use is important. Our organiza-
tion, the R Street Institute, endorsed raising 
the minimum age of purchase for all tobacco 
products to 21, which was signed into law 
Dec. 20, 2019. This change will help prevent 
youth access in high school by limiting op-
portunities for younger students to buy from 
peers who, prior to the federal minimum- 
age-to-purchase increase, obtained the prod-
ucts legally. In combination with more strin-
gent point-of-sale age verification and mean-
ingful penalties for merchants who violate 
minimum-age-to-purchase laws, this change 
will significantly limit youth access. 
The impact of nationwide 21-to-purchase 
legislation is yet to be evaluated; however, 
evidence from areas that raised the min-
imum age to purchase prior to the federal 
legislation suggests that this change will be 
highly effective at decreasing youth tobacco 
use. Following implementation of a 21-to- 
purchase law in Needham, Massachusetts, 
there was an unprecedented 47 percent reduc-
tion (from 13 to 7 percent) in past 30-day 
smoking rates among high schoolers over 
four years (2008–2012). 
R STREET DOES NOT SUPPORT BANNING NON- 
FACE-TO-FACE SALES OF E-CIGARETTES 
It is imperative that the availability of re-
duced-risk alternatives remains in place for 
people who use e-cigarettes as a cessation 
tool. According to the 2016 Surgeon General’s 
Report, in 2014, 20 percent of all e-cigarette 
sales occurred online. It is estimated that in 
2018, 32 percent of all e-cigarette sales oc-
curred online. As more proposals arise to 
limit what kinds of brick and mortar estab-
lishments are able to sell e-cigarettes or 
other reduced-risk products—all while pro-
tecting combustible sales—online sales may 
be the only point of access for people who, 
for many reasons, cannot reach specialty 
stores. It should not be a surprise to the 
committee that people who live with disabil-
ities, are economically disadvantaged or live 
in rural areas are overrepresented in the 
smoking population. These particular fac-
tors represent true barriers to face-to-face 
access to specialty products. Online sales 
and delivery may be the only way that 
smokers have access to safer products. 
Furthermore, there is a misperception that 
online sales of e-cigarettes are more vulner-
able to underage access. Legal retailers that 
sell their products online have strict FDA- 
mandated age verification systems that are 
successful in preventing underage access to 
their products. Unverified underage sales 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:32 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00024
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.022
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 23-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1279 
February 28, 2020 
largely occur on eBay or other websites 
where age verification is not vital. Banning 
non-face-to-face sales will not stop illegit-
imate online sales to underage persons from 
occurring, as these sales are already illegal. 
THE FDA’S ROLE IN PROTECTING PUBLIC HEALTH 
Finally, it is important to recognize that 
the FDA has developed a regulatory pathway 
to evaluate the safety and public health im-
pact of all new tobacco products, including 
considerations of flavors. This is a process 
that has been carefully designed over several 
years to ensure new tobacco products, like e- 
cigarettes, will not have a negative impact 
on the health of the population as a whole. 
Given that manufacturers must file their 
Premarket Tobacco Applications for all 
deemed tobacco products, which includes vir-
tually all e-cigarettes, by May 12, 2020 or 
risk removal from the market, it makes 
sense to delay enacting any federal bans. Al-
lowing the safety and regulatory experts at 
the FDA to lead the way in authorizing the 
sale of these products is the most appro-
priate way forward, something acknowledged 
by § 103(d.2) of this bill. 
Policies that treat e-cigarettes the same as 
combustible cigarettes encourage current 
smokers to continue doing enormous harm 
to their health by discouraging a switch 
from combustible products. Conversely, poli-
cies that reflect the lesser harm of e-ciga-
rettes can significantly reduce the enormous 
burden of disease that combustible ciga-
rettes impose on society. 
One thing is certain: We are all striving to 
improve and protect the nation’s health. To 
do so, we must recognize the potential for e- 
cigarettes to mitigate risks associated with 
combustible cigarettes if we wish to encour-
age a healthful populace. We encourage you 
to consider policies that reflect the reduced 
risk of e-cigarettes compared to combustible 
cigarettes as we work towards creating a 
healthier population. 
Thank you for your time and consider-
ation. 
Respectfully submitted, 
CARRIE WADE, PH.D., 
M.P.H., 
Director of Harm Re-
duction 
Policy, 
R 
Street Institute. 
CHELSEA BOYD, M.S., 
Research Associate in 
Harm Reduction Pol-
icy, R Street Insti-
tute. 
FEBRUARY 14, 2020. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE: On November 19, 
2019, H.R. 2339, the Reversing the Youth To-
bacco Epidemic Act of 2019, was reported out 
of the Energy and Commerce Committee. It 
is likely you will vote on this legislation be-
fore the end of February. 
The Council for Citizens Against Govern-
ment Waste (CCAGW) understands the con-
cerns Congress has with youth use of tobacco 
products, particularly electronic nicotine de-
livery systems (ENDS) and vaping, but legis-
lation was passed in December 2019 that 
raised the age from 18 to 21 for the legal use 
of any tobacco product. It would seem obvi-
ous that Congress should allow that new law 
to take hold before H.R. 2339, a far more 
drastic measure, is even considered. If this 
bill should become law, it would create a 
black market that will cause great harm to 
our citizens. On behalf of the more than 1 
million members and supporters of CCAGW, 
I ask that you oppose H.R. 2339. 
The legislation would make it illegal to 
sell any flavored ENDS product and ban fla-
vors in other tobacco products, including 
menthol, mint, and spice flavors found in 
combustible cigarettes and non-combustible 
products like flavored cigars and chewing to-
bacco. Only natural tobacco flavor would be 
allowed. 
Adults use ENDS and other non-combus-
tible harm-reduction tobacco products to 
quit smoking because they enjoy the sweet 
and fruity flavors, finding them essential in 
moving away from smoking. Banning men-
thol and other flavors, like spices and herbs 
found in combustible cigarettes and other 
products like chewing tobacco, will encour-
age many current users to find other sources 
of these flavors. Menthol crystals can easily 
be bought and enterprising street vendors 
will be eager to sell a variety of flavorings 
for all tobacco users. 
Much of the impetus behind H.R. 2339 was 
based on reports that youth use of e-ciga-
rettes had climbed significantly. The 2019 
National Youth Tobacco Survey data showed 
that 64.8 percent of youth had never tried an 
e-cigarette and 6.7 percent had used an e-cig-
arette in their entire life for more than 100 
days. The largest percent of youth purchased 
their e-cigarette from a friend, not a store. 
Certainly, 6.7 percent is a number to be con-
cerned about but whether that should be 
considered an epidemic and warrant passing 
such radical legislation that will hurt adults 
who are using harm reduction tobacco prod-
ucts to quit smoking is questionable. 
For example, according to 2017 Centers for 
Disease Control (CDC) statistics, it was 
found that among high school students, dur-
ing the past 30 days, 30 percent drank some 
amount of alcohol; 14 percent binge drank; 6 
percent drove after drinking alcohol; and, 17 
percent rode with a driver who had been 
drinking alcohol. Yet despite these numbers, 
Congress is not calling for a ban on alcohol. 
That was tried before with disastrous re-
sults. 
In late summer and into the early fall, 
there were reports of severe illnesses and 
death due to a national outbreak of ‘‘e-ciga-
rette, or vaping, product use-associated lung 
injury’’ or EVALI. The CDC admits that as 
of 
February 
11, 
2020 
the 
data 
shows 
tetrahydrocannabinol (THC)-containing e- 
cigarette, or vaping products, which were ob-
tained from ‘‘informal sources like friends, 
family, or in-person or online dealers, are 
linked to most EVALI cases and play a 
major role in the outbreak’’ and that ‘‘Vita-
min E acetate is strongly linked to the 
EVALI outbreak.’’ 
In other words, it was the illicit market 
that caused the problem, not the legitimate 
ENDS market that produces thousands of 
jobs and helps millions of ex-smokers stay 
away from combustible cigarettes that Con-
gress and the Food and Drug Administration 
are so keen to destroy. 
Fortunately, 
the 
EVALI 
cases 
have 
dropped significantly, so Congress and health 
officials should take heed. Tobacco is a legal 
product in the U.S. and even if Congress 
could ban it, there should be little doubt 
that China would step in and flood an illicit 
market as it is the leading producer of to-
bacco in the world. The same result will 
occur if flavors are banned, especially with 
ENDS products. Current adult users will ei-
ther go back to combustible cigarettes, 
which are deadly, or take the chance and 
purchase illegal products. Congress will have 
created a real health crisis that could have 
been avoided. 
Again, I urge you to vote no on H.R. 2339. 
All votes on this legislation will be among 
those considered for CCAGW’s 2020 Congres-
sional Ratings. 
Sincerely, 
TOM SCHATZ, 
President, CCAGW. 
NACS, 
Alexandria, VA, February 24, 2020. 
Re Key Vote Alert: Oppose the Reversing the 
Youth Tobacco Epidemic Act of 2019 
(H.R. 2339). 
Hon. NANCY PELOSI, 
Speaker, House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
Hon. KEVIN MCCARTHY, 
Minority Leader, House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR SPEAKER PELOSI AND LEADER MCCAR-
THY: The National Association of Conven-
ience Stores (NACS) represents the conven-
ience industry, which has approximately 
153,000 stores in the United States and em-
ployees over 2.36 million workers. In 2018, the 
convenience industry generated $654.3 billion 
in total sales. Convenience stores serve 
about 165 million people per day—around 
half of the U.S. population—and the industry 
processes nearly 75 billion payment trans-
actions per year. Yet, the industry is truly 
an industry of small businesses—approxi-
mately 62 percent of convenience store own-
ers operate a single store, and approximately 
74 percent of NACS’ membership is composed 
of companies that operate ten stores or 
fewer. 
The industry has devoted a substantial 
amount of time and resources to ensuring 
that 
convenience 
store 
operators 
are 
equipped to comply with federal, state, and 
local tobacco regulations. NACS shares 
Congress’s concern with the number of un-
derage users of e-cigarettes and supports leg-
islative efforts to curb underage use of to-
bacco products. 
NACS, however, opposes certain provisions 
in the Reversing the Youth Tobacco Epi-
demic Act of 2019 (H.R. 2339). H.R. 2339 would 
ban all flavored tobacco products—including 
menthol cigarettes, flavored smokeless to-
bacco, and flavored cigars—which in turn 
would create an illicit market for these fla-
vored tobacco products. 
It’s important for lawmakers to under-
stand the impact that banning flavored to-
bacco products would have on the market. 
Today, the menthol market accounts for 
roughly 30 percent of cigarette sales and the 
flavored market accounts for roughly 50 per-
cent of cigar sales. What’s more, nearly 86 
percent of smokeless tobacco sales are for 
flavored products. It is unreasonable to as-
sume that consumers will simply transition 
away 
from 
these 
flavored 
products 
to 
unflavored tobacco alternatives. 
Instead, a ban on menthol cigarettes, fla-
vored smokeless tobacco, and flavored cigars 
will undoubtedly lead to a black market for 
these products because of the broad con-
sumer base that exists among adult users. 
When that happens, the illicit purveyors of 
menthol cigarettes, flavored smokeless to-
bacco, and flavored cigars, operating outside 
of the law, will not discriminate among their 
customers based on age. We already see this 
problem in the large illicit tobacco market 
that exists today. 
Moreover, growth in the illicit market for 
tobacco increases health concerns. Congress, 
when it passed the Tobacco Control Act in 
2009, granted the Food and Drug Administra-
tion (FDA) the authority to regulate tobacco 
products, including oversight into how to-
bacco products are manufactured. Tobacco 
manufacturers create products that are fully 
scrutinized and regulated by FDA; black 
market suppliers may ignore those regula-
tions. Banning menthol cigarettes, flavored 
smokeless tobacco, and flavored cigars will 
eliminate FDA’s oversight of these products, 
an important public health safeguard that 
Congress intended in the Tobacco Control 
Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:40 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00025
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.024
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 24-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1280 
February 28, 2020 
A ban of menthol cigarettes, flavored 
smokeless tobacco, and flavored cigars also 
will create a ‘‘grey’’ market. Without a do-
mestic source for these products, adult users 
will purchase them over the Internet, when 
they travel abroad, and through bulk im-
porters/distributors. Again, these products 
will be unregulated by the FDA, therefore 
losing whatever health protections that Con-
gress intended in the Tobacco Control Act. 
The FDA needs to have a plan and dem-
onstrated ability to deal with the problems 
of the illicit market for tobacco products be-
fore anyone considers a ban on menthol ciga-
rettes, flavored smokeless tobacco, and fla-
vored cigars. If a ban comes first, children 
and public health will be negatively im-
pacted by the resulting illicit market. 
Because of these concerns, NACS is key 
voting the bill and urges you to vote against 
H.R. 2339. 
Respectfully, 
LYLE BECKWITH, 
Senior Vice President, Government Relations. 
Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Madam 
Speaker, I will include letters from 
Americans for Tax Reform, Altria, 
Taxpayer Protection Alliance, and the 
Tax Foundation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SUOZZI. Madam Speaker, I just 
want to mention again that the Pro-
tecting American Lungs Act had over 
50 public health, medical, and edu-
cational organizations sponsoring it. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to 
the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. 
SHALALA), a very good friend, a real 
leader on health issues, and the former 
Secretary of Health and Human Serv-
ices in the United States of America. 
Ms. SHALALA. Madam Speaker, I 
would like to submit for the RECORD a 
letter from the leading voice of African 
American physicians, Dr. Louis Sul-
livan, in support of the legislation. 
Dr. Sullivan was my predecessor at 
HHS. He served as Secretary from 1989 
to 1993 under President Bush and is the 
president 
emeritus 
of 
Morehouse 
School of Medicine. 
LOUIS W. SULLIVAN, MD, 
Atlanta, GA, February 26, 2020. 
Hon. FRANK PALLONE, 
Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
DEAR CHAIRMAN PALLONE: I write to you 
today to express my strong support for H.R. 
2339, Reversing the Youth Tobacco Epidemic, 
and I urge its passage by the House of Rep-
resentatives. 
There is an urgent need for action to pro-
tect the health of Americans—including the 
health of our young minority citizens—from 
the adverse health consequences of tobacco, 
including menthol-flavored cigarettes. For 
too many years, the tobacco industry has 
used menthol cigarettes—and now flavored 
cigars—to prey on minority youth and addict 
them to deadly tobacco products. 
In 2011, the Food and Drug Administra-
tion’s Tobacco Products Scientific Advisory 
Committee found that removing menthol 
cigarettes from the marketplace ‘‘would ben-
efit public health in the United States.’’ It 
concluded that menthol cigarettes have been 
disproportionately 
targeted 
at 
African 
Americans and have been disproportionately 
smoked by African Americans. Yet, the Food 
and Drug Administration failed to act to re-
move these products from the marketplace. 
A number of localities prohibit the sale of 
all flavored products, including menthol 
cigarettes. Local action is important but 
local policies will not protect millions of Af-
rican Americans: Congress must remove all 
flavored products from store shelves in order 
to protect minority populations. A nation-
wide policy will also help end inconsistent 
enforcement. 
Removing all flavored tobacco products, 
including 
menthol 
cigarettes 
will 
save 
lives—especially the lives of our minority 
citizens. I urge you and the House to move 
forward with removing all flavored tobacco 
products, including menthol cigarettes and 
flavored cigars. 
Sincerely yours, 
LOUIS W. SULLIVAN, MD, 
President 
Emeritus, 
Morehouse School of 
Medicine, U.S. Sec-
retary of Health and 
Human 
Services, 
1989–1993. 
b 1100 
Madam Speaker, as our Nation an-
ticipates the probability of a pandemic, 
here today in this House, the people’s 
House, we have the opportunity to save 
millions of young lives that would be 
cut short by nicotine if we fail to act. 
I am not exaggerating. The CDC pre-
dicted that, if the children of our coun-
try continue to use tobacco products at 
the current rate, 5.6 million will have 
premature deaths. 
This is a test of our courage. Let’s 
look at the facts. 
In 1997, 24.6 percent of all 12th grad-
ers reported daily use of cigarettes. 
Thanks to smart, tough policies and a 
national commitment to reducing ciga-
rette use, those numbers dropped to 3.6 
percent by 2018. 
Nearly 90 percent of adult smokers 
began smoking before the age of 18. If 
you don’t start smoking as a child, it is 
very unlikely you will smoke as an 
adult. This isn’t a secret. Public health 
officials know this, and tobacco compa-
nies know this, too. They also know 
nicotine is a highly addictive sub-
stance. 
This dramatic reduction in cigarette 
use by children put tobacco companies 
in a bind. If children and teenagers 
have stopped using cigarettes and 90 
percent of all adult smokers began 
smoking as children, how can they 
maintain a pipeline of customers? 
Their answer arrived in the form of a 
new 
technology: 
e-cigarettes 
and 
vaping products. Companies knew that 
the pipeline of lifetime smokers was 
dwindling, so they started to market 
new vaping products to young people. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. SUOZZI. Madam Speaker, I yield 
an additional 30 seconds to the gentle-
woman from Florida. 
Ms. SHALALA. They started mar-
keting new vaping products to young 
people through Instagram ads and 
influencers and other social media 
platforms. They handed out free vaping 
products. They clearly targeted our 
children, and the strategy worked. 
It is time to ensure that our children 
do not face a lifetime of nicotine addic-
tion. It is time to finally pass a bill 
that protects their health, and that is 
what this bill does. I strongly support 
it. 
Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Madam 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I 
may consume. 
It is important to note that I pre-
viously asked for some letters to be en-
tered into the RECORD, and I think it is 
important to note some of the points 
that these organizations raise back to 
the ACLU and the Association of So-
cial Workers and other groups. 
They talk about this bill leading to 
overcriminalization and mass incarcer-
ation of people of color. It talks about 
the bill disproportionately impacting 
people in communities of color. 
I think our country has had some, I 
think, very constructive conversations 
of late relating to these issues of mass 
incarceration and overcriminalization, 
and I think this bill sets us back in 
terms of those conversations that we 
have been having. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. SUOZZI. Madam Speaker, I yield 
1 minute to the gentleman from New 
Jersey (Mr. PALLONE), the chairman of 
the Energy and Commerce Committee, 
a good friend and a leader on this issue. 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I 
want to thank my colleague from New 
York for yielding me this time. 
Madam Speaker, I include in the 
RECORD the following letters of support 
for H.R. 2339: 
First, a letter from 76 leading public 
health organizations; second, a letter 
from the NAACP; third, a letter from 
the National Medical Association; and 
fourth, a letter from public health or-
ganizations specifically supporting the 
menthol prohibition. 
FEBRUARY 4, 2020. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE: We are writing to 
express our strong support for H.R. 2339, the 
Reversing the Youth Tobacco Epidemic Act 
of 2019. This legislation will address the cur-
rent youth e-cigarette epidemic that is un-
dermining the progress made in reducing 
youth tobacco use. 
Use of e-cigarettes by youth has escalated 
rapidly in recent years, placing a new gen-
eration at risk of nicotine addiction and to-
bacco use. Between 2017 and 2019, e-cigarette 
use more than doubled among high school 
students (from 11.7% to 27.5%) and tripled 
among middle school students (from 3.3% to 
10.5%). More than 5.3 million middle and 
high school students used e-cigarettes in 
2019, an alarming increase of more than 3 
million in two years. Use of other tobacco 
products, including cigarettes, cigars and 
hookah, is also a serious problem. Tobacco 
use remains the leading preventable cause of 
death in the United States and is responsible 
for approximately $170 billion in health care 
costs each year. 
The Reversing the Youth Tobacco Epi-
demic Act provides a much-needed response 
to this serious public health problem. Its 
prohibition on flavored tobacco products, in-
cluding flavored e-cigarettes, flavored cigars, 
and menthol cigarettes, is needed to stop to-
bacco companies from targeting and addict-
ing kids with enticing flavors, such as 
gummy bear and cotton candy. Flavors mask 
the harsh taste of tobacco and make it easier 
for kids to start to use a tobacco product and 
to become addicted. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:40 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00026
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.026
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 25-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1281 
February 28, 2020 
The bill’s prohibition on flavored e-ciga-
rettes is all the more important because the 
Administration’s recently released policy on 
flavored e-cigarettes will leave thousands of 
flavored e-liquids and devices on the market. 
Flavors are a key reason for widespread 
youth use of e-cigarettes. Ninety-seven per-
cent of current youth e-cigarette users have 
used a flavored e-cigarette in the past 
month, and seven out of ten said they used e- 
cigarettes ‘‘because they come in flavors I 
like.’’ 
The bill’s prohibition on menthol ciga-
rettes, flavored cigars, and other flavored to-
bacco products will also help protect kids 
and public health. More than half of youth 
smokers—and seven in ten African American 
youth smokers—smoke menthol cigarettes. 
As a result of decades of pervasive tobacco 
industry marketing, 85 percent of African- 
American smokers smoke menthol ciga-
rettes, and menthol is a likely contributor to 
the higher rates of tobacco-caused death and 
disease experienced by African Americans. A 
2013 Food and Drug Administration (FDA) 
analysis concluded that menthol cigarettes 
increase youth initiation, increase nicotine 
addiction, and make it harder for smokers to 
quit. Cigars are also available in a wide vari-
ety of flavors that make them more attrac-
tive to kids. More than one million high 
school students smoke cigars. 
In addition to its prohibition on flavored 
tobacco products, the Reversing the Youth 
Tobacco Epidemic Act includes a number of 
other provisions that will help to reduce 
youth use of e-cigarettes and use of other to-
bacco products, including prohibiting online 
sales of most tobacco products, addressing 
inappropriate marketing and advertising, 
and ensuring that FDA will promptly imple-
ment the graphic health warnings on ciga-
rette packs and advertising that are required 
under the 2009 Tobacco Control Act. 
Youth use of e-cigarettes and other to-
bacco products is a problem that will not re-
solve itself. It will require action by Con-
gress. The Reversing the Youth Tobacco Epi-
demic Act provides the comprehensive re-
sponse that is needed. We urge you to sup-
port this important legislation when it 
comes to the House floor. 
Sincerely, 
AASA, The School Superintendents Asso-
ciation; Academy of General Dentistry; Ac-
tion on Smoking & Health; African Amer-
ican Tobacco Control Leadership Council; 
American Academy of Oral and Maxillofacial 
Pathology; American Academy of Oral and 
Maxillofacial Radiology; American Academy 
of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery; 
American Academy of Pediatrics; American 
Association for Cancer Research. 
American Association for Dental Research; 
American Association for Respiratory Care; 
American Cancer Society Cancer Action Net-
work; American College Health Association; 
American College of Cardiology; American 
College of Occupational and Environmental 
Medicine; 
American 
Dental 
Association; 
American Federation of School Administra-
tors; American Federation of Teachers; 
American Heart Association. 
American 
Lung 
Association; 
American 
Medical 
Association; 
American 
Public 
Health Association; American School Coun-
selor Association; American School Health 
Association (ASHA); American Society of 
Addiction Medicine; American Thoracic So-
ciety; Americans for Nonsmokers’ Rights; 
Association of Educational Service Agencies; 
Association of Maternal & Child Health Pro-
grams. 
Association of School Business Officials 
International; Association of Schools and 
Programs of Public Health; Association of 
State 
and 
Territorial 
Health 
Officials 
(ASTHO); Association of Women’s Health, 
Obstetric and Neonatal Nurses; Asthma and 
Allergy Foundation of America; Big Cities 
Health Coalition; Campaign for Tobacco- 
Free Kids; Catholic Health Association of 
the United States; Children’s Wisconsin; 
ClearWay Minnesota. 
Common Sense Media; Community Anti- 
Drug Coalitions of America’s (CADCA); Eta 
Sigma Gamma—National Health Education 
Honorary; First Focus Campaign for Chil-
dren; 
International 
Association 
for 
the 
Study of Lung Cancer; March of Dimes; 
Mesothelioma Applied Research Foundation; 
NAACP; National African American Tobacco 
Prevention Network; National Association of 
County and City Health Officials. 
National Association of Elementary School 
Principals; National Association of Pediatric 
Nurse Practitioners; National Association of 
School Nurses; National Association of Sec-
ondary School Principals; National Associa-
tion of Social Workers; National Black 
Nurses Association; National Center for 
Health Research; National Coalition for Can-
cer Survivorship; National Education Asso-
ciation; National Hispanic Medical Associa-
tion. 
National Medical Association; National 
Network of Public Health Institutes; Na-
tional Rural Education Advocacy Collabo-
rative; National Rural Education Associa-
tion; Oncology Nursing Society; Parents 
Against Vaping e-cigarettes (PAVe); Prevent 
Cancer Foundation. 
Public Health Solutions; SHAPE America; 
Society for Cardiovascular Angiography and 
Interventions; Society for Public Health 
Education; Students Against Destructive De-
cisions; The Society of State Leaders of 
Health and Physical Education; The Society 
of Thoracic Surgeons; Trinity Health; Trust 
for America’s Health; U.S. PIRG. 
NAACP, 
WASHINGTON BUREAU, 
Washington, DC, October 16, 2019. 
Re NAACP Support for H.R. 2339, the ‘‘Re-
versing the Youth Tobacco Epidemic Act 
of 2019’’. 
Hon. FRANK PALLONE, 
Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
DEAR CHAIRMAN PALLONE: On behalf of the 
NAACP, our nation’s oldest, largest and 
most 
widely-recognized 
grassroots-based 
civil rights organization, I would like to 
thank you for your leadership in introducing 
H.R. 2339, the ‘‘Reversing the Youth Tobacco 
Epidemic Act of 2019.’’ Nearly all tobacco use 
begins during youth and young adulthood— 
which is a crucial period for the development 
of the human brain. Your legislation would 
help put a stop to tobacco use by including 
a ban on all characterizing flavors of tobacco 
products, which are often created to appeal 
to the younger market. 
As was noted in our 2016 NAACP resolu-
tion, ‘‘Support State and Local Restrictions 
on the Sale of Flavored Tobacco Products,’’ 
‘‘the tobacco industry has a well-documented 
history of developing and marketing brands 
targeted to African Americans and their 
youth’’ and further that ‘‘the tobacco indus-
try manipulated the manufacturing of ciga-
rettes to ensure the uptake and continued 
use 
of 
tobacco, 
especially 
by 
AfricanAmerican young people and other 
vulnerable populations for many years.’’ 
Your legislation makes clear that the pro-
liferation of slick new products purposefully 
designed to appeal to young people to get 
them addicted to nicotine and tobacco 
should not, and will not, be tolerated. 
The use of tobacco and nicotine has 
evolved since that first Surgeon General’s re-
port. A quick Google search will lead you to 
an array of products online, including ciga-
rettes, cigars, smoking pipes, and the most 
recent addition—e-cigarettes. These e-ciga-
rettes are now available in many flavors and 
studies show that flavor choices like mint, 
candy, fruit, or chocolate draw the interest 
of teens in middle school and high school. 
Unfortunately, while combustible cigarette 
use among teens has declined over the past 
two decades, there is a widespread—and 
false—perception that e-cigarettes are safe. 
This false belief threatens any progress we 
have made in combatting this controllable 
public health threat. Recent data shows that 
over 3.6 million youth used e-cigarettes in 
2018, making this product the most com-
monly used tobacco product on the market. 
Flavored e-cigarettes have driven the 
youth epidemic, and more than half of youth 
smokers—including seven out of ten African- 
American youth smokers—smoke menthol 
cigarettes, so it’s time to take these prod-
ucts off the market once and for all. States 
and cities are standing up and taking action, 
and we believe our federal government 
should do the same. 
Thank you again for your leadership on 
this important issue, and for your concern 
for the health and well-being of future gen-
erations. 
Sincerely, 
HILARY O. SHELTON, 
Director, 
NAACP 
Washington Bureau 
& Senior Vice Presi-
dent for Policy and 
Advocacy. 
NATIONAL MEDICAL ASSOCIATION, 
Silver Spring, MD, April 16, 2019. 
NMA Applauds the Introduction of Legisla-
tion to Ban the Sale of All Flavored Tobacco 
Products, including Menthol Cigarettes and 
Flavored Cigars 
The National Medical Association strongly 
supports the Reversing the Youth Tobacco 
Epidemic Act of 2019 legislation introduced 
today. This would prohibit the sale of all fla-
vored tobacco products, including menthol 
cigarettes and flavored cigars. We applaud 
Representative Frank Pallone (D–NJ) for in-
troducing the bill and taking this important 
step forward. 
As the collective voice of African-Amer-
ican physicians, we know that banning men-
thol cigarettes will save lives in our commu-
nity. Smoking-related illnesses are the num-
ber one cause of death in the African-Amer-
ican community and approximately 45,000 
African Americans die each year from smok-
ing-related diseases. Further, more than 85 
percent of African-American smokers use 
menthol cigarettes. According to a 2013 re-
port by the U.S. Food and Drug Administra-
tion (FDA), when compared to non-mentho-
lated cigarette use, the ‘‘cooling and anes-
thetic properties’’ of mentholated cigarette 
use increases smoking initiation and the 
likelihood of becoming addicted in children 
and adults and decreases success in quitting 
smoking. 
As reported by the Surgeon General in a 
1994 report by the U.S. Department of Health 
and Human Services, 90 percent of smokers 
first started smoking by age 18. Also, as re-
ported by B. K. Ambrose in a 2015 article of 
The Journal of the American Medical Asso-
ciation (JAMA), a majority of the youth ages 
12–17 first tried flavored tobacco products 
and that flavoring was the leading reason for 
their tobacco use. 
For years the tobacco industry has aggres-
sively promoted menthol cigarettes and 
other flavored tobacco products in African- 
American communities. Taking action to 
ban menthol cigarettes is long overdue and 
the NMA requests that Congress move swift-
ly to take up this bill and save lives. To that 
end, increased funding should be earmarked 
to increase smoking-cessation initiatives 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:40 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00027
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.027
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 26-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1282 
February 28, 2020 
and increased promotion of same in African 
American communities. Our support of this 
legislation is for the betterment of the pub-
lic health. 
The National Medical Association is the 
collective voice of African American physi-
cians and the leading force for parity and 
justice in medicine. The NMA is the oldest 
organization of African American profes-
sionals in America representing the over 
50,000 African American physicians and the 
patients we serve in the United States and 
its territories. 
NIVA LUBIN-JOHNSON, M.D., FACP, 
President. 
OCTOBER 16, 2019. 
Hon. FRANK PALLONE, 
Chairman, Committee on Energy & Commerce, 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
Hon. GREG WALDEN, 
Ranking Member, Committee on Energy & Com-
merce, House of Representatives, Wash-
ington, DC. 
DEAR
CHAIRMAN
PALLONE
AND
RANKING 
MEMBER WALDEN: We write in support of pro-
hibiting menthol cigarettes, which is a key 
part of the Reversing the Youth Tobacco 
Epidemic Act (H.R. 2339). There is over-
whelming scientific evidence that menthol 
cigarettes have had a profound adverse effect 
on public health. Removing them from the 
market would drive down tobacco use and 
the death and disease it causes, particularly 
among youth and African Americans. 
Menthol cigarettes are popular with youth. 
Over half of youth smokers—and seven in ten 
African American youth smokers—smoke 
menthol 
cigarettes. 
Menthol 
cools 
and 
numbs the throat and reduces the harshness 
of tobacco, making it easier and more ap-
pealing for youth to start smoking. In 2013, 
the U.S. Food and Drug Administration 
(FDA) released a report finding that menthol 
cigarettes lead to increased smoking initi-
ation among youth and young adults, greater 
addiction, and decreased success in quitting 
smoking. An FDA scientific advisory com-
mittee concluded, ‘‘Removal of menthol 
cigarettes from the marketplace would ben-
efit public health in the United States.’’ 
Smoking-related illnesses are the number- 
one cause of death in the African American 
community and claim the lives of approxi-
mately 45,000 African Americans each year. 
Menthol cigarettes are a major reason why. 
Eighty-five percent of all African American 
smokers smoke menthol cigarettes, which is 
a direct result of a decades-long marketing 
campaign by the tobacco industry aimed at 
the African American community. African 
Americans generally have higher levels of 
nicotine dependence as a consequence of 
their preference for mentholated cigarettes. 
Estimates of the harm menthol cigarettes 
cause to African Americans are alarming. 
The FDA advisory committee found that the 
marketing and availability of menthol ciga-
rettes increases the overall prevalence of 
smoking and reduces smoking cessation 
among African Americans. In 2011, it esti-
mated that by 2020, 4,700 excess deaths in the 
African-American community will be attrib-
utable to menthol cigarettes, and over 
460,000 African Americans will have started 
smoking because of menthol cigarettes. 
Our organizations fully support the men-
thol prohibition in the Reversing the Youth 
Tobacco Epidemic Act. It will protect public 
health and save lives. We look forward to 
working with you to advance this bill. 
Sincerely, 
Action on Smoking & Health, African 
American Tobacco Control Leadership Coun-
cil, American Academy of Oral and Maxillo-
facial Pathology, American Academy of Pe-
diatrics, American Association for Dental 
Research, American Association for Res-
piratory Care, American Cancer Society 
Cancer Action Network, American College of 
Physicians, American College of Preventive 
Medicine, American Dental Education Asso-
ciation, American Heart Association. 
American 
Lung 
Association, 
American 
Medical 
Association, 
American 
Public 
Health Association, American Society of Ad-
diction Medicine, American Society of Clin-
ical Oncology, American Thoracic Society, 
Americans for Nonsmokers’ Rights, Associa-
tion of Schools and Programs of Public 
Health, Association of Women’s Health, Ob-
stetric and Neonatal Nurses, Big Cities 
Health Coalition, Black Lives/ Black Lungs, 
Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids, CATCH 
Global Foundation, Inc. 
Catholic Health Association of the United 
States, Clearway Minnesota, Community 
Anti-Drug Coalitions of America, Counter 
Tools, Eta Sigma Gamma—National Health 
Education Honorary, LUNGevity Founda-
tion, March of Dimes, National African 
American Tobacco Prevention Network, Na-
tional Association of County & City Health 
Officials. 
National Association of Pediatric Nurse, 
Practitioners, 
National 
Association 
of 
School Nurses, National Center for Health 
Research, National Medical Association, Na-
tional Network of Public Health Institutes, 
Oncology Nursing Society, Prevent Cancer 
Foundation, Respiratory Health Association, 
Society for Public Health Education, Society 
for Research on Nicotine & Tobacco, Stu-
dents Against Destructive Decisions. 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, sup-
porters have emphasized that this bill 
is urgently needed to combat the youth 
e-cigarette epidemic that is getting 
worse every day and is being driven by 
flavored products. I am proud of the 
broad coalition of support that this 
legislation has engendered, and I agree 
with these organizations that the time 
is now to ensure we protect our kids 
and the next generation. 
Madam Speaker, if we don’t pass this 
bill today, all of the gains we have 
made in the past to prevent tobacco 
use and nicotine addiction will simply 
be wiped out—will be wiped out. 
I urge my colleagues, support this 
legislation. This is the best thing we 
can do to prevent this youth epidemic. 
Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Madam 
Speaker, as we have this exchange 
here, it is interesting to dig a little 
deeper here and certainly realize that 
there is a carve-out. I think we heard 
earlier there is a carve-out, actually, 
that would exempt the high-end cigars 
that would not have to be subject to 
this tax. And I guess I struggle to 
think why that would be if there are 
revenue concerns here and, you know, 
looking at a balance and so forth. 
I just hope that we can end up with 
good public policy, but certainly this is 
not the vehicle to do that. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. SUOZZI. Madam Speaker, I just 
want to clarify, again, that premium 
cigars are already subject to a Federal 
excise tax, and there is no carve-out for 
the taxes on premium cigars. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to 
the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. 
CAROLYN B. MALONEY), a good friend, 
the chairwoman of the Committee on 
Oversight and Reform. 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Madam Speaker, I rise in strong 
support, and I thank Chairman PAL-
LONE for his incredible leadership on 
this. 
Madam Speaker, I also want to thank 
Congressman 
KRISHNAMOORTHI, 
who 
has been a leader on the youth vaping 
epidemic as the chair of the Sub-
committee on Economic and Consumer 
Policy on the Oversight Committee. He 
has led a months’ long investigation 
into e-cigarette companies, which re-
vealed mountains of evidence that 
these companies are illegally targeting 
children in advertising campaigns. 
And the way they target children is 
by selling flavored tobacco products 
with kid-friendly flavors like mango 
and mint. This is despicable and will 
cause long-term damage to countless 
children’s lives. 
This bill is very important because it 
will ban the manufacture and sale of 
all flavored tobacco products, which 
will make it much more difficult for 
companies to target children. This is 
extremely important. It will save lives. 
I strongly support the bill and urge 
my colleagues for a ‘‘yes’’ vote. 
Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Madam 
Speaker, I yield myself the balance of 
my time. 
As we wrap up this discussion, I 
think perhaps both sides have good in-
tentions. This would not be the first 
time that both sides would have good 
intentions, and the outcome would ac-
complish the exact opposite from what 
we would want. 
We want youth to not vape, to not 
smoke. It is dangerous. And, certainly, 
I think we should also respect law- 
abiding adults exercising the choices 
that they wish to make in a reasonable 
context. 
Madam Speaker, I think that this 
bill would actually set us back in many 
ways. As I mentioned earlier, the Na-
tional Bureau of Economic Research 
found that Minnesota’s efforts to bring 
so-called parity to the taxation of ciga-
rettes 
and 
e-cigarettes 
actually 
flatlined the State’s smoking-cessation 
trend, while other States that didn’t 
raise taxes continue to see smoking de-
crease. That is very telling. And I 
think it is very instructive for all of us 
here as we formulate policy and, hope-
fully, keep future generations in mind 
with good public policy along the way. 
Madam Speaker, I certainly urge a 
vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill, and I yield back 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. SUOZZI. Madam Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
Madam Speaker, every Democrat, 
every Republican in this House knows 
there is a problem with youth vaping 
in the United States of America. Every 
single one of us recognizes that some-
thing must be done, and today we are 
taking important action. 
I want to point out that this is not a 
new debate. It is pretty much the same 
debate we went through with smoking 
years ago. 
I used to serve as the Nassau County 
Executive in New York State when the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:40 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00028
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.031
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 27-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1283 
February 28, 2020 
smoking issue was a massive debate in 
this country, and we heard the same 
arguments about Big Government. We 
heard the same arguments about tax-
ing. We heard the same arguments 
about choice. And we can’t fall for it 
again. 
We saw it happen in this country 
with smoking, that for so many years 
we ignored the fact that smoking was 
the number one killer in this country, 
and it took us decades to act. 
Now that we see youth vaping grow-
ing in this country every single day, ef-
forts that are being made to market 
specifically to young children every 
single day, we must act to try and pro-
tect our families and to try and protect 
our children. 
Again, I want to point out that the 
Protecting American Lungs Act, which 
is part of this bill, has the support of 
over 50 public health, medical, and edu-
cation 
organizations, including the 
American Academy of Nursing, the 
American Academy of Pediatrics, the 
American Cancer Society Cancer Ac-
tion Network, the American Heart As-
sociation, the American Lung Associa-
tion, the American Medical Associa-
tion, and the Campaign for Tobacco- 
Free Kids. 
Madam Speaker, I want to thank 
Chairman NEAL. I want to thank Chair-
man PALLONE. I want to thank all of 
the leaders, such as DONNA SHALALA, 
former-Secretary SHALALA, and RAJA 
KRISHNAMOORTHI
and all of my col-
leagues who have spoken here today. 
I urge my colleagues, both Demo-
crats and Republicans, to act now on 
behalf of the children of our country. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate has expired. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 866, 
the previous question is ordered on the 
bill, as amended. 
The question is on the engrossment 
and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the 
third time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 1(c) of rule XIX, further 
consideration of H.R. 2339 is postponed. 
Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Madam Speaker, I 
include in the RECORD these additional letters 
in opposition to H.R. 2339. 
6 REASONS TO OPPOSE HR 2339 (PALLONE) 
TOTAL FLAVORED TOBACCO PRODUCT PROHI-
BITION 
1. This bill bans all flavored tobacco prod-
ucts. 
That means menthol cigarettes (36% of 
market), flavored moist smokeless tobacco 
(60% of market), flavored cigars (26% of mar-
ket), and most pipe tobacco. 
2. The age for tobacco was just raised to 21 
nationwide. 
Teen vapor trends need to be reversed. 
That’s why Congress just raised the min-
imum age for all tobacco products to 21. 
Also, the FDA is now taking concrete steps 
to remove child-friendly vapor products from 
the market. We should give these policies 
time to work. 
3. Adults 21 + can choose flavors in alcohol 
and cannabis (where legal), and they should 
be able to choose flavors in tobacco. 
Adults 21 and older buy alcohol (and can-
nabis where it’s legal). They are taxpayers, 
voters, and can serve in the military. Taking 
this decision away from adults 21 and over 
won’t stop the behavior—it will just move it 
into the illegal market. We should respect 
adults and let them make these decisions. 
4. Prohibition doesn’t work. It never has. 
This bill would criminalize the sale and 
distribution of these products for adults. 
That’s Prohibition. In the 1920s, Alcohol Pro-
hibition created an illegal market, increased 
crime, burdened law enforcement, and en-
dangered the public. 
5. Youth use of traditional products is 
DOWN. Underage vapor rates are too high. 
But underage use of traditional tobacco 
products is at historic lows. Longstanding 
public health efforts are working—so why 
take the risk of criminalizing these products 
and moving them into an illegal market 
where there is no regulation? 
6. Banning large segments of the tobacco 
market guts government revenues. 
Banning the sale of flavored tobacco prod-
ucts to adults would impact over a third of 
the industry, devastating jobs and the econ-
omy: 
Over 250,000 retail and other jobs at risk 
Over $13.6 billion in federal, state, and 
local tax revenues at risk annually (see 
states detail below) 
AMERICANS FOR TAX REFORM 
Today, Americans for Tax Reform issued a 
Key Vote Alert in opposition to H.R. 2339. 
Here are the top 6 key facts you need to 
know before the vote on the full House floor 
vote on H.R. 2339 (Reversing the Youth To-
bacco Epidemic Act) this week: 
1. Prohibition Never Works, But it Does 
Create Profitable Criminal Enterprises. 
2. Congress Just Passed Tobacco 21 to Ad-
dress Youth Use of Tobacco Products. 
3. A Flavored Tobacco Product Ban Would 
Kill Over 400,000 Jobs. 
4. State, Local, and Federal Government 
Would Lose over $130 Billion in Tobacco Tax 
Revenue Over 10 Years. 
5. Criminalizing The Sale of Some Tobacco 
Products Would Reverse Progress on Crimi-
nal Justice Reform. 
6. This Bill is a Tax Increase. 
Rep. Frank Pallone’s flavored tobacco 
product ban bill is opposed by Americans for 
Tax Reform, Citizens Against Government 
Waste, 
FreedomWorks, 
Heritage 
Action, 
Taxpayers Protection Alliance, Independent 
Women’s Forum, the Competitive Enterprise 
Institute, the Consumer Choice Center, and 
Reason, among others. 
But it’s also opposed by the American Civil 
Liberties Union, the Center for Popular De-
mocracy, the Law Enforcement Action Part-
nership, the Drug Policy Alliance, the Na-
tional Association of Social Workers, the Na-
tional Association of Criminal Defense Law-
yers, and Al Sharpton’s National Action Net-
work. You can read their letter here. 
Here’s what you need to known regarding 
the inclusion of a new national tax on nico-
tine e-cigarettes and vapor products (Section 
501 of the bill): 
The tax imposed by this bill would result 
in a $5.01 tax on an average 30 milliliter bot-
tle of refillable vapor product liquid that 
contains 6 milligrams of nicotine, the type of 
products many smokers purchase in thou-
sands of vape shops in America. For multi- 
packs of ‘‘closed-system’’ products sold in 
150,000 convenience stores, the tax would be 
range between $3–5 per pack. Compare that 
to the federal excise tax on combustible to-
bacco cigarettes, which is $1.01 per pack. 
Taxing reduced risk electronic cigarettes at 
a significantly higher rate than cigarettes 
works at cross purposes with both the gov-
ernment and free market’s ongoing effort to 
reduce the harm associated with cigarette 
use. That’s what this bill does. 
Note: because this language was previously 
a stand-alone bill (H.R. 4742), the impact on 
taxpayers has changed since it was first 
scored. Banning products that +80% of adult 
consumers use diminishes the likelihood of 
collecting much money. This bill is still a 
net tax hike and will be scored as such. 
Americans for Tax Reform urges you to re-
ject H.R. 2339, which would create the big-
gest black market in America since the 
1920’s, fueling criminal enterprises without 
any good reason for doing so. This bill is a 
tax increase and represents a moral crusade 
against disfavored consumer choices without 
respect to the tools that already exist that 
could address some of the concerns of pro-
ponents. 
TAXPAYERS PROTECTION ALLIANCE, 
Washington, DC, February 12, 2020. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE: On behalf of mil-
lions of taxpayers and consumers across the 
United States, the Taxpayers Protection Al-
liance (TPA) urges you to vote against the 
Reversing the Youth Tobacco Epidemic Act 
(H.R. 2339), which would, amongst other 
things, impose a full ban on the sale of fla-
vored e-cigarette products throughout the 
U.S. H.R. 2339 would also ban menthol-fla-
vored conventional tobacco. These deeply 
misguided proposals would lead to the de-
mise of millions of Americans by forcing 
smokers across the country to continue 
using deadly combustible cigarettes. 
The scientific evidence is overwhelming 
and incontrovertible that vaping saves lives. 
Flavors provide an effective exit ramp for 
adults to quit smoking but have no impact 
upon teen uptake. Smoking rates are at 
their lowest in history and dropping dra-
matically. Furthermore, there is no gateway 
from vaping to smoking, and menthol ciga-
rettes have no demonstrable impact on 
youth uptake. 
Countless studies conclude that e-ciga-
rettes are a proven and safe way for people 
to quit smoking. A recent U.S. National 
Academies of Sciences, Engineering and 
Medicine report on e-cigarettes found that, 
based on the available evidence, ‘‘e-ciga-
rettes are likely to be far less harmful than 
combustible tobacco cigarettes.’’ The United 
Kingdom (UK) Government and all major 
medical bodies now ‘‘encourage’’ smokers to 
use e-cigarettes as a quit-smoking aid. This 
is not surprising because of the over-
whelming evidence on the effectiveness of a 
product that is ‘‘around 95 percent less 
harmful than smoking,’’ a figure confirmed 
by Public Health England (part of the U.K. 
government) and reaffirmed every year since 
2015. Similarly, air quality studies have 
found that e-cigarettes pose no threat to by-
standers via ‘‘passive smoking.’’ Hundreds of 
studies have been published in the course of 
the last few years, measuring everything 
from cardiovascular health to lung capacity 
and regeneration. In fact, the only study to 
have found any negative impact of vaping on 
heart health has been thoroughly debunked; 
it was discovered that the heart attacks it 
claimed were correlated to vaping happened 
ten years prior to the individuals taking up 
vaping. 
So powerful is the life-saving potential of 
these products that, according to the most 
comprehensive peer-reviewed research on the 
effects of switching coordinated by the 
George Washington University Medical Cen-
ter, 6.6 million lives could be saved over the 
next ten years if a majority of U.S. smokers 
quit smoking through the use of e-cigarettes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:40 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00029
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K28FE7.031
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 28-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1284 
February 28, 2020 
In addition, numerous studies have shown 
that e-cigarettes are considerably more ef-
fective than traditional nicotine replace-
ment therapies. In January 2019, the New 
England Journal of Medicine reported the re-
sults of the largest and most comprehensive 
of these, finding unequivocally that e-ciga-
rettes are nearly twice as effective as con-
ventional 
nicotine 
replacement 
products 
(such as patches and gum) for quitting smok-
ing. 
As a result of the introduction of vaping 
products, smoking rates in the United States 
have plummeted in recent years. In 2018, 13.7 
percent of U.S. adults smoked, a sharp de-
cline from 20.9 percent in 2005. Most of this 
decline has occurred since the introduction 
of e-cigarettes, as smokers now have more 
options than ever to kick their deadly habit. 
In particular, 5.8 percent of high school stu-
dents smoke, down from more than 15 per-
cent in 2011. 
Contrary to anti-vaping arguments, there 
is no evidence that e-cigarettes provide a 
‘‘gateway’’ to smoking for youths as they 
enter adulthood. This has been demonstrated 
through numerous studies which instead find 
that vaporized nicotine has almost exclu-
sively been taken up by smokers attempting 
to quit or lower their intake, therefore act-
ing as a ‘‘gateway’’ away from tobacco 
smoking. Only 1 percent of daily users of e- 
cigarettes were not previous smokers or to-
bacco users. A 2015 survey of nonsmoking 
teens aged 13–17 found interest levels in fla-
vored e-cigarettes of 0.4 out of a possible 
score of 10. An April 2019 study funded by the 
UK’s National Institute for Health Research 
and led by Cardiff University concluded that 
‘‘fears over a resurgence in youth tobacco 
smoking because of the rise in e-cigarette 
use are largely unfounded to date’’ and that 
there is ‘‘no evidence’’ that e-cigarettes are 
causing young persons to commence smok-
ing traditional combustible tobacco. In Octo-
ber 2019 the prestigious medical journal Nic-
otine and Tobacco Research found that, ‘‘E- 
cigarette use does not appear to be associ-
ated with current, continued smoking.’’ As 
such, ecigarettes are a gateway away from 
smoking and give teens who were already 
smokers a safer alternative. 
While flavors may be helping conventional 
smokers quit smoking, the evidence shows 
that flavors play little to no role in inducing 
middle-and-high school students to use e- 
cigarettes. A 2016 study published in Tobacco 
Control used a national phone survey to as-
certain teenage usage and interest in e-ciga-
rettes and attempted to gauge the role of fla-
vor in increasing interest in these products. 
The researchers found that, of teenagers that 
have never smoked, only 3.3 percent ex-
pressed interest in trying e-cigarettes and 
that there was no evidence for flavors driv-
ing e-cigarette uptake. Fewer than a third of 
high school students self-report to care 
about flavors, while academic studies have 
found that teenage non-smokers’ ‘‘willing-
ness to try plain versus flavored varieties did 
not differ.’’ 
Advocates of greater vaping restrictions 
continue to ignore the evidence and cite in-
stances of e-cigarettes allegedly inducing 
lung illnesses. But, as confirmed by the Cen-
ters for Disease Control and Prevention and 
corroborated 
by 
numerous 
peer-reviewed 
academic publications such as the New Eng-
land Journal of Medicine, every case of ill-
ness and tragic death has been as a result of 
illicit, black-market THC vaping devices 
bought on the streets and laced with sub-
stances such as Vitamin E acetone. 
There is no evidence whatsoever that men-
thol cigarettes are in any way more harmful 
or dangerous than conventional combustible 
cigarettes. There is similarly no evidence 
that menthol cigarettes are in any way more 
likely to be a contributing factor to people 
taking up smoking. A recent analysis of data 
from the National Survey on Drug Use and 
Health found that states with more menthol 
cigarette consumption relative to all ciga-
rettes actually have lower rates of child 
smoking. In addition, econometric analysis 
consistently shows consistent nonpredictive 
relationships between relative menthol ciga-
rette consumption rates and use of any age 
group. Youth menthol smoking has already 
become 
less 
popular 
than 
non-menthol 
smoking, and on the current trend line, 
youth usage of menthol cigarettes will be at 
a rate of near-zero within the next few years. 
Curtailing menthol cigarettes will only suc-
ceed in damaging already-fraught race rela-
tions. More than 80 percent of black smokers 
prefer menthol cigarettes, compared to less 
than 30 percent of white smokers. As the 
tragic case of Eric Garner shows, tobacco 
prohibition can easily escalate into deadly 
encounters with law enforcement. Policy-
makers must consider racial disparities in 
the consumption of tobacco products, and re-
frain from restrictive policies with myriad 
unintended consequences. 
Illicit tobacco is lucrative source of fund-
ing for terrorism, with the U.S. State De-
partment having described international to-
bacco smuggling as a ‘‘threat to national se-
curity.’’ Their report detailed how ‘‘we know 
that 15 of the world’s leading terrorist 
groups regularly rely on illicit cigarettes for 
funding, including al Qaeda, the Taliban, 
Hezbollah, and Hamas. Illicit cigarettes are 
now second only to the heroin trade in help-
ing fund some of the Taliban militias.’’ 
TPA urges you to carefully examine the 
facts and science attesting toe-cigarettes’ ef-
ficacy as a powerful quit-smoking aid and re-
ject this grossly irresponsible bill. 
Regards, 
TIM ANDREWS, 
Director. 
[From Tax Foundation, Feb. 12, 2020] 
BANNING FLAVORED TOBACCO COULD HAVE 
UNINTENDED CONSEQUENCES 
(By Ulrik Boesen) 
Several states have considered bans on fla-
vored tobacco and nicotine products this leg-
islative session, spurred by increased vaping 
by minors. Among them are California, 
Maine, Maryland, New York, Vermont, and 
Virginia. There is also a federal proposal to 
ban flavors in tobacco products. While youth 
uptake is a very real concern which deserves 
the public’s attention, outright bans could 
impede historically high smoking cessation 
rates. Lawmakers must thread the needle be-
tween protecting adult smoker’s ability to 
switch and barring minor’s access to nico-
tine products. 
Aside from public health concerns, a ban 
on flavored tobacco, especially when includ-
ing cigarettes, would have significant tax 
implications and result in unintended con-
sequences such as increased smuggling. To-
bacco excise taxes are already an unstable 
source of tax revenue. Further narrowing the 
tobacco tax base by banning a portion of to-
bacco sales altogether could worsen the in-
stability of this revenue source while driving 
up the costs of administration and law en-
forcement associated with the ban, espe-
cially if the lost revenue is made up by rais-
ing the tax rate on the remaining tobacco 
tax base. 
Cigarettes make up about 82.5 percent of 
the total tobacco market and even more of 
the excise tax revenue due to higher rates on 
cigarettes versus other tobacco products. Ac-
cording to sales data, about 35 percent of the 
U.S. cigarette market is flavored, which 
means that 35 percent of the revenue col-
lected would be affected by a ban. The flavor 
used in cigarettes is almost exclusively men-
thol. 
Below is a calculation of implicated rev-
enue in the states that are considering a ban. 
The numbers are based on tax collections 
and sales of menthol cigarettes. On top of 
this number one could add reduced revenues 
from chewing tobacco, cigars, cigarillos, and 
in some states flavored vapor liquid. 
STATE REVENUE FROM CIGARETTE EXCISE TAXES ON MENTHOL CIGARETTES 
State 
Menthol Smokers 
As % of Smokers 
(FY2018) 
Revenue from 
Menthol Ciga-
rettes (FY2018) 
Total Cigarette 
Excise Revenue 
(FY2018) 
California ...................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
28.1% 
$528,848,463 
$1,882,023,000 
New York ....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
38.6% 
$414,418,000 
$1,073,0622,000 
Maine .........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
17.5% 
$20,851,000 
$119,146,000 
Maryland ....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
54.3% 
$180,080,000 
$331,639,000 
Vermont ......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
17.6% 
$10,839,000 
$61,584,000 
Virginia .......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
42.7% 
$59,350,000 
$138,992,000 
Federal* .....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
35.2% 
$4,268,355,168 
$12,126,009,000 
* Implicated revenue for the federal government if menthol cigarettes were federally banned. Source: Nielsen Consumer Data; Orzechowski and Walker, ‘‘The Tax Burden on Tobacco,’’ Volume 53, 2018; Tax Foundation calculations. 
The figures indicating revenue from men-
thol cigarettes reflect the loss of revenue if 
all current consumers of menthol cigarettes 
were to quit. That is almost certainly not 
going to happen. In reality, some will quit, 
some will substitute to other nicotine prod-
ucts, and some will access the products ille-
gally. The last option is the most fiscally 
problematic because states will not only 
incur lost revenue, they will also take on in-
creased costs related to enforcement of the 
ban. While it is impossible to estimate the 
exact revenue effect, it is clear that revenues 
will decline. 
The impact differs significantly from state 
to state with Maryland and Virginia seeing 
the largest effect. This is likely due to larger 
minority populations in those states. In a 
national survey in 2015, 76.8 percent of non- 
Hispanic 
black 
adult 
smokers 
reported 
smoking menthol products. 
As I argue in my latest publication, there 
are 
several 
problems 
with 
bans. 
The 
Pigouvian 
concept 
of 
internalizing 
externalities suggests that inefficient mar-
ket outcomes can be addressed by an excise 
tax equal to the negative externality. In 
other words, using taxes to price in societal 
cost related to a product, such as increased 
governmental medical expenses from cancers 
caused by tobacco smoke. This is part of the 
idea behind levying excise taxes on tobacco 
products. However, flavored nicotine prod-
ucts are helping adult smokers quit ciga-
rettes and switch to less harmful products. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:06 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00030
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.034
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 29-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1285 
February 28, 2020 
Several states seem to have had this in 
mind and have taken a lighter approach to 
the taxation of vaping products to keep an 
incentive for smokers to move towards less 
harmful vaping. Thus, on the one hand there 
is an argument for lower taxation on vaping 
to move people away from smoking. On the 
other hand a ban on flavored products would 
push users away from vaping and back to-
wards more harmful traditional tobacco 
products or into the illegal market. 
In fact, a recent publication found that 
32,400 smokers in Minnesota were deterred 
from quitting cigarettes after the state im-
plemented a 95 percent excise tax on vapor 
products. 
Another study concluded that vapor prod-
ucts are highly elastic and ‘‘for every one 
standard e-cigarette pod (a device that con-
tains liquid nicotine in e-cigarettes) of 0.7 ml 
no longer purchased as a result of an e-ciga-
rette tax, the same tax increases traditional 
cigarettes purchased by 6.2 extra packs.’’ 
In the same way that exceptionally high 
tax rates on products can create the incen-
tives for illicit activities, a ban certainly 
opens the door to contraband and bootleg ac-
tivities. Thus, bans are likely to hurt public 
health by limiting adult smokers’ ability to 
quit cigarettes and fuel black market activ-
ity similar to when states levy heavy tax-
ation on cigarettes. Local bans in particular 
invite smuggling activity in the same way 
that occurs when localities have high ciga-
rette excise taxes. 
Cigarettes are already being smuggled into 
and around the country in large quantities, 
and nicotine-containing liquid is coming 
into the U.S. from questionable sources. 
Black market liquids and cigarettes have the 
problem of being extremely unsafe and cost 
governments billions in lost taxes. The re-
cent 
serious 
pulmonary 
diseases 
have 
prompted the FDA to publish a warning 
about black market THC-containing liquid. 
Other reports of illicit products containing 
dangerous chemicals resulting in serious 
conditions have been released over the last 
months. 
On top of the dangers to consumers, the 
legal market would suffer, as untaxed and 
unregulated products have significant com-
petitive advantages over high-priced legal 
products. This would impact not only the 
large number of small business owners oper-
ating over 10,000 vape shops around the coun-
try but also convenience stores and gas sta-
tions relying heavily on vapers as well as to-
bacco sales. Policymakers should not lose 
sight of the law of unintended consequences 
as they set tax rates and regulatory regimes 
for nicotine products. 
These unintended consequences have a real 
cost which the taxpayers would have to 
cover, while the ban would result in less rev-
enue from the legal and regulated market. In 
states like California, where tobacco tax rev-
enue is earmarked to certain government 
programs, the impact on revenue could lead 
to underfunded programs which will need 
funding from other sources. 
The prospect of a ban on flavored tobacco 
and nicotine products highlights the com-
plications of contradictory tax and regu-
latory policy, the instability of excise taxes 
that go beyond pricing in the cost of 
externalities, and the public risks of driving 
consumers into the black market through 
excessive taxation or regulation. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Madam Speaker, I 
rise today in support of H.R. 2339, the Pro-
tecting American Lungs and Reversing the 
Youth Tobacco Epidemic Act of 2019 and the 
efforts by the House to curb the youth e-ciga-
rette and vaping epidemic. 
Congress must take strong action to stop 
the marketing of tobacco products to children 
and end the e-cigarette epidemic among our 
youth. In 2009, Congress passed the Family 
Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act 
(Tobacco Control Act), which provided the 
Food and Drug Administration (FDA) with au-
thority to regulate certain tobacco products 
marketed towards children. And today, the 
House is passing the Protecting American 
Lungs and Reversing the Youth Tobacco Epi-
demic Act introduced by Representatives PAL-
LONE and SHALALA, which will strengthen the 
FDA’s authority to regulate tobacco products 
marketed towards children, particularly the in-
sidious e-cigarettes that have swept the coun-
try in the decade since we passed the To-
bacco Control Act. The legislative intent is 
rooted in the important objective of preventing 
youth access to tobacco products and stop-
ping big tobacco and others from preying on 
our children by developing a new generation 
of nicotine-addicted smokers. 
For years, many of my colleagues and I 
have worked with FDA and stakeholders to 
ensure that traditional, handcrafted premium 
cigars that are not used by or marketed to 
children are not swept up in an overbroad reg-
ulation. We introduced bipartisan legislation 
this Congress, as we have in last four Con-
gresses, that reinforces the legislative intent of 
the Tobacco Control Act and narrowly defines 
traditional non-flavored handcrafted premium 
cigars not marketed to children. Our bill cur-
rently has 78 bipartisan cosponsors, and last 
Congress, our legislation H.R. 564 had 149 bi-
partisan cosponsors. 
I would like to thank Chairman PALLONE for 
working with me and others to address what 
I believe could have been unintended con-
sequences of H.R. 2339 of subjecting tradi-
tional large and premium cigars not marketed 
to children to overbroad regulation. The bill as 
amended in the Energy and Commerce Com-
mittee correctly exempts from certain regula-
tions 
this 
small 
subset 
of 
traditional, 
handcrafted cigars that are not marketed to 
children. The FDA would continue to have the 
authority to subject traditional and large pre-
mium cigars to important FDA regulations like 
minimum age requirements; prohibition of 
adulterated and misbranded products; require-
ments to register and report products and in-
gredients; FDA inspections every two years; 
good manufacturing practices and tobacco 
product standards; user fees; and the FDA 
should have enforcement powers for these. 
While it was appropriate to provide exemp-
tion from certain provisions for traditional large 
and premium cigars in the bill, the definition of 
traditional large and premium cigars contained 
in H.R. 2339 should be updated to conform 
with the definition in H.R. 1854, to wit: 
A traditional large and premium cigar should 
be defined as any roll of tobacco that is 
wrapped in 100 percent leaf tobacco, bunched 
with 100 percent tobacco filler, contains no fil-
ter, tip, flavor additive, or non-tobacco mouth-
piece, and weighs at least 6 pounds per 1,000 
count. It also must either have a 100 percent 
leaf tobacco binder and be handrolled, or have 
a homogenized tobacco leaf binder and be 
made in the United States using human hands 
to lay the 100 percent leaf tobacco wrapper 
onto only one machine that bunches, wraps, 
and caps each individual cigar. And, it should 
explicitly exclude cigarettes or little cigars, as 
defined by the FDA. 
The above definition is essentially the defini-
tion from H.R. 2339 but without the single 
cigar retail price provision. The price point in-
cluded in the bill has no rational basis for in-
clusion and a cigar made consistent with the 
definition above meets the test of the type of 
cigar not consumed by our youth. Had I had 
the opportunity to offer an amendment, I 
would have proposed striking this arbitrary 
provision from the legislation to ensure that 
the family cigar producers in my district, 
across Florida and small business owners 
across the country including the many mom 
and pop retail shops are not subjected to this 
unnecessary job-killing arbitrary price that 
lacks a rational basis. 
I look forward to continuing to work with the 
Senate, the FDA and to press my own bill in 
the House, H.R. 1854, to ensure that any laws 
or regulations that deal with traditional large 
and premium cigars are consistent with our 
shared goals of preventing youth tobacco use, 
stopping arbitrary or unintended regulation and 
protecting American jobs. 
Ms. JOHNSON of Texas. Madam Speaker, 
today, I rise in support of H.R. 2339 the Pro-
tecting American Lungs and Reversing the 
Youth Tobacco Epidemic Act of 2019. This 
critical legislation provides a comprehensive 
approach to address the youth tobacco epi-
demic, which has surged in recent years with 
the introduction of such new tobacco products 
as e-cigarettes. The bill will prevent the loss of 
an entirely new generation to a lifetime of nic-
otine addiction. 
Tobacco use is the leading cause of pre-
ventable death, disability, and disease in the 
United States, and it is attributed to more than 
480,000 deaths in the United States each 
year. Even more concerning is the rapid esca-
lation in youth e-cigarette use, as youth use of 
nicotine in any form is unsafe and can seri-
ously harm brain development and lead to 
other forms of addiction. In 2019, 5.3 million 
middle and high school students have re-
ported to have used e-cigarettes. According to 
the Centers for Disease Control and Preven-
tion, these recent increases have erased the 
decline in any tobacco product use that oc-
curred in previous years. 
As the first registered nurse elected to Con-
gress, I am proud to support the Protecting 
American Lungs and Reversing the Youth To-
bacco Epidemic Act. Particularly, I am pleased 
to be joined by the American Public Health 
Association, American Academy of Pediatrics, 
National Medical Association, NAACP, and the 
National Black Nurses Association, who have 
all shown their support for this critical legisla-
tion. 
As representatives of Americans from all 
corners of our country, we have a responsi-
bility to protect the health and well-being of 
our communities and especially our children. 
On behalf of my home state of Texas, I urge 
my colleagues to support H.R. 2339. 
Mr. RESCHENTHALER. Madam Speaker, I 
commend the House Energy and Commerce 
Committee for including language in the Pro-
tecting American Lungs and Reversing the 
Youth Tobacco Epidemic Act of 2019 (H.R. 
2339) to more appropriately treat premium ci-
gars, which are marketed to and enjoyed by 
adult consumers. However, a $12 per cigar 
price requirement is arbitrary, impossible to 
enforce, and puts states like Pennsylvania at 
a significant disadvantage. 
Pennsylvania is home to small business 
premium cigar retailers, importers, distributors, 
and farmers who grow tobacco used in hand- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:40 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00031
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.036
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 30-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1286 
February 28, 2020 
made cigars. The history of cigar tobacco 
farming in Pennsylvania dates to the 1700s, 
and today, farmers in the Commonwealth 
produce the coveted cigar leaf. Numerous pre-
mium cigar mail order companies are based in 
Pennsylvania, due to the state’s favorable 
business climate. In fact, Pennsylvania is sec-
ond in the nation in premium cigar industry 
jobs, and my district is home to small busi-
nesses who proudly serve their adult con-
sumers. 
The Commonwealth is also one of few 
states without an additional tax on premium ci-
gars. When I was in the Pennsylvania State 
Senate, I fought against proposals to impose 
such a tax, which would have crippled small 
businesses and hurt consumers. If a price re-
quirement like the one proposed in this bill 
were enacted, small businesses in my district 
and across Pennsylvania would be dispropor-
tionately impacted, as more products in their 
humidors would fall below $12 than products 
in other states that are subject to higher taxes. 
Madam Speaker, while I am grateful this bill 
acknowledges that premium cigars are mar-
keted and enjoyed solely by adults, a $12 
price requirement will devastate Pennsylva-
nia’s cigar industry. As Congress and the 
Trump Administration continue to work to ad-
dress important issues related to regulation of 
tobacco products, I urge removal of an arbi-
trary price point that picks winners and losers. 
f 
GOLD STAR MOTHERS FAMILIES 
NATIONAL 
MONUMENT 
EXTEN-
SION ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the unfin-
ished business is the vote on the mo-
tion to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 2819) to extend the authority 
for the establishment of a commemora-
tive work in honor of Gold Star Fami-
lies, and for other purposes, as amend-
ed, on which the yeas and nays were or-
dered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by 
the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. 
NEGUSE) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, as amended. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 407, nays 0, 
not voting 22, as follows: 
[Roll No. 76] 
YEAS—407 
Abraham 
Adams 
Aderholt 
Aguilar 
Allen 
Allred 
Amash 
Amodei 
Armstrong 
Arrington 
Axne 
Babin 
Bacon 
Baird 
Balderson 
Banks 
Barr 
Barraga´n 
Bass 
Beatty 
Bera 
Bergman 
Beyer 
Biggs 
Bilirakis 
Bishop (NC) 
Bishop (UT) 
Blumenauer 
Blunt Rochester 
Bonamici 
Bost 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brindisi 
Brooks (AL) 
Brooks (IN) 
Brown (MD) 
Brownley (CA) 
Buchanan 
Buck 
Bucshon 
Budd 
Burchett 
Burgess 
Bustos 
Butterfield 
Calvert 
Carbajal 
Ca´rdenas 
Carson (IN) 
Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) 
Cartwright 
Case 
Casten (IL) 
Castor (FL) 
Castro (TX) 
Chabot 
Cheney 
Chu, Judy 
Cicilline 
Cisneros 
Clark (MA) 
Clarke (NY) 
Clay 
Cleaver 
Cline 
Cloud 
Cohen 
Cole 
Collins (GA) 
Comer 
Conaway 
Connolly 
Cook 
Cooper 
Correa 
Costa 
Courtney 
Cox (CA) 
Craig 
Crawford 
Crenshaw 
Crist 
Crow 
Cunningham 
Curtis 
Davids (KS) 
Davidson (OH) 
Davis (CA) 
Davis, Danny K. 
Davis, Rodney 
Dean 
DeFazio 
DeGette 
DeLauro 
DelBene 
Delgado 
Demings 
DeSaulnier 
DesJarlais 
Deutch 
Diaz-Balart 
Dingell 
Doggett 
Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duncan 
Emmer 
Engel 
Escobar 
Eshoo 
Espaillat 
Estes 
Evans 
Ferguson 
Finkenauer 
Fitzpatrick 
Fleischmann 
Fletcher 
Flores 
Fortenberry 
Foster 
Foxx (NC) 
Frankel 
Fudge 
Fulcher 
Gaetz 
Gallagher 
Gallego 
Garamendi 
Garcı´a (IL) 
Garcia (TX) 
Gianforte 
Gibbs 
Golden 
Gomez 
Gonzalez (OH) 
Gonzalez (TX) 
Gooden 
Gosar 
Gottheimer 
Graves (GA) 
Graves (LA) 
Graves (MO) 
Green, Al (TX) 
Griffith 
Grothman 
Guest 
Guthrie 
Haaland 
Hagedorn 
Harder (CA) 
Harris 
Hartzler 
Hastings 
Hayes 
Heck 
Hern, Kevin 
Herrera Beutler 
Hice (GA) 
Higgins (LA) 
Higgins (NY) 
Hill (AR) 
Himes 
Hollingsworth 
Horn, Kendra S. 
Horsford 
Houlahan 
Hoyer 
Hudson 
Huffman 
Huizenga 
Hurd (TX) 
Jackson Lee 
Jayapal 
Jeffries 
Johnson (GA) 
Johnson (LA) 
Johnson (OH) 
Johnson (SD) 
Johnson (TX) 
Jordan 
Joyce (OH) 
Joyce (PA) 
Kaptur 
Katko 
Keating 
Keller 
Kelly (IL) 
Kelly (MS) 
Kelly (PA) 
Kennedy 
Khanna 
Kildee 
Kilmer 
Kim 
Kind 
King (IA) 
King (NY) 
Kinzinger 
Krishnamoorthi 
Kuster (NH) 
Kustoff (TN) 
LaHood 
LaMalfa 
Lamb 
Lamborn 
Langevin 
Larsen (WA) 
Larson (CT) 
Latta 
Lawrence 
Lawson (FL) 
Lee (CA) 
Lee (NV) 
Lesko 
Levin (CA) 
Levin (MI) 
Lieu, Ted 
Lipinski 
Loebsack 
Lofgren 
Lowenthal 
Lowey 
Lucas 
Luetkemeyer 
Luja´n 
Luria 
Lynch 
Malinowski 
Maloney, 
Carolyn B. 
Maloney, Sean 
Marshall 
Mast 
Matsui 
McAdams 
McBath 
McCarthy 
McCaul 
McClintock 
McCollum 
McEachin 
McGovern 
McHenry 
McKinley 
McNerney 
Meadows 
Meeks 
Meng 
Meuser 
Miller 
Mitchell 
Moolenaar 
Mooney (WV) 
Moore 
Morelle 
Moulton 
Mucarsel-Powell 
Murphy (FL) 
Murphy (NC) 
Nadler 
Napolitano 
Neal 
Neguse 
Newhouse 
Norcross 
Norman 
Nunes 
O’Halleran 
Ocasio-Cortez 
Olson 
Omar 
Palazzo 
Pallone 
Palmer 
Panetta 
Pappas 
Pascrell 
Payne 
Pence 
Perlmutter 
Perry 
Peters 
Peterson 
Phillips 
Pingree 
Pocan 
Porter 
Posey 
Pressley 
Price (NC) 
Quigley 
Raskin 
Ratcliffe 
Reed 
Reschenthaler 
Rice (NY) 
Rice (SC) 
Richmond 
Riggleman 
Roby 
Rodgers (WA) 
Roe, David P. 
Rogers (AL) 
Rogers (KY) 
Rose (NY) 
Rose, John W. 
Rouda 
Rouzer 
Roy 
Roybal-Allard 
Ruiz 
Ruppersberger 
Rush 
Rutherford 
Ryan 
Sa´nchez 
Sarbanes 
Scalise 
Scanlon 
Schakowsky 
Schiff 
Schneider 
Schrader 
Schrier 
Schweikert 
Scott (VA) 
Scott, Austin 
Scott, David 
Sensenbrenner 
Serrano 
Sewell (AL) 
Shalala 
Sherman 
Sherrill 
Shimkus 
Simpson 
Slotkin 
Smith (MO) 
Smith (NE) 
Smith (NJ) 
Smith (WA) 
Smucker 
Soto 
Spanberger 
Spano 
Speier 
Stanton 
Stauber 
Stefanik 
Steil 
Steube 
Stevens 
Stewart 
Stivers 
Suozzi 
Swalwell (CA) 
Takano 
Taylor 
Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) 
Thompson (PA) 
Thornberry 
Timmons 
Tipton 
Titus 
Tlaib 
Tonko 
Torres (CA) 
Torres Small 
(NM) 
Trahan 
Trone 
Turner 
Underwood 
Upton 
Van Drew 
Vargas 
Veasey 
Vela 
Vela´zquez 
Visclosky 
Wagner 
Walberg 
Walden 
Walker 
Walorski 
Waltz 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters 
Watkins 
Watson Coleman 
Weber (TX) 
Welch 
Wenstrup 
Westerman 
Wexton 
Wild 
Williams 
Wilson (FL) 
Wilson (SC) 
Wittman 
Womack 
Woodall 
Wright 
Yarmuth 
Yoho 
Young 
Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—22 
Bishop (GA) 
Brady 
Byrne 
Clyburn 
Cuellar 
Dunn 
Gabbard 
Gohmert 
Granger 
Green (TN) 
Grijalva 
Holding 
Kirkpatrick 
Lewis 
Long 
Loudermilk 
Marchant 
Massie 
Mullin 
Rooney (FL) 
Sires 
Webster (FL) 
b 1140 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the 
bill, as amended, was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The title of the bill was amended so 
as to read: ‘‘A bill to extend the au-
thority for the establishment of a com-
memorative work in honor of Gold Star 
Mothers Families, and for other pur-
poses.’’. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
REVERSING THE YOUTH TOBACCO 
EPIDEMIC ACT OF 2019 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 1(c) of rule XIX, further 
consideration of the bill (H.R. 2339) to 
amend the Federal Food, Drug, and 
Cosmetic Act with respect to the sale 
and marketing of tobacco products, 
and for other purposes, will now re-
sume. 
The Clerk will report the title of the 
bill. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT 
Mr. WALDEN. Madam Speaker, I 
have a motion to recommit at the 
desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the 
gentleman opposed to the bill? 
Mr. WALDEN. In its present form, 
oh, yes, I am opposed. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the motion to recom-
mit. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Walden moves to recommit the bill 
H.R. 2339 to the Committee on Energy and 
Commerce with instructions to report the 
same back to the House forthwith with the 
following amendment: 
At the end of the bill, insert the following 
new title: 
TITLE VII—BORN-ALIVE ABORTION 
SURVIVORS PROTECTION 
SEC. 701. BORN-ALIVE INFANTS PROTECTION. 
(a) REQUIREMENTS
PERTAINING
TO
BORN- 
ALIVE ABORTION SURVIVORS.—Chapter 74 of 
title 18, United States Code, is amended by 
inserting after section 1531 the following: 
‘‘§ 1532. Requirements pertaining to born- 
alive abortion survivors 
‘‘(a) 
REQUIREMENTS
FOR
HEALTH
CARE 
PRACTITIONERS.—In the case of an abortion 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:40 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00032
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.039
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 31-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1287 
February 28, 2020 
or attempted abortion that results in a child 
born alive (as defined in section 8 of title 1, 
United States Code (commonly known as the 
‘Born-Alive Infants Protection Act’)): 
‘‘(1) DEGREE OF CARE REQUIRED; IMMEDIATE 
ADMISSION TO A HOSPITAL.—Any health care 
practitioner present at the time the child is 
born alive shall— 
‘‘(A) exercise the same degree of profes-
sional skill, care, and diligence to preserve 
the life and health of the child as a reason-
ably diligent and conscientious health care 
practitioner would render to any other child 
born alive at the same gestational age; and 
‘‘(B) following the exercise of skill, care, 
and diligence required under subparagraph 
(A), ensure that the child born alive is imme-
diately transported and admitted to a hos-
pital. 
‘‘(2) 
MANDATORY
REPORTING
OF
VIOLA-
TIONS.—A health care practitioner or any 
employee of a hospital, a physician’s office, 
or an abortion clinic who has knowledge of a 
failure to comply with the requirements of 
paragraph (1) shall immediately report the 
failure to an appropriate State or Federal 
law enforcement agency, or to both. 
‘‘(b) PENALTIES.— 
‘‘(1) IN
GENERAL.—Whoever violates sub-
section (a) shall be fined under this title or 
imprisoned for not more than 5 years, or 
both. 
‘‘(2) INTENTIONAL
KILLING
OF
CHILD
BORN 
ALIVE.—Whoever intentionally performs or 
attempts to perform an overt act that kills 
a child born alive described under subsection 
(a), shall be punished as under section 1111 of 
this title for intentionally killing or at-
tempting to kill a human being. 
‘‘(c) BAR TO PROSECUTION.—The mother of a 
child born alive described under subsection 
(a) may not be prosecuted under this section, 
for conspiracy to violate this section, or for 
an offense under section 3 or 4 of this title 
based on such a violation. 
‘‘(d) CIVIL REMEDIES.— 
‘‘(1) CIVIL ACTION BY A WOMAN ON WHOM AN 
ABORTION IS PERFORMED.—If a child is born 
alive and there is a violation of subsection 
(a), the woman upon whom the abortion was 
performed or attempted may, in a civil ac-
tion against any person who committed the 
violation, obtain appropriate relief. 
‘‘(2) APPROPRIATE RELIEF.—Appropriate re-
lief in a civil action under this subsection in-
cludes— 
‘‘(A) objectively verifiable money damage 
for all injuries, psychological and physical, 
occasioned by the violation of subsection (a); 
‘‘(B) statutory damages equal to 3 times 
the cost of the abortion or attempted abor-
tion; and 
‘‘(C) punitive damages. 
‘‘(3) ATTORNEY’S FEE FOR PLAINTIFF.—The 
court shall award a reasonable attorney’s fee 
to a prevailing plaintiff in a civil action 
under this subsection. 
‘‘(4) ATTORNEY’S FEE FOR DEFENDANT.—If a 
defendant in a civil action under this sub-
section prevails and the court finds that the 
plaintiff’s suit was frivolous, the court shall 
award a reasonable attorney’s fee in favor of 
the defendant against the plaintiff. 
‘‘(e) DEFINITIONS.—In this section the fol-
lowing definitions apply: 
‘‘(1) ABORTION.—The term ‘abortion’ means 
the use or prescription of any instrument, 
medicine, drug, or any other substance or de-
vice— 
‘‘(A) to intentionally kill the unborn child 
of a woman known to be pregnant; or 
‘‘(B) to intentionally terminate the preg-
nancy of a woman known to be pregnant, 
with an intention other than— 
‘‘(i) after viability, to produce a live birth 
and preserve the life and health of the child 
born alive; or 
‘‘(ii) to remove a dead unborn child. 
‘‘(2) ATTEMPT.—The term ‘attempt’, with 
respect to an abortion, means conduct that, 
under the circumstances as the actor be-
lieves them to be, constitutes a substantial 
step in a course of conduct planned to cul-
minate in performing an abortion.’’. 
(b) CLERICAL
AMENDMENT.—The table of 
sections for chapter 74 of title 18, United 
States Code, is amended by inserting after 
the item pertaining to section 1531 the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘1532. Requirements pertaining to born-alive 
abortion survivors.’’. 
(c) CHAPTER HEADING AMENDMENTS.— 
(1) CHAPTER
HEADING
IN
CHAPTER.—The 
chapter heading for chapter 74 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended by striking 
‘‘Partial-Birth 
Abortions’’ 
and 
inserting 
‘‘Abortions’’. 
(2) TABLE
OF
CHAPTERS
FOR
PART
I.—The 
item relating to chapter 74 in the table of 
chapters at the beginning of part I of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended by striking 
‘‘Partial-Birth 
Abortions’’ 
and 
inserting 
‘‘Abortions’’. 
Mr. WALDEN (during the reading). 
Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the Clerk dispense with the 
reading. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-
tleman from Oregon? 
There was no objection. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Or-
egon is recognized for 5 minutes in sup-
port of his motion. 
Mr. WALDEN. Madam Speaker, Con-
gress has already passed and President 
Trump has already signed into law a 
ban on tobacco product sales, including 
vaping product sales to children under 
the age of 21. We did that. It is now 
law. Those are banned. 
The Food and Drug Administration is 
aggressively 
going 
after 
companies 
that still try to target kids and has the 
authority to stop them—and will. 
But we all care deeply about the 
health of our children. Taking care to 
protect the health and welfare of chil-
dren is a common cause. 
We know that the younger the child, 
the more vulnerable and defenseless 
they are, the more these children need 
our help. That is why we are offering a 
final amendment to the bill that lit-
erally would save the lives of the 
youngest children, the babies. 
I would hope we could agree to end 
the ghastly practice of letting children 
die without medical help when they are 
born alive after an abortion. Providing, 
literally, lifesaving medical care to 
these babies is something on which we 
should all find common ground and 
support. 
It is the right thing to do. It is the 
right thing to do for the children. 
These are not fetuses that are born. 
These are tiny little babies that are 
struggling to live. 
Madam Speaker, I yield to the gen-
tlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. WAG-
NER), author of the Born-Alive Abor-
tion Survivors Protection Act, a moth-
er and a grandmother herself, who al-
ways puts the lives of children first. 
Mrs. WAGNER. Madam Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman for yielding. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today in sup-
port of this motion to recommit to pro-
tect newborn babies who survive abor-
tions. 
Congress has an opportunity to en-
sure that no baby is denied lifesaving 
care simply because he or she is alleg-
edly unwanted. We can and we must 
act. 
But Democratic leadership has re-
fused to put my lifesaving legislation, 
the Born-Alive Survivors Protection 
Act, on the floor 80 times this Con-
gress. I am grateful that the U.S. Sen-
ate voted on the born-alive bill this 
week and the House must follow suit. 
Our constituents must know where 
we stand. Over 70 percent of Americans 
who identify as Democrats support this 
legislation, but their Representatives 
ignore their voices. 
We have learned from medical profes-
sionals, including former abortion pro-
viders, just how essential born-alive 
protections are. It breaks my heart to 
find that we must defend lifesaving 
care for newborn babies. 
This is an incredibly urgent moment 
for our Nation, Madam Speaker. Over 
the course of the past year, radical leg-
islators from New York to Illinois to 
Virginia have moved to strip protec-
tions for babies who survive abortions. 
I am appalled and saddened that 
there are prominent American politi-
cians who want to deny babies life-
saving medical care. Thankfully, a 
similar born-alive bill in Missouri re-
cently advanced just last week, a sign 
there is broad support for this measure. 
Denying lifesaving medical care to 
America’s infants is a violation of our 
Constitution and an egregious offense 
against basic human dignity. 
Supporting this motion to recom-
mit—which, I will say, the National 
Right to Life, Susan B. Anthony List, 
March for Life, Family Research Coun-
cil, and Concerned Women for America, 
all are key voting—is the simplest 
choice any Member of Congress can 
make. 
Do you support babies receiving life-
saving care after they are born, or 
would you deny these innocent chil-
dren that care and allow them to be 
discarded and left to die? 
The tragedy of infanticide across our 
country requires serious and effective 
legal safeguards, and I thank those who 
fight on behalf of the most vulnerable 
who cannot protect themselves. 
I implore my colleagues to support 
this motion to recommit and ensure 
that no baby is denied lifesaving care. 
Mr. WALDEN. Madam Speaker, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. BASS. Madam Speaker, I rise in 
opposition to the motion to recommit. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from California is recognized 
for 5 minutes. 
Ms. BASS. Madam Speaker, I am 
here to rise in support of the Pro-
tecting American Lungs and Reversing 
the Youth Tobacco Epidemic Act and 
to speak in opposition to the motion to 
recommit. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:06 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00033
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.041
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 32-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1288 
February 28, 2020 
I am concerned that some of my col-
leagues on the other side of the aisle 
are confused about what the discussion 
is about today, so I rise in opposition. 
The real issue here is about a dying 
industry that is in need of a new mar-
ket, a new generation of smokers, be-
cause the national movement that 
fought to protect the health of the pub-
lic from the adverse consequences of 
tobacco has successfully reduced smok-
ing and driven the industry overseas to 
sell its product. 
In 1988, California was one of the first 
States that voted to raise taxes on 
cigarettes and dedicated some of the 
revenue 
to 
creating 
statewide 
antismoking programs and campaigns 
to help people break addiction to to-
bacco. 
Public health researchers correctly 
identified the correlation between the 
marketing practices of the industry, 
accessibility of product, and levels of 
addiction. 
Some of you might remember Joe 
Camel, a cartoon character that made 
smoking look fun and innocent. Why 
would an industry whose product was 
only for adult use use a cartoon char-
acter to market its product? After law-
suits, the industry agreed to stop using 
cartoon imagery. 
Before Joe Camel, depending on how 
old you are, you might remember 
candy cigarettes. When I was a child, I 
could buy candy in a package that 
looked like cigarettes with 20 pieces of 
candy shaped exactly like a cigarette 
that we pretended to puff. 
California continued to raise taxes on 
tobacco and passed numerous ordi-
nances to prohibit smoking. You can’t 
smoke in government buildings. You 
can’t smoke even directly outside of 
government 
buildings. 
You 
can’t 
smoke in restaurants, in parks, or on 
the beach. You can’t even smoke in 
bars. 
Each time when taxes were raised or 
smoking was prohibited, the industry 
paid millions of dollars to frighten peo-
ple. Businesses were going to close; 
businesses were going to leave Cali-
fornia, and we would face a recession. 
But what happened? People stopped 
smoking. Smoking rates in California 
declined by 55 percent. States and com-
munities around the Nation joined the 
effort to protect the public’s health by 
taxing cigarettes and reducing where 
people could smoke. 
When smoking rates began to decline 
in specific populations—more affluent, 
more middle-class populations—the in-
dustry intensified marketing strategies 
and campaigns in low-income commu-
nities of color. 
In the 1990s, I ran a community-based 
program that was funded by tax dollars 
from cigarette sales. We fought to re-
move billboards and other advertise-
ments near schools and recreation cen-
ters because we understood the indus-
try was losing customers and they 
needed new smokers. The industry of-
fered to sponsor community events, 
supported community organizations, 
even handed out free cigarettes, all in 
order to generate goodwill and to un-
dermine the community organizing ef-
forts aimed at reducing the negative 
health consequences. 
Now, there is an entire generation 
that never experienced a smoking sec-
tion on an airplane or in a restaurant 
or, for that matter, ever sat in a com-
mittee hearing while Members smoked. 
The very idea of this seems outrageous 
today, but like other examples of great 
change in society, the change in social 
norms regarding smoking took an or-
ganized movement. The legislation we 
are voting on today is in response to 
that movement’s success. 
The industry is greatly diminished 
and is in search of new markets. The 
industry is just working on getting a 
new generation prepared to be addicted 
to their product, and they found a path 
in modernistic e-cigarettes and tanta-
lizing flavors like circus and twisted 
berry. 
Young people are being led to believe 
that smoking e-cigarettes is a safer 
way to smoke, just like smokers in the 
1980s were led to believe that smoking 
light cigarettes were safer—Marlboro 
Lights 
were 
safer 
than 
regular 
Marlboros. 
After years of a decline in smoking, 
with heavy marketing the last 3 years, 
high school e-cigarette usage increased 
135 percent, and 7 out of 10 youth e-cig-
arette smokers say they use them be-
cause ‘‘they come in flavors I like.’’ In 
fact, e-cigarettes are available in thou-
sands of different flavors. 
Cigars are right behind e-cigarettes 
as the second most popular tobacco 
product among high school students. 
E-cigarettes come in 250 different fla-
vors, including banana smash, straw-
berry kiwi, and watermelon. There is 
just no reason that an industry that 
claims to be for adults would market 
flavors like bubble gum and cotton 
candy. The marketing of cigarette fla-
vors is the 2020 version of candy ciga-
rettes and Joe Camel. There is nothing 
new about this strategy. We cannot and 
should not be ignorant to history. 
While Republicans might use this 
MTR, for some strange reason, to drive 
a wedge between our Caucus, we are 
trying to save lives by passing this bill. 
I ask my colleagues on both sides of 
the aisle to oppose this senseless mo-
tion to recommit. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is or-
dered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to recommit. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that 
the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. WALDEN. Madam Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 9 of rule XX, this 5- 
minute vote on the motion to recom-
mit will be followed by 5-minute votes 
on: 
Passage of the bill, if ordered; and 
Agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of 
the Journal, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 187, nays 
220, not voting 22, as follows: 
[Roll No. 77] 
YEAS—187 
Abraham 
Aderholt 
Allen 
Amash 
Amodei 
Armstrong 
Arrington 
Babin 
Bacon 
Baird 
Balderson 
Banks 
Barr 
Bergman 
Biggs 
Bilirakis 
Bishop (NC) 
Bishop (UT) 
Bost 
Brooks (AL) 
Brooks (IN) 
Buchanan 
Buck 
Bucshon 
Budd 
Burchett 
Burgess 
Calvert 
Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) 
Chabot 
Cheney 
Cline 
Cloud 
Cole 
Collins (GA) 
Comer 
Conaway 
Cook 
Crawford 
Crenshaw 
Curtis 
Davidson (OH) 
Davis, Rodney 
DesJarlais 
Diaz-Balart 
Duncan 
Emmer 
Estes 
Ferguson 
Fitzpatrick 
Fleischmann 
Flores 
Fortenberry 
Foxx (NC) 
Fulcher 
Gaetz 
Gallagher 
Gianforte 
Gibbs 
Gonzalez (OH) 
Gooden 
Gosar 
Graves (GA) 
Graves (LA) 
Graves (MO) 
Griffith 
Grothman 
Guest 
Guthrie 
Hagedorn 
Harris 
Hartzler 
Hern, Kevin 
Herrera Beutler 
Hice (GA) 
Higgins (LA) 
Hill (AR) 
Hollingsworth 
Hudson 
Huizenga 
Hurd (TX) 
Johnson (LA) 
Johnson (OH) 
Johnson (SD) 
Jordan 
Joyce (OH) 
Joyce (PA) 
Katko 
Keller 
Kelly (MS) 
Kelly (PA) 
King (IA) 
King (NY) 
Kinzinger 
Kustoff (TN) 
LaHood 
LaMalfa 
Lamborn 
Latta 
Lesko 
Lipinski 
Lucas 
Luetkemeyer 
Marshall 
Mast 
McAdams 
McCarthy 
McCaul 
McClintock 
McHenry 
McKinley 
Meadows 
Meuser 
Miller 
Mitchell 
Moolenaar 
Mooney (WV) 
Murphy (NC) 
Newhouse 
Norman 
Nunes 
Olson 
Palazzo 
Palmer 
Pence 
Perry 
Peterson 
Posey 
Ratcliffe 
Reed 
Reschenthaler 
Rice (SC) 
Riggleman 
Roby 
Rodgers (WA) 
Roe, David P. 
Rogers (AL) 
Rogers (KY) 
Rose, John W. 
Rouzer 
Roy 
Rutherford 
Scalise 
Schweikert 
Scott, Austin 
Sensenbrenner 
Shimkus 
Simpson 
Smith (MO) 
Smith (NE) 
Smith (NJ) 
Smucker 
Spano 
Stauber 
Stefanik 
Steil 
Steube 
Stewart 
Stivers 
Taylor 
Thompson (PA) 
Thornberry 
Timmons 
Tipton 
Turner 
Upton 
Van Drew 
Wagner 
Walberg 
Walden 
Walker 
Walorski 
Waltz 
Watkins 
Weber (TX) 
Wenstrup 
Westerman 
Williams 
Wilson (SC) 
Wittman 
Womack 
Woodall 
Wright 
Yoho 
Young 
Zeldin 
NAYS—220 
Adams 
Aguilar 
Allred 
Axne 
Barraga´n 
Bass 
Beatty 
Bera 
Beyer 
Blumenauer 
Blunt Rochester 
Bonamici 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brindisi 
Brown (MD) 
Brownley (CA) 
Bustos 
Butterfield 
Carbajal 
Ca´rdenas 
Carson (IN) 
Cartwright 
Case 
Casten (IL) 
Castor (FL) 
Castro (TX) 
Chu, Judy 
Cicilline 
Cisneros 
Clark (MA) 
Clarke (NY) 
Clay 
Cleaver 
Cohen 
Connolly 
Cooper 
Correa 
Costa 
Courtney 
Cox (CA) 
Craig 
Crist 
Crow 
Cunningham 
Davids (KS) 
Davis (CA) 
Davis, Danny K. 
Dean 
DeFazio 
DeGette 
DeLauro 
DelBene 
Delgado 
Demings 
DeSaulnier 
Deutch 
Dingell 
Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Engel 
Escobar 
Eshoo 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:06 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00034
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K28FE7.036
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 33-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1289 
February 28, 2020 
Espaillat 
Evans 
Finkenauer 
Fletcher 
Foster 
Frankel 
Fudge 
Gallego 
Garamendi 
Garcı´a (IL) 
Garcia (TX) 
Golden 
Gomez 
Gonzalez (TX) 
Gottheimer 
Green, Al (TX) 
Haaland 
Harder (CA) 
Hastings 
Hayes 
Heck 
Higgins (NY) 
Himes 
Horn, Kendra S. 
Horsford 
Houlahan 
Hoyer 
Huffman 
Jackson Lee 
Jayapal 
Jeffries 
Johnson (GA) 
Johnson (TX) 
Kaptur 
Keating 
Kelly (IL) 
Kennedy 
Khanna 
Kildee 
Kilmer 
Kim 
Kind 
Kirkpatrick 
Krishnamoorthi 
Kuster (NH) 
Lamb 
Langevin 
Larsen (WA) 
Larson (CT) 
Lawrence 
Lawson (FL) 
Lee (CA) 
Lee (NV) 
Levin (CA) 
Levin (MI) 
Lieu, Ted 
Loebsack 
Lofgren 
Lowenthal 
Lowey 
Luja´n 
Luria 
Lynch 
Malinowski 
Maloney, 
Carolyn B. 
Maloney, Sean 
Matsui 
McBath 
McCollum 
McEachin 
McGovern 
McNerney 
Meeks 
Meng 
Moore 
Morelle 
Moulton 
Mucarsel-Powell 
Murphy (FL) 
Nadler 
Napolitano 
Neal 
Neguse 
Norcross 
O’Halleran 
Ocasio-Cortez 
Omar 
Pallone 
Panetta 
Pappas 
Pascrell 
Payne 
Perlmutter 
Peters 
Phillips 
Pingree 
Pocan 
Porter 
Pressley 
Price (NC) 
Quigley 
Raskin 
Rice (NY) 
Richmond 
Rose (NY) 
Rouda 
Roybal-Allard 
Ruiz 
Ruppersberger 
Rush 
Ryan 
Sa´nchez 
Sarbanes 
Scanlon 
Schakowsky 
Schiff 
Schneider 
Schrader 
Schrier 
Scott (VA) 
Scott, David 
Serrano 
Sewell (AL) 
Shalala 
Sherman 
Sherrill 
Slotkin 
Smith (WA) 
Soto 
Spanberger 
Speier 
Stanton 
Stevens 
Suozzi 
Swalwell (CA) 
Takano 
Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) 
Titus 
Tlaib 
Tonko 
Torres (CA) 
Torres Small 
(NM) 
Trahan 
Trone 
Underwood 
Vargas 
Veasey 
Vela 
Vela´zquez 
Visclosky 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters 
Watson Coleman 
Welch 
Wexton 
Wild 
Wilson (FL) 
Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—22 
Bishop (GA) 
Brady 
Byrne 
Clyburn 
Cuellar 
Doggett 
Dunn 
Gabbard 
Gohmert 
Granger 
Green (TN) 
Grijalva 
Holding 
Lewis 
Long 
Loudermilk 
Marchant 
Massie 
Mullin 
Rooney (FL) 
Sires 
Webster (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-
ing. 
b 1201 
So the motion to recommit was re-
jected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that 
the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. WALDEN. Madam Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 213, nays 
195, not voting 22, as follows: 
[Roll No. 78] 
YEAS—213 
Adams 
Aguilar 
Allred 
Axne 
Barraga´n 
Bass 
Beatty 
Bera 
Beyer 
Blumenauer 
Blunt Rochester 
Bonamici 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brown (MD) 
Brownley (CA) 
Buchanan 
Bustos 
Carbajal 
Ca´rdenas 
Carson (IN) 
Cartwright 
Case 
Casten (IL) 
Castor (FL) 
Castro (TX) 
Chu, Judy 
Cicilline 
Cisneros 
Clark (MA) 
Clay 
Cleaver 
Cohen 
Connolly 
Cooper 
Correa 
Costa 
Courtney 
Cox (CA) 
Craig 
Crist 
Crow 
Cunningham 
Davids (KS) 
Davis (CA) 
Davis, Danny K. 
Dean 
DeFazio 
DeGette 
DeLauro 
DelBene 
Delgado 
Demings 
DeSaulnier 
Deutch 
Dingell 
Doggett 
Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Engel 
Escobar 
Eshoo 
Espaillat 
Evans 
Finkenauer 
Fitzpatrick 
Foster 
Frankel 
Gallego 
Garamendi 
Garcı´a (IL) 
Garcia (TX) 
Gomez 
Gonzalez (TX) 
Gottheimer 
Green, Al (TX) 
Haaland 
Harder (CA) 
Hastings 
Hayes 
Heck 
Higgins (NY) 
Himes 
Horsford 
Houlahan 
Hoyer 
Huffman 
Jackson Lee 
Jayapal 
Jeffries 
Johnson (TX) 
Kaptur 
Keating 
Kelly (IL) 
Kennedy 
Khanna 
Kildee 
Kilmer 
Kim 
Kind 
King (NY) 
Kirkpatrick 
Krishnamoorthi 
Kuster (NH) 
Langevin 
Larsen (WA) 
Larson (CT) 
Lawrence 
Lee (CA) 
Lee (NV) 
Levin (CA) 
Levin (MI) 
Lieu, Ted 
Lipinski 
Loebsack 
Lofgren 
Lowenthal 
Lowey 
Luja´n 
Lynch 
Malinowski 
Maloney, 
Carolyn B. 
Maloney, Sean 
Matsui 
McBath 
McCollum 
McGovern 
McNerney 
Meeks 
Meng 
Moore 
Morelle 
Moulton 
Mucarsel-Powell 
Murphy (FL) 
Nadler 
Napolitano 
Neal 
Neguse 
Norcross 
O’Halleran 
Ocasio-Cortez 
Omar 
Pallone 
Panetta 
Pappas 
Pascrell 
Payne 
Pelosi 
Perlmutter 
Peters 
Phillips 
Pingree 
Pocan 
Porter 
Pressley 
Price (NC) 
Quigley 
Raskin 
Rice (NY) 
Rose (NY) 
Rouda 
Roybal-Allard 
Ruiz 
Ruppersberger 
Rush 
Ryan 
Sa´nchez 
Sarbanes 
Scanlon 
Schakowsky 
Schiff 
Schneider 
Schrader 
Schrier 
Scott (VA) 
Scott, David 
Serrano 
Sewell (AL) 
Shalala 
Sherman 
Sherrill 
Slotkin 
Smith (NJ) 
Smith (WA) 
Soto 
Speier 
Stanton 
Stevens 
Suozzi 
Swalwell (CA) 
Takano 
Thompson (CA) 
Titus 
Tlaib 
Tonko 
Torres (CA) 
Torres Small 
(NM) 
Trahan 
Trone 
Underwood 
Upton 
Vargas 
Veasey 
Vela 
Vela´zquez 
Visclosky 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters 
Watson Coleman 
Welch 
Wexton 
Wild 
Wilson (FL) 
Yarmuth 
NAYS—195 
Abraham 
Aderholt 
Allen 
Amash 
Amodei 
Armstrong 
Arrington 
Babin 
Bacon 
Baird 
Balderson 
Banks 
Barr 
Bergman 
Biggs 
Bilirakis 
Bishop (NC) 
Bishop (UT) 
Bost 
Brindisi 
Brooks (AL) 
Brooks (IN) 
Buck 
Bucshon 
Budd 
Burchett 
Burgess 
Butterfield 
Calvert 
Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) 
Chabot 
Cheney 
Clarke (NY) 
Cline 
Cloud 
Cole 
Collins (GA) 
Comer 
Conaway 
Cook 
Crawford 
Crenshaw 
Curtis 
Davidson (OH) 
Davis, Rodney 
DesJarlais 
Diaz-Balart 
Duncan 
Emmer 
Estes 
Ferguson 
Fleischmann 
Fletcher 
Flores 
Fortenberry 
Foxx (NC) 
Fudge 
Fulcher 
Gaetz 
Gallagher 
Gianforte 
Gibbs 
Golden 
Gonzalez (OH) 
Gooden 
Gosar 
Graves (GA) 
Graves (LA) 
Graves (MO) 
Griffith 
Grothman 
Guest 
Guthrie 
Hagedorn 
Harris 
Hartzler 
Hern, Kevin 
Herrera Beutler 
Hice (GA) 
Higgins (LA) 
Hill (AR) 
Hollingsworth 
Horn, Kendra S. 
Hudson 
Huizenga 
Hurd (TX) 
Johnson (GA) 
Johnson (LA) 
Johnson (OH) 
Johnson (SD) 
Jordan 
Joyce (OH) 
Joyce (PA) 
Katko 
Keller 
Kelly (MS) 
Kelly (PA) 
King (IA) 
Kinzinger 
Kustoff (TN) 
LaHood 
LaMalfa 
Lamb 
Lamborn 
Latta 
Lawson (FL) 
Lesko 
Lucas 
Luetkemeyer 
Luria 
Marshall 
Mast 
McAdams 
McCarthy 
McCaul 
McClintock 
McEachin 
McHenry 
McKinley 
Meadows 
Meuser 
Miller 
Mitchell 
Moolenaar 
Mooney (WV) 
Newhouse 
Norman 
Nunes 
Olson 
Palazzo 
Palmer 
Pence 
Perry 
Peterson 
Posey 
Ratcliffe 
Reed 
Reschenthaler 
Rice (SC) 
Richmond 
Riggleman 
Roby 
Rodgers (WA) 
Roe, David P. 
Rogers (AL) 
Rogers (KY) 
Rose, John W. 
Rouzer 
Roy 
Rutherford 
Scalise 
Schweikert 
Scott, Austin 
Sensenbrenner 
Shimkus 
Simpson 
Smith (MO) 
Smith (NE) 
Smucker 
Spanberger 
Spano 
Stauber 
Stefanik 
Steil 
Steube 
Stewart 
Stivers 
Taylor 
Thompson (MS) 
Thompson (PA) 
Thornberry 
Timmons 
Tipton 
Turner 
Van Drew 
Wagner 
Walberg 
Walden 
Walker 
Walorski 
Waltz 
Watkins 
Weber (TX) 
Wenstrup 
Westerman 
Williams 
Wilson (SC) 
Wittman 
Womack 
Woodall 
Wright 
Yoho 
Young 
Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—22 
Bishop (GA) 
Brady 
Byrne 
Clyburn 
Cuellar 
Dunn 
Gabbard 
Gohmert 
Granger 
Green (TN) 
Grijalva 
Holding 
Lewis 
Long 
Loudermilk 
Marchant 
Massie 
Mullin 
Murphy (NC) 
Rooney (FL) 
Sires 
Webster (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-
ing. 
b 1208 
So the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the unfin-
ished business is the question on agree-
ing to the Speaker’s approval of the 
Journal, which the Chair will put de 
novo. 
The question is on the Speaker’s ap-
proval of the Journal. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PERMISSION FOR MEMBER TO BE 
CONSIDERED AS FIRST SPONSOR 
OF H.R. 497 
Mr. KINZINGER. Madam Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that I may 
hereafter be considered to be the first 
sponsor of H.R. 497, a bill originally in-
troduced by Representative DUNCAN 
HUNTER of California, for the purposes 
of adding cosponsors and requesting 
reprintings pursuant to clause 7 of rule 
XII. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00035
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.043
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 34-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1290 
February 28, 2020 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-
tleman from Illinois? 
There was no objection. 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE FOR 
EMPLOYEES AT MOLSON COORS 
(Ms. MOORE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute.) 
Ms. MOORE. Madam Speaker, I want 
to thank the members of the Wisconsin 
delegation for joining me at this very 
difficult moment. 
Madam Speaker, I really wish that I 
did not have to make the request that 
I am about to make, but I am asking 
Members to join me and indulge me in 
this undertaking. 
Two days ago, the employees at 
Molson Coors in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, 
went to work in my district, and, un-
fortunately, five of them did not go 
home. Now their families are gathering 
to put them to rest. 
I want my colleagues to know their 
names: 
Jesus Valle Jr. of Milwaukee was an 
employee since 2014 and was only 33 
years old. 
Gennady ‘‘Gene’’ Levshetz, 61, of 
Mequon, was an employee since 2008. I 
have known Gene personally since 1992, 
and his wonderful wife, Alina; his 
daughters, Tanya and Becca. 
I was so inspired by his story of hav-
ing emigrated from the former Soviet 
Union to Mequon in the early 1990s. He 
worked like a dog. 
Gene will be remembered for being 
the best husband, the best dad, and the 
best grandfather. I can attest to that. 
Trevor Wetselaar, 33, of Milwaukee 
was married and a 2009 graduate of the 
University of Wisconsin-Madison. He 
was an employee since 2018. 
Mr. Dana Walk of Delafield was an 
employee since 2004. He had been mar-
ried to Dori for 35 years. His three chil-
dren, Andy, Melanie, and Michelle are 
left to grieve his loss. He was a grad-
uate of Kettle Moraine High School. 
Dale ‘‘Huddy’’ Hudson of Waukesha 
was an employee since 2008. 
Madam Speaker, I would ask that all 
Members and guests in the gallery rise 
for a moment of silence and reflect on 
these souls. 
f 
b 1215 
SUPPORT DEMOCRATS’ 
INFRASTRUCTURE PLAN 
(Ms. JOHNSON of Texas asked and 
was given permission to address the 
House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. JOHNSON of Texas. Madam 
Speaker, I rise to highlight the critical 
need to rebuild and strengthen our in-
frastructure in the United States. 
This is why I support the Democrats’ 
Moving Forward Infrastructure Plan to 
create an estimated 10 million jobs by 
investing $760 billion over 5 years in 
the Nation’s roads, bridges, transit sys-
tems, railways, airports, ports, inland 
waterways, wastewater and drinking 
water 
systems, 
brownfields, 
and 
broadband. 
Building our Nation’s 21st century 
infrastructure also presents a unique 
opportunity for us to create a more in-
clusive technical workforce. The high- 
skilled jobs of the future can be 
accessed by our communities if support 
is provided for technical training and 
learning skills. A skilled technical 
workforce that reflects the diversity of 
our Nation is critical to our continued 
growth and advancement. 
It is no secret that our basic infra-
structure is in crisis. This framework 
would bolster the Federal role in order 
to help communities around the coun-
try undertake transformative projects 
that are smarter, safer, and made to 
last. 
f 
COMMEMORATING CENTENNIAL OF 
ADVANCE CTE 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-
dress the House for 1 minute and to re-
vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Madam Speaker, as co-chair of the bi-
partisan House Career and Technical 
Education Caucus, I rise to commemo-
rate the 100th Anniversary of Advance 
CTE: State Leaders Connecting Learn-
ing to Work. 
Advance CTE was founded in 1920 and 
is the longest standing national non-
profit that represents State career and 
technical education directors and lead-
ers responsible for secondary, postsec-
ondary, and adult career and technical 
education across the Nation. 
Each year, CTE provides 12 million 
learners with the tools to succeed in a 
skills-based career of their choice. 
With more than 7 million jobs avail-
able in the United States, CTE learners 
are helping close our Nation’s skills 
gap. 
Advance CTE is committed to sup-
porting States for another 100 years to 
ensure high-quality CTE programs are 
available to all individuals, no matter 
their age, background, or ZIP Code. 
Earlier this week, I introduced a res-
olution with my friend and colleague, 
JIM LANGEVIN, to recognize February 
as CTE month. In the same spirit, I ask 
my colleagues to please join me in 
celebrating 100 years of Advance CTE 
and all that they do to promote skills- 
based education and opportunity in 
life. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
FROM 
FRIDAY, 
FEBRUARY 28, 2020, TO MONDAY, 
MARCH 2, 2020 
Mr. PAYNE. Madam Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that when the 
House adjourns today, it adjourn to 
meet on Monday next, when it shall 
convene at noon for morning-hour de-
bate and 2 p.m. for legislative business. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. DA-
VIDS of Kansas). Is there objection to 
the request of the gentleman from New 
Jersey? 
There was no objection. 
f 
HONORING HENRY HAMILTON 
(Mr. PAYNE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. PAYNE. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Henry Hamilton to 
close Black History Month. 
Mr. Hamilton is the principal of the 
Whitney E. Houston Academy in East 
Orange, New Jersey. He has been a 
teacher, administrator, and principal 
at the school for 50 years of his 57 years 
in education. 
His dedication to his students is 
shown every single day. He chats with 
them in the halls. He eats meals with 
them during lunch. He encourages 
them when they are having a bad day. 
He even carries peppermint treats to 
reward students for good grades. 
He loves teaching so much that he 
never missed a day of work for his first 
33 years of service. 
Madam Speaker, I celebrated his 
work and legacy during my special 
Black History Month celebration on 
February 21. He is an asset to my dis-
trict, a revered public servant, and a 
great, great man. He deserves all these 
accolades and many more. 
f 
HONORING JOHN HAROLD 
JOHNSON 
(Mr. HILL of Arkansas asked and was 
given permission to address the House 
for 1 minute and to revise and extend 
his remarks.) 
Mr. 
HILL 
of 
Arkansas. 
Madam 
Speaker, I rise today to honor an 
American icon and celebrated Arkan-
san, John Harold Johnson. 
Born in Arkansas City, Arkansas, in 
1918, Mr. Johnson persevered through 
poverty and graduated high school 
with honors before attending the Uni-
versity of Chicago and Northwestern 
University. 
In 1942, he founded the Johnson Pub-
lishing 
Company, 
which 
published 
Ebony and Jet, two of the defining 
magazines of the late 20th century. Mr. 
Johnson’s Ebony coverage of the Little 
Rock Nine in 1957 projected the crisis 
into the public eye, making him a crit-
ical figure in the civil rights move-
ment. 
A member of the Forbes 400, Mr. 
Johnson was a terrific entrepreneur 
and executive. In 1996, he received the 
Presidential Medal of Freedom from 
President Bill Clinton for his work to-
ward achieving equality. 
This Black History Month, I am 
proud to honor Mr. Johnson’s enduring 
legacy and indelible impact on the 
State of Arkansas. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MERCY-DOUGLASS 
NURSES 
(Ms. SCANLON asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00036
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K28FE7.042
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 35-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1291 
February 28, 2020 
Ms. SCANLON. Madam Speaker, I 
rise today to pay tribute to the Mercy- 
Douglass nurses, who led the way to in-
tegrate Pennsylvania’s healthcare sys-
tem. 
In the 1940s and 1950s, there were few 
nursing programs available to Black 
women. At that time, two West Phila-
delphia hospitals founded by Black 
doctors merged and created the Mercy- 
Douglass Hospital School of Nursing. 
Mercy-Douglass trained young, Black 
women for professional careers at a 
time when few nursing schools would 
enroll them, and most hospitals in 
Philadelphia or across the Common-
wealth had few, if any, Black nurses on 
staff. 
Early graduates of Mercy-Douglass 
were often the first Black nurses in a 
facility and had to deal with doctors 
and White nurses who questioned their 
qualifications or refused to be super-
vised by them, no matter their training 
or seniority. 
Nevertheless, Mercy-Douglass nurses, 
like Susan Blake from my hometown, 
persisted to break barriers and emerge 
as leaders in their communities. 
Today, we celebrate the legacy and 
commitment of the trailblazing nurses 
of Mercy-Douglass Hospital Nursing 
School to improve the lives of those in 
need of care and for the women who 
followed. 
f 
RECOGNIZING CHILDREN’S 
DENTAL HEALTH MONTH 
(Mr. GOSAR asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. GOSAR. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today in honor of National Children’s 
Dental Health Month. 
Each February, the American Dental 
Association unifies members of our 
healthcare community to recognize the 
importance of good oral health for our 
children and many others. 
As a former dentist, I know that 
quality dental healthcare impacts your 
overall well-being. Proper oral health 
starts with the very first tooth, as 
baby teeth are the building blocks to a 
healthy smile. 
According to the Centers for Disease 
Control and Prevention, about 20 per-
cent of children ages 5 to 11 suffer from 
tooth decay. When a child suffers from 
dental pain, the impact is far-reaching 
and can affect critical developmental 
stages, including speaking, eating, and 
learning. 
Although tooth decay is widespread, 
it is preventable. Tooth decay is the 
number one chronic infectious disease 
among children in the U.S., and pro-
grams like Give Kids a Smile Day en-
able thousands of dentist volunteers to 
give their time and efforts to make a 
difference in the health of children. 
Since this program has started, vol-
unteers have treated over 6 million 
children across the country, in all 50 
States and the District of Columbia. 
They have truly made a huge impact in 
their communities and improved the 
oral health of so many children. 
f 
CONGRESS SHOULD FIGHT FOR 
AMERICANS WITH RARE DISEASES 
(Mr. DEUTCH asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. DEUTCH. Madam Speaker, we 
can’t let disputes over dollars and 
cents diminish the hope for more 
smiles and laughter from sweet chil-
dren like Jordan Ogman. 
This week, I visited 4-year-old Jordan 
to bring attention to the fight to save 
his life from a rare genetic disorder, 
TECPR2. 
Jordan’s parents, David and Stacey, 
refused to view his diagnosis as a trag-
edy. They are inspired by his laugh, by 
his beautiful smile, and by his love for 
his family—especially his sister, Kira. 
They are ready to fight for him. 
The Ogman family is counting on 
Congress to do what is right. This Rare 
Disease Week, the 30 million Ameri-
cans living with 1 of over 7,000 rare dis-
eases are counting on Congress to in-
vest in the research that can give them 
hope. 
Jordan’s mom says: ‘‘He is a warrior. 
He is resilient and bright, and we are 
fighting every minute to save his life.’’ 
Congress needs to be there to fight 
alongside the Ogman family and every 
American family battling a rare dis-
ease. 
Jordan, you keep fighting. 
My colleagues, let’s join this fight to-
gether. 
f 
RECOGNIZING ROBERT WILSON’S 
EAGLE SCOUT ACHIEVEMENT 
(Mr. VAN DREW asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. VAN DREW. Madam Speaker, I 
recognize 
Robert 
Wilson 
on 
his 
achievement of the rank of Eagle 
Scout. 
Robert is with Troop 4 in Millville in 
southern New Jersey. 
Eagle Scout is the highest rank at-
tainable in the Boy Scouts of America. 
It is a prestigious honor bestowed upon 
only the most worthy and the most 
qualified individuals. Only 4 percent of 
all Boy Scouts ever achieve this pres-
tigious recognition. Eagle Scouts are 
likely to dedicate their lives to service, 
becoming future leaders in industry, 
politics, the military. 
My office was proud to be at Robert’s 
ceremony to celebrate his achievement 
earlier this week with his scout leader, 
Lou Charlesworth. 
I am proud of your accomplishments, 
Robert, and I am looking forward to 
big things in the future from you. 
Some people look for heroes with ce-
lebrities, God help them. Some look in 
Washington, God help them, too. My 
hero is Robert. 
God bless you and your family, Rob-
ert. 
HAPPY 105TH BIRTHDAY, ERMA 
HELEN ROSENHAN 
(Mr. MCADAMS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. 
MCADAMS. 
Madam 
Speaker, 
Erma Helen Rosenhan turns 105 years 
old today. Erma was born at home in 
1915, in Salt Lake City, the seventh of 
nine children born to German immi-
grant parents. 
During Erma’s lifetime, she has wit-
nessed such developments as elec-
tricity, radio, television, telephones, 
computers, 
cellphones, 
automobiles, 
and airplanes. 
These are all things that she did 
without for much of her young life, and 
she has said that she was better off 
without them. Erma loves simplicity. 
Most of Erma’s life has been dedi-
cated to genealogy research of her Ger-
man ancestors. She has researched over 
450,000 family names, going back to the 
year 1150 AD. 
Erma has also lived a very simple 
life, living very modestly and saving 
her money. She once debated whether 
or not to extend her grocery list to in-
clude a loaf of banana bread. After a 
minute of thought, she said: ‘‘Oh, what 
the heck. I feel reckless today.’’ 
Because of her frugality, Erma has 
been able to donate tens of thousands 
of dollars to humanitarian needs over 
the many years she has been living. 
At 105, Erma says: ‘‘One person can 
make a difference, no matter how old 
they are, so don’t ever give up. I tell 
the Lord, I know I am old, but I will do 
what You would have me do if You will 
help me, and He always does.’’ 
Erma’s faith has influenced many, 
and she is not afraid to tell people 
when they ought to shape up. Erma’s 
105 years has been exemplary, a life full 
of selflessness and sacrifice. 
From the United States Capitol, 
happy 105th birthday to Erma Helen 
Rosenhan. 
f 
b 1230 
CONGRATULATING 
THOMAS 
EDI-
SON MIDDLE SCHOOL OF MERI-
DEN, CONNECTICUT 
(Mrs. HAYES asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute.) 
Mrs. HAYES. Madam Speaker, I rise 
to congratulate Thomas Edison Middle 
School of Meriden, Connecticut, for 
being named a National Magnet School 
of Distinction by Magnet Schools of 
America. 
Thomas Edison is one of 12 schools in 
Connecticut and one of only 142 schools 
in the country to be given this pres-
tigious distinction. Its challenging cur-
riculum, full engineering program, in-
novative technical supports, and strong 
family and community partnerships 
have resulted in high student achieve-
ment at the school. 
Thomas Edison started an innovative 
program that provided every student 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00037
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K28FE7.044
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 36-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1292 
February 28, 2020 
with a laptop to take home. This kind 
of investment in all students and com-
mitment to reducing disparity pays 
dividends in student success. 
Even with plentiful resources, suc-
cess takes staff buy-in, strong leader-
ship, and tireless work. I commend the 
staff at Thomas Edison for their com-
mitment to their craft and dedication 
to students. 
But it also takes a community, par-
ents devoted to their children’s learn-
ing, and students empowered and moti-
vated to go the extra mile. Thomas 
Edison has implemented a family and 
community partnership. It has also 
partnered with the Community Health 
Center to provide behavioral health 
and dental health to all students. 
This comprehensive approach to sup-
porting 
students 
with 
wrap-around 
service 
makes 
a 
difference. 
Every 
school in America has the potential to 
be a school of distinction; we just need 
to prioritize education. 
Again, I congratulate the Thomas 
Edison Middle School community for 
this award and honor. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM CHAIR OF 
COMMITTEE 
ON 
TRANSPOR-
TATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-
nication from the Chair of the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infra-
structure; which was read and, without 
objection, referred to the Committee 
on Appropriations: 
COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND 
INFRASTRUCTURE, HOUSE OF REP-
RESENTATIVES, 
Washington, DC, February 27, 2020. 
Hon. NANCY PELOSI, 
Speaker, House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR MADAM SPEAKER: On February 26, 
2020, pursuant to section 3307 of Title 40, 
United States Code, the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure met in 
open session to consider twenty-four resolu-
tions included in the General Services Ad-
ministration’s Capital Investment and Leas-
ing Programs. 
I have enclosed copies of the resolutions 
adopted. 
Sincerely, 
PETER A. DEFAZIO, 
Chair. 
Enclosures. 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION 
LEASE—DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE FEDERAL 
BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION, WASHINGTON, DC 
Resolved by the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-
resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. § 3307, 
appropriations are authorized for a lease of 
up to 180,000 rentable square feet of space, in-
cluding 10 official parking spaces, for the 
Federal Bureau of Investigation currently lo-
cated at 375 E Street SW in Washington, DC, 
at a proposed total annual cost of $9,000,000 
for a lease term of up to 20 years, a pro-
spectus for which is attached to and included 
in this resolution. 
Approval of this prospectus constitutes au-
thority to execute an interim lease for all 
tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution 
of the new lease. 
Provided that, the Administrator of General 
Services and tenant agency(ies) agree to 
apply an overall utilization rate of 174 square 
feet or less per person, except that, if the Ad-
ministrator determines that the overall uti-
lization rate cannot be achieved, the Admin-
istrator shall provide an explanatory state-
ment to the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-
resentatives prior to exercising any lease au-
thority provided in this resolution. 
Provided that, except for interim leases as 
described above, the Administrator may not 
enter into any leases that are below pro-
spectus level for the purposes of meeting any 
of the requirements, or portions thereof, in-
cluded in the prospectus that would result in 
an overall utilization rate of 174 square feet 
or higher per person. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator shall include 
in the lease contract(s) a purchase option 
that can be exercised at the conclusion of 
the firm term of the lease. 
Provided further, that the General Services 
Administration shall not delegate to any 
other agency the authority granted by this 
resolution. 
Provided further, that the Administrator 
shall require that the delineated area of the 
procurement is identical to the delineated 
area included in the prospectus, except that, 
if the Administrator determines that the de-
lineated area of the procurement should not 
be identical to the delineated area included 
in the prospectus, the Administrator shall 
provide an explanatory statement to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure of the House of Representatives 
prior to exercising any lease authority pro-
vided in this resolution. 
Provided further, not later than 30 calendar 
days after the date on which a request from 
the Chairman or Ranking Member of the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure of the House of Representatives is 
received by the Administrator of General 
Services, the Administrator shall provide 
such Member a response in writing that pro-
vides any information requested regarding 
the project. 
Provided further, the Administrator of Gen-
eral Services may not enter into this lease if 
it does not contain a provision barring any 
individual holding a Federally-elected office, 
regardless of whether such individual took 
office before or after execution of this lease, 
to directly participate in, or benefit from or 
under this lease or any part thereof and that 
such provision provide that if this lease is 
found to have been made in violation of the 
foregoing prohibition or it is found that this 
prohibition has been violated during the 
term of the lease, the lease shall be void, ex-
cept that the foregoing limitation shall not 
apply if the lease is entered into with a pub-
licly-held corporation or publicly-held entity 
for the general benefit of such corporation or 
entity. 
Provided further, prior to entering into this 
lease or approving a novation agreement in-
volving a change of ownership under this 
lease, the Administrator of General Services 
shall require the offeror or the parties re-
questing the novation, as applicable, to iden-
tify and disclose whether the owner of the 
leased space, including an entity involved in 
the financing thereof, is a foreign person or 
a foreign-owned entity; provided further, in 
such an instance, the Administrator of Gen-
eral Services shall notify the occupant agen-
cy(ies) in writing, and consult with such oc-
cupant agency(ies) regarding security con-
cerns and necessary mitigation measures (if 
any) prior to award of the lease or approval 
of the novation agreement. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator of General 
Services shall require that the lease procure-
ment consider the availability of public 
transportation consistent with agency mis-
sion requirements and that the space to be 
leased be renovated for all cost effective im-
provements, including renewable energy up-
grades, water efficiency improvements, and 
indoor air quality optimization, that reduce 
greenhouse gas emissions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:40 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00038
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K28FE7.046
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 37-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1293 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00039
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.065
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/4 here EH2802703.001
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 38-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1294 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00040
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.065
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/5 here EH2802703.002
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 39-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1295 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00041
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.065
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/6 here EH2802703.003
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 40-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1296 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00042
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.065
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/7 here EH2802703.004
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 41-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1297 
February 28, 2020 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION 
LEASE—U.S. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS 
AFFAIRS, WASHINGTON, DC 
Resolved by the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-
resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. § 3307, 
appropriations are authorized for a lease of 
up to 217,000 rentable square feet of space, in-
cluding 1 official parking space, for the U.S. 
Department of Veterans Affairs currently lo-
cated in three leases at 1800 G Street NW in 
Washington, DC, at a proposed total annual 
cost of $10,850,000 for a lease term of up to 20 
years, a prospectus for which is attached to 
and included in this resolution. 
Approval of this prospectus constitutes au-
thority to execute an interim lease for all 
tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution 
of the new lease. 
Provided that, the Administrator of General 
Services and tenant agency(ies) agree to 
apply an overall utilization rate of 153 square 
feet or less per person, except that, if the Ad-
ministrator determines that the overall uti-
lization rate cannot be achieved, the Admin-
istrator shall provide an explanatory state-
ment to the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-
resentatives prior to exercising any lease au-
thority provided in this resolution. 
Provided that, except for interim leases as 
described above, the Administrator may not 
enter into any leases that are below pro-
spectus level for the purposes of meeting any 
of the requirements, or portions thereof, in-
cluded in the prospectus that would result in 
an overall utilization rate of 153 square feet 
or higher per person. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator shall include 
in the lease contract(s) a purchase option 
that can be exercised at the conclusion of 
the firm term of the lease. 
Provided further, that the General Services 
Administration shall not delegate to any 
other agency the authority granted by this 
resolution. 
Provided further, that the Administrator 
shall require that the delineated area of the 
procurement is identical to the delineated 
area included in the prospectus, except that, 
if the Administrator determines that the de-
lineated area of the procurement should not 
be identical to the delineated area included 
in the prospectus, the Administrator shall 
provide an explanatory statement to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure of the House of Representatives 
prior to exercising any lease authority pro-
vided in this resolution. 
Provided further, not later than 30 calendar 
days after the date on which a request from 
the Chairman or Ranking Member of the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure of the House of Representatives is 
received by the Administrator of General 
Services, the Administrator shall provide 
such Member a response in writing that pro-
vides any information requested regarding 
the project. 
Provided further, the Administrator of Gen-
eral Services may not enter into this lease if 
it does not contain a provision barring any 
individual holding a Federally-elected office, 
regardless of whether such individual took 
office before or after execution of this lease, 
to directly participate in, or benefit from or 
under this lease or any part thereof and that 
such provision provide that if this lease is 
found to have been made in violation of the 
foregoing prohibition or it is found that this 
prohibition has been violated during the 
term of the lease, the lease shall be void, ex-
cept that the foregoing limitation shall not 
apply if the lease is entered into with a pub-
licly-held corporation or publicly-held entity 
for the general benefit of such corporation or 
entity. 
Provided further, prior to entering into this 
lease or approving a novation agreement in-
volving a change of ownership under this 
lease, the Administrator of General Services 
shall require the offeror or the parties re-
questing the novation, as applicable, to iden-
tify and disclose whether the owner of the 
leased space, including an entity involved in 
the financing thereof, is a foreign person or 
a foreign-owned entity; provided further, in 
such an instance, the Administrator of Gen-
eral Services shall notify the occupant agen-
cy(ies) in writing, and consult with such oc-
cupant agency(ies) regarding security con-
cerns and necessary mitigation measures (if 
any) prior to award of the lease or approval 
of the novation agreement. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator of General 
Services shall require that the lease procure-
ment consider the availability of public 
transportation consistent with agency mis-
sion requirements and that the space to be 
leased be renovated for all cost effective im-
provements, including renewable energy up-
grades, water efficiency improvements, and 
indoor air quality optimization, that reduce 
greenhouse gas emissions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00043
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.066
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 42-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1298 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00044
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.066
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/10 here EH2802703.005
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 43-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1299 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00045
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.066
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/11 here EH2802703.006
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 44-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1300 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00046
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.066
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/12 here EH2802703.007
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 45-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1301 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00047
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.066
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/13 here EH2802703.008
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 46-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1302 
February 28, 2020 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION 
LEASE—U.S. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS 
AFFAIRS, DAYTONA BEACH, FL 
Resolved by the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-
resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. § 3307, 
appropriations are authorized for a lease of 
up to 106,826 net usable square feet of space, 
and 750 official parking spaces, for the De-
partment of Veterans Affairs to replace and 
consolidate two existing leases in Daytona 
Beach, FL, at a proposed unserviced annual 
cost of $4,111,733 for a lease term of up to 20 
years, a prospectus for which is attached to 
and included in this resolution. 
Approval of this prospectus constitutes au-
thority to execute an interim lease for all 
tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution 
of the new lease. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator shall include 
in the lease contract(s) a purchase option 
that can be exercised at the conclusion of 
the firm term of the lease. 
Provided further, that the Administrator 
shall require that the delineated area of the 
procurement is identical to the delineated 
area included in the prospectus, except that, 
if the Administrator determines that the de-
lineated area of the procurement should not 
be identical to the delineated area included 
in the prospectus, the Administrator shall 
provide an explanatory statement to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure of the House of Representatives 
prior to exercising any lease authority pro-
vided in this resolution. 
Provided further, not later than 30 calendar 
days after the date on which a request from 
the Chairman or Ranking Member of the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure of the House of Representatives is 
received by the Administrator of General 
Services, the Administrator shall provide 
such Member a response in writing that pro-
vides any information requested regarding 
the project. 
Provided further, the lease shall contain a 
provision barring any individual holding a 
Federally-elected office, regardless of wheth-
er such individual took office before or after 
execution of this lease, to directly partici-
pate in, or benefit from or under this lease or 
any part thereof and that such provision pro-
vide that if this lease is found to have been 
made in violation of the foregoing prohibi-
tion or it is found that this prohibition has 
been violated during the term of the lease, 
the lease shall be void, except that the fore-
going limitation shall not apply if the lease 
is entered into with a publicly-held corpora-
tion or publicly-held entity for the general 
benefit of such corporation or entity. 
Provided further, prior to entering into this 
lease or approving a novation agreement in-
volving a change of ownership under this 
lease, the Administrator of General Services 
shall require the offeror or the parties re-
questing the novation, as applicable, to iden-
tify and disclose whether the owner of the 
leased space, including an entity involved in 
the financing thereof, is a foreign person or 
a foreign-owned entity; provided further, in 
such an instance, the Administrator of Gen-
eral Services shall notify the occupant agen-
cy(ies) in writing, and consult with such oc-
cupant agency(ies) regarding security con-
cerns and necessary mitigation measures (if 
any) prior to award of the lease or approval 
of the novation agreement. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator of General 
Services shall require that the lease procure-
ment consider the availability of public 
transportation consistent with agency mis-
sion requirements and that the space to be 
leased be renovated for all cost effective im-
provements, including renewable energy up-
grades, water efficiency improvements, and 
indoor air quality optimization, that reduce 
greenhouse gas emissions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:40 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00048
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.067
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 47-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1303 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00049
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.067
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/16 here EH2802703.009
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 48-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1304 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00050
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.067
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/17 here EH2802703.010
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 49-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1305 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00051
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.067
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/18 here EH2802703.011
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 50-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1306 
February 28, 2020 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION 
LEASE—U.S. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS 
AFFAIRS, JACKSONVILLE, FL 
Resolved by the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-
resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. § 3307, 
appropriations are authorized for a lease of 
up to 164,054 net usable square feet of space, 
and 1,150 official parking spaces, for the De-
partment of Veterans Affairs currently lo-
cated in four leases in Jacksonville, FL, at a 
proposed unserviced annual cost of $5,139,812 
for a lease term of up to 20 years, a pro-
spectus for which is attached to and included 
in this resolution. 
Approval of this prospectus constitutes au-
thority to execute an interim lease for all 
tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution 
of the new lease. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator shall include 
in the lease contract(s) a purchase option 
that can be exercised at the conclusion of 
the firm term of the lease. 
Provided further, that the Administrator 
shall require that the delineated area of the 
procurement is identical to the delineated 
area included in the prospectus, except that, 
if the Administrator determines that the de-
lineated area of the procurement should not 
be identical to the delineated area included 
in the prospectus, the Administrator shall 
provide an explanatory statement to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure of the House of Representatives 
prior to exercising any lease authority pro-
vided in this resolution. 
Provided further, not later than 30 calendar 
days after the date on which a request from 
the Chairman or Ranking Member of the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure of the House of Representatives is 
received by the Administrator of General 
Services, the Administrator shall provide 
such Member a response in writing that pro-
vides any information requested regarding 
the project. 
Provided further, the lease shall contain a 
provision barring any individual holding a 
Federally-elected office, regardless of wheth-
er such individual took office before or after 
execution of this lease, to directly partici-
pate in, or benefit from or under this lease or 
any part thereof and that such provision pro-
vide that if this lease is found to have been 
made in violation of the foregoing prohibi-
tion or it is found that this prohibition has 
been violated during the term of the lease, 
the lease shall be void, except that the fore-
going limitation shall not apply if the lease 
is entered into with a publicly-held corpora-
tion or publicly-held entity for the general 
benefit of such corporation or entity. 
Provided further, prior to entering into this 
lease or approving a novation agreement in-
volving a change of ownership under this 
lease, the Administrator of General Services 
shall require the offeror or the parties re-
questing the novation, as applicable, to iden-
tify and disclose whether the owner of the 
leased space, including an entity involved in 
the financing thereof, is a foreign person or 
a foreign-owned entity; provided further, in 
such an instance, the Administrator of Gen-
eral Services shall notify the occupant agen-
cy(ies) in writing, and consult with such oc-
cupant agency(ies) regarding security con-
cerns and necessary mitigation measures (if 
any) prior to award of the lease or approval 
of the novation agreement. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator of General 
Services shall require that the lease procure-
ment consider the availability of public 
transportation consistent with agency mis-
sion requirements and that the space to be 
leased be renovated for all cost effective im-
provements, including renewable energy up-
grades, water efficiency improvements, and 
indoor air quality optimization, that reduce 
greenhouse gas emissions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:40 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00052
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.068
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 51-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1307 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00053
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.068
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/21 here EH2802703.012
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 52-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1308 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00054
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.068
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/22 here EH2802703.013
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 53-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1309 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00055
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.068
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/23 here EH2802703.014
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 54-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1310 
February 28, 2020 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION 
LEASE—U.S. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS 
AFFAIRS, RALEIGH, NC 
Resolved by the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-
resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. § 3307, 
appropriations are authorized for a lease of 
up to 185,271 net usable square feet of space, 
and 1,300 official parking spaces, for the De-
partment of Veterans Affairs currently lo-
cated in three leases in Raleigh, NC, at a 
proposed unserviced annual cost of $7,833,258 
for a lease term of up to 20 years, a pro-
spectus for which is attached to and included 
in this resolution. 
Approval of this prospectus constitutes au-
thority to execute an interim lease for all 
tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution 
of the new lease. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator shall include 
in the lease contract(s) a purchase option 
that can be exercised at the conclusion of 
the firm term of the lease. 
Provided further, that the Administrator 
shall require that the delineated area of the 
procurement is identical to the delineated 
area included in the prospectus, except that, 
if the Administrator determines that the de-
lineated area of the procurement should not 
be identical to the delineated area included 
in the prospectus, the Administrator shall 
provide an explanatory statement to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure of the House of Representatives 
prior to exercising any lease authority pro-
vided in this resolution. 
Provided further, not later than 30 calendar 
days after the date on which a request from 
the Chairman or Ranking Member of the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure of the House of Representatives is 
received by the Administrator of General 
Services, the Administrator shall provide 
such Member a response in writing that pro-
vides any information requested regarding 
the project. 
Provided further, the lease shall contain a 
provision barring any individual holding a 
Federally-elected office, regardless of wheth-
er such individual took office before or after 
execution of this lease, to directly partici-
pate in, or benefit from or under this lease or 
any part thereof and that such provision pro-
vide that if this lease is found to have been 
made in violation of the foregoing prohibi-
tion or it is found that this prohibition has 
been violated during the term of the lease, 
the lease shall be void, except that the fore-
going limitation shall not apply if the lease 
is entered into with a publicly-held corpora-
tion or publicly-held entity for the general 
benefit of such corporation or entity. 
Provided further, prior to entering into this 
lease or approving a novation agreement in-
volving a change of ownership under this 
lease, the Administrator of General Services 
shall require the offeror or the parties re-
questing the novation, as applicable, to iden-
tify and disclose whether the owner of the 
leased space, including an entity involved in 
the financing thereof, is a foreign person or 
a foreign-owned entity; provided further, in 
such an instance, the Administrator of Gen-
eral Services shall notify the occupant agen-
cy(ies) in writing, and consult with such oc-
cupant agency(ies) regarding security con-
cerns and necessary mitigation measures (if 
any) prior to award of the lease or approval 
of the novation agreement. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator of General 
Services shall require that the lease procure-
ment consider the availability of public 
transportation consistent with agency mis-
sion requirements and that the space to be 
leased be renovated for all cost effective im-
provements, including renewable energy up-
grades, water efficiency improvements, and 
indoor air quality optimization, that reduce 
greenhouse gas emissions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00056
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.069
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 55-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1311 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00057
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.069
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/26 here EH2802703.015
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 56-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1312 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00058
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.069
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/27 here EH2802703.016
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 57-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1313 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00059
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.069
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/28 here EH2802703.017
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 58-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1314 
February 28, 2020 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION 
LEASE—UNITED STATES SECRET SERVICE, 
BROOKLYN, NY 
Resolved by the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-
resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. § 3307, 
appropriations are authorized for a lease of 
up to 94,000 rentable square feet of space for 
the 
Department 
of 
Homeland 
Security, 
United States Secret Service currently lo-
cated in two leases at 335 Adams Street in 
Brooklyn, NY, at a proposed total annual 
cost of $6,110,000 for a lease term of up to 20 
years, a prospectus for which is attached to 
and included in this resolution. 
Approval of this prospectus constitutes au-
thority to execute an interim lease for all 
tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution 
of the new lease. 
Provided that, the Administrator of General 
Services and tenant agency(ies) agree to 
apply an overall utilization rate of 207 square 
feet or less per person, except that, if the Ad-
ministrator determines that the overall uti-
lization rate cannot be achieved, the Admin-
istrator shall provide an explanatory state-
ment to the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-
resentatives prior to exercising any lease au-
thority provided in this resolution. 
Provided that, except for interim leases as 
described above, the Administrator may not 
enter into any leases that are below pro-
spectus level for the purposes of meeting any 
of the requirements, or portions thereof, in-
cluded in the prospectus that would result in 
an overall utilization rate of 207 square feet 
or higher per person. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator shall include 
in the lease contract(s) a purchase option 
that can be exercised at the conclusion of 
the firm term of the lease. 
Provided further, that the General Services 
Administration shall not delegate to any 
other agency the authority granted by this 
resolution. 
Provided further, that the Administrator 
shall require that the delineated area of the 
procurement is identical to the delineated 
area included in the prospectus, except that, 
if the Administrator determines that the de-
lineated area of the procurement should not 
be identical to the delineated area included 
in the prospectus, the Administrator shall 
provide an explanatory statement to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure of the House of Representatives 
prior to exercising any lease authority pro-
vided in this resolution. 
Provided further, not later than 30 calendar 
days after the date on which a request from 
the Chairman or Ranking Member of the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure of the House of Representatives is 
received by the Administrator of General 
Services, the Administrator shall provide 
such Member a response in writing that pro-
vides any information requested regarding 
the project. 
Provided further, the Administrator of Gen-
eral Services may not enter into this lease if 
it does not contain a provision barring any 
individual holding a Federally-elected office, 
regardless of whether such individual took 
office before or after execution of this lease, 
to directly participate in, or benefit from or 
under this lease or any part thereof and that 
such provision provide that if this lease is 
found to have been made in violation of the 
foregoing prohibition or it is found that this 
prohibition has been violated during the 
term of the lease, the lease shall be void, ex-
cept that the foregoing limitation shall not 
apply if the lease is entered into with a pub-
licly-held corporation or publicly-held entity 
for the general benefit of such corporation or 
entity. 
Provided further, prior to entering into this 
lease or approving a novation agreement in-
volving a change of ownership under this 
lease, the Administrator of General Services 
shall require the offeror or the parties re-
questing the novation, as applicable, to iden-
tify and disclose whether the owner of the 
leased space, including an entity involved in 
the financing thereof, is a foreign person or 
a foreign-owned entity; provided further, in 
such an instance, the Administrator of Gen-
eral Services shall notify the occupant agen-
cy(ies) in writing, and consult with such oc-
cupant agency(ies) regarding security con-
cerns and necessary mitigation measures (if 
any) prior to award of the lease or approval 
of the novation agreement. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator of General 
Services shall require that the lease procure-
ment consider the availability of public 
transportation consistent with agency mis-
sion requirements and that the space to be 
leased be renovated for all cost effective im-
provements, including renewable energy up-
grades, water efficiency improvements, and 
indoor air quality optimization, that reduce 
greenhouse gas emissions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00060
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.050
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 59-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1315 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00061
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.050
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/31 here EH2802703.018
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 60-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1316 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00062
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.050
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/32 here EH2802703.019
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 61-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1317 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00063
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.050
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/33 here EH2802703.020
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 62-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1318 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00064
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.050
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/34 here EH2802703.021
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 63-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1319 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00065
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.050
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/35 here EH2802703.022
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 64-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1320 
February 28, 2020 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION 
LEASE—SOCIAL SECURITY ADMINISTRATION, 
ALBUQUERQUE, NM 
Resolved by the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-
resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. § 3307, 
appropriations are authorized for a lease of 
up to 168,000 rentable square feet of space, in-
cluding 689 official parking spaces, for the 
Social Security Administration currently lo-
cated at 500 Lead Avenue and 410 Lead Ave-
nue in Albuquerque, NM, at a proposed total 
annual cost of $4,704,000 for a lease term of 
up to 20 years, a prospectus for which is at-
tached to and included in this resolution. 
Approval of this prospectus constitutes au-
thority to execute an interim lease for all 
tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution 
of the new lease. 
Provided that, the Administrator of General 
Services and tenant agency(ies) agree to 
apply an overall utilization rate of 187 square 
feet or less per person, except that, if the Ad-
ministrator determines that the overall uti-
lization rate cannot be achieved, the Admin-
istrator shall provide an explanatory state-
ment to the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-
resentatives prior to exercising any lease au-
thority provided in this resolution. 
Provided that, except for interim leases as 
described above, the Administrator may not 
enter into any leases that are below pro-
spectus level for the purposes of meeting any 
of the requirements, or portions thereof, in-
cluded in the prospectus that would result in 
an overall utilization rate of 187 square feet 
or higher per person. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator shall include 
in the lease contract(s) a purchase option 
that can be exercised at the conclusion of 
the firm term of the lease. 
Provided further, that the General Services 
Administration shall not delegate to any 
other agency the authority granted by this 
resolution. 
Provided further, that the Administrator 
shall require that the delineated area of the 
procurement is identical to the delineated 
area included in the prospectus, except that, 
if the Administrator determines that the de-
lineated area of the procurement should not 
be identical to the delineated area included 
in the prospectus, the Administrator shall 
provide an explanatory statement to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure of the House of Representatives 
prior to exercising any lease authority pro-
vided in this resolution. 
Provided further, not later than 30 calendar 
days after the date on which a request from 
the Chairman or Ranking Member of the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure of the House of Representatives is 
received by the Administrator of General 
Services, the Administrator shall provide 
such Member a response in writing that pro-
vides any information requested regarding 
the project. 
Provided further, the Administrator of Gen-
eral Services may not enter into this lease if 
it does not contain a provision barring any 
individual holding a Federally-elected office, 
regardless of whether such individual took 
office before or after execution of this lease, 
to directly participate in, or benefit from or 
under this lease or any part thereof and that 
such provision provide that if this lease is 
found to have been made in violation of the 
foregoing prohibition or it is found that this 
prohibition has been violated during the 
term of the lease, the lease shall be void, ex-
cept that the foregoing limitation shall not 
apply if the lease is entered into with a pub-
licly-held corporation or publicly-held entity 
for the general benefit of such corporation or 
entity. 
Provided further, prior to entering into this 
lease or approving a novation agreement in-
volving a change of ownership under this 
lease, the Administrator of General Services 
shall require the offeror or the parties re-
questing the novation, as applicable, to iden-
tify and disclose whether the owner of the 
leased space, including an entity involved in 
the financing thereof, is a foreign person or 
a foreign-owned entity; provided further, in 
such an instance, the Administrator of Gen-
eral Services shall notify the occupant agen-
cy(ies) in writing, and consult with such oc-
cupant agency(ies) regarding security con-
cerns and necessary mitigation measures (if 
any) prior to award of the lease or approval 
of the novation agreement. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator of General 
Services shall require that the lease procure-
ment consider the availability of public 
transportation consistent with agency mis-
sion requirements and that the space to be 
leased be renovated for all cost effective im-
provements, including renewable energy up-
grades, water efficiency improvements, and 
indoor air quality optimization, that reduce 
greenhouse gas emissions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:40 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00066
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.051
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 65-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1321 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00067
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.051
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/38 here EH2802703.023
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 66-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1322 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00068
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.051
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/39 here EH2802703.024
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 67-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1323 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00069
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.051
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/40 here EH2802703.025
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 68-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1324 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00070
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.051
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/41 here EH2802703.026
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 69-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1325 
February 28, 2020 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION 
LEASE—U.S. DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION, NEW 
YORK, NY 
Resolved by the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-
resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. § 3307, 
appropriations are authorized for a lease of 
up to 65,796 rentable square feet of space, in-
cluding 7 official parking spaces, for the De-
partment of Education currently located at 
32 Old Slip in New York, NY, at a proposed 
total annual cost of $4,342,536 for a lease 
term of up to 5 years, a prospectus for which 
is attached to and included in this resolu-
tion. 
Approval of this prospectus constitutes au-
thority to execute an interim lease for all 
tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution 
of the new lease. 
Provided that, the Administrator of General 
Services and tenant agency(ies) agree to 
apply an overall utilization rate of 391 square 
feet or less per person, except that, if the Ad-
ministrator determines that the overall uti-
lization rate cannot be achieved, the Admin-
istrator shall provide an explanatory state-
ment to the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-
resentatives prior to exercising any lease au-
thority provided in this resolution. 
Provided that, except for interim leases as 
described above, the Administrator may not 
enter into any leases that are below pro-
spectus level for the purposes of meeting any 
of the requirements, or portions thereof, in-
cluded in the prospectus that would result in 
an overall utilization rate of 391 square feet 
or higher per person. 
Provided further, that the General Services 
Administration shall not delegate to any 
other agency the authority granted by this 
resolution. 
Provided further, that the Administrator 
shall require that the delineated area of the 
procurement is identical to the delineated 
area included in the prospectus, except that, 
if the Administrator determines that the de-
lineated area of the procurement should not 
be identical to the delineated area included 
in the prospectus, the Administrator shall 
provide an explanatory statement to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure of the House of Representatives 
prior to exercising any lease authority pro-
vided in this resolution. 
Provided further, not later than 30 calendar 
days after the date on which a request from 
the Chairman or Ranking Member of the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure of the House of Representatives is 
received by the Administrator of General 
Services, the Administrator shall provide 
such Member a response in writing that pro-
vides any information requested regarding 
the project. 
Provided further, the Administrator of Gen-
eral Services may not enter into this lease if 
it does not contain a provision barring any 
individual holding a Federally-elected office, 
regardless of whether such individual took 
office before or after execution of this lease, 
to directly participate in, or benefit from or 
under this lease or any part thereof and that 
such provision provide that if this lease is 
found to have been made in violation of the 
foregoing prohibition or it is found that this 
prohibition has been violated during the 
term of the lease, the lease shall be void, ex-
cept that the foregoing limitation shall not 
apply if the lease is entered into with a pub-
licly-held corporation or publicly-held entity 
for the general benefit of such corporation or 
entity. 
Provided further, prior to entering into this 
lease or approving a novation agreement in-
volving a change of ownership under this 
lease, the Administrator of General Services 
shall require the offeror or the parties re-
questing the novation, as applicable, to iden-
tify and disclose whether the owner of the 
leased space, including an entity involved in 
the financing thereof, is a foreign person or 
a foreign-owned entity; provided further, in 
such an instance, the Administrator of Gen-
eral Services shall notify the occupant agen-
cy(ies) in writing, and consult with such oc-
cupant agency(ies) regarding security con-
cerns and necessary mitigation measures (if 
any) prior to award of the lease or approval 
of the novation agreement. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator of General 
Services shall require that the lease procure-
ment consider the availability of public 
transportation consistent with agency mis-
sion requirements and that the space to be 
leased be renovated for all cost effective im-
provements, including renewable energy up-
grades, water efficiency improvements, and 
indoor air quality optimization, that reduce 
greenhouse gas emissions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:40 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00071
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.052
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 70-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1326 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00072
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.052
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/44 here EH2802703.027
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 71-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1327 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00073
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.052
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/45 here EH2802703.028
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 72-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1328 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00074
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.052
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/46 here EH2802703.029
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 73-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1329 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00075
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.052
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/47 here EH2802703.030
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 74-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1330 
February 28, 2020 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION 
LEASE—DEPARTMENT
OF
VETERANS
AFFAIRS 
VETERANS
BENEFITS
ADMINISTRATION, SAN 
DIEGO, CA 
Resolved by the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-
resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. § 3307, 
appropriations are authorized for a lease of 
up to 164,000 rentable square feet of space, in-
cluding 100 official parking spaces, for the 
Department of Veterans Affairs, Veterans 
Benefits Administration currently located at 
8808, 8810, 8880, and 8898 Rio San Diego Drive 
and 5715 Kearny Villa Road in San Diego, CA, 
at a proposed total annual cost of $7,052,000 
for a lease term of up to 20 years, a pro-
spectus for which is attached to and included 
in this resolution. 
Approval of this prospectus constitutes au-
thority to execute an interim lease for all 
tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution 
of the new lease. 
Provided that, the Administrator of General 
Services and tenant agency(ies) agree to 
apply an overall utilization rate of 175 square 
feet or less per person, except that, if the Ad-
ministrator determines that the overall uti-
lization rate cannot be achieved, the Admin-
istrator shall provide an explanatory state-
ment to the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-
resentatives prior to exercising any lease au-
thority provided in this resolution. 
Provided that, except for interim leases as 
described above, the Administrator may not 
enter into any leases that are below pro-
spectus level for the purposes of meeting any 
of the requirements, or portions thereof, in-
cluded in the prospectus that would result in 
an overall utilization rate of 175 square feet 
or higher per person. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator shall include 
in the lease contract(s) a purchase option 
that can be exercised at the conclusion of 
the firm term of the lease. 
Provided further, that the General Services 
Administration shall not delegate to any 
other agency the authority granted by this 
resolution. 
Provided further, that the Administrator 
shall require that the delineated area of the 
procurement is identical to the delineated 
area included in the prospectus, except that, 
if the Administrator determines that the de-
lineated area of the procurement should not 
be identical to the delineated area included 
in the prospectus, the Administrator shall 
provide an explanatory statement to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure of the House of Representatives 
prior to exercising any lease authority pro-
vided in this resolution. 
Provided further, not later than 30 calendar 
days after the date on which a request from 
the Chairman or Ranking Member of the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure of the House of Representatives is 
received by the Administrator of General 
Services, the Administrator shall provide 
such Member a response in writing that pro-
vides any information requested regarding 
the project. 
Provided further, the Administrator of Gen-
eral Services may not enter into this lease if 
it does not contain a provision barring any 
individual holding a Federally-elected office, 
regardless of whether such individual took 
office before or after execution of this lease, 
to directly participate in, or benefit from or 
under this lease or any part thereof and that 
such provision provide that if this lease is 
found to have been made in violation of the 
foregoing prohibition or it is found that this 
prohibition has been violated during the 
term of the lease, the lease shall be void, ex-
cept that the foregoing limitation shall not 
apply if the lease is entered into with a pub-
licly-held corporation or publicly-held entity 
for the general benefit of such corporation or 
entity. 
Provided further, prior to entering into this 
lease or approving a novation agreement in-
volving a change of ownership under this 
lease, the Administrator of General Services 
shall require the offeror or the parties re-
questing the novation, as applicable, to iden-
tify and disclose whether the owner of the 
leased space, including an entity involved in 
the financing thereof, is a foreign person or 
a foreign-owned entity; provided further, in 
such an instance, the Administrator of Gen-
eral Services shall notify the occupant agen-
cy(ies) in writing, and consult with such oc-
cupant agency(ies) regarding security con-
cerns and necessary mitigation measures (if 
any) prior to award of the lease or approval 
of the novation agreement. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator of General 
Services shall require that the lease procure-
ment consider the availability of public 
transportation consistent with agency mis-
sion requirements and that the space to be 
leased be renovated for all cost effective im-
provements, including renewable energy up-
grades, water efficiency improvements, and 
indoor air quality optimization, that reduce 
greenhouse gas emissions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:40 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00076
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.053
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 75-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1331 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00077
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.053
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/50 here EH2802703.031
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 76-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1332 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00078
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.053
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/51 here EH2802703.032
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 77-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1333 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00079
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.053
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/52 here EH2802703.033
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 78-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1334 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00080
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.053
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/53 here EH2802703.034
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 79-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1335 
February 28, 2020 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION 
LEASE—DEPARTMENT
OF
HEALTH
AND
HUMAN 
SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE, AND 
FEDERAL HOUSING FINANCE AGENCY, CHICAGO, 
IL 
Resolved by the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-
resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. § 3307, 
appropriations are authorized for a lease of 
up to 184,042 rentable square feet of space, in-
cluding 32 official parking spaces, for the De-
partment of Health and Human Services, the 
Department 
Of 
Commerce—International 
Trade Administration, and the Federal Hous-
ing Finance Agency currently located at 233 
N. Michigan Avenue in Chicago, IL, at a pro-
posed total annual cost of $7,166,595 for a 
lease term of up to 3 years, a prospectus for 
which is attached to and included in this res-
olution. 
Approval of this prospectus constitutes au-
thority to execute an interim lease for all 
tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution 
of the new lease. 
Provided that, the Administrator of General 
Services and tenant agency(ies) agree to 
apply an overall utilization rate of 328 square 
feet or less per person, except that, if the Ad-
ministrator determines that the overall uti-
lization rate cannot be achieved, the Admin-
istrator shall provide an explanatory state-
ment to the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-
resentatives prior to exercising any lease au-
thority provided in this resolution. 
Provided that, except for interim leases as 
described above, the Administrator may not 
enter into any leases that are below pro-
spectus level for the purposes of meeting any 
of the requirements, or portions thereof, in-
cluded in the prospectus that would result in 
an overall utilization rate of 328 square feet 
or higher per person. 
Provided further, that the General Services 
Administration shall not delegate to any 
other agency the authority granted by this 
resolution. 
Provided further, that the Administrator 
shall require that the delineated area of the 
procurement is identical to the delineated 
area included in the prospectus, except that, 
if the Administrator determines that the de-
lineated area of the procurement should not 
be identical to the delineated area included 
in the prospectus, the Administrator shall 
provide an explanatory statement to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure of the House of Representatives 
prior to exercising any lease authority pro-
vided in this resolution. 
Provided further, not later than 30 calendar 
days after the date on which a request from 
the Chairman or Ranking Member of the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure of the House of Representatives is 
received by the Administrator of General 
Services, the Administrator shall provide 
such Member a response in writing that pro-
vides any information requested regarding 
the project. 
Provided further, the Administrator of Gen-
eral Services may not enter into this lease if 
it does not contain a provision barring any 
individual holding a Federally-elected office, 
regardless of whether such individual took 
office before or after execution of this lease, 
to directly participate in, or benefit from or 
under this lease or any part thereof and that 
such provision provide that if this lease is 
found to have been made in violation of the 
foregoing prohibition or it is found that this 
prohibition has been violated during the 
term of the lease, the lease shall be void, ex-
cept that the foregoing limitation shall not 
apply if the lease is entered into with a pub-
licly-held corporation or publicly-held entity 
for the general benefit of such corporation or 
entity. 
Provided further, prior to entering into this 
lease or approving a novation agreement in-
volving a change of ownership under this 
lease, the Administrator of General Services 
shall require the offeror or the parties re-
questing the novation, as applicable, to iden-
tify and disclose whether the owner of the 
leased space, including an entity involved in 
the financing thereof, is a foreign person or 
a foreign-owned entity; provided further, in 
such an instance, the Administrator of Gen-
eral Services shall notify the occupant agen-
cy(ies) in writing, and consult with such oc-
cupant agency(ies) regarding security con-
cerns and necessary mitigation measures (if 
any) prior to award of the lease or approval 
of the novation agreement. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator of General 
Services shall require that the lease procure-
ment consider the availability of public 
transportation consistent with agency mis-
sion requirements and that the space to be 
leased be renovated for all cost effective im-
provements, including renewable energy up-
grades, water efficiency improvements, and 
indoor air quality optimization, that reduce 
greenhouse gas emissions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:40 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00081
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.054
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 80-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1336 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00082
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.054
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/56 here EH2802703.035
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 81-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1337 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00083
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.054
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/57 here EH2802703.036
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 82-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1338 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00084
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.054
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/58 here EH2802703.037
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 83-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1339 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00085
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.054
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/59 here EH2802703.038
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 84-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1340 
February 28, 2020 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION 
LEASE—DEPARTMENT
OF
TRANSPORTATION, 
FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION, CHICAGO 
O’HARE AREA, IL 
Resolved by the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-
resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. § 3307, 
appropriations are authorized for a lease of 
up to 122,000 rentable square feet of space, in-
cluding 679 official parking spaces, for the 
Department of Transportation, Federal Avia-
tion Administration currently located at 
2300 E. Devon Avenue in Des Plaines, IL, at 
a proposed total annual cost of $4,593,300 for 
a lease term of up to 20 years, a prospectus 
for which is attached to and included in this 
resolution. 
Approval of this prospectus constitutes au-
thority to execute an interim lease for all 
tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution 
of the new lease. 
Provided that, the Administrator of General 
Services and tenant agency(ies) agree to 
apply an overall utilization rate of 170 square 
feet or less per person, except that, if the Ad-
ministrator determines that the overall uti-
lization rate cannot be achieved, the Admin-
istrator shall provide an explanatory state-
ment to the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-
resentatives prior to exercising any lease au-
thority provided in this resolution. 
Provided that, except for interim leases as 
described above, the Administrator may not 
enter into any leases that are below pro-
spectus level for the purposes of meeting any 
of the requirements, or portions thereof, in-
cluded in the prospectus that would result in 
an overall utilization rate of 170 square feet 
or higher per person. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator shall include 
in the lease contract(s) a purchase option 
that can be exercised at the conclusion of 
the firm term of the lease. 
Provided further, that the General Services 
Administration shall not delegate to any 
other agency the authority granted by this 
resolution. 
Provided further, that the Administrator 
shall require that the delineated area of the 
procurement is identical to the delineated 
area included in the prospectus, except that, 
if the Administrator determines that the de-
lineated area of the procurement should not 
be identical to the delineated area included 
in the prospectus, the Administrator shall 
provide an explanatory statement to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure of the House of Representatives 
prior to exercising any lease authority pro-
vided in this resolution. 
Provided further, not later than 30 calendar 
days after the date on which a request from 
the Chairman or Ranking Member of the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure of the House of Representatives is 
received by the Administrator of General 
Services, the Administrator shall provide 
such Member a response in writing that pro-
vides any information requested regarding 
the project. 
Provided further, the Administrator of Gen-
eral Services may not enter into this lease if 
it does not contain a provision barring any 
individual holding a Federally-elected office, 
regardless of whether such individual took 
office before or after execution of this lease, 
to directly participate in, or benefit from or 
under this lease or any part thereof and that 
such provision provide that if this lease is 
found to have been made in violation of the 
foregoing prohibition or it is found that this 
prohibition has been violated during the 
term of the lease, the lease shall be void, ex-
cept that the foregoing limitation shall not 
apply if the lease is entered into with a pub-
licly-held corporation or publicly-held entity 
for the general benefit of such corporation or 
entity. 
Provided further, prior to entering into this 
lease or approving a novation agreement in-
volving a change of ownership under this 
lease, the Administrator of General Services 
shall require the offeror or the parties re-
questing the novation, as applicable, to iden-
tify and disclose whether the owner of the 
leased space, including an entity involved in 
the financing thereof, is a foreign person or 
a foreign-owned entity; provided further, in 
such an instance, the Administrator of Gen-
eral Services shall notify the occupant agen-
cy(ies) in writing, and consult with such oc-
cupant agency(ies) regarding security con-
cerns and necessary mitigation measures (if 
any) prior to award of the lease or approval 
of the novation agreement. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator of General 
Services shall require that the lease procure-
ment consider the availability of public 
transportation consistent with agency mis-
sion requirements and that the space to be 
leased be renovated for all cost effective im-
provements, including renewable energy up-
grades, water efficiency improvements, and 
indoor air quality optimization, that reduce 
greenhouse gas emissions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00086
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.055
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 85-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1341 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00087
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.055
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/62 here EH2802703.039
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 86-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1342 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00088
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.055
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/63 here EH2802703.040
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 87-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1343 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00089
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.055
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/64 here EH2802703.041
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 88-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1344 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00090
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.055
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/65 here EH2802703.042
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 89-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1345 
February 28, 2020 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION 
LEASE—BUREAU OF ENGRAVING AND PRINTING, 
LANDOVER, MD 
Resolved by the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-
resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. § 3307, 
appropriations are authorized for a lease of 
up to 265,000 rentable square feet of space, in-
cluding 8 official parking spaces, for the De-
partment of Treasury, Bureau of Engraving 
and Printing currently located at 3201 
Pennsy Drive in Landover, MD, at a proposed 
total annual cost of $4,505,000 for a lease 
term of up to 10 years, a prospectus for which 
is attached to and included in this resolu-
tion. 
Approval of this prospectus constitutes au-
thority to execute an interim lease for all 
tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution 
of the new lease. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator shall include 
in the lease contract(s) a purchase option 
that can be exercised at the conclusion of 
the firm term of the lease. 
Provided further, that the General Services 
Administration shall not delegate to any 
other agency the authority granted by this 
resolution. 
Provided further, that the Administrator 
shall require that the delineated area of the 
procurement is identical to the delineated 
area included in the prospectus, except that, 
if the Administrator determines that the de-
lineated area of the procurement should not 
be identical to the delineated area included 
in the prospectus, the Administrator shall 
provide an explanatory statement to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure of the House of Representatives 
prior to exercising any lease authority pro-
vided in this resolution. 
Provided further, not later than 30 calendar 
days after the date on which a request from 
the Chairman or Ranking Member of the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure of the House of Representatives is 
received by the Administrator of General 
Services, the Administrator shall provide 
such Member a response in writing that pro-
vides any information requested regarding 
the project. 
Provided further, the Administrator of Gen-
eral Services may not enter into this lease if 
it does not contain a provision barring any 
individual holding a Federally-elected office, 
regardless of whether such individual took 
office before or after execution of this lease, 
to directly participate in, or benefit from or 
under this lease or any part thereof and that 
such provision provide that if this lease is 
found to have been made in violation of the 
foregoing prohibition or it is found that this 
prohibition has been violated during the 
term of the lease, the lease shall be void, ex-
cept that the foregoing limitation shall not 
apply if the lease is entered into with a pub-
licly-held corporation or publicly-held entity 
for the general benefit of such corporation or 
entity. 
Provided further, prior to entering into this 
lease or approving a novation agreement in-
volving a change of ownership under this 
lease, the Administrator of General Services 
shall require the offeror or the parties re-
questing the novation, as applicable, to iden-
tify and disclose whether the owner of the 
leased space, including an entity involved in 
the financing thereof, is a foreign person or 
a foreign-owned entity; provided further, in 
such an instance, the Administrator of Gen-
eral Services shall notify the occupant agen-
cy(ies) in writing, and consult with such oc-
cupant agency(ies) regarding security con-
cerns and necessary mitigation measures (if 
any) prior to award of the lease or approval 
of the novation agreement. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator of General 
Services shall require that the lease procure-
ment consider the availability of public 
transportation consistent with agency mis-
sion requirements and that the space to be 
leased be renovated for all cost effective im-
provements, including renewable energy up-
grades, water efficiency improvements, and 
indoor air quality optimization, that reduce 
greenhouse gas emissions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:40 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00091
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.056
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 90-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1346 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00092
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.056
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/68 here EH2802703.043
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 91-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1347 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00093
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.056
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/69 here EH2802703.044
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 92-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1348 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00094
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.056
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/70 here EH2802703.045
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 93-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1349 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00095
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.056
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/71 here EH2802703.046
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 94-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1350 
February 28, 2020 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION 
LEASE—VETERANS HEALTH ADMINISTRATION, 
TAMPA, FL 
Resolved by the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-
resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. § 3307, 
appropriations are authorized for a lease of 
up to 158,000 rentable square feet of space, in-
cluding 800 official parking spaces, for the 
Veterans Health Administration currently 
located in three separate locations—10770 
North 46th Street, 14517 Bruce B. Downs 
Blvd, and 4700 N. Habana Street in Tampa, 
FL, to replace and consolidate the existing 
leases in Tampa at a proposed total annual 
cost of $6,794,000 for a lease term of up to 20 
years, a prospectus for which is attached to 
and included in this resolution. 
Approval of this prospectus constitutes au-
thority to execute an interim lease for all 
tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution 
of the new lease. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator shall include 
in the lease contract(s) a purchase option 
that can be exercised at the conclusion of 
the firm term of the lease. 
Provided further, that the Administrator 
shall require that the delineated area of the 
procurement is identical to the delineated 
area included in the prospectus, except that, 
if the Administrator determines that the de-
lineated area of the procurement should not 
be identical to the delineated area included 
in the prospectus, the Administrator shall 
provide an explanatory statement to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure of the House of Representatives 
prior to exercising any lease authority pro-
vided in this resolution. 
Provided further, not later than 30 calendar 
days after the date on which a request from 
the Chairman or Ranking Member of the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure of the House of Representatives is 
received by the Administrator of General 
Services, the Administrator shall provide 
such Member a response in writing that pro-
vides any information requested regarding 
the project. 
Provided further, the Administrator of Gen-
eral Services may not enter into this lease if 
it does not contain a provision barring any 
individual holding a Federally-elected office, 
regardless of whether such individual took 
office before or after execution of this lease, 
to directly participate in, or benefit from or 
under this lease or any part thereof and that 
such provision provide that if this lease is 
found to have been made in violation of the 
foregoing prohibition or it is found that this 
prohibition has been violated during the 
term of the lease, the lease shall be void, ex-
cept that the foregoing limitation shall not 
apply if the lease is entered into with a pub-
licly-held corporation or publicly-held entity 
for the general benefit of such corporation or 
entity. 
Provided further, prior to entering into this 
lease or approving a novation agreement in-
volving a change of ownership under this 
lease, the Administrator of General Services 
shall require the offeror or the parties re-
questing the novation, as applicable, to iden-
tify and disclose whether the owner of the 
leased space, including an entity involved in 
the financing thereof, is a foreign person or 
a foreign-owned entity; provided further, in 
such an instance, the Administrator of Gen-
eral Services shall notify the occupant agen-
cy(ies) in writing, and consult with such oc-
cupant agency(ies) regarding security con-
cerns and necessary mitigation measures (if 
any) prior to award of the lease or approval 
of the novation agreement. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator of General 
Services shall require that the lease procure-
ment consider the availability of public 
transportation consistent with agency mis-
sion requirements and that the space to be 
leased be renovated for all cost effective im-
provements, including renewable energy up-
grades, water efficiency improvements, and 
indoor air quality optimization, that reduce 
greenhouse gas emissions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:40 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00096
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.057
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 95-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1351 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00097
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.057
H28FEPT1
Insert graphic folio 703/74 EH2802703.047
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 96-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1352 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00098
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.057
H28FEPT1
Insert graphic folio 703/75 EH2802703.048
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 97-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1353 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00099
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.057
H28FEPT1
Insert graphic folio 703/76 EH2802703.049
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 98-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1354 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00100
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.057
H28FEPT1
Insert graphic folio 703/77 EH2802703.050
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 99-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1355 
February 28, 2020 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION 
LEASE—ARCHITECT OF THE CAPITOL, 
WASHINGTON, DC 
Resolved by the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-
resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. § 3307, 
appropriations are authorized for a lease of 
up to 121,000 rentable square feet of space for 
the Architect of the Capitol located at 2 
Massachusetts Avenue NE in Washington, 
DC, at a proposed total annual cost of 
$6,050,000 for a lease term of up to 20 years, 
a prospectus for which is attached to and in-
cluded in this resolution. 
Approval of this prospectus constitutes au-
thority to execute an interim lease for all 
tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution 
of the new lease. 
Provided that, the Administrator of General 
Services and tenant agency(ies) agree to 
apply an overall utilization rate of 244 square 
feet or less per person, except that, if the Ad-
ministrator determines that the overall uti-
lization rate cannot be achieved, the Admin-
istrator shall provide an explanatory state-
ment to the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-
resentatives prior to exercising any lease au-
thority provided in this resolution. 
Provided that, except for interim leases as 
described above, the Administrator may not 
enter into any leases that are below pro-
spectus level for the purposes of meeting any 
of the requirements, or portions thereof, in-
cluded in the prospectus that would result in 
an overall utilization rate of 244 square feet 
or higher per person. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator shall include 
in the lease contract(s) a purchase option 
that can be exercised at the conclusion of 
the firm term of the lease. 
Provided further, that the General Services 
Administration shall not delegate to any 
other agency the authority granted by this 
resolution. 
Provided further, that the Administrator 
shall require that the delineated area of the 
procurement is identical to the delineated 
area included in the prospectus, except that, 
if the Administrator determines that the de-
lineated area of the procurement should not 
be identical to the delineated area included 
in the prospectus, the Administrator shall 
provide an explanatory statement to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure of the House of Representatives 
prior to exercising any lease authority pro-
vided in this resolution. 
Provided further, not later than 30 calendar 
days after the date on which a request from 
the Chairman or Ranking Member of the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure of the House of Representatives is 
received by the Administrator of General 
Services, the Administrator shall provide 
such Member a response in writing that pro-
vides any information requested regarding 
the project. 
Provided further, the Administrator of Gen-
eral Services may not enter into this lease if 
it does not contain a provision barring any 
individual holding a Federally-elected office, 
regardless of whether such individual took 
office before or after execution of this lease, 
to directly participate in, or benefit from or 
under this lease or any part thereof and that 
such provision provide that if this lease is 
found to have been made in violation of the 
foregoing prohibition or it is found that this 
prohibition has been violated during the 
term of the lease, the lease shall be void, ex-
cept that the foregoing limitation shall not 
apply if the lease is entered into with a pub-
licly-held corporation or publicly-held entity 
for the general benefit of such corporation or 
entity. 
Provided further, prior to entering into this 
lease or approving a novation agreement in-
volving a change of ownership under this 
lease, the Administrator of General Services 
shall require the offeror or the parties re-
questing the novation, as applicable, to iden-
tify and disclose whether the owner of the 
leased space, including an entity involved in 
the financing thereof, is a foreign person or 
a foreign-owned entity; provided further, in 
such an instance, the Administrator of Gen-
eral Services shall notify the occupant agen-
cy(ies) in writing, and consult with such oc-
cupant agency(ies) regarding security con-
cerns and necessary mitigation measures (if 
any) prior to award of the lease or approval 
of the novation agreement. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator of General 
Services shall require that the lease procure-
ment consider the availability of public 
transportation consistent with agency mis-
sion requirements and that the space to be 
leased be renovated for all cost effective im-
provements, including renewable energy up-
grades, water efficiency improvements, and 
indoor air quality optimization, that reduce 
greenhouse gas emissions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00101
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.058
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 100-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1356 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00102
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.058
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/80 here EH2802703.051
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 101-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1357 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00103
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.058
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/81 here EH2802703.052
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 102-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1358 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00104
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.058
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/82 here EH2802703.053
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 103-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1359 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00105
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.058
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/83 here EH2802703.054
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 104-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1360 
February 28, 2020 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION 
LEASE—VETERANS HEALTH ADMINISTRATION, 
LAKELAND, FL 
Resolved by the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-
resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. § 3307, 
appropriations are authorized for a lease of 
up to 127,900 rentable square feet of space, in-
cluding 650 official parking spaces, for the 
Veterans Health Administration currently 
located at 4237 and 4235 South Pipkin Road in 
Lakeland, FL, at a proposed total annual 
cost of $4,732,300 for a lease term of up to 20 
years, a prospectus for which is attached to 
and included in this resolution. 
Approval of this prospectus constitutes au-
thority to execute an interim lease for all 
tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution 
of the new lease. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator shall include 
in the lease contract(s) a purchase option 
that can be exercised at the conclusion of 
the firm term of the lease. 
Provided further, that the Administrator 
shall require that the delineated area of the 
procurement is identical to the delineated 
area included in the prospectus, except that, 
if the Administrator determines that the de-
lineated area of the procurement should not 
be identical to the delineated area included 
in the prospectus, the Administrator shall 
provide an explanatory statement to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure of the House of Representatives 
prior to exercising any lease authority pro-
vided in this resolution. 
Provided further, not later than 30 calendar 
days after the date on which a request from 
the Chairman or Ranking Member of the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure of the House of Representatives is 
received by the Administrator of General 
Services, the Administrator shall provide 
such Member a response in writing that pro-
vides any information requested regarding 
the project. 
Provided further, the Administrator of Gen-
eral Services may not enter into this lease if 
it does not contain a provision barring any 
individual holding a Federally-elected office, 
regardless of whether such individual took 
office before or after execution of this lease, 
to directly participate in, or benefit from or 
under this lease or any part thereof and that 
such provision provide that if this lease is 
found to have been made in violation of the 
foregoing prohibition or it is found that this 
prohibition has been violated during the 
term of the lease, the lease shall be void, ex-
cept that the foregoing limitation shall not 
apply if the lease is entered into with a pub-
licly-held corporation or publicly-held entity 
for the general benefit of such corporation or 
entity. 
Provided further, prior to entering into this 
lease or approving a novation agreement in-
volving a change of ownership under this 
lease, the Administrator of General Services 
shall require the offeror or the parties re-
questing the novation, as applicable, to iden-
tify and disclose whether the owner of the 
leased space, including an entity involved in 
the financing thereof, is a foreign person or 
a foreign-owned entity; provided further, in 
such an instance, the Administrator of Gen-
eral Services shall notify the occupant agen-
cy(ies) in writing, and consult with such oc-
cupant agency(ies) regarding security con-
cerns and necessary mitigation measures (if 
any) prior to award of the lease or approval 
of the novation agreement. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator of General 
Services shall require that the lease procure-
ment consider the availability of public 
transportation consistent with agency mis-
sion requirements and that the space to be 
leased be renovated for all cost effective im-
provements, including renewable energy up-
grades, water efficiency improvements, and 
indoor air quality optimization, that reduce 
greenhouse gas emissions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00106
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.059
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 105-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1361 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00107
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.059
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/86 here EH2802703.055
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 106-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1362 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00108
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.059
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/87 here EH2802703.056
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 107-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1363 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00109
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.059
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/88 here EH2802703.057
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 108-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1364 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00110
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.059
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/89 here EH2802703.058
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 109-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1365 
February 28, 2020 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION 
LEASE—U.S. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS 
AFFAIRS, WASHINGTON, DC 
Resolved by the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-
resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. § 3307, 
appropriations are authorized for a lease of 
up to 309,000 rentable square feet of space for 
the Department of Veterans Affairs cur-
rently located at 425 I Street NW in Wash-
ington, DC, at a proposed total annual cost 
of $15,450,000 for a lease term of up to 20 
years, a prospectus for which is attached to 
and included in this resolution. 
Approval of this prospectus constitutes au-
thority to execute an interim lease for all 
tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution 
of the new lease. 
Provided that, the Administrator of General 
Services and tenant agency(ies) agree to 
apply an overall utilization rate of 183 square 
feet or less per person, except that, if the Ad-
ministrator determines that the overall uti-
lization rate cannot be achieved, the Admin-
istrator shall provide an explanatory state-
ment to the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-
resentatives prior to exercising any lease au-
thority provided in this resolution. 
Provided that, except for interim leases as 
described above, the Administrator may not 
enter into any leases that are below pro-
spectus level for the purposes of meeting any 
of the requirements, or portions thereof, in-
cluded in the prospectus that would result in 
an overall utilization rate of 183 square feet 
or higher per person. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator shall include 
in the lease contract(s) a purchase option 
that can be exercised at the conclusion of 
the firm term of the lease. 
Provided further, that the General Services 
Administration shall not delegate to any 
other agency the authority granted by this 
resolution. 
Provided further, that the Administrator 
shall require that the delineated area of the 
procurement is identical to the delineated 
area included in the prospectus, except that, 
if the Administrator determines that the de-
lineated area of the procurement should not 
be identical to the delineated area included 
in the prospectus, the Administrator shall 
provide an explanatory statement to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure of the House of Representatives 
prior to exercising any lease authority pro-
vided in this resolution. 
Provided further, not later than 30 calendar 
days after the date on which a request from 
the Chairman or Ranking Member of the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure of the House of Representatives is 
received by the Administrator of General 
Services, the Administrator shall provide 
such Member a response in writing that pro-
vides any information requested regarding 
the project. 
Provided further, the Administrator of Gen-
eral Services may not enter into this lease if 
it does not contain a provision barring any 
individual holding a Federally-elected office, 
regardless of whether such individual took 
office before or after execution of this lease, 
to directly participate in, or benefit from or 
under this lease or any part thereof and that 
such provision provide that if this lease is 
found to have been made in violation of the 
foregoing prohibition or it is found that this 
prohibition has been violated during the 
term of the lease, the lease shall be void, ex-
cept that the foregoing limitation shall not 
apply if the lease is entered into with a pub-
licly-held corporation or publicly-held entity 
for the general benefit of such corporation or 
entity. 
Provided further, prior to entering into this 
lease or approving a novation agreement in-
volving a change of ownership under this 
lease, the Administrator of General Services 
shall require the offeror or the parties re-
questing the novation, as applicable, to iden-
tify and disclose whether the owner of the 
leased space, including an entity involved in 
the financing thereof, is a foreign person or 
a foreign-owned entity; provided further, in 
such an instance, the Administrator of Gen-
eral Services shall notify the occupant agen-
cy(ies) in writing, and consult with such oc-
cupant agency(ies) regarding security con-
cerns and necessary mitigation measures (if 
any) prior to award of the lease or approval 
of the novation agreement. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator of General 
Services shall require that the lease procure-
ment consider the availability of public 
transportation consistent with agency mis-
sion requirements and that the space to be 
leased be renovated for all cost effective im-
provements, including renewable energy up-
grades, water efficiency improvements, and 
indoor air quality optimization, that reduce 
greenhouse gas emissions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:40 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00111
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.060
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 110-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1366 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00112
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.060
H28FEPT1
Insert graphic folio 703/92 here EH2802703.059
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 111-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1367 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00113
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.060
H28FEPT1
Insert graphic folio 703/93 here EH2802703.060
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 112-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1368 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00114
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.060
H28FEPT1
Insert graphic folio 703/94 here EH2802703.061
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 113-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1369 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00115
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.060
H28FEPT1
Insert graphic folio 703/95 here EH2802703.062
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 114-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1370 
February 28, 2020 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION 
LEASE—NATIONAL ARCHIVES AND RECORDS AD-
MINISTRATION, JACKSON AND CLAY COUNTIES, 
MO; AND JOHNSON COUNTY, KS 
Resolved by the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-
resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. § 3307, 
appropriations are authorized for a lease of 
up to 983,000 rentable square feet of space, in-
cluding 114 official parking spaces, for the 
National Archives and Records Administra-
tion, Federal Records Center currently lo-
cated at 17501 West 98th Street in Lenexa, 
KS, at a proposed total annual cost of 
$5,406,500 for a lease term of up to 20 years, 
a prospectus for which is attached to and in-
cluded in this resolution. 
Approval of this prospectus constitutes au-
thority to execute an interim lease for all 
tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution 
of the new lease. 
Provided that, the Administrator of General 
Services and tenant agency(ies) agree to 
apply an office utilization rate of 215 square 
feet or less per person, except that, if the Ad-
ministrator determines that the overall uti-
lization rate cannot be achieved, the Admin-
istrator shall provide an explanatory state-
ment to the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-
resentatives prior to exercising any lease au-
thority provided in this resolution. 
Provided that, except for interim leases as 
described above, the Administrator may not 
enter into any leases that are below pro-
spectus level for the purposes of meeting any 
of the requirements, or portions thereof, in-
cluded in the prospectus that would result in 
an office utilization rate of 215 square feet or 
higher per person. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator shall include 
in the lease contract(s) a purchase option 
that can be exercised at the conclusion of 
the firm term of the lease. 
Provided further, that the General Services 
Administration shall not delegate to any 
other agency the authority granted by this 
resolution. 
Provided further, that the Administrator 
shall require that the delineated area of the 
procurement is identical to the delineated 
area included in the prospectus, except that, 
if the Administrator determines that the de-
lineated area of the procurement should not 
be identical to the delineated area included 
in the prospectus, the Administrator shall 
provide an explanatory statement to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure of the House of Representatives 
prior to exercising any lease authority pro-
vided in this resolution. 
Provided further, not later than 30 calendar 
days after the date on which a request from 
the Chairman or Ranking Member of the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure of the House of Representatives is 
received by the Administrator of General 
Services, the Administrator shall provide 
such Member a response in writing that pro-
vides any information requested regarding 
the project. 
Provided further, the Administrator of Gen-
eral Services may not enter into this lease if 
it does not contain a provision barring any 
individual holding a Federally-elected office, 
regardless of whether such individual took 
office before or after execution of this lease, 
to directly participate in, or benefit from or 
under this lease or any part thereof and that 
such provision provide that if this lease is 
found to have been made in violation of the 
foregoing prohibition or it is found that this 
prohibition has been violated during the 
term of the lease, the lease shall be void, ex-
cept that the foregoing limitation shall not 
apply if the lease is entered into with a pub-
licly-held corporation or publicly-held entity 
for the general benefit of such corporation or 
entity. 
Provided further, prior to entering into this 
lease or approving a novation agreement in-
volving a change of ownership under this 
lease, the Administrator of General Services 
shall require the offeror or the parties re-
questing the novation, as applicable, to iden-
tify and disclose whether the owner of the 
leased space, including an entity involved in 
the financing thereof, is a foreign person or 
a foreign-owned entity; provided further, in 
such an instance, the Administrator of Gen-
eral Services shall notify the occupant agen-
cy(ies) in writing, and consult with such oc-
cupant agency(ies) regarding security con-
cerns and necessary mitigation measures (if 
any) prior to award of the lease or approval 
of the novation agreement. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator of General 
Services shall require that the lease procure-
ment consider the availability of public 
transportation consistent with agency mis-
sion requirements and that the space to be 
leased be renovated for all cost effective im-
provements, including renewable energy up-
grades, water efficiency improvements, and 
indoor air quality optimization, that reduce 
greenhouse gas emissions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:40 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00116
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.061
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 115-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1371 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00117
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.061
H28FEPT1
Insert graphic folio 703/98 here EH2802703.063
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 116-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1372 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00118
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.061
H28FEPT1
Insert graphic folio 703/99 here EH2802703.064
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 117-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1373 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00119
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.061
H28FEPT1
Insert graphic folio 703/100 here EH2802703.065
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 118-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1374 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00120
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.061
H28FEPT1
Insert graphic folio 703/101 here EH2802703.066
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 119-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1375 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00121
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.061
H28FEPT1
Insert graphic folio 703/102 here EH2802703.067
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 120-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1376 
February 28, 2020 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION 
LEASE—DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS, 
AUSTIN, TX 
Resolved by the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-
resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. § 3307, 
appropriations are authorized for a lease of 
up to 151,000 rentable square feet of space, in-
cluding 802 official parking spaces, for the 
Department of Veterans Affairs, currently 
located at 7600 Metropolis Drive in Austin, 
TX, at a proposed total annual cost of 
$6,644,000 for a lease term of up to 15 years, 
a prospectus for which is attached to and in-
cluded in this resolution. 
Approval of this prospectus constitutes au-
thority to execute an interim lease for all 
tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution 
of the new lease. 
Provided that, the Administrator of General 
Services and tenant agency(ies) agree to 
apply an overall utilization rate of 105 square 
feet or less per person, except that, if the Ad-
ministrator determines that the overall uti-
lization rate cannot be achieved, the Admin-
istrator shall provide an explanatory state-
ment to the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-
resentatives prior to exercising any lease au-
thority provided in this resolution. 
Provided that, except for interim leases as 
described above, the Administrator may not 
enter into any leases that are below pro-
spectus level for the purposes of meeting any 
of the requirements, or portions thereof, in-
cluded in the prospectus that would result in 
an overall utilization rate of 105 square feet 
or higher per person. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator shall include 
in the lease contract(s) a purchase option 
that can be exercised at the conclusion of 
the firm term of the lease. 
Provided further, that the General Services 
Administration shall not delegate to any 
other agency the authority granted by this 
resolution. 
Provided further, that the Administrator 
shall require that the delineated area of the 
procurement is identical to the delineated 
area included in the prospectus, except that, 
if the Administrator determines that the de-
lineated area of the procurement should not 
be identical to the delineated area included 
in the prospectus, the Administrator shall 
provide an explanatory statement to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure of the House of Representatives 
prior to exercising any lease authority pro-
vided in this resolution. 
Provided further, not later than 30 calendar 
days after the date on which a request from 
the Chairman or Ranking Member of the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure of the House of Representatives is 
received by the Administrator of General 
Services, the Administrator shall provide 
such Member a response in writing that pro-
vides any information requested regarding 
the project. 
Provided further, the Administrator of Gen-
eral Services may not enter into this lease if 
it does not contain a provision barring any 
individual holding a Federally-elected office, 
regardless of whether such individual took 
office before or after execution of this lease, 
to directly participate in, or benefit from or 
under this lease or any part thereof and that 
such provision provide that if this lease is 
found to have been made in violation of the 
foregoing prohibition or it is found that this 
prohibition has been violated during the 
term of the lease, the lease shall be void, ex-
cept that the foregoing limitation shall not 
apply if the lease is entered into with a pub-
licly-held corporation or publicly-held entity 
for the general benefit of such corporation or 
entity. 
Provided further, prior to entering into this 
lease or approving a novation agreement in-
volving a change of ownership under this 
lease, the Administrator of General Services 
shall require the offeror or the parties re-
questing the novation, as applicable, to iden-
tify and disclose whether the owner of the 
leased space, including an entity involved in 
the financing thereof, is a foreign person or 
a foreign-owned entity; provided further, in 
such an instance, the Administrator of Gen-
eral Services shall notify the occupant agen-
cy(ies) in writing, and consult with such oc-
cupant agency(ies) regarding security con-
cerns and necessary mitigation measures (if 
any) prior to award of the lease or approval 
of the novation agreement. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator of General 
Services shall require that the lease procure-
ment consider the availability of public 
transportation consistent with agency mis-
sion requirements and that the space to be 
leased be renovated for all cost effective im-
provements, including renewable energy up-
grades, water efficiency improvements, and 
indoor air quality optimization, that reduce 
greenhouse gas emissions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00122
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.062
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 121-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1377 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00123
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.062
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/105 here EH2802703.068
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 122-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1378 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00124
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.062
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/106 here EH2802703.069
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 123-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1379 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00125
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.062
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/107 here EH2802703.070
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 124-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1380 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00126
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.062
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/108 here EH2802703.071
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 125-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1381 
February 28, 2020 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION 
LEASE—DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN 
SERVICES, WASHINGTON, DC 
Resolved by the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-
resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. § 3307, 
appropriations are authorized for a lease of 
up to 172,000 rentable square feet of space, in-
cluding 25 official parking spaces, for the De-
partment of Health and Human Services, 
currently located in the O’Neill Building at 
200 C Street SW in Washington, DC, at a pro-
posed total annual cost of $8,600,000 for a 
lease term of up to 20 years, a prospectus for 
which is attached to and included in this res-
olution. 
Approval of this prospectus constitutes au-
thority to execute an interim lease for all 
tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution 
of the new lease. 
Provided that, the Administrator of General 
Services and tenant agency(ies) agree to 
apply an overall utilization rate of 175 square 
feet or less per person, except that, if the Ad-
ministrator determines that the overall uti-
lization rate cannot be achieved, the Admin-
istrator shall provide an explanatory state-
ment to the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-
resentatives prior to exercising any lease au-
thority provided in this resolution. 
Provided that, except for interim leases as 
described above, the Administrator may not 
enter into any leases that are below pro-
spectus level for the purposes of meeting any 
of the requirements, or portions thereof, in-
cluded in the prospectus that would result in 
an overall utilization rate of 175 square feet 
or higher per person. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator shall include 
in the lease contract(s) a purchase option 
that can be exercised at the conclusion of 
the firm term of the lease. 
Provided further, that the General Services 
Administration shall not delegate to any 
other agency the authority granted by this 
resolution. 
Provided further, that the Administrator 
shall require that the delineated area of the 
procurement is identical to the delineated 
area included in the prospectus, except that, 
if the Administrator determines that the de-
lineated area of the procurement should not 
be identical to the delineated area included 
in the prospectus, the Administrator shall 
provide an explanatory statement to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure of the House of Representatives 
prior to exercising any lease authority pro-
vided in this resolution. 
Provided further, not later than 30 calendar 
days after the date on which a request from 
the Chairman or Ranking Member of the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure of the House of Representatives is 
received by the Administrator of General 
Services, the Administrator shall provide 
such Member a response in writing that pro-
vides any information requested regarding 
the project. 
Provided further, the Administrator of Gen-
eral Services may not enter into this lease if 
it does not contain a provision barring any 
individual holding a Federally-elected office, 
regardless of whether such individual took 
office before or after execution of this lease, 
to directly participate in, or benefit from or 
under this lease or any part thereof and that 
such provision provide that if this lease is 
found to have been made in violation of the 
foregoing prohibition or it is found that this 
prohibition has been violated during the 
term of the lease, the lease shall be void, ex-
cept that the foregoing limitation shall not 
apply if the lease is entered into with a pub-
licly-held corporation or publicly-held entity 
for the general benefit of such corporation or 
entity. 
Provided further, prior to entering into this 
lease or approving a novation agreement in-
volving a change of ownership under this 
lease, the Administrator of General Services 
shall require the offeror or the parties re-
questing the novation, as applicable, to iden-
tify and disclose whether the owner of the 
leased space, including an entity involved in 
the financing thereof, is a foreign person or 
a foreign-owned entity; provided further, in 
such an instance, the Administrator of Gen-
eral Services shall notify the occupant agen-
cy(ies) in writing, and consult with such oc-
cupant agency(ies) regarding security con-
cerns and necessary mitigation measures (if 
any) prior to award of the lease or approval 
of the novation agreement. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator of General 
Services shall require that the lease procure-
ment consider the availability of public 
transportation consistent with agency mis-
sion requirements and that the space to be 
leased be renovated for all cost effective im-
provements, including renewable energy up-
grades, water efficiency improvements, and 
indoor air quality optimization, that reduce 
greenhouse gas emissions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00127
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.063
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 126-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1382 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00128
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.063
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/111 here EH2802703.072
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 127-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1383 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00129
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.063
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/112 here EH2802703.073
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 128-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1384 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00130
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.063
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/113 here EH2802703.074
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 129-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1385 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00131
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.063
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/114 here EH2802703.075
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 130-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1386 
February 28, 2020 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION 
LEASE—CITIZENSHIP AND IMMIGRATION 
SERVICES SUBURBAN, KANSAS CITY, MO 
Resolved by the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-
resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. § 3307, 
appropriations are authorized for a lease of 
up to 317,000 rentable square feet of space, in-
cluding 26 official parking spaces, for the De-
partment of Homeland Security, Citizenship 
and Immigration Services—National Bene-
fits Center currently located at 850 NW 
Chipman Road in Lee’s Summit, MO, at a 
proposed total annual cost of $8,400,500 for a 
lease term of up to 20 years, a prospectus for 
which is attached to and included in this res-
olution. 
Approval of this prospectus constitutes au-
thority to execute an interim lease for all 
tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution 
of the new lease. 
Provided that, the Administrator of General 
Services and tenant agency(ies) agree to 
apply an overall utilization rate of 151 square 
feet or less per person, except that, if the Ad-
ministrator determines that the overall uti-
lization rate cannot be achieved, the Admin-
istrator shall provide an explanatory state-
ment to the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-
resentatives prior to exercising any lease au-
thority provided in this resolution. 
Provided that, except for interim leases as 
described above, the Administrator may not 
enter into any leases that are below pro-
spectus level for the purposes of meeting any 
of the requirements, or portions thereof, in-
cluded in the prospectus that would result in 
an overall utilization rate of 151 square feet 
or higher per person. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator shall include 
in the lease contract(s) a purchase option 
that can be exercised at the conclusion of 
the firm term of the lease. 
Provided further, that the General Services 
Administration shall not delegate to any 
other agency the authority granted by this 
resolution. 
Provided further, that the Administrator 
shall require that the delineated area of the 
procurement is identical to the delineated 
area included in the prospectus, except that, 
if the Administrator determines that the de-
lineated area of the procurement should not 
be identical to the delineated area included 
in the prospectus, the Administrator shall 
provide an explanatory statement to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure of the House of Representatives 
prior to exercising any lease authority pro-
vided in this resolution. 
Provided further, not later than 30 calendar 
days after the date on which a request from 
the Chairman or Ranking Member of the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure of the House of Representatives is 
received by the Administrator of General 
Services, the Administrator shall provide 
such Member a response in writing that pro-
vides any information requested regarding 
the project. 
Provided further, the Administrator of Gen-
eral Services may not enter into this lease if 
it does not contain a provision barring any 
individual holding a Federally-elected office, 
regardless of whether such individual took 
office before or after execution of this lease, 
to directly participate in, or benefit from or 
under this lease or any part thereof and that 
such provision provide that if this lease is 
found to have been made in violation of the 
foregoing prohibition or it is found that this 
prohibition has been violated during the 
term of the lease, the lease shall be void, ex-
cept that the foregoing limitation shall not 
apply if the lease is entered into with a pub-
licly-held corporation or publicly-held entity 
for the general benefit of such corporation or 
entity. 
Provided further, prior to entering into this 
lease or approving a novation agreement in-
volving a change of ownership under this 
lease, the Administrator of General Services 
shall require the offeror or the parties re-
questing the novation, as applicable, to iden-
tify and disclose whether the owner of the 
leased space, including an entity involved in 
the financing thereof, is a foreign person or 
a foreign-owned entity; provided further, in 
such an instance, the Administrator of Gen-
eral Services shall notify the occupant agen-
cy(ies) in writing, and consult with such oc-
cupant agency(ies) regarding security con-
cerns and necessary mitigation measures (if 
any) prior to award of the lease or approval 
of the novation agreement. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator of General 
Services shall require that the lease procure-
ment consider the availability of public 
transportation consistent with agency mis-
sion requirements and that the space to be 
leased be renovated for all cost effective im-
provements, including renewable energy up-
grades, water efficiency improvements, and 
indoor air quality optimization, that reduce 
greenhouse gas emissions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00132
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.070
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 131-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1387 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00133
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.070
H28FEPT1
Insert graphic folio 703/117 here EH2802703.076
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 132-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1388 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00134
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.070
H28FEPT1
Insert graphic folio 703/118 here EH2802703.077
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 133-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1389 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00135
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.070
H28FEPT1
Insert graphic folio 703/119 here EH2802703.078
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 134-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1390 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00136
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.070
H28FEPT1
Insert graphic folio 703/120 here EH2802703.079
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 135-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1391 
February 28, 2020 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION 
LEASE—VETERANS HEALTH ADMINISTRATION, 
DENVER, CO 
Resolved by the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-
resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. § 3307, 
appropriations are authorized for a lease of 
up to 210,000 rentable square feet of space, in-
cluding 3 official parking spaces, for the Vet-
erans Health Administration currently lo-
cated at 3773 Cherry Creek North Drive in 
Denver, CO, at a proposed total annual cost 
of $8,400,000 for a lease term of up to 15 years, 
a prospectus for which is attached to and in-
cluded in this resolution. 
Approval of this prospectus constitutes au-
thority to execute an interim lease for all 
tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution 
of the new lease. 
Provided that, the Administrator of General 
Services and tenant agency(ies) agree to 
apply an overall utilization rate of 100 square 
feet or less per person, except that, if the Ad-
ministrator determines that the overall uti-
lization rate cannot be achieved, the Admin-
istrator shall provide an explanatory state-
ment to the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-
resentatives prior to exercising any lease au-
thority provided in this resolution. 
Provided that, except for interim leases as 
described above, the Administrator may not 
enter into any leases that are below pro-
spectus level for the purposes of meeting any 
of the requirements, or portions thereof, in-
cluded in the prospectus that would result in 
an overall utilization rate of 100 square feet 
or higher per person. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator shall include 
in the lease contract(s) a purchase option 
that can be exercised at the conclusion of 
the firm term of the lease. 
Provided further, that the Administrator 
shall require that the delineated area of the 
procurement is identical to the delineated 
area included in the prospectus, except that, 
if the Administrator determines that the de-
lineated area of the procurement should not 
be identical to the delineated area included 
in the prospectus, the Administrator shall 
provide an explanatory statement to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure of the House of Representatives 
prior to exercising any lease authority pro-
vided in this resolution. 
Provided further, not later than 30 calendar 
days after the date on which a request from 
the Chairman or Ranking Member of the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure of the House of Representatives is 
received by the Administrator of General 
Services, the Administrator shall provide 
such Member a response in writing that pro-
vides any information requested regarding 
the project. 
Provided further, the Administrator of Gen-
eral Services may not enter into this lease if 
it does not contain a provision barring any 
individual holding a Federally-elected office, 
regardless of whether such individual took 
office before or after execution of this lease, 
to directly participate in, or benefit from or 
under this lease or any part thereof and that 
such provision provide that if this lease is 
found to have been made in violation of the 
foregoing prohibition or it is found that this 
prohibition has been violated during the 
term of the lease, the lease shall be void, ex-
cept that the foregoing limitation shall not 
apply if the lease is entered into with a pub-
licly-held corporation or publicly-held entity 
for the general benefit of such corporation or 
entity. 
Provided further, prior to entering into this 
lease or approving a novation agreement in-
volving a change of ownership under this 
lease, the Administrator of General Services 
shall require the offeror or the parties re-
questing the novation, as applicable, to iden-
tify and disclose whether the owner of the 
leased space, including an entity involved in 
the financing thereof, is a foreign person or 
a foreign-owned entity; provided further, in 
such an instance, the Administrator of Gen-
eral Services shall notify the occupant agen-
cy(ies) in writing, and consult with such oc-
cupant agency(ies) regarding security con-
cerns and necessary mitigation measures (if 
any) prior to award of the lease or approval 
of the novation agreement. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator of General 
Services shall require that the lease procure-
ment consider the availability of public 
transportation consistent with agency mis-
sion requirements and that the space to be 
leased be renovated for all cost effective im-
provements, including renewable energy up-
grades, water efficiency improvements, and 
indoor air quality optimization, that reduce 
greenhouse gas emissions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00137
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.071
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 136-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1392 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00138
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.071
H28FEPT1
Insert graphic folio 703/123 here EH2802703.080
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 137-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1393 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00139
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.071
H28FEPT1
Insert graphic folio 703/124 here EH2802703.081
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 138-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1394 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:41 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00140
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.071
H28FEPT1
Insert graphic folio 703/125 here EH2802703.082
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 139-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1395 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:53 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00141
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.071
H28FEPT1
Insert graphic folio 703/126 here EH2802703.083
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 140-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1396 
February 28, 2020 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION 
LEASE DEPARTMENT OF STATE, ARLINGTON, VA 
Resolved by the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-
resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. § 3307, 
appropriations are authorized for a lease of 
up to 252,000 rentable square feet of space, in-
cluding 5 official parking spaces, for the De-
partment of State currently located at 1800 
North Kent Street in Arlington, VA, at a 
proposed total annual cost of $9,828,000 for a 
lease term of up to 20 years, a prospectus for 
which is attached to and included in this res-
olution. 
Approval of this prospectus constitutes au-
thority to execute an interim lease for all 
tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution 
of the new lease. 
Provided that, the Administrator of General 
Services and tenant agency(ies) agree to 
apply an overall utilization rate of 147 square 
feet or less per person, except that, if the Ad-
ministrator determines that the overall uti-
lization rate cannot be achieved, the Admin-
istrator shall provide an explanatory state-
ment to the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-
resentatives prior to exercising any lease au-
thority provided in this resolution. 
Provided that, except for interim leases as 
described above, the Administrator may not 
enter into any leases that are below pro-
spectus level for the purposes of meeting any 
of the requirements, or portions thereof, in-
cluded in the prospectus that would result in 
an overall utilization rate of 147 square feet 
or higher per person. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator shall include 
in the lease contract(s) a purchase option 
that can be exercised at the conclusion of 
the firm term of the lease. 
Provided further, that the General Services 
Administration shall not delegate to any 
other agency the authority granted by this 
resolution. 
Provided further, that the Administrator 
shall require that the delineated area of the 
procurement is identical to the delineated 
area included in the prospectus, except that, 
if the Administrator determines that the de-
lineated area of the procurement should not 
be identical to the delineated area included 
in the prospectus, the Administrator shall 
provide an explanatory statement to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure of the House of Representatives 
prior to exercising any lease authority pro-
vided in this resolution. 
Provided further, not later than 30 calendar 
days after the date on which a request from 
the Chairman or Ranking Member of the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure of the House of Representatives is 
received by the Administrator of General 
Services, the Administrator shall provide 
such Member a response in writing that pro-
vides any information requested regarding 
the project. 
Provided further, the Administrator of Gen-
eral Services may not enter into this lease if 
it does not contain a provision barring any 
individual holding a Federally-elected office, 
regardless of whether such individual took 
office before or after execution of this lease, 
to directly participate in, or benefit from or 
under this lease or any part thereof and that 
such provision provide that if this lease is 
found to have been made in violation of the 
foregoing prohibition or it is found that this 
prohibition has been violated during the 
term of the lease, the lease shall be void, ex-
cept that the foregoing limitation shall not 
apply if the lease is entered into with a pub-
licly-held corporation or publicly-held entity 
for the general benefit of such corporation or 
entity. 
Provided further, prior to entering into this 
lease or approving a novation agreement in-
volving a change of ownership under this 
lease, the Administrator of General Services 
shall require the offeror or the parties re-
questing the novation, as applicable, to iden-
tify and disclose whether the owner of the 
leased space, including an entity involved in 
the financing thereof, is a foreign person or 
a foreign-owned entity; provided further, in 
such an instance, the Administrator of Gen-
eral Services shall notify the occupant agen-
cy(ies) in writing, and consult with such oc-
cupant agency(ies) regarding security con-
cerns and necessary mitigation measures (if 
any) prior to award of the lease or approval 
of the novation agreement. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator of General 
Services shall require that the lease procure-
ment consider the availability of public 
transportation consistent with agency mis-
sion requirements and that the space to be 
leased be renovated for all cost effective im-
provements, including renewable energy up-
grades, water efficiency improvements, and 
indoor air quality optimization, that reduce 
greenhouse gas emissions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:53 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00142
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.072
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 141-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1397 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:53 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00143
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.072
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/129 here EH2802703.084
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 142-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1398 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:53 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00144
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.072
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/130 here EH2802703.085
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 143-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1399 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:53 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00145
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.072
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/131 here EH2802703.086
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 144-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1400 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:53 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00146
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.072
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/132 here EH2802703.087
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 145-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1401 
February 28, 2020 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION 
LEASE—DEPARTMENT OF STATE, ARLINGTON, VA 
Resolved by the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-
resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. § 3307, 
appropriations are authorized for a lease of 
up to 116,000 rentable square feet of space, in-
cluding 22 official parking spaces, for the De-
partment of State currently located at 1400 
Wilson Boulevard in Arlington, VA, at a pro-
posed total annual cost of $4,524,000 for a 
lease term of up to 20 years, a prospectus for 
which is attached to and included in this res-
olution. 
Approval of this prospectus constitutes au-
thority to execute an interim lease for all 
tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution 
of the new lease. 
Provided that, the Administrator of General 
Services and tenant agency(ies) agree to 
apply an overall utilization rate of 175 square 
feet or less per person, except that, if the Ad-
ministrator determines that the overall uti-
lization rate cannot be achieved, the Admin-
istrator shall provide an explanatory state-
ment to the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-
resentatives prior to exercising any lease au-
thority provided in this resolution. 
Provided that, except for interim leases as 
described above, the Administrator may not 
enter into any leases that are below pro-
spectus level for the purposes of meeting any 
of the requirements, or portions thereof, in-
cluded in the prospectus that would result in 
an overall utilization rate of 175 square feet 
or higher per person. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator shall include 
in the lease contract(s) a purchase option 
that can be exercised at the conclusion of 
the firm term of the lease. 
Provided further, that the General Services 
Administration shall not delegate to any 
other agency the authority granted by this 
resolution. 
Provided further, that the Administrator 
shall require that the delineated area of the 
procurement is identical to the delineated 
area included in the prospectus, except that, 
if the Administrator determines that the de-
lineated area of the procurement should not 
be identical to the delineated area included 
in the prospectus, the Administrator shall 
provide an explanatory statement to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure of the House of Representatives 
prior to exercising any lease authority pro-
vided in this resolution. 
Provided further, not later than 30 calendar 
days after the date on which a request from 
the Chairman or Ranking Member of the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure of the House of Representatives is 
received by the Administrator of General 
Services, the Administrator shall provide 
such Member a response in writing that pro-
vides any information requested regarding 
the project. 
Provided further, the Administrator of Gen-
eral Services may not enter into this lease if 
it does not contain a provision barring any 
individual holding a Federally-elected office, 
regardless of whether such individual took 
office before or after execution of this lease, 
to directly participate in, or benefit from or 
under this lease or any part thereof and that 
such provision provide that if this lease is 
found to have been made in violation of the 
foregoing prohibition or it is found that this 
prohibition has been violated during the 
term of the lease, the lease shall be void, ex-
cept that the foregoing limitation shall not 
apply if the lease is entered into with a pub-
licly-held corporation or publicly-held entity 
for the general benefit of such corporation or 
entity. 
Provided further, prior to entering into this 
lease or approving a novation agreement in-
volving a change of ownership under this 
lease, the Administrator of General Services 
shall require the offeror or the parties re-
questing the novation, as applicable, to iden-
tify and disclose whether the owner of the 
leased space, including an entity involved in 
the financing thereof, is a foreign person or 
a foreign-owned entity; provided further, in 
such an instance, the Administrator of Gen-
eral Services shall notify the occupant agen-
cy(ies) in writing, and consult with such oc-
cupant agency(ies) regarding security con-
cerns and necessary mitigation measures (if 
any) prior to award of the lease or approval 
of the novation agreement. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator of General 
Services shall require that the lease procure-
ment consider the availability of public 
transportation consistent with agency mis-
sion requirements and that the space to be 
leased be renovated for all cost effective im-
provements, including renewable energy up-
grades, water efficiency improvements, and 
indoor air quality optimization, that reduce 
greenhouse gas emissions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:53 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00147
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.073
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 146-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1402 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:53 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00148
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.073
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/135 here EH2802703.088
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 147-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1403 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:53 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00149
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.073
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/136 here EH2802703.089
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 148-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1404 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:53 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00150
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.073
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/137 here EH2802703.090
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 149-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1405 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:53 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00151
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.073
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/138 here EH2802703.091
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 150-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1406 
February 28, 2020 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION 
ALTERATION—NEW U.S. COURTHOUSE, 
HUNTSVILLE, AL 
Resolved by the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-
resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. § 3307, 
the resolution passed by the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure dated De-
cember 12, 2018, is amended; 
Provided, that the Administrator of Gen-
eral Services shall ensure that construction 
of the new courthouse complies, at a min-
imum, with courtroom sharing requirements 
adopted by the Judicial Conference of the 
United States. 
The proviso ‘‘Provided further, that the de-
sign of the new courthouse shall not deviate 
from the U.S. Courts Design Guide’’ is 
amended to read ‘‘Provided further, that, ex-
cept for deviations from the U.S. Courts De-
sign Guide approved by the Judicial Con-
ference prior to the date of this resolution, 
the design of the new courthouse shall not 
deviate from the U.S. Courts Design Guide.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:53 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00152
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.074
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 151-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1407 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:53 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00153
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.074
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/140 here EH2802703.092
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 152-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1408 
February 28, 2020 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:53 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00154
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.074
H28FEPT1
Insert offset folio 703/141 here EH2802703.093
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 153-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1409 
February 28, 2020 
There was no objection. 
f 
ISSUES OF THE DAY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-
uary 3, 2019, the gentleman from Iowa 
(Mr. KING) is recognized for 60 minutes 
as the designee of the minority leader. 
Mr. KING of Iowa. Madam Speaker, 
it is my honor to be recognized by you 
to address you here on the floor of the 
United States House of Representa-
tives. Recognizing the centuries of de-
bate that have taken place before our 
Speakers over the years, every time 
that anyone has this privilege to ad-
dress you and be heard by the Members 
of this House of Representatives and 
by, today, with our technology, all the 
people of the United States of America, 
it is an honor. And it is an honor that 
goes along with the vote card and with 
the endorsement of a majority of our 
constituents back in our various dis-
tricts. 
I would say, Madam Speaker, that 
too often we don’t think about how 
this mix works out; how our Founding 
Fathers had so much wisdom to put 
this together when it was 13 original 
colonies and there were far fewer seats 
in this House of Representatives than 
there are today; and yet, to put the 
mix together here so it is a voice from 
every corner of America. 
We started out with 13 original colo-
nies—and 
I 
should 
have 
probably 
memorized how many House seats 
there were in the beginning—but it 
grew to 435 and then they capped it, be-
cause as the country got bigger if we 
had used that population balance, we 
would have many more seats here in 
the House of Representatives. 
Some would say that 435 is unman-
ageable; in fact, all of us would have 
said that on one day or another. 
But the wisdom of it, the beauty of 
it, the genius of it is this: That 435 Con-
gressional districts in America, every 
corner of America is represented here, 
Madam Speaker, in front of you in the 
House of Representatives. 
Whether you go up to Alaska and you 
hear from the dean of the delegation, 
in fact, the dean of the House, DON 
YOUNG, who has been here longer than 
anybody else, and the wisdom that he 
brings from way up in the northwest 
country; or whether you go down into 
the southern tip of Florida, or up into 
Maine, or down into, let’s say, San 
Diego, right across the border from Ti-
juana, or out to Hawaii, or even Guam, 
for that matter, and the Marianas, you 
hear the voice of America here. 
I have listened to the debate here on 
this floor and in our committees for a 
long time; and what I hear, when I hear 
that debate come, you will hear geo-
graphical identifications going on. Peo-
ple will stand up for—a lot of times it 
is ‘‘ag’’ products that you can deter-
mine. We don’t do too many pineapples 
in Iowa. When I hear about that, I 
think, well, are we talking Hawaii? 
Yes, usually. 
When we are talking about cotton, 
that is the South. When it is corn, that 
is the Corn Belt. That is the ‘‘ag’’ side 
of this. 
But also, we have different weather 
circumstances. If you want to do a lit-
tle research, or if you want to find out 
what is going on in America, you walk 
down here on the floor, Madam Speak-
er, and go find somebody that rep-
resents the area that is affected. 
Whether it is weather; whether it is 
crops; whether it is current events; 
whether it is a natural disaster or a 
human-caused disaster, we get straight 
to it here. The quickest way you can 
find an expert is here in the House of 
Representatives. 
So I congratulate all of my col-
leagues for doing that job; for bringing 
the values of their constituents here 
and putting together that jigsaw puzzle 
of 435 voices with many, many, many 
more ideas than those voices. 
But I came here this afternoon, 
Madam Speaker, to address a couple of 
topics; and one of them I want to ad-
dress is the life and the contribution of 
Philip Haney. Philip Haney was a 
friend of mine. He was a friend of Mr. 
GOHMERT and others. 
Philip Haney was one of the originals 
to be hired on for the Department of 
Homeland Security. He became an ana-
lyst. He taught himself the Arabic lan-
guage, and he began tracking the flow 
of people into the United States out of 
those countries that, from which came 
those 19 who bombed us on September 
11 of 2001. 
Philip Haney’s expertise built a data-
base. 
That 
database 
tracks 
some-
thing—this is by my memory, Madam 
Speaker, so that is my disclaimer— 
about 800 individuals who were at least 
on the suspect list of those who might 
be positioning themselves to bring 
forth another attack on America. 
If we can remember what that was 
like in 2001, and think what it was like 
for Phil Haney, stepping up in a way 
that he had to educate himself in the 
Arabic language; he had to understand 
the culture; he had to understand the 
history; and then he had to track logis-
tics and other characteristics. 
He built a database, a database that 
was an indicator database on whether 
and if there might be another attack 
that was rooted in the ideology that 
took down the Twin Towers, and 
bombed the Pentagon, and put the 
plane 
down 
in 
Pennsylvania. 
Phil 
Haney was a patriot. 
When I first met Phil Haney, it was 
in a quiet, careful room over here just 
off the Capitol a little ways. I knew a 
little about his story, but when I first 
heard his story, he was concerned then 
that he would be a target by people. 
And he had a thumb drive with a lot of 
data on it—I don’t know how many 
gigs it was—hanging on a lanyard 
around his neck. He kept that with 
him. 
I understood that that information 
was also deposited in a remote location 
or two or more, so there was a redun-
dancy. If anything happened to Phil 
Haney, that data would be accessible to 
the people whom he trusted, I imagine, 
the most. So that was his insurance 
policy that he wouldn’t be killed. 
Then, over the years, Phil Haney— 
and I am going to say 7 or 8 years of 
this very active—Phil Haney wrote a 
book called, ‘‘See Something, Say 
Nothing.’’ Those were the orders he got 
out of the administration at the time, 
Madam Speaker. 
Yet, Phil Haney had developed the 
research and the database that he said, 
in the last few years of his life, might 
have, could have—and I will say, those 
were the words he used—might have 
and could have prevented the mass 
killings, the one in San Bernardino and 
the one in Orlando that were per-
petrated by, I will say, Islamic radical 
hatred. 
But that information was scrubbed. 
It was scrubbed from the Department 
of Homeland Security by order from on 
high; how high up in the administra-
tion, at this point I don’t know that we 
do know. We do know that the former 
director of the FBI, Robert Mueller, or-
dered that also to be the case for all of 
the documents in the FBI, so that 
there was nothing derogatory about 
Islam anywhere in all those research 
documents. 
That is part of the work that Phil 
Haney was doing. Phil Haney was then 
tracking people with his access to the 
database, but also his ability to track 
credit card numbers, phone calls, and 
those things, so that he could see who 
was talking to whom; where they were 
traveling; where they were gathering; 
and that data informed him. But the 
order came down, scrub all of that out 
of your database. 
He 
never 
said 
publicly 
that 
he 
downloaded that information before 
the scrub came down, but he didn’t 
deny it either. He was a directly honest 
man, and whatever Phil Haney said, 
you could always believe. 
But the administration came in, his 
bosses, and essentially, took over his 
computer and scrubbed the hard drive 
of the records that they said he should 
not be following, because, I guess, it is 
under a presumption that if you follow 
people that are, I will say, associated 
with criminals, that somehow that re-
flects a prejudice against their reli-
gion. 
We 
know 
that 
the 
people 
that 
bombed the Twin Towers, and the Pen-
tagon, and put that plane down in 
Pennsylvania were all of the same reli-
gion. But they were a sect of the reli-
gion. They were radical Islamists, and 
Phil Haney was the bulwark against 
that. 
Madam Speaker, I say this because a 
week ago today, Phil Haney died. He 
was found dead along the road out in a 
rural area in California, with a gunshot 
wound in his chest which, I imagine, 
was very close to where that thumb 
drive hung from the lanyard around his 
neck. That was how he kept that data 
with him at all times. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:53 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00155
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K28FE7.047
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 154-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1410 
February 28, 2020 
Phil Haney did carry for his own de-
fense. When there were people that 
would come and talk to him just one- 
on-one, he often said to them, you are 
taking a risk talking to me because 
you could become a target too. 
He had said to friends as recently as 
2 weeks before his death, if there is an 
announcement, if I am dead and there 
is a suicide letter, it will be a fake. And 
he often said, I would never commit 
suicide. 
I think the law enforcement people 
regret that within the first 24 hours the 
story came out that it was a suicide. 
That has been retracted since then. 
And I am talking with people that are 
in direct contact with the investiga-
tors, and that includes the FBI and 
local sheriff’s department. 
They tell me that the investigation 
and the death of our friend, Phil 
Haney, our patriotic friend, that inves-
tigation, Madam Speaker, starts with 
the presumption that it is a homicide 
and works its way through looking for 
everything. And it will be a very deep 
and careful investigation, forensics of 
all kinds. 
I wrote a whole series of questions 
down, and the response I got back was, 
you will have answers to all of these 
and many more. Well, I expect those 
answers. We insist that we get those 
answers and I do expect that we will 
get them. 
But I can’t be convinced that Phil 
Haney committed suicide. I knew him 
too well. I have talked to at least a 
dozen of his close friends since that pe-
riod of time that also said the same 
thing. The instant the news hit them, 
they knew that Phil had already—he 
had already prepared us to know that 
he would never commit suicide. 
He was a very deep and devoted 
Christian man. He had lost his wife a 
little over a year ago, found a new love, 
and was scheduled—I call it sched-
uled—to be married in April of this 
year, just a little over a month from 
now. 
He had everything to live for. He was 
finishing another book. The informa-
tion, the data didn’t get a complete 
dump at all in his first book, which I 
said was ‘‘See Something, Say Noth-
ing.’’ And the second book was close to 
being finished. 
He was preparing for his wedding. He 
had joy in his heart. He had energy. He 
had ambition. And even those that 
speculated that he might have gotten a 
health notice that was discouraging, 
Phil Haney would have used—if he had 
a terminal notice, if the doctor had 
said you have got 2 weeks to live, or a 
month to live, or 6 months to live, or a 
day to live, Phil Haney would have 
used every moment he could to com-
plete his work, and finish the book, and 
make sure that all of that information 
and data was in the right hands, and 
that the people that had it in their 
hands would know what it meant and 
what to do with it, and who would best 
put their eyes on it to continue the 
work that he had dedicated and, I be-
lieve, now gave his life for. 
b 1245 
I want to, while I am standing here 
on the floor, Madam Speaker, say that 
I don’t believe Phil Haney committed 
suicide. 
I expect we are going to get a thor-
ough investigation. The evidence that 
is coming to me indicates that he was 
murdered. We don’t know that yet. But 
the next step along the way is, if so, we 
need to find his killer. 
So I honor Phil Haney and his life. 
He was a noble, noble patriot. He knew 
that he was using the days of his life— 
he didn’t know if it was going to be the 
last days, but he was concerned it 
would be, and it turned out to be the 
last days of his life—stepping up to de-
fend America, to defend the rule of law, 
to protect our 330 million people here. 
And that is what cost him his life, in 
my view, Madam Speaker. 
So I honor Phil Haney. And to honor 
his memory, we also need to follow 
through on a full and thorough inves-
tigation, and then if the evidence war-
rants it, and I expect it will, the inves-
tigation that turns up the killer or 
killers. 
My prayers are for the family of Phil 
Haney, for his daughter, for his fiancee, 
and for all of those who loved a man 
who was a noble individual, a noble, pa-
triotic American. 
Speaking of those folks who really do 
step up and make a difference in the 
world—Phil Haney is one of them that 
is on my heart this week. There is an-
other one who stepped up to make a 
great big difference that is on my mind 
this week also, and that is Nigel 
Farage of the United Kingdom. 
He joined us for a breakfast yester-
day morning at the Conservative Op-
portunity Society. I host that break-
fast usually every Wednesday morning 
at 8 o’clock over in the Capitol Hill 
Club. 
It is off the record, Madam Speaker, 
so I am going to be careful about what 
I say. I will only repeat the things that 
I have already heard Nigel Farage say 
out publicly, but there is nothing that 
he would be embarrassed about at all. 
It was a terrific delivery. 
But the background of Nigel Farage 
is this: He started out in the trading 
business—I will say commodities trad-
ing business—worked his way through 
there for a number of years. He got in-
volved in politics, and he was elected 
to go to the European Parliament. He 
went there with the belief that the 
United Kingdom needed to pull out of 
the European Union. 
He formed a party called the UKIP. 
The UKIP party was the most conserv-
ative party over in the United King-
dom, and their objective was to pull 
the United Kingdom out of the Euro-
pean Union. 
Some of the discussions that we had 
was what percentage of the GDP of the 
United Kingdom went to the European 
Union and how much say they had in 
the laws that were being passed. 
What it comes down to is, the Euro-
pean Union will pass a law, impose it 
back on its member states, the U.K. 
being one of them, one of the lead 
member states, and they don’t have the 
ability to ever repeal that. 
Once they are subjected to the rule of 
Brussels, they are stuck with the rule 
of Brussels. The only way out of that is 
to pull out of the EU altogether, the 
way I understand this. 
So I have in front of me here my 
notes from almost 5 years ago when I 
invited Nigel Farage to come before 
the Conservative Opportunity Society. 
That was July 15, 2015. 
He gave a tremendous presentation. I 
was already convinced, which was why 
I invited him, but I believe everybody 
around that table was convinced that 
it is in the best interests of the United 
Kingdom, the best interests of the 
United States, for the United Kingdom 
to pull out of the European Union. 
Some of the frustrations I have had 
in trying to negotiate in trade with the 
European Union come up against the 
barriers that they have. Most of those 
barriers do have to do with agriculture, 
Madam Speaker. 
For example, we have come a long 
way with our technology and the ge-
netically modified organisms that we 
have. We have, for years and years, 
raised Roundup Ready soybeans. When 
I grew up, we had walking beans, and 
we would try to put a little water at 
each end of the field and go through 
there and pull the weeds most of the 
time. Sometimes we cut them with a 
hook, but most of the time, we pulled 
them. So we went down, and we would 
weed our rows to one end, pivot around, 
weed the rows back to the other end. 
About every young kid that was 
there, all the way up to whoever could 
walk, was in the field pulling weeds out 
of the beans until a Ph.D. scientist dis-
covered that there was a genetic char-
acteristic that was resistant to Round-
up, and Roundup being a better—I will 
say an environmentally better product 
to kill weeds with than the 2,4–D that 
we had been using at the time. 
So they spliced this gene from an-
other plant into the soybean plant and 
came up with a plant called Roundup 
Ready soybeans. That meant that you 
could plant your beans across the field, 
your soybeans, and go through and 
spray a light dusting of Roundup 
across that. 
It would kill all the weeds, and the 
beans would thrive. You would see vast 
fields without a single weed in them, 
and nobody had to walk and pull those 
weeds. 
They got a little more sophisticated, 
I might add. After a while, when they 
got tired of walking, they put a bar 
across in the front of the tractor with 
seats on it, and then—my wife has done 
a lot of this—sat there in the Sun with 
a spray gun and just spray each weed 
that comes along in the rows that you 
are responsible for. That was another 
way. 
Well, we know they got a lot of spray 
on their feet and on their legs. And it 
seems to be healthy enough in my 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:53 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00156
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K28FE7.048
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 155-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1411 
February 28, 2020 
neighborhood, but it never was really 
comfortable with that. 
In any case, that all went away when 
we came up with a genetically modified 
organism, Roundup Ready soybeans. 
Now, that has gone into other crops as 
well. 
Well, the folks in the European 
Union think that somehow that could 
be a carcinogen. I have argued with 
them over there, over and over again, 
show me your evidence on how it could 
be a carcinogen; show me some science; 
explain to me, at least your theory, on 
how it could be a carcinogen. And they 
say: Well, you have to prove to us it is 
not. 
How do you prove a negative? That is 
one of those age-old questions that phi-
losophers have kicked back and forth 
for a long time: How to you prove a 
negative? 
I put that pressure back on them, and 
I said: Well, you have to have 60 years 
of humans, and they have to be con-
trolled specimens so that the only vari-
able is one set of humans are eating 
Roundup Ready soybeans and the other 
set are not. And otherwise, their diets, 
their exercise, their environment are 
all the same. After 60 years of that, we 
can evaluate their medical records, see 
who is dead, who is alive, who has can-
cer, and who doesn’t. Then, we can de-
termine if it is safe—60 years. 
That is an unwinnable argument, 
with that standard put up, and I said 
so. This was a 4.5-hour debate with a 
Dutch scientist, by the way. Then I 
said: There has to be a better way, an-
other way. You are locking our product 
out of your countries, the entire Euro-
pean Union, 500 million people locking 
our agriculture products out and lock-
ing them out from the rest of the 
world, too, with trade protectionism. 
His answer was: Well, just label it, 
then, so that everybody knows what is 
there. 
I said: I am happy. Let’s label it. We 
have a deal. 
He said: No, we will label it. We will 
label it for you. 
I said: I know your label. It is skull 
and crossbones. You want to label it as 
something that nobody should eat. 
We have been consuming this product 
for a long, long time, and I don’t know 
that we could feed the world if we 
didn’t use the science. 
I have long had a couple of ears of 
corn in my man cave. One of them is an 
ear of corn that came from an 1848 
open-pollinated variety that came over 
across the prairie in a covered wagon 
that was planted there. No sophisti-
cated hybrid of any kind; it was the old 
corn. And that ear is pretty nice. It is 
about that long, and it has 24 rows of 
kernels around it. The next ear that is 
stabbed above it is one from the 2015 
crop that has 18 rows of kernels around 
it. 
The old one, from 1848, that looks 
even better than the one from 2015, 
yielded only between 15 and 25 bushels 
to the acre. The newer ear of corn, 
stabbed above it, yielded 232 bushels to 
the acre, 10 times the production be-
cause of the science that we brought to 
this. 
It isn’t just the genetics. It is the 
technology, 
the 
mechanical 
tech-
nology, too, and it is management. But 
you put that all together—and, of 
course, fertilization as well and weed 
control—we have gone 10 times—we 
have multiplied the corn yield by a fac-
tor of 10. 
Science has been a great big part of 
that, and the European Union is lock-
ing out a lot of the science that is feed-
ing a lot of the rest of the world. 
So, I want into that marketplace. I 
want to tear down those trade protec-
tion barriers and let our American pro-
ducers 
market 
into 
the 
European 
Union. That is one of the biggest rea-
sons that I have been a strong sup-
porter of Brexit. I promoted it wher-
ever I could go, dropped into the U.K. a 
few times to do so as well. 
Another one of the barriers is geo-
graphic 
indicators, 
like 
parmesan 
cheese. We are not supposed to label 
anything 
parmesan 
cheese 
because 
there is a place in Italy called Parma 
where they started making cheese that 
is or is similar to that which we call 
parmesan cheese. That is one of the ge-
ographic indicators. There are many, 
all put up, in my view, to protect the 
producers in the European Union from 
the trade competition outside. 
Nigel Farage sees that. He has seen 
that for a long time, not so much for 
the interest in our agriculture, but the 
interest of the constraints that come 
down on the member states of the Eu-
ropean Union and how their sov-
ereignty is sacrificed to Brussels and 
how Brussels then lords it over the 
members of the European Union. Nigel 
Farage started that effort, and he has 
been at it nearly 30 years. 
When he came to the United States 
and gave the speech on July 15, 2015, he 
made some excellent and strong points. 
He is far more versed on it than I am, 
and he always will be. 
But here is just a current piece of it 
then in 2015. We have a referendum in 
18 months. He says that UKIP has com-
pletely changed the debate. UKIP will 
either be—this is just so important, I 
think, to contemplate, Madam Speak-
er. He said UKIP—meaning the vote, 
the Brexit vote—will either be a foot-
note in history, or we will have done 
something the schoolchildren will read 
about. 
I wrote that down in red ink in that 
time nearly 5 years ago: We will have 
done something that will either be a 
footnote in history, or we will have 
done 
something 
that 
the 
school-
children will read about. 
Something happened that the school-
children will read about. That is cer-
tain. That was the Brexit vote that 
took place 3.5 years ago on June 23, 
2016. 
I happened to be in London at that 
time. I didn’t go there for that purpose. 
It was happenstance. I actually had a 
meeting scheduled on June 24 with 
Theresa May, who was then Home Sec-
retary. I went into that meeting with 
her. It lasted probably 30 minutes or a 
little more. 
They had just gotten the vote in, ac-
tually, at 3 o’clock in the morning, 
June 24, which is the time that they 
concluded that the Brexit vote was all 
in, all done, and the British had voted 
to pull themselves out of the European 
Union. I am there maybe 12 hours 
later, maybe a little less. 
Theresa May was a very nice lady, 
but I will say she seemed a little dis-
tracted. She didn’t know that she was 
a candidate or was going to be a can-
didate for Prime Minister. She didn’t 
know in about 3 weeks she would be 
the Prime Minister. 
But we talked about trade. We talked 
about the things of common interest. 
We went to the agenda that I came 
there to talk about, and I walked out 
of there thinking I knew that she had 
a chance to become the Prime Min-
ister. I was very impressed with her. I 
know that I said to people at the time: 
I hope she can become another Mar-
garet Thatcher. 
I tried to help. I also know, Madam 
Speaker, that then-President Barack 
Obama at that time, on, say, June 24, 
2016, had said that prior to the Brexit 
vote—and I believe in an attempt to 
alter the results that may otherwise 
come—said if the British vote to pull 
out of the EU, if they vote Brexit, they 
will go to the back of the queue in 
trade negotiations. 
That day, June 24, 2016, I said to The-
resa May: You voted to pull out of EU. 
I want to see you go to the front of the 
queue on trade negotiations. 
She agreed with me. At that point— 
you know, often you talk to people, 
and you think maybe they are not lis-
tening or something more important 
replaces that piece in their memory. 
The following February, then-Prime 
Minister Theresa May came to the 
United States, and I believe we met in 
Philadelphia. She walked across the 
room over to me and reminded me of 
what I had said that day, the day after 
the Brexit vote—actually, technically, 
the day of the Brexit conclusion. She 
said: Do you remember what you said 
to me? 
I said: Yes. I said that I want to see 
the United Kingdom go to the front of 
the queue on trade negotiations, not 
the back of the queue. 
She said: Yes, and we want to go to 
the front of the queue. 
Well, the 2016 election had taken 
place by then. Donald Trump had been 
inaugurated 
as 
President 
just 
the 
month before, so we were able to start 
that discussion but not able to have 
formal trade negotiations because the 
U.K. was still in that constellation of 
European Union nation-states. 
They didn’t formally get themselves 
out. It was just a vote that said to get 
out. I don’t believe that Theresa May 
ever believed that it was the right 
thing to do, for the U.K. to pull out of 
the EU. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:53 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00157
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K28FE7.049
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 156-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1412 
February 28, 2020 
Three years went by, more than 3 
years went by, 3.5 years went by. 
Through that period of time, it looked 
like Nigel Farage had won at the begin-
ning, when the vote came down. They 
more or less just packaged up the UKIP 
party, because it had served its func-
tion. 
Wouldn’t that be a great thing to see 
here in the United States? We have 
these 
nongovernment 
organizations 
that came to work here to get certain 
things done, and once they accom-
plished them, if they would just sack 
up their bats and go home and say we 
got done what we came here to do? 
They tend to find another mission in 
order to keep themselves viable. 
Nigel Farage didn’t do that. He said: 
Okay, we are going home. We got the 
job done. We voted; we won the elec-
tion; and we are coming out of the Eu-
ropean Union. 
b 1300 
But it didn’t work that way because 
Theresa May kept trying to bring a 
proposal for a conclusion that satisfied 
all of the parties involved. That meant 
you had to satisfy Jean-Paul Jonker; 
you had to satisfy the majority vote in 
the European Union Parliament; and 
you had to satisfy a majority of the 
people in the United Kingdom. 
They got kicked back and forth, back 
and forth, several proposals, and they 
were rejected time and again; but, in 
the end, the frustration grew, and 
Nigel Farage concluded that he had to 
go back to work again. 
So he went back to work and, this 
time, formed another party, and that is 
called the Brexit Party. They elected 
people again to office in the United 
Kingdom and brought the votes up to 
the point where they could be success-
ful, and they swept in and they were 
successful. Nigel Farage put his sup-
port behind Boris Johnson because 
Boris’ commitment was to complete 
the departure of the U.K. from the EU. 
So, with all of that, it actually did 
happen, Madam Speaker, and it hap-
pened on the last day of January this 
year. So it is just about a month ago 
today that the U.K. was formally sev-
ered from the European Union. 
And I will say that, just observing 
this, Nigel Farage was the key player 
in 
actually 
removing 
two 
British 
Prime Ministers from office. The sec-
ond one, of course, was Theresa May, 
whom I personally like but I just don’t 
believe 
was 
committed 
enough 
or 
strong enough to accomplish that 
which Boris Johnson did accomplish 
just about a month ago today. 
So now we are at a place where we 
can get serious about trade negotia-
tions with the United Kingdom. I am 
one who favors a strong trade agree-
ment with them that perhaps has bene-
fits that are leaning toward the United 
Kingdom so that they can get a good 
jump start in the severing that has 
taken place in their relationship with 
Brussels and something that would 
phase down, perhaps, over 5 years. 
And whenever there is a trade agree-
ment, like any business transaction, it 
has to be beneficial to both parties. If 
we trade dollars, Madam Speaker, I 
would hope that you would have a rea-
son to do that that pleases and benefits 
you, and I would have a reason to do 
that that pleases and benefits me. That 
is business. And if it is billions of dol-
lars, if it is even trillions of dollars, 
those exchanges need to be profitable 
to both parties. 
But I am happy if we can help the 
United Kingdom have a smooth glide 
path out of the European Union and as-
cend in a successful economy. 
I just cannot congratulate Nigel 
Farage enough for the personal accom-
plishment that he has led. And he has 
said carefully and, I will say, repet-
itively: But you are only leading is all 
you are doing. You have got to have 
the people. You got to have the work-
ers. You have got to have the volun-
teers. 
And they came to the streets of the 
United Kingdom, and they walked the 
streets, and they put door hangers on, 
and they made phone calls, and they 
mobilized that country. In mobilizing 
the country, they were able to bring 
forth the vote that separated the 
United Kingdom. 
So when I look at extraordinary fig-
ures in history, extraordinary figures 
like, let’s say, Winston Churchill or 
Franklin Delano Roosevelt, who was a 
terrific wartime President, and then 
also Dwight Eisenhower, who was also 
a terrific wartime general—we could go 
through Patton. We could go on and on 
about the leaders. 
But how many people in civilian life 
start on a mission because they have a 
conviction, and that conviction drives 
them through three decades, three dec-
ades of being humiliated or being joked 
about, being snickered about behind 
his back, but standing up always and 
delivering the clarity of the facts and 
the patriotism that is necessary for 
that success with the departure from 
the EU by the U.K.? 
Nigel Farage is an extraordinary in-
dividual in history. I have had the 
privilege of meeting some extraor-
dinary individuals in history, and Mar-
garet Thatcher is among them. I am 
extraordinarily impressed with her, 
Ronald Reagan, Pope John Paul, and, 
to a lesser degree, Gorbachev. But that 
network brought about the fall of the 
wall, and this is the beginning of how a 
rearrangement across Europe is taking 
place. 
I will say, also, it is tough for Poland 
to be under the yoke of the European 
Union. It is tough for Hungary to be 
under the yoke of the European Union. 
It is tough for Italy. It is tough for 
Greece to try to match up and be com-
patible with Germany, for example. 
When I see these small countries that 
need a trade agreement and they have 
to get all the other countries to agree 
on that trade agreement and the men-
tality is ‘‘we are going to have protec-
tionism,’’ then you are not going to get 
to a trade agreement if you have pro-
tectionism. 
Also, a couple of days ago, I sat down 
with just an extraordinary group of 
conservative leaders within the Euro-
pean 
Parliament, 
scattered 
across 
eight or nine or so of the countries out 
of the European Union, and I see the 
vision that they see, and it is a vision 
that moves toward they want govern-
ments that represent we, the people. 
They are tired of elitists. They are 
tired of globalists. They are tired of 
being constrained by regulators and 
taxers that are just, I will say, taking 
care of expanding their empires. They 
want we, the people to have the say, 
and they want government to benefit 
we, the people. And, boy, does that fit 
with me, Madam Speaker. 
I am quite pleased that we get to cel-
ebrate a tremendous victory for an in-
dividual that, for over the course of 
three decades, kept the ideal in place 
and, when they got to the vote 31⁄2 
years ago and they more or less moth- 
balled the part of the UKIP party be-
cause they accomplished what they set 
about doing, then they found out after-
wards, a year-and-a-half or so later, 
came to the conclusion that it wasn’t 
going to happen under Theresa May, 
started up a new party, the Brexit 
Party, won the elections necessary 
there, and threw the support behind 
Boris Johnson because Boris Johnson 
said, months ago: I will get the U.K. 
out by January 31 of 2020. 
He followed through on his word. 
Nigel Farage followed through on his 
word. And I would say that we have 
brethren 
now 
across 
the 
Atlantic 
Ocean that have raised their head up 
now for freedom and for the voice of 
we, the people. 
And I remarked in our private con-
versation, as we were talking about 
Winston Churchill, the breadth around 
the world that the English language 
has gone. 
Madam Speaker, years and years ago, 
when I read Winston Churchill’s book, 
‘‘A History of the English-Speaking 
Peoples,’’ I read through that book 
carefully, kind of forward and back and 
studied it, and I would think about 
what I had read the night before at my 
work during the day. 
You have to understand, I had a job 
that wasn’t intellectually stimulating 
at the time. So I would digest what 
Churchill had written and thought 
about what it meant. 
But when I finally finished the book, 
I remember laying it on my chest and 
looking up at the ceiling and think-
ing—Churchill didn’t write this in ‘‘A 
History of the English-Speaking Peo-
ples,’’ but the conclusion is clearly 
there if you think about it when you 
read though the book. 
The English language traveled all 
around the world, and wherever the 
English language went, it was accom-
panied by freedom. And it was also ac-
companied by free enterprise and a 
structure of government and a rule of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:53 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00158
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K28FE7.051
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 157-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1413 
February 28, 2020 
law; and with all of that came an orga-
nization that brought about a work 
ethic. 
The British were able to take their 
language around the world and bring 
with it the values that came out of 
that island that has contributed so 
much to the well-being of this planet. 
We are the little brothers, so to speak, 
of that. 
And so, because America was founded 
on those values, founded on that lan-
guage and founded on free enterprise 
capitalism, Judeo-Christian values, the 
rule of law, old English common law, it 
was like a giant petri dish just laid 
here waiting to spring forth this God- 
given liberty that we enjoy in this 
country today. 
When I go down to Jamestown and 
walk into that church right on the 
shore where they landed there in 1607, 
you walk inside that old church—it is 
actually built a little bit outside of the 
original foundation that was put in 
place then—there is a sign, a plaque on 
the wall. If you stand and look at that 
wall, you are looking out—if there had 
been a window instead of a plaque, you 
would be looking across the Atlantic 
Ocean toward England. And it says: 
Here, on this land, in 1607, English 
common law came to the New World. 
That common law exists within our 
country today. That foundation of 
common law is not only rooted in our 
Constitution and our Declaration, it is 
traceable back to England. It is trace-
able back to the Magna Carta. It is 
traceable back to Rome and traced 
back to Greece, and it is traced back to 
Moses himself. 
That is the legacy that was brought 
to this country: Judeo-Christian values 
rooted in the rule of law. And, in fact, 
some of that that came out of Roman 
law is the right to face your accusers 
and the principle that you are innocent 
until proven guilty. 
And there is another principle, too. If 
they don’t have a law to prosecute you 
under, then you have made no viola-
tion. They must cite the law. And, in 
some of my Biblical readings, I reflect 
upon that. 
When Jesus stood before Caiaphas, 
the high priest, and he was asked: Did 
you really say these things—I will par-
aphrase here a little bit, Madam 
Speaker. Did you say these things? Did 
you preach these things? 
And Jesus said: I taught openly in 
the synagogue. Everybody was there. 
All they had to do was listen to me. 
Ask them. They were there. They can 
tell you. 
And he pointed over at the Jews who 
were accusing him. And when that hap-
pened, the guards struck Jesus, and 
Jesus said—well, first, when he pointed 
over to the Jews, that was Jesus as-
serting his right to face his accusers. 
We all have that right in this coun-
try today to face our accusers. There is 
no anonymous accuser out there that 
has any validity, unless, of course, you 
are a hidden whistleblower that is lined 
up to try to remove the President of 
the United States. 
And there are a few other, I will say, 
unknown 
accusers. 
Some 
of 
them 
didn’t come forward very well when 
they were making accusations against 
Brett Kavanaugh. 
But, in the end, we have a principle 
in this country: Bring those people for-
ward. If you can’t stand up and, under 
oath, make an assertion, an allegation 
that is credible, that is supported by 
evidence, there is no charge that can be 
brought against an individual based on 
an anonymous assertion. 
Jesus had a right to face his accus-
ers. He asserted that right. And when 
he did, the guards struck Jesus because 
they 
believed 
his 
response 
was 
insulant, disrespectful. And Jesus said: 
If I have spoken wrongly, you must 
prove the wrong. But if I have spoken 
rightly, why do you punish me? Why do 
you strike me? 
That was Jesus asserting his right 
that he is innocent until proven guilty: 
If I have spoken wrongly, you must 
prove the wrong. 
That is America, too. The legacy 
goes back all the way from, actually, 
before Jesus into Roman law and all 
the way up to our times today, through 
English common law that landed just 
down the coastline here in 1607 with 
the pioneers that came in at that time, 
with the settlers that came in at that 
time. 
That is two of the principles. 
And the third one is the requirement 
that a violation must be cited in law, 
and that was St. Paul. He stood before 
Festus, the governor, and said: If I 
have offended thee for any reason for 
which I should be put to death, tell me 
what that is. Show me your rule. Show 
me your law. And if you have no law, 
you have no way to punish me for some 
law that doesn’t exist. 
Those principles are in our law 
today. They are not, Madam Speaker, 
necessarily in the rules of the Repub-
lican Conference, I can tell you that, as 
none of those things were allowed for 
me. I wasn’t presented any right to 
face my accusers. In fact, I don’t have 
an accuser, not one out of 330 million 
people. And there is no rule that I have 
been cited as violating or even think-
ing about circumventing, let alone vio-
late a law. 
It turns out that there have been four 
Members of Congress in all of history 
since 1789 that have been removed from 
their committees. Three of them are 
convicted Federal felons, and then 
there is me—no rule. 
b 1315 
Simply, it was an orchestrated media 
firestorm that got the political lynch 
mobs’ blood up, and they decided the 
best way to do that was to do what 
they did. And it has got to be rectified, 
Madam Speaker. We cannot have a 
standard in this country that says that 
one person in leadership, or even if 
that one person can demagogue the 
rest of them, can diminish or deny the 
representation of a duly-elected mem-
ber of Congress. But that is what has 
happened, and it must be rectified, and 
it must be rectified soon. 
Madam Speaker, I honor the life of 
Phil Haney. I honor the accomplish-
ments and the continuing life of Nigel 
Farage. I honor the rule of law, the his-
tory, and the legacy that we are as a 
country, and the values that must be 
protected, preserved, and maintained. 
It is so important that we identify, rec-
ognize, and refurbish the pillars of 
American exceptionalism, the legacy 
that comes from Western civilization 
rooted clear back to Moses and Mosaic 
Law through the Greeks and their age 
of reason and their rationale that laid 
the foundation for science and ulti-
mately for technology. 
I thank the Romans, as I said, for 
their rule of law but also the Repub-
lican form of government, which is 
guaranteed in our Constitution, that 
representative form of government be-
cause we the people can’t all get into 
one gathering like a Greek city-state 
and argue this out. We have to have 
people that speak for us. And the wis-
dom of this construction of our Con-
stitution puts this all together in the 
best balance that can be contrived. 
They always knew that there would 
be tension between the three branches 
of government, but they wrote that in 
such a way that that gray area would 
be struggled over, and if the executive 
branch got too powerful, then the 
House of Representatives starts all 
spending bills, so we constrain the ex-
ecutive branch through the appropria-
tion process. 
Then if we are too hot-blooded here 
in 
the 
House, 
which 
that 
hot- 
bloodedness is one of the reasons I am 
here today, the Senate with 6-year 
terms cools that in that saucer. So 
that wisdom is there. 
And if the judicial branch gets out of 
hand, then the confirmation process in 
the United States Senate slowly ratch-
ets that back. 
They had that balance put together 
in a beautiful way knowing that we are 
human beings and we are not always 
going to honor the intention that is in 
the Constitution, because we each have 
our political and our personal desires 
that distort that gray area in between 
the three branches of government. 
By the way, they didn’t see the judi-
cial branch of government as the most 
powerful branch of government; they 
saw it as the weakest of the three 
branches of government. And now has 
asserted itself—and this Congress has 
allowed them and so has the executive, 
to a degree, to be stronger than they 
were designed to be. 
But in the end, in these difficulties, 
when there is tension between these 
three branches of government between 
the executive and the legislative and 
the judicial branch of government, our 
Founding Fathers constructed it in 
such a way that the election changes 
things. The election changes we the 
people, and we the people change the 
course. 
For example, if the President gets 
out of hand, the executive branch gets 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:53 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00159
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K28FE7.053
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 158-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1414 
February 28, 2020 
out of hand, the House of Representa-
tives reacts quickly. When they passed 
ObamaCare through the House of Rep-
resentatives and through the Senate, 
and some of it was admitted, even by 
those who voted for it, as by hook, 
crook, and legislative shenanigans, but 
when that happened, the American peo-
ple rose up. And in that 2010 election, 
they removed 62 seats over here and 
put 62 new seats over here with a new 
majority and a mandate to repeal 
ObamaCare. And the first steps that 
needed to be taken were to cut off all 
funding 
to 
implement 
or 
enforce 
ObamaCare. I led on that. I advocated 
for that. I fought for that for a decade, 
and now it is back before the court, the 
remnants of what is left. 
I offered, Madam Speaker, the full re-
peal 
of 
ObamaCare 
almost 
imme-
diately. I was writing that repeal while 
Barack Obama was signing the bill, and 
I brought the discharge petition nearly 
immediately as well, and we got almost 
every Republican to sign on it in 2010. 
Since that time, at least four times, 
the full 100 percent rip-it-out-by-the- 
roots repeal of ObamaCare has passed 
the House of Representatives. And 
some 80 to 84 times parts of ObamaCare 
that are part of the bill that I drafted 
has passed the House of Representa-
tives. Multiple times it has been passed 
through the Senate and signed by the 
President that has gotten rid of the in-
dividual mandate, for example, and a 
number of other components of a bad 
bill. 
The American people rose up. They 
changed the majorities here in the 
House of Representatives. They gave 
the authority to put the brakes on 
ObamaCare over here to the House. We 
didn’t put the brakes on it well enough. 
We should have shut off all funding to 
implement or enforce ObamaCare and 
done that in January or February of 
2011, and when we didn’t, people began 
to wonder if we were really serious 
about repealing ObamaCare. 
Over time there were struggles and, I 
will say, plenty of them. We had a gov-
ernment shutdown in October of 2013 
that was also rooted in trying to shut 
off the funding to implement or enforce 
ObamaCare. That failed. Subsequent to 
that, we had Speaker Ryan write a bill 
that was a replacement for ObamaCare 
and a partial repeal, which was adver-
tised as a full repeal of ObamaCare. Re-
peal and replace. It was a tactical error 
in my view, Madam Speaker. We should 
have simply repealed ObamaCare as a 
standalone piece of legislation and 
then went to work to put the fixes in, 
not with a complicated bill that today 
nobody can explain from memory. I 
mean, nobody. Not even the author can 
explain it from memory without hav-
ing to go back to the paperwork and 
get boned up on it. But we needed to 
bring those changes in healthcare and 
health insurance policy that were log-
ical, that were clear, that were like 
rifle shots. 
For example, sell insurance across 
State lines. Make those amendments to 
the McCarran-Ferguson Act so that the 
States would not be able to set up 
quasi-monopolies with insurance com-
panies at the behest of those companies 
within their own States. So that in 
Iowa I could buy a health insurance 
policy from Arizona, or Kentucky, or 
Mississippi, or wherever it might be. 
Insurance across State lines. 
The reimportation of prescription 
drugs, Madam Speaker, to cut the cost 
of drugs by simply bringing them back 
into the United States at the prices 
that they are being sold for in our 
neighboring Canada, for example. That 
is two things. 
The third one is full, 100 percent de-
ductibility of everybody’s health insur-
ance premium. That is an essential 
piece. When we had the mandate in 
place, there were 20.9 million people in 
this country that were compelled to 
buy health insurance by law with after- 
tax dollars, which is roughly double 
the cost of what you are going to pay 
with before-tax dollars. 
And so employers could write off the 
health insurance policies. If you are a 
corporation, you can write that off. If 
you are a sole proprietorship and you 
hadn’t incorporated, you were buying 
your health insurance with after-tax 
dollars. 
So let’s say you make $100,000 a year, 
and you pay your taxes, and now you 
have got $50,000 left. That adds sales 
tax, property tax, gas tax, and income 
tax, State and Federal. Those kind of 
taxes and more adds up to roughly 50 
percent. So you make $100,000 a year, 
you have got $50,000 left over, and you 
have got a $24,000 premium that you 
have to pay on your health insurance 
mandated in the past by ObamaCare. 
So there is $24,000 gone. And we know 
what is left if you are doing the math, 
Madam Speaker. You have $26,000 left 
to feed your family, send your kids to 
college, buy a new car, pay the mort-
gage, and all of the bills that come in. 
That took too much money out of peo-
ple’s pocket. They needed to be able to 
deduct that so that it could be a busi-
ness expense to them as it is to the 
competition that the sole proprietor-
ships had. 
So the family farm, the mom-and-pop 
operations, the little restaurant run by 
mom, dad, and the kids, they were pun-
ished. And if you look back over the 
last decade or a little more, we are 
hard-pressed to go find those little 
mom-and-pop 
restaurants 
anymore, 
those little gas stations anymore, 
those family farms. The acres have 
grown, the numbers of farms have 
shrunk, and the mom and dad that are 
on the farm working together as a fam-
ily and raising their kids with a work 
ethic and a faith ethic and a family 
unity ethic don’t exist very much ei-
ther, because one of those two almost 
has to go to town and get a job where 
the health insurance for the family is 
provided. They can’t afford to pay it 
out of the proceeds sitting out on the 
farm because it is not deductible. The 
premiums are not deductible under 
normal business structure unless you 
incorporate and become a chapter S or 
a C corporation. 
So those are some of the things that 
went wrong here. But the drive to get 
it right is set up for the balance be-
tween the three branches of govern-
ment. The House of Representatives 
didn’t get as far as we should have 
gone, but the American people gave us 
a mandate to do that. We didn’t do all 
that they called upon us to do. And so 
they called some of us back home 
again, replaced those seats, and set the 
majority back over here. 
Now we are in the second year of that 
majority. We will find out in November 
of this year how pleased the American 
people are with the progress that ei-
ther has or hasn’t been made, depend-
ing upon your opinion. It goes back and 
forth in the House of Representatives. 
It goes back and forth in the Senate. 
If the Supreme Court gets out of line, 
the Senate can shut down and change 
and refuse to confirm appointments to 
all the Federal courts, but also to the 
Supreme Court of the United States. 
And it is possible, although I believe it 
has never happened, that if the House 
has reached a very high level of dis-
agreement with the Supreme Court, 
the House could shut funding down in 
the Supreme Court. 
In fact, I had this discussion, Madam 
Speaker, with Justice Scalia during 
the vigorous times of his glorious life, 
and I said to him, As I read the Con-
stitution, since the Constitution re-
quires there be a Supreme Court, the 
Congress 
can 
reduce 
the 
Supreme 
Court down to the Chief Justice at his 
own card table with his own candle, no 
staff. And when I presented that to 
Justice Scalia in a Conservative Oppor-
tunity breakfast of about 40 people, 
and I did that more or less to tweak 
him a little bit and see how the glint in 
his eye would work. And his response 
back to my constitutional analysis 
was, I would argue that you could do 
all of that, but you could only reduce it 
down to three justices, not one, be-
cause otherwise there wouldn’t be any 
reason for a Chief Justice. And my an-
swer was, Well, there has always been 
too many chiefs and not enough Indi-
ans. The man had a tremendous sense 
of humor, a robust way of living life, 
and he wrote his opinions in a delight-
ful, entertaining way for the very pur-
pose that law students would read 
them and remember them. He has im-
pacted our jurisprudence and will, I 
think, for centuries. I love the man, 
Justice Scalia. 
But in the end, Congress does have 
that authority whether to reduce that 
Supreme Court down, and so if we did 
that, it would send a signal, and if you 
coupled that with appointments to the 
court, you can see how the judicial 
branch of government would be turned 
around, not by the House of Represent-
atives or the United States Senate, but 
in the end, as our Founding Fathers en-
visioned it, by we the people. 
We the people make the final deci-
sions in this. We the people will go to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:53 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00160
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K28FE7.054
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 159-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1415 
February 28, 2020 
the polls and the primaries coming out. 
We the people, we will hear very quick-
ly from South Carolina and then on 
Super Tuesday we the people will send 
a directive on who is most likely to be 
the nominee in each of the parties. 
Then as we get to November after the 
conventions and the formal nomina-
tions of our Presidential candidates 
and after the primaries in the States so 
the nominees for each of the seats, all 
of them up here in the House of Rep-
resentatives and the one-third of them 
that are up over there in the United 
States Senate, Madam Speaker, go to 
the polls in November and make that 
selection. And please believe, that se-
lection is the voice of we the people. 
And when we the people have spoken, 
we have a right to demand that this 
Congress follow through on the man-
dates as we perceive them. They aren’t 
always clear is why I say, ‘‘as we per-
ceive them.’’ 
But it was really clear that our job 
was to repeal ObamaCare. We didn’t 
get that done. And part of that is a dis-
appointment that brought about the 
change of majority in the House of 
Representatives. 
So I have great reverence for the pil-
lars of American exceptionalism. Most 
of them are within the Bill of Rights. 
Think of it this way, Madam Speak-
er: Ronald Reagan spoke about the 
shining city on the Hill, and as he 
spoke about that, I could never quite 
get that image in my mind. It didn’t 
quite settle. How do you build a shin-
ing city on the Hill? It became a moun-
tain, as I looked at it in my mind’s eye. 
It is tough to do the construction of 
that and build a city out there with all 
those variables involved. So I have in-
stead constructed in my mind and my 
imagination a shining city built on the 
pillars of American exceptionalism. 
And 
those 
pillars 
of 
American 
exceptionalism, most of them are al-
ready in the Bill of Rights. 
Think of a city out there that is built 
on these pillars, driven down to bed-
rock, the bedrock of human nature and 
by the hand of God. Freedom of speech 
is a pillar. Freedom of religion is a pil-
lar. Freedom of the press is another 
pillar. Freedom of assembly is another 
pillar. Those things frame the circle 
around the outside edge of this shining 
city built upon the pillars of American 
exceptionalism. No double jeopardy. 
Face a jury of your peers. The rule of 
law. Face a jury of your peers. And 
then the protection against unreason-
able search and seizure, that is there. 
Property rights that are built within 
it. The Fifth Amendment, nor shall pri-
vate property be taken for public use 
without just compensation, another 
pillar of American exceptionalism. 
b 1330 
You can put all of these together, 
and then you have a series of pillars 
around the perimeter. But one central 
pillar needs to be the rule of law. An-
other central pillar needs to be free en-
terprise capitalism. 
I have described the foundation that 
made America great. That foundation 
is under attack every day in our uni-
versities. For example, our universities 
are teaching socialism, which is a nice 
word 
for 
communism, 
Marxism, 
Maoism. That is being taught in uni-
versities across this country every day 
to our young children, impressionable, 
going off with the idea that they were 
going to get this profound education, 
and they are educated in something 
that is anathema to the history of the 
United States or to the success of the 
United States of America. 
I want to see the universities teach 
freedom, free enterprise, the rule of 
law, 
the 
pillars 
of 
American 
exceptionalism, 
the 
foundations 
of 
Western civilization that have built 
the First World. 
Lest there be any mistake about it, 
there is nothing about anything I said 
here that has anything to do with race. 
I have said this over and over again, 
Madam Speaker. It is not about race; it 
has never been about race. 
It is about culture. It is about civili-
zation. And we have to understand that 
there are things that we share in our 
history, a common history, a common 
effort, maybe a common enemy, but a 
common cause that pulls us together, a 
common language that ties us to-
gether. 
The most powerful unifying force 
known to all humanity throughout all 
history is the ability to speak in the 
same language and communicate with 
each other. That pulls us together. It 
doesn’t divide us apart. It pulls us to-
gether. 
It is good when we have more people 
who can speak multiple languages be-
cause we want to communicate with 
the maximum number of people and 
understand them, but you can do it 
quickly with common language, and 
that is a powerful force. 
A common defense, a common geog-
raphy, a common history, a common 
cause, a common set of likes and dis-
likes, a common set of even diets and 
clothing and the things we like about 
music and play, all the things that 
have to do with our culture and our 
movies and our sports, all of those 
things pull us together. And they are 
reflective of the American civilization, 
and they are precious. They are pre-
cious to us, and the rest of the world 
wants to grasp them and retain them 
and hold them as well. 
It is not about race. It has never been 
about race. It is about culture. It is 
about civilization. It is about enhanc-
ing this Western civilization, for which 
the United States of America is the 
flagship, is today the flagship for West-
ern civilization. 
We can welcome all peoples into this 
belief system that we have, and any 
baby that could be born and put into a 
crib in any place in the world can be 
lifted out of that crib, brought here, 
raised in America as an American, and 
they are as American as anybody else. 
I went over to do a naturalization 
ceremony with Emilio Gonzalez a num-
ber of years ago, who was a naturalized 
citizen from Cuba, and he was also the 
director at USCIS at the time. I gave a 
speech to about 70 to 90 new Ameri-
cans. He gave one, too. 
I liked his better than mine because 
there in the Old Executive Office Build-
ing, it was in the summertime and the 
windows were open, and he said: When 
this service is over, I want you to walk 
over to that window and look out that 
window, which looks out on the White 
House itself, the South Lawn and the 
west side of the White House. 
And he said: Look at that house next 
door and know that, from this day for-
ward, the person who lives in that 
house next door is no more American 
than you are. 
That is the spirit of the America that 
we are. Those are the values that we 
are built upon. 
There is a greatness ahead of us, but 
we have to stop bickering and stop di-
viding each other and pull ourselves to-
gether and understand this Constitu-
tion is a beautiful document. If prop-
erly executed, it will take good people 
as far as good people could ever go. 
We are setting the pace for the First 
World, and we would like to see the 
rest of the world come together and 
also become First World. 
We know the standards. We need to 
be proud of them, protect them, and re-
furbish 
the 
pillars 
of 
American 
exceptionalism. 
I will close with this, Madam Speak-
er. This is by memory, not in my notes. 
But I remember Nigel Farage saying: 
We have to have the courage to define 
and defend our civilization. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
f 
PUBLICATION OF COMMITTEE 
RULES 
REVISION TO THE RULES OF THE COMMITTEE ON 
TRANSPORTATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE FOR 
THE 116TH CONGRESS 
COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND 
INFRASTRUCTURE, HOUSE OF REP-
RESENTATIVES, 
Washington, DC, February 26, 2020. 
Hon. NANCY PELOSI, 
Speaker, House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR MADAM SPEAKER: Pursuant to Rule 
XI, Clause 2(a) of the Rules of the House of 
Representatives, I respectfully submit re-
vised rules of the 116th Congress for the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure for publication in the Congres-
sional Record. The Committee adopted a re-
vision to these rules by voice vote, with a 
quorum being present, at a Committee meet-
ing held on February 26, 2020. 
Sincerely, 
PETER A. DEFAZIO, 
Chairman. 
RULE I. GENERAL PROVISIONS 
(a) APPLICABILITY OF HOUSE RULES.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Rules of the House 
are the rules of the Committee and its sub-
committees so far as applicable, except that 
a motion to recess from day to day, and a 
motion to dispense with the first reading (in 
full) of a bill or resolution, if printed copies 
are available, are non-debatable privileged 
motions in the Committee and its sub-
committees. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:53 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00161
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K28FE7.055
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 160-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1416 
February 28, 2020 
(2) SUBCOMMITTEES.—Each subcommittee is 
part of the Committee, and is subject to the 
authority and direction of the Committee 
and its rules so far as applicable. 
(3) INCORPORATION OF HOUSE RULE ON COM-
MITTEE PROCEDURE.—Rule XI of the Rules of 
the House, which pertains entirely to Com-
mittee procedure, is incorporated and made 
a part of the rules of the Committee to the 
extent applicable. Pursuant to clause 2(a)(3) 
of Rule XI of the Rules of the House, the 
Chair of the Committee is authorized to offer 
a motion under clause 1 of Rule XXII of the 
Rules of the House whenever the Chair con-
siders it appropriate. 
(b) PUBLICATION
OF RULES.—Pursuant to 
clause 2(a) of Rule XI of the Rules of the 
House, the Committee’s rules shall be pub-
licly available in electronic form and pub-
lished in the Congressional Record not later 
than 60 days after the Chair is elected in 
each odd-numbered year. 
(c) VICE CHAIR.—The Chair shall appoint a 
vice chair of the Committee and of each sub-
committee. If the Chair of the Committee or 
subcommittee is not present at any meeting 
of the Committee or subcommittee, as the 
case may be, the vice chair shall preside. If 
the vice chair is not present, the ranking 
member of the majority party on the Com-
mittee or subcommittee who is present shall 
preside at that meeting. 
RULE II. REGULAR, ADDITIONAL, AND SPECIAL 
MEETINGS 
(a) REGULAR MEETINGS.—Regular meetings 
of the Committee shall be held on the last 
Wednesday of every month to transact its 
business unless such day is a holiday, or the 
House is in recess or is adjourned, in which 
case the Chair shall determine the regular 
meeting day of the Committee for that 
month. A regular meeting of the Committee 
may be dispensed with if, in the judgment of 
the Chair, there is no need for the meeting. 
This paragraph shall not apply to meetings 
of any subcommittee. 
(b) ADDITIONAL MEETINGS.—The Chair may 
call and convene, as he or she considers nec-
essary, additional meetings of the Com-
mittee for the consideration of any bill or 
resolution pending before the Committee or 
for the conduct of other committee business. 
The Committee shall meet for such purpose 
pursuant to the call of the Chair. 
(c) SPECIAL MEETINGS.—If at least three 
members of the Committee desire that a spe-
cial meeting of the Committee be called by 
the Chair, those members may file in the of-
fices of the Committee their written request 
to the Chair for that special meeting. Such 
request shall specify the measure or matter 
to be considered. Immediately upon the fil-
ing of the request, the clerk of the Com-
mittee shall notify the Chair of the filing of 
the request. If, within 3 calendar days after 
the filing of the request, the Chair does not 
call the requested special meeting to be held 
within 7 calendar days after the filing of the 
request, a majority of the members of the 
Committee may file in the offices of the 
Committee their written notice that a spe-
cial meeting of the Committee will be held, 
specifying the date and hour thereof, and the 
measure or matter to be considered at that 
special meeting. The Committee shall meet 
on that date and hour. Immediately upon the 
filing of the notice, the clerk of the Com-
mittee shall notify all members of the Com-
mittee that such meeting will be held and in-
form them of its date and hour and the meas-
ure or matter to be considered; and only the 
measure or matter specified in that notice 
may be considered at that special meeting. 
Such notice shall also be made publicly 
available in electronic form and shall be 
deemed to satisfy paragraph (d)(1). 
(d) NOTICE.— 
(1) MINIMUM
NOTICE
PERIOD.—Pursuant to 
clause 2(g)(3) of Rule XI of the Rules of the 
House, the Chair shall make a public an-
nouncement of the date, place, and subject 
matter of a Committee or subcommittee 
meeting, which may not commence earlier 
than the third calendar day (excluding Sat-
urdays, Sundays, or legal holidays except 
when the House is in session on such a day) 
on which members have notice thereof. 
(2) CHANGES IN MEETING TIMES.—A meeting 
may commence sooner than announced if the 
Chair, with concurrence of the ranking mi-
nority member, determines there is good 
cause to begin the meeting sooner or the 
Committee or subcommittee so determines 
by majority vote, a quorum being present for 
the transaction of business. The Chair shall 
make a public announcement of the meeting 
time change at the earliest possible oppor-
tunity. 
(3) NOTIFICATION OF DAILY DIGEST CLERK.— 
The clerk of the Committee shall notify the 
Daily Digest Clerk of the Congressional 
Record as soon as possible after a public an-
nouncement of a time change for a Com-
mittee or subcommittee meeting is made 
under this paragraph. 
(e) PROHIBITION ON SITTING DURING JOINT 
SESSION.—The Committee may not sit during 
a joint session of the House and Senate or 
during a recess when a joint meeting of the 
House and Senate is in progress. 
RULE III. MEETINGS AND HEARINGS GENERALLY 
(a) MINIMUM PERIOD FOR AVAILABILITY OF 
COMMITTEE
MARKUP
TEXT.—Pursuant 
to 
clause 2(g)(4) of Rule XI of the Rules of the 
House, the Chair shall make publicly avail-
able, in electronic form, the text of any leg-
islation to be marked up at least 24 hours 
prior to the commencement of a meeting for 
the markup of legislation, or at the time of 
a meeting announcement under paragraph 
(d)(2) of Committee Rule II if made within 24 
hours before such meeting. 
(b) OPEN MEETINGS.—Each meeting for the 
transaction of business, including the mark-
up of legislation, and each hearing of the 
Committee or a subcommittee shall be open 
to the public, except as provided by clause 
2(g) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House. 
(c) MEETINGS TO BEGIN PROMPTLY.—Each 
meeting or hearing of the Committee shall 
begin promptly at the time so stipulated in 
the public announcement of the meeting or 
hearing. 
(d) ADDRESSING THE COMMITTEE.—Except as 
provided under paragraph (e) of Committee 
Rule VI, a Committee member may address 
the Committee or a subcommittee on any 
bill, motion, or other matter under consider-
ation— 
(1) only when recognized by the Chair for 
that purpose; and 
(2) only for 5 minutes, or for a period of 
time designated by the Chair with concur-
rence of the ranking minority member, until 
such time as each member of the Committee 
or subcommittee who so desires has had an 
opportunity to address the Committee or 
subcommittee. 
A member shall be limited in his or her re-
marks to the subject matter under consider-
ation. The Chair shall enforce this para-
graph. 
(e) PARTICIPATION
OF
MEMBERS
IN
SUB-
COMMITTEE
MEETINGS
AND
HEARINGS.—All 
members of the Committee who are not 
members of a particular subcommittee may, 
by unanimous consent of the members of 
such subcommittee, participate in any sub-
committee meeting or hearing. However, a 
member who is not a member of the sub-
committee may not vote on any matter be-
fore the subcommittee, be counted for pur-
poses of establishing a quorum, or raise 
points of order. 
(f) MEMBER
DAY
HEARING.—Pursuant to 
section 103(j) of House Resolution 6, the 
Committee shall hold a hearing at which it 
receives testimony from members, delegates, 
and the Resident Commissioner on proposed 
legislation within the Committee’s jurisdic-
tion. 
(g) BROADCASTING.—Whenever a meeting 
for the transaction of business, including the 
markup of legislation, or a hearing is open to 
the public, that meeting or hearing shall be 
open to coverage by television, radio, and 
still photography in accordance with clause 4 
of Rule XI of the Rules of the House. Oper-
ation and use of any Committee Internet 
broadcast system shall be fair and non-
partisan and in accordance with clause 4(b) 
of Rule XI of the Rules of the House and all 
other applicable rules of the Committee and 
the House. Further, pursuant to clause 
2(e)(5) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House, 
the Committee shall provide audio and video 
coverage of each hearing or meeting for the 
transaction of business in a manner that al-
lows the public to easily listen to and view 
the proceedings. The Committee shall also 
maintain the recordings of such coverage in 
a manner that is easily accessible to the pub-
lic. 
(h) ACCESS TO THE DAIS AND LOUNGES.—Ac-
cess to the hearing rooms’ daises and to the 
lounges adjacent to the Committee hearing 
rooms shall be limited to Members of Con-
gress and employees of Congress during a 
meeting or hearing of the Committee unless 
specifically permitted by the Chair or rank-
ing minority member. 
(i) USE OF CELLULAR TELEPHONES.—During 
a hearing, mark-up, or other meeting of the 
Committee, ringing or audible sounds or con-
versational use of cellular telephones or 
other electronic devices is prohibited in the 
Committee room. 
(j) AVAILABILITY OF TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
IN
ELECTRONIC
FORM.—Pursuant to clause 
2(e) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House, not 
later than 24 hours after the adoption of any 
amendment to a measure or matter consid-
ered by the Committee, the Chair shall cause 
the text of the amendment to be made pub-
licly available in electronic form. 
RULE IV. POWER TO SIT AND ACT; POWER TO 
CONDUCT INVESTIGATIONS; OATHS; SUBPOENA 
POWER 
(a) AUTHORITY TO SIT AND ACT.—For the 
purpose of carrying out any of its functions 
and duties under Rules X and XI of the Rules 
of the House, the Committee and each of its 
subcommittees, is authorized (subject to 
paragraph (d)(l))— 
(1) to sit and act at such times and places 
within the United States whether the House 
is in session, has recessed, or has adjourned 
and to hold such hearings; and 
(2) to require, by subpoena or otherwise, 
the attendance and testimony of such wit-
nesses and the production of such books, 
records, correspondence, memorandums, pa-
pers, and documents, as it deems necessary. 
(b) AUTHORITY
TO
CONDUCT
INVESTIGA-
TIONS.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Committee is author-
ized at any time to conduct such investiga-
tions and studies as it may consider nec-
essary or appropriate in the exercise of its 
responsibilities under Rule X of the Rules of 
the House and (subject to the adoption of ex-
pense resolutions as required by Rule X, 
clause 6 of the Rules of the House) to incur 
expenses (including travel expenses) in con-
nection therewith. 
(2) MAJOR
INVESTIGATIONS
BY
SUBCOMMIT-
TEES.—A subcommittee may not begin a 
major investigation without approval of a 
majority of such subcommittee. 
(c) OATHS.—The Chair, or any member des-
ignated by the Chair, may administer oaths 
to any witness. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:53 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00162
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.045
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 161-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1417 
February 28, 2020 
(d) ISSUANCE OF SUBPOENAS.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—A subpoena may be issued 
by the Committee or subcommittee under 
paragraph (a)(2) in the conduct of any inves-
tigation or activity or series of investiga-
tions or activities, only when authorized by 
a majority of the members voting, a major-
ity being present. Such authorized subpoenas 
shall be signed by the Chair of the Com-
mittee or by any member designated by the 
Committee. If a specific request for a sub-
poena has not been previously rejected by ei-
ther the Committee or subcommittee, the 
Chair of the Committee, after consultation 
with the ranking minority member of the 
Committee, may authorize and issue a sub-
poena under paragraph (a)(2) in the conduct 
of any investigation or activity or series of 
investigations or activities, and such sub-
poena shall for all purposes be deemed a sub-
poena issued by the Committee. As soon as 
practicable after a subpoena is issued under 
this rule, the Chair shall notify all members 
of the Committee of such action. 
(2) ENFORCEMENT.—Compliance with any 
subpoena issued by the Committee or sub-
committee under paragraph (a)(2) may be en-
forced only as authorized or directed by the 
House. 
(e) EXPENSES OF SUBPOENAED WITNESSES.— 
Each witness who has been subpoenaed, upon 
the completion of his or her testimony be-
fore the Committee or any subcommittee, 
may report to the offices of the Committee, 
and there sign appropriate vouchers for trav-
el allowances and attendance fees. If hear-
ings are held in cities other than Wash-
ington, D.C., the witness may contact the 
counsel of the Committee, or his or her rep-
resentative, before leaving the hearing room. 
(f) DEPOSITION
AUTHORITY.—Pursuant to 
section 103(a) of House Resolution 6 and sub-
ject to the regulations issued by the Chair of 
the committee on Rules and printed in the 
Congressional Record, the Chair of the Com-
mittee, upon consultation with the ranking 
minority member, may order the taking of 
depositions, including pursuant to a sub-
poena, by a member or counsel of such com-
mittee subject to regulations issued by the 
Chair of the Committee on Rules. 
RULE V. QUORUMS AND RECORD VOTES; 
POSTPONEMENT OF VOTES 
(a) WORKING
QUORUM.—One-third of the 
members of the Committee or a sub-
committee shall constitute a quorum for 
taking any action other than the closing of 
a meeting pursuant to clauses 2(g) and 2(k)(5) 
of Rule XI of the Rules of the House, the au-
thorizing of a subpoena pursuant to para-
graph (d) of Committee Rule IV, the report-
ing of a measure or recommendation pursu-
ant to paragraph (b)(1) of Committee Rule 
VII, and the actions described in paragraphs 
(b), (c) and (d) of this rule. 
(b) QUORUM FOR REPORTING.—A majority of 
the members of the Committee or a sub-
committee shall constitute a quorum for the 
reporting of a measure or recommendation. 
(c) APPROVAL OF CERTAIN MATTERS.—A ma-
jority of the members of the Committee or a 
subcommittee shall constitute a quorum for 
approval of a resolution concerning any of 
the following actions: 
(1) A prospectus for construction, alter-
ation, purchase or acquisition of a public 
building or the lease of space as required by 
section 3307 of title 40, United States Code. 
(2) Survey investigation of a proposed 
project for navigation, flood control, and 
other purposes by the Corps of Engineers 
(section 4 of the Rivers and Harbors Act of 
March 4, 1913, 33 U.S.C. 542). 
(3) Construction of a water resources devel-
opment project by the Corps of Engineers 
with an estimated Federal cost not exceed-
ing $15,000,000 (section 201 of the Flood Con-
trol Act of 1965). 
(4) Deletion of water quality storage in a 
Federal reservoir project where the benefits 
attributable to water quality are 15 percent 
or more but not greater than 25 percent of 
the total project benefits (section 65 of the 
Water Resources Development Act of 1974). 
(5) Authorization of a Natural Resources 
Conservation Service watershed project in-
volving any single structure of more than 
4,000 acre feet of total capacity (section 2 of 
P.L. 566, 83rd Congress). 
(d) QUORUM FOR TAKING TESTIMONY.—Two 
members of the Committee or subcommittee 
shall constitute a quorum for the purpose of 
taking testimony and receiving evidence. 
(e) RECORD VOTES.—A record vote may be 
demanded by one-fifth of the members 
present. 
(f) POSTPONEMENT OF VOTES.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—In accordance with clause 
2(h)(4) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House, 
the Chair of the Committee or a sub-
committee, after consultation with the rank-
ing minority member of the Committee or 
subcommittee, may— 
(A) postpone further proceedings when a 
record vote is ordered on the question of ap-
proving a measure or matter or on adopting 
an amendment; and 
(B) resume proceedings on a postponed 
question at any time after reasonable notice. 
(2) RESUMPTION
OF
PROCEEDINGS.—When 
proceedings resume on a postponed question, 
notwithstanding any intervening order for 
the previous question, an underlying propo-
sition shall remain subject to further debate 
or amendment to the same extent as when 
the question was postponed. 
(g) AVAILABILITY
OF
RECORD
VOTES
IN 
ELECTRONIC
FORM.—Pursuant 
to 
clause 
2(e)(l)(B)(i) of Rule XI of the Rules of the 
House, the Chair shall make the result of 
any record vote publicly available for inspec-
tion at reasonable times in the offices of the 
Committee and in electronic form within 48 
hours of such record vote. 
RULE VI. HEARING PROCEDURES 
(a) ANNOUNCEMENT OF HEARING.— 
(1) MINIMUM
NOTICE
PERIOD.—Pursuant to 
clause 2(g)(3) of Rule XI of the Rules of the 
House, the Chair shall make a public an-
nouncement of the date, place, and subject 
matter of a Committee or subcommittee 
hearing, which may not commence earlier 
than the one week after such notice. 
(2) CHANGES IN HEARING TIMES.—A hearing 
may commence sooner than announced if the 
Chair, with concurrence of the ranking mi-
nority member, determines there is good 
cause to begin the hearing sooner or the 
Committee so determines by majority vote, 
a quorum being present for the transaction 
of business. The Chair shall make a public 
announcement of the hearing time change at 
the earliest possible opportunity. 
(3) NOTIFICATION OF DAILY DIGEST CLERK.— 
The clerk of the Committee shall notify the 
Daily Digest Clerk of the Congressional 
Record as soon as possible after a public an-
nouncement of a time change for a Com-
mittee or subcommittee hearing is made 
under this paragraph. 
(b) 
WRITTEN
STATEMENT; 
ORAL
TESTI-
MONY.— 
(1) FILING OF STATEMENT.—So far as prac-
ticable, each witness who is to appear before 
the Committee or a subcommittee shall file 
with the clerk of the Committee or sub-
committee, at least 2 working days before 
the day of his or her appearance, a written 
statement of proposed testimony. The Chair, 
with the concurrence of the ranking minor-
ity member, may take the following actions 
for failure to comply with this requirement: 
(A) exclude such witness’ written testimony 
from the hearing record; (B) bar such wit-
ness’ oral presentation of the testimony; or 
(C) both (A) and (B). Each witness shall limit 
his or her oral presentation to a summary of 
the written statement. 
(2) TRUTH IN TESTIMONY INFORMATION.—Pur-
suant to clause 2(g)(5) of Rule XI of the Rules 
of the House, in the case of a witness appear-
ing in a nongovernmental capacity, a writ-
ten statement of proposed testimony shall 
include a curriculum vitae and a disclosure 
of the amount and source of each Federal 
grant (or subgrant thereof) or contract (or 
subcontract thereof), or the amount and 
country of origin of any contract or payment 
originating with a foreign government, re-
ceived during the current calendar year or 
either of the two previous calendar years by 
the witness or by an entity represented by 
the witness and related to the subject matter 
of the hearing. 
(3) AVAILABILITY OF INFORMATION IN ELEC-
TRONIC
FORM.—Statements filed under this 
paragraph, with appropriate redaction to 
protect the privacy of the witness, shall be 
made publicly available in electronic form 
not later than one day after the witness ap-
pears. 
(c) MINORITY WITNESSES.—When any hear-
ing is conducted by the Committee or any 
subcommittee upon any measure or matter, 
the minority party members on the Com-
mittee or subcommittee shall be entitled, 
upon request to the Chair by a majority of 
those minority members before the comple-
tion of such hearing, to call witnesses se-
lected by the minority to testify with re-
spect to that measure or matter during at 
least one day of hearing thereon. 
(d) SUMMARY
OF SUBJECT MATTER.—Upon 
announcement of a hearing, to the extent 
practicable, 
the 
Committee 
shall 
make 
available immediately to all members of the 
Committee a concise summary of the subject 
matter (including legislative reports and 
other material) under consideration. In addi-
tion, upon announcement of a hearing and 
subsequently as they are received, the Chair 
shall make available to the members of the 
Committee any official reports from depart-
ments and agencies on such matter. 
(e) OPENING STATEMENTS; QUESTIONING OF 
WITNESSES.— 
(1) OPENING STATEMENTS.— 
(A) CHAIR
AND
RANKING
MEMBER.—At a 
hearing of the Full Committee, the Chair 
and ranking minority member of the Com-
mittee shall each be entitled to present an 
oral opening statement of five minutes. At a 
hearing of a subcommittee, the Chair and 
ranking minority member of the Committee 
and the Chair and ranking minority member 
of the subcommittee shall each be entitled 
to present an opening statement for five 
minutes. 
(B) OTHER MEMBERS.—At a hearing of the 
Full Committee or a subcommittee, other 
members of the Committee or subcommittee, 
as appropriate, may submit written opening 
statements for the record. The Chair pre-
siding over the hearing may permit oral 
opening statements by other members of the 
Committee or subcommittee, as appropriate, 
with the concurrence of the ranking minor-
ity member. 
(2) QUESTIONING OF WITNESSES.—The ques-
tioning of witnesses in Committee and sub-
committee hearings shall be initiated by the 
Chair, followed by the ranking minority 
member and all other members alternating 
between the majority and minority parties. 
In recognizing members to question wit-
nesses in this fashion, the Chair shall take 
into consideration the ratio of the majority 
to minority members present and shall es-
tablish the order of recognition for ques-
tioning in such a manner as not to disadvan-
tage the members of the majority nor the 
members of the minority. The Chair may ac-
complish this by recognizing two majority 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:44 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00163
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.046
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 162-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1418 
February 28, 2020 
members for each minority member recog-
nized. 
(f) PROCEDURES FOR QUESTIONS.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—A Committee member 
may question a witness at a hearing— 
(A) only when recognized by the Chair for 
that purpose; and 
(B) subject to subparagraphs (2) and (3), 
only for 5 minutes until such time as each 
member of the Committee or subcommittee 
who so desires has had an opportunity to 
question the witness. 
A member shall be limited in his or her re-
marks to the subject matter under consider-
ation. The Chair shall enforce this subpara-
graph. 
(2) EXTENDED QUESTIONING OF WITNESSES BY 
MEMBERS.—The Chair of the Committee or a 
subcommittee, with the concurrence of the 
ranking minority member, or the Committee 
or subcommittee by motion, may permit a 
specified number of its members to question 
a witness for longer than 5 minutes. The 
time for extended questioning of a witness 
under this subdivision shall be equal for the 
majority party and minority party and may 
not exceed one hour in the aggregate. 
(3) EXTENDED QUESTIONING OF WITNESSES BY 
STAFF.—The Chair of the Committee or a 
subcommittee, with the concurrence of the 
ranking minority member, or the Committee 
or subcommittee by motion, may permit 
Committee staff for its majority and minor-
ity party members to question a witness for 
equal specified periods. The time for ex-
tended questioning of a witness under this 
subdivision shall be equal for the majority 
party and minority party and may not ex-
ceed one hour in the aggregate. 
(4) RIGHT
TO
QUESTION
WITNESSES
FOL-
LOWING EXTENDED QUESTIONING.—Nothing in 
subparagraph (2) or (3) affects the right of a 
member (other than a member designated 
under subparagraph (2)) to question a wit-
ness for 5 minutes in accordance with sub-
paragraph (1)(B) after the questioning per-
mitted under subparagraph (2) or (3). 
(g) ADDITIONAL
HEARING
PROCEDURES.— 
Clause 2(k) of Rule XI of the Rules of the 
House (relating to additional rules for hear-
ings) applies to hearings of the Committee 
and its subcommittees. 
RULE VII. PROCEDURES FOR REPORTING BILLS, 
RESOLUTIONS, AND REPORTS 
(a) FILING OF REPORTS.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—The Chair of the Com-
mittee shall report promptly to the House 
any measure or matter approved by the Com-
mittee and take necessary steps to bring the 
measure or matter to a vote. 
(2) REQUESTS FOR REPORTING.—The report 
of the Committee on a measure or matter 
which has been approved by the Committee 
shall be filed within 7 calendar days (exclu-
sive of days on which the House is not in ses-
sion) after the day on which there has been 
filed with the clerk of the Committee a writ-
ten request, signed by a majority of the 
members of the Committee, for the reporting 
of that measure or matter. Upon the filing of 
any such request, the clerk of the Committee 
shall transmit immediately to the Chair of 
the Committee notice of the filing of that re-
quest. 
(b) QUORUM; RECORD VOTES.— 
(1) QUORUM.—No measure, matter, or rec-
ommendation shall be reported from the 
Committee unless a majority of the Com-
mittee was actually present. 
(2) RECORD
VOTES.—With respect to each 
record vote on a motion to report any meas-
ure or matter of a public character, and on 
any amendment offered to the measure or 
matter, the total number of votes cast for 
and against, and the names of those mem-
bers voting for and against, shall be included 
in the Committee report on the measure or 
matter. 
(c) REQUIRED MATTERS.—The report of the 
Committee on a measure or matter which 
has been approved by the Committee shall 
include the items required to be included by 
the rules and orders of the House applicable 
in the One Hundred Sixteenth Congress. 
(d) ADDITIONAL VIEWS.—If, at the time of 
approval of any measure or matter by the 
Committee, any member of the Committee 
gives notice of intention to file supple-
mental, minority, additional, or dissenting 
views, all members shall be entitled to not 
less than two additional calendar days after 
the day of such notice (excluding Saturdays, 
Sundays, and legal holidays) in which to file 
such written and signed views in accordance 
with clause 2(l) of Rule XI of the Rules of the 
House. 
(e) ACTIVITIES REPORT.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than January 2 
of each odd numbered year, the Committee 
shall submit to the House a report on the ac-
tivities of the Committee. 
(2) CONTENTS.—The report shall include— 
(A) separate sections summarizing the leg-
islative and oversight activities of the Com-
mittee under Rules X and XI of the Rules of 
the House during the Congress; 
(B) a summary of the oversight plan sub-
mitted by the Committee under clause 2(d) 
of Rule X of the Rules of the House; 
(C) a summary of the actions taken and 
recommendations made with respect to the 
oversight plan specified in subdivision (B); 
(D) a summary of any additional oversight 
activities undertaken by the Committee and 
any recommendations made or actions taken 
thereon; and 
(E) a delineation of any hearings held pur-
suant to clauses 2(n), (o), or (p) of Rule XI of 
the Rules of the House. 
(3) FILING.—After an adjournment sine die 
of the last regular session of a Congress, or 
after December 15 of an even numbered year, 
whichever occurs first, the Chair may file 
the report described in subparagraph (1) with 
the Clerk of the House at any time and with-
out approval of the Committee, provided 
that— 
(A) a copy of the report has been available 
to each member of the Committee for at 
least seven calendar days; and 
(B) the report includes any supplemental, 
minority, additional, or dissenting views 
submitted by a member of the Committee. 
(f) OTHER COMMITTEE MATERIALS.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—All Committee and sub-
committee prints, reports, documents, or 
other materials, not otherwise provided for 
under this rule, that purport to express pub-
licly the views of the Committee or any of 
its subcommittees or members of the Com-
mittee or its subcommittees shall be ap-
proved by the Committee or the sub-
committee prior to printing and distribution 
and any member shall be given an oppor-
tunity to have views included as part of such 
material prior to printing, release, and dis-
tribution in accordance with paragraph (d) of 
this rule. 
(2) DOCUMENTS
CONTAINING
VIEWS
OTHER 
THAN MEMBER VIEWS.—A Committee or sub-
committee document containing views other 
than those of members of the Committee or 
subcommittee shall not be published without 
approval of the Committee or subcommittee. 
(3) DISCLAIMER.—All Committee or sub-
committee reports printed pursuant to legis-
lative study or investigation and not ap-
proved by a majority vote of the Committee 
or subcommittee, as appropriate, shall con-
tain the following disclaimer on the cover of 
such report: ‘‘This report has not been offi-
cially adopted by the Committee on Trans-
portation and Infrastructure (or pertinent 
subcommittee thereof) and may not there-
fore necessarily reflect the views of its mem-
bers.’’. 
(4) COMPILATIONS
OF
LAWS.—To the max-
imum extent practicable, the Committee 
shall publish a compilation of laws under the 
jurisdiction of each subcommittee. 
(g) AVAILABILITY OF PUBLICATIONS.—Pursu-
ant to clause 2(e)(4) of Rule XI of the Rules 
of the House, the Committee shall make its 
publications available in electronic form to 
the maximum extent feasible. 
RULE VIII. ESTABLISHMENT OF SUBCOMMITTEES; 
SIZE AND PARTY RATIOS 
(a) 
ESTABLISHMENT.—There 
shall 
be 
6 
standing subcommittees. These subcommit-
tees, with the following sizes (including dele-
gates) and majority/minority ratios, are: 
(1) Subcommittee on Aviation (39 Mem-
bers: 22 Majority and 17 Minority). 
(2) Subcommittee on Coast Guard and Mar-
itime Transportation (16 Members: 9 Major-
ity and 7 Minority). 
(3) Subcommittee on Economic Develop-
ment, Public Buildings, and Emergency 
Management (16 Members: 9 Majority and 7 
Minority). 
(4) Subcommittee on Highways and Transit 
(56 Members: 31 Majority and 25 Minority). 
(5) Subcommittee on Railroads, Pipelines, 
and Hazardous Materials (34 Members: 19 Ma-
jority and 15 Minority). 
(6) Subcommittee on Water Resources and 
Environment (32 Members: 18 Majority and 
14 Minority). 
(b) EX OFFICIO MEMBERS.—The Chair and 
ranking minority member of the Committee 
shall serve as ex officio voting members on 
each subcommittee. 
(c) RATIOS.—On each subcommittee there 
shall be a ratio of majority party members 
to minority party members which shall be no 
less favorable to the majority party than the 
ratio for the Full Committee. In calculating 
the ratio of majority party members to mi-
nority party members, there shall be in-
cluded the ex officio members of the sub-
committees. 
RULE IX. POWERS AND DUTIES OF 
SUBCOMMITTEES 
(a) 
AUTHORITY
TO
SIT.—Each 
sub-
committee is authorized to meet, hold hear-
ings, receive evidence, and report to the Full 
Committee on all matters referred to it or 
under its jurisdiction. Subcommittee chair-
men shall set dates for hearings and meet-
ings of their respective subcommittees after 
consultation with the Chair and other sub-
committee chairmen with a view toward 
avoiding simultaneous scheduling of Full 
Committee and subcommittee meetings or 
hearings whenever possible. 
(b) CONSIDERATION
BY
COMMITTEE.—Each 
bill, resolution, or other matter favorably re-
ported by a subcommittee shall automati-
cally be placed upon the agenda of the Com-
mittee. Any such matter reported by a sub-
committee shall not be considered by the 
Committee unless it has been delivered to 
the offices of all members of the Committee 
at least 48 hours before the meeting, unless 
the Chair determines that the matter is of 
such urgency that it should be given early 
consideration. Where practicable, such mat-
ters shall be accompanied by a comparison 
with present law and a section-by-section 
analysis. 
RULE X. REFERRAL OF LEGISLATION TO 
SUBCOMMITTEES 
(a) GENERAL REQUIREMENT.—Except where 
the Chair of the Committee determines, in 
consultation with the majority members of 
the Committee, that consideration is to be 
by the Full Committee, each bill, resolution, 
investigation, or other matter which relates 
to a subject listed under the jurisdiction of 
any subcommittee established in Committee 
Rule VIII referred to or initiated by the Full 
Committee shall be referred by the Chair to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:53 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00164
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.047
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 163-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1419 
February 28, 2020 
all subcommittees of appropriate jurisdic-
tion within two weeks. All bills shall be re-
ferred to the subcommittee of proper juris-
diction without regard to whether the au-
thor is or is not a member of the sub-
committee. 
(b) RECALL FROM SUBCOMMITTEE.—A bill, 
resolution, or other matter referred to a sub-
committee in accordance with this rule may 
be recalled therefrom at any time by a vote 
of a majority of the members of the Com-
mittee voting, a quorum being present, for 
the Committee’s direct consideration or for 
reference to another subcommittee. 
(c) MULTIPLE REFERRALS.—In carrying out 
this rule with respect to any matter, the 
Chair may refer the matter simultaneously 
to two or more subcommittees for concur-
rent consideration or for consideration in se-
quence (subject to appropriate time limita-
tions in the case of any subcommittee after 
the first), or divide the matter into two or 
more parts (reflecting different subjects and 
jurisdictions) and refer each such part to a 
different subcommittee, or make such other 
provisions as he or she considers appropriate. 
RULE XI. RECOMMENDATION OF CONFEREES 
The Chair of the Committee shall rec-
ommend to the Speaker as conferees the 
names of those members (1) of the majority 
party selected by the Chair, and (2) of the 
minority party selected by the ranking mi-
nority member of the Committee. Rec-
ommendations of conferees to the Speaker 
shall provide a ratio of majority party mem-
bers to minority party members which shall 
be no less favorable to the majority party 
than the ratio for the Committee. 
RULE XII. OVERSIGHT 
(a) PURPOSE.—The Committee shall carry 
out oversight responsibilities as provided in 
this rule in order to assist the House in— 
(1) its analysis, appraisal, and evaluation 
of— 
(A) the application, administration, execu-
tion, and effectiveness of the laws enacted by 
the Congress; or 
(B) conditions and circumstances which 
may indicate the necessity or desirability of 
enacting new or additional legislation; and 
(2) its formulation, consideration, and en-
actment of such modifications or changes in 
those laws, and of such additional legisla-
tion, as may be necessary or appropriate. 
(b) 
OVERSIGHT
PLAN.—Not 
later 
than 
March 1 of the first session of each Congress, 
the Chair shall submit to the Committee on 
Oversight and Reform and the Committee on 
House Administration its oversight plan for 
that Congress in accordance with clause 
2(d)(l) of Rule X of the Rules of the House. 
(c) REVIEW OF LAWS AND PROGRAMS.—The 
Committee and the appropriate subcommit-
tees shall cooperatively review and study, on 
a continuing basis, the application, adminis-
tration, execution, and effectiveness of those 
laws, or parts of laws, the subject matter of 
which is within the jurisdiction of the Com-
mittee, and the organization and operation 
of the Federal agencies and entities having 
responsibilities in or for the administration 
and execution thereof, in order to determine 
whether such laws and the programs there-
under are being implemented and carried out 
in accordance with the intent of the Con-
gress and whether such programs should be 
continued, curtailed, or eliminated. In addi-
tion, the Committee and the appropriate 
subcommittees shall cooperatively review 
and study any conditions or circumstances 
which may indicate the necessity or desir-
ability of enacting new or additional legisla-
tion within the jurisdiction of the Com-
mittee (whether or not any bill or resolution 
has been introduced with respect thereto), 
and shall on a continuing basis undertake fu-
ture research and forecasting on matters 
within the jurisdiction of the Committee. 
(d) REVIEW
OF TAX POLICIES.—The Com-
mittee and the appropriate subcommittees 
shall cooperatively review and study on a 
continuing basis the impact or probable im-
pact of tax policies affecting subjects within 
the jurisdiction of the Committee. 
RULE XIII. REVIEW OF CONTINUING PROGRAMS; 
BUDGET ACT PROVISIONS 
(a) ENSURING
ANNUAL
APPROPRIATIONS.— 
The Committee shall, in its consideration of 
all bills and joint resolutions of a public 
character within its jurisdiction, ensure that 
appropriations for continuing programs and 
activities of the Federal Government and the 
District of Columbia government will be 
made annually to the maximum extent fea-
sible and consistent with the nature, require-
ments, and objectives of the programs and 
activities involved. 
(b) REVIEW
OF
MULTI-YEAR
APPROPRIA-
TIONS.—The Committee shall review, from 
time to time, each continuing program with-
in its jurisdiction for which appropriations 
are not made annually in order to ascertain 
whether such program could be modified so 
that appropriations therefore would be made 
annually. 
(c) VIEWS AND ESTIMATES.—In accordance 
with clause 4(f)(l) of Rule X of the Rules of 
the House, the Committee shall submit to 
the Committee on the Budget— 
(1) its views and estimates with respect to 
all matters to be set forth in the concurrent 
resolution on the budget for the ensuing fis-
cal year which are within its jurisdiction or 
functions; and 
(2) an estimate of the total amount of new 
budget authority, and budget outlays result-
ing therefrom, to be provided or authorized 
in all bills and resolutions within its juris-
diction which it intends to be effective dur-
ing that fiscal year. 
(d) BUDGET ALLOCATIONS.—As soon as prac-
ticable after a concurrent resolution on the 
budget for any fiscal year is agreed to, the 
Committee (after consulting with the appro-
priate committee or committees of the Sen-
ate) shall subdivide any allocations made to 
it in the joint explanatory statement accom-
panying the conference report on such reso-
lution, and promptly report such subdivi-
sions to the House, in the manner provided 
by section 302 of the Congressional Budget 
Act of 1974. 
(e) RECONCILIATION.—Whenever the Com-
mittee is directed in a concurrent resolution 
on the budget to determine and recommend 
changes in laws, bills, or resolutions under 
the reconciliation process, it shall promptly 
make such determination and recommenda-
tions, and report a reconciliation bill or res-
olution (or both) to the House or submit such 
recommendations to the Committee on the 
Budget, in accordance with the Congres-
sional Budget Act of 1974. 
RULE XIV. RECORDS 
(a) KEEPING OF RECORDS.—The Committee 
shall keep a complete record of all Com-
mittee action which shall include— 
(1) in the case of any meeting or hearing 
transcripts, a substantially verbatim ac-
count of remarks actually made during the 
proceedings, subject only to technical, gram-
matical, and typographical corrections au-
thorized by the person making the remarks 
involved; and 
(2) a record of the votes on any question on 
which a record vote is taken. 
(b) PUBLIC INSPECTION.—The result of each 
such record vote shall be made available by 
the Committee for inspection by the public 
at reasonable times in the offices of the 
Committee. Information so available for 
public inspection shall include a description 
of the amendment, motion, order, or other 
proposition and the name of each member 
voting for and each member voting against 
such amendment, motion, order, or propo-
sition, and the names of those members 
present but not voting. 
(c) PROPERTY
OF
THE
HOUSE.—All Com-
mittee records (including hearings, data, 
charts, and files) shall be kept separate and 
distinct 
from 
the 
congressional 
office 
records of the member serving as Chair of 
the Committee; and such records shall be the 
property of the House and all members of the 
House shall have access thereto. 
(d) AVAILABILITY OF ARCHIVED RECORDS.— 
The records of the Committee at the Na-
tional Archives and Records Administration 
shall be made available for public use in ac-
cordance with Rule VII of the Rules of the 
House. The Chair shall notify the ranking 
minority member of the Committee of any 
decision, pursuant to clause 3(b)(3) or clause 
4(b) of such rule, to withhold a record other-
wise available, and the matter shall be pre-
sented to the Committee for a determination 
on written request of any member of the 
Committee. 
(e) AUTHORITY TO PRINT.—The Committee 
is authorized to have printed and bound tes-
timony and other data presented at hearings 
held by the Committee. All costs of steno-
graphic services and transcripts in connec-
tion with any meeting or hearing of the 
Committee shall be paid as provided in 
clause l(c) of Rule XI of the House. 
RULE XV. COMMITTEE BUDGETS 
(a) BIENNIAL BUDGET.—The Chair, in con-
sultation with the chair of each sub-
committee, the majority members of the 
Committee, and the minority members of 
the Committee, shall, for each Congress, pre-
pare a consolidated Committee budget. Such 
budget shall include necessary amounts for 
staff personnel, necessary travel, investiga-
tion, and other expenses of the Committee. 
(b) ADDITIONAL EXPENSES.—Authorization 
for the payment of additional or unforeseen 
Committee expenses may be procured by one 
or more additional expense resolutions proc-
essed in the same manner as set out herein. 
(c) TRAVEL REQUESTS.—The Chair or any 
chair of a subcommittee may initiate nec-
essary travel requests as provided in Com-
mittee Rule XVII within the limits of the 
consolidated budget as approved by the 
House and the Chair may execute necessary 
vouchers thereof. 
(d) MONTHLY REPORTS.—Once monthly, the 
Chair shall submit to the Committee on 
House Administration, in writing, a full and 
detailed accounting of all expenditures made 
during the period since the last such ac-
counting from the amount budgeted to the 
Committee. Such report shall show the 
amount and purpose of such expenditure and 
the budget to which such expenditure is at-
tributed. A copy of such monthly report 
shall be available in the Committee office for 
review by members of the Committee. 
RULE XVI. COMMITTEE STAFF 
(a) APPOINTMENT
BY
CHAIR.—The Chair 
shall appoint and determine the remunera-
tion of, and may remove, the employees of 
the Committee not assigned to the minority. 
The staff of the Committee not assigned to 
the minority shall be under the general su-
pervision and direction of the Chair, who 
shall establish and assign the duties and re-
sponsibilities of such staff members and del-
egate such authority as he or she determines 
appropriate. 
(b) APPOINTMENT
BY
RANKING
MINORITY 
MEMBER.—The ranking minority member of 
the Committee shall appoint and determine 
the remuneration of, and may remove, the 
staff assigned to the minority within the 
budget approved for such purposes. The staff 
assigned to the minority shall be under the 
general supervision and direction of the 
ranking minority member of the Committee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:53 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00165
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.048
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 164-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1420 
February 28, 2020 
who may delegate such authority as he or 
she determines appropriate. 
(c) INTENTION REGARDING STAFF.—It is in-
tended that the skills and experience of all 
members of the Committee staff shall be 
available to all members of the Committee. 
RULE XVII. TRAVEL OF MEMBERS AND STAFF 
(a) APPROVAL.—Consistent with the pri-
mary expense resolution and such additional 
expense resolutions as may have been ap-
proved, the provisions of this rule shall gov-
ern travel of Committee members and staff. 
Travel to be reimbursed from funds set aside 
for the Committee for any member or any 
staff member shall be paid only upon the 
prior authorization of the Chair. Travel shall 
be authorized by the Chair for any member 
and any staff member in connection with the 
attendance of hearings conducted by the 
Committee or any subcommittee and meet-
ings, conferences, and investigations which 
involve activities or subject matter under 
the general jurisdiction of the Committee. 
Before such authorization is given there 
shall be submitted to the Chair in writing 
the following: 
(1) The purpose of the travel. 
(2) The dates during which the travel is to 
be made and the date or dates of the event 
for which the travel is being made. 
(3) The location of the event for which the 
travel is to be made. 
(4) The names of members and staff seek-
ing authorization. 
(b) SUBCOMMITTEE TRAVEL.—In the case of 
travel of members and staff of a sub-
committee 
to 
hearings, 
meetings, 
con-
ferences, and investigations involving activi-
ties or subject matter under the legislative 
assignment of such subcommittee, prior au-
thorization must be obtained from the sub-
committee chair and the Chair. Such prior 
authorization shall be given by the Chair 
only upon the representation by the chair of 
such subcommittee in writing setting forth 
those items enumerated in subparagraphs 
(1), (2), (3), and (4) of paragraph (a) and that 
there has been a compliance where applica-
ble with Committee Rule VI. 
(c) TRAVEL OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—In the case of travel out-
side the United States of members and staff 
of the Committee or of a subcommittee for 
the purpose of conducting hearings, inves-
tigations, studies, or attending meetings and 
conferences involving activities or subject 
matter under the legislative assignment of 
the Committee or pertinent subcommittee, 
prior authorization must be obtained from 
the Chair, or, in the case of a subcommittee 
from the subcommittee chair and the Chair. 
Before such authorization is given there 
shall be submitted to the Chair, in writing, a 
request for such authorization. Each request, 
which shall be filed in a manner that allows 
for a reasonable period of time for review be-
fore such travel is scheduled to begin, shall 
include the following: 
(A) The purpose of the travel. 
(B) The dates during which the travel will 
occur. 
(C) The names of the countries to be vis-
ited and the length of time to be spent in 
each. 
(D) An agenda of anticipated activities for 
each country for which travel is authorized 
together with a description of the purpose to 
be served and the areas of Committee juris-
diction involved. 
(E) The names of members and staff for 
whom authorization is sought. 
(2) INITIATION OF REQUESTS.—Requests for 
travel outside the United States may be ini-
tiated by the Chair or the chair of a sub-
committee (except that individuals may sub-
mit a request to the Chair for the purpose of 
attending a conference or meeting) and shall 
be limited to members and permanent em-
ployees of the Committee. 
(d) REPORTS
BY
MEMBERS
AND
STAFF.— 
Within 15 legislative days from the conclu-
sion of any hearing, investigation, study, 
meeting, or conference for which travel has 
been authorized pursuant to this rule, each 
member and staff member involved in such 
travel shall submit a written report to the 
Chair covering the activities and other perti-
nent observations or information gained as a 
result of such travel. 
(e) APPLICABILITY OF LAWS, RULES, POLI-
CIES.—Members and staff of the Committee 
performing authorized travel on official busi-
ness shall be governed by applicable laws, 
resolutions, or regulations of the House and 
of the Committees on House Administration 
and Ethics pertaining to such travel, and by 
the travel policy of the Committee. 
RULE XVIII. COMMITTEE PANELS 
(a) 
DESIGNATION.—In 
accordance 
with 
clause 5(b)(2)(C) of Rule X of the Rules of the 
House, the Chair of the Committee, with the 
concurrence of the ranking minority mem-
ber, may designate a panel of the Committee 
consisting of members of the Committee to 
inquire into and take testimony on a matter 
or matters that fall within the jurisdiction 
of more than one subcommittee and to re-
port to the Committee. 
(b) DURATION.—No panel designated under 
paragraph (a) shall continue in existence for 
more than six months after the date of the 
designation. 
(c) PARTY RATIOS AND APPOINTMENT.—The 
ratio of majority members to minority mem-
bers on a panel designated under paragraph 
(a) shall be as close as practicable to the 
ratio of the Full Committee. All majority 
members of the panels shall be appointed by 
the Chair of the Committee, and all minority 
members shall be appointed by the ranking 
minority member of the Committee. The 
Chair of the Committee shall choose one of 
the majority members so appointed to serve 
as Chair of the panel. The ranking minority 
member of the Committee shall similarly 
choose the ranking minority member of the 
panel. 
(d) EX OFFICIO MEMBERS.—The Chair and 
ranking minority member of the Committee 
may serve as ex-officio members of a panel 
designated under paragraph (a). The Chair 
and ranking minority member are author-
ized to vote on matters that arise before the 
panel and shall be counted to satisfy the 
quorum requirement for any purpose. 
(e) 
JURISDICTION.—No 
panel 
designated 
under paragraph (a) shall have legislative ju-
risdiction. 
(f) APPLICABILITY OF COMMITTEE RULES.—A 
panel designated under paragraph (a) shall be 
subject to all Committee Rules herein. 
f 
PUBLICATION OF BUDGETARY 
MATERIAL 
REVISIONS TO THE AGGREGATES, ALLOCATIONS, 
AND OTHER BUDGETARY LEVELS FOR FISCAL 
YEAR
2020
RELATED
TO
LEGISLATION
RE-
PORTED BY THE COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND 
COMMERCE 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
COMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET, 
Washington, DC. February 28, 2020. 
MADAM SPEAKER: Pursuant to the Congres-
sional Budget Act of 1974 (CBA) and H. Res. 
293 (116th Congress), I hereby submit for 
printing in the Congressional Record a revi-
sion to the aggregates and allocations set 
forth in the Statement of Aggregates, Allo-
cations, and Other Budgetary Levels for Fis-
cal Year 2020 published in the Congressional 
Record on May 3, 2019, as adjusted. 
This adjustment responds to House consid-
eration of H.R. 2339, as amended, the ‘‘Pro-
tecting American Lungs and Reversing the 
Youth Tobacco Epidemic Act of 2020.’’ This 
adjustment is allowable under section 1(d)(2) 
of H. Res. 293, as H.R. 2339, as amended, 
would not increase the deficit for either of 
the following time periods: fiscal years 2020– 
2024 or fiscal years 2020–2029. It shall apply 
while that legislation is under consideration 
and take effect upon the enactment of that 
legislation. 
Accordingly, I am revising the aggregate 
spending level for fiscal year 2020 and the ag-
gregate revenue level for fiscal years 2020– 
2029 and the allocation for the House Com-
mittee on Energy and Commerce for fiscal 
years 2020–2029. For purposes of enforcing ti-
tles III and IV of the CBA and other budg-
etary enforcement provisions, the revised ag-
gregates and allocation are to be considered 
as aggregates and allocations included in the 
budget resolution, pursuant to the State-
ment published in the Congressional Record 
on May 3, 2019, as adjusted. 
Questions may be directed to Jennifer 
Wheelock or Raquel Spencer of the Budget 
Committee staff. 
JOHN YARMUTH. 
TABLE 1.—REVISION TO ON-BUDGET AGGREGATES 
[On-budget amounts, in millions of dollars] 
2020 
2020–2029 
Current Aggregates: 
Budget Authority ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
3,806,162 
n.a. 
Outlays .......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
3,722,823 
n.a. 
Revenues ....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
2,740,533 
34,847,515 
Revision for the Protecting American Lungs and Reversing the Youth Tobacco Epidemic Act of 2020 (H.R. 2339): 
Budget Authority ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
— 
n.a. 
Outlays .......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
— 
n.a. 
Revenues ....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
— 
4,785 
Revised Aggregates: 
Budget Authority ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
3,806,162 
n.a. 
Outlays .......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
3,722,823 
n.a. 
Revenues ....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
2,740,533 
34,852,300 
n.a. = Not applicable because annual appropriations for fiscal years 2021 through 2029 will not be considered until future sessions of Congress. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:44 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00166
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.049
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 165-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1421 
February 28, 2020 
TABLE 2.—REVISED ALLOCATION OF SPENDING AUTHORITY TO THE HOUSE COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE 
[On-budget amounts, in millions of dollars] 
2020 
2020–2029 
Current Allocation: 
BA ..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
535,240 
7,218,212 
OT ...............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
513,381 
7,153,891 
Revision for H.R. 2339: 
BA ..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
— 
4,427 
OT ...............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
— 
4,427 
Revised Allocation: 
BA ..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
535,240 
7,222,639 
OT ...............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
513,381 
7,158,318 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. KING of Iowa. Madam Speaker, I 
move that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 1 o’clock and 34 minutes 
p.m.), under its previous order, the 
House adjourned until Monday, March 
2, 2020, at noon for morning-hour de-
bate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the 
Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3936. A letter from the Administrator, Ag-
ricultural Marketing Service, Federal Grain 
Inspection Services, Department of Agri-
culture, transmitting the Department’s final 
rule — Fees for Rice Inspection Services and 
Removal of Specific Fee References [Doc. 
No.: AMS-FGIS-18-0088] (RIN: 0581-AD85) re-
ceived February 25, 2020, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 
3937. A letter from the Director, Regula-
tions Management Team, Rural Develop-
ment, Rural Utilities Service, Department of 
Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s 
interim Major final rule — Rural Broadband 
Loans, Loan/Grant Combinations, and Loan 
Guarantees [Docket No.: RUS-19-Telecom- 
0003] (RIN: 0572-AC46) received February 26, 
2020, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public 
Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
Committee on Agriculture. 
3938. A letter from the FPAC-BC, Com-
modity Credit Corporation, Department of 
Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s 
interim rule — Regional Conservation Part-
nership Program [Docket ID: NRCS-2019-0012] 
(RIN: 0578-AA70) received February 26, 2020, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Agriculture. 
3939. A letter from the Congressional Re-
view Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health 
Inspection Service, Department of Agri-
culture, transmitting the Department’s final 
rule — National Veterinary Accreditation 
Program [Docket No.: APHIS-2017-0065] (RIN: 
0579-AE40) received February 26, 2020, pursu-
ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 
121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee 
on Agriculture. 
3940. A letter from the General Counsel, 
Farm Credit Administration, transmitting 
the Administration’s proposed rule — Amor-
tization Limits (RIN: 3052-AC92) received 
February 26, 2020, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 
3941. A letter from the General Counsel, 
Farm Credit Administration, transmitting 
the Administration’s final rule — Rules of 
Practice and Procedure; Adjusting Civil 
Money Penalties for Inflation (RIN: 3052- 
AD41) received February 26, 2020, pursuant to 
5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the 
Judiciary. 
3942. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the 
approved retirement of Lieutenant General 
Paul A. Ostrowski, United States Army, and 
his advancement to the grade of lieutenant 
general on the retired list, pursuant to 10 
U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96-513, Sec. 112 
(as amended by Public Law 104-106, Sec. 
502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on 
Armed Services. 
3943. A letter from the Executive Sec-
retary, National Labor Relations Board, 
transmitting the Board’s Major final rule — 
Joint Employer Status Under the National 
Labor Relations Act (RIN: 3142-AA13) re-
ceived February 26, 2020, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education 
and Labor. 
3944. A letter from the Deputy Assistant 
General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Pen-
sion Benefit Guaranty Corporation, trans-
mitting the Corporation’s final rule — Mis-
cellaneous Corrections, Clarifications, and 
Improvements (RIN: 1212-AB34) received Feb-
ruary 
26, 
2020, 
pursuant 
to 
5 
U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education 
and Labor. 
3945. A letter from the Chairman, Federal 
Energy Regulatory Commission, transmit-
ting the Twenty-ninth Report to Congress on 
Progress 
Made 
in 
Licensing 
and 
Con-
structing the Alaska Natural Gas Pipeline, 
pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 16523; Public Law 109- 
58, Sec. 1810; (119 Stat. 1126); to the Com-
mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
3946. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Commerce, transmitting a report 
certifying that the export of the listed item 
to the People’s Republic of China is not det-
rimental to the U.S. space launch industry, 
pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2778 note; Public Law 
105-261, Sec. 1512 (as amended by Public Law 
105-277, Sec. 146); (112 Stat. 2174); to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
3947. A letter from the Director, Defense 
Security Cooperation Agency, Department of 
Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 19-75, 
pursuant to the reporting requirements of 
Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control 
Act, as amended; to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs. 
3948. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Export Administration, Bureau of Indus-
try and Security, Department Commerce, 
transmitting the Department’s final rule — 
Amendments to Country Groups for Russia 
and Yemen Under the Export Administration 
Regulations [Docket No.: 200204-0044] (RIN: 
0694-AH93) received February 26, 2020, pursu-
ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 
121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee 
on Foreign Affairs. 
3949. A letter from the Chief Counsel, Of-
fice of Chief Counsel, FEMA, Department of 
Homeland Security, transmitting the De-
partment’s final rule — Suspension of Com-
munity Eligibility [Docket ID: FEMA-2019- 
0003; Internal Agency Docket No.: FEMA- 
8609] February 26, 2020, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial 
Services. 
3950. A letter from the Acting Director, 
Federal Mediation and Conciliation Service, 
transmitting the Service’s report titled, 
‘‘Analysis of Entity’s Systems, Controls and 
Legal Compliance’’ for FY 2019 under the 
Federal Managers’ Financial Integrity Act of 
1982; to the Committee on Oversight and Re-
form. 
3951. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Management and Budget, Executive 
Office of The President, transmitting the Of-
fice’s 2017 Information Collection Budget of 
the United States Government; to the Com-
mittee on Oversight and Reform. 
3952. A letter from the Acting Director, 
U.S. Trade and Development Agency, trans-
mitting the Agency’s FY 2019 No FEAR Act 
Report, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public 
Law 107-174, 203(a) (as amended by Public 
Law 109-435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to 
the Committee on Oversight and Reform. 
3953. A letter from the Office of the Inspec-
tor General, U.S. House of Representatives, 
transmitting the Office’s Management Advi-
sory Report — Contracting Officer’s Rep-
resentative (COR) Program Advisory (Report 
No.: 20-CAO-01); to the Committee on House 
Administration. 
3954. A letter from the Principal Deputy 
Assistant Attorney General, Office of Legis-
lative Affairs, Department of Justice, trans-
mitting a report titled, ‘‘Tribal Crime Data 
Collection Activities, 2016’’, pursuant to 34 
U.S.C. 10132(g); Public Law 90-351, Sec. 302(g) 
(as added by Public Law 111-211, Sec. 251(b)); 
(124 Stat. 2298); to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary. 
3955. A letter from the Solicitor General, 
Office of Solicitor General, Department of 
Justice, transmitting the Department’s deci-
sion in ‘‘United States v. Rudolfo Gonzalez- 
Fierro, No. 18-2168 (10th Cir. 2020)’’, pursuant 
to 28 U.S.C. 530D(a)(1); Public Law 107-273, 
Sec. 202(a); (116 Stat. 1771); to the Committee 
on the Judiciary. 
3956. A letter from the Principle Deputy 
Assistant Attorney General, Office of Legis-
lative Affairs, Department of Justice, trans-
mitting the Department’s views on H.J. Res. 
79 and S.J. Res. 6, the ‘‘Removing the Dead-
line for the Ratification of the Equal Rights 
Amendment’’; to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. 
3957. A letter from the Secretary, Federal 
Maritime 
Commission, 
transmitting 
the 
Commission’s 
final 
rule 
— 
Regulatory 
Amendments Implementing the Frank LoBi-
ondo Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2018 
[Docket No.: 19-06] (RIN: 3072-AC77) received 
February 25, 2020, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure. 
3958. A letter from the Deputy General 
Counsel, Office of General Counsel, Small 
Business Administration, transmitting the 
Administration’s final rule — Streamlining 
and 
Modernizing 
Certified 
Development 
Company Program (504 Loan Program) Cor-
porate Governance Requirements (RIN: 3245- 
AG97) received February 25, 2020, pursuant to 
5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on 
Small Business. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:53 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00167
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.044
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 166-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1422 
February 28, 2020 
3959. A letter from the Deputy General 
Counsel, Office of General Counsel, Small 
Business Administration, transmitting the 
Administration’s final rule — Small Business 
HUBZone Program and Government Con-
tracting Programs (RIN: 3245-AG38) received 
February 26, 2020, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Small Busi-
ness. 
3960. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Bureau of Legislative Affairs, Department of 
State, transmitting a report to Congress 
concerning emigration laws and policies of 
Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan, Tajikistan, and Uz-
bekistan, as required by the Jackson-Vanik 
Amendment, pursuant to 19 U.S.C. 2432(b); 
Public Law 93-618, Sec. 402(b); (88 Stat. 2056) 
and 19 U.S.C. 2439(b); Public Law 93-618, Sec. 
409(b); (88 Stat. 2064); to the Committee on 
Ways and Means. 
3961. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue 
Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only 
rule — Revenue procedure for farmers chang-
ing election out of 236A from 236A(d)(3) to 
263(i) (Revenue Procedure 2020-13) received 
February 25, 2020, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and 
Means. 
3962. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Regulations, Office of Legislation and Con-
gressional Affairs, Social Security Adminis-
tration, transmitting the Administration’s 
Major final rule — Removing Inability to 
Communicate in English as an Education 
Category [Docket No.: SSA-2017-0046] (RIN: 
0960-AH86) received February 26, 2020, pursu-
ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 
121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee 
on Ways and Means. 
3963. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of Defense, 
transmitting draft proposed legislation, ti-
tled, ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act 
for Fiscal Year 2021’’ requested to be enacted 
during the second session of the 116th Con-
gress; jointly to the Committees on Armed 
Services, Financial Services, Transportation 
and Infrastructure, Oversight and Reform, 
House Administration, Foreign Affairs, and 
Veterans’ Affairs. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following 
titles were introduced and severally re-
ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. BOST (for himself and Miss 
RICE of New York): 
H.R. 6013. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to modernize service-disabled 
veterans insurance; to the Committee on 
Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. TIPTON (for himself and Mr. 
DAVID SCOTT of Georgia): 
H.R. 6014. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Treasury to support fairness for Tai-
wanese nationals regarding employment at 
the international financial institutions; to 
the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. STEIL (for himself, Mr. HILL of 
Arkansas, Mr. ZELDIN, Mr. GOODEN, 
Mr. RIGGLEMAN, and Mr. TIMMONS): 
H.R. 6015. A bill to authorize the Secretary 
of the Treasury to require special measures 
for domestic financial institutions in con-
nection with INSTEX, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Financial Serv-
ices. 
By Mrs. LESKO (for herself, Mr. BIGGS, 
Mr. 
GOSAR, 
Mr. 
STANTON, 
Mr. 
O’HALLERAN, 
Mr. 
GRIJALVA, 
Mrs. 
KIRKPATRICK, Mr. GALLEGO, and Mr. 
SCHWEIKERT): 
H.R. 6016. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 
14955 West Bell Road in Surprise, Arizona, as 
the ‘‘Marc Lee Memorial Post Office Build-
ing’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Re-
form. 
By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia (for him-
self, Mr. QUIGLEY, and Mr. NADLER): 
H.R. 6017. A bill to amend title 28, United 
States Code, to provide for the establishment 
of a code of conduct for the justices of the 
Supreme Court, and for other purposes; to 
the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. CORREA: 
H.R. 6018. A bill to authorize the Secretary 
of Veterans Affairs to collect overpayments 
of specially adapted housing assistance; to 
the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. JEFFRIES (for himself, Mr. 
KING of New York, Mr. CA´ RDENAS, 
and Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER): 
H.R. 6019. A bill to expand the tropical dis-
ease product priority review voucher pro-
gram 
to 
encourage 
treatments 
for 
coronavirus; to the Committee on Energy 
and Commerce. 
By Mrs. TRAHAN (for herself, Mr. 
COURTNEY, Mr. KELLER, Mr. KELLY of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. MCKINLEY, Mr. 
BARR, Ms. BONAMICI, Mr. CLINE, Mr. 
COSTA, Ms. FINKENAUER, Mr. DAVID P. 
ROE of Tennessee, Mr. ROSE of New 
York, Mr. RYAN, Mr. SCHRADER, Mr. 
SIMPSON, Ms. SLOTKIN, Mr. TRONE, 
Ms. UNDERWOOD, Mr. WELCH, and Ms. 
HAALAND): 
H.R. 6020. A bill to require an evaluation 
by the Government Accountability Office of 
the social, economic, and historic contribu-
tions that Minor League Baseball has made 
to American life and culture; to the Com-
mittee on Oversight and Reform. 
By Mr. SABLAN (for himself and Mrs. 
RADEWAGEN): 
H.R. 6021. A bill to amend the Small Busi-
ness Act to ensure that the Commonwealth 
of the Northern Mariana Islands is eligible 
for certain Small Business Administration 
programs, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Small Business. 
By Mr. BROWN of Maryland (for him-
self and Mr. KIM): 
H.R. 6022. A bill to award a Congressional 
Gold Medal collectively to the Buffalo Sol-
dier regiments, authorized by Congress in 
1866 to serve in the United States Armed 
Forces, in recognition of their superior, dedi-
cated, and vital service to our Nation; to the 
Committee on Financial Services, and in ad-
dition to the Committees on House Adminis-
tration, and the Budget, for a period to be 
subsequently determined by the Speaker, in 
each case for consideration of such provi-
sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
By Ms. BROWNLEY of California (for 
herself and Ms. PINGREE): 
H.R. 6023. A bill to amend the Food Secu-
rity Act of 1985 to require the designation of 
composting as a conservation practice and 
conservation activity, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Ms. 
STEFANIK, Mr. MORELLE, Ms. SPEIER, 
Mr. 
HILL
of 
Arkansas, 
and 
Mr. 
MCGOVERN): 
H.R. 6024. A bill to establish a pilot pro-
gram for native plant species, and for other 
purposes. establish a pilot program for na-
tive plant species, and for other purposes; to 
the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts: 
H.R. 6025. A bill to improve the health and 
academic achievement of students in highly 
polluted environments, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-
merce, and in addition to the Committee on 
Education and Labor, for a period to be sub-
sequently determined by the Speaker, in 
each case for consideration of such provi-
sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
By Mr. COHEN (for himself and Mr. 
THOMPSON of Mississippi): 
H.R. 6026. A bill to prohibit the destruction 
of civil rights memorials, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. GALLEGO (for himself, Mr. 
DESAULNIER, Mr. THOMPSON of Cali-
fornia, and Ms. JACKSON LEE): 
H.R. 6027. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to eliminate the recoupment of 
separation pay, special separation benefits, 
and voluntary separation incentive pay-
ments from members of the Armed Forces 
who subsequently receive disability com-
pensation under laws administered by the 
Department of Veterans Affairs and to im-
pose limitations on the authority of the Sec-
retary of Defense to recoup such pay from 
members who subsequently receive military 
retired or retainer pay; to the Committee on 
Armed Services, and in addition to the Com-
mittee on Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to 
be subsequently determined by the Speaker, 
in each case for consideration of such provi-
sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
By Mr. GOMEZ (for himself, Ms. 
SA´ NCHEZ, and Ms. JUDY CHU of Cali-
fornia): 
H.R. 6028. A bill to amend title XVI of the 
Social Security Act to exclude certain relo-
cation assistance from income and resources, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Ways and Means. 
By Mr. KELLY of Mississippi: 
H.R. 6029. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 
215 1st Avenue in Amory, Mississippi, as the 
‘‘Command Sergeant Major Lawrence E. 
‘Rabbit’ Kennedy Post Office Building’’; to 
the Committee on Oversight and Reform. 
By Mr. KELLY of Mississippi: 
H.R. 6030. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to allow spouses of uniformed 
service members to make contributions to-
wards such member’s Thrift Savings Fund 
account, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Oversight and Reform. 
By Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire (for 
herself and Mr. STAUBER): 
H.R. 6031. A bill to require eligible institu-
tions under title IV of the Higher Education 
Act of 1965 to designate a Clery Compliance 
Officer to ensure compliance with the re-
quirements of the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of 
Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime 
Statistics Act; to the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor. 
By Mr. LANGEVIN (for himself and 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania): 
H.R. 6032. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Transportation to designate certain con-
sortia as Community and Technical College 
Centers of Excellence in Transportation 
Workforce Training, and for other purposes; 
to the Committee on Transportation and In-
frastructure. 
By Mrs. LAWRENCE (for herself, Mr. 
NEGUSE, Mr. DEFAZIO, Ms. TLAIB, Mr. 
KHANNA, and Mr. THOMPSON of Mis-
sissippi): 
H.R. 6033. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 to increase the period of 
eligibility for Federal Pell Grants, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor. 
By Ms. MCCOLLUM (for herself, Mr. 
PHILLIPS, Mr. KIND, Mr. COSTA, Ms. 
MOORE, Mr. LOWENTHAL, Ms. SCAN-
LON, Mr. LEVIN
of Michigan, Ms. 
JACKSON LEE, Mr. POCAN, and Ms. 
LOFGREN): 
H.R. 6034. A bill to defer the removal of in-
dividuals to the Lao People’s Democratic Re-
public for a 72-month period, and for other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:53 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00168
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\L28FE7.000
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 167-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1423 
February 28, 2020 
purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-
ary. 
By Mr. PETERSON (for himself and 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah): 
H.R. 6035. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Interior to issue a final rule relating to 
the delisting of the gray wolf under the En-
dangered Species Act of 1973; to the Com-
mittee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. DAVID P. ROE of Tennessee: 
H.R. 6036. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to provide for family and med-
ical leave for certain Department of Vet-
erans Affairs employees, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-
fairs. 
By Mr. SARBANES (for himself, Mr. 
NADLER, Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Ms. 
BASS, Ms. SCANLON, and Mr. KEN-
NEDY): 
H.R. 6037. A bill to amend title 28, United 
States Code, with regard to counsel for per-
sons proceeding in forma pauperis; to the 
Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. SMITH of Washington (for him-
self, Mr. KHANNA, Ms. JAYAPAL, Mr. 
GOMEZ, Ms. NORTON, Mr. ROUDA, Mr. 
RUPPERSBERGER, Mrs. TORRES of Cali-
fornia, Mr. KENNEDY, Ms. MENG, Ms. 
TLAIB, Mr. BEYER, Mr. CASE, and Ms. 
SCHAKOWSKY): 
H.R. 6038. A bill to require the Federal 
Aviation Administration to provide funding 
for noise mitigation, and for other purposes; 
to the Committee on Transportation and In-
frastructure. 
By Mr. THOMPSON of California: 
H.R. 6039. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to seek to enter into an 
agreement with the city of Vallejo, Cali-
fornia, for the transfer of Mare Island Naval 
Cemetery in Vallejo, California, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-
erans’ Affairs. 
By Ms. VELA´ ZQUEZ (for herself, Ms. 
JUDY
CHU
of California, and Ms. 
MENG): 
H.R. 6040. A bill to amend the Small Busi-
ness Act to ensure small businesses affected 
by the onset of communicable diseases are 
eligible for disaster relief; to the Committee 
on Small Business. 
By Mr. WRIGHT (for himself and Mr. 
VELA): 
H.R. 6041. A bill to allow expenses in con-
nection with the performance of services as a 
member of a reserve component or State de-
fense forces to be taken into account as a 
miscellaneous itemized deduction; to the 
Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER: 
H. Con. Res. 93. Concurrent resolution hon-
oring the life and work of Louis Lorenzo 
Redding, whose lifelong dedication to civil 
rights and service stand as an example of 
leadership for all people; to the Committee 
on Oversight and Reform. 
By Mr. WALTZ (for himself, Mrs. 
DEMINGS, Mr. HASTINGS, Mr. DIAZ- 
BALART, Mrs. MURPHY of Florida, Mr. 
DEUTCH, Mr. SOTO, Ms. CASTOR
of 
Florida, Mr. LAWSON of Florida, Mr. 
MAST, Mr. POSEY, Ms. SHALALA, Mr. 
SPANO, Mr. RUTHERFORD, Ms. WILSON 
of Florida, Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ, 
Mr. BILIRAKIS, Ms. MUCARSEL-POW-
ELL, Mr. CRIST, and Ms. FRANKEL): 
H. Con. Res. 94. Concurrent resolution au-
thorizing the use of the rotunda of the Cap-
itol for a ceremony to present the statue of 
Mary McLeod Bethune from the people of 
Florida for placement in National Statuary 
Hall; to the Committee on House Adminis-
tration. 
By Mr. MCNERNEY (for himself and 
Mr. PALAZZO): 
H. Res. 876. A resolution expressing support 
for the designation of February 28, as 
‘‘Desert Storm Veterans Day’’; to the Com-
mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-
tives, the following statements are sub-
mitted regarding the specific powers 
granted to Congress in the Constitu-
tion to enact the accompanying bill or 
joint resolution. 
By Mr. BOST: 
H.R. 6013. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8. 
By Mr. TIPTON: 
H.R. 6014. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8: ‘‘To regulate com-
merce with foreign nations, and among the 
several states, and with the Indian tribes;’’ 
By Mr. STEIL: 
H.R. 6015. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution, ‘‘To regulate commerce 
with foreign nations, and among the several 
states, and with the Indian tribes’’ 
By Mrs. LESKO: 
H.R. 6016. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to 
Clause 7 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
United States Constitution, which provides 
Congress with the ability to enact legisla-
tion necessary and proper to effectuate its 
purposes in taxing and spending. 
By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia: 
H.R. 6017. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
U.S. Constitution, Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. CORREA: 
H.R. 6018. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
(1) The U.S. Constitution including Article 
1, Section 8. 
By Mr. JEFFRIES: 
H.R. 6019. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18, to make all 
laws which shall be necessary and proper for 
carrying into execution the foregoing pow-
ers, and all other powers vested by the Con-
stitution in the Government of the United 
States, or in any Department or Officer 
thereof. 
By Mrs. TRAHAN: 
H.R. 6020. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 
8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. SABLAN: 
H.R. 6021. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 
‘‘The Congress shall have Power to . . . 
provide for the . . . general Welfare of the 
United States; . . .’’ 
By Mr. BROWN of Maryland: 
H.R. 6022. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Necessary and Proper Clause (Art. 1, Sec. 8, 
Cl. 18) 
By Ms. BROWNLEY of California: 
H.R. 6023. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: 
H.R. 6024. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (relating to 
the power of Congress to regulate Commerce 
with foreign Nations, and among the several 
States, and with the Indian Tribes.) 
By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts: 
H.R. 6025. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 14 
By Mr. COHEN: 
H.R. 6026. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. GALLEGO: 
H.R. 6027. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. GOMEZ: 
H.R. 6028. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States 
By Mr. KELLY of Mississippi: 
H.R. 6029. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to 
Clause 7 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
United States Constitution, which provides 
Congress with the ability to enact legisla-
tion necessary and proper to effectuate its 
purposes in taxing and spending. 
By Mr. KELLY of Mississippi: 
H.R. 6030. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to 
Article I, Section 8, clause 14 providing Con-
gress with the power to make rules for the 
government and regulation of the land and 
naval forces. 
By Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire: 
H.R. 6031. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8: That Congress has the 
Power . . . To make all Laws which shall be 
necessary and proper for carrying into Exe-
cution the foregoing Powers, and all other 
Powers vested by this Constitution in the 
Government of the United States, or in any 
Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. LANGEVIN: 
H.R. 6032. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mrs. LAWRENCE: 
H.R. 6033. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-
stitution of the United States. 
By Ms. MCCOLLUM: 
H.R. 6034. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution. 
By Mr. PETERSON: 
H.R. 6035. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. 
Constitution. 
By Mr. DAVID P. ROE of Tennessee: 
H.R. 6036. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:53 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00169
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\L28FE7.100
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 168-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1424 
February 28, 2020 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution, which states ‘‘[t]he Congress 
shall have power to lay and collect taxes, du-
ties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts 
and provide for the common defense and gen-
eral welfare of the United States; but all du-
ties, imposts and excises shall be uniform 
throughout the United States’’ 
By Mr. SARBANES: 
H.R. 6037. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section VIII 
By Mr. SMITH of Washington: 
H.R. 6038. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8 Clause 3—‘‘To regulate 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among 
the several States, and within the Indian 
Tribes.’’ 
Article 1 Section 8 Clause 18—‘‘To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for 
carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-
ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-
stitution in the Government of the United 
States, or in any Department or Officer 
thereof.’’ 
By Mr. THOMPSON of California: 
H.R. 6039. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I 
By Ms. VELA´ ZQUEZ: 
H.R. 6040. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
The Congress shall have Power *** To regu-
late Commerce with foreign Nations, and 
among the several States, and with the In-
dian Tribes. 
By Mr. WRIGHT: 
H.R. 6041. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
clause 1 of section 8 of article 1 of the 
Consitution 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-
tions, as follows: 
H.R. 208: Mr. VARGAS and Mr. GONZALEZ of 
Texas. 
H.R. 216: Mr. GIANFORTE. 
H.R. 516: Mr. RIGGLEMAN. 
H.R. 587: Mr. WATKINS and Mr. JOHN W. 
ROSE of Tennessee. 
H.R. 660: Mr. GRIJALVA. 
H.R. 741: Mrs. WAGNER. 
H.R. 838: Ms. DELBENE. 
H.R. 884: Mrs. BEATTY. 
H.R. 1043: Mr. ARRINGTON and Mr. WATKINS. 
H.R. 1126: Mr. LUCAS. 
H.R. 1156: Mr. SMUCKER and Mr. COMER. 
H.R. 1227: Mr. ARRINGTON. 
H.R. 1516: Ms. PRESSLEY. 
H.R. 1527: Mr. LUCAS. 
H.R. 1579: Mr. COMER. 
H.R. 1694: Mrs. NAPOLITANO. 
H.R. 1713: Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. 
H.R. 1762: Mr. HAGEDORN. 
H.R. 1766: Mr. BALDERSON, Mr. GIBBS, Ms. 
SHALALA, Mr. GOMEZ, Ms. SCHRIER, Mr. 
PAPPAS, Mr. LEVIN of Michigan, and Ms. 
JOHNSON of Texas. 
H.R. 1784: Mr. TRONE. 
H.R. 1869: Mr. STEUBE. 
H.R. 1873: Mr. HAGEDORN. 
H.R. 1956: Mr. CARBAJAL and Mrs. ROBY. 
H.R. 2000: Ms. HOULAHAN. 
H.R. 2117: Mr. AMODEI, Mr. JOHNSON
of 
South Dakota, and Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 2148: Mr. SUOZZI. 
H.R. 2166: Mr. DESAULNIER. 
H.R. 2168: Mr. TRONE. 
H.R. 2207: Mrs. LURIA. 
H.R. 2214: Mr. SCHRADER and Mr. COSTA. 
H.R. 2235: Mr. LAMB and Ms. KELLY of Illi-
nois. 
H.R. 2305: Mr. PAPPAS. 
H.R. 2350: Mr. ZELDIN. 
H.R. 2491: Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. 
H.R. 2577: Mr. DEFAZIO. 
H.R. 2680: Mr. HECK. 
H.R. 2694: Mr. FORTENBERRY, Mr. BISHOP of 
Georgia, Mr. VAN DREW, Mr. DIAZ-BALART, 
Mr. O’HALLERAN, and Mr. SCHNEIDER. 
H.R. 2731: Mr. KATKO and Mr. NEGUSE. 
H.R. 2772: Mr. STEUBE. 
H.R. 2791: Mr. JOYCE of Ohio. 
H.R. 2802: Mr. STANTON and Mr. SUOZZI. 
H.R. 2815: Ms. SPANBERGER, Ms. SEWELL of 
Alabama, Mr. BRINDISI, and Mrs. AXNE. 
H.R. 2896: Mr. LUJA´ N. 
H.R. 2897: Mr. TRONE and Mr. YARMUTH. 
H.R. 2912: Mr. CARSON
of Indiana, Mrs. 
BUSTOS, and Mr. LAMB. 
H.R. 2931: Mr. DESAULNIER. 
H.R. 2999: Mrs. TORRES of California and 
Mr. COOK. 
H.R. 3000: Mr. BUCHANAN. 
H.R. 3107: Mr. WALBERG. 
H.R. 3114: Mr. BEYER, Mr. BRENDAN
F. 
BOYLE of Pennsylvania, Mrs. BUSTOS, Mr. 
CLEAVER, Ms. DEAN, Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI, 
Mr. NEGUSE, Mr. PAYNE, Mr. ROSE of New 
York, and Mr. VARGAS. 
H.R. 3121: Mr. TURNER. 
H.R. 3197: Mr. HECK and Mrs. HAYES. 
H.R. 3219: Mr. ROUDA, Ms. WASSERMAN 
SCHULTZ, Mr. KEATING, Ms. KAPTUR, and Mr. 
MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 3250: Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. 
H.R. 3266: Ms. SPANBERGER. 
H.R. 3306: Mr. NEWHOUSE and Mr. GALLA-
GHER. 
H.R. 3332: Mr. KENNEDY. 
H.R. 3366: Ms. JAYAPAL. 
H.R. 3582: Mr. DEFAZIO. 
H.R. 3663: Ms. DELAURO. 
H.R. 3816: Mr. BANKS. 
H.R. 3878: Ms. STEFANIK. 
H.R. 3880: Mr. CASE. 
H.R. 3910: Mr. SOTO, Ms. BARRAGA´ N, and 
Mr. KHANNA. 
H.R. 3957: Ms. WATERS and Ms. VELA´ ZQUEZ. 
H.R. 3971: Mr. TIPTON. 
H.R. 4165: Mr. CASE. 
H.R. 4280: Mr. KENNEDY. 
H.R. 4291: Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. 
H.R. 4438: Mr. TED LIEU of California. 
H.R. 4540: Ms. BONAMICI, Mr. JEFFRIES, Mr. 
LAMB, and Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER. 
H.R. 4549: Mr. PENCE. 
H.R. 4697: Mr. SCHIFF, Ms. BARRAGA´ N, Ms. 
BLUNT ROCHESTER, Mr. CARBAJAL, Ms. BASS, 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida, Mr. KENNEDY, and Mr. 
HARDER of California. 
H.R. 4705: Ms. JACKSON LEE. 
H.R. 4762: Mr. GONZALEZ of Ohio. 
H.R. 4764: Mr. GRIJALVA. 
H.R. 4800: Mr. NORMAN. 
H.R. 4804: Mr. PETERS. 
H.R. 4807: Mr. CLINE. 
H.R. 4906: Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire, 
Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, 
Mr. BISHOP
of Georgia, Ms. WATERS, Ms. 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ, Mr. ROSE of New York, 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina, and Mrs. DIN-
GELL. 
H.R. 4945: Ms. DEAN and Mr. RUTHERFORD. 
H.R. 5004: Mrs. HAYES. 
H.R. 5036: Mrs. BEATTY. 
H.R. 5075: Mrs. MCBATH. 
H.R. 5170: Mr. UPTON. 
H.R. 5175: Mr. COLE. 
H.R. 5187: Mr. SHERMAN, Ms. LEE of Cali-
fornia, Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. ENGEL, 
Mr. PANETTA, Mrs. HAYES, Mr. GRIJALVA, Mr. 
THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. DEFAZIO, Ms. 
CLARKE of New York, Ms. ESHOO, Mr. GREEN 
of Texas, Mr. TED LIEU of California, Mr. 
BLUMENAUER, Ms. JAYAPAL, Mr. CASE, Ms. 
ADAMS, 
Ms. 
SPEIER, 
Mr. 
POCAN, 
Ms. 
VELA´ ZQUEZ, Mr. CLEAVER, Mr. GARCI´A of Illi-
nois, Ms. MOORE, Ms. MATSUI, Mr. MCNER-
NEY, Ms. LOFGREN, Ms. GABBARD, Mr. EVANS, 
Mr. 
THOMPSON
of 
California, 
Mr. 
DESAULNIER, and Mr. COURTNEY. 
H.R. 5210: Ms. PRESSLEY. 
H.R. 5221: Miss RICE of New York and Mr. 
PASCRELL. 
H.R. 5312: Mr. NEGUSE, Mr. KILDEE, and 
Mrs. MILLER. 
H.R. 5385: Mr. BACON, Mr. CLEAVER, Mr. 
CLAY, Ms. NORTON, and Mr. RYAN. 
H.R. 5390: Ms. LOFGREN. 
H.R. 5458: Mr. LAMBORN. 
H.R. 5459: Mr. LAMBORN. 
H.R. 5480: Mr. GREEN of Tennessee. 
H.R. 5481: Mr. COLE. 
H.R. 5485: Mr. DAVID P. ROE of Tennessee. 
H.R. 5493: Mr. TIMMONS, Mrs. RODGERS of 
Washington, Mr. CARTER
of Georgia, Mr. 
JOHNSON of Louisiana, and Mr. STEWART. 
H.R. 5519: Mr. CURTIS. 
H.R. 5534: Mr. CURTIS and Mr. NEGUSE. 
H.R. 5535: Mr. MALINOWSKI. 
H.R. 5587: Mr. BLUMENAUER. 
H.R. 5598: Mr. KILMER. 
H.R. 5602: Mr. PAYNE, Mrs. BUSTOS, Mr. 
SOTO, and Mr. PETERS. 
H.R. 5605: Mrs. RODGERS of Washington and 
Ms. SLOTKIN. 
H.R. 5610: Mr. DEFAZIO, Mr. HASTINGS, and 
Mr. PHILLIPS. 
H.R. 5628: Mr. STEUBE. 
H.R. 5630: Ms. NORTON. 
H.R. 5674: Mr. CRIST. 
H.R. 5697: Mrs. LURIA. 
H.R. 5737: Mr. POCAN. 
H.R. 5751: Ms. JACKSON LEE. 
H.R. 5752: Mr. GARAMENDI. 
H.R. 5755: Mrs. AXNE. 
H.R. 5827: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois and 
Mr. WRIGHT. 
H.R. 5829: Mr. MAST and Mr. STEUBE. 
H.R. 5845: Mr. BLUMENAUER. 
H.R. 5848: Mr. CLAY. 
H.R. 5862: Mrs. MILLER and Mr. GOODEN. 
H.R. 5875: Mr. WATKINS and Mr. GOHMERT. 
H.R. 5884: Ms. SCANLON. 
H.R. 5902: Mr. BLUMENAUER. 
H.R. 5920: Ms. SPEIER and Mrs. DAVIS of 
California. 
H.R. 5932: Mr. CLEAVER. 
H.R. 5935: Mr. WEBER of Texas, Mr. GOH-
MERT, and Mr. STEUBE. 
H.R. 5955: Ms. OCASIO-CORTEZ
and Ms. 
JACKSON LEE. 
H.R. 5993: Mr. STIVERS, Mr. KATKO, and Mr. 
AMODEI. 
H. Con. Res. 85: Ms. CASTOR of Florida. 
H. Res. 96: Mr. LAMB. 
H. Res. 134: Mr. GONZALEZ of Ohio. 
H. Res. 230: Mr. NEGUSE. 
H. Res. 374: Mr. ARMSTRONG, Mr. KATKO, 
Mrs. FLETCHER, Mrs. AXNE, Mr. JOHN
W. 
ROSE of Tennessee, and Mr. VEASEY. 
H. Res. 395: Mr. CHABOT, Mr. RASKIN, and 
Mrs. AXNE. 
H. Res. 840: Mr. HASTINGS. 
H. Res. 850: Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. GRI-
JALVA, Ms. OMAR, and Mr. HECK. 
H. Res. 851: Ms. JACKSON
LEE
and Ms. 
MOORE. 
H. Res. 862: Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire, 
Mr. MAST, and Ms. Craig. 
H. Res. 864: Mr. SMITH of Nebraska and Mr. 
FULCHER. 
H. Res. 868: Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:53 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00170
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE7.007
H28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 169-
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E231 
February 28, 2020 
RECOGNIZING HAROLD ‘‘RAY’’ 
HERRON 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 28, 2020 
Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Madam Speaker, 
I rise today to celebrate the life of Harold 
‘‘Ray’’ Herron, who passed away on Saturday, 
February 22, at the age of 81. 
Ray was born on February 26, 1938, in 
Senatobia, Mississippi. He was an American 
patriot who served our great nation in the 
United States Army for over 21 years. Ray set 
an example of faith for his family to follow and 
was a member of the Crockett Church of 
Christ in Senatobia. 
Left to cherish his memory is his wife of 27 
years, Betty Herron; his children, Tom Herron, 
Donny Herron, Anne Austin, Terry Hallmark, 
Pamela 
Hallmark, 
Dudley 
Hallmark, 
and 
Kenny Russell; his grandchildren, Alex and 
Emily 
Herron, 
Amy 
and 
Phillip 
Corly, 
Dewayne, Jamie, and Latashia Russell and 
Heather, Sam and Cody Hallmark, as well as 
many friends and extended family members. 
Ray’s life was one of service, grace, and 
love for his family and community. He will be 
greatly missed by all whom he encountered. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DAX WILSON OF 
BILLINGS 
HON. GREG GIANFORTE 
OF MONTANA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 28, 2020 
Mr. GIANFORTE. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Dax Wilson of Billings for his 
work in engaging his community on the impor-
tance of donating blood. 
Dax’s motivation is his mother, Cassidy. 
After giving birth to Dax, she developed a rare 
blood disorder which left her in desperate 
need for blood transfusions. During her treat-
ment, the hospital realized they didn’t have 
enough blood on hand. The shortage led doc-
tors to call hospitals in Kansas City and Den-
ver for help. During his mother’s time in the 
hospital, she received 700 pints of plasma and 
blood. The donations saved her life, and now 
Dax is looking to save more. 
Now a junior at Billings Senior High School, 
Dax donates blood regularly, but he’s always 
wanted to do more. As a member of the Plat-
inum Program, a high school honors organiza-
tion, Dax found an opportunity to do just that. 
A requirement of the program is to complete 
a community service project. Using this plat-
form, Dax launched ‘‘Drops for Life,’’ a pro-
gram that partners with the local blood dona-
tion center to prepare blood drives throughout 
the community. Starting this March, all three 
high schools in the area will participate in 
blood drives organized by Dax’s program. 
Dax says not enough people are aware of 
how much hospitals and clinics need blood 
and plasma. He says if people knew one hour 
spent donating can save up to three lives, 
more people would give. His efforts have cre-
ated a wonderful opportunity to support a 
cause that will help Montanans throughout the 
state. 
Madam Speaker, for his devotion to pro-
moting blood drives, increasing awareness, 
and saving lives, I recognize Dax Wilson for 
his Spirit of Montana. 
f 
REMEMBERING LIEUTENANT 
GOVERNOR ROBERT B. JORDAN III 
HON. DAVID E. PRICE 
OF NORTH CAROLINA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 28, 2020 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Madam 
Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and 
work of Robert B. ‘‘Bob’’ Jordan III, North 
Carolina’s former Lieutenant Governor, a civic 
and business leader, and a longtime friend. 
Bob’s death on February 16, 2020 has been 
met with an outpouring of fond recollections, 
fulsome tributes, and expressions of affection 
and respect that attest to his life of service 
and the impact it had on our state. Lisa and 
I want to express our sympathy to Bob’s wife 
Sarah, their family, and Bob’s many friends 
and admirers. 
A native of Mount Gilead, North Carolina, 
Bob attended North Carolina State University 
(NCSU), graduating with a degree in forestry, 
and was then commissioned Second Lieuten-
ant in the U.S. Army. He served two years in 
Europe and rose to the rank of Captain. Bob 
then returned to Mount Gilead and began a 
long career as head of Jordan Lumber and 
Supply. He also showed a knack for politics 
and was asked at age 24 to serve on the town 
board. Four years later he was appointed to 
what is now called the Board of Governors of 
the University of North Carolina system. 
Bob’s career in state politics began with his 
election in 1976 to the N.C. Senate, where he 
served for eight years, representing Mont-
gomery, Anson, Richmond, Scotland, Stanly 
and Union Counties. He was elected Lieuten-
ant Governor in 1984 and almost became gov-
ernor, running a valiant race in 1988. 
Bob had a remarkable ability to bridge di-
vides and find common ground. He brokered 
a major agreement to increase investment in 
North Carolina’s highways, and another to fi-
nance statewide school construction. The N.C. 
Rural Economic Development Center is a 
monument to his leadership, as is the N.C. 
Biotechnology Center, the first state-funded 
economic development organization of its 
kind. 
Bob Jordan provided educational leadership 
throughout his career, helping established the 
Basic Education Program, a comprehensive 
plan to equalize access to education, and the 
Teaching Fellows program, a highly successful 
scholarship program for prospective teachers. 
He was instrumental in the creation of the 
present UNC governance structure and served 
on the Boards of Trustees for UNC–Charlotte 
and NCSU as well as the state community col-
lege system. 
I first got to know Bob through my mentor, 
N.C. Senator Russell Walker, and was serving 
as state Democratic Chairman in 1984 when 
Bob was elected Lt. Governor (his election 
was about the only good news Democrats got 
that night). He was one of the most conscien-
tious and well-motivated people I have known 
in politics. I agree with his friend and mine, 
Former N.C. Senator Gerry Hancock, who de-
scribed Bob to a reporter as ‘‘one of the most 
honorable, decent, hard-working people we’ve 
ever known.’’ 
We are indeed better for having known him, 
and our state is better by virtue of his steady 
and visionary leadership. Bob Jordan’s con-
tribution lives on in those whose opportunities 
have been broadened and horizons have been 
extended by virtue of his dedicated service. 
f 
HONORING 
THE 
MARINES 
AND 
SAILORS OF SITE SUPPORT AU-
RORA 
HON. JASON CROW 
OF COLORADO 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 28, 2020 
Mr. CROW. Madam Speaker, it is my honor 
today to recognize the accomplishments of the 
Marines and Sailors of Site Support Aurora, 
who will be honored by the Chamber of North-
west Douglas County as a ‘‘Citizens Who 
Soar.’’ 
These service members have been an inte-
gral part of the local community serving on 
Buckley Air Force Base. They are Active Duty 
support personnel who instruct and assist Ma-
rine Corps Reserve units in maintaining a con-
tinuous state of readiness for mobilization. 
They primarily inspect and render technical 
advice on command functions including oper-
ations, training, administration, and logistical 
support. While their primary duties focus on 
training and advising the reserve Marines, 
their efforts extend beyond this scope and in-
clude service within the local community. 
Through their efforts, these Marines and 
Sailors supported a Toys for Tots drive which 
resulted in over 186,364 toys being distributed 
to 99,800 children in the Denver metropolitan 
area. In addition to this monumental effort, in 
2019 these Marines and Sailors rendered mili-
tary funeral honors to over 360 Marines who 
honorably served their country. 
Through their devotion to duty and commit-
ment to service, these service members have 
had an incredibly positive impact on the com-
munity. Their success in not only training our 
Reserve Marines, but also supporting the local 
community through their selfless efforts serves 
as an inspiration to the public. 
As major contributors and an inspiration to 
the community, I congratulate these Marines 
and Sailors for receiving the recognition as 
‘‘Citizens Who Soar.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:42 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\K28FE8.001
E28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 170-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E232 
February 28, 2020 
IN RECOGNITION OF ROSELLA 
PURCELL ON HER 100TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. JAHANA HAYES 
OF CONNECTICUT 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 28, 2020 
Mrs. HAYES. Madam Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize Rosella Purcell, of Southbury, 
Connecticut, who will celebrate her 100th 
birthday on March 27, 2020. 
Ms. Purcell is the third youngest of four chil-
dren born to Rose and Jeffrey Donahue. While 
her older brothers, John and Joseph, have 
passed away, her ‘‘kid brother’’ Jeff is just as 
healthy as his older sister at the youthful age 
of 96. The two of them still enjoy their con-
versations on the phone talking about their 
memories of growing up in Danbury, Con-
necticut, and raising their families that now 
spread across four generations. 
During World War II, Ms. Purcell was a first 
lieutenant in United States Army, serving as a 
nurse at Fort Devens, Massachusetts. In 
1951, she married James Purcell, a veteran 
who served in the Atlantic Theater in General 
George S. Patton’s Third Army. Together they 
raised three children: Jay, Rosemary, and 
John. In addition to her children, Ms. Purcell 
has four grandchildren and 3 great grand-
children. 
Memories abound for the Purcell family of 
family 
gatherings, 
most 
notably 
at 
Misquamicut Beach in Westerly, Rhode Island, 
where they have vacationed regularly for the 
past 60 years. There, her children and grand-
children would spend hours on their bikes or 
in the ocean riding waves, playing endless 
games in the backyard of the family beach 
cottage, and riding the merry-go-round at 
Watch Hill hoping to capture the elusive gold 
ring. 
When asked what makes Ms. Purcell such 
a special lady, family members will say her 
faith, sense of humor, and sincerity. While she 
has dealt with hardships in recent years, she 
remains steadfast to her faith—a faith that 
continues to guide her through each day and 
passing night. To this day, Ms. Purcell re-
mains in good health and her mind is as sharp 
as ever. 
It is amazing to think about the history that 
Ms. Purcell has witnessed in her 100 years, 
from the Great Depression and World War II, 
to Neil Armstrong’s first step on the moon and 
so many other events that have shaped the 
20th and 21st centuries. However, what 
means the most to Ms. Purcell are the family 
members who will gather together to celebrate 
her 100th birthday and her family members 
who are no longer with us. 
Madam Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join 
me in extending warmest wishes to Ms. Pur-
cell for a happy birthday and continued good 
health. I would also like to thank her for her 
service to our country. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF MARTHA 
D. (PATSY) WHITE 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 28, 2020 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today in memory of Martha D. (Patsy) White, 
who passed away on November 19, 2019, at 
the age of 90 after a lifetime of public service 
to her community. 
Born in 1929, in New York City, Ms. White 
spent much of her childhood with her parents 
in Italy and France, where her father was 
working prior to World War II. Later, she at-
tended school in Boston, where she graduated 
high school and later from Colby Junior Col-
lege in New Hampshire in 1948. She later 
moved to San Francisco where she met hus-
band Peter when he was stationed with the 
Army in Monterey. They soon married and had 
two children Cordie (Cornelia) and David, be-
fore moving to Sacramento and having their 
third child, Chip (Frances). In 1963, the family 
moved to Marinwood and in 1988 they settled 
Novato. 
In 1963, Ms. White started working for the 
Mill Valley School District, holding several po-
sitions including receptionist, administrative 
assistant to three superintendents, and finally 
as a business manager. Ms. White went back 
to school and received her Bachelor of Arts 
with a specially designed degree in Edu-
cational Management in 1978. In addition to 
her work with the school district, Ms. White 
was also involved in the League of Women 
Voters for over 50 years, and she was award-
ed the League’s Bunny Award in 2006. Ms. 
White also served on the Marinwood Commu-
nity Services District, cofounded the Marin 
Housing Council, and participated in the 
Novato Housing Coalition and in the Marin En-
vironmental Housing Collaborative. She also 
served on the North Bay YMCA Board, and 
was named the YMCA’s volunteer of the year 
in 2005. In 2008, Ms. White was named 
Novato’s Citizen of the Year. 
Beyond her incredible community service, 
Ms. White enjoyed spending her free time en-
tertaining, traveling, swimming, going to the Y, 
watching and feeding local birds, knitting, 
needlepointing, calligraphy, and water color 
painting. Most of all, she loved spending time 
with her family and friends. 
Ms. White was predeceased by her hus-
band, Peter, in 2018. She is survived by her 
sister Cornelia Dimmitt, her daughter Cornelia 
and husband George, her sons Francis White 
and Dr. David White and David’s wife Judy, 
and two grandchildren, Kyle White and Dr. 
Ashley White. While she will be greatly 
missed, Ms. White’s legacy will live on through 
the indelible positive impact she had on her 
community and beyond. 
f 
COMMEMORATING 
THE 
KIWANIS 
CLUB 
OF 
PASADENA 
CENTEN-
NIAL ANNIVERSARY 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 28, 2020 
Mr. SCHIFF. Madam Speaker, I rise today 
to honor the Kiwanis Club of Pasadena upon 
its centennial anniversary. 
Kiwanis International is a volunteer-led glob-
al organization committed to service and 
strengthening goodwill. Since its founding in 
1915, Kiwanis has grown to nearly six-hun-
dred thousand members spanning across 
eighty countries. 
The Kiwanis Club of Pasadena was founded 
in 1920 and is one of the oldest Kiwanis Clubs 
in the world. Their objective is to make the 
City of Pasadena a better place to live and to 
accomplish their goals working together as a 
team. The club has approximately forty mem-
bers and supports many organizations that 
help the local community. These include Union 
Station Homeless Services, where club mem-
bers help prepare, cook, and serve monthly 
meals to the shelter’s homeless families, Villa 
Esperanza Services where members assist 
disabled adults in the Pasadena area, through 
the Aktion Club, and the Salvation Army. 
The club also works with local Key Clubs, 
which are international leadership service pro-
grams for high school students, by holding a 
‘‘Career Day,’’ allowing Key Club members to 
visit various businesses for a day to learn 
about different careers. In addition, the 
Kiwanis Club of Pasadena provides annual 
educational scholarships to outstanding stu-
dents in the Pasadena area and supports the 
Camperships for Kids program for youth to at-
tend summer camp. 
The care, time and energy that the Kiwanis 
Club of Pasadena has given to the community 
is extraordinary and the residents of the Pasa-
dena area have benefitted greatly. I ask all 
Members to join me in commending the 
Kiwanis Club of Pasadena upon their celebra-
tion of one hundred years of outstanding serv-
ice. 
f 
BLACK 
HISTORY 
MONTH 
ESSAY 
CONTEST 
2020 
GRADES 
6 
THROUGH 8 
HON. A. DONALD McEACHIN 
OF VIRGINIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 28, 2020 
Mr. MCEACHIN. Madam Speaker, I would 
like to take this opportunity to recognize exem-
plary middle and high school students from 
Virginia’s Fourth Congressional District who 
were selected as winners of the Black History 
Month essay contest I hosted earlier this 
month. I am inspired by the words of these 
students, and I encourage young people 
across our country to reflect on what this 
month means to them personally. 
Since its creation less than 50 years ago, 
Black History Month has been a time to honor 
and recognize the remarkable achievements 
of the African-American community. Madam 
Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in 
recognizing these distinguished students and 
their accomplishments in celebration of Black 
History Month. 
I include in the RECORD Trenton Blake’s 
winning essay: 
WHAT BLACK HISTORY MONTH MEANS TO ME 
As an African American male, Black His-
tory means a great deal to me. In todays so-
ciety racism impacts the lives of my people 
in a number of ways and for me that is very 
scary. Black history means to me that no 
matter how the world views me, I am some-
body and I stand on the shoulders of those 
before me. I can not think of what black his-
tory means to me without thinking of the 
years of slavery my ancestors had to endure. 
I think of the world we live in, and I don’t 
understand why racism continues to exist 
today. The achievements of black people 
compared to the many pitfalls set before us 
should allow people to see how strong and re-
silient of a people we are, instead they only 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:42 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A28FE8.001
E28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 171-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E233 
February 28, 2020 
continue their attempts to destroy us and 
what we value and love. 
I wish black history month would mean to 
everyone what is means to me. Black history 
month means to me that in times of turmoil 
I have the strength to rise victorious. Black 
history month is a time where all can re-
flect, not on the narrative they want us to 
believe in, but one that is factual and full of 
strength, hope and promise. It’s one where 
Mansa Musa was King of the Mali empire in 
1312 and is regarded even today as the richest 
man in the history of the world. Black his-
tory month means to me even as an enslaved 
people, Harriet Tubman led about 13 mis-
sions to help many to freedom and shared 
she could have freed more if they only know 
they were enslaved. Black history month 
means to me we must pass the knowledge of 
the achievements of our ancestors like the 
establishment of what was known as Black 
Wall Street. Black wall street was a very 
prosperous and self-sufficient business dis-
trict in Oklahoma where black people owned 
barbershops and stores, schools and even a 
local newspaper. Black history month means 
to me that I can help the advancement of the 
world like Dr. Gladys West who is a mathe-
matician who grew up locally in Sutherland 
VA and helped with the technology used to 
create the GPS systems everyone uses today. 
Black history month means to me it is a 
time where all people should be able to re-
flect upon the history of African Americans. 
This is a time where our culture, contribu-
tions, music, and arts should be celebrated 
as a positive influence and reviewed as leav-
ing a positive impact on the entire world. 
Black history month is a time where we 
should be able to come together as a people 
and uplift one another and celebrate the 
many achievements of our past and the hope 
and realization of a rich future. 
f 
HONORING DR. JEROME L. RICE 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 28, 2020 
Mr. ENGEL, Madam Speaker, it is my sin-
cere honor to recognize a long-time public 
servant, a beloved community leader in Coop 
City, and one of my good friends, Dr. Jerome 
L. Rice, President of the NAACP Coop City 
branch and a member of the Riverbay Board. 
Dr. Rice is moving to Florida at the end of 
March. He and his family will surely be 
missed. 
Dr. Rice served over 22 years in the Armed 
Forced retiring with the rank of E8/First Ser-
geant. He has also served with the New York 
City Department of Correction for 25 years re-
tiring with the rank of Captain. Dr. Rice has 
served as NAACP Co-op President since 2012 
and has served on the Riverbay Board since 
2017. In February 2020, Dr. Rice received his 
PhD in Criminal Justice from Walden Univer-
sity 
specializing 
in 
Social 
& 
Behavioral 
Science. In 2017 he was invited into the Alpha 
Phi Sigma Nu Chapter Criminal Justice Honor 
Society. In 2008 he received his MBA from 
Monroe College majoring in Business Man-
agement. Throughout his life he has been a 
long and faithful servant for the Thessalonia 
Worship Center, where he served as chair of 
the trustee board and assistant director of the 
food pantry. Dr. Rice is also the Past No. 
Commander for the Ametican Legion Post No. 
1871 where he provided various services to 
veterans. 
In addition, Dr. Rice is also a 2019 Inductee 
into the New York State Senate Veterans Hall 
of Fame; an NAACP Silver Life Member; a re-
cipient of the NAACP Freedom Fund Award 
for Community Service; a recipient of the AIM 
High Ambassador Mentorship Award; and was 
the First Elected President for the Monroe Col-
lege Toastmasters Club. While serving as di-
rector of Community Relations for 100 Blacks 
in Law Enforcement Who Care, he had cre-
ated various survival workshop designed to 
educate both communities and local elected 
officials. And if all of that wasn’t enough, Dr. 
Rice was also a heroic 9/11 first-responder. 
Madam Speaker, Dr. Rice always says, 
‘‘Don’t stand on the sidelines of Justice, get in 
the fight.’’ I can’t think of a more fitting motto 
for him and I want to thank him for all the 
work he’s done to strengthen our community. 
We’re going to miss Dr. Rice and his wonder-
ful wife Eulalee deeply here in the Bronx, but 
we wish them well on their new journey. 
f 
225TH 
ANNIVERSARY 
OF 
MARI-
NER’S TEMPLE BAPTIST CHURCH 
IN NEW YORK CITY 
HON. NYDIA M. VELA´ZQUEZ 
OF NEW YORK 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 28, 2020 
Ms. VELA´ ZQUEZ. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the 225th anniversary of 
Mariner’s Temple Baptist Church located at 3 
Henry Street * 12 Oliver Street (Mariners’ 
Temple Lane) in New York City. The Church’s 
history is deeply rooted with the history of the 
Nation and this year celebrates a momentous 
milestone. 
According to history, in 1795, Henry Rut-
gers, a descendent of Dutch immigrants, do-
nated land on the corner of Oliver and Henry 
Streets designated for Baptist worship. Lo-
cated a few blocks from the first White House 
occupied by George Washington and his wife 
on Cherry Lane, the first Church at Oliver and 
Henry Streets was called the Oliver Street 
Meeting House. The early Church began as a 
Mission for seamen who docked at the nearby 
East River and the church became famous. 
Mariner’s Church was established as a food 
and shelter mission for the seamen whose 
hard work helped New York City develop into 
a HUB of commerce and culture. The church 
is one of the oldest sites for Baptist worship in 
Manhattan offering innovative ministry in re-
sponse to the great influx of immigration. Mari-
ners’ Temple gained the reputation as ‘‘The 
Mother of Churches,’’ launching the First 
Swedish Baptist Church, the First Italian 
Church, the First Norwegian-Danish Baptist 
Church, The first Lettish (Latvian) Church, the 
First Russian Church and the First Chinese 
Church as each new arrival of immigrants 
moved through the Lower East Side. From the 
1940s to the 1970s, Mariners’ Temple contin-
ued to be a spiritual center welcoming all eth-
nic groups in the neighborhood and estab-
lishing supportive missions and classes for 
Chinese, Latinx and African Americans. 
Today, the church continues to be a beacon 
of hope for parishioners from all backgrounds. 
It takes the call to community engagement se-
riously. Mariner’s Temple community is incred-
ibly active, participating in a variety of min-
istries and programs. Under the leadership of 
Rev. Dr. Henrietta Carter, Mariners’ Temple 
remains committed to its missions and out-
reach initiatives. There is a ministry for every-
one as Mariners’ focuses on the ministries of 
Prayer, Church School/Christian Education, 
Evangelism, New Discipleship, Community 
Outreach, 
Communications, 
Sacred 
Arts 
Drama & Dance, Health, Wellness and Soul 
Care. Mariners’ Temple is a multicultural 
Church utilizing small-group-driven ministry to 
build and strengthen the community. 
Madam Speaker, as Mariner’s Temple cele-
brates this historic milestone, its congregation 
can take pride in an inspiring 225 years of fel-
lowship, worship, and service. I would like to 
congratulate Rev. Dr. Henrietta Carter and 
past and current members of the church’s 
congregation on this joyous occasion. Mariner 
Temple Baptist Church embodies the values 
of charity, inclusion, and integrity embraced by 
all New Yorkers. I wish them many more 
years full of growth and prosperity. 
f 
RECOGNIZING 
THOMAS 
EDISON 
MIDDLE SCHOOL OF MERIDEN, 
CONNECTICUT 
FOR 
BEING 
NAMED 
A 
NATIONAL 
MAGNET 
SCHOOL 
OF 
DISTINCTION 
BY 
MAGNET SCHOOLS OF AMERICA 
HON. JAHANA HAYES 
OF CONNECTICUT 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 28, 2020 
Mrs. HAYES. Madam Speaker, I rise to con-
gratulate Thomas Edison Middle School of 
Meriden, Connecticut for being named a Na-
tional Magnet School of Distinction by Magnet 
Schools of America. 
Thomas Edison is one of 12 schools in Con-
necticut and one of 142 in the country to be 
given this prestigious distinction. Its chal-
lenging curriculum, full engineering program, 
innovative technical supports, and strong fam-
ily and community partnerships have resulted 
in high student achievement at the school. 
Thomas Edison started an initiative that has 
provided every student with a laptop to help 
with their studies. That kind of investment in 
students and commitment to reducing disparity 
pays dividends—in student success. 
Even with plentiful resources, success takes 
staff buy-in, strong leadership and tireless 
work. I commend the staff at Thomas Edison 
for their commitment to their craft and dedica-
tion to students. 
But it also takes a community—parents de-
voted to their children’s learning, and students 
empowered and motivated to go the extra 
mile. Thomas Edison has implemented a Fam-
ilies as Partners program to foster mutual re-
spect and effective collaboration between fam-
ilies and school staff. It has also partnered 
with Community Health Center Inc. to provide 
behavioral health services and dental services 
at school. 
This comprehensive approach to supporting 
students with wraparound services makes a 
difference. Students learn best when their 
physical, mental and emotional needs are met. 
This week also happens to be National Pub-
lic Schools week—a week when we celebrate 
the significant contributions and accomplish-
ments of students, parents, educators and 
education advocates in our public schools. 
The achievements of Thomas Edison under-
score the importance of supporting robust fed-
eral investment in public education, including 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:42 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A28FE8.004
E28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 172-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E234 
February 28, 2020 
the Magnet Schools Assistance Program. I am 
committed to continuing to fight for strong sup-
ports and funding for public schools and pro-
grams with a track record of success, so that 
every school in my district and around the 
country has resources needed to mirror the 
accomplishments achieved at Thomas Edison 
Middle School. 
Every school in America has the potential to 
be a school of distinction—we just need to 
prioritize education. 
Again, I congratulate the Thomas Edison 
Middle School community for this award and 
honor. 
f 
BAKU POGROMS 
HON. ANDY LEVIN 
OF MICHIGAN 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 28, 2020 
Mr. LEVIN of Michigan. Madam Speaker, I 
rise, as the representative of a large and vi-
brant community of Armenian-Americans in 
southeast Michigan, in remembrance of the 
Baku pogroms. 
During these tragic events 30 years ago, Ar-
menians faced unthinkable horrors. Press re-
ports describe Armenians tossed out of their 
homes, their possessions thrown into bonfires. 
Others were killed by mobs. 
As we condemn this violence and remember 
those who were lost, we must also look for-
ward and reaffirm our commitment to the Ar-
menian people. 
Last year, I was proud to be an original co-
sponsor of and to cast my vote for the resolu-
tion that finally recognized the Armenian 
Genocide. Our vote affirms that there is no 
question about what happened to the Arme-
nian people, and that we will never forget it. 
I was also proud to support funding for aid 
to Artsakh, including support for critical 
demining projects. I am committed to con-
tinuing that support and working to secure the 
safety and wellbeing of the Armenian people. 
I stand with the Armenian-American commu-
nity of Michigan’s 9th District and across the 
nation, as they honor those lost during the 
Baku pogroms. Armenian-Americans have 
champions and friends in the U.S. House of 
Representatives. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SUZANNE BONAMICI 
OF OREGON 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 28, 2020 
Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Speaker, I was un-
able to be on the House floor on February 26, 
2020, because my flight from Oregon was 
canceled. If I had been present, I would have 
voted in favor of H.R. 35, the Emmett Till 
Antilynching Act. 
I am a cosponsor of H.R. 35, legislation to 
make lynching a federal hate crime. This bill is 
named in memory of Emmett Till, a fourteen- 
year-old African American child from Chicago 
who was brutally tortured and murdered in 
1955 by two white men during a trip to visit 
family in Mississippi. An all-white jury delib-
erated for less than an hour before finding the 
men not guilty of Till’s murder. Emmett is one 
of thousands of African American children, 
men, and women who have been lynched in 
this country in the past four centuries. Our 
country’s historical acceptance of lynching is 
appalling, and by passing this bill Congress 
took an important step in recognizing lynching 
for what it is—a hate crime. For hundreds of 
years people have escaped convictions and 
justice has been denied. This legislation can-
not and will not undo those unspeakable 
crimes, but it is an important step in reckoning 
with our nation’s history. I am grateful for Rep. 
RUSH’s leadership in advancing this bill, and I 
urge the Senate to quickly pass the bill so it 
can become law. 
f 
COMMEMORATING 
THE 
VICTIMS 
OF THE SUMGAIT AND BAKU PO-
GROMS 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 28, 2020 
Mr. SCHIFF. Madam Speaker, I rise to com-
memorate the 32nd anniversary of the pogrom 
against the Armenian residents of the town of 
Sumgait, Azerbaijan. On February 27, 1988, 
and for three days following, Azerbaijani mobs 
assaulted and killed Armenians. The violence 
left hundreds of Armenian civilians dead and 
injured, women and girls were raped, and 
some victims were burned alive. Thousands 
were forced to flee their homes, leaving be-
hind their belongings. 
Two years later, it is estimated that only 
40,000 of the 250,000 Armenian residents of 
Baku remained in Azerbaijan. On January 13, 
1990, organized Azerbaijani mobs turned on 
those remaining, many of them elderly or dis-
abled, and killed hundreds and injured many 
more. 
The pogroms came as a direct result of 
years of vicious, racist anti-Armenian propa-
ganda by Azerbaijani authorities, dehuman-
izing the Armenian residents of Azerbaijan and 
laying the groundwork for mass violence. Az-
erbaijani authorities made little effort to punish 
those responsible, instead attempting to cover 
up the atrocities and denying the government 
role in instigating the attacks. 
The pogroms accomplished their purpose in 
displacing the entire Armenian community 
from their homes in Azerbaijan, but in the dec-
ades since, Azerbaijani authorities have con-
tinued to fan the flames of ethnic hatred, using 
it as a tool to distract their populace from the 
corrupt and repressive regime in Baku. The 
anniversary of Sumgait is a reminder of the 
consequences when aggression and hatred 
grow unchecked. 
Madam Speaker, in less than two months 
we will mark the 105th Anniversary of the Ar-
menian Genocide, an event the Turkish gov-
ernment, Azerbaijan’s closest ally, goes to 
great lengths to deny. We must not let such 
crimes against humanity go unrecognized, 
whether they occurred yesterday or 30 years 
ago or 100 years ago. Today, let us pause to 
remember the victims of the atrocities of 
Sumgait and Baku pogroms. It is our moral 
obligation to condemn crimes of hatred and to 
remember the victims, in hope that history will 
not be repeated. 
INTRODUCTION OF A BILL TO AU-
THORIZE 
THE 
SECRETARY 
OF 
VETERANS 
AFFAIRS 
TO 
COL-
LECT 
OVERPAYMENT 
OF 
SPE-
CIALLY ADAPTED HOUSING AS-
SISTANCE 
HON. J. LUIS CORREA 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 28, 2020 
Mr. CORREA. Madam Speaker, the Depart-
ment of Veterans Affairs’ Specially Adapted 
Housing (SAH) program offers grants to assist 
veterans with service-connected disabilities 
with the purchase, construction, or modifica-
tion of their homes to meet their unique 
needs. 
The SAH program provides for an increased 
quality of life by allowing veterans to live inde-
pendently in their homes. Unfortunately, there 
have been cases where veterans have been 
unsatisfied with the quality of work provided. 
Currently, VA does not have the explicit au-
thority to recover SAH funds even if it deter-
mines there has been substandard work. 
To address this situation, my bill authorizes 
the Department of Veterans Affairs to deter-
mine whether SAH overpayments have oc-
curred as a result of a breach of contract and 
to recover such funds in the same manner as 
any other debt due to the United States. To 
prevent any financial burden for veterans and 
their families who receive an overpayment 
through no fault of their own, the bill requires 
VA to waive the overpayment. 
My legislation will allow for more account-
ability and discourage individuals from breach-
ing SAH contract. 
f 
HONORING BISHOP WILLIAM 
GEORGE FIELDS 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 28, 2020 
Mr. ENGEL. Madam Speaker, it is with a 
heavy heart that I rise to honor a leader in our 
community whom we recently lost, Bishop Wil-
liam George Fields of Refugee Temple Annex 
in the Bronx. 
Bishop Fields was a native New Yorker, 
born on June 16, 1932 in Harlem Hospital. He 
attended New York University and later re-
ceived a Doctor of Divinity Degree from the 
Universal Bible Institute. In 1959 Bishop Fields 
married Mother Bertha Lee Fields, and from 
their union they were blessed with 3 children, 
Bishop William Michael, Bertram Brett, and E. 
Beth Chism. They also had 4 wonderful grand-
children, Michael Aaron, Shekinah, Amon and 
Bethany, and 2 beautiful great-grandchildren, 
Zion and Katie. 
Bishop Fields was first ordained and ap-
pointed Pastor of Refugee Temple Annex in 
1961. In 1975, he was consecrated Bishop. 
Bishop Fields also held several other positions 
in ministry, including serving as chairman and 
member of many convention committees, in-
structor at the Church of Christ Bible Institute, 
and treasurer of the Board of Bishops. He also 
served faithfully for many years on the 47th 
Precinct Clergy Coalition in the Bronx. 
A dedicated, kind, and mild tempered lead-
er, Bishop Fields served as pastor of Refuge 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:42 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00004
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A28FE8.007
E28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 173-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E235 
February 28, 2020 
Temple Annex for more than 50 years. But he 
also served his country, including four years in 
the United States Air Force, and 26 years with 
the United States Treasury and Internal Rev-
enue Service. 
Madam Speaker, those who knew Bishop 
Fields will always remember him as a teacher, 
mentor, preacher, worshipper, kind-hearted, 
and above all, a good man. He will be deeply 
missed by the Bronx and Mount Vernon com-
munities in which he lived and served for so 
many years. My deepest condolences go out 
to his family. 
f 
RECOGNIZING ROBERT MOORE AS 
CONSTITUENT OF THE MONTH 
HON. MIKE LEVIN 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 28, 2020 
Mr. LEVIN of California. Madam Speaker, it 
is my honor to recognize a local veteran from 
my district, Robert ‘‘Bob’’ Moore, as my Feb-
ruary Constituent of the Month. February is 
Black History Month, and it is only fitting to 
recognize Moore’s patriotism and persever-
ance in celebration. Robert Moore is one of 
the nation’s first black men to serve in the Ma-
rine Corps and last surviving Montford Point 
Marine. 
During a time of extreme division, Robert 
Moore knew he had a calling to serve. As one 
of the nation’s first black men to join the Ma-
rine Corps, he trained in all-white segregated 
base camps. Not only did he face racism and 
discrimination during his training, but he and 
the other black Marines also struggled with a 
lack of opportunity and ignorance towards 
their war-heroism. Yet he persisted, and in 
2011 at the request of then-Marine Com-
mandant James F. Amos, President Barack 
Obama authorized the award of the Congres-
sional Gold Medal to all Montford Point Ma-
rines, including Robert Moore. 
I launched a Constituent of the Month pro-
gram to recognize individuals who have gone 
above and beyond to make our region and our 
country a stronger place for everyone to live 
and thrive. Moore is an exemplary model of 
perseverance, courage and honor. I thank him 
for being an esteemed resident of California’s 
49th district, and I am honored to represent 
him. 
f 
PUBLIC SCHOOLS WEEK AND THE 
PRESIDENT’S BUDGET 
HON. JANICE D. SCHAKOWSKY 
OF ILLINOIS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 28, 2020 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today in support of H. Res. 862: 2020 Public 
Schools Week. 
I was disgusted when President Trump re-
ferred to ‘‘failing government schools,’’ during 
his State of the Union Address. 
President Trump is wrong. 
First of all, we call them public schools. 
Today there are more than 50 million kids 
educated in public schools. Ensuring that our 
nation’s kids are receiving the education they 
deserve no matter their ability, race, wealth, 
language, country or origin or needs. 
As a former public school teacher, I know 
firsthand public schools play for students fu-
tures and the future of our country. 
Yet, this administration continues to put 
public schools under threat. 
And now the President plans to divert $5 
million away from public schools to private 
school voucher programs, as well as turn 
funding for Every Student Succeeds Act into a 
block grant program. 
We must continue to support our public 
schools and those that attend them this week 
and every week. 
f 
HONORING KATHERINE JOHNSON 
HON. KENDRA S. HORN 
OF OKLAHOMA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 28, 2020 
Ms. KENDRA S. HORN of Oklahoma. 
Madam Speaker, today I rise to honor the leg-
acy of Mrs. Katherine Johnson, a beloved 
American hero who passed away on February 
24, 2020, at 101 years old. Mrs. Johnson was 
an African American pioneer in aeronautical 
mathematics and was one of the original ‘‘Hid-
den Figures’’ behind NASA’s work. Her mathe-
matical work was critical to our nation’s first 
moon landing and it is with great sadness that 
we mourn the loss of this extraordinary 
woman. We must never forget Mrs. Johnson’s 
extraordinary accomplishments, and, we must 
ensure that her legacy will continue to live on 
and inspire generations of scientists, mathe-
maticians, and engineers. 
Born in 1918 in West Virginia during the era 
of Jim Crow, Katherine Johnson faced many 
challenges during her lifetime. In the face of 
adversity, Katherine became one of only three 
African American students to attend West Vir-
ginia’s graduate schools. After graduating from 
West Virginia State College, she planned to 
dedicate her career to teaching at a public 
school in Virginia. As we now know, life took 
this woman in a very different direction. 
In 1953, Mrs. Johnson accepted a job as a 
‘‘computer’’ at the National Advisory Com-
mittee for Aeronautics (NACA), where she 
checked her superior’s math to ensure accu-
racy for NACA, which would later become 
NASA. After only two weeks of work, she be-
came a permanent mathematician for NASA 
and spent the next four years of her life ana-
lyzing flight tests. In 1958, Mrs. Johnson went 
on to work on trajectory analysis for America’s 
first human spaceflight, Freedom 7 Mission. 
Just two years later, she accomplished what 
no woman had—she coauthored equations 
depicting orbital spaceflight and the landing 
positions of spacecraft. 
While Mrs. Johnson’s work was not given 
fair recognition at the time, her calculations 
were critical to bridging the gap between the 
United States and the Soviet Union in the 
Space Race and completing the first success-
ful manned lunar landing. 
We must not forget the pioneering work of 
women like Katherine Johnson. Last year, I 
was proud to work with my colleagues on both 
sides of the aisle to pass legislation awarding 
the Congressional Gold Medal to Katherine 
Johnson and all of the ‘‘Hidden Figures’’ 
women who made NASA’s work possible. Dur-
ing her lifetime, Katherine Johnson also re-
ceived the Presidential Medal of Freedom 
from President Obama in 2015 for her 
groundbreaking work. As Chairwoman of the 
House Committee on Science, Space, and 
Technology, I ask my colleagues to join me in 
celebrating the life and legacy of Mrs. Kath-
erine Johnson as an American trailblazer in 
mathematics and engineering who ultimately 
shaped space history in the United States and 
globally. 
f 
IN CELEBRATION OF THE LIFE OF 
ROBERT WADE SHIREY 
HON. PAUL COOK 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 28, 2020 
Mr. COOK. Madam Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize and celebrate the life of Robert 
Wade Shirey, who passed from this life after 
a prolonged battle with heart disease. 
Bob was born on December 11, 1934 in 
Pennsylvania to Ophie and Raymond Shirey. 
Shortly after graduating high school, and want-
ing to serve his country, Bob joined the Marine 
Corps. Over the course of his tenure in the 
United States Marines Bob was stationed in 
San Diego, San Francisco, Twentynine Palms, 
and Okinawa, Japan. It was during his time in 
the Marine Corps that he met his wife Geor-
gia, with whom he has three children, Ray-
mond, Robert, and Renee. Bob was honorably 
discharged from the Marines on October 15, 
1963 and shortly thereafter he went to work 
for GTE Corp. Over the next several years 
Bob would graduate from college with a de-
gree in management and spend countless 
hours volunteering with the Lions Club, the 
Kiwanis Club, and Little League Baseball. 
I would like to extend my personal condo-
lences to Bob’s wife Georgia, his three kids, 
and his seven grandchildren. It is people like 
Bob who exemplify what it means to be an 
American. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SUZANNE BONAMICI 
OF OREGON 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 28, 2020 
Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Speaker, I was un-
able to be on the House floor on February 26, 
2020, because my flight from Oregon was 
canceled. If I had been present, I would have 
voted in favor of H.R. 4852, the G.I. and Vet-
erans Education Empowerment Act, and H.R. 
2490, to amend the National Trails System Act 
to direct the Secretary of the Interior to con-
duct a study on the feasibility of designating 
the Chief Standing Bear National Historic Trail, 
and for other purposes. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE EVERETT 
HIGH SCHOOL RIFLE TEAM 
HON. JOHN JOYCE 
OF PENNSYLVANIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 28, 2020 
Mr. JOYCE of Pennsylvania. Madam Speak-
er, it is my honor to congratulate the Everett 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:42 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00005
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A28FE8.012
E28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 174-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E236 
February 28, 2020 
High School Rifle Team on their victories as 
the 2020 PIAA 3 Position Smallbore Rifle 
Champions, Air Rifle Champions, and Prone 
Champions. 
The top four shooters, as well as one alter-
nate in Smallbore and Air Rifle, were selected 
to compete in the statewide competition 
hosted by the Meyersdale Rifle Team. The 3 
Position Smallbore and Air Rifle teams were 
declared state champions after the weekend- 
long event. This is the fourth consecutive state 
championship title for 3 Position Smallbore 
and the second consecutive state champion-
ship Air Rifle Title. 
The 2020 Everett High School Rifle Team 
consists of 19 athletes from Everett Area 
School District and Bedford Area School Dis-
trict, including: Boyd Becker, Jesse Chamber-
lain, Travis Kendall, Allison Klavuhn, Joseph 
Kovach, Deegan Ramsey, Abigale Rose, 
Claudia Sigel, Evan Sigel, Abby Walters, 
Rylee 
Weaverling, 
Morgan 
White, 
CJ 
Humbertson, Emily Kendall, Layni Miller, Ava 
Penatzer, Matthew Semanek, Sam Sheppard, 
and Gracie Walters. 
The students were coached by Coltin Rice, 
Ethan Cessna, Lynn Whetstone, George 
Kuhne, Denver Deremer, Dave Eppinger, Ken 
Ritchey, Cindy Ritchey, Mark Donahoe, Dan 
Klavuhn, and Angie Klavuhn. 
On behalf of the 13th District of Pennsyl-
vania, I congratulate these students and their 
coaches on a successful season and wish 
them every continued success. 
f 
COMMEMORATING LEE COUNTY’S 
150TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. HAROLD ROGERS 
OF KENTUCKY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 28, 2020 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Madam Speaker, 
I rise today to commemorate the 150th anni-
versary of Lee County, Kentucky’s 115th 
county established on March I, 1870. 
Nestled in Kentucky’s Appalachian region, 
legendary explorers like Dr. Thomas Walker 
and Daniel Boone are among the first re-
corded frontiersman in Lee County and the 
Three Forks area, a land rich with beautiful 
hillsides and streams serving as an undis-
turbed habitat for wildlife and premier hunting. 
Some of the earliest successful industries 
were birthed from natural resources on the 
land, including pine tar, saltpeter, coal mining, 
and oil and timber operations, connecting this 
small Appalachian community to the U.S. 
Navy, the Great Lakes and the nation’s energy 
grid. For many years, the Three Forks Region 
served as an economic hub in Eastern Ken-
tucky with access to the Kentucky River and 
railroads to transport timber, coal and oil. 
Utilizing former coalfields and the Daniel 
Boone National Forest, which covers much of 
the region, Lee County offers premier territory 
for the tourism industry. In fact, the Beattyville 
Coal Seam will soon serve as a starting point 
for challenging hiking and mountain biking 
trails, leading visitors and residents through a 
beautiful autumn canopy and the unique lime-
stone cliffs that draw countless rock climbers 
from around the world. 
Among all of the resources in Lee County’s 
150-year history, the very best resource has 
been local residents. The people of Lee Coun-
ty have proven to be resilient and loyal, inno-
vative and resourceful, exhibiting the enduring 
compassion and charm that draws visitors to 
our unique corner of the world. Over the last 
two decades, volunteers from across the 
county have dedicated time and energy to the 
Eastern Kentucky PRIDE organization, en-
hancing the environment and restoring the 
beauty of our hillsides and streams. Likewise, 
through joint local, state and federal efforts, 
we have been able to expand access to clean 
water and sanitary sewer for residents and 
businesses over the last 40 years, paving the 
way for new industry and job creation. Since 
2003, countless volunteers have partnered 
with Operation UNITE to combat the deadly 
drug abuse epidemic in Eastern Kentucky, 
promoting prevention in our schools and con-
necting families to critical recovery resources 
and support. Through SOAR—Shaping Our 
Appalachian Region, we continue to work to-
gether toward innovative solutions to diversify 
our economy, expand access to high-per-
forming broadband in every community, and 
pave a brighter future for upcoming genera-
tions. 
Finally, any time I think of Lee County, I’m 
reminded that it is the homeplace of highly re-
spected war heroes, like the late retired Army 
Major General Charles Beach, Junior, as well 
as outstanding individuals, like Will Smith, my 
former Chief of Staff and Staff Director on the 
House Appropriations Committee, who served 
as my long-time advisor. Many sons and 
daughters of Lee County have risen up among 
the ranks to help lead this great Nation and 
I’m confident that the same will be true over 
the next century. Being mindful of the chal-
lenges and successes that have written the 
story of Lee County’s past, I am certain that 
the best days are ahead, and I join the entire 
community in this 150-year celebration. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LIEUTENANT SAMUEL 
J. HARRIS 
HON. DON BACON 
OF NEBRASKA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 28, 2020 
Mr. BACON. Madam Speaker, I rise today 
in honor of the memory of Lieutenant Samuel 
J. Harris, who was born Christmas Eve, 1896 
in Shippensburg, Pennsylvania to a veteran of 
the US Civil War. When Samuel J. Harris was 
first called away to service, he was enrolled at 
Dickenson College. 
In 1916, he served as a member of the 
Pennsylvania National Guard on the U.S. 
Army’s Pancho Villa Expedition in Mexico. 
Shortly after Harris returned home in 1917, the 
United States entered the First World War. 
Harris then enlisted as a private, this time in 
the 112th Infantry Regiment. Already a ser-
geant during training, Harris was selected for 
Officer Candidate School and was commis-
sioned a Second Lieutenant in the U.S. Army, 
his unit becoming part of the 28th Infantry Di-
vision. 
Serving in France, the regiment saw combat 
during the crucial Second Battle of the Marine 
and fought with great distinction throughout 
the war. Unlike his fellow veterans who re-
turned to civilian life after the end of the first 
World War, Harris returned to Europe. 
In 1918 the new Lithuanian Republic had to 
defend itself against a collection of the czarist, 
Bolshevik, German and Polish forces all trying 
to suppress the new nation. The many Lithua-
nian-American organizations of the era began 
to raise funds to send recently returned vet-
erans to defend the newly liberated nation. 
Some 10,000 U.S. veterans eventually went to 
aid their ancestral homeland. 
Despite not being of Lithuanian ancestry, 
but perhaps inspired by President Wilson’s 
bold view of freedom and self-determination 
for the nations, Harris again volunteered. In 
1919 as part of the Lithuanian American Bri-
gade, First Lieutenant Samuel J. Harris left 
home for the final time to assist Lithuania to 
defend her newly declared independence. 
The first officer of his unit to arrive in Lith-
uania, Harris was active by the late autumn of 
1919 and had led the attack against the 
Bermanite’s Iron Division during its retreat 
from the Baltic Republics. His death occurred 
on February 24, 1920 during a Communist-in-
stigated mutiny of young officers in Kaunas. 
The only member of his Brigade to lose his life 
in the attack, Lieutenant Harris was initially 
laid to rest in the nearby Kaunas Evangelical 
Lutheran Cemetery during a funeral with full 
Lithuanian military honors. 
He was posthumously awarded the Cross of 
Vytis, the Lithuanian nation’s highest decora-
tion for bravery. 
In 1923, a street in the Aleksotas District of 
Kaunas was named after Lieutenant Harris. 
The street name was changed in 1946 by So-
viet authorities but was reinstated in 1993. 
Lieutenant Harris’s body was later transported 
to the United States and reburied at Arlington 
National Cemetery. 
The verse on the marble monument over his 
grave bears a Vytis over the inscription: 
‘‘Erected by the Lithuanians and sons and 
daughters of Lithuanians in America and dedi-
cated in loving memory of Lieutenant Samuel 
J. Harris who died fighting for the freedom of 
Lithuania.’’ 
Let us never forget individuals like Lieuten-
ant Harris who have made the ultimate sac-
rifice so that the light of liberty throughout the 
world continues to shine brightly. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MIKE JOHNSON 
OF LOUISIANA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 28, 2020 
Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Madam Speak-
er, I was unavoidably detained during votes on 
Wednesday, February 26, 2020. Had I been 
present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call 
No. 71—H.R. 35; YEA on Roll Call No. 72— 
H.R. 4852; and YEA on Roll Call No. 73— 
H.R. 2490. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. GREGORY F. MURPHY 
OF NORTH CAROLINA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 28, 2020 
Mr. MURPHY of North Carolina. Madam 
Speaker, I apologize but I was unavoidably 
detained during the final passage vote. Had I 
been present, I would have voted NAY on Roll 
Call No. 78. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:42 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00006
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A28FE8.018
E28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 175-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E237 
February 28, 2020 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. THOMAS MASSIE 
OF KENTUCKY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 28, 2020 
Mr. MASSIE. Madam Speaker, had I been 
present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call 
No. 77 and NAY on Roll Call No. 78. 
f 
REBUILD AMERICA’S SCHOOLS 
HON. ANDY LEVIN 
OF MICHIGAN 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 28, 2020 
Mr. LEVIN of Michigan. Madam Speaker, 
every student should have access to a high- 
quality public education in a safe environment, 
regardless of area code. But right now, many 
students are educated in outdated and crum-
bling buildings. 
Take the Mt. Clemens Consolidated Schools 
District in Macomb County, Michigan. The stu-
dent body is majority-black, and 84 percent of 
students qualify for free and reduced lunch. 
Mt. Clemens educators and students work ex-
tremely hard to be successful in the class-
room, but they are doing so in a nearly 100 
year-old building, with the newest addition 
over 50 years old. 
Wealthy districts and those serving predomi-
nantly white students can spend much more 
on capital improvements than their high-pov-
erty counterparts. What if Mt. Clemens could 
make the infrastructure and technological up-
dates that the wealthy school districts in Metro 
Detroit can afford? 
This Public School’s Week, I urge my col-
leagues 
to 
pass 
the Rebuild America’s 
Schools Act so that every school can make 
21st century updates to their buildings and en-
sure America’s children can learn in the best 
environments. 
f 
HONORING RABBI ADIN EVEN- 
ISRAEL STEINSALTZ 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 28, 2020 
Mr. ENGEL. Madam Speaker, I rise today to 
mark the completion of the English-edition 
Koren Talmud Bavli series by Rabbi Adin 
Even-Israel Steinsaltz. 
Born in 1937, Rabbi Steinsaltz has authored 
more than 60 books, and hundreds of articles 
on Jewish mysticism, religious thought, soci-
ology, and philosophy. His most famous work 
is his interpretation of the Talmud, the forma-
tive piece of Jewish culture, and he is the first 
person since medieval times to have com-
pleted a full translation and commentary on 
the Babylonian Talmud. 
As of last year, all 46 volumes of the Koren 
Talmud Bavli, an English edition of the defini-
tive Steinsaltz Hebrew Talmud, have been 
published. 
The 
debut 
volumes 
of 
the 
Steinsaltz Talmud gained critical acclaim, and 
by the end of last year, the final two volumes 
have been published. 
I was pleased to join Rabbi Steinsaltz’s son, 
Rabbi Meni Even-Israel, and members of the 
Aleph Society to mark the complete series en-
tering the Library of Congress. As the nation’s 
preeminent library, it is truly an honor for 
Rabbi Steinsaltz’s work to be housed in the Li-
brary of Congress. 
f 
BLACK 
HISTORY 
MONTH 
ESSAY 
CONTEST 
2020 
GRADES 
9 
THROUGH 12 
HON. A. DONALD McEACHIN 
OF VIRGINIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 28, 2020 
Mr. MCEACHIN. Madam Speaker, I would 
like to take this opportunity to recognize exem-
plary middle and high school students from 
Virginia’s Fourth Congressional District who 
were selected as winners of the Black History 
Month essay contest I hosted earlier this 
month. I am inspired by the words of these 
students, and I encourage young people 
across our country to reflect on what this 
month means to them personally. 
Since its creation less than 50 years ago, 
Black History Month has been a time to honor 
and recognize the remarkable achievements 
of the African-American community. Madam 
Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in 
recognizing these distinguished students and 
their accomplishments in celebration of Black 
History Month. 
I include in the RECORD JyMir Starks’ win-
ning essay: 
(By JyMir Starks) 
Black History Month was an extension upon 
Negro History Week, which was created in 
1926 by notable historian, Carter G. Woodson; 
President Gerald Ford recognized February as 
the designated month for the celebration of 
Black people in 1976. Nearly six years shy of 
the centennial anniversary of Black History 
Week and the semi-centennial anniversary of 
Black History Month, the goals of both Carter 
G. Woodson and Gerald Ford have been ac-
complished to an extent. I say all this because 
for twenty-eight or twenty-nine days out of the 
year there is a new depth added to the Black 
experience within America. 
There is a common misconception among 
many that Black History Month is in February 
because it is the shortest month. When I was 
younger, I was one of the many. This led me 
to do my own research when I saw someone 
make this claim, and I found the true history 
of the month. This month was chosen to honor 
Frederick Augustus Washington Bailey, more 
commonly known as Frederick Douglass, and 
President Abraham Lincoln. This began my 
delve into the rich history and culture of Black 
Americans; my ignorance had developed into 
an insatiable thirst for the knowledge of my 
people. Understanding, analyzing, and re-
searching Black history is not something that 
I do for the second month of the year, only to 
wait another eleven months before I repeat 
the cycle. It is the month of February that is 
used to spread what I have learned through-
out my life in order to instill a sense of pride 
and admiration within my fellow Black Ameri-
cans. The last few Februaries I have shared 
whatever trinket of knowledge that I’ve col-
lected over the course of the year, with a fact 
regarding a certain historical figure or event 
pertaining to Black or African history for each 
day of the month. This year I’ve taken to shar-
ing and learning with my potential classmates, 
who will be attending Howard University, in 
the upcoming fall of 2020. This has been ben-
eficial because the ideals of community are 
placed on full display by this continuous ex-
change of information because each fact is 
more gratifying than the last. 
Along with the sense of community that is 
established through the exchange of informa-
tion and knowledge, there is the joy that 
comes from Black enterprise. Social media 
has made connecting with others the easiest 
it has ever been in human history. This allows 
for Black-owned businesses to reach con-
sumers across the globe. Black entrepreneurs 
and other enterprising individuals have used 
platforms like Twitter to expand their brands 
and network with other businessmen and 
women. In February there is an explosion of 
Black enterprise with a myriad of products 
being placed on sale. This further strengthens 
the idea of community because investing in 
the business of another Black American allows 
for one to help aid in the quest to establish 
Black wealth or at least financial security. This 
also sparks immense joy because supporting 
Black-owned businesses fills me with a deep 
sense of pride. I enjoy Black History Month 
because it has been the setting that has 
taught me about the history of Black enter-
prise; I enjoy Black History Month in the twen-
ty-first century because I am able to partici-
pate in Black enterprise efficiently and effec-
tively. 
Black History Month also opens up the 
doors of Hampton Roads. Hampton Roads is 
a region with many historical Black locations 
from Hampton down to Suffolk. Luckily for me, 
I am able to visit these cities and attend the 
events that they are planning to host. I love 
the ability to share a laugh and create a mem-
ory with my family as we adventure out into 
Norfolk, Virginia Beach, Portsmouth, Newport 
News, or Chesapeake. There is never a short-
age of things to do to honor, celebrate, recog-
nize, or appreciate one’s heritage during Feb-
ruary, and for that I am truly grateful because 
it is vital that Black people of all ages and 
walks of life are able to love themselves and 
love others. 
The main joy that comes to me during Black 
History Month is the feeling of community that 
accompanies the month. I am truly able to be 
around friends and family and enjoy their pres-
ence. During the month of February, Black 
people are energized, and their communities 
give them the chance to appreciate their back-
grounds. This month is more than a few 
names from a history textbook, but is essential 
to reaffirming the idea that Blackness is not 
only acceptable, but also Beautiful. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:42 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00007
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A28FE8.023
E28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 176-
D206 
Friday, February 28, 2020 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate was not in session and stands ad-
journed until 3 p.m., on Monday, March 2, 2020. 
Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 29 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 6013–6041; and 3 resolutions, H. 
Con. Res. 93–94; and H. Res. 876, were introduced. 
                                                                                    Pages H1422–23 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H1424 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein she 
appointed Representative McBath to act as Speaker 
pro tempore for today.                                            Page H1255 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval 
of the Journal by voice vote.                Pages H1255, H1289 
Suspension—Proceedings Resumed: The House 
agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following 
measure. Consideration began Wednesday, February 
26th. 
Gold Star Families National Monument Exten-
sion Act: H.R. 2819, amended, to extend the au-
thority for the establishment of a commemorative 
work in honor of Gold Star Families, by a 2⁄3 yea- 
and-nay vote of 407 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, 
Roll No. 76;                                                                 Page H1286 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To ex-
tend the authority for the establishment of a com-
memorative work in honor of Gold Star Mothers 
Families, and for other purposes.’’.                   Page H1286 
Reversing the Youth Tobacco Epidemic Act: The 
House passed H.R. 2339, to amend the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to the 
sale and marketing of tobacco products, by a yea- 
and-nay vote of 213 yeas to 195 nays, Roll No. 78. 
                                                                Pages H1257–86, H1286–89 
Rejected the Walden motion to recommit the bill 
to the Committee on Energy and Commerce with 
instructions to report the same back to the House 
forthwith with an amendment, by a yea-and-nay vote 
of 187 yeas to 220 nays, Roll No. 77.   Pages H1286–89 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules 
Committee Print 116–51, modified by the amend-
ment printed in House Report 116–409, shall be 
considered as adopted, in lieu of the amendment in 
the nature of a substitute recommended by the Com-
mittee on Energy and Commerce now printed in the 
bill.                                                                            Pages H1257–62 
H. Res. 866, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bill (H.R. 2339) was agreed to yesterday, Feb-
ruary 27th. 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that 
when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet 
at 12 noon on Monday, March 2nd for Morning 
Hour debate.                                                                Page H1290 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture—Communication: Read a letter from Chair-
man DeFazio wherein he transmitted copies of twen-
ty-four resolutions included in the General Services 
Administration’s Capital Investment and Leasing 
Programs. The resolutions were adopted by the 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure on 
February 26, 2020.                                     Pages H1292–H1409 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate 
by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the 
House today appears on page H1257. 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes de-
veloped during the proceedings of today and appear 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:05 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D28FE0.REC
D28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 177-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
D207 
February 28, 2020 
on pages H1286, H1288–89, and H1289. There 
were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-
journed at 1:34 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee con-
cluded a markup on H.R. 149, the ‘‘Housing Fair-
ness Act of 2020’’; H.R. 4351, the ‘‘Yes In My 
Backyard Act’’; H.R. 5187, the ‘‘Housing Is Infra-
structure Act’’; H.R. 5929, the ‘‘Shareholder Polit-
ical Transparency Act’’; H.R. 5930, the ‘‘Workforce 
Investment Disclosure Act’’; H.R. 5931, the ‘‘Im-
proving FHA Support for Small Dollar Mortgages 
Act of 2020’’; H.R. 5932, the ‘‘Ensuring Chinese 
Debt Transparency Act’’; Views and Estimates of the 
Committee on Financial Services on Matters to be 
Set Forth in the Concurrent Resolution on the 
Budget for Fiscal Year 2021 Budget; and a resolu-
tion electing minority Members to the subcommit-
tees of the Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 
5931, H.R. 4351, H.R. 149, H.R. 5929, H.R. 
5930, H.R. 5187, and H.R. 5932 were ordered re-
ported, as amended. The Views and Estimates for 
the Fiscal Year 2021 Budget Resolution was agreed 
to, as amended. A resolution electing minority 
Members to the subcommittees of the Committee on 
Financial Services was agreed to. 
EVALUATING THE TRUMP 
ADMINISTRATION’S POLICIES ON IRAN, 
IRAQ AND THE USE OF FORCE 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘Evaluating the Trump Administra-
tion’s Policies on Iran, Iraq and the Use of Force’’. 
Testimony was heard from Michael R. Pompeo, Sec-
retary, Department of State. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, 
MARCH 2, 2020 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. 
House 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 
1140, ‘‘Rights for Transportation Security Officers Act of 
2020’’, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:05 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D28FE0.REC
D28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 178-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional Record
The Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each House
of Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, United
States Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶ Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶ To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO
63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶ Following
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶ With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record.
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.
U
N
U
M
E
P
LU
RI
B
U
S
D208 
February 28, 2020 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
3 p.m., Monday, March 2 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration 
of the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 2657, to 
support innovation in advanced geothermal research and 
development, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture 
thereon at 5:30 p.m. 
Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
12 noon, Monday, March 2 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Bacon, Don, Nebr., E236 
Bonamici, Suzanne, Ore., E234, E235 
Cook, Paul, Calif., E235 
Correa, J. Luis, Calif., E234 
Crow, Jason, Col., E231 
Engel, Eliot L., N.Y., E233, E234, E237 
Gianforte, Greg, Mont., E231 
Hayes, Jahana, Conn., E232, E233 
Horn, Kendra S., Okla., E235 
Huffman, Jared, Calif., E232 
Johnson, Mike, La., E236 
Joyce, John, Pa., E235 
Kelly, Trent, Miss., E231 
Levin, Andy, Mich., E234, E237 
Levin, Mike, Calif., E235 
Massie, Thomas, Ky., E237 
McEachin, A. Donald, Va., E232, E237 
Murphy, Gregory F., N.C., E236 
Price, David E., N.C., E231 
Rogers, Harold, Ky., E236 
Schakowsky, Janice D., Ill., E235 
Schiff, Adam B., Calif., E232, E234 
Vela´zquez, Nydia M., N.Y., E233 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:05 Feb 29, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 0664
Sfmt 0664
E:\CR\FM\D28FE0.REC
D28FEPT1
dlhill on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 179-
