Congressional Record
U
N
U
M
E
P
LU
RI
B
U
S
United States
of America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 117th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
b This symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b 1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.
H4077 
Vol. 168 
WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 2022 
No. 58 
Senate 
The Senate was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Monday, April 4, 2022, at 3 p.m. 
House of Representatives 
FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 2022 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-
pore (Mr. PERLMUTTER). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-
nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON, DC, 
April 1, 2022. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable ED PERL-
MUTTER to act as Speaker pro tempore on 
this day. 
NANCY PELOSI, 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Margaret 
Grun Kibben, offered the following 
prayer: 
Lord, You are gracious and right-
eous. You, O God, our God, are full of 
compassion. Hear our voices this morn-
ing. O Lord, hear our cries for Your 
mercy. May we call on You this day 
and every day as long as we live. 
Today, we lay before You the delib-
erations of this past week and ask 
Your blessing. Where we have fallen 
short, we pray that You, in Your gen-
erosity, would weave our failings into 
the marvelous tapestry of Your grace 
plan, that despite our inadequacies and 
missteps, Your will would be revealed. 
We pray Your blessings over our ac-
complishments. Advance them in ac-
cordance with Your will that the good 
we intended would align with Your in-
tent and reflect Your grand design. 
And, as the week comes to a close, we 
pray You grant our lawmakers respite 
from their labor, refreshment with 
family and friends, that upon their re-
turn next week, they would be rejuve-
nated in their service to You and to 
this country. 
In hope for Your favor and in the 
strength of Your merciful name we 
pray. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 11(a) of House Resolu-
tion 188, the Journal of the last day’s 
proceedings is approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE) 
come forward and lead the House in the 
Pledge of Allegiance. 
Ms. LEE of California led the Pledge 
of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-
lic for which it stands, one nation under God, 
indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
clause 5(d) of rule XX, the Chair an-
nounces to the House that, in light of 
the resignations of the gentleman from 
Nebraska (Mr. FORTENBERRY) and the 
gentleman from Texas (Mr. VELA), the 
whole number of the House is 430. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will entertain up to five requests 
for 1-minute speeches on each side of 
the aisle. 
f 
INSULIN COSTS TOO MUCH FOR 
AMERICAN FAMILIES 
(Mr. CA´ RDENAS asked and was 
given permission to address the House 
for 1 minute and to revise and extend 
his remarks.) 
Mr. CA´ RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, the 
Affordable Insulin Now Act is a just 
act. 
This personal affliction of diabetes 
affects millions of families every day. 
The price of insulin is too much for 
hardworking American families, and 
the Affordable Insulin Now Act is 
something that is going to bring life to 
individuals and opportunity for fami-
lies. 
My father died from diabetes 10 days 
before our son Cristian was born. I 
hoped and prayed that he would live 
long enough so I could present him to 
his grandfather, but that didn’t hap-
pen. That is what this affliction does. 
It robs time. It robs the life out of peo-
ple, and that doesn’t need to happen. 
For $35 a month—no, not hundreds of 
dollars—this act will help relieve fami-
lies. 
I thank Representatives CRAIG, KIL-
DEE, and MCBATH for introducing this 
bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:25 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A01AP7.000
H01APPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE
® 
Pdnted on recycled papfil 

 -Page 0-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4078 
April 1, 2022 
RECOGNIZING SAINT MARYS AREA 
MIDDLE SCHOOL 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-
dress the House for 1 minute and to re-
vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize 
Saint Marys Area Middle School in 
Saint Marys, Pennsylvania. 
On March 17, students and staff par-
ticipated in the Mini-THON. This is a 
smaller service of Penn State Univer-
sity’s THON. 
Throughout the day, students par-
ticipated in various activities to raise 
money for the Four Diamonds fund to 
assist children and families in their 
battle with cancer. 
One of the many ways students raised 
funds was through the ‘‘duct tape your 
principal’’ challenge. This brought in 
over $900. Dom Surra, the assistant 
principal, was duct-taped to the gym-
nasium wall. 
Due to the tremendous support from 
students, staff, and the community, 
Saint Marys Area Middle School raised 
more than $12,237. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in con-
gratulating the students and staff for 
this tremendous achievement for such 
a righteous cause. 
f 
REMEMBERING DON YOUNG 
(Mr. COHEN asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, this past 
week, we celebrated the life of Don 
Young, the dean of the House with 49 
years here representing the State of 
Alaska. He was a Republican. But be-
fore he was a Republican, he was an 
American. He wanted this House to 
work and this House to work together. 
Don Young voted for the bipartisan 
infrastructure bill because he knew in-
frastructure, 
roads, 
airports, 
river 
ports, and trains made this country 
move and made business happen. 
I hope we will not forget Don Young, 
not just because of his oversized and 
loveable personality and the warmth 
that he exuded to all of us, but for the 
fact that he was bipartisan and wanted 
this House to work. 
There is a motto up there, above the 
Speaker’s lectern, that says: Get some-
thing done while you are here that is 
memorable and important. 
Look at that and remember Don 
Young. 
f 
BIDEN’S ANTI-AMERICAN ENERGY 
AGENDA 
(Mr. KELLER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute.) 
Mr. KELLER. Mr. Speaker, the latest 
Gallup poll shows most Americans are 
concerned about the cost and avail-
ability of energy now more than at any 
time in the last decade, and for good 
reason. 
Thanks to President Biden’s anti- 
American energy agenda, we are all 
paying more for the fuel necessary to 
fill our cars, heat our homes, and run 
our businesses. 
One short year ago, I warned: If the 
President’s destructive actions toward 
America’s domestic energy production 
during his first week in office are any 
indication of where our energy policy 
is headed over the next 4 years, our Na-
tion is on a dangerous path. 
Today, that warning has come true. 
This destruction is entirely self-in-
flicted, and it is entirely avoidable. 
To solve the energy crisis and deliver 
relief for the American people, Presi-
dent Biden must remove the ban on 
new drilling, reopen the Keystone pipe-
line, and unleash American energy 
dominance. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF CAPTAIN 
JAMES T. BELLEW 
(Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and 
was given permission to address the 
House for 1 minute and to revise and 
extend his remarks.) 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor the life and 
service of Captain James T. Bellew. 
Captain Bellew was tragically killed 
in a helicopter crash at Hunter Army 
Airfield in Savannah, Georgia, earlier 
this week, on March 30. 
He was a native of Charlottesville, 
Virginia, and entered the United States 
Army in 2017 as a medical service offi-
cer. In 2019, he became an aeromedical 
evacuation officer, and in 2020, he was 
assigned to the 3rd Infantry Division. 
This sudden and tragic loss has dealt 
a heavy blow to the brigade, division, 
community, and his family. 
During his service, Captain Bellew 
had successfully evacuated critically 
ill COVID–19 patients to better care 
across the country and was the top pla-
toon leader in his company. He was 
decorated with the Army Achievement 
Medal, 
National 
Defense 
Service 
Medal, and the Global War on Ter-
rorism Service Medal, among other ac-
colades. 
Captain Bellew was a hero in its tru-
est sense, and he will never be forgot-
ten. 
May God bless his family, friends, 
and fellow servicemembers, and may 
God bless our troops. 
f 
BIDEN BUDGET DELIBERATELY 
WORSENS CRISES 
(Mr. SMITH of Missouri asked and 
was given permission to address the 
House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, 
Democrat policies have created mul-
tiple crises: the highest spike in prices 
in 40 years, gas prices over $4 a gallon, 
a violent crime crisis, school closures 
that have drastically harmed our chil-
dren, and so many other items. 
President Biden’s budget, which was 
released this week, deliberately makes 
every crisis American families are fac-
ing that much worse. 
With $73 trillion in spending, Biden 
doubles down on his delusion that 
spending more will cause inflation to 
go down when Americans are facing a 
$5,200 inflation tax this year. 
Biden’s budget charges Americans 
another $2.5 trillion in taxes, upward of 
$4 trillion if you count the build back 
broke agenda, which he tries to put in 
the budget as being free. 
American families can’t afford what 
this budget is costing. 
f 
KETANJI BROWN JACKSON 
SHOULD NOT BE CONFIRMED 
(Mr. HICE of Georgia asked and was 
given permission to address the House 
for 1 minute and to revise and extend 
his remarks.) 
Mr. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise in objection to Judge Ketanji 
Brown Jackson’s appointment to the 
Supreme Court. She is an activist, not 
a constitutionalist. 
Repeatedly, she has reduced sen-
tences for convicted child sex torturers 
and pornographers. One example, for an 
individual who deserved 10 years, she 
gave only 3 months of a sentence. 
She was in favor of an extended buff-
er zone around abortion clinics in Mas-
sachusetts, which is a blatant attempt 
to limit the free speech rights of peace-
ful protesters who stand for life. 
In her confirmation hearings, she 
would 
not 
even 
define 
the 
word 
‘‘woman,’’ which is an indication of po-
tential future attacks on religious lib-
erties, among other things. 
Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson would 
ensure a radical leftwing agenda on the 
Supreme Court for decades to come. 
America deserves better. America de-
serves a constitutional Justice on the 
Supreme Court. 
I urge my Senators from Georgia and 
other Senators to vote ‘‘no’’ on her 
confirmation. 
f 
MARIJUANA OPPORTUNITY REIN-
VESTMENT AND EXPUNGEMENT 
ACT 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, pursuant 
to House Resolution 1017, I call up the 
bill (H.R. 3617) to decriminalize and 
deschedule cannabis, to provide for re-
investment 
in 
certain 
persons 
ad-
versely impacted by the War on Drugs, 
to provide for expungement of certain 
cannabis offenses, and for other pur-
poses, and ask for its immediate con-
sideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 1017, in lieu of 
the amendment in the nature of a sub-
stitute recommended by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary printed in the 
bill, an amendment in the nature of a 
substitute consisting of the text of 
Rules Committee Print 117–37, modified 
by the amendment printed in part A of 
House Report 117–285, is adopted and 
the bill, as amended, is considered 
read. 
The text of the bill, as amended, is as 
follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:25 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K01AP7.003
H01APPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 1-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4079 
April 1, 2022 
H.R. 3617 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Marijuana Op-
portunity Reinvestment and Expungement Act’’ 
or the ‘‘MORE Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
The Congress finds as follows: 
(1) The communities that have been most 
harmed by cannabis prohibition are benefiting 
the least from the legal marijuana marketplace. 
(2) A legacy of racial and ethnic injustices, 
compounded by the disproportionate collateral 
consequences of 80 years of cannabis prohibition 
enforcement, now limits participation in the in-
dustry. 
(3) 37 States, the District of Columbia, Puerto 
Rico, Guam, and the U.S. Virgin Islands have 
adopted laws allowing legal access to cannabis, 
and 15 States, the District of Columbia, the 
Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Is-
lands, and Guam have adopted laws legalizing 
cannabis for adult recreational use. 
(4) A total of 47 States have reformed their 
laws pertaining to cannabis despite the Sched-
ule I status of marijuana and its Federal crim-
inalization. 
(5) Legal cannabis sales totaled $20,000,000,000 
in 2020 and are projected to reach $40,500,000,000 
by 2025. 
(6) According to the American Civil Liberties 
Union (ACLU), enforcing cannabis prohibition 
laws costs taxpayers approximately $3.6 billion a 
year. 
(7) The continued enforcement of cannabis 
prohibition laws results in over 600,000 arrests 
annually, disproportionately impacting people 
of color who are almost 4 times more likely to be 
arrested for cannabis possession than their 
White counterparts, despite equal rates of use 
across populations. 
(8) People of color have been historically tar-
geted by discriminatory sentencing practices re-
sulting in Black men receiving drug sentences 
that are 13.1 percent longer than sentences im-
posed for White men and Latinos being nearly 
6.5 times more likely to receive a Federal sen-
tence for cannabis possession than non-His-
panic Whites. 
(9) In 2013, simple cannabis possession was the 
fourth most common cause of deportation for 
any offense and the most common cause of de-
portation for drug law violations. 
(10) Fewer than one-fifth of cannabis business 
owners identify as minorities and only approxi-
mately 4 percent are black. 
(11) Applicants for cannabis licenses are lim-
ited by numerous laws, regulations, and exorbi-
tant permit applications, licensing fees, and 
costs in these States, which can require more 
than $700,000. 
(12) Historically disproportionate arrest and 
conviction rates make it particularly difficult 
for people of color to enter the legal cannabis 
marketplace, as most States bar these individ-
uals from participating. 
(13) Federal law severely limits access to loans 
and capital for cannabis businesses, dispropor-
tionately impacting minority small business 
owners. 
(14) Some States and municipalities have 
taken proactive steps to mitigate inequalities in 
the legal cannabis marketplace and ensure 
equal participation in the industry. 
SEC. 3. DECRIMINALIZATION OF CANNABIS. 
(a) CANNABIS REMOVED FROM SCHEDULE OF 
CONTROLLED SUBSTANCES.— 
(1) REMOVAL IN STATUTE.—Subsection (c) of 
schedule I of section 202(c) of the Controlled 
Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 812) is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘(10) Marihuana.’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘(17) Tetrahydrocannabinols, 
except for tetrahydrocannabinols in hemp (as 
defined under section 297A of the Agricultural 
Marketing Act of 1946).’’. 
(2) REMOVAL FROM SCHEDULE.—Not later than 
180 days after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Attorney General shall finalize a rule-
making under section 201(a)(2) removing mari-
huana and tetrahydrocannabinols from the 
schedules of controlled substances. For the pur-
poses of the Controlled Substances Act, mari-
huana and tetrahydrocannabinols shall each be 
deemed to be a drug or other substance that 
does not meet the requirements for inclusion in 
any schedule. A rulemaking under this para-
graph shall be considered to have taken effect 
as of the date of enactment of this Act for pur-
poses of any offense committed, case pending, 
conviction entered, and, in the case of a juve-
nile, any offense committed, case pending, and 
adjudication of juvenile delinquency entered be-
fore, on, or after the date of enactment of this 
Act. 
(b) 
CONFORMING
AMENDMENTS
TO
CON-
TROLLED
SUBSTANCES
ACT.—The 
Controlled 
Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.) is amend-
ed— 
(1) in section 102(44) (21 U.S.C. 802(44)), by 
striking ‘‘marihuana,’’; 
(2) in section 401(b) (21 U.S.C. 841(b))— 
(A) in paragraph (1)— 
(i) in subparagraph (A)— 
(I) in clause (vi), by inserting ‘‘or’’ after the 
semicolon; 
(II) by striking clause (vii); and 
(III) by redesignating clause (viii) as clause 
(vii); 
(ii) in subparagraph (B)— 
(I) in clause (vi), by inserting ‘‘or’’ after the 
semicolon; 
(II) by striking clause (vii); and 
(III) by redesignating clause (viii) as clause 
(vii); 
(iii) in subparagraph (C), in the first sentence, 
by striking ‘‘subparagraphs (A), (B), and (D)’’ 
and inserting ‘‘subparagraphs (A) and (B)’’; 
(iv) by striking subparagraph (D); 
(v) by redesignating subparagraph (E) as sub-
paragraph (D); and 
(vi) in subparagraph (D)(i), as so redesig-
nated, by striking ‘‘subparagraphs (C) and (D)’’ 
and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (C)’’; 
(B) by striking paragraph (4); and 
(C) by redesignating paragraphs (5), (6), and 
(7) as paragraphs (4), (5), and (6), respectively; 
(3) 
in 
section 
402(c)(2)(B) 
(21 
U.S.C. 
842(c)(2)(B)), by striking ‘‘, marihuana,’’; 
(4) in section 403(d)(1) (21 U.S.C. 843(d)(1)), by 
striking ‘‘, marihuana,’’; 
(5) in section 418(a) (21 U.S.C. 859(a)), by 
striking the last sentence; 
(6) in section 419(a) (21 U.S.C. 860(a)), by 
striking the last sentence; 
(7) in section 422(d) (21 U.S.C. 863(d))— 
(A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘marijuana,’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘, such as a 
marihuana cigarette,’’; and 
(8) in section 516(d) (21 U.S.C. 886(d)), by 
striking ‘‘section 401(b)(6)’’ each place the term 
appears and inserting ‘‘section 401(b)(5)’’. 
(c) OTHER CONFORMING AMENDMENTS.— 
(1) NATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM DRUG CONTROL 
ACT OF 1986.—The National Forest System Drug 
Control Act of 1986 (16 U.S.C. 559b et seq.) is 
amended— 
(A) in section 15002(a) (16 U.S.C. 559b(a)) by 
striking ‘‘marijuana and other’’; 
(B) in section 15003(2) (16 U.S.C. 559c(2)) by 
striking ‘‘marijuana and other’’; and 
(C) in section 15004(2) (16 U.S.C. 559d(2)) by 
striking ‘‘marijuana and other’’. 
(2) INTERCEPTION OF COMMUNICATIONS.—Sec-
tion 2516 of title 18, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(A) in subsection (1)(e), by striking ‘‘mari-
huana,’’; and 
(B) in subsection (2) by striking ‘‘mari-
huana’’. 
(3) FMCSA PROVISIONS.— 
(A) 
CONFORMING
AMENDMENT.—Section 
31301(5) of title 49, United States Code, is 
amended by striking ‘‘section 31306,’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘sections 31306, 31306a, and subsections (b) 
and (c) of section 31310,’’. 
(B) DEFINITION.—Section 31306(a) of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(i) by striking ‘‘means any substance’’ and in-
serting the following: ‘‘means— 
‘‘(A) any substance’’; and 
(ii) by striking the period at the end and in-
serting ‘‘; and 
‘‘(B) any substance not covered under sub-
paragraph (A) that was a substance under such 
section as of December 1, 2018, and specified by 
the Secretary of Transportation.’’. 
(C) DISQUALIFICATIONS.—Section 31310(b) of 
title 49, United States Code, is amended by add-
ing at the end the following: 
‘‘(3) In this subsection and subsection (c), the 
term ‘controlled substance’ has the meaning 
given such term in section 31306(a).’’. 
(4) FAA PROVISIONS.—Section 45101 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘means any substance’’ and 
inserting the following: ‘‘means— 
‘‘(A) any substance’’; and 
(B) by striking the period at the end and in-
serting ‘‘; and 
‘‘(B) any substance not covered under sub-
paragraph (A) that was a substance under such 
section as of December 1, 2018, and specified by 
the Secretary of Transportation.’’. 
(5) FRA PROVISIONS.—Section 20140(a) of title 
49, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘means any substance’’ and 
inserting the following: ‘‘means— 
‘‘(A) any substance’’; and 
(B) by striking the period at the end and in-
serting ‘‘; and 
‘‘(B) any substance not covered under sub-
paragraph (A) that was a substance under such 
section as of December 1, 2018, and specified by 
the Secretary of Transportation.’’. 
(6) FTA PROVISIONS.—Section 5331(a)(1) of 
title 49, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘means any substance’’ and 
inserting the following: ‘‘means— 
‘‘(A) any substance’’; and 
(B) by striking the period at the end and in-
serting ‘‘; and 
‘‘(B) any substance not covered under sub-
paragraph (A) that was a substance under such 
section as of December 1, 2018, and whose use 
the Secretary of Transportation decides has a 
risk to transportation safety.’’. 
(d) RETROACTIVITY.—The amendments made 
by this section to the Controlled Substances Act 
(21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.) are retroactive and shall 
apply to any offense committed, case pending, 
conviction entered, and, in the case of a juve-
nile, any offense committed, case pending, or 
adjudication of juvenile delinquency entered be-
fore, on, or after the date of enactment of this 
Act. 
(e) EFFECT ON OTHER LAW.—Nothing in this 
subtitle shall affect or modify— 
(1) the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act 
(21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.); 
(2) section 351 of the Public Health Service Act 
(42 U.S.C. 262); or 
(3) the authority of the Commissioner of Food 
and Drugs and the Secretary of Health and 
Human Services— 
(A) under— 
(i) the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act 
(21 U.S. 301 et seq.); or 
(ii) section 351 of the Public Health Service 
Act (42 U.S.C. 262); or 
(B) to promulgate Federal regulations and 
guidelines that relate to products containing 
cannabis or cannabis-derived compounds under 
the Act described in subparagraph (A)(i) or the 
section described in subparagraph (A)(ii). 
(f) PUBLIC MEETINGS.—Not later than one 
year after the date of enactment of this Act, the 
Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting 
through the Commissioner of Food and Drugs, 
shall hold not less than one public meeting to 
address the regulation, safety, manufacturing, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:25 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\A01AP7.002
H01APPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 2-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4080 
April 1, 2022 
product quality, marketing, labeling, and sale of 
products containing cannabis or cannabis-de-
rived compounds. 
(g) SPECIAL RULE
FOR FEDERAL EMPLOYEE 
TESTING.—Section 503 of the Supplemental Ap-
propriations Act, 1987 (5 U.S.C. 7301 note) is 
amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(h) MARIJUANA.— 
‘‘(1) CONTINUED
TESTING.—Notwithstanding 
the Marijuana Opportunity Reinvestment and 
Expungement Act and the amendments made 
thereby, the Secretary of Health and Human 
Services may continue to include marijuana for 
purposes of drug testing of Federal employees 
subject to this section, Executive Order 12564, or 
other applicable Federal laws and orders. 
‘‘(2) DEFINITION.—The term ‘marijuana’ has 
the meaning given to the term ‘marihuana’ in 
section 102 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 
6 U.S.C. 802) on the day before the date of en-
actment of the Marijuana Opportunity Rein-
vestment and Expungement Act.’’. 
(h) SPECIAL
RULE
FOR
CERTAIN
REGULA-
TIONS.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—The amendments made by 
this section may not be construed to abridge the 
authority of the Secretary of Transportation, or 
the Secretary of the department in which the 
Coast Guard is operating, to regulate and screen 
for the use of a controlled substance. 
(2) CONTROLLED SUBSTANCE DEFINED.—In this 
subsection, the term ‘‘controlled substance’’ 
means— 
(A) any substance covered under section 102 
of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802) 
on the day before the date of enactment of this 
Act; and 
(B) any substance not covered under subpara-
graph (A) that was a substance covered under 
section 102 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 
U.S.C. 802) on December 1, 2018, and specified 
by the Secretary of Transportation. 
SEC. 4. DEMOGRAPHIC DATA OF CANNABIS BUSI-
NESS OWNERS AND EMPLOYEES. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Bureau of Labor Statis-
tics shall regularly compile, maintain, and make 
public data on the demographics of— 
(1) individuals who are business owners in the 
cannabis industry; and 
(2) individuals who are employed in the can-
nabis industry. 
(b) DEMOGRAPHIC DATA.—The data collected 
under subsection (a) shall include data regard-
ing— 
(1) age; 
(2) certifications and licenses; 
(3) disability status; 
(4) educational attainment; 
(5) family and marital status; 
(6) nativity; 
(7) race and Hispanic ethnicity; 
(8) school enrollment; 
(9) veteran status; and 
(10) sex. 
(c) CONFIDENTIALITY.—The name, address, 
and other identifying information of individuals 
employed in the cannabis industry shall be kept 
confidential by the Bureau and not be made 
available to the public. 
(d) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) CANNABIS.—The term ‘‘cannabis’’ means 
either marijuana or cannabis as defined under 
the State law authorizing the sale or use of can-
nabis in which the individual or entity is lo-
cated. 
(2) CANNABIS INDUSTRY.—The term ‘‘cannabis 
industry’’ means an individual or entity that is 
licensed or permitted under a State or local law 
to engage in commercial cannabis-related activ-
ity. 
(3) OWNER.—The term ‘‘owner’’ means an in-
dividual or entity that is defined as an owner 
under the State or local law where the indi-
vidual or business is licensed or permitted. 
SEC. 5. CREATION OF OPPORTUNITY TRUST FUND 
AND IMPOSITION OF TAXES WITH 
RESPECT TO CANNABIS PRODUCTS. 
(a) ESTABLISHMENT
OF OPPORTUNITY TRUST 
FUND.—Subchapter A of chapter 98 of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding 
at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 9512. ESTABLISHMENT OF OPPORTUNITY 
TRUST FUND. 
‘‘(a) CREATION OF TRUST FUND.—There is es-
tablished in the Treasury of the United States a 
trust fund to be known as the ‘Opportunity 
Trust Fund’ (referred to in this section as the 
‘Trust Fund’), consisting of such amounts as 
may be appropriated or credited to such fund as 
provided in this section or section 9602(b). 
‘‘(b) TRANSFERS TO TRUST FUND.—There are 
hereby appropriated to the Trust Fund amounts 
equivalent to the net revenues received in the 
Treasury from the taxes imposed under chapter 
56. 
‘‘(c) EXPENDITURES.—Amounts in the Trust 
Fund shall be available, without further appro-
priation, only as follows: 
‘‘(1) 50 percent to the Attorney General to 
carry out section 3052(a) of part OO of the Om-
nibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 
1968. 
‘‘(2) 10 percent to the Attorney General to 
carry out section 3052(b) of part OO of the Om-
nibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 
1968. 
‘‘(3) 20 percent to the Administrator of the 
Small Business Administration to carry out sec-
tion 6(b)(1) of the Marijuana Opportunity Rein-
vestment and Expungement Act. 
‘‘(4) 20 percent to the Administrator of the 
Small Business Administration to carry out sec-
tion 6(b)(2) of the Marijuana Opportunity Rein-
vestment and Expungement Act.’’. 
(b) CANNABIS
REVENUE
AND
REGULATION 
ACT.—Subtitle E of the Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the fol-
lowing new chapter: 
‘‘CHAPTER 56—CANNABIS PRODUCTS 
‘‘SUBCHAPTER A. TAX ON CANNABIS PRODUCTS 
‘‘SUBCHAPTER B. OCCUPATIONAL TAX 
‘‘SUBCHAPTER C. BOND AND PERMITS 
‘‘SUBCHAPTER D. OPERATIONS 
‘‘SUBCHAPTER E. PENALTIES 
‘‘Subchapter A—Tax on Cannabis Products 
‘‘Sec. 5901. Imposition of tax. 
‘‘Sec. 5902. Definitions. 
‘‘Sec. 5903. Liability and method of payment. 
‘‘Sec. 5904. Exemption from tax; transfers in 
bond. 
‘‘Sec. 5905. Credit, refund, or drawback of tax. 
‘‘SEC. 5901. IMPOSITION OF TAX. 
‘‘(a) IMPOSITION OF TAX.—There is hereby im-
posed on any cannabis product produced in or 
imported into the United States a tax equal to— 
‘‘(1) for any such product removed during the 
first 5 calendar years ending after the date on 
which this chapter becomes effective, the appli-
cable percentage of such product’s removal 
price, and 
‘‘(2) for any product removed during any cal-
endar year after the calendar years described in 
paragraph 
(1), 
the 
applicable 
equivalent 
amount. 
‘‘(b) APPLICABLE PERCENTAGE.—For purposes 
of subsection (a)(1), the applicable percentage 
shall be determined as follows: 
‘‘(1) For any cannabis product removed dur-
ing the first 2 calendar years ending after the 
date on which this chapter becomes effective, 5 
percent. 
‘‘(2) For any cannabis product removed dur-
ing the calendar year after the last calendar 
year to which paragraph (1) applies, 6 percent. 
‘‘(3) For any cannabis product removed dur-
ing the calendar year after the calendar year to 
which paragraph (2) applies, 7 percent. 
‘‘(4) For any cannabis product removed dur-
ing the calendar year after the calendar year to 
which paragraph (3) applies, 8 percent. 
‘‘(c) APPLICABLE EQUIVALENT AMOUNT.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—For purposes of subsection 
(a)(2), the term ‘applicable equivalent amount’ 
means, with respect to any cannabis product re-
moved during any calendar year, an amount 
equal to— 
‘‘(A) in the case of any cannabis product not 
described in subparagraph (B), the product of 
the applicable rate per ounce multiplied by the 
number of ounces of such product (and a pro-
portionate tax at the like rate on all fractional 
parts of an ounce of such product), and 
‘‘(B) in the case of any THC-measurable can-
nabis product, the product of the applicable rate 
per gram multiplied by the number of grams of 
tetrahydrocannabinol in such product (and a 
proportionate tax at the like rate on all frac-
tional parts of a gram of tetrahydrocannabinol 
in such product). 
‘‘(2) APPLICABLE RATES.— 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—For purposes of paragraph 
(1)(A), the term ‘applicable rate per ounce’ 
means, with respect to any cannabis product re-
moved during any calendar year, 8 percent of 
the prevailing sales price of cannabis flowers 
sold in the United States during the 12-month 
period ending one calendar quarter before such 
calendar year, expressed on a per ounce basis, 
as determined by the Secretary. 
‘‘(B) THC-MEASURABLE CANNABIS PRODUCTS.— 
For purposes of paragraph (1)(B), the term ‘ap-
plicable rate per gram’ means, with respect to 
any cannabis product removed during any cal-
endar year, 8 percent of the prevailing sales 
price of tetrahydrocannabinol sold in the United 
States during the 12-month period ending one 
calendar quarter before such calendar year, ex-
pressed on a per gram basis, as determined by 
the Secretary. 
‘‘(d) TIME
OF
ATTACHMENT
ON
CANNABIS 
PRODUCTS.—The tax under this section shall at-
tach to any cannabis product as soon as such 
product is in existence as such, whether it be 
subsequently separated or transferred into any 
other substance, either in the process of original 
production or by any subsequent process. 
‘‘SEC. 5902. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘(a) DEFINITIONS
RELATED
TO
CANNABIS 
PRODUCTS.—For purposes of this chapter— 
‘‘(1) CANNABIS PRODUCT.— 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—Except as provided in sub-
paragraph (B), the term ‘cannabis product’ 
means any article which contains (or consists 
of) cannabis. 
‘‘(B) EXCEPTIONS.—The term ‘cannabis prod-
uct’ shall not include an FDA-approved article 
or industrial hemp. 
‘‘(C) 
FDA-APPROVED
ARTICLE.—The 
term 
‘FDA-approved article’ means any article if the 
producer or importer thereof demonstrates to the 
satisfaction of the Secretary of Health and 
Human Services that such article is— 
‘‘(i) a drug— 
‘‘(I) that is approved under section 505 of the 
Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act or li-
censed under section 351 of the Public Health 
Service Act, or 
‘‘(II) for which an investigational use exemp-
tion has been authorized under section 505(i) of 
the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act or 
under section 351(a) of the Public Health Service 
Act, or 
‘‘(ii) a combination product (as described in 
section 503(g) of the Federal Food, Drug, and 
Cosmetic Act), the constituent parts of which 
were approved or cleared under section 505, 
510(k), or 515 of such Act. 
‘‘(D) INDUSTRIAL HEMP.—The term ‘industrial 
hemp’ means the plant Cannabis sativa L. and 
any part of such plant, whether growing or not, 
with a delta-9 tetrahydrocannabinol concentra-
tion of not more than 0.3 percent on a dry 
weight basis. 
‘‘(2) THC-MEASURABLE CANNABIS PRODUCT.— 
The term ‘THC-measurable cannabis product’ 
means any cannabis product— 
‘‘(A) with respect to which the Secretary has 
made a determination that the amount of 
tetrahydrocannabinol in such product can be 
measured with a high degree of accuracy, or 
‘‘(B) which is not cannabis flower and the 
concentration of tetrahydrocannabinol in which 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:25 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00004
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\A01AP7.002
H01APPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 3-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4081 
April 1, 2022 
is significantly higher than the average such 
concentration in cannabis flower. 
‘‘(3) CANNABIS.—The term ‘cannabis’ has the 
meaning given such term under section 102(16) 
of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 
802(16)). 
‘‘(b) DEFINITIONS RELATED TO CANNABIS EN-
TERPRISES.—For purposes of this chapter— 
‘‘(1) CANNABIS
ENTERPRISE.—The term ‘can-
nabis enterprise’ means a producer, importer, or 
export warehouse proprietor. 
‘‘(2) PRODUCER.— 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—The term ‘producer’ means 
any person who plants, cultivates, harvests, 
grows, manufactures, produces, compounds, 
converts, processes, prepares, or packages any 
cannabis product. 
‘‘(B) PERSONAL
USE
EXCEPTION.—Subject to 
regulation prescribed by the Secretary, the term 
‘producer’ shall not include any individual oth-
erwise described in subparagraph (A) if the only 
cannabis product described in such subpara-
graph with respect to such individual is for per-
sonal or family use and not for sale. 
‘‘(3) IMPORTER.—The term ‘importer’ means 
any person who— 
‘‘(A) is in the United States and to whom non- 
tax-paid cannabis products, produced in a for-
eign country or a possession of the United 
States, are shipped or consigned, 
‘‘(B) removes cannabis products for sale or 
consumption in the United States from a cus-
toms bonded warehouse, or 
‘‘(C) smuggles or otherwise unlawfully brings 
any cannabis product into the United States. 
‘‘(4) EXPORT WAREHOUSE PROPRIETOR.— 
‘‘(A) IN
GENERAL.—The term ‘export ware-
house proprietor’ means any person who oper-
ates an export warehouse. 
‘‘(B) EXPORT WAREHOUSE.—The term ‘export 
warehouse’ means a bonded internal revenue 
warehouse for the storage of cannabis products, 
upon which the internal revenue tax has not 
been paid— 
‘‘(i) for subsequent shipment to a foreign 
country or a possession of the United States, or 
‘‘(ii) for consumption beyond the jurisdiction 
of the internal revenue laws of the United 
States. 
‘‘(5) CANNABIS
PRODUCTION
FACILITY.—The 
term ‘cannabis production facility’ means an es-
tablishment which is qualified under subchapter 
C to perform any operation for which such qual-
ification is required under such subchapter. 
‘‘(c) OTHER
DEFINITIONS.—For purposes of 
this chapter— 
‘‘(1) PRODUCE.—The term ‘produce’ includes 
any activity described in subsection (b)(2)(A). 
‘‘(2) REMOVAL; REMOVE.—The terms ‘removal’ 
or ‘remove’ means— 
‘‘(A) the transfer of cannabis products from 
the premises of a producer (or the transfer of 
such products from the bonded premises of a 
producer to a non-bonded premises of such pro-
ducer), 
‘‘(B) release of such products from customs 
custody, or 
‘‘(C) smuggling or other unlawful importation 
of such products into the United States. 
‘‘(3) REMOVAL
PRICE.—The term ‘removal 
price’ means— 
‘‘(A) except as otherwise provided in this 
paragraph, the price for which the cannabis 
product is sold in the sale which occurs in con-
nection with the removal of such product, 
‘‘(B) in the case of any such sale which is de-
scribed in section 5903(c), the price determined 
under such section, and 
‘‘(C) if there is no sale which occurs in con-
nection with such removal, the price which 
would be determined under section 5903(c) if 
such product were sold at a price which cannot 
be determined. 
‘‘SEC. 5903. LIABILITY AND METHOD OF PAYMENT. 
‘‘(a) LIABILITY FOR TAX.— 
‘‘(1) ORIGINAL
LIABILITY.—The producer or 
importer of any cannabis product shall be liable 
for the taxes imposed thereon by section 5901. 
‘‘(2) TRANSFER OF LIABILITY.— 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—When cannabis products 
are transferred, without payment of tax, pursu-
ant to subsection (b) or (c) of section 5904— 
‘‘(i) except as provided in clause (ii), the 
transferee shall become liable for the tax upon 
receipt by the transferee of such articles, and 
the transferor shall thereupon be relieved of 
their liability for such tax, and 
‘‘(ii) in the case of cannabis products which 
are released in bond from customs custody for 
transfer to the bonded premises of a producer, 
the transferee shall become liable for the tax on 
such articles upon release from customs custody, 
and the importer shall thereupon be relieved of 
their liability for such tax. 
‘‘(B) RETURNED TO BOND.—All provisions of 
this chapter applicable to cannabis products in 
bond shall be applicable to such articles re-
turned to bond upon withdrawal from the mar-
ket or returned to bond after previous removal 
for a tax-exempt purpose. 
‘‘(b) METHOD OF PAYMENT OF TAX.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.— 
‘‘(A) TAXES PAID ON BASIS OF RETURN.—The 
taxes imposed by section 5901 shall be paid on 
the basis of return. The Secretary shall, by reg-
ulations, prescribe the period or the event to be 
covered by such return and the information to 
be furnished on such return. 
‘‘(B) APPLICATION
TO
TRANSFEREES.—In the 
case of any transfer to which subsection 
(a)(2)(A) applies, the tax under section 5901 on 
the transferee shall (if not otherwise relieved by 
reason of a subsequent transfer to which such 
subsection applies) be imposed with respect to 
the removal of the cannabis product from the 
bonded premises of the transferee. 
‘‘(C) 
POSTPONEMENT.—Any 
postponement 
under this subsection of the payment of taxes 
determined at the time of removal shall be con-
ditioned upon the filing of such additional 
bonds, and upon compliance with such require-
ments, as the Secretary may prescribe for the 
protection of the revenue. The Secretary may, 
by regulations, require payment of tax on the 
basis of a return prior to removal of the can-
nabis products where a person defaults in the 
postponed payment of tax on the basis of a re-
turn under this subsection or regulations pre-
scribed thereunder. 
‘‘(D) ADMINISTRATION
AND
PENALTIES.—All 
administrative and penalty provisions of this 
title, insofar as applicable, shall apply to any 
tax imposed by section 5901. 
‘‘(2) TIME FOR PAYMENT OF TAXES.— 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—Except as otherwise pro-
vided in this paragraph, in the case of taxes on 
cannabis products removed during any semi-
monthly period under bond for deferred pay-
ment of tax, the last day for payment of such 
taxes shall be the 14th day after the last day of 
such semimonthly period. 
‘‘(B) IMPORTED ARTICLES.—In the case of can-
nabis products which are imported into the 
United States, the following provisions shall 
apply: 
‘‘(i) IN GENERAL.—The last day for payment of 
tax shall be the 14th day after the last day of 
the semimonthly period during which the article 
is entered into the customs territory of the 
United States. 
‘‘(ii) 
SPECIAL
RULE
FOR
ENTRY
OF 
WAREHOUSING.—Except as provided in clause 
(iv), in the case of an entry for warehousing, 
the last day for payment of tax shall not be 
later than the 14th day after the last day of the 
semimonthly period during which the article is 
removed from the first such warehouse. 
‘‘(iii) FOREIGN TRADE ZONES.—Except as pro-
vided in clause (iv) and in regulations pre-
scribed by the Secretary, articles brought into a 
foreign trade zone shall, notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, be treated for purposes of 
this subsection as if such zone were a single cus-
toms warehouse. 
‘‘(iv) EXCEPTION FOR ARTICLES DESTINED FOR 
EXPORT.—Clauses (ii) and (iii) shall not apply to 
any article which is shown to the satisfaction of 
the Secretary to be destined for export. 
‘‘(C) CANNABIS PRODUCTS BROUGHT INTO THE 
UNITED STATES FROM PUERTO RICO.—In the case 
of cannabis products which are brought into the 
United States from Puerto Rico and subject to 
tax under section 7652, the last day for payment 
of tax shall be the 14th day after the last day of 
the semimonthly period during which the article 
is brought into the United States. 
‘‘(D) SPECIAL RULE WHERE DUE DATE FALLS ON 
SATURDAY, 
SUNDAY, 
OR
HOLIDAY.—Notwith-
standing section 7503, if, but for this subpara-
graph, the due date under this paragraph would 
fall on a Saturday, Sunday, or a legal holiday 
(as defined in section 7503), such due date shall 
be the immediately preceding day which is not a 
Saturday, Sunday, or such a holiday. 
‘‘(E) SPECIAL
RULE
FOR
UNLAWFULLY
PRO-
DUCED CANNABIS PRODUCTS.—In the case of any 
cannabis products produced in the United 
States at any place other than the premises of a 
producer that has filed the bond and obtained 
the permit required under this chapter, tax shall 
be due and payable immediately upon produc-
tion. 
‘‘(3) PAYMENT
BY
ELECTRONIC
FUND
TRANS-
FER.—Any person who in any 12-month period, 
ending December 31, was liable for a gross 
amount equal to or exceeding $5,000,000 in taxes 
imposed on cannabis products by section 5901 
(or section 7652) shall pay such taxes during the 
succeeding calendar year by electronic fund 
transfer (as defined in section 5061(e)(2)) to a 
Federal Reserve Bank. Rules similar to the rules 
of section 5061(e)(3) shall apply to the $5,000,000 
amount specified in the preceding sentence. 
‘‘(c) DETERMINATION OF PRICE.— 
‘‘(1) CONSTRUCTIVE SALE PRICE.— 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—If an article is sold directly 
to consumers, sold on consignment, or sold (oth-
erwise than through an arm’s length trans-
action) at less than the fair market price, or if 
the price for which the article sold cannot be de-
termined, the tax under section 5901(a) shall be 
computed on the price for which such articles 
are sold, in the ordinary course of trade, by pro-
ducers thereof, as determined by the Secretary. 
‘‘(B) ARM’S LENGTH.— 
‘‘(i) IN GENERAL.—For purposes of this section, 
a sale is considered to be made under cir-
cumstances otherwise than at arm’s length if— 
‘‘(I) the parties are members of the same con-
trolled group, whether or not such control is ac-
tually exercised to influence the sale price, 
‘‘(II) the parties are members of a family, as 
defined in section 267(c)(4), or 
‘‘(III) the sale is made pursuant to special ar-
rangements between a producer and a pur-
chaser. 
‘‘(ii) CONTROLLED GROUPS.— 
‘‘(I) IN GENERAL.—The term ‘controlled group’ 
has the meaning given to such term by sub-
section (a) of section 1563, except that ‘more 
than 50 percent’ shall be substituted for ‘at least 
80 percent’ each place it appears in such sub-
section. 
‘‘(II) CONTROLLED
GROUPS
WHICH
INCLUDE 
NONINCORPORATED PERSONS.—Under regulations 
prescribed by the Secretary, principles similar to 
the principles of subclause (I) shall apply to a 
group of persons under common control where 
one or more of such persons is not a corpora-
tion. 
‘‘(2) CONTAINERS, PACKING
AND
TRANSPOR-
TATION CHARGES.—In determining, for the pur-
poses of this chapter, the price for which an ar-
ticle is sold, there shall be included any charge 
for coverings and containers of whatever na-
ture, and any charge incident to placing the ar-
ticle in condition packed ready for shipment, 
but there shall be excluded the amount of tax 
imposed by this chapter, whether or not stated 
as a separate charge. A transportation, delivery, 
insurance, installation, or other charge (not re-
quired by the preceding sentence to be included) 
shall be excluded from the price only if the 
amount thereof is established to the satisfaction 
of the Secretary in accordance with regulations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:25 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00005
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\A01AP7.002
H01APPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 4-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4082 
April 1, 2022 
‘‘(3) DETERMINATION OF APPLICABLE EQUIVA-
LENT AMOUNTS.—Paragraphs (1) and (2) shall 
apply for purposes of section 5901(c) only to the 
extent that the Secretary determines appro-
priate. 
‘‘(d) PARTIAL
PAYMENTS
AND
INSTALLMENT 
ACCOUNTS.— 
‘‘(1) PARTIAL PAYMENTS.—In the case of— 
‘‘(A) a contract for the sale of an article 
wherein it is provided that the price shall be 
paid by installments and title to the article sold 
does not pass until a future date notwith-
standing partial payment by installments, 
‘‘(B) a conditional sale, or 
‘‘(C) a chattel mortgage arrangement wherein 
it is provided that the sales price shall be paid 
in installments, 
there shall be paid upon each payment with re-
spect to the article a percentage of such pay-
ment equal to the rate of tax in effect on the 
date such payment is due. 
‘‘(2) SALES OF INSTALLMENT ACCOUNTS.—If in-
stallment accounts, with respect to payments on 
which tax is being computed as provided in 
paragraph (1), are sold or otherwise disposed of, 
then paragraph (1) shall not apply with respect 
to any subsequent payments on such accounts 
(other than subsequent payments on returned 
accounts with respect to which credit or refund 
is allowable by reason of section 6416(b)(5)), but 
instead— 
‘‘(A) there shall be paid an amount equal to 
the difference between— 
‘‘(i) the tax previously paid on the payments 
on such installment accounts, and 
‘‘(ii) the total tax which would be payable if 
such installment accounts had not been sold or 
otherwise disposed of (computed as provided in 
paragraph (1)), except that 
‘‘(B) if any such sale is pursuant to the order 
of, or subject to the approval of, a court of com-
petent jurisdiction in a bankruptcy or insol-
vency proceeding, the amount computed under 
subparagraph (A) shall not exceed the sum of 
the amounts computed by multiplying— 
‘‘(i) the proportionate share of the amount for 
which such accounts are sold which is allocable 
to each unpaid installment payment, by 
‘‘(ii) the rate of tax under this chapter in ef-
fect on the date such unpaid installment pay-
ment is or was due. 
The sum of the amounts payable under this sub-
section in respect of the sale of any article shall 
not exceed the total tax. 
‘‘SEC. 5904. EXEMPTION FROM TAX; TRANSFERS 
IN BOND. 
‘‘(a) EXEMPTION FROM TAX.—Cannabis prod-
ucts on which the internal revenue tax has not 
been paid or determined may, subject to such 
regulations as the Secretary shall prescribe, be 
withdrawn from the bonded premises of any 
producer in approved containers free of tax and 
not for resale for use— 
‘‘(1) exclusively in scientific research by a lab-
oratory, 
‘‘(2) by a proprietor of a cannabis production 
facility in research, development, or testing 
(other than consumer testing or other market 
analysis) of processes, systems, materials, or 
equipment, relating to cannabis or cannabis op-
erations, under such limitations and conditions 
as to quantities, use, and accountability as the 
Secretary may by regulations require for the 
protection of the revenue, or 
‘‘(3) by the United States or any governmental 
agency thereof, any State, any political subdivi-
sion of a State, or the District of Columbia, for 
nonconsumption purposes. 
‘‘(b) CANNABIS
PRODUCTS
TRANSFERRED
OR 
REMOVED IN BOND FROM DOMESTIC FACTORIES 
AND EXPORT WAREHOUSES.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—Subject to such regulations 
and under such bonds as the Secretary shall 
prescribe, a producer or export warehouse pro-
prietor may transfer cannabis products, without 
payment of tax, to the bonded premises of an-
other producer or export warehouse proprietor, 
or remove such articles, without payment of tax, 
for shipment to a foreign country or a posses-
sion of the United States, or for consumption be-
yond the jurisdiction of the internal revenue 
laws of the United States. 
‘‘(2) LABELING.—Cannabis products may not 
be transferred or removed under this subsection 
unless such products bear such marks, labels, or 
notices as the Secretary shall by regulations 
prescribe. 
‘‘(c) CANNABIS PRODUCTS RELEASED IN BOND 
FROM CUSTOMS CUSTODY.—Cannabis products 
imported or brought into the United States may 
be released from customs custody, without pay-
ment of tax, for delivery to a producer or export 
warehouse proprietor if such articles are not put 
up in packages, in accordance with such regula-
tions and under such bond as the Secretary 
shall prescribe. 
‘‘(d) CANNABIS PRODUCTS EXPORTED AND RE-
TURNED.—Cannabis products classifiable under 
item 9801.00.10 of the Harmonized Tariff Sched-
ule of the United States (relating to duty on cer-
tain articles previously exported and returned), 
as in effect on the date of the enactment of the 
Marijuana 
Opportunity 
Reinvestment 
and 
Expungement Act, may be released from customs 
custody, without payment of that part of the 
duty attributable to the internal revenue tax for 
delivery to the original producer of such can-
nabis products or to the export warehouse pro-
prietor authorized by such producer to receive 
such products, in accordance with such regula-
tions and under such bond as the Secretary 
shall prescribe. Upon such release such products 
shall be subject to this chapter as if they had 
not been exported or otherwise removed from in-
ternal revenue bond. 
‘‘SEC. 5905. CREDIT, REFUND, OR DRAWBACK OF 
TAX. 
‘‘(a) CREDIT OR REFUND.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—Credit or refund of any tax 
imposed by this chapter or section 7652 shall be 
allowed or made (without interest) to the can-
nabis enterprise on proof satisfactory to the Sec-
retary that the claimant cannabis enterprise has 
paid the tax on— 
‘‘(A) cannabis products withdrawn from the 
market by the claimant, or 
‘‘(B) such products lost (otherwise than by 
theft) or destroyed, by fire, casualty, or act of 
God, while in the possession or ownership of the 
claimant. 
‘‘(2) CANNABIS PRODUCTS LOST OR DESTROYED 
IN BOND.— 
‘‘(A) EXTENT
OF
LOSS
ALLOWANCE.—No tax 
shall be collected in respect of cannabis prod-
ucts lost or destroyed while in bond, except that 
such tax shall be collected— 
‘‘(i) in the case of loss by theft, unless the Sec-
retary finds that the theft occurred without con-
nivance, collusion, fraud, or negligence on the 
part of the proprietor of the cannabis produc-
tion facility, owner, consignor, consignee, bail-
ee, or carrier, or their employees or agents, 
‘‘(ii) in the case of voluntary destruction, un-
less such destruction is carried out as provided 
in paragraph (3), and 
‘‘(iii) in the case of an unexplained shortage 
of cannabis products. 
‘‘(B) PROOF OF LOSS.—In any case in which 
cannabis products are lost or destroyed, whether 
by theft or otherwise, the Secretary may require 
the proprietor of a cannabis production facility 
or other person liable for the tax to file a claim 
for relief from the tax and submit proof as to the 
cause of such loss. In every case where it ap-
pears that the loss was by theft, the burden 
shall be upon the proprietor of the cannabis 
production facility or other person responsible 
for the tax under section 5901 to establish to the 
satisfaction of the Secretary that such loss did 
not occur as the result of connivance, collusion, 
fraud, or negligence on the part of the propri-
etor of the cannabis production facility, owner, 
consignor, consignee, bailee, or carrier, or their 
employees or agents. 
‘‘(C) REFUND OF TAX.—In any case where the 
tax would not be collectible by virtue of sub-
paragraph (A), but such tax has been paid, the 
Secretary shall refund such tax. 
‘‘(D) LIMITATIONS.—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (E), no tax shall be abated, remit-
ted, credited, or refunded under this paragraph 
where the loss occurred after the tax was deter-
mined. The abatement, remission, credit, or re-
fund of taxes provided for by subparagraphs (A) 
and (C) in the case of loss of cannabis products 
by theft shall only be allowed to the extent that 
the claimant is not indemnified against or rec-
ompensed in respect of the tax for such loss. 
‘‘(E) APPLICABILITY.—The provisions of this 
paragraph shall extend to and apply in respect 
of cannabis products lost after the tax was de-
termined and before completion of the physical 
removal of the cannabis products from the bond-
ed premises. 
‘‘(3) VOLUNTARY
DESTRUCTION.—The propri-
etor of a cannabis production facility or other 
persons liable for the tax imposed by this chap-
ter or by section 7652 with respect to any can-
nabis product in bond may voluntarily destroy 
such products, but only if such destruction is 
under such supervision and under such regula-
tions as the Secretary may prescribe. 
‘‘(4) LIMITATION.—Any claim for credit or re-
fund of tax under this subsection shall be filed 
within 6 months after the date of the with-
drawal from the market, loss, or destruction of 
the products to which the claim relates, and 
shall be in such form and contain such informa-
tion as the Secretary shall by regulations pre-
scribe. 
‘‘(b) DRAWBACK OF TAX.—There shall be an 
allowance of drawback of tax paid on cannabis 
products, when shipped from the United States, 
in accordance with such regulations and upon 
the filing of such bond as the Secretary shall 
prescribe. 
‘‘Subchapter B—Occupational Tax 
‘‘Sec. 5911. Imposition and rate of tax. 
‘‘Sec. 5912. Payment of tax. 
‘‘Sec. 5913. Provisions relating to liability for 
occupational taxes. 
‘‘Sec. 5914. Application to State laws. 
‘‘SEC. 5911. IMPOSITION AND RATE OF TAX. 
‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—Any person engaged in 
business as a producer or an export warehouse 
proprietor shall pay a tax of $1,000 per year (re-
ferred to in this subchapter as an ‘occupational 
tax’) in respect of each premises at which such 
business is carried on. 
‘‘(b) PENALTY FOR FAILURE TO REGISTER.— 
Any person engaged in business as a producer 
or an export warehouse proprietor who willfully 
fails to pay the occupation tax shall be fined 
not more than $5,000, or imprisoned not more 
than 2 years, or both, for each such offense. 
‘‘SEC. 5912. PAYMENT OF TAX. 
‘‘(a) CONDITION PRECEDENT TO CARRYING ON 
BUSINESS.—No person shall be engaged in or 
carry on any trade or business subject to the oc-
cupational tax until such person has paid such 
tax. 
‘‘(b) COMPUTATION.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—The occupational tax shall 
be imposed— 
‘‘(A) as of on the first day of July in each 
year, or 
‘‘(B) on commencing any trade or business on 
which such tax is imposed. 
‘‘(2) PERIOD.—In the case of a tax imposed 
under subparagraph (A) of paragraph (1), the 
occupational tax shall be reckoned for 1 year, 
and in the case of subparagraph (B) of such 
paragraph, it shall be reckoned proportionately, 
from the first day of the month in which the li-
ability to such tax commenced, to and including 
the 30th day of June following. 
‘‘(c) METHOD OF PAYMENT.— 
‘‘(1) PAYMENT BY RETURN.—The occupational 
tax shall be paid on the basis of a return under 
such regulations as the Secretary shall pre-
scribe. 
‘‘(2) STAMP DENOTING PAYMENT OF TAX.—After 
receiving a properly executed return and remit-
tance of any occupational tax, the Secretary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:25 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00006
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\A01AP7.002
H01APPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 5-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4083 
April 1, 2022 
shall issue to the taxpayer an appropriate stamp 
as a receipt denoting payment of the tax. This 
paragraph shall not apply in the case of a re-
turn covering liability for a past period. 
‘‘SEC. 5913. PROVISIONS RELATING TO LIABILITY 
FOR OCCUPATIONAL TAXES. 
‘‘(a) PARTNERS.—Any number of persons 
doing business in partnership at any one place 
shall be required to pay a single occupational 
tax. 
‘‘(b) DIFFERENT BUSINESSES OF SAME OWNER-
SHIP AND LOCATION.—Whenever more than one 
of the pursuits or occupations described in this 
subchapter are carried on in the same place by 
the same person at the same time, except as oth-
erwise provided in this subchapter, the occupa-
tional tax shall be paid for each according to 
the rates severally prescribed. 
‘‘(c) BUSINESSES
IN MORE THAN ONE LOCA-
TION.— 
‘‘(1) LIABILITY FOR TAX.—The payment of the 
occupational tax shall not exempt from an addi-
tional occupational tax the person carrying on 
a trade or business in any other place than that 
stated in the records of the Internal Revenue 
Service. 
‘‘(2) STORAGE.—Nothing contained in para-
graph (1) shall require imposition of an occupa-
tional tax for the storage of cannabis products 
at a location other than the place where such 
products are sold or offered for sale. 
‘‘(3) PLACE.— 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—For purposes of this sec-
tion, the term ‘place’ means the entire office, 
plant or area of the business in any one location 
under the same proprietorship. 
‘‘(B) DIVISIONS.—For purposes of this para-
graph, any passageways, streets, highways, rail 
crossings, waterways, or partitions dividing the 
premises shall not be deemed sufficient separa-
tion to require an additional occupational tax, 
if the various divisions are otherwise contig-
uous. 
‘‘(d) DEATH OR CHANGE OF LOCATION.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—In addition to the person 
who has paid the occupational tax for the car-
rying on of any business at any place, any per-
son described in paragraph (2) may secure the 
right to carry on, without incurring any addi-
tional occupational tax, the same business at 
the same place for the remainder of the taxable 
period for which the occupational tax was paid. 
‘‘(2) ELIGIBLE
PERSONS.—The persons de-
scribed in this paragraph are the following: 
‘‘(A) The surviving spouse or child, or execu-
tor or administrator or other legal representa-
tive, of a deceased taxpayer. 
‘‘(B) A husband or wife succeeding to the 
business of his or her living spouse. 
‘‘(C) A receiver or trustee in bankruptcy, or 
an assignee for benefit of creditors. 
‘‘(D) The partner or partners remaining after 
death or withdrawal of a member of a partner-
ship. 
‘‘(3) CHANGE OF LOCATION.—When any person 
moves to any place other than the place for 
which occupational tax was paid for the car-
rying on of any business, such person may se-
cure the right to carry on, without incurring ad-
ditional occupational tax, the same business at 
the new location for the remainder of the tax-
able period for which the occupational tax was 
paid. To secure the right to carry on the busi-
ness without incurring additional occupational 
tax, the successor, or the person relocating their 
business, must register the succession or reloca-
tion with the Secretary in accordance with reg-
ulations prescribed by the Secretary. 
‘‘(e) FEDERAL AGENCIES
OR INSTRUMENTAL-
ITIES.—Any tax imposed by this subchapter 
shall apply to any agency or instrumentality of 
the United States unless such agency or instru-
mentality is granted by statute a specific exemp-
tion from such tax. 
‘‘SEC. 5914. APPLICATION TO STATE LAWS. 
‘‘The payment of any tax imposed by this sub-
chapter for carrying on any trade or business 
shall not be held to— 
‘‘(1) exempt any person from any penalty or 
punishment provided by the laws of any State 
for carrying on such trade or business within 
such State, or in any manner to authorize the 
commencement or continuance of such trade or 
business contrary to the laws of such State or in 
places prohibited by municipal law, or 
‘‘(2) prohibit any State from placing a duty or 
tax on the same trade or business, for State or 
other purposes. 
‘‘Subchapter C—Bond and Permits 
‘‘Sec. 5921. Establishment and bond. 
‘‘Sec. 5922. Application for permit. 
‘‘Sec. 5923. Permit. 
‘‘SEC. 5921. ESTABLISHMENT AND BOND. 
‘‘(a) PROHIBITION ON PRODUCTION OUTSIDE OF 
BONDED CANNABIS PRODUCTION FACILITY.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—Except as authorized by the 
Secretary or on the bonded premises of a can-
nabis production facility duly authorized to 
produce cannabis products according to law, no 
cannabis product may planted, cultivated, har-
vested, grown, manufactured, produced, com-
pounded, converted, processed, prepared, or 
packaged in any building or on any premises. 
‘‘(2) AUTHORIZED PRODUCERS ONLY.—No per-
son other than a producer which has filed the 
bond required under subsection (b) and received 
a permit described in section 5923 may produce 
any cannabis product. 
‘‘(3) PERSONAL
USE
EXCEPTION.—This sub-
section shall not apply with respect the activi-
ties of an individual who is not treated as a pro-
ducer by reason of section 5902(b)(2)(B). 
‘‘(b) BOND.— 
‘‘(1) WHEN
REQUIRED.—Every person, before 
commencing business as a producer or an export 
warehouse proprietor, shall file such bond, con-
ditioned upon compliance with this chapter and 
regulations issued thereunder, in such form, 
amount, and manner as the Secretary shall by 
regulation prescribe. A new or additional bond 
may be required whenever the Secretary con-
siders such action necessary for the protection 
of the revenue. 
‘‘(2) APPROVAL OR DISAPPROVAL.—No person 
shall engage in such business until he receives 
notice of approval of such bond. A bond may be 
disapproved, upon notice to the principal on the 
bond, if the Secretary determines that the bond 
is not adequate to protect the revenue. 
‘‘(3) CANCELLATION.—Any bond filed here-
under may be canceled, upon notice to the prin-
cipal on the bond, whenever the Secretary deter-
mines that the bond no longer adequately pro-
tects the revenue. 
‘‘SEC. 5922. APPLICATION FOR PERMIT. 
‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—Every person, before com-
mencing business as a cannabis enterprise, and 
at such other time as the Secretary shall by reg-
ulation prescribe, shall make application for the 
permit provided for in section 5923. The applica-
tion shall be in such form as the Secretary shall 
prescribe and shall set forth, truthfully and ac-
curately, the information called for on the form. 
Such application may be rejected and the permit 
denied if the Secretary, after notice and oppor-
tunity for hearing, finds that— 
‘‘(1) the premises on which it is proposed to 
conduct the cannabis enterprise will not be ade-
quate to protect the revenue after commencing 
operations, or 
‘‘(2) such person (including, in the case of a 
corporation, any officer, director, or principal 
stockholder and, in the case of a partnership, 
any partner) has failed to disclose any material 
information required or made any materially 
false statement in the application therefor. 
‘‘SEC. 5923. PERMIT. 
‘‘(a) ISSUANCE.—A person shall not engage in 
business as a cannabis enterprise without a per-
mit to engage in such business. Such permit, 
conditioned upon compliance with this chapter 
and regulations issued thereunder, shall be 
issued in such form and in such manner as the 
Secretary shall by regulation prescribe. A new 
permit may be required at such other time as the 
Secretary shall by regulation prescribe. 
‘‘(b) SUSPENSION OR REVOCATION.— 
‘‘(1) SHOW CAUSE HEARING.—If the Secretary 
has reason to believe that any person holding a 
permit— 
‘‘(A) has not in good faith complied with this 
chapter, or with any other provision of this title 
involving intent to defraud, 
‘‘(B) has violated the conditions of such per-
mit, 
‘‘(C) has failed to disclose any material infor-
mation required or made any material false 
statement in the application for such permit, or 
‘‘(D) has failed to maintain their premises in 
such manner as to protect the revenue, 
the Secretary shall issue an order, stating the 
facts charged, citing such person to show cause 
why their permit should not be suspended or re-
voked. 
‘‘(2) ACTION
FOLLOWING
HEARING.—If, after 
hearing, the Secretary finds that such person 
has not shown cause why their permit should 
not be suspended or revoked, such permit shall 
be suspended for such period as the Secretary 
deems proper or shall be revoked. 
‘‘(c) INFORMATION REPORTING.—The Secretary 
may require— 
‘‘(1) information reporting by any person 
issued a permit under this section, and 
‘‘(2) information reporting by such other per-
sons as the Secretary deems necessary to carry 
out this chapter. 
‘‘(d) INSPECTION OR DISCLOSURE OF INFORMA-
TION.—For rules relating to inspection and dis-
closure of returns and return information, see 
section 6103(o). 
‘‘Subchapter D—Operations 
‘‘Sec. 5931. Inventories, reports, and records. 
‘‘Sec. 5932. Packaging and labeling. 
‘‘Sec. 5933. Purchase, receipt, possession, or 
sale of cannabis products after re-
moval. 
‘‘Sec. 5934. Restrictions relating to marks, la-
bels, notices, and packages. 
‘‘Sec. 5935. Restriction on importation of pre-
viously exported cannabis prod-
ucts. 
‘‘SEC. 
5931. 
INVENTORIES, 
REPORTS, 
AND 
RECORDS. 
‘‘Every cannabis enterprise shall— 
‘‘(1) make a true and accurate inventory at 
the time of commencing business, at the time of 
concluding business, and at such other times, in 
such manner and form, and to include such 
items, as the Secretary shall by regulation pre-
scribe, with such inventories to be subject to 
verification by any internal revenue officer, 
‘‘(2) make reports containing such informa-
tion, in such form, at such times, and for such 
periods as the Secretary shall by regulation pre-
scribe, and 
‘‘(3) keep such records in such manner as the 
Secretary shall by regulation prescribe, with 
such records to be available for inspection by 
any internal revenue officer during business 
hours. 
‘‘SEC. 5932. PACKAGING AND LABELING. 
‘‘(a) PACKAGES.—All cannabis products shall, 
before removal, be put up in such packages as 
the Secretary shall by regulation prescribe. 
‘‘(b) MARKS, LABELS, AND NOTICES.—Every 
package of cannabis products shall, before re-
moval, bear the marks, labels, and notices if 
any, that the Secretary by regulation prescribes. 
‘‘(c) LOTTERY FEATURES.—No certificate, cou-
pon, or other device purporting to be or to rep-
resent a ticket, chance, share, or an interest in, 
or dependent on, the event of a lottery shall be 
contained in, attached to, or stamped, marked, 
written, or printed on any package of cannabis 
products. 
‘‘(d) INDECENT OR IMMORAL MATERIAL PRO-
HIBITED.—No indecent or immoral picture, print, 
or representation shall be contained in, at-
tached to, or stamped, marked, written, or print-
ed on any package of cannabis products. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:25 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00007
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\A01AP7.002
H01APPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 6-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4084 
April 1, 2022 
‘‘(e) EXCEPTIONS.—Subject to regulations pre-
scribed by the Secretary, cannabis products may 
be exempted from subsections (a) and (b) if such 
products are— 
‘‘(1) for experimental purposes, or 
‘‘(2) transferred to the bonded premises of an-
other producer or export warehouse proprietor 
or released in bond from customs custody for de-
livery to a producer. 
‘‘SEC. 5933. PURCHASE, RECEIPT, POSSESSION, OR 
SALE 
OF 
CANNABIS 
PRODUCTS 
AFTER REMOVAL. 
‘‘(a) RESTRICTION.—No person shall— 
‘‘(1) with intent to defraud the United States, 
purchase, receive, possess, offer for sale, or sell 
or otherwise dispose of, after removal, any can-
nabis products— 
‘‘(A) upon which the tax has not been paid or 
determined in the manner and at the time pre-
scribed by this chapter or regulations there-
under, or 
‘‘(B) which, after removal without payment of 
tax pursuant to section 5904(a), have been di-
verted from the applicable purpose or use speci-
fied in that section, 
‘‘(2) with intent to defraud the United States, 
purchase, receive, possess, offer for sale, or sell 
or otherwise dispose of, after removal, any can-
nabis products which are not put up in pack-
ages as required under section 5932 or which are 
put up in packages not bearing the marks, la-
bels, and notices, as required under such sec-
tion, or 
‘‘(3) otherwise than with intent to defraud the 
United States, purchase, receive, possess, offer 
for sale, or sell or otherwise dispose of, after re-
moval, any cannabis products which are not put 
up in packages as required under section 5932 or 
which are put up in packages not bearing the 
marks, labels, and notices, as required under 
such section. 
‘‘(b) EXCEPTION.—Paragraph (3) of subsection 
(a) shall not prevent the sale or delivery of can-
nabis products directly to consumers from prop-
er packages, nor apply to such articles when so 
sold or delivered. 
‘‘(c) LIABILITY TO TAX.—Any person who pos-
sesses cannabis products in violation of para-
graph (1) or (2) of subsection (a) shall be liable 
for a tax equal to the tax on such articles. 
‘‘SEC. 5934. RESTRICTIONS RELATING TO MARKS, 
LABELS, NOTICES, AND PACKAGES. 
‘‘No person shall, with intent to defraud the 
United States, destroy, obliterate, or detach any 
mark, label, or notice prescribed or authorized, 
by this chapter or regulations thereunder, to ap-
pear on, or be affixed to, any package of can-
nabis products before such package is emptied. 
‘‘SEC. 5935. RESTRICTION ON IMPORTATION OF 
PREVIOUSLY EXPORTED CANNABIS 
PRODUCTS. 
‘‘(a) EXPORT LABELED CANNABIS PRODUCTS.— 
‘‘(1) IN
GENERAL.—Cannabis products pro-
duced in the United States and labeled for ex-
portation under this chapter— 
‘‘(A) may be transferred to or removed from 
the premises of a producer or an export ware-
house proprietor only if such articles are being 
transferred or removed without tax in accord-
ance with section 5904, 
‘‘(B) may be imported or brought into the 
United States, after their exportation, only if 
such articles either are eligible to be released 
from customs custody with the partial duty ex-
emption provided in section 5904(d) or are re-
turned to the original producer of such article 
as provided in section 5904(c), and 
‘‘(C) may not be sold or held for sale for do-
mestic consumption in the United States unless 
such articles are removed from their export 
packaging and repackaged by the original pro-
ducer into new packaging that does not contain 
an export label. 
‘‘(2) ALTERATIONS
BY
PERSONS
OTHER
THAN 
ORIGINAL PRODUCER.—This section shall apply 
to articles labeled for export even if the pack-
aging or the appearance of such packaging to 
the consumer of such articles has been modified 
or altered by a person other than the original 
producer so as to remove or conceal or attempt 
to remove or conceal (including by the place-
ment of a sticker over) any export label. 
‘‘(3) EXPORTS INCLUDE SHIPMENTS TO PUERTO 
RICO.—For purposes of this section, section 
5904(d), section 5941, and such other provisions 
as the Secretary may specify by regulations, ref-
erences to exportation shall be treated as includ-
ing a reference to shipment to the Common-
wealth of Puerto Rico. 
‘‘(b) EXPORT LABEL.—For purposes of this 
section, an article is labeled for export or con-
tains an export label if it bears the mark, label, 
or notice required under section 5904(b). 
‘‘Subchapter E—Penalties 
‘‘Sec. 5941. Civil penalties. 
‘‘Sec. 5942. Criminal penalties. 
‘‘SEC. 5941. CIVIL PENALTIES. 
‘‘(a) OMITTING THINGS REQUIRED
OR DOING 
THINGS FORBIDDEN.—Whoever willfully omits, 
neglects, or refuses to comply with any duty im-
posed upon them by this chapter, or to do, or 
cause to be done, any of the things required by 
this chapter, or does anything prohibited by this 
chapter, shall in addition to any other penalty 
provided in this title, be liable to a penalty of 
$10,000, to be recovered, with costs of suit, in a 
civil action, except where a penalty under sub-
section (b) or (c) or under section 6651 or 6653 or 
part II of subchapter A of chapter 68 may be 
collected from such person by assessment. 
‘‘(b) FAILURE TO PAY TAX.—Whoever fails to 
pay any tax imposed by this chapter at the time 
prescribed by law or regulations, shall, in addi-
tion to any other penalty provided in this title, 
be liable to a penalty of 10 percent of the tax 
due but unpaid. 
‘‘(c) SALE OF CANNABIS OR CANNABIS PROD-
UCTS FOR EXPORT.— 
‘‘(1) Every person who sells, relands, or re-
ceives within the jurisdiction of the United 
States any cannabis products which have been 
labeled or shipped for exportation under this 
chapter, 
‘‘(2) every person who sells or receives such re-
landed cannabis products, and 
‘‘(3) every person who aids or abets in such 
selling, relanding, or receiving, 
shall, in addition to the tax and any other pen-
alty provided in this title, be liable for a penalty 
equal to the greater of $10,000 or 10 times the 
amount of the tax imposed by this chapter. All 
cannabis products relanded within the jurisdic-
tion of the United States shall be forfeited to the 
United States and destroyed. All vessels, vehi-
cles, and aircraft used in such relanding or in 
removing such cannabis products from the place 
where relanded, shall be forfeited to the United 
States. 
‘‘(d) APPLICABILITY
OF
SECTION
6665.—The 
penalties imposed by subsections (b) and (c) 
shall be assessed, collected, and paid in the 
same manner as taxes, as provided in section 
6665(a). 
‘‘(e) CROSS REFERENCES.—For penalty for fail-
ure to make deposits or for overstatement of de-
posits, see section 6656. 
‘‘SEC. 5942. CRIMINAL PENALTIES. 
‘‘(a) FRAUDULENT OFFENSES.—Whoever, with 
intent to defraud the United States— 
‘‘(1) engages in business as a cannabis enter-
prise without filing the application and obtain-
ing the permit where required by this chapter or 
regulations thereunder, 
‘‘(2) fails to keep or make any record, return, 
report, or inventory, or keeps or makes any false 
or fraudulent record, return, report, or inven-
tory, required by this chapter or regulations 
thereunder, 
‘‘(3) refuses to pay any tax imposed by this 
chapter, or attempts in any manner to evade or 
defeat the tax or the payment thereof, 
‘‘(4) sells or otherwise transfers, contrary to 
this chapter or regulations thereunder, any can-
nabis products subject to tax under this chapter, 
or 
‘‘(5) purchases, receives, or possesses, with in-
tent to redistribute or resell, any cannabis prod-
uct— 
‘‘(A) upon which the tax has not been paid or 
determined in the manner and at the time pre-
scribed by this chapter or regulations there-
under, or 
‘‘(B) which, without payment of tax pursuant 
to section 5904, have been diverted from the ap-
plicable purpose or use specified in that section, 
shall, for each such offense, be fined not more 
than $10,000, or imprisoned not more than 5 
years, or both. 
‘‘(b) LIABILITY TO TAX.—Any person who pos-
sesses cannabis products in violation of sub-
section (a) shall be liable for a tax equal to the 
tax on such articles.’’. 
(c) STUDY.—Not later than 2 years after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, and every 5 
years thereafter, the Secretary of the Treasury, 
or the Secretary’s delegate, shall— 
(1) conduct a study concerning the character-
istics of the cannabis industry, including the 
number of persons operating cannabis enter-
prises at each level of such industry, the volume 
of sales, the amount of tax collected each year, 
and the areas of evasion, and 
(2) submit to Congress recommendations to im-
prove the regulation of the industry and the ad-
ministration of the related tax. 
(d) ANNUAL REPORTS REGARDING DETERMINA-
TION OF APPLICABLE RATES.—Not later than 6 
months before the beginning of each calendar 
year to which section 5901(a)(2) of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 (as added by this section) 
applies, the Secretary of the Treasury, or the 
Secretary’s delegate, shall make publicly avail-
able a detailed description of the methodology 
which the Secretary anticipates using to deter-
mine the applicable rate per ounce and the ap-
plicable rate per gram which will apply for such 
calendar year under section 5901(c)(2) of such 
Code. 
(e) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS.— 
(1) Section 6103(o)(1)(A) of the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘and 
firearms’’ and inserting ‘‘firearms, and cannabis 
products’’. 
(2) The table of chapters for subtitle E of such 
Code is amended by adding at the end the fol-
lowing new item: 
‘‘CHAPTER 56. CANNABIS PRODUCTS’’. 
(3) The table of sections for subchapter A of 
chapter 98 of such Code is amended by adding 
at the end the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 9512. Establishment of Opportunity Trust 
Fund.’’. 
(f) EFFECTIVE DATE.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Except as otherwise provided 
in this subsection, the amendments made by this 
section shall apply to removals, and applica-
tions for permits under section 5922 of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986 (as added by sub-
section (b)), after 180 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act. 
(2) ESTABLISHMENT
OF
OPPORTUNITY
TRUST 
FUND.—The amendment made by subsection (a) 
shall take effect on the date of the enactment of 
this Act. 
SEC. 6. OPPORTUNITY TRUST FUND PROGRAMS. 
(a) CANNABIS JUSTICE OFFICE; COMMUNITY RE-
INVESTMENT GRANT PROGRAM.— 
(1) CANNABIS JUSTICE OFFICE.—Part A of title 
I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets 
Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10101 et seq.) is amended 
by inserting after section 109 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 110. CANNABIS JUSTICE OFFICE. 
‘‘(a) ESTABLISHMENT.—There is established 
within the Office of Justice Programs a Can-
nabis Justice Office. 
‘‘(b) DIRECTOR.—The Cannabis Justice Office 
shall be headed by a Director who shall be ap-
pointed by the Assistant Attorney General for 
the Office of Justice Programs. The Director 
shall report to the Assistant Attorney General 
for the Office of Justice Programs. The Director 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:25 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00008
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\A01AP7.002
H01APPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 7-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4085 
April 1, 2022 
shall award grants and may enter into com-
pacts, cooperative agreements, and contracts on 
behalf of the Cannabis Justice Office. The Di-
rector may not engage in any employment other 
than that of serving as the Director, nor may 
the Director hold any office in, or act in any ca-
pacity for, any organization, agency, or institu-
tion with which the Office makes any contract 
or other arrangement. 
‘‘(c) EMPLOYEES.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—The Director shall employ 
as many full-time employees as are needed to 
carry out the duties and functions of the Can-
nabis Justice Office under subsection (d). Such 
employees shall be exclusively assigned to the 
Cannabis Justice Office. 
‘‘(2) INITIAL HIRES.—Not later than 6 months 
after the date of enactment of this section, the 
Director shall— 
‘‘(A) hire no less than one-third of the total 
number of employees of the Cannabis Justice Of-
fice; and 
‘‘(B) no more than one-half of the employees 
assigned to the Cannabis Justice Office by term 
appointment that may after 2 years be converted 
to career appointment. 
‘‘(3) LEGAL COUNSEL.—At least one employee 
hired for the Cannabis Justice Office shall serve 
as legal counsel to the Director and shall pro-
vide counsel to the Cannabis Justice Office. 
‘‘(d) DUTIES AND FUNCTIONS.—The Cannabis 
Justice Office is authorized to— 
‘‘(1) administer the Community Reinvestment 
Grant Program; and 
‘‘(2) perform such other functions as the As-
sistant Attorney General for the Office of Jus-
tice Programs may delegate, that are consistent 
with the statutory obligations of this section.’’. 
(2) COMMUNITY
REINVESTMENT
GRANT
PRO-
GRAM.—Title I of the Omnibus Crime Control 
and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. et seq.) 
is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘PART PP—COMMUNITY REINVESTMENT 
GRANT PROGRAM 
‘‘SEC. 3056. AUTHORIZATION. 
‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—The Director of the Can-
nabis Justice Office shall establish and carry 
out a grant program, known as the ‘Community 
Reinvestment Grant Program’, to provide eligi-
ble entities with funds to administer services for 
individuals adversely impacted by the War on 
Drugs, including— 
‘‘(1) job training; 
‘‘(2) reentry services; 
‘‘(3) legal aid for civil and criminal cases, in-
cluding expungement of cannabis convictions; 
‘‘(4) literacy programs; 
‘‘(5) youth recreation or mentoring programs; 
and 
‘‘(6) health education programs. 
‘‘(b) SUBSTANCE USE DISORDER SERVICES.— 
The Director, in consultation with the Secretary 
of Health and Human Services, shall provide eli-
gible entities with funds to administer substance 
use disorder services for individuals adversely 
impacted by the War on Drugs or connect pa-
tients with substance use disorder services. Also 
eligible for such services are individuals who 
have been arrested for or convicted of the sale, 
possession, use, manufacture, or cultivation of a 
controlled substance other than cannabis (ex-
cept for a conviction involving distribution to a 
minor). 
‘‘SEC. 3057. FUNDING FROM OPPORTUNITY TRUST 
FUND. 
‘‘The Director shall carry out the program 
under this part using funds made available 
under section 9512(c)(1) and (2) of the Internal 
Revenue Code. 
‘‘SEC. 3058. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this part: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘cannabis conviction’ means a 
conviction, or adjudication of juvenile delin-
quency, for a cannabis offense (as such term is 
defined in section 13 of the Marijuana Oppor-
tunity Reinvestment and Expungement Act). 
‘‘(2) The term ‘eligible entity’ means a non-
profit organization, as defined in section 
501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code, that is 
representative of a community or a significant 
segment of a community with experience in pro-
viding relevant services to individuals adversely 
impacted by the War on Drugs in that commu-
nity. 
‘‘(3) The term ‘individuals adversely impacted 
by the War on Drugs’ has the meaning given 
that term in section 6 of the Marijuana Oppor-
tunity Reinvestment and Expungement Act.’’. 
(b) 
CANNABIS
RESTORATIVE
OPPORTUNITY 
PROGRAM; EQUITABLE LICENSING GRANT PRO-
GRAM.— 
(1) CANNABIS RESTORATIVE OPPORTUNITY PRO-
GRAM.—The Administrator of the Small Business 
Administration shall establish and carry out a 
program, to be known as the ‘‘Cannabis Restor-
ative Opportunity Program’’, to provide loans 
and technical assistance under section 7(m) of 
the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(m)) to as-
sist small business concerns owned and con-
trolled by socially and economically disadvan-
taged individuals that operate in eligible States 
or localities. 
(2) EQUITABLE LICENSING GRANT PROGRAM.— 
The Administrator of the Small Business Admin-
istration shall establish and carry out a grant 
program, to be known as the ‘‘Equitable Licens-
ing Grant Program’’, to provide any eligible 
State or locality funds to develop and implement 
equitable cannabis licensing programs that min-
imize barriers to cannabis licensing and employ-
ment for individuals adversely impacted by the 
War on Drugs, provided that each grantee in-
cludes in its cannabis licensing program at least 
four of the following elements: 
(A) A waiver of cannabis license application 
fees for individuals who report an income below 
250 percent of the Federal Poverty Level for at 
least 5 of the past 10 years and who are first- 
time applicants for a cannabis license. 
(B) A prohibition on the denial of a cannabis 
license based on a conviction for a cannabis of-
fense that took place prior to State legalization 
of cannabis or the date of enactment of this Act, 
as appropriate. 
(C) A prohibition on restrictions for licensing 
relating to criminal convictions except with re-
spect to a criminal conviction related to owning 
and operating a business. 
(D) A prohibition on cannabis license holders 
engaging in suspicionless cannabis drug testing 
of their prospective or current employees, except 
with respect to drug testing for safety-sensitive 
positions required under part 40 of title 49, Code 
of Federal Regulations. 
(E) The establishment of a cannabis licensing 
board that is reflective of the racial, ethnic, eco-
nomic, and gender composition of the eligible 
State or locality, to serve as an oversight body 
of the equitable licensing program. 
(3) DEFINITIONS.—In this subsection: 
(A) ELIGIBLE STATE OR LOCALITY.—The term 
‘‘eligible State or locality’’ means a State or lo-
cality that has taken steps to— 
(i) create an automatic process, at no cost to 
the individual, for the expungement, destruc-
tion, or sealing of criminal records for cannabis 
offenses; and 
(ii) eliminate violations or other penalties for 
persons under parole, probation, pre-trial, or 
other State or local criminal supervision for a 
cannabis offense. 
(B) INDIVIDUAL ADVERSELY IMPACTED BY THE 
WAR ON DRUGS.—The term ‘‘individual adversely 
impacted by the War on Drugs’’ means an indi-
vidual— 
(i) who reports an income below 250 percent of 
the Federal Poverty Level for at least 5 of the 
past 10 years; and 
(ii) who has been arrested for or convicted of 
the sale, possession, use, manufacture, or cul-
tivation of cannabis (except for a conviction in-
volving distribution to a minor), or whose par-
ent, sibling, spouse, or child has been arrested 
for or convicted of such an offense. 
(C) SMALL BUSINESS CONCERN OWNED AND CON-
TROLLED BY SOCIALLY AND ECONOMICALLY DIS-
ADVANTAGED
INDIVIDUALS.—The term ‘‘small 
business concern owned and controlled by so-
cially and economically disadvantaged individ-
uals’’ has the meaning given in section 
8(d)(3)(C) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 
637(d)(3)(C)). 
(D) STATE.—The term ‘‘State’’ means each of 
the several States, the District of Columbia, 
Puerto Rico, any territory or possession of the 
United States, and any Indian Tribe (as defined 
in section 201 of Public Law 90–294 (25 U.S.C. 
1301) (commonly known as the ‘‘Indian Civil 
Rights Act of 1968’’)). 
(c) STUDY ON PROGRAMS.— 
(1) GAO STUDY.—The Comptroller General of 
the United States, in consultation with the Ad-
ministrator of the Small Business Administra-
tion, shall conduct an annual study on the indi-
viduals and entities receiving assistance under 
the Cannabis Restorative Opportunity and Eq-
uitable Licensing Programs. This study shall in-
clude the types of assistance by state, and a de-
scription of the efforts by the Small Business 
Administration to increase access to capital for 
cannabis-related small business concerns owned 
and controlled by socially and economically dis-
advantaged individuals, individuals adversely 
impacted by the War on Drugs, as well as the 
racial, ethnic, economic and gender composition 
of the eligible State or locality. 
(2) REPORT.—Not later than 1 year after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller 
General of the United States shall submit a re-
port on the results of the study conducted under 
paragraph (1) to— 
(A) the Committee on Small Business of the 
House of Representatives; 
(B) the Committee on Small Business and En-
trepreneurship of the Senate; 
(C) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
House of Representatives; and 
(D) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
Senate. 
SEC. 7. AVAILABILITY OF SMALL BUSINESS AD-
MINISTRATION 
PROGRAMS 
AND 
SERVICES 
TO 
CANNABIS-RELATED 
LEGITIMATE BUSINESSES AND SERV-
ICE PROVIDERS. 
(a) DEFINITIONS RELATING
TO CANNABIS-RE-
LATED
LEGITIMATE
BUSINESSES
AND
SERVICE 
PROVIDERS.—Section 3 of the Small Business Act 
(15 U.S.C. 632) is amended by adding at the end 
the following new subsection: 
‘‘(gg) CANNABIS-RELATED LEGITIMATE BUSI-
NESSES AND SERVICE PROVIDERS.—In this Act: 
‘‘(1) CANNABIS.—The term ‘cannabis’— 
‘‘(A) means— 
‘‘(i) all parts of the plant Cannabis sativa L., 
whether growing or not; 
‘‘(ii) the seeds thereof; 
‘‘(iii) the resin extracted from any part of 
such plant; and 
‘‘(iv) every compound, manufacture, salt, de-
rivative, mixture, or preparation of such plant, 
its seeds or resin; and 
‘‘(B) does not include— 
‘‘(i) hemp, as defined in section 297A of the 
Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946; 
‘‘(ii) the mature stalks of such plant, fiber 
produced from such stalks, oil or cake made 
from the seeds of such plant, any other com-
pound, manufacture, salt, derivative, mixture, 
or preparation of such mature stalks (except the 
resin extracted therefrom), fiber, oil, or cake, or 
the sterilized seed of such plant which is in-
capable of germination; or 
‘‘(iii) any drug product approved under sec-
tion 505 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cos-
metic Act, or biological product licensed under 
section 351 of the Public Health Service Act. 
‘‘(2) 
CANNABIS-RELATED
LEGITIMATE
BUSI-
NESS.—The term ‘cannabis-related legitimate 
business’ means a manufacturer, producer, or 
any person or company that is a small business 
concern and that— 
‘‘(A) engages in any activity described in sub-
paragraph (B) pursuant to a law established by 
a State or a political subdivision of a State, as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:25 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00009
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\A01AP7.002
H01APPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 8-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4086 
April 1, 2022 
determined by such State or political subdivi-
sion; and 
‘‘(B) participates in any business or organized 
activity that involves handling cannabis or can-
nabis products, including cultivating, pro-
ducing, manufacturing, selling, transporting, 
displaying, dispensing, distributing, or pur-
chasing cannabis or cannabis products. 
‘‘(3) SERVICE
PROVIDER.—The term ‘service 
provider’— 
‘‘(A) means a business, organization, or other 
person that— 
‘‘(i) sells goods or services to a cannabis-re-
lated legitimate business; or 
‘‘(ii) provides any business services, including 
the sale or lease of real or any other property, 
legal or other licensed services, or any other an-
cillary service, relating to cannabis; and 
‘‘(B) does not include a business, organiza-
tion, or other person that participates in any 
business or organized activity that involves han-
dling cannabis or cannabis products, including 
cultivating, producing, manufacturing, selling, 
transporting, displaying, dispensing, distrib-
uting, or purchasing cannabis or cannabis prod-
ucts.’’. 
(b) SMALL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT CENTERS.— 
Section 21(c) of the Small Business Act (15 
U.S.C. 648(c)) is amended by adding at the end 
the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(9) SERVICES FOR CANNABIS-RELATED LEGITI-
MATE
BUSINESSES
AND
SERVICE
PROVIDERS.—A 
small business development center may not de-
cline to provide services to an otherwise eligible 
small business concern under this section solely 
because such concern is a cannabis-related le-
gitimate business or service provider.’’. 
(c) WOMEN’S BUSINESS CENTERS.—Section 29 
of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 656) is 
amended by adding at the end the following 
new subsection: 
‘‘(p) SERVICES FOR CANNABIS-RELATED LEGITI-
MATE BUSINESSES AND SERVICE PROVIDERS.—A 
women’s business center may not decline to pro-
vide services to an otherwise eligible small busi-
ness concern under this section solely because 
such concern is a cannabis-related legitimate 
business or service provider.’’. 
(d) SCORE.—Section 8(b)(1)(B) of the Small 
Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(b)(1)(B)) is amended 
by adding at the end the following new sen-
tence: ‘‘The head of the SCORE program estab-
lished under this subparagraph may not decline 
to provide services to an otherwise eligible small 
business concern solely because such concern is 
a cannabis-related legitimate business or service 
provider.’’. 
(e) VETERAN BUSINESS OUTREACH CENTERS.— 
Section 32 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 
657b) is amended by adding at the end the fol-
lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(h) SERVICES FOR CANNABIS-RELATED LEGITI-
MATE BUSINESSES AND SERVICE PROVIDERS.—A 
Veteran Business Outreach Center may not de-
cline to provide services to an otherwise eligible 
small business concern under this section solely 
because such concern is a cannabis-related le-
gitimate business or service provider.’’. 
(f) SECTION 7(a) LOANS.—Section 7(a) of the 
Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(a)) is amended 
by adding at the end the following new para-
graph: 
‘‘(38) LOANS
TO
CANNABIS-RELATED
LEGITI-
MATE BUSINESSES AND SERVICE PROVIDERS.—The 
Administrator may not decline to provide a 
guarantee for a loan under this subsection, and 
a lender may not decline to make a loan under 
this subsection, to an otherwise eligible small 
business concern solely because such concern is 
a cannabis-related legitimate business or service 
provider.’’. 
(g) DISASTER
LOANS.—Section 7(b) of the 
Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(b)) is amended 
by inserting after paragraph (15) the following 
new paragraph: 
‘‘(16) ASSISTANCE
TO
CANNABIS-RELATED
LE-
GITIMATE BUSINESSES AND SERVICE PROVIDERS.— 
The Administrator may not decline to provide 
assistance under this subsection to an otherwise 
eligible small business concern solely because 
such concern is a cannabis-related legitimate 
business or service provider.’’. 
(h) MICROLOANS.—Section 7(m) of the Small 
Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(m)) is amended by 
adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(14) ASSISTANCE
TO
CANNABIS-RELATED
LE-
GITIMATE BUSINESSES AND SERVICE PROVIDERS.— 
The Administrator may not decline to make a 
loan or a grant under this subsection, and an 
eligible intermediary may not decline to provide 
assistance under this subsection to an otherwise 
eligible borrower, eligible intermediary, or eligi-
ble nonprofit entity (as applicable) solely be-
cause such borrower, intermediary, or nonprofit 
entity is a cannabis-related legitimate business 
or service provider.’’. 
(i) SMALL BUSINESS INVESTMENT COMPANY DE-
BENTURES
TO FINANCE CANNABIS-RELATED LE-
GITIMATE BUSINESSES AND SERVICE PROVIDERS.— 
Part A of title III of the Small Business Invest-
ment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 681 et seq.) is amend-
ed by adding at the end the following new sec-
tion: 
‘‘SEC. 321. DEBENTURES TO FINANCE CANNABIS- 
RELATED LEGITIMATE BUSINESSES 
AND SERVICE PROVIDERS. 
‘‘(a) GUARANTEES.—The Administrator may 
not decline to purchase or guarantee a deben-
ture made under this title to an otherwise eligi-
ble small business investment company solely be-
cause such small business investment company 
provides financing to an entity that is a can-
nabis-related legitimate business or service pro-
vider (as defined in section 7(a)(38) of the Small 
Business Act). 
‘‘(b) OTHER ASSISTANCE.—A small business in-
vestment company may not decline to provide 
assistance under this title to an otherwise eligi-
ble small business concern solely because such 
small business concern is a cannabis-related le-
gitimate business or service provider (as defined 
in section 7(a)(38) of the Small Business Act).’’. 
(j) STATE OR LOCAL DEVELOPMENT COMPANY 
LOANS.—Title V of the Small Business Invest-
ment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 695 et seq.) is amend-
ed by adding at the end the following new sec-
tion: 
‘‘SEC. 511. LOANS TO FINANCE CANNABIS-RE-
LATED 
LEGITIMATE 
BUSINESSES 
AND SERVICE PROVIDERS. 
‘‘(a) LOANS AND LOAN GUARANTEES.—The Ad-
ministrator may not decline to make or provide 
a guarantee for a loan under this title to an 
otherwise eligible qualified State or local devel-
opment company solely because such qualified 
State or local development company provides fi-
nancing to an entity that is a cannabis-related 
legitimate business or service provider (as de-
fined in section 7(a)(38) of the Small Business 
Act). 
‘‘(b) OTHER ASSISTANCE.—A qualified State or 
local development company may not decline to 
provide assistance under this title to an other-
wise eligible small business concern solely be-
cause such small business concern is a cannabis- 
related legitimate business or service provider 
(as defined in section 7(a)(38) of the Small Busi-
ness Act).’’. 
SEC. 8. NO DISCRIMINATION IN THE PROVISION 
OF A FEDERAL PUBLIC BENEFIT ON 
THE BASIS OF CANNABIS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—No person may be denied 
any Federal public benefit (as such term is de-
fined in section 401(c) of the Personal Responsi-
bility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act 
of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1611(c))) on the basis of any 
use or possession of cannabis, or on the basis of 
a conviction or adjudication of juvenile delin-
quency for a cannabis offense, by that person. 
(b) SECURITY CLEARANCES.—Federal agencies 
may not use past or present cannabis or mari-
juana use as criteria for granting, denying, or 
rescinding a security clearance. 
SEC. 9. NO ADVERSE EFFECT FOR PURPOSES OF 
THE IMMIGRATION LAWS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—For purposes of the immi-
gration laws (as such term is defined in section 
101 of the Immigration and Nationality Act), 
cannabis may not be considered a controlled 
substance, and an alien may not be denied any 
benefit or protection under the immigration laws 
based on any event, including conduct, a find-
ing, an admission, addiction or abuse, an arrest, 
a juvenile adjudication, or a conviction, relating 
to the possession or use of cannabis that is no 
longer prohibited pursuant to this Act or an 
amendment made by this Act, regardless of 
whether the event occurred before, on, or after 
the effective date of this Act. 
(b) CANNABIS
DEFINED.—The term ‘‘can-
nabis’’— 
(1) means all parts of the plant Cannabis 
sativa L., whether growing or not; the seeds 
thereof; the resin extracted from any part of 
such plant; and every compound, manufacture, 
salt, derivative, mixture, or preparation of such 
plant, its seeds or resin; and 
(2) does not include— 
(A) hemp, as defined in section 297A of the 
Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946; 
(B) the mature stalks of such plant, fiber pro-
duced from such stalks, oil or cake made from 
the seeds of such plant, any other compound, 
manufacture, salt, derivative, mixture, or prepa-
ration of such mature stalks (except the resin 
extracted therefrom), fiber, oil, or cake, or the 
sterilized seed of such plant which is incapable 
of germination; or 
(C) any drug product approved under section 
505 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic 
Act, or biological product licensed under section 
351 of the Public Health Service Act. 
(c) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS
TO IMMIGRA-
TION AND NATIONALITY ACT.—The Immigration 
and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.) is 
amended— 
(1) in section 212(h), by striking ‘‘and sub-
paragraph (A)(i)(II) of such subsection insofar 
as it relates to a single offense of simple posses-
sion of 30 grams or less of marijuana’’; 
(2) in section 237(a)(2)(B)(i), by striking 
‘‘other than a single offense involving posses-
sion for one’s own use of 30 grams or less of 
marijuana’’; 
(3) in section 101(f)(3), by striking ‘‘(except as 
such paragraph relates to a single offense of 
simple possession of 30 grams or less of mari-
huana)’’; 
(4) in section 244(c)(2)(A)(iii)(II) by striking 
‘‘except for so much of such paragraph as re-
lates to a single offense of simple possession of 
30 grams or less of marijuana’’; 
(5) in section 245(h)(2)(B) by striking ‘‘(except 
for so much of such paragraph as related to a 
single offense of simple possession of 30 grams or 
less of marijuana)’’; 
(6) in section 210(c)(2)(B)(ii)(III) by striking ‘‘, 
except for so much of such paragraph as relates 
to a single offense of simple possession of 30 
grams or less of marihuana’’; and 
(7) in section 245A(d)(2)(B)(ii)(II) by striking 
‘‘, except for so much of such paragraph as re-
lates to a single offense of simple possession of 
30 grams or less of marihuana’’. 
SEC. 10. RESENTENCING AND EXPUNGEMENT. 
(a) EXPUNGEMENT OF NON-VIOLENT FEDERAL 
CANNABIS OFFENSE CONVICTIONS
FOR INDIVID-
UALS
NOT
UNDER
A
CRIMINAL
JUSTICE
SEN-
TENCE.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, each Fed-
eral district shall conduct a comprehensive re-
view and issue an order expunging each convic-
tion or adjudication of juvenile delinquency for 
a non-violent Federal cannabis offense entered 
by each Federal court in the district before the 
date of enactment of this Act and on or after 
May 1, 1971. Each Federal court shall also issue 
an order expunging any arrests associated with 
each expunged conviction or adjudication of ju-
venile delinquency. 
(2) NOTIFICATION.—To the extent practicable, 
each Federal district shall notify each indi-
vidual whose arrest, conviction, or adjudication 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:25 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00010
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\A01AP7.002
H01APPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 9-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4087 
April 1, 2022 
of delinquency has been expunged pursuant to 
this subsection that their arrest, conviction, or 
adjudication of juvenile delinquency has been 
expunged, and the effect of such expungement. 
(3) 
RIGHT
TO
PETITION
COURT
FOR 
EXPUNGEMENT.—At any point after the date of 
enactment of this Act, any individual with a 
prior conviction or adjudication of juvenile de-
linquency for a non-violent Federal cannabis of-
fense, who is not under a criminal justice sen-
tence, may file a motion for expungement. If the 
expungement of such a conviction or adjudica-
tion of juvenile delinquency is required pursu-
ant to this Act, the court shall expunge the con-
viction or adjudication, and any associated ar-
rests. If the individual is indigent, counsel shall 
be appointed to represent the individual in any 
proceedings under this subsection. 
(4) SEALED RECORD.—The court shall seal all 
records related to a conviction or adjudication 
of juvenile delinquency that has been expunged 
under this subsection. Such records may only be 
made available by further order of the court. 
(b) SENTENCING
REVIEW
FOR
INDIVIDUALS 
UNDER A CRIMINAL JUSTICE SENTENCE.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—For any individual who is 
under a criminal justice sentence for a non-vio-
lent Federal cannabis offense, the court that im-
posed the sentence shall, on motion of the indi-
vidual, the Director of the Bureau of Prisons, 
the attorney for the Government, or the court, 
conduct a sentencing review hearing. If the in-
dividual is indigent, counsel shall be appointed 
to represent the individual in any sentencing re-
view proceedings under this subsection. 
(2) POTENTIAL REDUCED RESENTENCING.—After 
a sentencing hearing under paragraph (1), a 
court shall— 
(A) expunge each conviction or adjudication 
of juvenile delinquency for a non-violent Fed-
eral cannabis offense entered by the court before 
the date of enactment of this Act, and any asso-
ciated arrest; 
(B) vacate the existing sentence or disposition 
of juvenile delinquency and, if applicable, im-
pose any remaining sentence or disposition of 
juvenile delinquency on the individual as if this 
Act, and the amendments made by this Act, 
were in effect at the time the offense was com-
mitted; and 
(C) order that all records related to a convic-
tion or adjudication of juvenile delinquency 
that has been expunged or a sentence or disposi-
tion of juvenile delinquency that has been va-
cated under this Act be sealed and only be made 
available by further order of the court. 
(c) EFFECT OF EXPUNGEMENT.—An individual 
who has had an arrest, a conviction, or juvenile 
delinquency adjudication expunged under this 
section— 
(1) may treat the arrest, conviction, or adju-
dication as if it never occurred; and 
(2) shall be immune from any civil or criminal 
penalties related to perjury, false swearing, or 
false statements, for a failure to disclose such 
arrest, conviction, or adjudication. 
(d) EXCEPTION.—An individual who at sen-
tencing received an aggravating role adjustment 
pursuant to United States Sentencing Guideline 
3B1.1(a) in relation to a Federal cannabis of-
fense conviction shall not be eligible for 
expungement of that Federal cannabis offense 
conviction under this section. 
(e) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘Federal cannabis offense’’ 
means an offense that is no longer punishable 
pursuant to this Act or the amendments made 
under this Act. 
(2) The term ‘‘expunge’’ means, with respect 
to an arrest, a conviction, or a juvenile delin-
quency adjudication, the removal of the record 
of such arrest, conviction, or adjudication from 
each official index or public record. 
(3) The term ‘‘under a criminal justice sen-
tence’’ means, with respect to an individual, 
that the individual is serving a term of proba-
tion, parole, supervised release, imprisonment, 
official detention, pre-release custody, or work 
release, pursuant to a sentence or disposition of 
juvenile delinquency imposed on or after the ef-
fective date of the Controlled Substances Act 
(May 1, 1971). 
(f) STUDY.—The Comptroller General of the 
United States, in consultation with the Sec-
retary of Health and Human Services, shall con-
duct a demographic study of individuals con-
victed of a Federal cannabis offense. Such study 
shall include information about the age, race, 
ethnicity, sex, and gender identity of those indi-
viduals, the type of community such users dwell 
in, and such other demographic information as 
the Comptroller General determines should be 
included. 
(g) REPORT.—Not later than 2 years after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Comp-
troller General of the United States shall report 
to Congress the results of the study conducted 
under subsection (f). 
SEC. 11. REFERENCES IN EXISTING LAW TO MARI-
JUANA OR MARIHUANA. 
Wherever, in the statutes of the United States 
or in the rulings, regulations, or interpretations 
of various administrative bureaus and agencies 
of the United States— 
(1) there appears or may appear the term 
‘‘marihuana’’ or ‘‘marijuana’’, that term shall 
be struck and the term ‘‘cannabis’’ shall be in-
serted; and 
(2) there appears or may appear the term 
‘‘Marihuana’’ or ‘‘Marijuana’’, that term shall 
be struck and the term ‘‘Cannabis’’ shall be in-
serted. 
SEC. 12. SEVERABILITY. 
If any provision of this Act or an amendment 
made by this Act, or any application of such 
provision to any person or circumstance, is held 
to be unconstitutional, the remainder of this 
Act, the amendments made by this Act, and the 
application of this Act and the amendments 
made by this Act to any other person or cir-
cumstance shall not be affected. 
SEC. 13. CANNABIS OFFENSE DEFINED. 
For purposes of this Act, the term ‘‘cannabis 
offense’’ means a criminal offense related to 
cannabis— 
(1) that, under Federal law, is no longer pun-
ishable pursuant to this Act or the amendments 
made under this Act; or 
(2) that, under State law, is no longer an of-
fense or that was designated a lesser offense or 
for which the penalty was reduced under State 
law pursuant to or following the adoption of a 
State law authorizing the sale or use of can-
nabis. 
SEC. 14. RULEMAKING. 
Unless otherwise provided in this Act, not 
later than 1 year after the date of enactment of 
this Act, the Department of the Treasury, the 
Department of Justice, and the Small Business 
Administration shall issue or amend any rules, 
standard operating procedures, and other legal 
or policy guidance necessary to carry out imple-
mentation of this Act. After the 1-year period, 
any publicly issued sub-regulatory guidance, in-
cluding 
any 
compliance 
guides, 
manuals, 
advisories and notices, may not be issued with-
out 60-day notice to appropriate congressional 
committees. Notice shall include a description 
and justification for additional guidance. 
SEC. 15. SOCIETAL IMPACT OF MARIJUANA LE-
GALIZATION STUDY. 
The Comptroller General of the United States 
shall, not later than 2 years after the date of en-
actment of this Act, provide to Congress a study 
that addresses the societal impact of the legal-
ization of recreational cannabis by States, in-
cluding— 
(1) sick days reported to employers; 
(2) workers compensations claims; 
(3) tax revenue remitted to States resulting 
from legal marijuana sales; 
(4) changes in government spending related to 
enforcement actions and court proceedings; 
(5) Federal welfare assistance applications; 
(6) rate of arrests related to methamphetamine 
possession; 
(7) hospitalization rates related to meth-
amphetamine and narcotics use; 
(8) uses of marijuana and its byproducts for 
medical purposes; 
(9) uses of marijuana and its byproducts for 
purposes relating to the health, including the 
mental health, of veterans; 
(10) arrest rates of individuals driving under 
the influence or driving while intoxicated by 
marijuana; 
(11) traffic-related deaths and injuries where 
the driver is impaired by marijuana; 
(12) arrest of minors for marijuana-related 
charges; 
(13) violent crime rates; 
(14) school suspensions, expulsions, and law 
enforcement referrals that are marijuana-re-
lated; 
(15) high school dropout rates; 
(16) changes in district-wide and State-wide 
standardized test scores; 
(17) marijuana-related hospital admissions 
and poison control calls; 
(18) marijuana-related juvenile admittances 
into substance rehabilitation facilities and men-
tal health clinics; 
(19) diversion of marijuana into neighboring 
States and drug seizures in neighboring States; 
(20) marijuana plants grown on public lands 
in contravention to Federal and State laws; and 
(21) court filings under a State’s organized 
crime statutes. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill, 
as amended, shall be debatable for 1 
hour equally divided and controlled by 
the chair and ranking minority mem-
ber of the Committee on the Judiciary 
or their respective designees. 
The gentleman from New York (Mr. 
NADLER) and the gentleman from Or-
egon (Mr. BENTZ) each will control 30 
minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New York. 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members 
may have 5 legislative days in which to 
revise and extend their remarks and in-
sert extraneous material on H.R. 3617. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-
tleman from New York? 
There was no objection. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3617, the Mari-
juana Opportunity Reinvestment and 
Expungement Act, or the MORE Act, is 
long-overdue legislation that would re-
verse decades of failed Federal policies 
based on the criminalization of mari-
juana. It would also take steps to ad-
dress the heavy toll these policies have 
taken across the country, particularly 
among communities of color. 
b 0915 
For far too long, we have treated 
marijuana as a criminal justice prob-
lem, instead of as a matter of personal 
choice and public health. Whatever 
one’s views are on the use of marijuana 
for recreational or medicinal use, the 
policy of arrests, prosecution, and in-
carceration at the Federal level has 
proven both unwise and unjust. 
That is why the MORE Act would set 
a new path forward and would begin to 
correct some of the injustices of the 
last 50 years. The bill decriminalizes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:25 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00011
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A01AP7.002
H01APPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 10-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4088 
April 1, 2022 
marijuana at the Federal level by re-
moving it from the Controlled Sub-
stances Act. This change applies retro-
actively to prior and pending convic-
tions. It does not, however, undermine 
the ability of States to apply their 
criminal laws to marijuana or to legal-
ize and regulate it as they see fit. 
The bill also eliminates barriers to 
medical research, allows the VA to rec-
ommend medical marijuana to vet-
erans living with PTSD, and it allows 
financial institutions to service the 
marijuana industry. It provides for 
expungement or resentencing of cer-
tain Federal marijuana arrests and 
convictions and supports expungement 
programs at the State and local levels. 
In addition, the bill authorizes a 
sales tax on marijuana sales and di-
rects those revenues to an Opportunity 
Trust Fund to support communities 
harmed by the war on drugs. It also es-
tablishes a wide range of grant pro-
grams to support equal access to the 
benefits of decriminalization. 
When it comes to our immigration 
laws, the bill prospectively and retro-
actively ensures that marijuana will 
not be considered a controlled sub-
stance, directly mirroring the protec-
tion and relief under the criminal jus-
tice provisions of the bill. This protects 
individuals from the collateral con-
sequences for marijuana activity and 
ensures that immigrants can partici-
pate in their State’s legal cannabis in-
dustry. 
In recent years, 36 States and the 
District of Columbia have legalized 
medical cannabis. Nineteen States and 
the District of Columbia have legalized 
cannabis for adult recreational use. 
If States are the laboratories of de-
mocracy, it is long past time for the 
Federal Government to recognize that 
legalization has been a resounding suc-
cess and that the conflict with Federal 
law has become untenable. 
While I am proud to be the sponsor of 
this legislation, there are many people 
who are responsible for getting us to 
this point today. I want to thank them 
for their efforts. 
This includes Congresswoman BAR-
BARA LEE, the mother of this move-
ment, and Congressman BLUMENAUER, 
whose dogged persistence was critical 
to moving this legislation forward. 
Congressman COHEN has also been a 
long-time champion and an important 
voice in the movement for reform, as 
has Congresswoman JACKSON LEE, who 
helped shepherd this legislation to the 
floor. 
I also want to thank Chairman NEAL, 
who has been a critical partner in 
drafting the revenue provisions in this 
bill and in helping move this legisla-
tion to the floor, as well as Chairman 
MCGOVERN, who structured a good de-
bate on this bill. 
Finally, Speaker PELOSI, Whip CLY-
BURN, and Chairman JEFFRIES have all 
been steadfast in their support of this 
legislation, and I want to particularly 
thank Majority Leader HOYER for ev-
erything he has done to bring this bill 
to the floor. 
Mr. Speaker, criminal penalties for 
marijuana offenses, and the resulting 
collateral consequences, are unjust and 
harmful to our society. The MORE Act 
comprehensively addresses these injus-
tices, and I urge all my colleagues to 
support this legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. BENTZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, there is a war raging in 
Ukraine, killing thousands and thou-
sands of innocent people. 
Gasoline, diesel, and grocery prices 
are through the roof. 
For all practical purposes, we don’t 
have a southern border anymore, so 
hundreds of thousands of immigrants 
continue to flood into the United 
States, and the situation there is about 
to get much worse. 
Rampant inflation is making short 
work of the hard-earned money of all 
Americans, but the main priority for 
the Democrats this week isn’t Ukraine, 
skyrocketing gasoline prices, 8 percent 
inflation, or the border crisis. No. In-
stead, it is marijuana. 
It has been obvious for years that at 
some point, marijuana was going to be 
formally legalized. What is deeply and 
truly disturbing, however, about this 
bill is its failure to address the clear 
consequences of legalization—such as 
what this drug does to children, to 
drivers on our highways, to the mental 
health of up to 30 percent of those 
adults who choose to use marijuana, to 
communities inundated with hundreds, 
if not thousands, of foreign cartel-oper-
ated, unlicensed, and out-of-control 
marijuana growers, and finally, to 
those who actually try to produce can-
nabis, marijuana, legally. 
Let’s take a closer look at Oregon, 
my State, to see what really happens 
when marijuana is legalized without 
careful and necessary thought. 
The picture behind me is a hoop 
house. It is about 100-feet long and 50- 
feet wide. At current retail, it will 
produce about $6 million worth of 
marijuana a year. 
The next picture is a picture of a 
grow consisting of 30 to 40 hoop houses. 
By the way, these are all in my district 
in southern Oregon. And if each of 
these hoop houses is in full production, 
40 hoop houses would generate $240 mil-
lion, at retail, of marijuana each year. 
To put this in perspective, there are 
currently 180 grows like this in Jack-
son County, Oregon, alone, many of 
which are illegal. Hundreds upon hun-
dreds of hoop houses. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-
sent that a video taken from a heli-
copter of approximately 180 grows in 
Jackson County be entered into the 
RECORD. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair can’t entertain that request. 
Mr. BENTZ. Mr. Speaker, I will move 
on. 
These operations are, in large part, 
unlicensed, uncontrolled, unregulated, 
operated on stolen water, ignoring 
building codes, ignoring land use laws, 
ignoring labor laws, and importing 
thousands upon thousands of immi-
grants to work in squalor and in fear. 
Why? Because the Federal Govern-
ment has refused to help the over-
whelmed local law enforcement officers 
meet the huge challenge these cartels 
present. 
In fact, months ago, I directly asked 
Attorney General Garland and again, 
several weeks ago, for his assistance in 
getting the FBI, Homeland Security, 
and the DEA to help us in southern Or-
egon, and I have heard nothing, abso-
lutely nothing, back from him. 
This is why it is essential that any 
bill dealing with legalization include 
significant money for law enforcement. 
We are certainly not getting any help 
from the Attorney General. 
This picture behind me is what the 
living conditions are like for the immi-
grants working for the cartels. 
We are experiencing one of the worst 
droughts in the history of the western 
United States. Water is gold in my dis-
trict. Cartels are stealing water and 
using it to grow marijuana. 
Water regulators in southern Oregon 
have been threatened with death by 
cartel members when they have tried 
to stop water theft. Here is a picture of 
some of the stolen water. 
When the crop is harvested, hoop 
houses are abandoned, the migrant la-
borers disappear, and the mess is left 
for someone else to clean up. Here is 
what that looks like. 
Mr. Speaker, I include in the record 
the Politico article labeled ‘‘. . . Why 
Legal Weed Didn’t Kill Oregon’s Black 
Market,’’ dated January 14, 2022. 
‘‘TALK ABOUT CLUSTERF---’: WHY LEGAL 
WEED DIDN’T KILL OREGON’S BLACK MARKET 
Cave Junction, Ore.—The first unlicensed 
cannabis 
grow 
popped 
up 
near 
Gary 
Longnecker’s remote Southern Oregon home 
seven years ago. Now there are six farms sur-
rounding 
the 
densely-forested 
property. 
‘‘Last night I woke up at 12:30 with gunshots. 
[Then again] this morning, seven o’clock,’’ 
Longnecker said as he and I walked his land 
in November. ‘‘That’s them intimidating all 
of us neighbors to keep out of their face.’’ A 
Vietnam veteran and former firefighter, 
Longnecker retired to the woods of southern 
Oregon almost 30 years ago to get some 
peace and quiet, but that’s not exactly what 
he’s found. Historically a logging commu-
nity, the residents of the Illinois Valley near 
Cave Junction are still drastically out-
numbered by trees—and they prefer it that 
way. In most places, you could yell at the 
top of your lungs from your front door with-
out another soul hearing. Many people in the 
county own a gun, and typically aim them at 
deer or bears—not their neighbors. But since 
the cannabis farmers moved in (none of 
whom appear to be licensed based on state 
records), Longnecker says he’s had bullets 
whiz by his head when working outside, and 
regularly hears gunshots in the middle of the 
night. Trash and toilet paper are littered 
around the thin wire fence that separates his 
forested land from each cannabis farm. As 
Longnecker gave me a tour of his property, 
a few people could be seen moving around on 
the property through the scattered pine 
trees 
and 
partially-deconstructed 
hoop 
houses. Longnecker’s partner called out to 
them in broken Spanish, since she believed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00012
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K01AP7.006
H01APPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 11-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4089 
April 1, 2022 
most of the workers were Hispanic. No one 
answered. A few moments later, shots rang 
out. 
‘‘So 
that’s 
called 
intimidation,’’ 
Longnecker said as we hurried away. It’s a 
word that I heard often when I spoke with 
residents 
about 
their 
marijuana-growing 
neighbors. Over the last two years, there’s 
been such an influx of outlaw farmers that 
southern Oregon now rivals California’s no-
torious Emerald Triangle as a national cen-
ter of illegal weed cultivation. Even though 
marijuana cultivation has been legal in Or-
egon since 2014, Jackson County Sheriff Nate 
Sickler says there could be up to 1,000 illegal 
operations in a region of more than 4,000 
square miles. The Oregon Liquor and Can-
nabis Commission, which oversees the state’s 
$1.2 billion legal cannabis industry, esti-
mates the number of illicit operations is 
double that. Local law enforcement officials 
believe that people from every U.S. state and 
as many as 20 countries have purchased prop-
erty in Jackson or Josephine counties. Car-
tels roll in and offer long-time residents as 
much as a million dollars in cash for their 
property, and hoop houses follow soon after 
the sale is complete. Residents have become 
accustomed to hearing Bulgarian, Chinese, 
Russian and even Hebrew spoken at the gro-
cery store. ‘‘Two weeks ago, we took down a 
Bulgarian operation and in the same week an 
Argentinian 
operation,’’ 
said 
Josephine 
County Sheriff Dave Daniel, adding that 
they’ve also recently dealt with Chinese- and 
Mexican-run oufits. ‘‘A lot of these organiza-
tions, before the legal market came into ef-
fect, would grow in the forest lands—they’d 
be up in the hills,’’ explained Obie Strickler, 
a licensed cannabis grower in Josephine 
County. ‘‘Now they’re . . . right out in the 
open.’’ What is happening in the woods of the 
southern Oregon represents one of the most 
confounding paradoxes of the legalized mari-
juana movement: States with some of the 
largest legal markets are also dealing with 
rampant illegal production—and the problem 
is getting worse. Oklahoma, where licenses 
to cultivate medical marijuana are some of 
the easiest to get in the nation, has con-
ducted more than five dozen raids on illicit 
grows since last April. In California, mean-
while, most of the state continues to pur-
chase cannabis from unlicensed sources— 
straining legal operators already struggling 
with the state’s high taxes and fees. It 
wasn’t supposed to be this way. One of the 
underlying promises for legalizing cannabis 
was that legalization would make the illegal 
drug trade, with all its attendant problems 
of violent crime and money laundering, dis-
appear. But 25 years into the legalization 
movement, as 36 states have adopted some 
form of legalized marijuana, the black mar-
ket is booming across the country. Legal 
states such as Oregon and California—which 
have been supplying the nation for nigh on 60 
years—are still furnishing the majority of 
America’s illegal weed. 
Oregon’s weed is some of the cheapest in 
the nation, and Oregonians predominantly 
purchase weed from licensed dispensaries. 
Economist Beau Whitney estimates that 80– 
85 percent of the state’s demand is met by 
the legal market. But most of the illicit 
weed grown in southern Oregon is leaving 
the state, heading to places where legal weed 
is still not available for purchase ‘such as 
New York or Pennsylvania—or where the 
legal price is still very high, like Chicago 
and Los Angeles. In Illinois, which legalized 
medical marijuana in 2013, only about a third 
of the demand for cannabis is satisfied by 
legal dispensaries, according to Whitney. 
Differences in tax rate and regulations plays 
the major role in differences from state to 
state, Whitney explains. Unlicensed growers 
aren’t paying any fees or taxes, and they can 
afford to keep their prices at least 20 percent 
lower than legal weed—the benchmark Whit-
ney says is the difference in consumers pur-
chasing legal versus illegal products. 
‘‘It all comes down to economics,’’ said 
Whitney. ‘‘If you reduce the price, then 
there’s no, or little, or less, incentive [for 
consumers] to participate in [the] illicit 
market because you’re getting the price that 
you want . . . that’s the tipping point.’’ The 
macro-economics of the marijuana market 
are small consolation to residents of Oregon, 
who say they are caught in a regulatory gap 
between state law, which fully legalized can-
nabis in 2014, and federal law, which still 
considers cannabis to be as illegal as heroin. 
The one exception in federal law is for hemp, 
a low-THC cannabis plant which looks vir-
tually identical to the naked eye. Officials 
say that some of Oregon’s illegal farms are 
masquerading as hemp producers to escape 
federal oversight. There are just more than 
1,000 licensed marijuana and hemp farms in 
Jackson and Josephine counties, but a re-
cent test of the region’s hemp farms found 
that more than half were illegally growing 
marijuana—not the low-THC hemp. ‘‘[They] 
easily danced into the hemp program and got 
administrative protection,’’ said Oregon Liq-
uor and Cannabis Commission Executive Di-
rector Steve Marks. ‘‘They inundated that 
program.’’ On top of that, there could be a 
thousand or more unlicensed grows that 
never bothered with a hemp license. The im-
pact of the booming illegal trade is being felt 
by overburdened law enforcement that can’t 
keep up with the illegal operations that 
seem to sprout with abandon, but it is also 
exhausting the patience of residents who 
were key to making Oregon one of the first 
states to legalize medical marijuana in the 
late 1990s. ‘‘The danger of what’s going on 
and the fear and worry folks in southern Or-
egon are feeling about their safety cannot be 
overstated,’’ Sen. Ron Wyden (D–Ore.), the 
influential chairman of the Finance Com-
mittee, told POLITICO in December. ‘‘And 
it’s all the more reason why federal cannabis 
prohibition is just not working.’’ Nicole 
Rensenbrink, a 62-year-old social worker, 
travels daily along a curving two-lane road 
that weaves between groves of tall trees and 
dozens of farms before finally passing the 
local high school. Along her seven-minute 
commute to work, she passes 14 marijuana 
cultivation or processing sites. She’s not an 
expert, but she can tell that many of them 
are illegal by the lack of proper signs and 
the number of hoop houses that exceed the 
legal limits. But it’s the unforeseen con-
sequences—the damage to the environment, 
not to mention a general fear for her safe-
ty—that most troubles her. ‘‘I and my hus-
band both voted for cannabis legalization. 
I’m liberal, [an] old hippie type. I don’t want 
people to go to jail for smoking pot or deal-
ing a little weed.’’ Rensenbrink said. ‘‘But I 
regret it. At this point, I really regret it. 
People have grown marijuana illegally in 
southern Oregon for at least half a century. 
It was easy to conceal illicit activity in pri-
vate woods and national forests when the 
nearest human could easily be a few miles 
away. But there’s nothing hidden about 
what’s going on now. The Red Mountain Golf 
Course, a 24-acre plot of land just outside 
Grants Pass, the county seat, sold for just 
over half a million dollars in June 2021. 
Three months later, Josephine County Sher-
iffs and Oregon State Troopers raided the 
former golf course and seized more than 4,000 
marijuana plants and arrested two people on 
charges of felony marijuana manufacture. It 
wasn’t an isolated incident. Around the same 
time, law enforcement seized 380 pounds of 
processed marijuana stuffed in a car aban-
doned at the scene of a crash. Cops also 
seized 7,600 marijuana and hemp plants, 5,000 
pounds of processed marijuana and $210,000 in 
cash from two grow operations just outside 
Cave Junction. Two men were arrested and 
held for unlawful manufacture of a mari-
juana item and other charges. While these 
eyepopping figures draw headlines, the raids 
are just a cost of doing business for the car-
tels, according to law enforcement officials. 
Many buy or lease six or seven properties, 
knowing that some might get shut down by 
the police. Like any smart entrepreneurs, 
the cartels budget for those losses. ‘‘They 
know that the resources for law enforcement 
and our ability to combat this issue [are 
such that] they can overwhelm us,’’ Daniel 
said. The proliferation of unlicensed can-
nabis farms is scaring local residents and 
scarring the landscape. Personal wells have 
run dry and rivers have been illegally di-
verted. Piles of trash litter abandoned grow 
sites. Locals report having knives pulled on 
them, and growers showing up on their 
porches with guns to make demands about 
local water use. Multiple women say they’ve 
been followed long distances by strange vehi-
cles. Locals regularly end conversations with 
an ominous warning: ‘‘Be careful.’’ Debbie, 
who retired from the Napa County Sheriff’s 
Department in California, has little faith in 
Josephine County’s law enforcement. Debbie, 
who requested her last name not be used for 
fear of reprisal from the drug dealers, says 
that officers didn’t show up when ten gun 
shots whizzed past her husband’s head while 
he was sitting on the porch, or when the 
neighbor’s pit bulls chased her from the 
mailbox back up to her own home. When 
Debbie reported her neighbors to the sheriff’s 
department, they asked her to photograph 
the license plates of the growers next door, 
but she was spotted taking pictures. 
‘‘[The growers] stalked me and chased me 
all the way down Placer Road,’’ she said. 
The problem has gotten so bad that resi-
dents and local officials have called for the 
Oregon National Guard to be called in. 
Democratic Gov. Kate Brown hasn’t taken 
that step yet, but in December she called a 
special session in which lawmakers approved 
$25 million to address Oregon’s illicit grows. 
$20 million of that funding is designated for 
law enforcement to increase staff and re-
sources, while $5 million is dedicated for 
oversight of water use and water theft. Ear-
lier in the year, the legislature passed a bill, 
sponsored by Republican state Rep. Lily 
Morgan, that increased penalties for growing 
cannabis illegally and gave state regulators 
the authority to investigate hemp growers. 
Jackson County Sheriff Nate Sickler says 
the tougher rules for hemp cultivation and 
the money lawmakers funneled to local en-
forcement efforts are an excellent start. 
‘‘If we’re able to get our positions funded, 
I really think we can make a significant im-
pact [on] illegal marijuana,’’ said Sickler. 
‘‘Are they going to go away? It’s probably 
never going to happen.’’ The illicit market 
isn’t just a law enforcement problem, how-
ever; it’s actually having an effect on the en-
vironmental health of the region. 
Chris Hall has spent months surveilling 
cannabis farms in Josephine County’s Illi-
nois River Valley from the air. The commu-
nity organizer with the Illinois Valley Soil & 
Water Conservation District is compiling a 
map of illicit grows checked against state li-
censing information. 
On a weekday afternoon in November, Hall 
explored the debris-filled Q Bar X Ranch site, 
taking photographs for his records. In Au-
gust, it took about 250 law enforcement offi-
cers—called in from state and federal agen-
cies—to raid the ranch. Officials seized 
200,000 marijuana plants and found more 
than 130 workers at the site, according to the 
Josephine County Sheriff’s department. At 
the main site, a new fence with ‘‘no tres-
passing’’ signs warned off curious visitors. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00013
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A01AP7.004
H01APPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 12-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4090 
April 1, 2022 
Behind that fence were the ruins of a mas-
sive cannabis operation: multiple white hoop 
houses, now in tatters; ramshackle buildings 
where workers likely lived; PVC pipes, tarps, 
buckets, and empty containers of fertilizer 
and pesticides. 
Down the road, the second site was in an 
even greater state of disarray. Huge gashes 
had been cut into the earth, and a crevice 
was filled with bottles of fertilizer and pes-
ticides. The banks of a stream were laden 
with what seemed like the contents of an en-
tire convenience store snack and soda sec-
tion. ‘‘You want to talk about clusterf---, 
here it is,’’ Hall said, shaking his head as he 
saw that the creek bisecting the grow site 
was lined with plastic. ‘‘The [creek] bed is 
the most sensitive natural habitat that we 
have,’’ Hall said. ‘‘To line it with plastic, 
particularly black plastic, is to kill every-
thing underneath it.’’ Hall was hired because 
the soil and water district was inundated 
with complaints from local residents about 
the negative impacts on their water sources. 
The $5 million that Morgan’s bill recently al-
located for water-resource issues is meant to 
address this problem. 
Reclaiming land and waterways after il-
licit growing occurs, though, is an expensive 
and complex undertaking. A U.S. House 
member proposed allocating $25 million in 
last year’s federal budget for shuttering and 
reclaiming grow sites on national forest 
land, though it was removed from the final 
bill. Even if that funding eventually gets ap-
proved, it could only be used to target a 
small sliver of the illicit grows in Josephine 
and Jackson counties, since most are on pri-
vate property. 
‘‘If this was going on [closer to Eugene or 
Portland], you better believe the state of Or-
egon would stomp this out in a hot second,’’ 
Hall said—but added that many of the re-
gion’s residents are famously resistant to 
government intervention, especially from 
the state capitol four hours north. ‘‘You 
know, sometimes you get what you asked 
for. . . . [Southern Oregonians] have been 
telling [the state government] to leave you 
alone, so we’re gonna just leave you alone.’’ 
There are as many suggested solutions to 
southern Oregon’s weed problem as there are 
factors creating it. Some say tweaks to fed-
eral and state hemp regulations—and more 
money for law enforcement—will get the il-
licit grows under control. Others argue that 
only federal decriminalization will solve the 
problem, because it would reduce the market 
for illicit weed. 
Anti-legalization 
advocates, 
meanwhile, 
point to Oregon’s woes as proof that legaliza-
tion doesn’t live up to its promise of elimi-
nating the illicit market. 
‘‘Legalization exacerbates the issue of il-
licit growing operations because it increases 
the demand for the product,’’ Kevin Sabet 
told POLITICO. ‘‘With more users emerging 
throughout the state, more sellers—both 
legal and illegal—begin working to match 
the supply. The state has done little to curb 
demand because it has little incentive to do 
so.’’ 
On the last point, John Hudak of the 
Brookings Institute says that the rampant 
illicit operations in Oregon aren’t likely to 
be replicated in more densely-populated 
states like Connecticut or Rhode Island. ‘‘I 
don’t think there’s a direct connection be-
tween legalization and this situation hap-
pening,’’ said Hudak, an expert on cannabis 
policy who also volunteers as part of the Co-
alition for Cannabis Policy, Education, and 
Regulation—a think tank funded in part by 
Molson Coors and Constellation Brands 
(which owns Corona). Constellation Brands 
has already entered the cannabis beverage 
market. ‘‘There’s sort of geographic aspects 
to why it thrives in certain states,’’ Hudak 
added. ‘‘This is more likely to happen on a 
large scale in larger states with rural spaces 
than it would be in smaller, urban states.’’ 
Instead, Hudak argues that the illicit mar-
ket will continue to thrive in legal states as 
long as cannabis remains federally illegal. It 
isn’t clear when full legalization could hap-
pen, though—if ever. A federal decrimi-
nalization bill proposed in 2021 by Wyden, 
Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer and 
Sen. Cory Booker (D–NJ) has only been seen 
by the general public in draft form, and it 
isn’t clear when it will be formally intro-
duced in Congress. The draft version of that 
decriminalization bill would levy high taxes 
against the cannabis industry, which Whit-
ney, the economist, argues would push prices 
higher and give illicit growers continued 
market access. 
Cautionary tales like Oregon’s won’t move 
the federal needle, either, Hudak cautions. 
The lawmakers who understand the impact 
of the federal-state cannabis policy gap, he 
says, are the ones who already support legal-
ization. Moreover, there have already been 
many other stories about the problems cre-
ated by the policy gap—such as the impact 
siloed markets have on the environment or 
the inability of cannabis farmers and store 
owners to get reliable insurance to cover 
looters or forest fires—and federal policy has 
remained the same. 
The problem, cannabis advocates say, is 
not that legalization has failed. Rather it’s 
that the country hasn’t legalized enough. 
Until many more states—and the federal 
government—decide to legalize cannabis, 
those advocates say, the illicit weed problem 
is going to continue, even in legal states. 
The patchwork of still-illegal states—includ-
ing some of the country’s most populous— 
creates tootempting a market for illicit 
growers. 
‘‘We don’t have a [moonshine] business in 
the 
country 
. . . 
that 
is 
challenging 
Budweiser or Grey Goose,’’ Hudak said. ‘‘Al-
cohol is widespread legal. And until we get 
on that same page with cannabis, this is 
going to be a continuing problem.’’ 
The OLCC’s Marks, though, argues that 
blanket legalization won’t solve all of the 
problems because hemp and marijuana will 
still be regulated separately at the federal 
level—hemp through the Department of Ag-
riculture and marijuana through the FDA or 
the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bu-
reau. 
‘‘Frankly, the federal government has 
plenty of responsibility and accountability 
for the regulation of legal hemp and THC,’’ 
Marks said. ‘‘Making regulators bifurcate 
the plan under an old federal definition of 
marijuana and a newer one of hemp is cre-
ating unaccountability, craziness and a bad 
market.’’ Oregon tweaked its hemp rules this 
year to make THC testing more enforceable. 
Meanwhile, the 2023 farm bill is up for dis-
cussion in Washington, D.C. this year, but 
there has not been much chatter on Capitol 
Hill about making hemp oversight more 
stringent. 
Economist Beau Whitney argues that fo-
cusing on hemp regulations is a misplaced 
solution because many cartels don’t bother 
to hide behind hemp licenses. 
‘‘They’re focusing in on small hemp farm-
ers instead of the real problem, which is 
international cartels,’’ Whitney said. ‘‘Until 
there’s some way in which to have a coordi-
nated enforcement against the illicit cartels, 
this is going to perpetuate.’’ 
While experts and lawmakers in Salem and 
Washington, D.C. go back and forth over the 
solutions, southern Oregonians will continue 
to live with the impact of divergent cannabis 
laws. ‘‘The people in Salem and the people in 
Grants Pass don’t understand that we’re liv-
ing 
under 
this 
intimidation,’’ 
Gary 
Longnecker said, talking about the Oregon 
state capital and his county’s seat of govern-
ment. ‘‘To sit here and be ignored by the 
people who are supposed to represent you, 
not even get a staff member to call you back, 
is so, so frustrating,’’ he said. He’s glad that 
Oregon’s legislature adopted tougher rules 
for hemp growers, but doesn’t think it’s 
nearly enough to solve the problem. ‘‘You 
can’t just keep throwing a little bit of 
money out [here], because . . . it’s like 
whack a mole. Take this one out, and four 
more pop up over here.’’ 
Mr. BENTZ. Mr. Speaker, it is abso-
lutely essential that any bill legalizing 
marijuana include significant funding 
for law enforcement which will be abso-
lutely and predictably necessary to 
control the cartels that will flood into 
the farming areas such as southern Or-
egon. 
Simply setting up a penalty, as this 
bill does, for failing to register will not 
work without the concurrent means of 
enforcement. Do not let the defunding- 
the-police thinking that currently is in 
this bill lead the Nation into the same 
ecological human and social disaster 
we now face in Oregon. 
The bill fails to address impairment. 
It fails to address the ever-increasing 
potency of the drug. It fails to address 
the age at which marijuana could be le-
gally used. 
It fails to address the impact the 
bill’s 5 percent and quickly rising to 8 
percent gross receipts tax, when added 
to the State and local taxes, will have 
in driving the black market sources of 
marijuana. The Federal tax, when 
added in, will make legal marijuana al-
most 30 percent more expensive than 
that which is on the black market. 
The bill fails to correctly clarify the 
differences 
between 
marijuana 
and 
hemp. This is essential if the hemp 
market is to be protected from the 
policies 
and 
regulations 
associated 
with marijuana. 
This bill is the wrong approach. 
We should be addressing the crises 
created by the Biden administration, 
not passing an incomplete, inadequate, 
and damaging to our children and com-
munities stimulus marijuana bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I would 
command the attention of the gen-
tleman to the sections of the bill that 
deal with all the different problems he 
raised. 
I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished 
gentleman 
from 
Tennessee 
(Mr. 
COHEN), a member of the committee. 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the 
chairman for my time. 
I rise in support of the MORE Act 
which would finally reform how we 
deal with marijuana laws and how we 
should. Mr. BENTZ said we should put 
more money into law enforcement. 
That is the opposite of what we should 
do. 
Decriminalizing means cops spend 
less time busting people for marijuana 
possession and more time looking for 
people committing violent crime. That 
is a better use of law enforcement 
time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:25 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00014
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A01AP7.006
H01APPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 13-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4091 
April 1, 2022 
Maurice Hinchey and Sam Farr on 
this side of the aisle knew it when they 
were here. They sponsored bills, as did 
Don Young and Dana Rohrabacher on 
the other side of the aisle, because it 
was a Libertarian freedom issue. 
It is no secret the war on drugs 
failed. Harry Anslinger started it in 
the 1930s, and he vilified Hispanic 
Americans and said this was a way to 
get them. 
Then Richard Nixon even had a com-
mission that said we should decrimi-
nalize marijuana but then decided, be-
cause of Ehrlichman and Haldeman, 
that, no, the Nixon strategy was better 
designed at going after marijuana be-
cause Blacks and hippies who protested 
the war were his opponents, and we 
needed to go after them. 
So they turned it around, they never 
legalized it as the commission said 
they should, and they made the war on 
drugs worse. It then went on and on. 
Marijuana is less dangerous than al-
cohol. People do not smoke marijuana 
and beat up their wives or get angry 
and beat up others or drive their cars 
in wildly dangerous conditions at fast 
speeds and kill others. 
Congress has been out of step on this 
issue. It is called cultural lag. We are 
finally coming around to rescheduling 
it from Schedule I where it is in a class 
with heroin and methamphetamines, 
which is absurd. We should have re-
search. 
We must deschedule marijuana. We 
must decriminalize it at the Federal 
level. Now is the time to do some rem-
edies to our Federal marijuana laws. 
This is an historic time. 
I thank Mr. NADLER, Ms. LEE, and 
the others who have championed this 
bill, Mr. BLUMENAUER, and let’s move 
forward and do the right thing. 
Mr. BENTZ. Mr. Speaker, I just want 
to mention that I have read the bill 
very carefully, and there is nothing in 
the bill allocating money to law en-
forcement. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOOD). 
Mr. GOOD of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman from Oregon for 
yielding. 
Our 
country 
continues 
to 
suffer 
under the many crises created by the 
Biden administration and Democrat 
policies; you know, the border crisis, 
the crime crisis, the inflation crisis, 
the energy crisis. And yet, the priority 
of this Congress now turns to expand-
ing access to addictive, behavior-alter-
ing, recreational drugs at a time when 
our country is also experiencing in-
creased addiction, depression, and sui-
cide. 
What is worse, we want to target 
those individuals and communities who 
are historically most impacted by the 
harm of illegal drugs and provide Fed-
eral funding to help enable criminals 
to open and operate now legal drug 
businesses. 
We have rising violent crime in Dem-
ocrat-run cities across the country. 
More drug use won’t help that. 
We had 100,000 Americans die of 
overdoses last year, the leading cause 
of death in Americans ages 18 to 45. 
More drug use won’t help that. 
Our government, schools, and our 
education systems are failing us. More 
drug use won’t help that. 
But, in fact, this legislation has no 
prohibitions on edible forms of mari-
juana, flavored vape products, or other 
efforts to target, specifically, teens and 
young people. 
Meanwhile, 
we 
have 
surrendered 
operational control of our southern 
border to the Mexican crime cartels, 
and we have got fentanyl and other 
dangerous drugs streaming into our 
country at historic levels because of 
this President’s open border policies. 
Of course, what is his solution? Let’s 
end Title 42 which is predicted to in-
crease the daily crossings from the cur-
rent 7,000 a day to as much as 18,000 a 
day. That is over half a million a 
month. 
How might this impact the illegal 
drug trade across our country? Law en-
forcement tells me that legalizing 
marijuana will force the criminal ele-
ment to redouble their efforts into 
hard, more dangerous drugs to replace 
the profit that has been lost from mari-
juana. 
You can also look at the States that 
have already legalized it, and you can 
see the increased addiction, depend-
ency, and homelessness that this has 
cost. We should be ashamed of our-
selves for this legislation, and I oppose 
this bill. 
b 0930 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from New 
York (Mr. JEFFRIES), the distinguished 
chairman of the Democratic Caucus. 
Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the distinguished chairman for yield-
ing and for his tremendous leadership, 
as well as all of my colleagues who 
have worked on the MORE Act. 
Richard Nixon began the failed war 
on drugs a little over 50 years ago, in 
1971. At the time, there were less than 
300,000 Americans incarcerated in this 
country. Today, there are 2.3 million, 
disproportionately Black and Latino. 
Many of those individuals who have 
been incarcerated are there because of 
nonviolent drug offenses, often mari-
juana possession and use. 
The United States of America incar-
cerates more people than any other 
country in the world, including per 
capita China and Russia combined. 
That is a stain on our democracy. 
We have an overcriminalization prob-
lem in America. We have a mass incar-
ceration problem in America. We have 
a prison industrial complex in Amer-
ica. It doesn’t advance public safety, 
and it hurts economic development. It 
has ruined individuals, ruined lives, ru-
ined families, and ruined communities, 
particularly in communities of color. 
It is time to end the Federal cannabis 
prohibition. It is time to deschedule it. 
It is time to decriminalize marijuana. 
It is time to invest in communities in 
a way that makes sense, both from a 
public safety standpoint as well as a 
fairness, equity, and justice stand-
point. It is time to pass the MORE Act. 
Mr. BENTZ. Mr. Speaker, I just want 
to mention that there is about $400 
million that would have been raised 
last year under this bill had this tax 
been in place, and none of that money 
goes to public safety. It goes to rebuild 
community space but not public safety. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER). 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, how is it that we here in Congress, 
in the face of all the domestic and 
international crises that we are facing 
right now, that we are here talking 
about 
decriminalizing 
and 
descheduling marijuana? 
Now, we are all going to go home this 
weekend, and what are our constitu-
ents going to be talking about? They 
are going to be talking about the price 
of gas. They are going to be talking 
about the price of food. They are going 
to be talking about the price that they 
have to pay to heat their homes. 
They are going to turn on the TV. 
What are they going to see? They are 
going to see in real time Ukrainians 
being bombed by Russia, fleeing for 
their lives. 
And what are we doing here in Con-
gress? Talking about marijuana? You 
have got to be kidding me. 
Mr. Speaker, as you know, I am a 
pharmacist. I know addiction. I know 
and I have studied addiction. I can tell 
you, marijuana is nothing more than a 
gateway drug. It leads to other harder 
drugs. Don’t try to justify this by say-
ing, Oh, alcohol is a drug and it is le-
galized. That is not what we do. That 
makes no sense whatsoever. 
Mr. Speaker, we had a hearing in the 
Energy and Commerce Committee. We 
had 10 parents before us whose children 
had died due to opioid addiction. Not 8 
out of 10, not 9 out of 10, but 10 out of 
10 of those parents said they smoked 
marijuana to begin with; 10 out of 10. It 
is a gateway drug that leads to harder 
drugs. 
This is not a Republican-Democrat 
situation here. This is an American 
problem. You know that we had 100,000 
Americans die of overdose last year. 
Mr. Speaker this is misguided. This 
is wrong. This is not what we should be 
discussing. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the distinguished gen-
tleman 
from 
Rhode 
Island 
(Mr. 
CICILLINE), a member of the Judiciary 
Committee. 
Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of the MORE Act, leg-
islation that takes an important step 
in rectifying some of the harm caused 
by the failed war on drugs. 
The enforcement of marijuana laws 
has been a major driver of mass incar-
ceration in the United States. Hun-
dreds of thousands of people are ar-
rested each year for marijuana-related 
charges, very often just possession. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:25 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00015
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K01AP7.008
H01APPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 14-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4092 
April 1, 2022 
This has, in turn, led to our Federal 
prison system operating at 103 percent 
of capacity, and too many of these of-
fenders are serving time for nonviolent 
drug-related crimes. 
A drug-related conviction, even for 
possession, can be devastating for the 
rest of a person’s life, making it dif-
ficult or even impossible to vote, get a 
job, be approved for a loan, or even 
qualify for a government program. As 
we know, these consequences have had 
massively disproportionate impact on 
communities of color, as Chairman 
JEFFRIES just mentioned. 
This current system, frankly, doesn’t 
work. It doesn’t make any sense—not 
for community safety, not for the func-
tioning of an effective prison system, 
and not for successful rehabilitation. 
By removing marijuana from the 
Federal controlled substances list, al-
lowing for the expungement of mari-
juana offenses, and providing support 
to communities most impacted by the 
failed war on drugs, the MORE Act is a 
long overdue step in restoring justice 
and reversing the harms caused by the 
war on drugs. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chair-
man NADLER
for his extraordinary 
leadership on this issue. I am proud to 
be a cosponsor of this legislation and 
to support it here today. I urge my col-
leagues to join me in voting ‘‘yes’’ in 
reversing the gross injustice that the 
war on drugs has produced and bring 
sensible policy back into place. 
I again want to end by thanking ev-
eryone who has worked on this for so 
many years, but particularly our chair-
man for his passionate and strong lead-
ership. 
Mr. BENTZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 
minutes to the gentleman from Ari-
zona (Mr. BIGGS). 
Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, it is great 
to be here. I got a kick out of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee showing his 
age. He is talking about pot when it 
was 2 percent THC. He is thinking pot 
is still this drug where people get goofy 
and they eat Cheetos and nacho cheese 
Doritos. 
He is not talking about the 99 per-
cent THC pot that is being sold in some 
of these States where they have legal-
ized recreational pot. I think that is 
really fun and anachronistic; very good 
to go back and think about how things 
were in the late 1960s, early 1970s. 
Let’s talk about a Mother Jones arti-
cle that I have before me where they 
are analyzing the use of pot, and they 
are talking about, hey, look, this is 
what happens, you start seeing para-
noia and psychosis come in. They are 
referring to New Zealand studies, long- 
term longitudinal studies about the 
dangers of pot. 
That is interesting. We are not going 
to even talk about that because we 
don’t have time to talk about that be-
cause 
we 
are 
focusing 
here 
on 
descheduling marijuana. What that 
does is that incentivizes marijuana use 
and distribution. 
But this bill is also reckless in its ap-
proach. It provides no limits on or re-
quirements to clearly identify the po-
tency of marijuana or its extracts or 
concentrates. In 1995, for instance, the 
THC concentration was about 4 percent 
on average. Today, it goes between 20 
and 99 percent. 
It also doesn’t deal with what the 
Surgeon General says needs to be the 
case, that the minimum age limit 
should be age 25. This doesn’t get into 
any age limit. It doesn’t cover that, 
yet that is what the Surgeon General 
says. 
In fact, the Surgeon General’s advi-
sory says the human brain continues to 
develop from birth into the mid 20s, 
vulnerable to the effects of addictive 
substances, I don’t know, like mari-
juana. In fact, it goes on to say fre-
quent marijuana use during adoles-
cence is associated with changes in the 
areas of the brain involving attention, 
memory, decision-making, and motiva-
tion. 
Adolescent marijuana use is associ-
ated with declines in IQ, school per-
formance and attendance, and life sat-
isfaction, increased rates of suicide at-
tempts. 
You know what this bill does? It is a 
lot of fun, folks. What it does is, it says 
you can distribute this, under Federal 
law anyway, you can distribute this to 
an 11-year-old kid. The 11-year-old kid 
is going to have marijuana, be able to 
use it. You can’t do anything to them 
here for that, that is for sure. 
What it does do is it creates a tax 
crime. It creates a tax crime. You get 
rid of your marijuana crime, it creates 
some tax crimes. We all know how 
great the Tax Code is for ease of use 
and understanding. 
Section 3 of the bill removes mari-
juana from the schedule of the Con-
trolled Substances Act. It would no 
longer be a Federal crime to possess or 
sell marijuana, including to 11 year 
olds. Section 5, however, puts it into 
the Tax Code. 
I think there is another fun aspect 
here. It talks about 600,000 arrests an-
nually yet, the reality is that is for 
State and local crimes. In fact, there 
were 1,100 marijuana convictions in 
2020 under Federal law. You know what 
those convictions were? Those were for 
transport and distribution. Now you 
are not going to be able to get to any-
body for that. 
Let’s talk about how well this has 
worked in the L.A. Times pieces that 
talk about this. The L.A. Times does a 
massive expose´. What do they find out? 
They say Prop 64 was going to solve all 
these problems, solve the problems. In-
stead what you have are thousands of 
illegal grow dispensaries. Why? Be-
cause they have a Byzantine code like 
what these guys are setting up here 
today. So you have a crisis in L.A. 
County, San Bernardino County and 
also in Riverside County. 
Those grow farms use forced labor, as 
Mr. BENTZ so eloquently talked about, 
the Oregon grow farms. These are being 
run in southern California by the car-
tels, who originate in Mexico, Ukraine, 
Russia, Bulgaria, and China. Yeah, that 
is what you are going to do, you are 
going to Federalize this. Well done. 
This is a piece of garbage. I oppose this 
legislation. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the distinguished gentle-
woman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE), 
a member of the Judiciary Committee. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the lead sponsor, Chairman NAD-
LER, for problem solving, along with 
Mr. BLUMENAUER, Mr. COHEN, Congress-
woman LEE, and all of those who galva-
nized all of us. I was pleased to be able 
to lead this through the Crime, Ter-
rorism, and Homeland Security Sub-
committee. 
The war on drugs simply failed, and I 
am glad that one interpretation that 
has just been evidenced by my good 
friend on the other side of the aisle will 
have little weight and little basis be-
cause what we are doing here is solving 
a problem. 
Let me just indicate from the Health 
Affairs Culture of Health, a Black per-
son is still nearly four times more like-
ly to be arrested for cannabis posses-
sion than a White person. 
To summarize this bill, it deals with 
Federal 
decriminalization, 
taxation, 
and expungement. It does not stop the 
DA, the Department of Justice, the 
FBI or anyone else from doing their 
job. The bill would remove cannabis 
from the list or schedule of federally 
controlled substances. 
This means that, going forward, indi-
viduals can no longer be prosecuted 
federally for marijuana offenses. This 
does not mean that marijuana would 
now be legal throughout the United 
States. The bill would simply remove 
the Federal Government from the busi-
ness of prosecuting marijuana cases, 
which would leave the question of le-
gality to individual States. Forty- 
seven States already have some form of 
legal use of marijuana. 
Let me share, my friends, the points 
that they are going to make. The bill 
was designed to help individuals who 
have been caught up in the criminal 
justice system for possessing more 
small amounts of marijuana for per-
sonal use. It was not designed to help 
drug traffickers. 
By the way, the President has given 
over a billion dollars to Ukraine as one 
of the steadfast leaders and has galva-
nized NATO and our allies, and not one 
of us needs to challenge the President 
or any one of us in our fight to help 
Ukraine. 
Let me make it very clear about 
crime. Read the President’s budget. He 
has a massive piece in there to reduce 
crime. It is everywhere, including rural 
America, where Republicans say they 
are, but I don’t look at it that way. It 
is Americans, we stand together. This 
bill is about America. 
The expungement provisions are lim-
ited to nonviolent marijuana posses-
sion convictions that have loaded up 
our Federal prisons. If an individual 
has other criminal convictions in addi-
tion to a covered nonviolent offense, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:25 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00016
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K01AP7.009
H01APPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 15-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4093 
April 1, 2022 
marijuana offense, the bill already in-
cludes a stated exemption for drug 
kingpins, meaning anyone who re-
ceived an increased sentence for being 
a leader or organizer of drug traf-
ficking 
will 
not 
qualify 
for 
expungement. 
Once this bill is passed, it would en-
able individuals to possess and use 
marijuana for personal use. Marijuana 
will be regulated as a commodity, but 
let me tell you what else will happen. 
We will be able to research, the sci-
entists will be able to study what is 
happening to our young people, our ju-
veniles if that is the case. We have a 
definitive position in there about help-
ing those who may become addicted. 
We do not overlook those who might as 
well be using it, so let us go forward 
with this bill. I ask support for the bill. 
This bill was designed to help individuals 
who have been caught up in the criminal jus-
tice system for possessing small amounts of 
marijuana for personal use. It was not de-
signed to help drug traffickers. 
The expungement provisions are limited to 
nonviolent marijuana possession convictions 
only. If an individual has other criminal convic-
tions in addition to a covered nonviolent mari-
juana offense, those other convictions will not 
be expunged. The bill already includes a stat-
ed exemption for ‘‘drug kingpins,’’ meaning 
anyone who received an increased sentence 
for being a leader or organizer of drug traf-
ficking will not qualify for an expungement. 
Once passed, this bill would enable individ-
uals to possess and use marijuana for a per-
sonal use. Marijuana will be a regulated com-
modity like alcohol and the transportation, dis-
tribution, or selling of marijuana without com-
plying with federal regulations will continue to 
be illegal. For example, an individual will not 
be able to transport marijuana across the bor-
der without complying with import regulations 
and appropriate tax requirements. 
The bill already includes a requirement that 
a study be conducted to understand the soci-
etal impacts of decriminalizing marijuana, in-
cluding the impact on juveniles, education, 
transportation, veterans, employment, and 
many others. 
Because marijuana will now be considered 
a commodity or good to be sold and pur-
chased, like alcohol and even cigarettes, the 
MORE Act preserves the FDA’s ability to issue 
regulations to address the regulation, safety, 
manufacturing, product quality, marketing, la-
beling, and sale of products containing can-
nabis or cannabis derived compounds. 
Cannabis will be regulated along the same 
lines as alcohol and cigarettes, which have 
age requirements for consumption, sale, and 
purchase. 
Regulation of cannabis protects children and 
minors because the black market and street 
dealers are not required to ask for the age or 
ID of their customers, unlike permitted and 
regulated sellers. 
Driving while impaired is illegal in the United 
States. The MORE Act does not change this 
fact. 
Impaired driving occurs when someone op-
erates a vehicle while impaired by a sub-
stance like marijuana, or any other drug, in-
cluding prescribed and over-the-counter medi-
cines, or alcohol. Law enforcement officers are 
trained to detect impairment of drivers by sub-
stances other than alcohol through field sobri-
ety tests. 
Many states have supported the establish-
ment of Drug Recognition and Classification 
programs within their State and local police, 
and the training of special Drug Recognition 
Experts, which are law enforcement officers 
trained to identify drug-impaired driving using 
a 12-step, standardized evaluation that in-
cludes behavioral tests and physical assess-
ments to determine impairment among seven 
categories of drug classification. 
Mr. BENTZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 21⁄2 
minutes to the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi (Mr. PALAZZO). 
b 0945 
Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman for yielding. 
Our country is facing a national se-
curity crisis, an energy crisis, a border 
crisis, and an economic crisis, but here 
we are, voting on cannabis legislation. 
How is this helping our constituents 
who are paying sky-high prices at the 
gas pump? How does this strengthen 
our military and help secure America? 
How does this address Biden’s record- 
breaking surge of illegal immigrants at 
our southern border? How does this 
help us to leave a stronger, safer, more 
secure America for our children and 
our children’s children? 
Simple answer: It doesn’t. 
We are here today to vote to get 
America high. 
In States with legalized marijuana, 
there 
are 
more 
marijuana-related 
emergency room visits and hospitaliza-
tions than any other category. 
Patients in a study using marijuana 
to treat pain, anxiety, and depression 
failed to report improved symptoms, 
and the continued use of marijuana 
brought risk of addiction known as 
cannabis abuse disorder. 
The 
National 
Institute 
on 
Drug 
Abuse found that about 30 percent of 
marijuana users have some form of use 
disorder. In Colorado, the Speaker’s 
home State and the leading State for 
legalizing marijuana, there was a 25 
percent increase in CUD among 12- to 
17-year-olds. 
These are our children. Allowing 
children, who don’t know how to ra-
tionalize long-term effects of drugs, to 
use a gateway drug for recreational or 
medicinal purposes is reckless, neg-
ligent, careless, and irresponsible. 
The MORE Act does not responsibly 
end Federal prohibition of cannabis. 
The MORE Act does not end the war on 
drugs. All it does is poison our children 
and weaken our society. 
This flawed legislation is not time 
sensitive, does not require consider-
ation this week, and should not take 
priority over the various serious issues 
our country currently faces. 
I urge my colleagues to vote against 
this bill and put our children first, not 
the dope dealers. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the distinguished gen-
tleman from California (Mr. CORREA). 
Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
strong support of the MORE Act. 
This legislation is a very simple but 
very important piece of legislation. It 
does three basic things. 
Number one, it legalizes cannabis by 
removing it from the Controlled Sub-
stance Act. Number two, it establishes 
a process to expunge cannabis-related 
convictions. Number three, it taxes 
cannabis. 
Mr. Speaker, it is time. 
Thirty-seven States in our Nation 
have already legalized cannabis. Even 
Canada has legalized cannabis, and 
other nations around the world are le-
galizing cannabis. Even the Israelis are 
selling cannabis-related medicine. 
It is time, Mr. Speaker. 
But this is just the start. Cannabis 
farmers can’t enroll in crop insurance. 
They can’t receive the official organic 
designation. They can’t access USDA 
programs. 
Mr. Speaker, it is well beyond time. 
Please vote for this legislation. Vote 
for common sense. Let’s vote for the 
MORE Act. 
Mr. BENTZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
In response to this bill helping farm-
ers, I just want to say it does not. What 
it does is it puts a tax on top of their 
product. When added to the Oregon tax, 
it would be almost 30 percent. That 
does not encourage farmers to raise the 
crop 
because 
they 
can’t 
compete 
against the black market. There has to 
be far more thought given to what will 
be an 8 percent additional cost. 
By the way, it is a gross receipts tax. 
It is on top of the gross receipts, not 
that net profit that you are supposed 
to get. 
Secondly, the bill, as written, fails to 
distinguish between hemp and mari-
juana. This must be done if the folks in 
each space are going to grow properly. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Mary-
land (Mr. HOYER), the distinguished 
majority leader of the House. 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, Chairman 
NADLER, ranking members, this is an 
important piece of legislation. How do 
I know that? Because the people have 
told us that. 
Every time they have had the oppor-
tunity to vote in America, they have 
voted to do this. They know that fill-
ing our prisons and creating criminal 
records for people who use marijuana— 
and knowing full well that if they are 
people of color, the possibilities of ad-
verse consequences are geometrically 
greater. 
I tell my colleagues, I am tired of 
hearing this argument that, ‘‘Oh, my 
goodness, we are doing this. We ought 
to be doing something else.’’ 
We are all working on issues of great 
concern not only to us but to the glob-
al community: on the war in Ukraine; 
on the criminal activities that Putin is 
subjecting us to; on inflation, a critical 
problem for all of our people. We are 
working on that. We are having trouble 
getting some legislation in the Senate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:25 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00017
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K01AP7.011
H01APPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 16-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4094 
April 1, 2022 
that will bring down inflation and 
bring down costs for the American peo-
ple—not on our side of the aisle. 
So, when I hear this argument, ‘‘Oh, 
we ought to be doing this. We ought to 
be doing that. We ought to be doing the 
other,’’ this is an important, fair piece 
of legislation, fair for the American 
people. 
I thank Chairman NADLER. I thank 
the Judiciary Committee. I thank 
Members on my side of the aisle. I 
thank BARBARA LEE, who is walking 
down the aisle right now, who has 
worked so hard on this. 
Why did she work so hard on it? Be-
cause she knows the extraordinary un-
fairness of the application of existing 
laws. You don’t have to argue that. 
Just look at the statistics, and you 
find that to be the case. 
Chairman NADLER has long been a 
champion of decriminalizing marijuana 
and addressing the systemic injustices 
and inequities resulting from the war 
on drugs. I was a supporter of the war 
on drugs. I have been here a long time. 
The gentleman who spoke about this 
as a gateway drug, it is not a gateway 
drug. I have been convinced of that. 
Marijuana has been legalized in 19 
States. That is 40 percent of our 
States, save one, and the District of 
Columbia. Medical marijuana is legal 
in 36 States. This is not out of the ordi-
nary. This is what the American people 
tell us they think is the appropriate 
thing to do. 
Now, for some in this House, those 
who are treated with inequality, par-
ticularly in this area, you are on your 
own. Make it out for yourself. We are 
not going to address it because we have 
other issues. 
Of course, we have other issues, and 
we pass bills on those—unfortunately, 
not with much support from the other 
side of the aisle. 
Despite the changes in State laws 
and social norms around the usage of 
marijuana, its use remains illegal 
under Federal law. The gentleman who 
is presiding over the House today 
comes from a State that has said that 
is not good policy. Now, that is not 
some wacko coastal State. It is Colo-
rado. 
Despite changes in State laws and so-
cial norms, as I have said, its use re-
mains illegal under Federal law, often 
resulting in devastating consequences. 
Hear me, my colleagues: devastating 
consequences for Black, Latino, and 
Native communities. 
Now, I am not any of those. I would 
tell you, when I was in college in the 
1800s, it was alcohol. We were not the 
generation of drugs; it was alcohol. It 
devastated the lives of literally hun-
dreds of thousands of young people. 
But nobody cried out to make it ille-
gal. They tried that, of course, in the 
twenties. 
According to the Center for Amer-
ican Progress, Black Americans are 
four times more likely than White 
Americans to be arrested for marijuana 
possession, even though they use it at 
similar rates. 
The gentleman who spoke asked why 
we are dealing with this. For the same 
reason our Founders said that we be-
lieve in equality, that all men—and 
they surely would add women today— 
are created equal and ought to be 
treated fairly and equally. Four times 
more convictions and prosecutions for 
people of color—that is why we are 
dealing with this, because it is unfair 
in America. 
Those criminal records can haunt 
people of color and impact the trajec-
tory of their lives and careers indefi-
nitely. I regret that there are some 
Members of our Congress who appar-
ently think that is not worthy of at-
tention. 
It can result in difficulty in finding 
employment, difficulty in finding hous-
ing, denial of access to government 
benefits, denial of financial aid at col-
leges and universities, and denial of the 
right to vote. That is why we are deal-
ing with this, because the adverse con-
sequences to people are substantial and 
negative, and negative not only for 
them but for our country. 
The legislation before us would re-
move marijuana from the list of sched-
uled substances under the Controlled 
Substances Act, allowing our police de-
partments—which we want to fund, by 
the way, so get off that line that we 
want to defund the police—allow our 
police departments to focus on serious 
crimes. The legislation before us would 
remove marijuana from that list. 
The bill already, by the way, includes 
a requirement that a study will be con-
ducted to understand the societal im-
pacts of decriminalizing marijuana, in-
cluding the impact on juveniles, edu-
cation, transportation, veterans, em-
ployment, and many others. 
This bill also expunges the records of 
individuals convicted of nonviolent— 
let me repeat that—nonviolent can-
nabis offenses and provides resources 
for job training, reentry services, and 
youth recreation and mentoring pro-
grams. 
Now, if you take the position that all 
of these people are on their own and 
want no help from us or get no help 
from us, then perhaps you don’t care. 
This bill also addresses the dispropor-
tionate economic impact of the war on 
drugs by providing access to small- 
business grants, opening up the legal 
marketplace to communities that have 
been largely excluded. 
This bill is a matter of justice and 
equal opportunity. It is about address-
ing systemic inequities and reforming 
our criminal justice system so that 
Americans and America can become a 
better, stronger, more fair, and more 
just America. 
That is why we are spending time on 
this bill today. 
I thank my friend one more time, 
Chairman NADLER, for his leadership 
on this bill. I also thank Mr. NEAL for 
helping us get this bill to the floor. I 
also thank BARBARA
LEE, my dear 
friend. 
BARBARA LEE and I have been work-
ing for some years now on how to lift 
people out of poverty into the middle 
class. We talk a lot about the middle 
class, and the way you grow the middle 
class is to let people who aren’t in it in 
it so they can contribute to making a 
better, stronger America. 
b 1000 
This bill will help that because it will 
take the stigma away from four times 
as many people of color being stig-
matized by our laws. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on 
both sides of the aisle, support this 
bill. The people of Mississippi sup-
ported this bill when they went to the 
polls and voted—not on this bill, that 
is not accurate—but on the decrimi-
nalization of marijuana, because they 
knew that it was neither necessary to 
be criminalized, and they knew the ad-
verse impacts. 
I don’t ask you to support something 
the people of California did or the peo-
ple of New York, or even Maryland, but 
think about supporting the people of 
Mississippi, who voted on a policy that 
would make a fair and more just Amer-
ica. 
Mr. BENTZ. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
mention that it was noted that we 
never asked the people if they would 
support legalization of marijuana. That 
is not correct. North Dakota Measure 3 
failed. Missouri Proposition C to legal-
ize marijuana failed. Ohio Issue 3 
failed. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the 
gentleman from Ohio (Mr. LATTA). 
Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to offer a 
motion to recommit on behalf of mem-
bers of our communities who have 
tragically lost their lives to substance 
use disorder, SUD. 
Prior to the COVID–19 public health 
emergency, our country faced a dif-
ferent kind of enemy that knew no 
bounds. This Chamber was once united 
in the battle against addiction. And I 
was proud of the legislative work we 
did to address this crisis most recently 
through the SUPPORT Act. Unfortu-
nately, all the progress we made 
seemed to evaporate with the onset of 
the 
pandemic 
and 
the 
resulting 
lockdowns, mandates, social isolation, 
and fear of an invisible enemy. 
Recently, the Centers for Disease 
Control 
and 
Prevention 
announced 
that 105,752 Americans died from drug 
overdoses from October 2020 to October 
2021. 
Let me repeat that: 105,752 Ameri-
cans died from drug overdoses in one 
year’s time. 
Many of these deaths can be directly 
attributed to fentanyl, which is now 
the leading cause of death in Ameri-
cans aged 18 to 45. Down at our south-
ern border, Customs and Border Pro-
tection 
are 
confiscating 
record 
amounts of fentanyl coming across the 
Mexican border. 
The CBP seized over 11,201 pounds of 
fentanyl from October 2020 to Sep-
tember 2021, which is a 41 percent in-
crease from the year before. That is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:25 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00018
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K01AP7.013
H01APPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 17-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4095 
April 1, 2022 
enough fentanyl to kill 2.5 billion peo-
ple, or the entire U.S. population, 
seven times over. 
To address this crisis, I introduced 
the HALT Fentanyl Act with my 
friend, the gentleman from the Ninth 
District of Virginia. This legislation 
will permanently schedule fentanyl-re-
lated substances as schedule I and en-
able researchers to continue to study 
schedule I substances for possible med-
ical benefits. We must do everything 
we can to save lives, and I implore my 
colleagues to support this legislation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. BENTZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield an 
additional 30 seconds to the gentleman 
from Ohio. 
Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, if we adopt 
the motion to recommit, I will instruct 
the Committee on the Judiciary to 
consider my amendment to H.R. 3617, 
to permanently place fentanyl-related 
substances in schedule I of the Con-
trolled Substances Act. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-
sent to insert the text of the amend-
ment in the RECORD immediately prior 
to the vote on the motion to recommit. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-
tleman from Ohio? 
There was no objection. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the distinguished gentle-
woman 
from 
New 
York 
(Ms. 
VELA´ ZQUEZ). 
Ms. VELA´ ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
in support of this legislation because it 
is long overdue for our Federal laws to 
catch up with the legal reality in al-
most every State in the Union, and be-
cause Federal reform must place re-
storative justice as the top priority. 
I thank Speaker PELOSI, Chairman 
NADLER, and my fellow chairs for once 
again bringing this legislation to the 
House floor. 
Mr. Speaker, voters in States like 
New York have led the way in changing 
their cannabis laws, emphasizing re-
storative 
justice 
for 
our 
most 
marginalized communities. This bill 
takes a meaningful approach to undo 
the wrongs of the failed war on drugs 
by removing cannabis as a schedule I 
drug and encouraging States to ex-
punge low-level possession records. 
Importantly, the MORE Act also 
helps entrepreneurs access affordable 
capital to start a legitimate business, 
which too often is a barrier to entre-
preneurship for people of color regard-
less of industry. 
As chair of the Committee on Small 
Business, I am proud the MORE Act in-
cludes measures my colleagues and I 
championed to ensure SBA programs, 
like the flagship 7(a) Loan Program, 
the disaster loan program, and Small 
Business 
Development 
Center 
re-
sources, are available to legitimate 
cannabis businesses. The MORE Act is 
the best proposal to ensure commu-
nities disproportionately impacted by 
the prohibition of cannabis are best po-
sitioned to profit from its legalization. 
Mr. Speaker, for that reason, I urge 
my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ 
Mr. BENTZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 
minutes to the gentleman from Ohio 
(Mr. JORDAN). 
Mr. JORDAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman for yielding. 
Record 
crime, 
record 
inflation, 
record gas prices, record number of il-
legal immigrants crossing our southern 
border. 
And 
what 
are 
Democrats 
doing 
today? 
Legalizing 
drugs; 
legalizing 
drugs and using American tax dollars 
to kick-start and prop up the mari-
juana industry. Wow. Such a deal for 
the American people. Every major 
urban area has increased crime, and 
Democrats are legalizing drugs and 
propping up the marijuana industry. 
Mr. Speaker, 40-year high inflation. 
It hasn’t been this high since 1982. We 
have some Members not even born 
then. Record inflation, and Democrats 
are focusing on legalizing drugs and 
kick-starting the marijuana industry. 
Record gas prices, $6 gas in Cali-
fornia; $4 gas everywhere else, and 
Democrats are legalizing drugs and 
helping the marijuana industry. 
And, of course, 2 million illegal im-
migrants crossed our southern border 
in the last 14 months, and Democrats 
are legalizing drugs and helping the 
cannabis industry. 
Oh, and by the way, we could be fo-
cused on this issue: We have a Justice 
Department that is treating parents as 
domestic terrorists, spying on moms 
and dads who simply show up at school 
board meetings. We know that is going 
on, putting a threat tag label on par-
ents, this designation, this label, on 
moms and dads simply standing up for 
their kids. And Democrats are focused 
on legalizing drugs and helping the 
cannabis industry. 
The Democrat majority leader said, 
Why are we dealing with this today? 
You know why they are dealing with 
this today? Because they can’t deal 
with the real problems facing the 
American people. The left won’t let 
them. You think the left is going to let 
them do what needs to be done to bring 
down gas prices? 
We sat in a hearing a few months 
ago. One of our Democrat colleagues in 
that hearing—we had the CEO of the 
oil and gas company—he went down 
the line and said, Will you pledge today 
to decrease production? They want less 
oil and gas. Literally, he went down 
the list. I said, What do you want, $8 
gas? And the truth is, they do. 
The left will not let the Democrats 
do what needs to be done to the help 
the inflation problem, the energy prob-
lem, the illegal immigration problem 
on our southern border. So what do 
they do? They legalize drugs. 
Wow. Wow. This is wrong, and every-
body knows it. Let’s focus on the thing 
that matters for—as the majority lead-
er said—for middle-class families who 
are having to drive to work, pick their 
kids up at school, take their kids to 
Little League practice, spending four 
and five bucks a gallon to get them 
there and back. Let’s focus on the 
things that matter. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, this bill 
will greatly reduce crime by redefining 
as not crimes things that are now con-
sidered crimes. And by releasing people 
in jail who should not be in jail, it will 
produce justice and it will reduce the 
expenses to the public. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the 
distinguished gentlewoman from Cali-
fornia (Ms. LEE), who has been such a 
great champion in the fight for this 
legislation. 
Ms. LEE of California. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise in strong support of H.R. 3617, the 
MORE Act. 
I thank Speaker PELOSI, Leader 
HOYER, and Chairman NEAL. And let 
me just thank Chairman NADLER for 
his persistence, his perseverance, and 
really hanging in there and bringing 
this to the floor, because he knows 
what the issues are, and he knows how 
important this is to repair the damage 
of the lives of so many people. 
Mr. Speaker, I also thank Congress-
man BLUMENAUER, my partner on so 
many issues and, of course, our Speak-
er pro tempore, Mr. PERLMUTTER, who 
is in the Chair today, and everyone 
who has helped to bring this to the 
floor. 
Mr. Speaker, my condolences today 
are with the family of our colleague, 
the late Representative Don Young, a 
champion on this issue. I honor his 
memory today as the founding member 
and co-chair of the Cannabis Caucus, 
who voted for the MORE Act the first 
time it came to the floor. 
Also, let me thank our advocates for 
educating the public on this issue, 
which, of course, helped our Members 
of Congress learn more about the im-
portance of this, that this is also a ra-
cial justice bill. It is the product of the 
work of so many for a long time. 
Mr. Speaker, of course, I salute our 
staff, Amy, Julie, Samira, Gregory, 
Kayla—so many staff. As a former staff 
member, look, I know how this was 
done, so I thank our staff for really 
doing the heavy lifting on this. 
Mr. Speaker, the MORE Act, yes, it 
includes my legislation, the Marijuana 
Justice Act, and the REFER Act, 
which is the first marijuana racial jus-
tice bill introduced in Congress many 
years ago. This bill would end Federal 
prohibition and decriminalize cannabis 
by removing it from the list of the Con-
trolled Substances Act. That is what 
the MORE Act does. 
Make no mistake, yes, it is a racial 
justice bill. According to the ACLU, 
Black Americans are nearly four times 
more likely to be arrested for can-
nabis-related crimes than White Amer-
icans, despite equal rates of use. These 
arrests can have a detrimental impact 
on a person’s quality of life and can 
lead to difficulty finding employment. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield an 
additional 30 seconds to the gentle-
woman from California. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:25 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00019
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K01AP7.015
H01APPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 18-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4096 
April 1, 2022 
Ms. LEE of California. Mr. Speaker, 
it is a multibillion-dollar industry also 
that brings tax revenue of billions to 
our States. Over 950 are people arrested 
daily for marijuana-related offenses. 
This is truly unjust. So we must end 
this failed policy of marijuana prohibi-
tion, which has led to the shattering of 
so many lives, primarily Black and 
Brown people. And yes, that is ex-
tremely important. 
Mr. Speaker, it is time to repair the 
damage. It is time to provide equal jus-
tice for those who have been unduly in-
carcerated. Public opinion supports 
this. 
In fact, over 50 years ago, the Na-
tional Commission on Marijuana and 
Drug Abuse, or the Shafer Commission, 
formally recommended to Congress 
this be done. We are doing it today. 
Mr. BENTZ. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
21⁄2 minutes to the gentleman from Or-
egon (Mr. BLUMENAUER), another great 
champion of this legislation. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
appreciate the gentleman for his cour-
tesy and his leadership, and all the peo-
ple that my friend, BARBARA LEE, just 
acknowledged. 
Mr. Speaker, a century ago, we were 
in the midst of a prohibition against 
alcohol. And the problems that my 
dear friend from Oregon highlighted in 
terms of the prohibition against can-
nabis, I agree with him about the hor-
rific situation in southern Oregon, and 
I look forward to working with him to 
try and remediate it. But the solution 
is to be found in this legislation. 
The problem of the cartels, the ille-
gal activity, the black market, is a re-
sult of the fact that the Federal Gov-
ernment does not have its act together. 
People across the country have acted 
to take it into their own hands and, as 
a result, we have a piecemeal approach. 
Mr. Speaker, 48 States have some 
form of legalization. What Chairman 
NADLER and the committee has done is 
provide a framework to be able to har-
ness the forces, to be able to do the re-
search so we can deal with impairment. 
The Federal Government interferes 
with that now. We have an opportunity 
to solve the horrific problem of lack of 
access 
to 
banking 
services, 
which 
makes dispensaries across the country 
sitting ducks. 
It adds to expenses for minorities. It 
adds to the problems of law enforce-
ment. We face a situation now of great 
racial injustice in this country that 
the legislation faces. 
b 1015 
We have an opportunity to unlock 
untold benefits for more medical re-
search and be able to channel the ef-
forts into a legal matter, to be able to 
have a taxing system federally, and to 
be able to strengthen the legal can-
nabis market so that the profits flow 
to the people who should do it rather 
than the cartels and the corner drug 
dealers that are still cutting corners. 
My friend is right about the problems 
in southern Oregon, but he is wrong 
about the solution. The MORE Act is a 
solution to provide the framework, pro-
vide the research, redirect the re-
sources to be able to solve the problem 
that has been created by the failed pro-
hibition on cannabis. 
This is historic legislation, in part, 
because we will send this to the Senate 
where there is a different mindset for 
the leadership. We have opened the op-
portunity to solve these problems. I 
urge us to take advantage of it and 
move forward. 
Mr. BENTZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, to my friend and former 
law school classmate, Representative 
BLUMENAUER—he was a few years ahead 
of me—I just want to draw attention to 
the bill, page 15, where it calls out the 
expenditures. It says: The amounts in 
the trust fund shall be available, with-
out further appropriation, only as fol-
lows. And then it reflects section 
3052(a) part 00 of the Omnibus Crime 
Control Safe Streets Act of 1968, which 
I dug out and read through three times, 
looking unsuccessfully for an alloca-
tion of money to local law enforcement 
agencies, such as the ones in southern 
Oregon. It is not there. That money is 
going for very limited and very narrow 
purposes. 
How much money? Well, if this 8 per-
cent tax had been applied to the 
amount of marijuana sold last year in 
the United States, the total is $400 mil-
lion. That is not the total sold; it is the 
total tax, $400 million, half of which 
would go to this narrow piece of work. 
I am not saying it is unimportant, but 
narrow. 
There is 50 percent called out here, 
then 10 percent, then 25 percent, but 
none to police. What I am trying to say 
is, yes, you have taken this up—do it 
right. Get it right. And you have a 
whole bunch of work that needs to be 
done to get this bill right. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentlewoman from New 
York (Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY). 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong sup-
port of the MORE Act and I applaud 
my colleagues, Chairman NADLER and 
BARBARA LEE, for their leadership on 
this critical legislation. 
For years, public support for mari-
juana legalization has surged. Thirty- 
seven States have voted to legalize 
marijuana. It is past time that Con-
gress answers the call for marijuana 
justice. 
This sweeping legislation would fi-
nally decriminalize cannabis at the 
Federal level by removing it from the 
Controlled Substance Act. The law 
would apply this retroactively to prior 
and pending convictions that have dis-
proportionately harmed communities 
of color. 
The MORE Act would also help those 
whose 
convictions 
are 
overturned 
through the Opportunity Trust Fund 
that would provide job training, re-
entry 
assistance, 
legal 
aid, 
and 
healthcare. 
If we are serious about criminal jus-
tice, we need to get rid of the anti-
quated cannabis laws. The MORE Act 
would do just that. I hope my col-
leagues will join me in voting on this 
long overdue bill. 
Mr. BENTZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I just want to say 
again, I went down to southern Oregon 
and I asked the law enforcement folks 
what we needed to do to try to head off 
the cartels which are generating this 
huge sum of money for themselves. 
What could we do? And the answer was, 
law enforcement. If you don’t have 
force, you can’t control the cartels. 
To get law enforcement it requires 
people and that requires money and 
this bill doesn’t allocate any for that 
purpose. Since we know this bill is 
going to drive up the cost of legal 
marijuana, thus driving more people 
into the black market, why isn’t there 
more money for law enforcement? Why 
isn’t there any money for law enforce-
ment? 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the distinguished gentleman 
from Texas (Mr. GREEN). 
Mr. GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
and still I rise. I thank Mr. NADLER, 
Ms. LEE, and Mr. PERLMUTTER. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise because I see this 
as a bill that will benefit some of the 
least, the last, and the lost; people who 
have been denied access to housing, de-
nied access to loans, denied access to 
things that we need to succeed in the 
United States of America. 
Mr. Speaker, I plan to support it. I 
ask that my colleagues support it be-
cause it is tough being a Black man 
with a criminal record in the United 
States of America. This bill will help a 
lot of Black men have opportunities 
that they have been denied. 
Mr. BENTZ. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the distinguished gentleman 
from Louisiana (Mr. CARTER). 
Mr. 
CARTER 
of 
Louisiana. 
Mr. 
Speaker, the COVID pandemic has pro-
duced a rise in drug abuse, violent 
crime, and other indicators of collec-
tive trauma. These are pressing issues 
that urgently need resources devoted 
to them. We must stop wasting pre-
cious resources on marijuana offenses. 
Law enforcement simply cannot af-
ford to chase small-time pot offenders 
while violent and random crime con-
tinues to be on the rise nationwide. 
The ACLU reports States are wasting 
billions annually enforcing cannabis 
laws. This is money, time, and effort 
better spent on investing in true com-
munity safety. 
Further, Americans overwhelmingly 
want marijuana reform and 91 percent 
report that they believe that it should 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:25 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00020
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K01AP7.016
H01APPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 19-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4097 
April 1, 2022 
be legalized. Congress is long overdue 
in 
marijuana 
reform 
and 
decrimi-
nalizing this substance, but we have a 
long journey ahead to achieve social 
justice and criminal justice reform. 
The war on marijuana is a costly 
relic of the past. Let’s vote ‘‘yes’’ 
today so we can build a safer and more 
equitable tomorrow. 
Mr. BENTZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I just want to assure ev-
eryone that the police in Oregon are 
not chasing those who are using mari-
juana. 
Oregon 
legalized 
marijuana. 
What we are having trouble with are 
the consequences of that legalization. 
That is what I am trying to bring to 
the attention of folks today that if we 
are going to legalize on a national 
scale then, for goodness’ sake, don’t 
make the mistakes we made in Oregon, 
get it right. 
Put into the bill appropriate funding 
for law enforcement. By the way, we 
should put in a lot of other things that 
I previously mentioned. One of the 
things that absolutely has to be there 
is funding for local police because this 
bill is going to drive up the demand for 
marijuana and up the cartels across 
the United States. It is bad and local 
law enforcement can’t take care of it. 
The assertion that the FBI and 
Homeland Security and DEA are going 
to do so is incorrect. I know because I 
have asked. We have nothing from the 
Attorney General helping us in that 
space. So what I am saying is, if you 
are going to do this, get it right. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, Mr. BENTZ refers to the 
cartels. Of course there are cartels. Of 
course they are making money because 
they have a monopoly of supply of a 
substance that has a great demand. If 
you pass this bill then those cartels 
will no longer have a monopoly and law 
enforcement expenses will go down be-
cause they will not have to enforce the 
marijuana laws and the marijuana pro-
hibition laws. Nor will they have to 
fight the cartels, which won’t be there 
anymore because their monopoly of 
supply will have been eliminated. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the 
distinguished gentlewoman from New 
Jersey (Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN). 
Mrs. 
WATSON 
COLEMAN. 
Mr. 
Speaker, I thank the chairman and I 
thank everyone that my colleague, 
BARBARA LEE, acknowledged earlier. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of the MORE Act and on behalf of the 
countless families that have been dis-
rupted and destroyed by our Nation’s 
failed drug policies and the devastating 
war on drugs. 
As a result of the war on drugs, the 
United States has a higher rate of in-
carceration than such human rights- 
abusing 
governments 
as 
Russia, 
Belarus, and Iran. It also wastes more 
money than any other country locking 
up its citizens for personal drug use. 
Racial justice and cannabis decrimi-
nalization 
are 
inextricably 
inter-
twined, and the former cannot be 
achieved without the latter. By de-
criminalizing cannabis, we can reverse 
the trend of over-incarceration and get 
one step closer to dismantling the sys-
temic racism so pervasive in our crimi-
nal justice system. 
The MORE Act is an important step 
in rewriting our future, and I urge my 
colleagues to support it. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will advise the managers that 
Mr. NADLER has 23⁄4 minutes and Mr. 
BENTZ has 63⁄4 minutes remaining. 
Mr. BENTZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I just want to mention 
in response to the assertion that once 
this bill passes, if it does, that sud-
denly the cartels will disappear. Sadly, 
that is not going to be true. That is be-
cause legal marijuana will be 30 per-
cent more expensive than that which is 
raised on the black market. That is 
why one has to be aware when one puts 
this kind of additional cost into this 
bill, 8 percent on a gross basis, that 
people need to understand the dif-
ference between net profit and gross. 
What is going to happen is the car-
tels will have a 30 percent benefit ad-
vantage over privately raised mari-
juana. What I am trying to say is: Get 
this bill right. This isn’t my thinking. 
This is people who looked into this ex-
tremely carefully and those that are 
trying to do this legally. I am saying 
this bill is incorrectly crafted on that 
level and many others. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the distinguished gentle-
woman 
from 
Illinois 
(Ms. 
SCHA-
KOWSKY). 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I 
want to thank the chairman for his 
leadership, but I also want to recognize 
Representative BLUMENAUER
for his 
decades of work on this issue. 
The MORE Act is the most com-
prehensive marijuana reform bill in 
Congress, and it is rooted in social jus-
tice. The criminalization of marijuana 
and this Nation’s failed war on drugs 
has devastated our communities of 
color. It has led to over-policing, mass 
incarceration, and the destruction of 
families. This critical legislation takes 
steps to undo these harms. 
Today, I urge my colleagues to vote 
for criminal justice reform, to vote for 
an equitable marijuana industry, and 
to vote for beginning to repair the 
harms caused by decades of racist 
marijuana criminalization and enforce-
ment. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues 
today to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the MORE Act. 
Mr. BENTZ. Mr. Speaker, I include in 
the RECORD a list of multiple items: 
First, a policy statement from the 
American Academy of Child & Adoles-
cent Psychiatry on Marijuana Legal-
ization. 
Second, Facts for Families from the 
American Academy of Child & Adoles-
cent Psychiatry on Marijuana and 
Teens. 
Third, the Insurance Information In-
stitute report on marijuana and im-
paired driving. 
Fourth, 
an 
article 
from 
verywellhealth.com titled, ‘‘Is Mari-
juana Addictive?’’ by Ashley Olivine, 
Ph.D. 
Fifth, an NBC News article titled, 
‘‘Legalized marijuana linked to a sharp 
rise in car crashes.’’ 
Sixth, the Denver Post article titled, 
‘‘Are you high? The science of testing 
for marijuana impairment is hazy, and 
evolving.’’ 
Seventh, a Bloomberg article titled, 
‘‘U.S. Grapples With How to Gauge 
Just How High Cannabis Users Are.’’ 
[From the American Academy of Child and 
Adolescent Psychiatry] 
MARIJUANA LEGALIZATION 
The American Academy of Child and Ado-
lescent Psychiatry (AACAP) advocates for 
careful consideration of potential immediate 
and downstream effects of marijuana policy 
changes on children and adolescents. Mari-
juana legalization, even if restricted to 
adults, may be associated with (a) decreased 
adolescent perception of marijuana’s harm-
ful effects, (b) increased marijuana use 
among parents and caretakers, and (c) in-
creased adolescent access to marijuana, all 
of which reliably predict increased rates of 
adolescent marijuana use and associated 
problems. Marijuana use during pregnancy, 
occurring at increasing rates, raises addi-
tional concerns regarding future infant, 
child, and adolescent development. 
AACAP is aware that, among hundreds of 
chemical constituents, marijuana contains 
select individual compounds that, if safely 
administered in reliable doses, may poten-
tially convey therapeutic effects for specific 
conditions in specific populations. Advocacy 
regarding 
potential 
cannabinoid 
thera-
peutics, alongside social justice, public pol-
icy, and economic concerns, have contrib-
uted to marijuana policy changes. Amid 
these factors, AACAP remains focused on 
concerns regarding adolescent marijuana 
use. 
Adolescents are especially vulnerable to 
marijuana’s many known adverse effects. 
One in six adolescent marijuana users devel-
ops cannabis use disorder, a well character-
ized syndrome involving tolerance, with-
drawal, and continued use despite significant 
associated impairments. Selective breeding 
has increased marijuana’s addictive potency 
and potential harm to adolescents. Heavy 
use during adolescence is associated with in-
creased incidence and worsened course of 
psychotic, mood, anxiety, and substance use 
disorders. Furthermore, marijuana’s delete-
rious effects on adolescent cognition, behav-
ior, and brain development may have imme-
diate and long-term implications, including 
increased risk of motor vehicle accidents, 
sexual victimization, academic failure, last-
ing decline in intelligence measures, psycho-
pathology, addiction, and psychosocial and 
occupational impairment. 
Marijuana-related policy changes, includ-
ing legalization, may have significant unin-
tended consequences for children and adoles-
cents. AACAP supports (a) initiatives to in-
crease awareness of marijuana’s harmful ef-
fects on adolescents, (b) improved access to 
evidence-based treatment for adolescents 
with marijuana-related problems, and (c) 
careful monitoring of the effects of mari-
juana-related policy changes on child and ad-
olescent mental health. Finally, AACAP 
strongly advocates for the involvement of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:25 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00021
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K01AP7.019
H01APPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 20-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4098 
April 1, 2022 
the medical and research community in 
these critical and highly impactful policy-re-
lated discussions. 
MARIJUANA AND TEENS 
Many teenagers try marijuana and some 
use it regularly. Teenage marijuana use is at 
its highest level in 30 years, and today’s 
teens are more likely to use marijuana than 
tobacco. Many states allow recreational use 
of marijuana in adults ages 21 and over. Rec-
reational marijuana use by children and 
teenagers is not legal in anywhere in the 
United States. Today’s marijuana plants are 
grown differently than in the past and can 
contain two to three times more tetrahydro-
cannabinol (THC), the ingredient that makes 
people high. The ingredient of the marijuana 
plant thought to have most medical benefits, 
cannabidiol (CBD), has not increased and re-
mains at about 1 percent. 
There are many ways people can use mari-
juana. This can make it harder for parents to 
watch for use in their child. These include: 
Smoking the dried plant (buds and flowers) 
in a rolled cigarette (joint), pipe, or bong 
Smoking liquid or wax marijuana in an 
electronic cigarette, also known as vaping 
Eating ‘‘edibles’’ which are baked goods 
and candies containing marijuana products 
Drinking beverages containing marijuana 
products 
Using oils and tinctures that can be ap-
plied to the skin 
Other names used to describe marijuana 
include weed, pot, spliffs, or the name of the 
strain of the plant. There are also synthetic 
(man-made) marijuana-like drugs such as 
‘‘K2’’ and ‘‘Spice.’’ These drugs are different 
from marijuana and are more dangerous. Ad-
ditionally, 
the 
products 
being 
sold 
in 
dispensaries currently are not subject to 
Food and Drug Administration standards 
and are not purely isolated cannabinoids; 
they are therefore not reliable in their po-
tency/concentration of CBD or THC, or the 
inclusion of other ingredients. 
PARENTS AND PREVENTION 
Parents can help their children learn about 
the harmful effects of marijuana use. Talk-
ing to your children about marijuana at an 
early age can help them make better choices 
and may prevent them from developing a 
problem with marijuana use later. Begin 
talking with your child in an honest and 
open way when they are in late elementary 
and early middle school. Youth are less like-
ly to try marijuana if they can ask parents 
for help and know exactly how their parents 
feel about drug use. 
Tips on discussing marijuana with your 
child: 
Ask what they have heard about using 
marijuana. Listen carefully, pay attention, 
and try not to interrupt. Avoid making nega-
tive or angry comments. 
Offer your child facts about the risks and 
consequences of smoking marijuana. 
Ask your child to give examples of the ef-
fects of marijuana. This will help you make 
sure that your child understands what you 
talked about. 
If you choose to talk to your child about 
your own experiences with drugs, be honest 
about why you used and the pressures that 
contributed to your use. Be careful not to 
minimize the dangers of marijuana or other 
drugs, and be open about any negative expe-
riences you may have had. Given how much 
stronger marijuana is today, its effect on 
your child would likely be much different 
than what you experienced. 
Explain that research tells us that the 
brain continues to mature into the 20s. While 
it is developing, there is greater risk of harm 
from marijuana use. 
Sometimes parents may suspect that their 
child is already using marijuana. The fol-
lowing are common signs of marijuana use: 
Acting very silly and out of character for 
no reason 
Using new words and phrases like ‘‘spark-
ing up,’’ ‘‘420,’’ ‘‘dabbing,’’ and ‘‘shatter’’ 
Having increased irritability 
Losing interest in and motivation to do 
usual activities 
Spending time with peers that use mari-
juana 
Having trouble remembering things that 
just happened 
Carrying pipes, lighters, vape pens, or roll-
ing papers 
Coming home with red eyes and/or urges to 
eat outside of usual mealtimes 
Stealing money or having money that can-
not be accounted for 
EFFECTS OF MARIJUANA 
Many teenagers believe that marijuana is 
safer than alcohol or other drugs. When talk-
ing about marijuana with your child, it is 
helpful to know the myths and the facts. For 
example, teenagers may say, ‘‘it is harmless 
because it is natural,’’ ‘‘it is not addictive,’’ 
or ‘‘it does not affect my thinking or my 
grades.’’ 
However, research shows that marijuana 
can cause serious problems with learning, 
feelings, and health. 
Short-term use of marijuana can lead to: 
School difficulties 
Problems with memory and concentration 
Increased aggression 
Car accidents 
Use of other drugs or alcohol 
Risky sexual behaviors 
Worsening of underlying mental health 
conditions including mood changes and sui-
cidal thinking 
Increased risk of psychosis 
Interference with prescribed medication 
Regular use of marijuana can lead to sig-
nificant problems including Cannabis Use 
Disorder. Signs that your child has devel-
oped Cannabis Use Disorder include using 
marijuana more often than intended, having 
cravings, or when using interferes with other 
activities. If someone with Cannabis Use Dis-
order stops using suddenly, they may suffer 
withdrawal symptoms that, while not dan-
gerous, can cause irritability, anxiety, and 
changes in mood, sleep, and appetite. 
Long-term use of marijuana can lead to: 
Cannabis Use Disorder 
The same breathing problems as smoking 
cigarettes (coughing, wheezing, trouble with 
physical activity, and lung cancer) 
Decreased motivation or interest which 
can lead to decline in academic or occupa-
tional performance 
Lower intelligence 
Mental health problems, such as schizo-
phrenia, depression, anxiety, anger, irrita-
bility, moodiness, and risk of suicide 
MEDICAL MARIJUANA 
Some teens justify use of marijuana be-
cause it is used for medical purposes. Mari-
juana use with a prescription for a medical 
reason is called ‘‘medical marijuana.’’ Laws 
for medical marijuana are rapidly changing 
and are different from state to state. In some 
states, children of any age can get medical 
marijuana if they have a ‘‘qualifying medical 
condition.’’ There is very limited research 
supporting use of medical marijuana in chil-
dren or teens for most conditions. In most 
states that allow medical marijuana, the 
marijuana is not regulated and therefore is 
not checked for ingredients, purity, strength 
or safety. There is no evidence that medical 
marijuana is any safer than other marijuana. 
CANNABIDIOL (CBD) 
Many parents have questions about CBD 
and how it may be helpful for their child. 
There is ongoing research on the use of CBD- 
containing products for conditions such as 
epilepsy, PTSD, Tourette’s disorder, pain, 
and other diagnoses. For now, the use of CBD 
is only FDA-approved in children for specific 
forms of epilepsy and in adults for chemo-
therapy induced nausea and vomiting. At 
this time, there is not enough evidence to 
recommend CBD for other uses, in children 
and adolescents including the treatment of 
autism and other developmental disorders. 
The approved CBD requires a prescription. 
Many stores sell CBD products. However, 
there are no safety and quality requirements 
for non-prescription CBD. They may have 
harmful additives or interfere with prescrip-
tion medication. If you are considering using 
CBD for your child, please discuss this with 
their physician prior to starting to prevent 
harmful effects. 
CONCLUSION 
Marijuana use in teens can lead to long- 
term consequences. Teens rarely think they 
will end up with problems related to mari-
juana use, so it is important to begin talking 
about the risks with your child early and 
continue this discussion over time. Talking 
with your child about marijuana can help 
delay the age of first use and help protect 
their brain. If your child is already using 
marijuana, try asking questions in an open 
and curious way as your teen will talk more 
freely if not feeling judged. If you have con-
cerns about your child’s drug use, talk with 
your child’s pediatrician or a qualified men-
tal health professional. 
[From the Insurance Information Institute, 
June 24, 2021] 
BACKGROUND ON: MARIJUANA AND IMPAIRED 
DRIVING 
OVERVIEW 
More states are passing legislation permit-
ting medical and/or recreational marijuana 
use, which raises concerns about users driv-
ing under the influence of marijuana. This 
piece will discuss: 
Marijuana consumption and characteris-
tics of marijuana impairment; Marijuana le-
galization’s impact on auto accidents; Dif-
ficulties related to measuring user impair-
ment; and Insurance impacts. 
HISTORICAL PERSPECTIVE 
Marijuana is a type of hemp plant of the 
species Cannabis sativa L., part of the genus 
Cannabis L. Unlike industrial hemp, how-
ever, 
marijuana 
contains 
appreciable 
arnounts 
of 
delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol 
(THC), a psychoactive cannabinoid—it’s the 
active chemical that induces user intoxica-
tion. The plant also contains several other, 
non-psychoactive 
cannabinoids 
such 
as 
‘‘cannabidiol’’ (CBD). 
There is evidence that cannabis has been 
consumed for thousands of years, often for 
medicinal purposes. The plant was used as a 
patent medicine in the U.S. since at least 
1850, when the United States Pharmacopoeia 
described the plant for the first time. Can-
nabis was first regulated under federal law 
under the Marihuana Tax Act of 1937. 
Marijuana was subsequently subjected to 
countrywide prohibition under the Con-
trolled Substances Act of 1970 (CSA), which 
established a schedule for substances regu-
lated under federal law. Marijuana is cur-
rently a Schedule I drug under the CSA, 
which defines Schedule I drugs as substances 
that have ‘‘no currently accepted medical 
use in the United States, a lack of accepted 
safety for use under medical supervision, and 
a high potential for abuse.’’ Other substances 
under Schedule I include heroin, LSD, and 
peyote. 
Despite the treatment of marijuana under 
federal law, in 1996 California became the 
first state in the U.S. to pass legislation per-
mitting a medical marijuana program. By 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:53 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00022
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A01AP7.011
H01APPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 21-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4099 
April 1, 2022 
April 2021, 36 states and the District of Co-
lumbia have passed legislation permitting 
so-called ‘‘comprehensive’’ medical mari-
juana programs, which typically allow quali-
fying patients to access marijuana and mari-
juana-related products. 
Since 2012, 18 states and the District of Co-
lumbia have passed legislation permitting 
anyone over the age of 21 to possess and use 
marijuana, subject to certain limitations. 
Most of those states also have or are devel-
oping regulations for a commercial market 
to support recreational marijuana sales. 
MARIJUANA IMPAIRMENT 
The THC in marijuana plants causes in-
toxication in a user. (THC levels in other 
hemp plants are typically so low that they 
cannot induce intoxication.) 
Effects of marijuana consumption can 
vary. Marijuana can affect users differently, 
depending on a variety of factors, including 
user tolerance. Common experiences intoxi-
cated include feelings of euphoria and relax-
ation; some may also experience heightened 
sensory perceptions and altered perceptions 
of time. 
Marijuana cannot cause overdose, but can 
potentially 
cause 
temporary 
psychosis. 
There are no documented instances of an 
adult dying from an overdose of marijuana 
alone. However in rare instances a user may 
experience a psychotic reaction to the drug 
or high levels of anxiety—in some cases, 
these side effects could lead a user to seek 
medical treatment. Such negative effects are 
often experienced after consuming edible 
marijuana products, which are often more 
potent and take longer to induce intoxica-
tion. 
Method of consumption alters impairment 
profile. Several factors influence intoxica-
tion onset, intensity, and duration, including 
method of consumption, type of marijuana 
product consumed, product potency, and user 
characteristics. 
Marijuana and related products can be con-
sumed in several ways, including inhalation 
(either by smoking or vaporizing) of dried 
plant matter or concentrates (such as hash-
ish or kief), oral ingestion (edibles, capsules, 
infusible oils), sublingual ingestion (loz-
enges), 
or 
topical 
application 
(lotions, 
salves, oils). 
Smoking often causes almost immediate 
intoxication, 
with 
impairment 
typically 
lasting 2 to 4 hours. Intoxication onset is 
more delayed for other methods, sometimes 
up to two hours for edibles—and impairment 
may last much longer. 
Product potency is dependent on THC lev-
els. Potency varies considerably across mari-
juana products and can influence the degree 
of impairment. Smokable marijuana plant 
matter can range anywhere from 8 percent to 
30 percent THC, whereas high-quality hash 
oil up to 80 percent THC. There is evidence 
that marijuana products have become more 
potent over time. 
User characteristics will also influence im-
pairment. For example, chronic users may 
experience less acute impairment than non- 
chronic users. 
MARIJUANA AND IMPAIRED DRIVING 
Marijuana intoxication can cause impaired 
driving, thereby increasing the risks of acci-
dents. Marijuana legalization is associated 
with an increase in impaired driving. 
Marijuana impairment degrades cognition 
and motor skills. Marijuana alters a user’s 
perception. As such, most studies agree that 
marijuana use results in impaired coordina-
tion, memory, associative learning, atten-
tion, cognitive flexibility, and reaction time. 
Driving ability is thereby degraded to some 
degree—but by how much remains a matter 
of study and is subject to several factors, in-
cluding the level of impairment and user 
characteristics. 
For example, there is some evidence that 
user impairment may also result in limited 
‘‘compensatory defensive’’ driving, in which 
a user drives more carefully to compensate 
for a degradation in motor functioning—but 
this may only mitigate degradation for some 
skills and may not apply to non-chronic 
users. 
Marijuana impairment increases the risk 
of accidents. Nonetheless, the evidence sug-
gests that acute impairment increases the 
risk of traffic accidents—though the mag-
nitude of the increased risk is still a matter 
of study and can vary widely, depending on 
the study. 
One literature review found evidence that 
20 to 30 percent of crashes involving mari-
juana occurred because of the marijuana use. 
(This compares to roughly 85 percent of 
crashes involving alcohol that occurred be-
cause of alcohol use.) The review estimated 
that the crash risk increased 22 percent 
while under the influence of marijuana, con-
trolling for concurrent alcohol use. 
Another review found that someone driv-
ing under the influence of marijuana is 1.65 
times more likely to be culpable in a fatal 
accident. 
The greater the impairment, the worse the 
driving abilities. As noted above, level of im-
pairment can influence the degree to which 
driving ability degrades. Indeed, there is evi-
dence that the more impaired the driver, the 
worse their driving abilities. 
Mixing marijuana and alcohol produces ad-
ditive effects. There is evidence that mixing 
marijuana and alcohol increases impairment 
greater than the net effects of each indi-
vidual substance. There also may exist the 
possibility for alcohol to increase THC lev-
els. Potential compensatory defensive driv-
ing is nullified when a user mixes alcohol 
and marijuana. 
The number of crash rates could increase 
after legalization. Researchers at the Insur-
ance Institute for Highway Safety (IIHS) and 
the Highway Loss Data Institute (HLDI) 
since 2014 have been examining how legaliza-
tion has affected crash rates and insurance 
claims, and evidence is emerging that crash 
rates go up when states legalize recreational 
use and retail sales of marijuana. The most 
recent of these studies released in June 2021 
by the IIHS, shows that injury and fatal 
crash rates in California, Colorado, Nevada, 
Oregon, and Washington jumped in the 
months following relaxation of marijuana 
laws in each state. The five states experi-
enced a 6 percent increase in injury crash 
rates and a 4 percent increase in fatal crash 
rates, compared with other Western states 
where recreational marijuana use was illegal 
during the study period. 
However, only the increase in injury crash 
rates was statistically significant. These 
findings are consistent with a 2018 IIHS 
study of police-reported crashes, most of 
which did not involve injuries or fatalities. 
This study found that legalization of retail 
sales in Colorado, Oregon andWashington 
was associated with a 5 percent higher crash 
rate compared with the neighboring control 
states. 
Fatal crashes involving drivers who tested 
positive for THC have increased. Some stud-
ies 
indicate 
that 
more 
people 
with 
‘‘detectible’’ levels of THC in their blood-
streams were involved in fatal accidents 
after legalization. However, as discussed 
below, the mere presence of THC does not 
necessarily indicate marijuana impairment. 
Furthermore, regarding fatal crash rates 
overall, at least one study found no signifi-
cant annual changes in crash fatality rates 
forColorado and Washington when compared 
to 8 control states. 
A 2020 study by the AAA Foundation for 
Traffic Safety shows that the percentage of 
drivers in Washington involved in fatal 
crashes who tested positive for marijuana in-
creased 100 percent after the state made the 
drug legal for recreational use. The study 
considered the presence of detectable THC in 
the blood of fatal-crash-involved drIvers. In 
general, the presence of detectable THC in 
blood suggests, but does not conclusively 
prove, that a person has recently used can-
nabis. 
Collision claim frequency appears to have 
increased. Insurance records show an in-
crease in claims under collision coverage, 
which pays for damage to an at-fault, in-
sured driver’s own vehicle, according to 
HLDI’s latest analysis, The legalization of 
retail sales in Colorado, Nevada, Oregon, and 
Washington was associated with a 4 percent 
increase in collision claim frequency com-
pared with the other Western states from 
2012 to 2019. The 4 percent decline is down 
slightly from the 6 percent increase HLDI 
identified in a previous study, which covered 
2012 to 2018. 
Higher risk demographics also have higher 
rates of marijuana-impaired driving. Young-
er drivers are at greater risk of traffic acci-
dents than older drivers. Younger male driv-
ers are at high risk of traffic accidents. 
Early evidence suggests that younger male 
drivers are most likely to drive under the in-
fluence of marijuana. 
Use of recreational marijuana impairs 
driving even when the driver is not high. A 
study published in the journal Drug and Al-
cohol Dependence suggests that chronic, 
heavy use of recreational marijuana impairs 
driving skills even when the driver is not 
high. The researchers used a driving simu-
lator to evaluate the potential impact of 
cannabis use on driving performance. The 
study concluded that driving impairment 
was significantly worse among the study 
participants who began using marijuana reg-
ularly before age 16. The study, by research-
ers at Harvard Medical School’s McLean 
Hospital, found that cannabis users hit more 
pedestrians, exceeded the speed limit more 
often, and drove through more red lights 
compared with non-users. At the time of the 
study, the marijuana users had not used for 
at least 12 hours and were not intoxicated. 
DETERMINING INTOXICATION: ‘‘THC 
PERSISTENCE’’ 
A key issue raised in many studies exam-
ining the effects of marijuana-impaired driv-
ing and its risks is ‘‘THC persistence.’’ Un-
like alcohol, THC levels in a user’s body may 
not be an accurate indication of impairment. 
Compared with marijuana, determining al-
cohol intoxication is relatively straight-
forward. The human body processes alcohol 
at a rate that allows blood alcohol con-
centration (BAC) to closely correlate with 
intoxication, making it an effective and ac-
curate benchmark for measuring impair-
ment. 
[Feb. 17, 2022] 
IS MARIJUANA ADDICTIVE? 
(By Ashley Olivine, Ph.D., MPH) 
(Medically reviewed by Isaac O. Opole, MD, 
PhD) 
In light of the legalization of marijuana, 
many people have wondered about the sub-
stance, its safety, and whether it’s addictive. 
Marijuana—also called weed, cannabis, and 
other names—is a species of plant that is 
used as a medical and recreational drug. 
People can become addicted to marijuana. 
While it is possible to try and use the sub-
stance without becoming addicted, that is 
not the case for everyone. There are risks of 
use, even medicinally, and addiction is one 
of them. 
Like any drug used medicinally, the poten-
tial risks of use are weighed against the po-
tential benefits when deciding what should 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:53 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00023
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A01AP7.009
H01APPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE
--

 -Page 22-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4100 
April 1, 2022 
and should not be tried. Learn more about 
marijuana addiction, risk factors, effects on 
the brain, and more. 
IS MARIJUANA ADDICTIVE? 
While some people can try and use mari-
juana without becoming addicted, it can also 
be addictive for some people. Marijuana use 
disorder, also known as cannabis use dis-
order, is when the use of marijuana nega-
tively impacts a person’s health or life but 
they continue to use it anyway. 
Although the numbers are not entirely 
known, it is estimated that 6.3 percent of 
adults have experienced marijuana use dis-
order, and that percentage is increasing. As 
many as 30 percent of people who use mari-
juana may experience marijuana use dis-
order. Marijuana use can also be associated 
with addiction and dependency. 
ADDICTION VS. DEPENDENCY 
Addiction and dependency are two terms 
that are often used interchangeably. There 
are differences between the two. 
Addiction happens when a person uses a 
substance such as alcohol, marijuana, or an-
other drug in excess. It is usually marked by 
a change in behavior, where the person be-
comes consistently focused on using that 
substance regardless of potential negative 
outcomes. Addiction can be physical, psy-
chological, or both at the same time. 
Substance dependence, also called chem-
ical dependence, is when a person experi-
ences physical dependence on a substance 
but is not addicted to it. One example is 
when a person who has taken a prescription 
medication for a long time stops taking that 
medication and experiences physical or men-
tal withdrawal symptoms. Dependence symp-
toms can be cognitive, behavioral, and phys-
ical. Dependence presents as a pattern. A 
person first uses a substance such as mari-
juana repeatedly. After regular use over 
time, they build a tolerance, where the ef-
fects of the substance are not noticed as 
much or at all. The person experiences symp-
toms when they stop using the substance, 
which makes them feel the need to use it 
again. 
SYMPTOMS OF CANNABIS USE DISORDER 
Cannabis use disorder, or marijuana use 
disorder, is when a person continues to use 
the substance even though they experience 
negative health or life effects from use. 
Symptoms include excessive focus on mari-
juana use; ignoring school, work, or relation-
ships; other problems caused by marijuana 
use such as an inability to resist cravings; 
and more. These can range from mild to se-
vere depending on the person. 
SYMPTOMS MAY INCLUDE 
Changes in sleep, appetite, or mood. 
Cravings to use marijuana. 
Decreased control of marijuana use. 
Decreased fulfillment of responsibilities. 
Decline in school, work, or athletic per-
formance. 
Headache, abdominal pain, chills, or sweat-
ing when not using. 
Needing to use more to get the same effect. 
Negative feelings associated with use. 
Overuse of marijuana and using more than 
intended. 
Risk-taking behaviors. 
Social withdrawal related to marijuana 
use. 
RISK FACTORS 
One of the biggest risk factors of mari-
juana addiction may be age. People are up to 
seven times as likely to experience mari-
juana use disorder when they start using be-
fore the age of 18. Additionally, men are 
twice as likely as women to experience mari-
juana use disorder. 
OTHER RISK FACTORS INCLUDE 
Family history of substance use disorder. 
Friends and peers who use marijuana. 
Adverse childhood experiences such as sex-
ual abuse. 
Use of cigarettes. 
Teenage 
Drug 
Addiction: 
A 
Complete 
Guide. 
Effect on the Brain. 
Marijuana use has a negative impact on 
the 
brain. 
THC, 
which 
stands 
for 
tetrahydrocannabinol, is the part of the can-
nabis plant that causes the mental effect. 
THC can cause changes to the brain that im-
pact the structure and ability to function, 
including learning, memory, cognitive abil-
ity, and behavior—including future sub-
stance use. This is an increased concern for 
younger people exposed to THC, including 
babies during pregnancy. 
The use of marijuana has also been found 
to be connected with lower IQ scores, com-
promised memory and cognitive ability, and 
decreased performance on tests. The nega-
tive effects of use appear to be more of an 
issue for those who use more often and over 
a longer period of time. However, research is 
limited and the details of the negative ef-
fects on the brain are not fully understood. 
IS RECREATIONAL MARIJUANA TO BLAME? 
The negative effects of marijuana are not 
limited to recreational marijuana. Medicinal 
marijuana use comes with risks too. Like 
other medicinal treatments for medical con-
ditions, medicinal marijuana can have nega-
tive effects even though it is used to treat 
medical conditions. 
Additionally, over 80 percent of people who 
use 
medicinal 
marijuana 
also 
use 
it 
recreationally. This can lead to more use and 
an increased risk of marijuana use disorder. 
Medicinal Use of Marijuana. 
Medicinal marijuana is used to treat and 
manage a variety of medical concerns, in-
cluding physical and mental health chal-
lenges. Despite the risks, studies of medic-
inal marijuana use have shown effectiveness. 
Nearly 90 percent of people who use medic-
inal marijuana claim that it helps them to 
manage their disease and symptoms, and 
many find that they are able to decrease 
their use of other medications. 
THE DEBATE OVER THE LEGALIZATION OF 
MARIJUANA FOR MEDICAL USE 
Conditions commonly treated with medical 
marijuana include: 
Alzheimer’s disease, Amyotrophic lateral 
sclerosis, (ALS), Anxiety, Cancer chemo-
therapy side effects, Crohn’s disease, Depres-
sion, Glaucoma, HIV/AIDS, Inflammation, 
Multiple sclerosis muscle symptoms, Nausea 
and vomiting, Pain, Post-traumatic stress 
disorder or PTSD, Seizures and epilepsy, 
Marijuana Addiction Criteria. 
The Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of 
Mental Health Disorders, 5th edition (DSM– 
5) classifies the diagnostic criteria for can-
nabis use disorder. Use of the substance must 
be associated with impairment or distress. 
Diagnosis of this condition requires at least 
two of the 11 criteria within one year. 
CANNABIS USE DISORDER DSM–5 CRITERIA 
More use than intended. 
Unable to decrease use despite desire or ef-
fort. 
Excessive time spent on activities related 
to use, including getting access and recov-
ering. 
Urges or cravings. 
Work, school, or home obligations not ful-
filled due to use. 
A problem of social or interpersonal prob-
lems associated with use and continued use. 
Withdrawal from social, work, or rec-
reational activities due to use despite impor-
tance. 
Physically hazardous use. 
Knowingly experiencing problems associ-
ated with use and continued use. 
Tolerance, defined by either needing more 
to get the effect or decreased effect with the 
same amount. 
Withdrawal, defined by either DSM–5 can-
nabis withdrawal symptoms or use of a sub-
stance to address symptoms of withdrawal. 
HELP FOR CANNABIS USE DISORDER 
Cannabis use disorder is treatable. This 
condition can be diagnosed by a healthcare 
professional such as a medical doctor or psy-
chologist. Treatment methods include psy-
chotherapy (talk therapy) and medications. 
More 
specifically, 
motivational 
inter-
viewing, contingency management, and cog-
nitive behavioral therapy (CBT) may be 
used. Medications to control cravings may be 
used alongside nonmedicinal interventions. 
SUBSTANCE USE HELPLINE 
If you or a loved one are struggling with 
substance use or addiction, contact the Sub-
stance Abuse and Mental Health Services 
Administration 
(SAMHSA) 
National 
Helpline for information on support and 
treatment facilities in your area. 
For more mental health resources, see our 
National Helpline Database. 
[From NBC News, Oct. 18, 2018] 
LEGALIZED MARIJUANA LINKED TO A SHARP 
RISE IN CAR CRASHES 
(By Paul A. Eisenstein) 
There has been an increase by up to 6 per-
cent in the number of highway crashes in 
four of the states where the recreational use 
of marijuana has been legalized, according to 
a pair of new studies. 
The new reports do not prove there’s a di-
rect risk caused by the use of marijuana 
among motorists, but they raise caution 
flags, especially since there is no easy way to 
test drivers to be sure if they are, in fact, 
under the influence of THC, the active ingre-
dient in marijuana, said David Harkey, presi-
dent of the Insurance Institute for Highway 
Safety’s Highway Loss Data Institute. 
‘‘It’s certainly early in the game,’’ Harkey 
told NBC News. But, he warned, ‘‘We’re see-
ing a trend in the wrong direction.’’ 
There are now 30 states that have legalized 
the use of marijuana for medical purposes, 
with Oklahoma the most recent to join the 
list. Nine states and the District of Columbia 
now have legalized recreational use. With a 
Gallup poll showing 64 percent public sup-
port, more states are set to follow, including 
Michigan, where recreational use is on the 
November ballot. 
Since the legalization wave began, safety 
and health experts have been trying to meas-
ure the potential influence on highway safe-
ty, though the results so far have been incon-
sistent and, in some cases, contradictory. 
But this is the second year in a row where 
the IIHS found a troubling trend. A year ago, 
the non-profit group looked at three states, 
Colorado, Oregon, and Washington. This 
year, it added Nevada to the list. Harkey 
said the IIHS also looked at highway crash 
data in surrounding states to try to control 
for factors like weather and the economy. 
The studies looked at police reports and in-
surance claims, finding crashes rose between 
5.2 percent and 6 percent in states with legal-
ized recreational marijuana compared to 
neighboring states where such use remained 
illegal. 
The IIHS also conducted a street-side 
study of marijuana use and found something 
Harkey said he saw as particularly con-
cerning. While those under the influence of 
alcohol tend to either be driving alone or 
with other adults, about 14 percent of those 
confirmed to be using pot had a child in their 
vehicle. That reflects the fact, he added, that 
marijuana use isn’t confined to evenings and 
other times when adults are more likely to 
drink—and abuse—alcohol. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:53 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00024
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A01AP7.013
H01APPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE
--

 -Page 23-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4101 
April 1, 2022 
What is unclear is whether that reflects 
the increasing use of recreational pot or the 
consumption of medical marijuana to deal 
with issues like pain or glaucoma, something 
a patient may time to need. 
Harkey cautioned there are limits to what 
the studies show. There is a ‘‘correlation,’’ 
reflecting the fact that crashes rose once pot 
became legal, but that is not the same as 
‘‘causation,’’ he added, meaning other, un-
seen factors could be at work. 
That could help explain why earlier studies 
have often conflicted over the effects of 
marijuana on highway safety. One, released 
by the University of Colorado in 2014, showed 
a surge in fatalities involving stoned drivers. 
But a study conducted by the National High-
way Traffic Safety Administration in Vir-
ginia a year later found no clear increase in 
risk. 
Part of the problem is that it is difficult to 
accurately measure how pot impacts drivers. 
‘‘Many studies, using a variety of methods, 
have attempted to estimate the risk of driv-
ing after use of marijuana,’’ a NHTSA report 
advised Congress last year. ‘‘While useful in 
identifying how marijuana affects the per-
formance of driving tasks, experimental and 
observational studies do not lend themselves 
to predicting real-world crash risk.’’ 
Police have a particularly difficult chal-
lenge because of the way marijuana works in 
the body. Blood alcohol levels provide a di-
rect correlation showing how much a motor-
ist has had to drink, with those levels drop-
ping rapidly as someone sobers up. But while 
THC levels spike after smoking weed or eat-
ing a consumable, the psychoactive ingre-
dient remains in the body for weeks, long 
after it has stopped having any impact. 
With so many more states set to permit 
the use of the drug, Harkey said regulators, 
law enforcement, and medical authorities 
need to address ‘‘the challenge’’ and come up 
with better ways of determining when a driv-
er might be operating under the influence of 
marijuana. 
[From the Denver Post, Aug. 25, 2017] 
ARE YOU HIGH? THE SCIENCE OF TESTING FOR 
MARIJUANA
IMPAIRMENT
IS
HAZY, 
AND 
EVOLVING. LAWMAKERS, POLICE, PROSECU-
TORS GRAPPLE WITH HOW TO DEFINE MARI-
JUANA IMPAIRMENT. 
(By David Migoya) 
There was a time when marijuana was ille-
gal everywhere and testing for it was as easy 
as could be. 
It didn’t matter the level of cannabinoids 
found in a person’s body. If it was there, they 
were breaking the law. 
It’s different now. 
The tests have changed from depositing a 
urine sample into a cup to drawing blood or 
offering oral fluids. Also different is the par-
ticular type of cannabinoid—the chemical 
compound that reacts in the brain—detected 
by any of those tests. 
The evolving science of testing for mari-
juana, and the lack of consensus over how to 
measure impairment, is a defining feature of 
the drug. It separates marijuana from alco-
hol and creates challenges for lawmakers, 
police and prosecutors, not to mention users. 
The issue is critical as the state moves for-
ward in determining how to handle driving 
under the influence of pot. A Denver Post in-
vestigation found that the numbers of driv-
ers in fatal crashes testing positive for mari-
juana—though not necessarily high—is ris-
ing sharply, and coroners are finding higher 
levels of potency in their tests. 
The cannabinoid most widely tested for in 
the past—known as carboxy THC—is actu-
ally an inactive metabolite that only indi-
cates prior marijuana use, sometimes as long 
as a month ago. In time, other metabolites 
of THC—short for tetrahydrocannabinal, the 
psychoactive ingredient in marijuana—were 
found to be better indicators of recent use 
and, some say, impairment. 
‘‘Urine testing was established many years 
ago, and, at the time, a test was developed to 
look for carboxy THC since it’s what’s there 
in the highest amount,’’ said Sarah Urfer, 
president and owner of ChemaTox, a Boulder 
lab that handles DUI screening for about 
three quarters of the law enforcement agen-
cies 
in 
Colorado. 
‘‘Nobody 
thought 
it 
mattered what you were looking for . . . . 
Early on, scientists didn’t know for sure 
which of the cannabinoids were responsible 
for impairment. They’d measure carboxy and 
try to correlate it to impairment.’’ 
But THC is not the same as alcohol. It re-
acts differently in the body, it metabolizes 
differently and its impairing impact is dif-
ferent. Unlike the 0.08 blood-alcohol level 
that’s widely accepted as indicative of 
drunken driving, establishing a credible level 
for THC has been elusive. 
It is generally accepted that two standard 
drinks—about 1/2 ounce of alcohol—in an 
hour will raise someone’s blood-alcohol level 
to 0.05, approaching the legal limit. One 
drink is a 12–ounce beer, a 1.5–ounce shot of 
distilled spirit, or a 6–ounce glass of wine. 
For pot, the differences are striking since 
it depends on the manner ingested—smoked, 
edible, concentrate—and how much. A Johns 
Hopkins University study from 1995 found 
that four puffs of smokable marijuana with 
1.75 percent THC content translates to 57 
nanograms per milliliter, and 10 puffs as 
much as 99 ng/mL. The National Highway 
Traffic Safety Administration says levels of 
100–200 ng/mL are ‘‘routinely encountered’’ 
after smoking but quickly dissipate. Con-
centrate levels for vapor ingestion are typi-
cally higher, as well as for edibles, although 
the rate of distribution into the blood varies 
considerably. 
FEDS QUESTION TESTS 
NHTSA last month acknowledged these 
gray areas in a report to Congress that not 
only called into question the reliability of 
tests to find THC but also noted the problem 
with determining whether a driver is too 
stoned to be behind the wheel. 
In fact, the NHTSA report notes that even 
though ‘‘research has demonstrated the po-
tential of marijuana to impair driving-re-
lated skills,’’ it lays out a number of other 
studies that show pot might not be as bad as 
the better-understood effects of alcohol on 
driving. 
‘‘Many studies, using a variety of methods, 
have attempted to estimate the risk of driv-
ing after use of marijuana,’’ the NHTSA re-
port noted. ‘‘While useful in identifying how 
marijuana affects the performance of driving 
tasks, experimental and observational stud-
ies do not lend themselves to predicting real- 
world crash risk.’’ 
Finding THC isn’t so difficult. Making any 
kind of universally accepted determination 
from the results, however, seems to freeze 
the legal world in its tracks. 
‘‘Testing for THC in whole blood isn’t actu-
ally that hard,’’ Urfer said. ‘‘Where the issue 
comes is with interpretation and roadside 
testing.’’ 
Some widely cited studies have offered dif-
fering information about the impact of mari-
juana on driving. And not all sides agree 
which studies are right and which are not. 
In 2012, a medical study published in Clin-
ical Chemistry journal found ‘‘cannabis 
smoking increases lane weaving and im-
paired cognitive functions,’’ and that certain 
THC concentration levels ‘‘are associated 
with substantial driving impairment, par-
ticularly in occasional smokers.’’ 
Then came a University of Colorado 
study—released in 2014, the year recreational 
sales of the drug were launched in the 
state—that found the proportion of drivers 
involved in fatal crashes who tested positive 
for marijuana use had risen to 10 percent in 
2011, up from 5.9 percent in 2009. 
But in 2015, NHTSA released a study it con-
ducted in Virginia that concluded marijuana 
users had the same chance of crashing as 
sober drivers. At nearly the same time, the 
Washington Traffic Safety Commission said 
it believed marijuana doubles the risk of 
being in a fatal crash. 
Where experts say impairment becomes 
most noted and is most alarming to law en-
forcement because of its prevalence is the 
use of alcohol with marijuana, apparently 
heightening the effects of each. 
In Colorado last year, nearly 36 percent of 
all drivers involved in fatal crashes who test-
ed positive for marijuana use also had con-
sumed alcohol, according to the Colorado 
Department of Transportation. 
‘‘We’re in the infancy with this, and it’s 
very much an unknown since we don’t have 
the data.’’ Greenwood Village Police Chief 
John Jackson said. ‘‘We spent 25 or 30 years 
figuring out where we were are with alcohol, 
and finally got to breathalyzers. There is no 
field test for marijuana yet. You will not 
convince those who believe it’s safer that it’s 
not. It becomes so emotional to the point of 
irrational.’’ 
DIFFERING APPROACHES 
Colorado has established that a THC level 
of 5 ng/mL is enough to charge someone with 
DUI. Unlike alcohol, where a reading of 0.08 
is enough to convict someone of drunken 
driving—known as per se evidence that a 
driver is impaired—THC levels are only con-
sidered as ‘‘permissible inference’’ of impair-
ment. 
That means that despite the level of Delta– 
9 THC found in a driver’s blood, a Colorado 
jury or judge decides whether the driver was 
impaired or not. 
Washington and Montana, unlike Colorado, 
treat the same 5 ng/mL level of THC as if it 
were alcohol, where no other proof of impair-
ment is needed to convict a driver charged 
with DUI. However, 12 states—including Ari-
zona and Utah—have zero-tolerance policies, 
so any detectable amount of THC can lead to 
a conviction. 
In its recent report to Congress, NHTSA 
questioned the THC levels states use to 
charge someone with impaired driving, call-
ing them ‘‘artificial.’’ 
‘‘A number of states have set a THC limit 
. . . indicating that if a suspect’s THC con-
centration is above that level, . . . then the 
suspect is to be considered impaired,’’ the 
agency said in its report. ‘‘This per se limit 
appears to have been based on something 
other than scientific evidence.’’ 
Urfer agreed. 
‘‘Permissible inference is a government-de-
rived number that was part of the discussion 
around legalization.’’ said Urfer, who spoke 
before the committees that prepared for 
Amendment 64, the voter initiative that le-
galized recreational marijuana use in Colo-
rado. ‘‘I’ve always said 5 (ng/mL) was a bad 
number.’’ 
That’s because of how THC works its way 
through a person’s system, Urfer said, noting 
that if a single number had to be used, then 
using none at all makes the best sense ‘‘since 
it’s already illegal to drive when under the 
influence of a drug.’’ 
‘‘Impairment drops off over the next two to 
four hours,’’ she said of marijuana use. ‘‘The 
levels of THC drop off astronomically fast. 
But that drop-off in blood is distributing 
into the brain and the muscles of the body. 
And impairment comes from the brain.’’ 
That means blood levels of THC are prob-
ably far lower at the time a test is done than 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00025
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A01AP7.014
H01APPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE
--

 -Page 24-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4102 
April 1, 2022 
at the time of a crash or other traffic infrac-
tion. Yet, the THC is still in the driver’s sys-
tem—just not in their blood. That’s led law-
yers and others to contend that someone 
isn’t actually impaired if their THC level is 
below 5 ng/mL. 
‘‘The public is misinterpreting the state-
ment that you can’t tell if someone’s high 
because of the THC level,’’ Urfer said. ‘‘You 
can’t directly correlate a number to impair-
ment. The blood level for THC does not rep-
resent the same as alcohol does.’’ 
THC levels hit their peak nearly instanta-
neously at the time someone uses marijuana 
and dissipate very quickly. What’s detected 
in the blood is typically much lower than it 
had been at the time of use, especially when 
a sample is taken long after a crash occurs. 
‘‘The level in the blood is dropping, but the 
level in the brain is not,’’ Urfer said. ‘‘The 
high is caused by the level in the brain, not 
in the blood. And no one has published a 
study that says it’s safe to drive high.’’ 
As expected, there has been strong push- 
back from the marijuana industry, which 
says the only thing understood about THC 
levels is that very little is understood. 
‘‘There needs to be better understanding 
about what constitutes impairment,’’ said 
Kristi Kelly, executive director of the Mari-
juana Industry Group, a Colorado trade orga-
nization. ‘‘The science on cannabis metabo-
lism doesn’t support the legal 5 ng/mL limit 
in Colorado, which can be present for days 
and weeks after consumption.’’ 
Roadside testing could be improving, with 
the advent of a saliva test that could bring 
more immediate and reliable information 
about the level of active THC in a person’s 
system. The Colorado State Patrol has been 
using it in preliminary tests to determine its 
reliability. 
‘‘The inference is that at or above 5 (ng/ 
ml.), you’re high, but there should be no in-
ference that below 5 you’re sober,’’ Urfer 
said. ‘‘But people genuinely believe they can 
use an impairing substance, feel high and 
still think they can be safe to drive. They ra-
tionalize: ‘Marijuana is legal. Why can’t I 
drive on it?’ They say it all the time. It’s 
odd.’’ 
[From Bloomberg News, Jan. 24, 2022] 
U.S. GRAPPLES WITH HOW TO GAUGE JUST 
HOW HIGH CANNABIS USERS ARE 
(By Tiffany Kary) 
IMPAIRMENT TESTS ARE BECOMING BIG 
BUSINESS 
‘‘Walk a straight line’’ isn’t going to cut it 
anymore as police and employers grapple 
with growing use of marijuana. 
Earlier this month, a study in a peer-re-
viewed journal became the latest sign that 
there’s a paradigm shift going on in the nas-
cent business of detecting impairment levels. 
The article, which appeared Neuropsycho-
pharmacology, showed that an imaging tech-
nique can detect cannabis impairment with 
76% accuracy. That’s better than the 68% ac-
curacy of field tests that employ traditional 
law enforcement protocols such as walking a 
straight line and examining a subject’s pu-
pils. 
The technique, called functional near-in-
frared spectroscopy, measures changes in the 
prefrontal cortex of the brain. It shows that 
impaired brains look different than non-im-
paired brains in a way that doesn’t nec-
essarily correlate with the amount of THC in 
a person’s system. THC detection in saliva or 
on the breath has so far been the main focus 
of tests. The study was carried out on 169 
people at Massachusetts General Hospital, 
which is part of Harvard Medical School. 
The study is a big deal for the cannabis in-
dustry, since the lack of a clear test to gauge 
intoxication has become a stumbling block 
for federal legalization. Though links be-
tween marijuana and accidents have been 
hard to draw due to factors such as the fre-
quent mixing of alcohol with drugs, the 
study estimates that THC, which is the 
psychoactive ingredient in cannabis, at least 
doubles the risk of fatal motor vehicle crash-
es. 
The research arm of the U.S. Department 
of Justice has acknowledged that field sobri-
ety tests and THC levels are unreliable meas-
ures of marijuana intoxication. Methods like 
the ‘‘one-leg stand’’ and ‘‘walk 11d turn’’ 
weren’t affected by marijuana highs, and 
some people had poor functions even when 
their THC levels were low. 
STATES’ EFFORTS 
States have forged ahead nevertheless. Ac-
cording to New Frontier Data, at least five 
opted protocols that set a legal limit for 
driving based on the level of THC in the 
body. That has sparked a lot of interest in 
tests that can actually measure that level— 
a scientific challenge unto itself. 
‘‘Everybody 
wants 
a 
cannabis 
breathalyzer—something like what we have 
for alcohol where you breathe into a device 
and it tells a THC level and whether that 
means you’re impaired or not,’’ said Jodi 
Gilman, an associate professor in psychiatry 
at Harvard Medical School and lead author 
of the imaging study. ‘‘But that’s not how it 
works for cannabis, we need a new para-
digm.’’ 
Companies have been trying to crack the 
stoned-test for a while. Hound Labs, which 
makes a marijuana breathalyzer, said in 
September it had raised $20 million to scale 
its product. Cannabix Technologies, Inc. re-
cently reported it had made headway cre-
ating a more portable device, while Lifeloc 
Techtologies Inc. said it was finalizing the 
platform for a rapid marijuana breathalyzer 
that could be used for roadside testing. 
There are concerns, however, that tests 
based on THC levels may be unfair to those 
their system but aren’t actually impaired. 
This can be the case for some who consumed 
cannabis days ago, or with frequent users 
who’ve built up a tolerance—who may use it 
for medical reasons. 
‘‘You wouldn’t want to penalize that per-
son,’’ Gilman told me. ‘‘What this tech-
nology will do is differentiate impaired from 
not-impaired, which is different than distin-
guishing cannabis from no-cannabis.’’ 
IMPAIRMENT APP 
One company that uses a similar approach 
is Cambridge, Massachusetts-based Impair-
ment Science, which has an app called Druid 
to measure response times and motor skills 
through a series of tests on a screen. The 
methods let the app gauge impairment, re-
gardless of whether the cause was alcohol, 
marijuana, or something else. The company 
aims to raise as much as $1.2 million in seed 
funding, according to Chief Executive Officer 
Robert Schiller. 
Druid is being pitched to construction 
companies, and Impairment Science recently 
struck a deal with Anheuser-Busch InBev 
SA’s Grupo Modelo, which will promote the 
app in an effort to reduce drunk driving in 
the Mexican state of Zacatecas. Schiller said 
the company plans to announce more cor-
porate partnerships in the near future. 
Still, there are no easy solutions. Druid’s 
app requires that people take the test more 
that once in order to gauge impairment com-
pared to a baseline score. The company is re-
searching a product where tests could be 
one-offs, which would appeal to law enforce-
ment. 
The method used by Gilman also has its 
limitations. It relies on an imaging device 
from NirX Medical Technologies, which still 
costs around $40,000. 
For better or worse, the techniques used by 
Gilman’s study and Druid’s app will also 
pick up forms of impairment that arise from 
issues other than marijuana, such as fatigue, 
illness or chronic medical conditions. That 
could be a good thing for public safety—espe-
cially at a time where perception-altering 
drugs like psilocybin are on the rise, and 
other drugs like opiates also create risks in 
driving and high-risk industries—but it 
could create other problems. 
It’s not hard to envision a future where 
people could be taken aside and wired up for 
a quick scan that checks their brain for tell-
tale signs of impairment. Then comes the 
real work: Employers, insurers and police 
will have to figure out what to do with the 
information. 
NUMBER OF THE WEEK 
The number of U.S. states that have zero- 
tolerance laws prohibiting driving with any 
amount of THC or its metabolites in the 
body, according to New Frontier Data. 
QUOTE OF THE WEEK 
‘‘Cannabis definitely impacts areas of the 
brain that affect decision making and im-
pulse control. And that’s very much what 
driving is,’’ said Rebecca Siegel, a clinical 
psychiatrist and author of the book ‘‘The 
Brain on Cannabis: What You Should Know 
About Recreational and Medical Marijuana.’’ 
WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW 
Eleusis, a health-care company focused on 
using psychedelic drugs as medicines, is 
going public through a merger with a blank- 
check firm. 
Thailand plans to remove marijuana from 
its list of controlled substances, paving the 
way to decriminalization. 
Mississippi could be the next state to put a 
cannabis law on the books. 
A New Hampshire court found that a work-
er who was fired after he told his employer 
he started using cannabis when his doctor 
prescribed it for PTSD may have a viable 
claim under state disability bias law. 
Mr. BENTZ. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the distinguished gentle-
woman from Nevada (Ms. TITUS). 
Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, the MORE 
Act is a historic piece of legislation, no 
question about it. It removes criminal 
convictions for marijuana use that 
have stigmatized the lives of thousands 
of individuals in our country, particu-
larly those of color. In addition, trag-
ically, our veterans have been denied 
access to medical marijuana for treat-
ment of pain management and also 
post-traumatic stress syndrome after 
they have offered their lives and put 
their lives in danger for us. 
Supported by public vote, Nevada le-
galized medical marijuana in 2001, de-
criminalized marijuana use in 2017, and 
has shown that regulating marijuana 
works. Most of the other States have 
done the same, so it is time for the Na-
tion to follow suit. 
b 1030 
With the passage of the MORE Act, 
the marijuana industry can become a 
key element of growing and diversi-
fying our economy, creating more good 
jobs, and putting more folks back to 
work as we recover from the pandemic. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on 
the bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:53 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00026
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A01AP7.016
H01APPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 25-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4103 
April 1, 2022 
Mr. BENTZ. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 15 
seconds 
to 
the 
gentlewoman 
from 
Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise in support of H.R. 3617, the Mari-
juana Opportunity Reinvestment and 
Expungement Act of 2021, or the MORE 
Act of 2021. 
I am pleased to support this long-overdue 
measure and encourage my colleagues to do 
the same. 
I am proud to be an original cosponsor of 
the MORE Act, which is an important step in 
our continuing efforts to reform the criminal 
justice system, and I commend our Chairman 
for introducing this bill once again. 
To summarize, the provisions of the MORE 
Act fall into three main categories—federal de-
criminalization, taxation, and expungement. 
First, the bill would remove marijuana, or 
cannabis, from the list—or schedule—of Fed-
erally controlled substances. This means that, 
going forward, individuals could no longer be 
prosecuted, federally, for marijuana offenses. 
This does not mean that marijuana would now 
be legal throughout the United States—the bill 
would simply remove the Federal government 
from the business of prosecuting marijuana 
cases and would leave the question of legality 
to the individual States. 
Those states choosing to decriminalize can 
do so, without ongoing interference from the 
Federal government, and those states that 
choose to continue to make marijuana illegal 
can continue to do so, as well. 
Second, the bill would establish a taxation 
structure to collect a sales tax on marijuana, 
which, over the course of five years would in-
crease from five to eight percent. The funds 
collected from this tax would be used to estab-
lish a trust fund to reinvest in communities 
ravaged by the War on Drugs, particularly 
communities of color. 
The trust fund would be used for rehabilita-
tion and reentry programs in the Department 
of Justice and for programs in the Small Busi-
ness Administration to ensure that participants 
in the burgeoning marijuana market are di-
verse and provide opportunities for entrepre-
neurship in communities that have been ad-
versely impacted by the War on Drugs. 
Finally, the bill would expunge and seal 
Federal marijuana arrests and convictions and 
resentence 
offenders, 
as 
appropriate—a 
much-needed measure of this bill to attempt to 
undo some of the damage done to black and 
brown communities by decades of unjust en-
forcement. 
Thousands of men and women have suf-
fered needlessly from the federal criminaliza-
tion of marijuana, particularly in communities 
of color, and have borne the burden of collat-
eral consequences that have damaged our so-
ciety across generations, such as the denial of 
affordable housing, educational opportunities, 
and employment. 
The laws enacted for the purpose of perpet-
uating the ‘‘War on Drugs’’ have led America 
to imprison more people than any other coun-
try. 
Expunging and sealing the arrest and con-
viction records of people affected by the can-
nabis laws would remove barriers that helped 
create a permanent second-class status for 
millions of Americans. 
Our outdated federal laws and policies un-
wisely require scarce law enforcement re-
sources to be expended on cannabis offenses 
while conflicting with many states’ laws re-
garding cannabis. 
Cannabis does not fit the definition of a 
Schedule One drug and federal law must be 
updated to reflect this reality—just as most 
states have already begun to do. 
Public support for legalization has surged. 
Thirty-seven states, the District of Columbia, 
Puerto Rico, and Guam have adopted laws al-
lowing legal access to cannabis. And eighteen 
states, the District of Columbia, and the North-
ern Mariana Islands have adopted laws for le-
galizing cannabis for adult recreational use. 
A total of 47 States have reformed their 
laws in one form or another pertaining to can-
nabis, despite its continued Federal criminal-
ization. 
The State legal-cannabis industry already 
employs almost a quarter of a million people, 
and the federal government needs to get out 
of the way of state-level decision making. 
We need to open the door to research, 
therapeutic treatment for veterans, better 
banking and tax laws, and we need to help 
fuel economic growth within the industry. 
We need to do all of this without continuing 
to spend federal resources on criminalization 
and unjust incarceration for marijuana of-
fenses. Congress needs to pass the MORE 
Act. 
That is why I support passage of this bill 
today and ask my colleagues to do so, as 
well. 
I thank our Chairman JERRY NADLER, Con-
gresswoman BARBARA LEE, and Congressman 
EARL BLUMENAUER for their commitment to this 
potentially life-changing bill. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
include in the RECORD Health Affairs’ 
‘‘Culture of Health,’’ which shows the 
importance of cannabis liberalization 
policy, and a letter from all of these in-
dividuals, religious groups, and the 
Center for American Progress. 
[From HealthAffairs, July 2021] 
CANNABIS LIBERALIZATION IN THE US: THE 
POLICY LANDSCAPE 
The cannabis—or marijuana—policy land-
scape has shifted rapidly in past decades, 
with increasing numbers of states decrimi-
nalizing cannabis possession and legalizing 
its medical and recreational uses. Yet under 
federal law, cannabis remains prohibited be-
cause of the potential for drug misuse and 
negative health consequences. This dis-
connect between federal and state law has al-
lowed a for-profit commercial industry to 
flourish in many states, absent consistent 
regulation to ensure product safety. Increas-
ing cannabis accessibility in the states thus 
raises important public health concerns 
while expanding certain therapeutic oppor-
tunities. A second Health Affairs Health Pol-
icy Brief accompanying this one explores the 
health effects of cannabis legalization. It is 
also important to understand the framework 
of policies governing legal cannabis markets, 
as each policy category likely has differen-
tial impacts on health benefits and harms as-
sociated with canna-bis use and inconsist-
encies across jurisdictions have important 
population health implications. 
FEDERAL CANNABIS POLICY 
The US federal government began taxing 
cannabis production and sales by enacting 
the Marihuana Tax Act of 1937 only after 
most states had prohibited the substance. In 
1970, this law was replaced by the Controlled 
Substances Act, which designates marijuana 
as a Schedule I substance considered to have 
high abuse potential and no accepted med-
ical use. Under federal law, the production, 
sale. possession. and distribution of cannabis 
can carry fines and prison time. 
During the Obama administration, the fed-
eral government relaxed its enforcement of 
cannabis-related crimes. In a series of execu-
tive actions, culminating in the 2013 Cole 
memorandum, the Department of Justice 
deprioritized prosecution of federal cannabis 
crimes in states where these activities were 
legal and robustly regulated. First passed in 
2014, the Rohrabacher-Farr Amendment pro-
hibited the use of federal funds to prosecute 
medical cannabis-related activities permis-
sible under state law. 
Other recent federal actions have further 
facilitated access to cannabis plant deriva-
tives. although these differ from the botan-
ical products and simple extracts that tend 
to dominate state cannabis markets. The 
Food and Drug Administration (FDA) ap-
proved several synthetic tetrahydrocanna-
binol (THC) products in 1985 and 2016. each of 
which was placed on a higher controlled sub-
stance schedule than cannabis. The 2018 
Farm Bill legalized hemp, a substance ex-
tracted from the cannabis plant that con-
tains only 0.3 percent THC. Also in 2018. the 
Drug 
Enforcement 
Administration 
des-
ignated 
FDA-approved 
cannabis-derived 
cannabidiol (CBD) products containing no 
more than 0.1 percent THC as Schedule V 
substances. 
Under this authority, the FDA approved 
the first CBD product, Epidiolex, to treat 
childhood seizures. 
EVOLUTION OF THE STATE POLICY LANDSCAPE 
Public support for the legalization of can-
nabis use in the US rose from 12 percent to 
66 percent between 1969 and 2019. Concur-
rently, states liberalized their approaches to 
cannabis markets. Four central policy cat-
egories have evolved: prohibition, decrimi-
nalization, medical legalization, and rec-
reational (also known as adult use) legaliza-
tion. Decriminalization regimes were gen-
erally adopted first (in the 1970s–1980s, with a 
resurgence in the 2010s). Decriminalization 
laws were later complemented by medical le-
galization or replaced by recreational legal-
ization. Exhibit 1 shows the current status of 
these four policies, and exhibit 2 depicts 
state adoption of legalization policies for 
medical and recreational cannabis since 1996. 
Prohibition 
States began prohibiting cannabis cultiva-
tion, distribution, and possession in the 
early twentieth century. By 1937, every state 
had some form of cannabis legislation, often 
motivated by concerns (largely unsubstan-
tiated by scientific evidence at the time) 
that cannabis products were psychologically 
addictive, produced insanity, and motivated 
crime. Although liberalization policies have 
largely replaced prohibitions, two states— 
Idaho and Kansas—still ban cannabis in all 
forms and assign criminal penalties for the 
possession of even small amounts. Another 
ten states permit the use of ‘‘low-THC, high- 
CBD’’ products but maintain prohibitions 
and criminal penalties for all other cannabis 
activities (included in the ‘‘prohibition’’ cat-
egory in exhibit 1). 
Decriminalization 
Decriminalization is the repeal of criminal 
penalties associated with cannabis posses-
sion for personal use and casual exchange 
(that is, not sales). ‘‘Depenalization’’ policies 
that lower these penalties without removing 
them do not qualify as decriminalization re-
gimes. Decriminalization also differs from 
the nonenforcement policies adopted in sev-
eral US cities, where enforcement of low- 
level 
cannabis-involved 
offenses 
is 
deprioritized. Decriminalization falls short 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:53 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00027
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K01AP7.021
H01APPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 26-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4104 
April 1, 2022 
of legalization because it still prohibits and 
criminally penalizes cannabis cultivation, 
production, and sales and maintains civil 
penalties for possessing cannabis. Since the 
1970s, states have increasingly adopted de-
criminalization policies. By 2020, sixteen 
states had such a policy (exhibit 1). The laws 
vary along several dimensions, including the 
levels of civil fines, penalties for repeat of-
fenses, and threshold amounts of cannabis 
that are exempt from criminal penalties. 
Medical Cannabis Legalization 
Medical cannabis laws typically permit pa-
tients with ‘‘qualifying conditions’’ certified 
by a medical professional to purchase can-
nabis at dispensaries operating within the 
state. Medical cannabis laws differ from low- 
THC and high-CBD laws, which only legalize 
the supply and use of cannabis products with 
low THC content. The most common quali-
fying condition for which medical users can 
be certified is chronic pain, although states 
regularly add conditions to their lists. Since 
California passed the first medical cannabis 
law in 1996, the number of jurisdictions 
adopting such programs has grown steadily 
(exhibit 2). Today, more than two-thirds of 
Americans live in one of the thirty-six states 
and four territories that have approved med-
ical cannabis use (exhibit 1). 
The first medical cannabis laws passed 
(1996–2000) were vague and defined medical 
use broadly. Although laws passed between 
2000 and 2009 offered more regulatory guid-
ance over the legal supply chain, laws passed 
or modified in more recent years (2009–17) 
feature more comprehensive regulatory pro-
grams that prioritize product safety. Still, 
the vast majority of participants in medical 
cannabis programs are in what are consid-
ered ‘‘nonmedicalized programs,’’ which lack 
components consistent with evidence-based 
medicine and pharmaceutical regulation (for 
example, testing and labeling) and are large-
ly divorced from medical practice. Ways in 
which current laws differ from each other in-
clude the qualifying conditions approved, 
channels of access {dispensaries, collective 
versus home cultivation, and so on), reg-
istration card renewal requirements, and use 
by patients from other states. 
Recreational Cannabis Legalization 
Recreational cannabis laws remove the 
criminal and civil penalties associated with 
supply or possession of the substance by 
adults ages twenty-one and older. These laws 
typically allow individuals to grow four to 
six cannabis plants and limit possession and 
purchase to one to two ounces; most also im-
pose at least a 10 percent retail excise tax on 
sales. Most states with recreational laws 
prohibit the use of cannabis while operating 
a motor vehicle, although four states have 
specific per se THC limits while driving. 
Legalization of recreational use is a rel-
atively new phenomenon. In 2012, Colorado 
and Washington were the first jurisdictions 
globally to allow adult cultivation and pos-
session of cannabis. In 2020, fifteen states 
and Washington, DC, had laws that legalize 
adult cannabis supply and possession in some 
form (exhibit 1), resulting in more than one- 
third of the US population having legal ac-
cess to the substance. With the exception of 
Illinois 
and 
Vermont, 
all 
laws 
passed 
through 2020 have advanced via ballot meas-
ures rather than through the legislature. 
States have choices in their recreational 
cannabis regulatory regimes. Most states 
have opted for a commercial model, wherein 
private industry is allowed to produce, sup-
ply, and sell cannabis subject to regulation 
at the state and sometimes local levels. 
Washington, D.C., uniquely does not allow 
for commercial production or retail sale but, 
rather, permits only small amounts of can-
nabis for personal possession, use, and cul-
tivation. Although Vermont originally pro-
hibited commercial sale, the state author-
ized the establishment of a commercial re-
tail market in October 2020. Factors that can 
vary within commercial regimes include how 
producers and suppliers are regulated, the 
types of products that may be distributed, 
taxes, prices, marketing restrictions, and 
ways in which products can be used or per-
sonally cultivated. 
States that enacted recreational legaliza-
tion laws saw declines in adult cannabis-re-
lated arrests, although racial disparities in 
those arrests persist. Some cannabis policies, 
including the 2021 New Mexico, New York, 
and Virginia legalization initiatives, incor-
porate reforms to address harms experienced 
by communities disproportionately affected 
by cannabis criminalization. Some laws in-
clude provisions to expunge or pardon can-
nabis-related minor offenses Other states 
have initiated programs to increase minority 
participation in the legal market. Some ju-
risdictions have earmarked tax revenue gen-
erated 
from 
cannabis 
sales 
to 
support 
socioeconomically 
disadvantaged 
commu-
nities. 
POLICY CHALLENGES AND OPPORTUNITIES 
Limited national regulation of cannabis, 
the persistent divide between national and 
state policy, and the growth of state can-
nabis markets present numerous challenges 
for population health, in part because the 
safety of many cannabis products is uncer-
tain and varies from state to state. A dearth 
of federal regulation around cannabis prod-
ucts has resulted in an unevenly regulated 
for-profit industry that generates high prof-
its and maintains substantial control over 
marketing, promotion, and products sup-
plied. 
Cannabis’s Schedule I designation under 
federal law poses additional challenges. It 
hinders the research into the safety and ad-
verse effects of cannabis-based products that 
would be required for FDA approval. It also 
restricts cannabis supplied for clinical trials 
to that which comes from federal sources, 
which fails to reflect the potency and type of 
products actually marketed in the states, al-
though the Drug Enforcement Administra-
tion is poised to approve several manufactur-
ers’ applications to cultivate marijuana for 
research needs. Institutions for higher edu-
cation may be reluctant to allow cannabis to 
be used in research on their campuses for 
fear of losing federal funding. Cannabis con-
sumers remain uncertain over the stability 
of their supply chain and risks that they 
may be prosecuted under federal law or be-
come ineligible for federal benefits. Finally, 
cannabis cultivators and distributors face 
barriers accessing financial services, given 
that the banking industry is subject to fed-
eral laws, resulting in an inability to design 
investment and growth strategies that could 
enhance the legitimacy of the industry and 
safety of the products. 
The lack of comprehensive, consistent 
oversight of cannabis products and the dis-
connect between federal and state policy 
suggest a number of important consider-
ations for policy makers. 
Enhanced Federal Oversight of Product Safety 
and Development 
Several options exist to improve federal 
oversight of cannabis markets and products 
and to better align national and state poli-
cies. Modifying cannabis’s classification in 
the Controlled Substances Act would facili-
tate enhanced product safety research at the 
federal and state levels, relax consumer and 
industry fears of criminal prosecution, and 
facilitate legitimate financial transactions 
for cannabis companies. It also would pro-
vide federal policy makers with additional 
regulatory controls, such as premarketing 
approval, which is currently unavailable for 
substances designated as Schedule I, and 
would acknowledge cannabis’s medical bene-
fits This modification could be accomplished 
by amending the Controlled Substances Act 
to remove cannabis from Schedule I and 
moving it to a higher schedule; descheduling 
cannabis altogether, but having it meet the 
threshold for FDA oversight, similar to nico-
tine and tobacco products; or creating a new 
schedule for cannabis that distinguishes it 
from other Schedule I substances. The Med-
ical Marijuana Research Act recently ap-
proved by the US House of Representatives 
promotes cannabis research by allowing sci-
entists to access cannabis from state-level 
dispensaries. Federal policy makers could 
also further facilitate state regulation of 
cannabis supply by passing legislation that 
restricts federal prosecutorial interference 
with state cannabis markets. 
Notwithstanding the above changes, the 
FDA already possesses some regulatory pow-
ers to enhance the safety of cannabis prod-
ucts. Under the Food, Drug, and Cosmetic 
Act of 1938 and Section 351 of the Public 
Health Service Act as affirmed in the 2018 
Farm Bill, the FDA can regulate cannabis- 
containing and cannabis-derived compounds. 
Under this authority, the FDA has taken 
particular interest in overseeing the science 
and safety of CBD products. Of concern are 
health claims made by some cannabis prod-
uct manufacturers and the introduction of 
foods containing THC or CBD into interstate 
commerce—both of which are areas under 
FDA jurisdiction. The agency could take 
more aggressive action than issuing warning 
letters to questionable (CBD-related com-
mercial practices and could extend the rigor 
of its investigations into THC products. For 
example, it could limit the allowable THC 
content, which is concerningly high in many 
cannabis products and is capable of inducing 
dependence or cannabis use disorder. 
State Strategies for Overseeing Cannabis Prod-
uct Safety 
Without changes in the federal regulatory 
architecture or enhanced FDA oversight, 
states that move forward with legalization 
must carefully consider how to safely over-
see cannabis markets. 
Medical and recreational legalization have 
encouraged a proliferation of product forms. 
Data from early recreationally legalized 
states suggest that although the flower of 
the plant still accounts for the largest pro-
portion of the market, heterogeneous ex-
tracts for inhalation are the fastest-growing 
market segment. Cannabis products vary not 
only in form but also in the potency of THC, 
CBD, and other cannabinoids, as well as in 
the types and amounts of pesticides and 
other impurities. Cannabis food and drink 
products pose unique regulatory challenges. 
The health risks associated with edibles, in-
cluding for minors, likely result from mini-
mal consistency across products relating to 
potency, inaccurate labeling, and the fact 
that many edibles contain multiple servings 
of the advised THC dose. Further, users may 
fail to appreciate the delayed effects of in-
gestion compared with inhalation. 
State legalization provides an opportunity 
for enhanced regulatory oversight that can 
improve the safety of legal cannabis prod-
ucts and limit the health risks and other 
risks associated with the illegal market-
place. Policy makers can consider ways to 
align legal cannabis markets with public 
health strategies gleaned from tobacco and 
alcohol, such as minimizing youth adver-
tising exposure, restricting sale and mar-
keting locations, and requiring childproof 
packaging. Frameworks could also consider 
medical and recreational legalization re-
gimes that adopt safety standards, for in-
stance, by limiting the concentration of THC 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00028
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A01AP7.026
H01APPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 27-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4105 
April 1, 2022 
in products to levels not associated with de-
pendence. 
Standards for Medical Training 
Despite the increasing prevalence of can-
nabis use in states with and without legal-
ization, many physicians do not receive 
training on the potential health benefits and 
harms of medical and recreational cannabis. 
To address this gap, states could mandate 
that state-licensed physicians complete con-
tinuing medical education credits on medical 
cannabis use before certifying patients for 
medical 
cannabis 
registration. 
Medical 
schools and residency programs could also 
design coursework on the biochemical ef-
fects, clinical relevance, and legal evolution 
of cannabis policy. These education activi-
ties could be regularly updated with emerg-
ing evidence on the health effects of can-
nabis. Outreach could extend to patients and 
the public to inform them of the evidence- 
based therapeutic uses of cannabis. All such 
training would be better informed by en-
hanced research, as discussed above. 
Considerations for Criminal Justice and Racial 
Equity 
As 
cannabis 
liberalization 
progresses 
throughout the country, states must address 
the collateral consequences of cannabis-re-
lated criminal justice contact. Although 
states with legalization and, to a lesser de-
gree, decriminalization regimes have experi-
enced overall declines in arrests for cannabis 
across racial groups, disparities in arrests 
across races remain notable. Although can-
nabis-related arrests decreased by 18 percent 
during the past decade, a Black person is 
still nearly four times more likely to be ar-
rested for cannabis possession than a White 
person. 
Cannabis policy reforms that aim to ad-
dress criminal justice and social disparities 
warrant consideration. Cumbersome and ex-
pensive expungement processes, significant 
entry obstacles associated with the legal 
market, and declines in price that in turn re-
duce funds earmarked for community pro-
grams threaten initiatives that address 
harms produced by cannabis criminalization. 
As states begin to implement social equity 
measures, they should carefully assess which 
communities have been disproportionately 
harmed by cannabis prohibition; how to en-
courage equitable, sustainable participation 
in the cannabis industry—including training 
and business support; and how earmarked 
cannabis revenue will be disseminated to eq-
uity-enhancing initiatives. 
CONCLUSION 
Cannabis policy liberalization provides op-
portunities for therapeutic benefit but also 
presents the potential for health harms, the 
full consequences of which remain unknown, 
given the nascency of the research and in-
consistency in findings (see the accom-
panying Health Affairs Health Policy Brief) 
For policy makers considering reforms, pol-
icy choices extend beyond blunt categories 
of prohibition, decriminalization, medical le-
galization, and recreational legalization and 
involve decisions related to the panoply of 
regulatory provisions that govern legal and 
illegal cannabis. The specifics of how to im-
plement and enforce cannabis policy and reg-
ulation are important to health, and re-
searchers should endeavor to evaluate these 
nuances as well as the broader policy cat-
egories. Some states have included within 
their legalization initiatives provisions re-
quiring policy evaluation. For example, 
Washington State earmarked cannabis tax 
revenue to fund a continuous cannabis re-
search program. Other states, including 
Vermont and New York, reviewed the poten-
tial impacts of regulating a recreational can-
nabis supply chain before policy reform. 
More efforts such as these will help to un-
pack 
the 
independent 
and 
comparative 
health harms and benefits of various can-
nabis policy regimes and regulatory ap-
proaches. 
MARCH 1, 2022. 
Speaker NANCY PELOSI, 
Washington, DC. 
House Majority Leader STENY HOYER, 
Washington, DC. 
Re Bring the MORE Act to the House Floor 
for a Vote 
DEAR SPEAKER PELOSI AND MAJORITY LEAD-
ER HOYER: We, the undersigned criminal jus-
tice, civil rights, drug policy, labor and advo-
cacy organizations who make up the Mari-
juana Justice Coalition, write today to urge 
you to swiftly bring to the House floor the 
Marijuana Opportunity Reinvestment and 
Expungement (MORE) Act of 2021 (H.R. 3617). 
This legislation would end federal marijuana 
prohibition, 
address 
the 
collateral 
con-
sequences of federal marijuana criminaliza-
tion, and take steps to ensure the legal mar-
ketplace is diverse and inclusive. 
This historic legislation first passed the 
House in December of 2020 with a bipartisan 
vote of 228–164 but was not considered by the 
Senate prior to the close of the 116th Con-
gress. Given that nearly every minute one 
person in this country is arrested for a minor 
marijuana crime, the public deserves to 
know if members of the 117th Congress stand 
on the side of justice and against the out-
dated and cruel policy of prohibition and 
criminalization of marijuana. 
Mass criminalization and over-enforce-
ment of drug law violations have devastated 
the social and economic fabrics of entire 
communities, while also tearing apart the 
lives of millions of individuals and families. 
And while Black, Latino, and Indigenous 
people have carried the brunt of marijuana 
criminalization, they have been shut out of 
the regulated marijuana marketplace due to 
these very same criminal records in addition 
to financial barriers to entry. 
The MORE Act seeks to solve these prob-
lems through a comprehensive approach. The 
bill would declassify marijuana as a con-
trolled substance under federal law, expunge 
marijuana convictions, and reduce mari-
juana sentences. The Congressional Budget 
Office estimates that the MORE Act would 
have reduced time served by 73,000 person- 
years, over the 2021–2030 period, among exist-
ing and future incarcerated individuals. The 
bill, after solving the industry’s 280E tax 
issue, would also place a minor initial five 
percent federal excise tax on marijuana sales 
at the manufacturer level in order to fund 
services in communities adversely impacted 
by drug prohibition and to build up Small 
Business Administration programming to 
support a more diverse and inclusive mar-
ketplace with local ownership. 
The previous House vote on the MORE Act 
came on the heels of an election where five 
states—Montana, Arizona, South Dakota, 
Mississippi, and New Jersey—had marijuana 
reform on the ballot and each voted to loos-
en their marijuana laws. Since then, even 
more states have chosen to reform their 
marijuana laws. More recently, Connecticut, 
New York, New Mexico, and Virginia passed 
marijuana legalization bills rooted in social 
justice bringing the total number of states 
that have legalized adult-use of marijuana to 
18, in addition to the District of Columbia, 
while 37 states and the District of Columbia 
have legalized medical marijuana, most re-
cently Mississippi earlier this year. 
A recent Pew Research poll shows that a 
record number of U.S. adults—91 percent— 
now support marijuana legalization for med-
ical or adult use, a policy that is only 
achievable by removing the substance from 
the Controlled Substances Act as the MORE 
Act does. In short, the resounding shift in 
favor of marijuana reform demonstrates 
what we have been saying: marijuana justice 
is a winning issue and it is long past time for 
the federal government to catch up. 
The time to end federal prohibition is long 
overdue. We urge you bring the MORE Act to 
the House floor in March. For more informa-
tion or to address any questions you may 
have, please contact Maritza Perez, Director 
of the Office of National Affairs of the Drug 
Policy Alliance and convener of the Mari-
juana Justice Coalition. 
Sincerely, 
American Civil Liberties Union; The BOWL 
PAC; Center for American Progress; The 
Center for Law and Social Policy (CLASP); 
Clergy for a New Drug Policy; Doctors for 
Cannabis Regulation; Drug Policy Alliance; 
Human Rights Watch; Immigrant Defense 
Project; Immigrant Legal Resource Center 
JustLeadershipUSA; 
Lawyers’ 
Committee 
for Civil Rights Under Law; The Leadership 
Conference on Civil & Human Rights; Mi-
norities 
for 
Medical 
Marijuana, 
Inc.; 
MoveOn; National Immigration Project of 
the National Lawyers Guild; National Orga-
nization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws; 
National Urban League; Students for Sen-
sible Drug Policy; United Food and Commer-
cial Workers International Union; Veterans 
Cannabis Coalition. 
Mr. BENTZ. I am prepared to close, 
and I reserve the balance of my time, 
Mr. Speaker. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I am pre-
pared to close. 
Mr. BENTZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill, as I mentioned 
previously, fails to appropriately fund 
the police in all the States that will be 
facing the challenges that we face in 
Oregon. 
This is not a question of money. The 
bill, as drawn, will be raising literally 
billions of dollars at 8 percent tax over 
the next how many years—billions. 
Somehow, some of that money has to 
make its way into law enforcement. 
Without law enforcement, Mr. Speak-
er, you will see situations like we have 
in southern Oregon replicated across 
the Nation, regardless of the optimistic 
thought that somehow the cartels no 
longer have the monopoly and, there-
fore, will go away. That is not going to 
be the case as long as there is a higher 
price. In many cases, it is going to be 
a much higher price for legally pro-
duced marijuana. 
The bill fails to address impairment. 
My friends, many of them in the law 
enforcement 
space, 
including 
my 
brother, a former county sheriff, have 
said this is a huge problem where we 
don’t know when people are driving im-
paired. Studies are ongoing. 
Why are we broadening this problem 
when we don’t know how to charge 
those who are driving under the influ-
ence? 
Of course, as we have heard, it fails 
to address the ever-increasing potency 
of the drug. It fails to address the age 
at which marijuana can be legally 
used. 
What is that about? We know this 
drug 
adversely 
affects 
particularly 
young men’s brain development all the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:53 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00029
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A01AP7.027
H01APPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE
--

 -Page 28-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4106 
April 1, 2022 
way up to age 26, yet this bill says 
nothing about it. 
It fails to address the differences be-
tween marijuana and hemp. Some 
would say, well, that is such a small 
issue. It is a huge issue. It is a huge 
issue, and it needs to be addressed. 
This bill is the proper vehicle to ad-
dress these issues. I see that there are 
some amendments being brought which 
perhaps will at least go partially in 
that direction. But the bill itself and 
the legalization are premature, given 
the nature of those amendments. 
This is an untimely and incomplete 
bill. Its greatest failure is in not recog-
nizing and addressing the damage the 
drug will do to our kids and our com-
munities. 
Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge a ‘‘no’’ 
vote, and I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
Mr. 
Speaker, 
last 
Congress, 
the 
House voted, on a bipartisan basis, to 
address this issue. Unfortunately, the 
Senate failed to act, so I am pleased 
that we are moving forward again 
today. 
Over the past two decades, public 
support for legalizing marijuana has 
surged. States have led the way and 
continue to lead the way on marijuana 
reform, but our Federal laws have not 
kept pace with the obvious need for 
change. It is time for the Federal Gov-
ernment to catch up, to do what is 
right. 
The MORE Act would treat mari-
juana as a public health issue rather 
than a criminal matter and would 
begin to rectify the heavy toll that 
criminalization has taken, particularly 
on communities of color and low-in-
come communities. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support this legislation, and I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
strong support of the MORE Act, and urge my 
colleagues—on both sides of the aisle—to 
support this important and comprehensive 
cannabis reform legislation. It tackles inequi-
ties and historic criminalization associated with 
cannabis. 
The MORE Act will begin the long-overdue 
effort to undo the damage to families and 
communities across our nation that has been 
caused by misguided and ineffective federal 
drug polices related to cannabis. It will finally 
establish a safe and well-regulated interstate 
marketplace for cannabis. 
It is vitally important that at the federal level 
we finally recognize and invite this economic 
engine of job creation into the mainstream of 
our economy and workforce development. The 
vast majority of Americans support this long 
overdue change, and voters in many states in-
cluding my home state of California have al-
ready taken action to legalize cannabis at the 
state level. It is time that we end this sense-
less and impactful disconnect between state 
and federal law. 
I also want to bring my colleagues’ attention 
to one outstanding issue as this legislation 
moves 
forward. 
California’s 
farmers 
are 
among the most productive and innovative in 
the world. Not surprisingly, that is the case 
with our cannabis farmers too, including those 
in my congressional district. Unfortunately, 
cannabis farmers are in the same legal limbo 
as everyone else in the industry because 
there are grey areas in the law that need to 
be resolved: they can’t enroll in crop insurance 
programs, they can’t receive an official ‘‘or-
ganic’’ designation, and they can’t access 
USDA programs and support. Yet cannabis 
cultivation is not significantly different from 
farming strawberries, wine grapes, cut flowers, 
vegetables, and other crops grown in my dis-
trict and state. I am hopeful that as we work 
with the Senate on comprehensive cannabis 
reform, we can provide clear statutory direc-
tion to bring USDA into this conversation as 
well and eliminate this remaining area of ambi-
guity for the farmers in my state. 
Once again, I urge a yes vote on this bill. 
Mr. OWENS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
raise 
safety 
concerns 
that 
remain 
unaddressed in H.R. 3617, the Marijuana Re-
investment and Expungement Act—known as 
the MORE Act. I believe there are serious 
safety concerns to be addressed prior to this 
chamber advancing this legislation. 
According to recent data, the safety impacts 
of cannabis legalization for adult recreational 
use should not be ignored. 
A 2020 AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety 
study analyzed the impacts of legal adult rec-
reational use of cannabis in Washington state. 
The AAA study concluded that the proportion 
of fatal-crash-involved drivers who were THC- 
positive approximately doubled from the level 
observed before the law went into effect. 
Moreover, a series of studies conducted by 
the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety 
(IIHS) found that crash rates increased in 
some of my neighboring states and others 
after they legalized marijuana. California, Col-
orado, Nevada, and Oregon, specifically, were 
the subjects of the IIHS evaluation. 
Marijuana use impacts the psycho-motor 
skills of the people who use it, often resulting 
in slowed responses. As seen by these earlier 
data, this impacts how we drive, overall safety 
on our roadways, and may have other safety 
impacts as we relax the laws around can-
nabis. I have serious safety concerns, and I 
would like to see these issues addressed 
more directly before I can consider supporting 
such legislation. To this end, I am developing 
my own legislation to look at this issue in 
workplaces to ensure safe, impairment free 
operations, and I look forward to working with 
my colleagues to see it enacted. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate has expired. 
Each further amendment printed in 
part B of House Report 117–285 shall be 
considered only in the order printed in 
the report, may be offered only by a 
Member designated in the report, shall 
be considered as read, shall be debat-
able for the time specified in the report 
equally divided and controlled by the 
proponent and an opponent, may be 
withdrawn by the proponent at any 
time before the question is put there-
on, shall not be subject to amendment, 
and shall not be subject to a demand 
for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO. 1 OFFERED BY MR. GOTTHEIMER 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is now 
in order to consider amendment No. 1 
printed in part B of House Report 117– 
285. 
Mr. GOTTHEIMER. Mr. Speaker, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
SEC. 16. STUDY ON MARIJUANA IMPAIRMENT. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the 
Secretary of Transportation shall conduct a 
study on technologies and methods that law 
enforcement may use to determine whether a 
driver is impaired by marijuana. 
(b) REQUIREMENTS.—The study conducted 
under subsection (a) shall be carried out by 
the National Highway Traffic Safety Admin-
istration, in consultation with any other 
agency the Secretary determines appro-
priate. 
(c) AUTHORIZATION
OF
APPROPRIATIONS.— 
There is authorized to be appropriated 
$10,000,000 to carry out this section. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 1017, the gen-
tleman 
from 
New 
Jersey 
(Mr. 
GOTTHEIMER) and a Member opposed 
each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New Jersey. 
Mr. GOTTHEIMER. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today about an amendment that I 
think is critically important to this 
legislation. It addresses a topic that I 
am concerned about, and I know many 
are as well, to make sure that law en-
forcement has the tools they need to 
ensure that our roads are safe and that 
when they pull someone over for what-
ever purpose, they are able to actually 
have the tools they need to assess the 
situation. 
My amendment would make sure the 
Secretary of Transportation can con-
duct a study on technology and meth-
ods that law enforcement can use to 
determine whether a driver is impaired 
by marijuana. The study will give the 
National Highway Traffic Safety Ad-
ministration the resources they need 
to conduct this study. 
I think it is important and will make 
this legislation even stronger. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. BENTZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise in op-
position to the amendment. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Oregon is recognized for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. 
BENTZ. 
Mr. 
Speaker, 
this 
amendment would authorize $10 mil-
lion to the National Highway Traffic 
Safety Administration to conduct a 
study on how certain technologies can 
help law enforcement officers detect 
whether a driver is impaired by mari-
juana. 
Impaired driving is a serious issue 
that takes thousands of lives every 
year. Unfortunately, the Democrats 
only want to address this problem after 
they create it. Legalizing marijuana 
will undoubtedly lead to more drivers 
being impaired by marijuana. 
Democrats want to legalize mari-
juana and then provide law enforce-
ment with a study on how they might 
be able to detect drivers impaired by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:53 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00030
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K01AP7.023
H01APPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 29-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4107 
April 1, 2022 
marijuana. Why wouldn’t we start with 
giving law enforcement the resources 
they need? 
This doesn’t make any sense, and the 
lack of support for law enforcement 
from Democrats in this bill shouldn’t 
surprise us. Nowhere in this bill is 
there any funding for law enforcement 
related to marijuana. Let’s fix the ex-
isting problems before making more. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. GOTTHEIMER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman 
from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman for his thoughtful 
amendment, and I thank him for help-
ing to further enhance this bill. 
For clarity’s sake, let me be very 
clear. This bill decriminalizes posses-
sion on the Federal level. All State 
laws and all State law enforcement are 
able to do their job. But let me remind 
you, Mr. Speaker, the President has 
put in an enormous amount of money 
for reducing crime in his budget. 
This legislation is extremely impor-
tant for those of us who recognize the 
key responsibilities on the Nation’s 
highways. That is a Federal responsi-
bility, and the gentleman has offered 
an important amendment to give $10 
million to the National Highway Traf-
fic Safety Administration to find the 
technology to enhance safety on high-
ways. 
The bill also includes a requirement 
that a study should be conducted to un-
derstand the societal impacts of de-
criminalizing marijuana, including the 
impact on juveniles, education, trans-
portation, veterans, employment, and 
many others. 
The gentleman’s amendment, Mr. 
GOTTHEIMER’s, enhances this bill and 
makes it a direct response to the con-
cerns that Americans may have. 
Mr. Speaker, I support the amend-
ment and the underlying bill, and I 
thank the gentleman for clarifying this 
important responsibility. 
Mr. BENTZ. I am prepared to close, 
Mr. Speaker. 
Mr. GOTTHEIMER. Mr. Speaker, I 
want to reinforce what Ms. JACKSON 
LEE said, the importance of making 
sure we invest in safety, which is al-
ways my top priority, and making sure 
that law enforcement has the tools 
they need. 
We invest in law enforcement and en-
sure we have their backs. They take 
care of us every single day. I stand by 
law enforcement, and we will make 
sure they have the resources they need. 
This legislation helps in that effort to 
protect our families and our roads. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. BENTZ. Mr. Speaker, I urge my 
colleagues to oppose this amendment, 
and I yield back the balance of my 
time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 1017, the pre-
vious 
question 
is 
ordered 
on 
the 
amendment offered by the gentleman 
from New Jersey (Mr. GOTTHEIMER). 
The question is on the amendment. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that 
the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. BENTZ. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 3(s) of House Resolution 
8, the yeas and nays are ordered. 
Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, fur-
ther proceedings on this question are 
postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO. 2 OFFERED BY MR. LAMB 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is now 
in order to consider amendment No. 2 
printed in part B of House Report 117– 
285. 
Mr. LAMB. Mr. Speaker, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Add at the end of the bill the following: 
SEC. 16. WORKPLACE IMPACT OF MARIJUANA LE-
GALIZATION STUDY. 
Not later than one year after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the National Insti-
tute for Occupational Safety and Health 
shall— 
(1) conduct a study and submit to Congress 
a report on the impact of the legalization of 
recreational cannabis by States on the work-
place; and 
(2) develop best practices for use by em-
ployers that are transitioning their policies 
related to the use of recreational cannabis, 
prioritizing the development of best prac-
tices for employers engaged in Federal infra-
structure projects, transportation, public 
safety, and national security. 
Add at the end of the bill the following: 
SEC. 17. SCHOOL IMPACT OF MARIJUANA LEGAL-
IZATION STUDY. 
Not later than one year after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Edu-
cation shall— 
(1) conduct a study and submit to Congress 
a report on the impact of the legalization of 
recreational cannabis by States on schools 
and school-aged children; and 
(2) develop best practices for use by edu-
cators and administrators to protect school- 
aged children from any negative impacts of 
such legalization. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 1017, the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. LAMB) 
and a Member opposed each will con-
trol 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. LAMB. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, before I came to Con-
gress, I was a Federal prosecutor in my 
hometown of Pittsburgh, and the big-
gest law enforcement challenges that 
we had then, and really still have 
today, are opioids and gun violence. 
Marijuana just didn’t register in terms 
of the risks that it posed to people on 
a day-to-day basis compared to those 
two things. 
Yet, because of the way the Federal 
criminal laws are written and the way 
that cannabis is placed in schedule I, it 
is very easy for a marijuana offense to 
actually get someone a worse sentence 
than an opioid offense like overpre-
scribing Oxycontin, selling fentanyl, or 
a firearms offense like possession of a 
firearm or shooting at someone. Our 
Federal laws are out of place. 
It is in the spirit of wanting to make 
sure that our law enforcement prior-
ities are focused on the most serious 
crimes and the most violent crimes 
that I can support the removal of can-
nabis from schedule I. 
This bill came up once before in the 
previous Congress under a closed rule 
in which there were not opportunities 
for amendment, so I want to thank the 
leadership and the chairman this time 
around for allowing Members under an 
open rule to make some amendments. 
While I do support the removal of 
cannabis from schedule I, I think, as 
we have heard in the debate today, 
there are many questions about what 
happens the day after that and are we 
being careful enough to ensure that the 
public gets the best possible balance of 
the benefits of taxing and regulating 
cannabis while still protecting children 
and making sure that we have safe and 
efficient workplaces. 
The amendment that I am offering 
here today aims to answer a couple of 
questions. 
Essential 
workers—fire-
fighters, people who operate heavy 
equipment on infrastructure projects, 
people who work in public safety and 
national security—what are we willing 
to tolerate as far as those workers on 
the job site potentially with cannabis 
in their system? 
We need to know how to test for it. 
We need to know what the rules are to 
keep people safe on that job site and, 
most importantly, keep the public safe 
so these people can continue working. 
The same question for schools: What 
are the best practices for schools in a 
world where cannabis is no longer in 
schedule I of the Controlled Substances 
Act; in a world where cannabis could be 
in corner stores that children walk 
past on their way home; in a world 
where school bus drivers or teachers 
may be legally authorized to use can-
nabis in their off time? 
All we are trying to do is answer 
these questions. 
There are some who see problems 
with a change in the law. They see 
challenges, and they shrink from them. 
They say: Let’s keep the status quo the 
same. Let’s not tackle problems. 
What we are trying to do here is do 
the public one better than that. 
There is an ironclad case for remov-
ing cannabis from schedule I and focus-
ing our law enforcement priorities 
where they should be, but we have to 
take steps to make sure that we do this 
in a careful, cautious, and correct man-
ner. 
That is what my amendment offers, 
Mr. Speaker, and I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
b 1045 
Mr. BENTZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise in op-
position to the proposed amendment. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Oregon is recognized for 5 
minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:53 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00031
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K01AP7.025
H01APPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 30-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4108 
April 1, 2022 
Mr. BENTZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
This amendment is a great example 
of how Democrats legislate: Make a 
bunch of drastic changes and then con-
sider the consequences. 
The amendment calls for two studies 
to be conducted, after the enactment of 
the bill, to evaluate how State legisla-
tion on marijuana has impacted those 
States. 
The first study will be conducted by 
the National Institute for Occupational 
Safety and Health on the impact of 
State legalization of recreational mari-
juana on the workplace. The second 
study will be conducted by the Depart-
ment of Education on the impact of le-
galization to schools and school-aged 
children. 
The amendment also requires the De-
partment of Education to develop best 
practices for educators and administra-
tors to protect children from negative 
impacts. 
This amendment recognizes the fact 
that the majority is blindly leading us 
down the path of marijuana legaliza-
tion. The information to be provided by 
these studies would better serve this 
body and the children of America if we 
had it before legalization. 
Last year, the percentage of Amer-
ican employees testing positive for 
drugs hit a two-decade high. This jump 
was driven by an increase in positive 
marijuana tests. 
This amendment is merely window 
dressing on a bad and incomplete bill. 
Rather than tackle the actual problem 
of marijuana abuse at the workplace, 
which 
could 
have 
disastrous 
con-
sequences, Democrats simply want to 
study the issue. 
This amendment is a tacit admission 
that they know this bill is flawed, and 
it is a ploy by the majority to say they 
addressed one of the flaws. 
I fear the information that the stud-
ies will reveal may come too late for 
many if this bill were to become law. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. LAMB. Mr. Speaker, may I in-
quire as to how much time is remain-
ing. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania has 2 min-
utes remaining. The gentleman from 
Oregon has 31⁄2 minutes remaining. 
Mr. LAMB. Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 
seconds 
to 
the 
gentlewoman 
from 
Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, it 
is incredulous when good ideas come to 
the floor that should draw bipartisan 
support—one cannot look, in the old 
country, they say, a gift horse in the 
mouth. 
I thank the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania for recognizing that what we do 
in Washington, what we do for the peo-
ple of this Nation, is to make sure we 
give them good facts. It will be good 
facts if his amendment is assessing a 
very important place in our lives, the 
workplace, or another very important 
place in our lives, schools. 
This legislation, as I indicated, the 
underlying legislation just decriminal-
izes possession. It gives people another 
lifeline. It takes the criminalization 
away from this mounting incarceration 
of people of color. 
I support the gentleman’s amend-
ment and say it is reasonable and good 
law. Let us support that amendment 
and the underlying bill. 
Mr. BENTZ. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. LAMB. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self the balance of my time for closing. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to address one 
point from my colleague from Oregon’s 
side of the debate. 
Today, after the passage of this bill— 
hopefully, with my amendment—we 
will be sending a letter to both depart-
ments addressed by this amendment to 
ask them to begin these studies right 
away. I agree that it is important that 
the public needs this information and 
knowledge. 
Employers, 
workplaces, 
and schools need it as quickly as pos-
sible. 
What I am not sure our colleagues on 
the other side really realize at this mo-
ment is that people are already using 
cannabis. It is very common in all seg-
ments of society and all people with all 
different types of jobs. The place that 
the public has been left in is an overly 
harsh criminal penalty, with very little 
specific guidance to workplaces, em-
ployers, and schools of what they are 
supposed to do in this new world. 
What many of them do is react as 
harshly 
as 
possible, 
matching 
the 
criminal sanction of our Federal Gov-
ernment. They do drug tests and have 
strict bans, basically, on this substance 
that many Americans feel is actually 
safe and part of the lifestyle that they 
want to live. 
Our study will allow a better answer 
than that. In a world where people are 
going to be using this drug, this sub-
stance, and where it is, in fact, much 
less harsh than prescription drugs that 
are regulated lower on the scale than 
that, we need to get the answer out 
there to these workplaces and schools 
as quickly as possible. That is all that 
we are aiming to do here. 
We are making policy for the real 
world with this amendment, and I en-
courage all of my colleagues to support 
it. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. BENTZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to mention that 
I agree there has to be the proper de-
termination of when you are impaired 
after you have used marijuana. I made 
that argument in my discussion of the 
bill. 
The issue is one of timing. It is not 
just impairment. There are many other 
things in the bill that need to be ad-
dressed that aren’t. 
In this rush to legalize, what we have 
is a lot of assuming, as was just sug-
gested, that everybody is already using 
it, so why bother? Well, a lot of people 
are. But after it becomes federally le-
galized, more will be using it. Thus, the 
danger level will increase. 
We can’t sit here and say there are 
no consequences of legalization. By 
that, I mean the same number of peo-
ple using it. The questions become: 
When are we going to do this? Why 
wasn’t it done earlier? Why wasn’t it 
done yet? One of the reasons is that it 
is really hard to make this determina-
tion. 
What I am saying is, it is a matter of 
timing. But it is not just this issue; 
there are many others. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
oppose this amendment, and I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 1017, the pre-
vious 
question 
is 
ordered 
on 
the 
amendment offered by the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that 
the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. BENTZ. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 3(s) of House Resolution 
8, the yeas and nays are ordered. 
Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, fur-
ther proceedings on this question are 
postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO. 3 OFFERED BY MR. RASKIN 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is now 
in order to consider amendment No. 3 
printed in part B of House Report 117– 
285. 
Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 78, after line 20 insert the following: 
(c) REVIEW AND REASSESSMENT.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
each Federal agency shall review and reas-
sess each decision, made on or after May 1, 
1971, to deny or rescind the security clear-
ance of an individual described. 
(2) REASON FOR DENIAL.—A review and reas-
sessment conducted under paragraph (1) 
shall not use past or present cannabis or 
marijuana use as a reason to deny or rescind 
a security clearance. 
(3) NOTICE.—A Federal agency conducting a 
review and reassessment under paragraph (1) 
shall notify each individual described of such 
review and reassessment and provide such in-
dividual an opportunity to decline the review 
and reassessment. As applicable, an indi-
vidual described shall be notified of the out-
come of any review and reassessment con-
ducted as soon as practicable. 
(4) INDIVIDUAL
DESCRIBED.—In this sub-
section, the term ‘‘individual described’’ 
means any individual who has had a security 
clearance denied or rescinded for past or 
present cannabis or marijuana use. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 1017, the gen-
tleman from Maryland (Mr. RASKIN) 
and a Member opposed each will con-
trol 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Maryland. 
Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:53 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00032
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K01AP7.028
H01APPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 31-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4109 
April 1, 2022 
Mr. Speaker, I am very proud today 
to stand for this legislation with the 
party of democracy and freedom for the 
people, rather than the party of Big 
Brother 
and 
failed 
drug 
authoritarianism. 
Do you know that 150 million Ameri-
cans have used marijuana? Half of the 
country. That is just the people who 
are being honest about it. Half of the 
country has used marijuana, but you 
can still be denied a security clearance 
and government employment for hav-
ing once used marijuana. That is plain-
ly stupid, wrong, and unfair. 
We are disqualifying tens of millions 
of qualified and excellent job appli-
cants for Federal Government employ-
ment, our fellow citizens, our constitu-
ents. In Democratic districts and Re-
publican districts, we are disqualifying 
those people from being Federal Gov-
ernment employees solely because they 
have used marijuana. 
My amendment is one that every 
Member of the House should support. It 
says that Americans should not be de-
nied a security clearance simply be-
cause they have used marijuana. 
The longer I spend time in Congress, 
Mr. Speaker, the more I realize that in 
America, 
change 
comes 
from 
the 
States. It comes from the people. That 
is how we got child labor laws. That is 
how we got women’s suffrage. That is 
how we got direct election of U.S. Sen-
ators, and now, so too with our draco-
nian, obsolete, and failed marijuana 
laws. 
Look at what is happening out in 
America. Eighteen States, plus Wash-
ington, D.C., have now passed laws al-
lowing adult use of marijuana. In other 
words, 
they 
have 
accepted 
the 
antiprohibition principle that is in our 
Constitution. It is not that alcohol is 
so great for everybody in every cir-
cumstance, or marijuana is so great for 
everybody in every circumstance. It is 
that criminal prohibition and criminal-
ization of large parts of our own popu-
lation don’t work. 
It is legal in 18 States. In 27 States, 
it has been decriminalized. In a major-
ity of the States, it is no longer crimi-
nal. In 36 States, the vast majority of 
America, more than two-thirds of the 
States, medical use of marijuana has 
been approved. In other words, it is 
legal in the vast majority of States of 
the country to use marijuana for me-
dicinal purposes. 
What a massive outbreak of common 
sense in America against the GOP’s 
failed authoritarian war on marijuana 
that depends on paranoid tropes from 
the 1970s. It is like they saw ‘‘Reefer 
Madness’’ in middle school and never 
got over it. 
I concede our party is not for the 
kind of cocaine-fueled orgies that a 
freshman Republican Representative 
bragged about this week, but we do un-
derstand that their marijuana prohibi-
tion laws don’t work for our people. 
In any event, Mr. Speaker, we can all 
agree that we should not be denying 
our constituents the opportunity to 
serve in Federal office by denying them 
a security clearance simply because 
they have used marijuana. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. BENTZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise in op-
position to the amendment. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Oregon is recognized for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. BENTZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, it is April Fools’ Day, 
so maybe this is a joke. 
This amendment would require Fed-
eral agencies to review every decision 
to rescind or deny a security clearance 
since 1971 to determine if it was based 
on marijuana usage. Then, the agency 
would have to track down every person 
who was denied a clearance due to 
marijuana use. The agency would then 
let them know that the decision will be 
reassessed unless the person objects. 
This is crazy. It creates a huge bur-
den on Federal agencies for what? Even 
if this bill were to become law, the de-
nial of these security clearances was 
based on a person’s willful violation of 
a law at the time. 
When agencies are assessing whether 
these people should have access to na-
tional security sensitive information, 
the consideration isn’t whether the 
person uses marijuana. It is whether 
the person is willing to undermine the 
rule of law. 
If they can’t follow this Nation’s 
laws, then we can’t expect them to fol-
low the processes to protect our most 
sensitive information. 
Further, this amendment reaches 
back more than 50 years. How many of 
these people still need, want, or are 
even eligible for security clearances? 
No one gets a security clearance just 
because you want one. You can’t just 
walk up off the street and apply for it. 
You need to be employed with the Fed-
eral Government or a government con-
tractor, and your employer must need 
you to have access to the information. 
Very few people who were denied a 
security clearance in 1980 are still em-
ployed in or even qualify for positions 
that would require security clearances. 
Some of the people we are talking 
about may be retirees in their eighties 
or nineties. Many of them may have 
representative payees who are their 
children or grandchildren. Why would 
we want to expose the fact that their 
father, mother, grandfather, or grand-
mother was a marijuana abuser? 
The gentleman from Maryland wants 
the Federal Government to re-create 
the security clearance backlog that the 
Trump administration just cleared up 
for unneeded reviews and to resurface 
private information. This amendment 
makes little sense. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I think the distinguished gentleman 
seems to concede the general principle 
that we should not be denying the op-
portunity of Federal employment to 
half of the country because they have 
used marijuana before. 
So, his argument seems to be: We 
have denied so many people that this 
would be an imposition on Federal bu-
reaucrats to go back and tell people 
when they have been wronged in the 
past simply by telling the truth and 
saying that they have once used mari-
juana. 
In fact, most of these agencies don’t 
even require that there was any kind of 
criminal prosecution or conviction. 
They ask you, ‘‘Have you used mari-
juana?’’ If people say, ‘‘Yes, I used it 
once in college,’’ or whatever, they 
can’t get a job. That makes no sense. 
We are doing that to our constituents. 
Yes, let’s go back and see how many 
people we have denied the opportunity 
of Federal employment to because they 
have used marijuana, which is lawful in 
most of the country now, either on a 
medicinal basis or on a recreational 
basis for adult consenting individuals 
who decide that is a decision they want 
to make. 
Let’s grow up as a country about 
this, and let’s stop discriminating 
against our own people. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. BENTZ. Mr. Speaker, I just point 
out that I didn’t concede anything that 
I recognize. If you thought I did, please 
rethink it. 
I want to point out that the security 
clearance isn’t just for Federal employ-
ees. It is for private contractors and 
people seeking security clearances. All 
I am saying is, one can refer to our 
‘‘bureaucrats’’ as though they don’t 
have other things to do. They do lots of 
very important things. I would suggest 
this falls pretty low on that list. 
It is an interesting amendment, but I 
urge opposition. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman for pointing out that 
my amendment would apply not only 
to people who have sought public em-
ployment in the past and been denied 
because they have been honest enough 
to admit that they have once used 
marijuana but to private contractors. 
We are denying people the opportunity 
to do business with the government if 
they tell the truth about that. 
I am urging all of my colleagues, 
wherever you are in terms of your par-
ticular State, let’s stop discriminating. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
b 1100 
Mr. BENTZ. Mr. Speaker, I urge my 
colleagues to oppose this amendment, 
and I yield back the balance of my 
time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 1017, the pre-
vious 
question 
is 
ordered 
on 
the 
amendment offered by the gentleman 
from Maryland (Mr. RASKIN). 
The question is on the amendment 
offered by the gentleman from Mary-
land (Mr. RASKIN). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:53 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00033
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K01AP7.030
H01APPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 32-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4110 
April 1, 2022 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that 
the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. BENTZ. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand 
the 
yeas 
and 
nays. 
The 
SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to 
section 3(s) of House Resolution 8, the 
yeas and nays are ordered. 
Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, fur-
ther proceedings on this question are 
postponed. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings 
will resume on questions previously 
postponed. 
Votes will be taken in the following 
order: 
Amendment No. 1 by Mr. GOTTHEIMER 
of New Jersey; 
Amendment No. 2 by Mr. LAMB of 
Pennsylvania; 
Amendment No. 3 by Mr. RASKIN of 
Maryland. 
Motion to Recommit on H.R. 3617, if 
offered; and 
Passage of H.R. 3617, if ordered. 
The first electronic vote will be con-
ducted as a 15-minute vote. 
Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, re-
maining electronic votes will be con-
ducted as 5-minute votes. 
Amendment No. 1 offered by Mr. 
GOTTHEIMER 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the unfin-
ished business is the question on 
amendment No. 1, printed in part B of 
House Report 117–285 offered by the 
gentleman 
from 
New 
Jersey 
(Mr. 
GOTTHEIMER) on which further pro-
ceedings were postponed and on which 
the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The 
Clerk 
will 
redesignate 
the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the amendment offered 
by the gentleman from New Jersey 
(Mr. GOTTHEIMER). 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 243, nays 
172, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 103] 
YEAS—243 
Adams 
Aguilar 
Allred 
Auchincloss 
Axne 
Barraga´n 
Bass 
Beatty 
Bera 
Beyer 
Bishop (GA) 
Blumenauer 
Blunt Rochester 
Bonamici 
Bourdeaux 
Bowman 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brown (MD) 
Brown (OH) 
Brownley 
Bucshon 
Butterfield 
Calvert 
Carbajal 
Ca´rdenas 
Carson 
Carter (LA) 
Cartwright 
Case 
Casten 
Castor (FL) 
Castro (TX) 
Cherfilus- 
McCormick 
Chu 
Cicilline 
Clark (MA) 
Clarke (NY) 
Cleaver 
Clyburn 
Connolly 
Cooper 
Correa 
Costa 
Courtney 
Craig 
Crist 
Crow 
Cuellar 
Davids (KS) 
Davis, Danny K. 
Dean 
DeFazio 
DeGette 
DeLauro 
DelBene 
Delgado 
Demings 
DeSaulnier 
Deutch 
Dingell 
Doggett 
Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Escobar 
Eshoo 
Espaillat 
Evans 
Ferguson 
Fitzpatrick 
Fletcher 
Frankel, Lois 
Gallego 
Garamendi 
Garcia (CA) 
Garcı´a (IL) 
Garcia (TX) 
Gimenez 
Golden 
Gomez 
Gonzalez, 
Vicente 
Gottheimer 
Graves (LA) 
Graves (MO) 
Green, Al (TX) 
Griffith 
Grijalva 
Harder (CA) 
Hartzler 
Hayes 
Higgins (LA) 
Higgins (NY) 
Himes 
Horsford 
Houlahan 
Hoyer 
Huffman 
Jackson Lee 
Jayapal 
Jeffries 
Johnson (GA) 
Johnson (OH) 
Johnson (SD) 
Johnson (TX) 
Jones 
Joyce (OH) 
Kahele 
Kaptur 
Katko 
Keating 
Kelly (IL) 
Khanna 
Kildee 
Kilmer 
Kim (CA) 
Kim (NJ) 
Kind 
Kirkpatrick 
Krishnamoorthi 
Kuster 
Lamb 
Lamborn 
Langevin 
Larsen (WA) 
Larson (CT) 
Lawrence 
Lawson (FL) 
Lee (CA) 
Lee (NV) 
Leger Fernandez 
Levin (CA) 
Levin (MI) 
Lieu 
Lofgren 
Luria 
Lynch 
Mace 
Malinowski 
Maloney, 
Carolyn B. 
Maloney, Sean 
Manning 
Matsui 
McBath 
McClintock 
McCollum 
McEachin 
McGovern 
McNerney 
Meeks 
Meijer 
Meng 
Mfume 
Moore (WI) 
Morelle 
Moulton 
Mrvan 
Murphy (FL) 
Murphy (NC) 
Nadler 
Napolitano 
Neal 
Neguse 
Newhouse 
Newman 
Norcross 
O’Halleran 
Obernolte 
Omar 
Pallone 
Panetta 
Pappas 
Pascrell 
Payne 
Perlmutter 
Peters 
Phillips 
Pingree 
Porter 
Pressley 
Price (NC) 
Quigley 
Raskin 
Reed 
Rice (NY) 
Ross 
Roybal-Allard 
Ruiz 
Ruppersberger 
Rush 
Rutherford 
Ryan 
Salazar 
Sa´nchez 
Sarbanes 
Scanlon 
Schakowsky 
Schiff 
Schneider 
Schrader 
Schrier 
Scott (VA) 
Scott, David 
Sewell 
Sherman 
Sherrill 
Sires 
Slotkin 
Smith (NJ) 
Smith (WA) 
Soto 
Spanberger 
Speier 
Stansbury 
Stanton 
Stauber 
Stevens 
Strickland 
Suozzi 
Swalwell 
Takano 
Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) 
Titus 
Tonko 
Torres (CA) 
Torres (NY) 
Trahan 
Trone 
Underwood 
Upton 
Valadao 
Van Duyne 
Vargas 
Veasey 
Vela´zquez 
Wagner 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters 
Watson Coleman 
Welch 
Wexton 
Wild 
Williams (GA) 
Wilson (FL) 
Yarmuth 
NAYS—172 
Aderholt 
Allen 
Amodei 
Armstrong 
Babin 
Bacon 
Baird 
Balderson 
Banks 
Barr 
Bentz 
Bergman 
Bice (OK) 
Biggs 
Bilirakis 
Bishop (NC) 
Bost 
Brady 
Brooks 
Buchanan 
Buck 
Burchett 
Burgess 
Bush 
Cammack 
Carey 
Carl 
Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) 
Cawthorn 
Chabot 
Cline 
Cloud 
Clyde 
Cohen 
Cole 
Comer 
Crawford 
Crenshaw 
Curtis 
Davidson 
DesJarlais 
Diaz-Balart 
Donalds 
Duncan 
Dunn 
Ellzey 
Emmer 
Estes 
Fallon 
Feenstra 
Fischbach 
Fitzgerald 
Fleischmann 
Foxx 
Franklin, C. 
Scott 
Fulcher 
Gaetz 
Gallagher 
Garbarino 
Gibbs 
Gohmert 
Gonzales, Tony 
Good (VA) 
Gooden (TX) 
Gosar 
Granger 
Green (TN) 
Greene (GA) 
Grothman 
Guest 
Guthrie 
Harris 
Harshbarger 
Hern 
Herrell 
Herrera Beutler 
Hice (GA) 
Hill 
Hinson 
Hudson 
Huizenga 
Issa 
Jackson 
Jacobs (NY) 
Jordan 
Joyce (PA) 
Keller 
Kelly (MS) 
Kelly (PA) 
Kustoff 
LaHood 
LaMalfa 
Latta 
LaTurner 
Lesko 
Letlow 
Long 
Loudermilk 
Lowenthal 
Lucas 
Luetkemeyer 
Malliotakis 
Mann 
Massie 
Mast 
McCarthy 
McCaul 
McClain 
McHenry 
McKinley 
Meuser 
Miller (IL) 
Miller (WV) 
Miller-Meeks 
Moolenaar 
Mooney 
Moore (AL) 
Moore (UT) 
Mullin 
Nehls 
Norman 
Ocasio-Cortez 
Owens 
Palazzo 
Palmer 
Pence 
Perry 
Pfluger 
Pocan 
Posey 
Reschenthaler 
Rice (SC) 
Rodgers (WA) 
Rogers (AL) 
Rogers (KY) 
Rose 
Rosendale 
Rouzer 
Roy 
Scalise 
Schweikert 
Scott, Austin 
Sessions 
Simpson 
Smith (MO) 
Smucker 
Spartz 
Steel 
Stefanik 
Steil 
Steube 
Stewart 
Taylor 
Tenney 
Tiffany 
Timmons 
Tlaib 
Turner 
Van Drew 
Walberg 
Walorski 
Waltz 
Weber (TX) 
Webster (FL) 
Wenstrup 
Westerman 
Williams (TX) 
Wilson (SC) 
Wittman 
Womack 
Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—14 
Arrington 
Boebert 
Budd 
Bustos 
Cheney 
Davis, Rodney 
Foster 
Gonzalez (OH) 
Hollingsworth 
Jacobs (CA) 
Johnson (LA) 
Kinzinger 
Smith (NE) 
Thompson (PA) 
b 1133 
Mr. LOWENTHAL changed his vote 
from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Ms. MATSUI and Messrs. FERGUSON 
and RUTHERFORD changed their vote 
from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the amendment was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated for: 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Madam 
Speaker, had I been present, I would have 
voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 103. 
Mr. FOSTER. Madam Speaker, on April 1, 
2022, I missed one recorded vote. I would like 
to indicate how I would have voted had I been 
present. On rollcall No. 103, I would have 
voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
Stated against: 
Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Madam Speaker, I 
was 
unavoidably 
detained. 
Had 
I 
been 
present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall 
No. 103. 
MEMBERS RECORDED PURSUANT TO HOUSE 
RESOLUTION 8, 117TH CONGRESS 
Armstrong 
(Reschenthaler) 
Baird (Walorski) 
Barraga´n 
(Correa) 
Bass (Blunt 
Rochester) 
Bilirakis 
(Fleischmann) 
Bowman (Evans) 
Brooks 
(Fleischmann) 
Brown (OH) 
(Beyer) 
Cawthorn (Gaetz) 
Clarke (NY) 
(Vela´zquez) 
Comer 
(Fleischmann) 
Crist 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Cuellar (Pappas) 
Curtis (Moore 
(UT)) 
Davis, Danny K. 
(Gomez) 
DeGette (Blunt 
Rochester) 
Deutch (Rice 
(NY)) 
Espaillat 
(Correa) 
Frankel, Lois 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Garcia´ (IL) 
(Takano) 
Garcia (TX) 
(Gomez) 
Gimenez (Diaz- 
Balart) 
Green (TN) 
(Fleischmann) 
Harder (CA) 
(Gomez) 
Jayapal (Gomez) 
Johnson (TX) 
(Beyer) 
Joyce (OH) 
(Garbarino) 
Kahele (Takano) 
Katko 
(Garbarino) 
Kelly (IL) (Blunt 
Rochester) 
Kind (Beyer) 
Kirkpatrick 
(Pallone) 
Krishnamoorthi 
(Beyer) 
LaMalfa 
(Palazzo) 
Lawson (FL) 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Long 
(Fleischmann) 
Luetkemeyer 
(Meuser) 
Mace (Timmons) 
Manning (Beyer) 
McClain 
(Fitzgerald) 
McEachin 
(Wexton) 
McHenry 
(Rouzer) 
Meng (Kuster) 
Newman (Beyer) 
Owens (Moore 
(UT)) 
Panetta (Gomez) 
Price (NC) 
(Connolly) 
Rice (SC) 
(Meijer) 
Roybal-Allard 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Ryan (Kaptur) 
Salazar (Steube) 
Sa´nchez (Gomez) 
Scott, David 
(Correa) 
Sessions (Babin) 
Sires (Pallone) 
Speier (Scanlon) 
Steel (Obernolte) 
Stewart (Moore 
(UT)) 
Strickland 
(Takano) 
Suozzi (Beyer) 
Taylor (Carter 
(TX)) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:53 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00034
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K01AP7.033
H01APPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 33-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4111 
April 1, 2022 
Thompson (MS) 
(Evans) 
Trone (Beyer) 
Waltz (Mast) 
Wilson (FL) 
(Evans) 
Wilson (SC) 
(Timmons) 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE IN REMEM-
BRANCE OF OFFICER WILLIAM F. 
EVANS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
NEAL). The Chair asks all those present 
in the Chamber, as well as Members 
and staff throughout the Capitol, to 
please rise for a moment of silence in 
remembrance of Officer William F. 
Evans, son of Massachusetts, United 
States Capitol Police Officer, who was 
killed in the line of duty defending our 
Capitol on April 2, 2021. 
AMENDMENT NO. 2 OFFERED BY MR. LAMB 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the unfin-
ished business is the question on 
amendment No. 2, printed in part B of 
House Report 117–285, on which further 
proceedings were postponed and on 
which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The 
Clerk 
will 
redesignate 
the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the amendment offered 
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania 
(Mr. LAMB). 
This is a 5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 234, nays 
189, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 104] 
YEAS—234 
Adams 
Aguilar 
Allred 
Auchincloss 
Axne 
Barraga´n 
Bass 
Beatty 
Bera 
Beyer 
Bishop (GA) 
Blumenauer 
Blunt Rochester 
Bonamici 
Bourdeaux 
Bowman 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brown (MD) 
Brown (OH) 
Brownley 
Bush 
Butterfield 
Carbajal 
Ca´rdenas 
Carson 
Carter (LA) 
Cartwright 
Case 
Casten 
Castor (FL) 
Castro (TX) 
Cherfilus- 
McCormick 
Chu 
Cicilline 
Clark (MA) 
Clarke (NY) 
Cleaver 
Clyburn 
Cohen 
Connolly 
Cooper 
Correa 
Costa 
Courtney 
Craig 
Crist 
Crow 
Cuellar 
Davids (KS) 
Davis, Danny K. 
Dean 
DeFazio 
DeGette 
DeLauro 
DelBene 
Delgado 
Demings 
DeSaulnier 
Deutch 
Dingell 
Doggett 
Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Escobar 
Eshoo 
Espaillat 
Evans 
Fitzpatrick 
Fletcher 
Foster 
Frankel, Lois 
Gallego 
Garamendi 
Garcı´a (IL) 
Garcia (TX) 
Golden 
Gomez 
Gonzalez, 
Vicente 
Gottheimer 
Green, Al (TX) 
Griffith 
Grijalva 
Grothman 
Harder (CA) 
Hayes 
Higgins (NY) 
Himes 
Hollingsworth 
Horsford 
Houlahan 
Hoyer 
Huffman 
Jackson Lee 
Jacobs (CA) 
Jayapal 
Jeffries 
Johnson (GA) 
Johnson (OH) 
Johnson (SD) 
Johnson (TX) 
Jones 
Joyce (OH) 
Kahele 
Kaptur 
Katko 
Keating 
Kelly (IL) 
Khanna 
Kildee 
Kilmer 
Kim (CA) 
Kim (NJ) 
Kind 
Kirkpatrick 
Krishnamoorthi 
Kuster 
Lamb 
Langevin 
Larsen (WA) 
Larson (CT) 
Lawrence 
Lawson (FL) 
Lee (CA) 
Lee (NV) 
Leger Fernandez 
Levin (CA) 
Levin (MI) 
Lieu 
Lofgren 
Lowenthal 
Luria 
Lynch 
Mace 
Malinowski 
Maloney, 
Carolyn B. 
Maloney, Sean 
Manning 
Matsui 
McBath 
McCollum 
McEachin 
McGovern 
McNerney 
Meeks 
Meijer 
Meng 
Mfume 
Moore (WI) 
Morelle 
Moulton 
Mrvan 
Murphy (FL) 
Nadler 
Napolitano 
Neal 
Neguse 
Newhouse 
Newman 
Norcross 
O’Halleran 
Obernolte 
Ocasio-Cortez 
Omar 
Palazzo 
Pallone 
Panetta 
Pappas 
Pascrell 
Payne 
Perlmutter 
Peters 
Phillips 
Pingree 
Porter 
Pressley 
Price (NC) 
Quigley 
Raskin 
Reed 
Rice (NY) 
Ross 
Roybal-Allard 
Ruiz 
Ruppersberger 
Rush 
Ryan 
Sa´nchez 
Sarbanes 
Scanlon 
Schakowsky 
Schiff 
Schneider 
Schrader 
Schrier 
Scott (VA) 
Scott, David 
Sewell 
Sherman 
Sherrill 
Sires 
Slotkin 
Smith (WA) 
Soto 
Spanberger 
Speier 
Stansbury 
Stanton 
Stevens 
Strickland 
Suozzi 
Swalwell 
Takano 
Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) 
Titus 
Tlaib 
Tonko 
Torres (CA) 
Torres (NY) 
Trahan 
Trone 
Underwood 
Upton 
Vargas 
Veasey 
Vela´zquez 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters 
Watson Coleman 
Welch 
Wexton 
Wild 
Williams (GA) 
Wilson (FL) 
Yarmuth 
NAYS—189 
Aderholt 
Allen 
Amodei 
Armstrong 
Arrington 
Babin 
Bacon 
Baird 
Balderson 
Banks 
Barr 
Bentz 
Bergman 
Bice (OK) 
Biggs 
Bilirakis 
Bishop (NC) 
Boebert 
Bost 
Brady 
Brooks 
Buchanan 
Buck 
Bucshon 
Burchett 
Burgess 
Calvert 
Cammack 
Carey 
Carl 
Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) 
Cawthorn 
Chabot 
Cline 
Cloud 
Clyde 
Cole 
Comer 
Crawford 
Crenshaw 
Curtis 
Davidson 
Davis, Rodney 
DesJarlais 
Diaz-Balart 
Donalds 
Duncan 
Dunn 
Ellzey 
Emmer 
Estes 
Fallon 
Feenstra 
Ferguson 
Fischbach 
Fitzgerald 
Fleischmann 
Foxx 
Franklin, C. 
Scott 
Fulcher 
Gaetz 
Gallagher 
Garbarino 
Garcia (CA) 
Gibbs 
Gimenez 
Gohmert 
Gonzales, Tony 
Good (VA) 
Gooden (TX) 
Gosar 
Granger 
Graves (LA) 
Graves (MO) 
Green (TN) 
Greene (GA) 
Guest 
Guthrie 
Harris 
Harshbarger 
Hartzler 
Hern 
Herrell 
Herrera Beutler 
Hice (GA) 
Higgins (LA) 
Hill 
Hinson 
Hudson 
Huizenga 
Issa 
Jackson 
Jacobs (NY) 
Jordan 
Joyce (PA) 
Keller 
Kelly (MS) 
Kelly (PA) 
Kustoff 
LaHood 
LaMalfa 
Lamborn 
Latta 
LaTurner 
Lesko 
Letlow 
Long 
Loudermilk 
Lucas 
Luetkemeyer 
Malliotakis 
Mann 
Massie 
Mast 
McCarthy 
McCaul 
McClain 
McClintock 
McHenry 
McKinley 
Meuser 
Miller (IL) 
Miller (WV) 
Miller-Meeks 
Moolenaar 
Mooney 
Moore (AL) 
Moore (UT) 
Mullin 
Murphy (NC) 
Nehls 
Norman 
Owens 
Palmer 
Pence 
Perry 
Pfluger 
Pocan 
Posey 
Reschenthaler 
Rice (SC) 
Rodgers (WA) 
Rogers (AL) 
Rogers (KY) 
Rose 
Rosendale 
Rouzer 
Roy 
Rutherford 
Salazar 
Scalise 
Schweikert 
Scott, Austin 
Sessions 
Simpson 
Smith (MO) 
Smith (NE) 
Smith (NJ) 
Smucker 
Spartz 
Stauber 
Steel 
Stefanik 
Steil 
Steube 
Stewart 
Taylor 
Tenney 
Thompson (PA) 
Tiffany 
Timmons 
Turner 
Valadao 
Van Drew 
Van Duyne 
Wagner 
Walberg 
Walorski 
Waltz 
Weber (TX) 
Webster (FL) 
Wenstrup 
Westerman 
Williams (TX) 
Wilson (SC) 
Wittman 
Womack 
Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—6 
Budd 
Bustos 
Cheney 
Gonzalez (OH) 
Johnson (LA) 
Kinzinger 
b 1148 
So the amendment was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
MEMBERS RECORDED PURSUANT TO HOUSE 
RESOLUTION 8, 117TH CONGRESS 
Armstrong 
(Reschenthaler) 
Baird (Walorski) 
Barraga´n 
(Correa) 
Bass (Blunt 
Rochester) 
Bilirakis 
(Fleischmann) 
Bowman (Evans) 
Brooks 
(Fleischmann) 
Brown (OH) 
(Beyer) 
Cawthorn (Gaetz) 
Clarke (NY) 
(Vela´zquez) 
Cooper (Correa) 
Comer 
(Fleischmann) 
Crist 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Cuellar (Pappas) 
Curtis (Moore 
(UT)) 
Davis, Danny K. 
(Gomez) 
DeGette (Blunt 
Rochester) 
Deutch (Rice 
(NY)) 
Donalds 
(Cammack) 
Espaillat 
(Correa) 
Ferguson 
(Kustoff) 
Frankel, Lois 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Garcı´a (IL) 
(Takano) 
Garcia (TX) 
(Gomez) 
Gimenez (Diaz- 
Balart) 
Green (TN) 
(Fleischmann) 
Harder (CA) 
(Gomez) 
Jayapal (Gomez) 
Johnson (TX) 
(Beyer) 
Joyce (OH) 
(Garbarino) 
Kahele (Takano) 
Katko 
(Garbarino) 
Kelly (IL) (Blunt 
Rochester) 
Kind (Beyer) 
Kirkpatrick 
(Pallone) 
Krishnamoorthi 
(Beyer) 
LaMalfa 
(Palazzo) 
Lawson (FL) 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Long 
(Fleischmann) 
Luetkemeyer 
(Meuser) 
Mace (Timmons) 
Manning (Beyer) 
McClain 
(Fitzgerald) 
McEachin 
(Wexton) 
McHenry 
(Rouzer) 
Meng (Kuster) 
Newman (Beyer) 
Owens (Moore 
(UT)) 
Panetta (Gomez) 
Price (NC) 
(Connolly) 
Rice (SC) 
(Meijer) 
Roybal-Allard 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Ryan (Kaptur) 
Salazar (Steube) 
Sa´nchez (Gomez) 
Scott, David 
(Correa) 
Sessions (Babin) 
Sires (Pallone) 
Speier (Scanlon) 
Steel (Obernolte) 
Stewart (Moore 
(UT)) 
Strickland 
(Takano) 
Suozzi (Beyer) 
Taylor (Carter 
(TX)) 
Thompson (MS) 
(Evans) 
Trone (Beyer) 
Waltz (Mast) 
Wilson (FL) 
(Evans) 
Wilson (SC) 
(Timmons) 
AMENDMENT NO. 3 OFFERED BY MR. RASKIN 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. LEE 
of California). Pursuant to clause 8 of 
rule XX, the unfinished business is the 
question on amendment No. 3, printed 
in part B of House Report 117–285, on 
which further proceedings were post-
poned and on which the yeas and nays 
were ordered. 
The 
Clerk 
will 
redesignate 
the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the amendment offered 
by the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. 
RASKIN). 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 209, nays 
214, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 105] 
YEAS—209 
Adams 
Aguilar 
Allred 
Auchincloss 
Axne 
Barraga´n 
Bass 
Beatty 
Bera 
Beyer 
Bishop (GA) 
Blumenauer 
Blunt Rochester 
Bonamici 
Bourdeaux 
Bowman 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brown (MD) 
Brown (OH) 
Brownley 
Bush 
Butterfield 
Carbajal 
Ca´rdenas 
Carson 
Carter (LA) 
Cartwright 
Casten 
Castor (FL) 
Castro (TX) 
Cherfilus- 
McCormick 
Chu 
Cicilline 
Clark (MA) 
Clarke (NY) 
Cleaver 
Clyburn 
Cohen 
Connolly 
Cooper 
Correa 
Costa 
Courtney 
Craig 
Crist 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:53 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00035
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A01AP7.032
H01APPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 34-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4112 
April 1, 2022 
Crow 
Cuellar 
Davids (KS) 
Davis, Danny K. 
Dean 
DeFazio 
DeGette 
DeLauro 
DelBene 
Delgado 
DeSaulnier 
Deutch 
Dingell 
Doggett 
Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Escobar 
Eshoo 
Espaillat 
Evans 
Fletcher 
Foster 
Frankel, Lois 
Gaetz 
Gallego 
Garamendi 
Garcı´a (IL) 
Garcia (TX) 
Golden 
Gomez 
Gonzalez, 
Vicente 
Green, Al (TX) 
Grijalva 
Harder (CA) 
Hayes 
Higgins (NY) 
Himes 
Horsford 
Houlahan 
Hoyer 
Huffman 
Jackson Lee 
Jacobs (CA) 
Jayapal 
Jeffries 
Johnson (GA) 
Johnson (TX) 
Jones 
Kahele 
Kaptur 
Keating 
Kelly (IL) 
Khanna 
Kildee 
Kilmer 
Kim (NJ) 
Kind 
Kirkpatrick 
Krishnamoorthi 
Kuster 
Lamb 
Langevin 
Larsen (WA) 
Larson (CT) 
Lawrence 
Lawson (FL) 
Lee (CA) 
Leger Fernandez 
Levin (CA) 
Levin (MI) 
Lieu 
Lofgren 
Lowenthal 
Luria 
Lynch 
Mace 
Maloney, 
Carolyn B. 
Maloney, Sean 
Manning 
Matsui 
McBath 
McCollum 
McEachin 
McGovern 
McNerney 
Meeks 
Meng 
Mfume 
Moore (WI) 
Morelle 
Moulton 
Mrvan 
Nadler 
Napolitano 
Neal 
Neguse 
Newman 
Norcross 
Ocasio-Cortez 
Omar 
Pallone 
Pappas 
Pascrell 
Payne 
Perlmutter 
Peters 
Phillips 
Pingree 
Pocan 
Porter 
Pressley 
Price (NC) 
Quigley 
Raskin 
Rice (NY) 
Ross 
Roybal-Allard 
Ruiz 
Ruppersberger 
Rush 
Ryan 
Sa´nchez 
Sarbanes 
Scanlon 
Schakowsky 
Schiff 
Schneider 
Schrader 
Scott (VA) 
Scott, David 
Sewell 
Sherman 
Sherrill 
Sires 
Smith (WA) 
Soto 
Speier 
Stansbury 
Stanton 
Stevens 
Strickland 
Suozzi 
Swalwell 
Takano 
Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) 
Titus 
Tlaib 
Tonko 
Torres (CA) 
Torres (NY) 
Trahan 
Trone 
Underwood 
Vargas 
Veasey 
Vela´zquez 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters 
Watson Coleman 
Welch 
Wild 
Williams (GA) 
Wilson (FL) 
Yarmuth 
NAYS—214 
Aderholt 
Allen 
Amodei 
Armstrong 
Arrington 
Babin 
Bacon 
Baird 
Balderson 
Banks 
Barr 
Bentz 
Bergman 
Bice (OK) 
Biggs 
Bilirakis 
Bishop (NC) 
Boebert 
Bost 
Brady 
Brooks 
Buchanan 
Buck 
Bucshon 
Burchett 
Burgess 
Calvert 
Cammack 
Carey 
Carl 
Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) 
Case 
Cawthorn 
Chabot 
Cline 
Cloud 
Clyde 
Cole 
Comer 
Crawford 
Crenshaw 
Curtis 
Davidson 
Davis, Rodney 
Demings 
DesJarlais 
Diaz-Balart 
Donalds 
Duncan 
Dunn 
Ellzey 
Emmer 
Estes 
Fallon 
Feenstra 
Ferguson 
Fischbach 
Fitzgerald 
Fitzpatrick 
Fleischmann 
Foxx 
Franklin, C. 
Scott 
Fulcher 
Gallagher 
Garbarino 
Garcia (CA) 
Gibbs 
Gimenez 
Gohmert 
Gonzales, Tony 
Good (VA) 
Gooden (TX) 
Gosar 
Gottheimer 
Granger 
Graves (LA) 
Graves (MO) 
Green (TN) 
Greene (GA) 
Griffith 
Grothman 
Guest 
Guthrie 
Harris 
Harshbarger 
Hartzler 
Hern 
Herrell 
Herrera Beutler 
Hice (GA) 
Higgins (LA) 
Hill 
Hinson 
Hollingsworth 
Hudson 
Huizenga 
Issa 
Jackson 
Jacobs (NY) 
Johnson (OH) 
Johnson (SD) 
Jordan 
Joyce (OH) 
Joyce (PA) 
Katko 
Keller 
Kelly (MS) 
Kelly (PA) 
Kim (CA) 
Kustoff 
LaHood 
LaMalfa 
Lamborn 
Latta 
LaTurner 
Lee (NV) 
Lesko 
Letlow 
Long 
Loudermilk 
Lucas 
Luetkemeyer 
Malinowski 
Malliotakis 
Mann 
Massie 
Mast 
McCarthy 
McCaul 
McClain 
McClintock 
McHenry 
McKinley 
Meijer 
Meuser 
Miller (IL) 
Miller (WV) 
Miller-Meeks 
Moolenaar 
Mooney 
Moore (AL) 
Moore (UT) 
Mullin 
Murphy (FL) 
Murphy (NC) 
Nehls 
Newhouse 
Norman 
O’Halleran 
Obernolte 
Owens 
Palazzo 
Palmer 
Panetta 
Pence 
Perry 
Pfluger 
Posey 
Reed 
Reschenthaler 
Rice (SC) 
Rodgers (WA) 
Rogers (AL) 
Rogers (KY) 
Rose 
Rosendale 
Rouzer 
Roy 
Rutherford 
Salazar 
Scalise 
Schrier 
Schweikert 
Scott, Austin 
Sessions 
Simpson 
Slotkin 
Smith (MO) 
Smith (NE) 
Smith (NJ) 
Smucker 
Spanberger 
Spartz 
Stauber 
Steel 
Stefanik 
Steil 
Steube 
Stewart 
Taylor 
Tenney 
Thompson (PA) 
Tiffany 
Timmons 
Turner 
Upton 
Valadao 
Van Drew 
Van Duyne 
Wagner 
Walberg 
Walorski 
Waltz 
Weber (TX) 
Webster (FL) 
Wenstrup 
Westerman 
Wexton 
Williams (TX) 
Wilson (SC) 
Wittman 
Womack 
Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—6 
Budd 
Bustos 
Cheney 
Gonzalez (OH) 
Johnson (LA) 
Kinzinger 
b 1200 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
MEMBERS RECORDED PURSUANT TO HOUSE 
RESOLUTION 8, 117TH CONGRESS 
Armstrong 
(Resch- 
enthaler) 
Baird (Walorski) 
Barraga´n 
(Correa) 
Bass (Blunt 
Rochester) 
Bilirakis 
(Fleischmann) 
Bowman (Evans) 
Brooks 
(Fleischmann) 
Brown (OH) 
(Beyer) 
Cawthorn (Gaetz) 
Clarke (NY) 
(Vela´zquez) 
Cooper (Correa) 
Comer 
(Fleischmann) 
Crist 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Cuellar (Pappas) 
Curtis (Moore 
(UT)) 
Davis, Danny K. 
(Gomez) 
DeGette (Blunt 
Rochester) 
Deutch (Rice 
(NY)) 
Donalds 
(Cammack) 
Espaillat 
(Correa) 
Ferguson 
(Kustoff) 
Frankel, Lois 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Garcı´a (IL) 
(Takano) 
Garcia (TX) 
(Gomez) 
Gimenez (Diaz- 
Balart) 
Green (TN) 
(Fleischmann) 
Harder (CA) 
(Gomez) 
Jayapal (Gomez) 
Johnson (TX) 
(Beyer) 
Joyce (OH) 
(Garbarino) 
Kahele (Takano) 
Katko 
(Garbarino) 
Kelly (IL) (Blunt 
Rochester) 
Kind (Beyer) 
Kirkpatrick 
(Pallone) 
Krishnamoorthi 
(Beyer) 
LaMalfa 
(Palazzo) 
Lawson (FL) 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Long 
(Fleischmann) 
Luetkemeyer 
(Meuser) 
Mace (Timmons) 
Manning (Beyer) 
McClain 
(Fitzgerald) 
McEachin 
(Wexton) 
McHenry 
(Rouzer) 
Meng (Kuster) 
Newman (Beyer) 
Owens (Moore 
(UT)) 
Panetta (Gomez) 
Price (NC) 
(Connolly) 
Rice (SC) 
(Meijer) 
Roybal-Allard 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Ryan (Kaptur) 
Salazar (Steube) 
Sa´nchez (Gomez) 
Scott, David 
(Correa) 
Sessions (Babin) 
Sires (Pallone) 
Speier (Scanlon) 
Steel (Obernolte) 
Stewart (Moore 
(UT)) 
Strickland 
(Takano) 
Suozzi (Beyer) 
Taylor (Carter 
(TX)) 
Thompson (MS) 
(Evans) 
Trone (Beyer) 
Waltz (Mast) 
Wilson (FL) 
(Evans) 
Wilson (SC) 
(Timmons) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The pre-
vious question is ordered on the bill, as 
amended. 
The question is on the engrossment 
and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the 
third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT 
Mr. LATTA. Madam Speaker, I have 
a motion to recommit at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the motion to recom-
mit. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Latta moves to recommit the bill H.R. 
3617 to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
The material previously referred to 
by Mr. LATTA is as follows: 
At the end of the Rules Committee Print, 
add the following (and make such con-
forming changes as may be necessary): 
TITLE II—HALT ALL LETHAL 
TRAFFICKING OF FENTANYL 
SEC. 201. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Halt All Le-
thal Trafficking of Fentanyl Act’’ or the 
‘‘HALT Fentanyl Act’’. 
SEC. 202. CLASS SCHEDULING OF FENTANYL-RE-
LATED SUBSTANCES. 
Section 202(c) of the Controlled Substances 
Act (21 U.S.C. 812(c)) is amended by adding at 
the end of schedule I the following: 
‘‘(e)(1) Unless specifically exempted or un-
less listed in another schedule, any material, 
compound, mixture, or preparation which 
contains any quantity of a fentanyl-related 
substance, or which contains the salts, iso-
mers, and salts of isomers of a fentanyl-re-
lated substance whenever the existence of 
such salts, isomers, and salts of isomers is 
possible within the specific chemical des-
ignation. 
‘‘(2) For purposes of paragraph (1), except 
as provided in paragraph (3), the term 
‘fentanyl-related substance’ means any sub-
stance 
that 
is 
structurally 
related 
to 
fentanyl by 1 or more of the following modi-
fications: 
‘‘(A) By replacement of the phenyl portion 
of the phenethyl group by any monocycle, 
whether or not further substituted in or on 
the monocycle. 
‘‘(B) By substitution in or on the phenethyl 
group with alkyl, alkenyl, alkoxyl, hydroxyl, 
halo, haloalkyl, amino, or nitro groups. 
‘‘(C) By substitution in or on the piperidine 
ring with alkyl, alkenyl, alkoxyl, ester, 
ether, hydroxyl, halo, haloalkyl, amino, or 
nitro groups. 
‘‘(D) By replacement of the aniline ring 
with any aromatic monocycle whether or not 
further substituted in or on the aromatic 
monocycle. 
‘‘(E) By replacement of the N–propionyl 
group with another acyl group. 
‘‘(3) A substance that satisfies the defini-
tion of the term ‘fentanyl-related substance’ 
in paragraph (2) shall nonetheless not be 
treated as a fentanyl-related substance sub-
ject to this schedule if the substance— 
‘‘(A) is controlled by action of the Attor-
ney General under section 201; or 
‘‘(B) is otherwise expressly listed in a 
schedule other than this schedule. 
‘‘(4)(A) The Attorney General may by order 
publish in the Federal Register a list of sub-
stances that satisfy the definition of the 
term ‘fentanyl-related substance’ in para-
graph (2). 
‘‘(B) The absence of a substance from a list 
published under subparagraph (A) does not 
negate the control status of the substance 
under this schedule if the substance satisfies 
the definition of the term ‘fentanyl-related 
substance’ in paragraph (2).’’. 
SEC. 203. REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS RE-
LATED TO RESEARCH. 
(a) ALTERNATIVE
REGISTRATION
PROCESS 
FOR SCHEDULE I RESEARCH.—Section 303 of 
the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 823) 
is amended by adding at the end the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(l) 
SPECIAL
PROVISIONS
FOR
PRACTI-
TIONERS CONDUCTING CERTAIN RESEARCH WITH 
SCHEDULE I CONTROLLED SUBSTANCES.— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
19:49 Apr 04, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00036
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\RECORD22\APRIL\H01AP2.REC
H01AP2
sradovich on DSKJLST7X2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CORRECTION

 -Page 35-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4113 
April 1, 2022 
‘‘(1) IN
GENERAL.—Notwithstanding sub-
section (f), a practitioner may conduct re-
search described in paragraph (2) of this sub-
section with 1 or more schedule I substances 
in accordance with subparagraph (A) or (B) 
of paragraph (3) of this subsection. 
‘‘(2) RESEARCH SUBJECT TO EXPEDITED PRO-
CEDURES.—Research described in this para-
graph is research that— 
‘‘(A) is with respect to a drug that is the 
subject of an investigational use exemption 
under section 505(i) of the Federal Food, 
Drug, and Cosmetic Act; or 
‘‘(B) is— 
‘‘(i) conducted by the Department of 
Health and Human Services or the Depart-
ment of Veterans Affairs; or 
‘‘(ii) funded partly or entirely by a grant, 
contract, cooperative agreement, or other 
transaction from the Department of Health 
and Human Services or the Department of 
Veterans Affairs. 
‘‘(3) EXPEDITED PROCEDURES.— 
‘‘(A) RESEARCHER WITH A CURRENT SCHED-
ULE I OR II RESEARCH REGISTRATION.— 
‘‘(i) IN GENERAL.—If a practitioner is reg-
istered to conduct research with a controlled 
substance in schedule I or II, the practi-
tioner may conduct research under this sub-
section on and after the date that is 30 days 
after the date on which the practitioner 
sends a notice to the Attorney General con-
taining the following information, with re-
spect to each substance with which the prac-
titioner will conduct the research: 
‘‘(I) The chemical name of the substance. 
‘‘(II) The quantity of the substance to be 
used in the research. 
‘‘(III) Demonstration that the research is 
in the category described in paragraph (2), 
which demonstration may be satisfied— 
‘‘(aa) in the case of a grant, contract, coop-
erative agreement, or other transaction, or 
intramural research project, by identifying 
the sponsoring agency and supplying the 
number of the grant, contract, cooperative 
agreement, other transaction, or project; or 
‘‘(bb) in the case of an application under 
section 505(i) of the Federal Food, Drug, and 
Cosmetic Act, by supplying the application 
number and the sponsor of record on the ap-
plication. 
‘‘(IV) Demonstration that the researcher is 
authorized to conduct research with respect 
to the substance under the laws of the State 
in which the research will take place. 
‘‘(ii) VERIFICATION OF INFORMATION BY HHS 
OR
VA.—Upon request from the Attorney 
General, the Secretary of Health and Human 
Services or the Secretary of Veterans Af-
fairs, as appropriate, shall verify informa-
tion submitted by an applicant under clause 
(i)(III). 
‘‘(B) 
RESEARCHER
WITHOUT
A
CURRENT 
SCHEDULE I OR II RESEARCH REGISTRATION.— 
‘‘(i) IN GENERAL.—If a practitioner is not 
registered to conduct research with a con-
trolled substance in schedule I or II, the 
practitioner may send a notice to the Attor-
ney General containing the information list-
ed in subparagraph (A)(i), with respect to 
each substance with which the practitioner 
will conduct the research. 
‘‘(ii) ATTORNEY GENERAL ACTION.—The At-
torney General shall— 
‘‘(I) treat notice received under clause (i) 
as a sufficient application for a research reg-
istration; and 
‘‘(II) not later than 45 days of receiving 
such a notice that contains all information 
required under subparagraph (A)(i)— 
‘‘(aa) register the applicant; or 
‘‘(bb) serve an order to show cause upon 
the applicant in accordance with section 
304(c). 
‘‘(4) ELECTRONIC SUBMISSIONS.—The Attor-
ney General shall provide a means to permit 
a practitioner to submit a notification under 
paragraph (3) electronically. 
‘‘(5) LIMITATION
ON
AMOUNTS.—A practi-
tioner conducting research with a schedule I 
substance under this subsection may only 
possess the amounts of schedule I substance 
identified in— 
‘‘(A) the notification to the Attorney Gen-
eral under paragraph (3); or 
‘‘(B) a supplemental notification that the 
practitioner may send if the practitioner 
needs additional amounts for the research, 
which supplemental notification shall in-
clude— 
‘‘(i) the name of the practitioner; 
‘‘(ii) the additional quantity needed of the 
substance; and 
‘‘(iii) an attestation that the research to be 
conducted with the substance is consistent 
with the scope of the research that was the 
subject of the notification under paragraph 
(3). 
‘‘(6) IMPORTATION
AND
EXPORTATION
RE-
QUIREMENTS NOT AFFECTED.—Nothing in this 
subsection alters the requirements of part A 
of title III, regarding the importation and 
exportation of controlled substances.’’. 
(b) SEPARATE REGISTRATIONS NOT REQUIRED 
FOR ADDITIONAL RESEARCHER IN SAME INSTI-
TUTION.—Section 302(c) of the Controlled 
Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 822(c)) is amended 
by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(4) An agent or employee of a research in-
stitution that is conducting research with a 
controlled substance if— 
‘‘(A) the agent or employee is acting with-
in the scope of the professional practice of 
the agent or employee; 
‘‘(B) another agent or employee of the in-
stitution is registered to conduct research 
with a controlled substance in the same 
schedule; 
‘‘(C) the researcher who is so registered— 
‘‘(i) informs the Attorney General of the 
name, position title, and employing institu-
tion of the agent or employee who is not sep-
arately registered; 
‘‘(ii) authorizes that agent or employee to 
perform research under the registration of 
the registered researcher; and 
‘‘(iii) affirms that any act taken by that 
agent or employee involving a controlled 
substance shall be attributable to the reg-
istered researcher, as if the researcher had 
directly committed the act, for purposes of 
any proceeding under section 304(a) to sus-
pend or revoke the registration of the reg-
istered researcher; and 
‘‘(D) the Attorney General does not, within 
30 days of receiving the information, author-
ization, and affirmation described in sub-
paragraph (C), refuse, for a reason listed in 
section 304(a), to allow the agent or em-
ployee to possess the substance without a 
separate registration.’’. 
(c) SINGLE REGISTRATION FOR RELATED RE-
SEARCH SITES.—Section 302(e) of the Con-
trolled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 822(e)) is 
amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(3)(A) Notwithstanding paragraph (1), a 
person registered to conduct research with a 
controlled substance under section 303(f) 
may conduct the research under a single reg-
istration if— 
‘‘(i) the research occurs exclusively on 
sites all of which are— 
‘‘(I) within the same city or county; and 
‘‘(II) under the control of the same institu-
tion, organization, or agency; and 
‘‘(ii) before commencing the research, the 
researcher notifies the Attorney General of 
each site where— 
‘‘(I) the research will be conducted; or 
‘‘(II) the controlled substance will be 
stored or administered. 
‘‘(B) A site described in subparagraph (A) 
shall be included in a registration described 
in that subparagraph only if the researcher 
has notified the Attorney General of the 
site— 
‘‘(i) in the application for the registration; 
or 
‘‘(ii) before the research is conducted, or 
before the controlled substance is stored or 
administered, at the site. 
‘‘(C) The Attorney General may, in con-
sultation with the Secretary, issue regula-
tions addressing, with respect to research 
sites described in subparagraph (A)— 
‘‘(i) the manner in which controlled sub-
stances may be delivered to the research 
sites; 
‘‘(ii) the storage and security of controlled 
substances at the research sites; 
‘‘(iii) the maintenance of records for the 
research sites; and 
‘‘(iv) any other matters necessary to en-
sure effective controls against diversion at 
the research sites.’’. 
(d) NEW INSPECTION NOT REQUIRED IN CER-
TAIN SITUATIONS.—Section 302(f) of the Con-
trolled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 822(f)) is 
amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘(f) The’’ and inserting 
‘‘(f)(1) The’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(2)(A) If a person is registered to conduct 
research with a controlled substance and ap-
plies for a registration, or for a modification 
of a registration, to conduct research with a 
second controlled substance that is in the 
same schedule as the first controlled sub-
stance, or is in a schedule with a higher nu-
merical designation than the schedule of the 
first controlled substance, a new inspection 
by the Attorney General of the registered lo-
cation is not required. 
‘‘(B) Nothing in subparagraph (A) shall 
prohibit the Attorney General from con-
ducting an inspection that the Attorney 
General determines necessary to ensure that 
a registrant maintains effective controls 
against diversion.’’. 
(e) CONTINUATION
OF
RESEARCH
ON
SUB-
STANCES NEWLY ADDED TO SCHEDULE I.—Sec-
tion 302 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 
U.S.C. 822) is amended by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(h) CONTINUATION
OF RESEARCH
ON SUB-
STANCES NEWLY ADDED TO SCHEDULE I.—If a 
person is conducting research on a substance 
when the substance is added to schedule I, 
and the person is already registered to con-
duct research with a controlled substance in 
schedule I— 
‘‘(1) not later than 90 days after the sched-
uling of the newly scheduled substance, the 
person shall submit a completed application 
for registration or modification of existing 
registration, to conduct research on the sub-
stance, in accordance with regulations issued 
by the Attorney General for purposes of this 
paragraph; 
‘‘(2) the person may, notwithstanding sub-
sections (a) and (b), continue to conduct the 
research on the substance until— 
‘‘(A) the person withdraws the application 
described in paragraph (1) of this subsection; 
or 
‘‘(B) the Attorney General serves on the 
person an order to show cause proposing the 
denial of the application under section 304(c); 
‘‘(3) if the Attorney General serves an 
order to show cause as described in para-
graph (2)(B) and the person requests a hear-
ing, the hearing shall be held on an expedited 
basis and not later than 45 days after the re-
quest is made, except that the hearing may 
be held at a later time if so requested by the 
person; and 
‘‘(4) if the person sends a copy of the appli-
cation described in paragraph (1) to a manu-
facturer or distributor of the substance, re-
ceipt of the copy by the manufacturer or dis-
tributor shall constitute sufficient evidence 
that the person is authorized to receive the 
substance.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:53 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00037
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A01AP7.037
H01APPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 36-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4114 
April 1, 2022 
(f) TREATMENT OF CERTAIN MANUFACTURING 
ACTIVITIES
AS
COINCIDENT
TO
RESEARCH.— 
Section 302 of the Controlled Substances Act 
(21 U.S.C. 822), as amended by subsection (e), 
is amended by adding at the end the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(i) TREATMENT
OF
CERTAIN
MANUFAC-
TURING
ACTIVITIES
AS
COINCIDENT
TO
RE-
SEARCH.— 
‘‘(1) IN
GENERAL.—Except as provided in 
paragraph (3), a person who is registered to 
perform research on a controlled substance 
may perform manufacturing activities with 
small quantities of that substance, including 
activities described in paragraph (2), without 
being required to obtain a manufacturing 
registration, if— 
‘‘(A) the activities are performed for the 
purpose of the research; and 
‘‘(B) the activities and the quantities of 
the substance involved in the activities are 
stated in— 
‘‘(i) a notification submitted to the Attor-
ney General under section 303(l); 
‘‘(ii) a research protocol filed with an ap-
plication for registration approval under sec-
tion 303(f); or 
‘‘(iii) a notification to the Attorney Gen-
eral that includes— 
‘‘(I) the name of the registrant; and 
‘‘(II) an attestation that the research to be 
conducted with the small quantities of man-
ufactured substance is consistent with the 
scope of the research that is the basis for the 
registration. 
‘‘(2) ACTIVITIES INCLUDED.—Activities per-
mitted under paragraph (1) include— 
‘‘(A) processing the substance to create ex-
tracts, tinctures, oils, solutions, derivatives, 
or other forms of the substance consistent 
with— 
‘‘(i) the information provided as part of a 
notification submitted to the Attorney Gen-
eral under section 303(l); or 
‘‘(ii) a research protocol filed with an ap-
plication for registration approval under sec-
tion 303(f); and 
‘‘(B) dosage form development studies per-
formed for the purpose of requesting an in-
vestigational new drug exemption under sec-
tion 505(i) of the Federal Food, Drug, and 
Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 355(i)). 
‘‘(3) EXCEPTION
REGARDING
MARIHUANA.— 
The authority under paragraph (1) to manu-
facture substances does not include the au-
thority to grow marihuana.’’. 
(g) 
TRANSPARENCY
REGARDING
SPECIAL 
PROCEDURES.—Section 303 of the Controlled 
Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 823), as amended 
by subsection (a), is amended by adding at 
the end the following: 
‘‘(m) TRANSPARENCY
REGARDING
SPECIAL 
PROCEDURES.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—If the Attorney General 
determines, with respect to a controlled sub-
stance, that an application by a practitioner 
to conduct research with the substance 
should be considered under a process, or sub-
ject to criteria, different from the process or 
criteria applicable to applications to conduct 
research with other controlled substances in 
the same schedule, the Attorney General 
shall make public, including by posting on 
the website of the Drug Enforcement Admin-
istration— 
‘‘(A) the identities of all substances for 
which such determinations have been made; 
‘‘(B) the process and criteria that shall be 
applied to applications to conduct research 
with those substances; and 
‘‘(C) how the process and criteria described 
in subparagraph (B) differ from the process 
and criteria applicable to applications to 
conduct research with other controlled sub-
stances in the same schedule. 
‘‘(2) TIMING
OF
POSTING.—The Attorney 
General shall make information described in 
paragraph (1) public upon making a deter-
mination described in that paragraph, re-
gardless of whether a practitioner has sub-
mitted such an application at that time.’’. 
SEC. 204. RULEMAKING. 
(a) INTERIM FINAL RULES.—The Attorney 
General— 
(1) shall, not later than 1 year of the date 
of enactment of this title, issue rules to im-
plement this title and the amendments made 
by this title; and 
(2) may issue the rules under paragraph (1) 
as interim final rules. 
(b) PROCEDURE FOR FINAL RULE.— 
(1) 
EFFECTIVENESS
OF
INTERIM
FINAL 
RULES.—A rule issued by the Attorney Gen-
eral as an interim final rule under subsection 
(a) shall become immediately effective as an 
interim final rule without requiring the At-
torney General to demonstrate good cause 
therefor, notwithstanding subparagraph (B) 
of section 553(b) of title 5, United States 
Code. 
(2) OPPORTUNITY FOR COMMENT AND HEAR-
ING.—An interim final rule issued under sub-
section (a) shall give interested persons the 
opportunity to comment and to request a 
hearing. 
(3) FINAL
RULE.—After the conclusion of 
such proceedings, the Attorney General shall 
issue a final rule to implement this title and 
the amendments made by this title in ac-
cordance with section 553 of title 5, United 
States Code. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 2(b) of rule XIX, the pre-
vious question is ordered on the motion 
to recommit. 
The question is on the motion to re-
commit. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that 
the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. LATTA. Madam Speaker, on that 
I demand the yeas and nays. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 3(s) of House Resolution 
8, the yeas and nays are ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 202, nays 
220, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 106] 
YEAS—202 
Aderholt 
Allen 
Amodei 
Armstrong 
Arrington 
Babin 
Bacon 
Baird 
Balderson 
Banks 
Barr 
Bentz 
Bergman 
Bice (OK) 
Biggs 
Bilirakis 
Bishop (NC) 
Boebert 
Bost 
Brady 
Brooks 
Buchanan 
Buck 
Bucshon 
Burchett 
Burgess 
Calvert 
Cammack 
Carey 
Carl 
Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) 
Cawthorn 
Chabot 
Cline 
Cloud 
Clyde 
Cole 
Comer 
Crawford 
Crenshaw 
Curtis 
Davidson 
Davis, Rodney 
DesJarlais 
Diaz-Balart 
Donalds 
Duncan 
Dunn 
Ellzey 
Emmer 
Estes 
Fallon 
Feenstra 
Ferguson 
Fischbach 
Fitzgerald 
Fitzpatrick 
Fleischmann 
Foxx 
Franklin, C. 
Scott 
Fulcher 
Gaetz 
Gallagher 
Garbarino 
Garcia (CA) 
Gibbs 
Gimenez 
Gohmert 
Gonzales, Tony 
Good (VA) 
Gooden (TX) 
Gosar 
Granger 
Graves (LA) 
Graves (MO) 
Green (TN) 
Greene (GA) 
Griffith 
Grothman 
Guest 
Guthrie 
Harris 
Harshbarger 
Hartzler 
Hern 
Herrell 
Herrera Beutler 
Hice (GA) 
Higgins (LA) 
Hill 
Hinson 
Hollingsworth 
Hudson 
Huizenga 
Issa 
Jackson 
Jacobs (NY) 
Johnson (OH) 
Johnson (SD) 
Jordan 
Joyce (OH) 
Joyce (PA) 
Katko 
Keller 
Kelly (MS) 
Kelly (PA) 
Kim (CA) 
Kustoff 
LaHood 
LaMalfa 
Lamborn 
Latta 
LaTurner 
Lesko 
Letlow 
Long 
Loudermilk 
Lucas 
Luetkemeyer 
Mace 
Malliotakis 
Mann 
Mast 
McCarthy 
McCaul 
McClain 
McClintock 
McHenry 
McKinley 
Meijer 
Meuser 
Miller (IL) 
Miller (WV) 
Miller-Meeks 
Moolenaar 
Mooney 
Moore (AL) 
Moore (UT) 
Mullin 
Murphy (NC) 
Nehls 
Newhouse 
Norman 
Obernolte 
Owens 
Palazzo 
Palmer 
Pence 
Perry 
Pfluger 
Posey 
Reed 
Reschenthaler 
Rice (SC) 
Rodgers (WA) 
Rogers (AL) 
Rogers (KY) 
Rose 
Rosendale 
Rouzer 
Roy 
Rutherford 
Salazar 
Scalise 
Schweikert 
Scott, Austin 
Sessions 
Simpson 
Smith (MO) 
Smith (NE) 
Smith (NJ) 
Smucker 
Spartz 
Stauber 
Steel 
Stefanik 
Steil 
Steube 
Stewart 
Taylor 
Tenney 
Thompson (PA) 
Tiffany 
Timmons 
Turner 
Upton 
Valadao 
Van Drew 
Van Duyne 
Wagner 
Walberg 
Walorski 
Waltz 
Weber (TX) 
Webster (FL) 
Wenstrup 
Westerman 
Williams (TX) 
Wilson (SC) 
Wittman 
Womack 
NAYS—220 
Adams 
Aguilar 
Allred 
Auchincloss 
Axne 
Barraga´n 
Bass 
Beatty 
Bera 
Beyer 
Bishop (GA) 
Blumenauer 
Blunt Rochester 
Bonamici 
Bourdeaux 
Bowman 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brown (MD) 
Brown (OH) 
Brownley 
Bush 
Butterfield 
Carbajal 
Ca´rdenas 
Carson 
Carter (LA) 
Cartwright 
Case 
Casten 
Castor (FL) 
Castro (TX) 
Cherfilus- 
McCormick 
Chu 
Cicilline 
Clark (MA) 
Clarke (NY) 
Cleaver 
Clyburn 
Cohen 
Connolly 
Cooper 
Correa 
Costa 
Courtney 
Craig 
Crist 
Crow 
Cuellar 
Davids (KS) 
Davis, Danny K. 
Dean 
DeFazio 
DeGette 
DeLauro 
DelBene 
Delgado 
Demings 
DeSaulnier 
Deutch 
Dingell 
Doggett 
Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Escobar 
Eshoo 
Espaillat 
Evans 
Fletcher 
Foster 
Frankel, Lois 
Gallego 
Garamendi 
Garcı´a (IL) 
Garcia (TX) 
Golden 
Gomez 
Gonzalez, 
Vicente 
Gottheimer 
Green, Al (TX) 
Grijalva 
Harder (CA) 
Hayes 
Higgins (NY) 
Himes 
Horsford 
Houlahan 
Hoyer 
Huffman 
Jackson Lee 
Jacobs (CA) 
Jayapal 
Jeffries 
Johnson (GA) 
Johnson (TX) 
Jones 
Kahele 
Kaptur 
Keating 
Kelly (IL) 
Khanna 
Kildee 
Kilmer 
Kim (NJ) 
Kind 
Kirkpatrick 
Krishnamoorthi 
Kuster 
Lamb 
Langevin 
Larsen (WA) 
Larson (CT) 
Lawrence 
Lawson (FL) 
Lee (CA) 
Lee (NV) 
Leger Fernandez 
Levin (CA) 
Levin (MI) 
Lieu 
Lofgren 
Lowenthal 
Luria 
Lynch 
Malinowski 
Maloney, 
Carolyn B. 
Maloney, Sean 
Manning 
Massie 
Matsui 
McBath 
McCollum 
McEachin 
McGovern 
McNerney 
Meeks 
Meng 
Mfume 
Moore (WI) 
Morelle 
Moulton 
Mrvan 
Murphy (FL) 
Nadler 
Napolitano 
Neal 
Neguse 
Newman 
Norcross 
O’Halleran 
Ocasio-Cortez 
Omar 
Pallone 
Panetta 
Pappas 
Pascrell 
Payne 
Perlmutter 
Peters 
Phillips 
Pingree 
Pocan 
Porter 
Pressley 
Price (NC) 
Quigley 
Raskin 
Rice (NY) 
Ross 
Roybal-Allard 
Ruiz 
Ruppersberger 
Rush 
Ryan 
Sa´nchez 
Sarbanes 
Scanlon 
Schakowsky 
Schiff 
Schneider 
Schrader 
Schrier 
Scott (VA) 
Scott, David 
Sewell 
Sherman 
Sherrill 
Sires 
Slotkin 
Smith (WA) 
Soto 
Spanberger 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:53 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00038
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A01AP7.037
H01APPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 37-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4115 
April 1, 2022 
Speier 
Stansbury 
Stanton 
Stevens 
Strickland 
Suozzi 
Swalwell 
Takano 
Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) 
Titus 
Tlaib 
Tonko 
Torres (CA) 
Torres (NY) 
Trahan 
Trone 
Underwood 
Vargas 
Veasey 
Vela´zquez 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters 
Watson Coleman 
Welch 
Wexton 
Wild 
Williams (GA) 
Wilson (FL) 
Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—7 
Budd 
Bustos 
Cheney 
Gonzalez (OH) 
Johnson (LA) 
Kinzinger 
Zeldin 
b 1215 
Mr. BROWN of Maryland changed his 
vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
So the motion to recommit was re-
jected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
MEMBERS RECORDED PURSUANT TO HOUSE 
RESOLUTION 8, 117TH CONGRESS 
Armstrong 
(Reschenthaler) 
Baird (Walorski) 
Barraga´n 
(Correa) 
Bass (Blunt 
Rochester) 
Bilirakis 
(Fleischmann) 
Bowman (Evans) 
Brooks 
(Fleischmann) 
Brown (OH) 
(Beyer) 
Cawthorn (Gaetz) 
Clarke (NY) 
(Vela´zquez) 
Cooper (Correa) 
Comer 
(Fleischmann) 
Crist 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Cuellar (Pappas) 
Curtis (Moore 
(UT)) 
Davis, Danny K. 
(Gomez) 
DeGette (Blunt 
Rochester) 
Deutch (Rice 
(NY)) 
Donalds 
(Cammack) 
Espaillat 
(Correa) 
Ferguson 
(Kustoff) 
Frankel, Lois 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Garcı´a (IL) 
(Takano) 
Garcia (TX) 
(Gomez) 
Gimenez (Diaz- 
Balart) 
Green (TN) 
(Fleischmann) 
Harder (CA) 
(Gomez) 
Jayapal (Gomez) 
Johnson (TX) 
(Beyer) 
Joyce (OH) 
(Garbarino) 
Kahele (Takano) 
Katko 
(Garbarino) 
Kelly (IL) (Blunt 
Rochester) 
Kind (Beyer) 
Kirkpatrick 
(Pallone) 
Krishnamoorthi 
(Beyer) 
LaMalfa 
(Palazzo) 
Lawson (FL) 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Long 
(Fleischmann) 
Luetkemeyer 
(Meuser) 
Mace (Timmons) 
Manning (Beyer) 
McClain 
(Fitzgerald) 
McEachin 
(Wexton) 
McHenry 
(Rouzer) 
Meng (Kuster) 
Newman (Beyer) 
Owens (Moore 
(UT)) 
Panetta (Gomez) 
Price (NC) 
(Connolly) 
Rice (SC) 
(Meijer) 
Roybal-Allard 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Ryan (Kaptur) 
Salazar (Steube) 
Sa´nchez (Gomez) 
Scott, David 
(Correa) 
Sessions (Babin) 
Sires (Pallone) 
Speier (Scanlon) 
Steel (Obernolte) 
Stewart (Moore 
(UT)) 
Strickland 
(Takano) 
Suozzi (Beyer) 
Taylor (Carter 
(TX)) 
Thompson (MS) 
(Evans) 
Trone (Beyer) 
Waltz (Mast) 
Wilson (FL) 
(Evans) 
Wilson (SC) 
(Timmons) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that 
the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. BENTZ. Madam Speaker, on that 
I demand the yeas and nays. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 3(s) of House Resolution 
8, the yeas and nays are ordered. 
This will be a 5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 220, nays 
204, not voting 5, as follows: 
[Roll No. 107] 
YEAS—220 
Adams 
Aguilar 
Allred 
Auchincloss 
Axne 
Barraga´n 
Bass 
Beatty 
Bera 
Beyer 
Bishop (GA) 
Blumenauer 
Blunt Rochester 
Bonamici 
Bourdeaux 
Bowman 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brown (MD) 
Brown (OH) 
Brownley 
Bush 
Butterfield 
Carbajal 
Ca´rdenas 
Carson 
Carter (LA) 
Cartwright 
Case 
Casten 
Castor (FL) 
Castro (TX) 
Cherfilus- 
McCormick 
Chu 
Cicilline 
Clark (MA) 
Clarke (NY) 
Cleaver 
Clyburn 
Cohen 
Connolly 
Cooper 
Correa 
Costa 
Courtney 
Craig 
Crist 
Crow 
Davids (KS) 
Davis, Danny K. 
Dean 
DeFazio 
DeGette 
DeLauro 
DelBene 
Delgado 
Demings 
DeSaulnier 
Deutch 
Dingell 
Doggett 
Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Escobar 
Eshoo 
Espaillat 
Evans 
Fletcher 
Foster 
Frankel, Lois 
Gaetz 
Gallego 
Garamendi 
Garcı´a (IL) 
Garcia (TX) 
Golden 
Gomez 
Gonzalez, 
Vicente 
Gottheimer 
Green, Al (TX) 
Grijalva 
Harder (CA) 
Hayes 
Higgins (NY) 
Himes 
Horsford 
Houlahan 
Hoyer 
Huffman 
Jackson Lee 
Jacobs (CA) 
Jayapal 
Jeffries 
Johnson (GA) 
Johnson (TX) 
Jones 
Kahele 
Kaptur 
Keating 
Kelly (IL) 
Khanna 
Kildee 
Kilmer 
Kim (NJ) 
Kind 
Kirkpatrick 
Krishnamoorthi 
Kuster 
Lamb 
Langevin 
Larsen (WA) 
Larson (CT) 
Lawrence 
Lawson (FL) 
Lee (CA) 
Lee (NV) 
Leger Fernandez 
Levin (CA) 
Levin (MI) 
Lieu 
Lofgren 
Lowenthal 
Luria 
Lynch 
Malinowski 
Maloney, 
Carolyn B. 
Maloney, Sean 
Manning 
Mast 
Matsui 
McBath 
McClintock 
McCollum 
McEachin 
McGovern 
McNerney 
Meeks 
Meng 
Mfume 
Moore (WI) 
Morelle 
Moulton 
Mrvan 
Murphy (FL) 
Nadler 
Napolitano 
Neal 
Neguse 
Newman 
Norcross 
O’Halleran 
Ocasio-Cortez 
Omar 
Pallone 
Panetta 
Pascrell 
Payne 
Perlmutter 
Peters 
Phillips 
Pingree 
Pocan 
Porter 
Pressley 
Price (NC) 
Quigley 
Raskin 
Rice (NY) 
Ross 
Roybal-Allard 
Ruiz 
Ruppersberger 
Rush 
Ryan 
Sa´nchez 
Sarbanes 
Scanlon 
Schakowsky 
Schiff 
Schneider 
Schrader 
Schrier 
Scott (VA) 
Scott, David 
Sewell 
Sherman 
Sherrill 
Sires 
Slotkin 
Smith (WA) 
Soto 
Spanberger 
Speier 
Stansbury 
Stanton 
Stevens 
Strickland 
Suozzi 
Swalwell 
Takano 
Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) 
Titus 
Tlaib 
Tonko 
Torres (CA) 
Torres (NY) 
Trahan 
Trone 
Underwood 
Vargas 
Veasey 
Vela´zquez 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters 
Watson Coleman 
Welch 
Wexton 
Wild 
Williams (GA) 
Wilson (FL) 
Yarmuth 
NAYS—204 
Aderholt 
Allen 
Amodei 
Armstrong 
Arrington 
Babin 
Bacon 
Baird 
Balderson 
Banks 
Barr 
Bentz 
Bergman 
Bice (OK) 
Biggs 
Bilirakis 
Bishop (NC) 
Boebert 
Bost 
Brady 
Brooks 
Buchanan 
Buck 
Bucshon 
Burchett 
Burgess 
Calvert 
Cammack 
Carey 
Carl 
Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) 
Cawthorn 
Chabot 
Cline 
Cloud 
Clyde 
Cole 
Comer 
Crawford 
Crenshaw 
Cuellar 
Curtis 
Davidson 
Davis, Rodney 
DesJarlais 
Diaz-Balart 
Donalds 
Duncan 
Dunn 
Ellzey 
Emmer 
Estes 
Fallon 
Feenstra 
Ferguson 
Fischbach 
Fitzgerald 
Fitzpatrick 
Fleischmann 
Foxx 
Franklin, C. 
Scott 
Fulcher 
Gallagher 
Garbarino 
Garcia (CA) 
Gibbs 
Gimenez 
Gohmert 
Gonzales, Tony 
Gonzalez (OH) 
Good (VA) 
Gooden (TX) 
Gosar 
Granger 
Graves (LA) 
Graves (MO) 
Green (TN) 
Greene (GA) 
Griffith 
Grothman 
Guest 
Guthrie 
Harris 
Harshbarger 
Hartzler 
Hern 
Herrell 
Herrera Beutler 
Hice (GA) 
Higgins (LA) 
Hill 
Hinson 
Hollingsworth 
Hudson 
Huizenga 
Issa 
Jackson 
Jacobs (NY) 
Johnson (OH) 
Johnson (SD) 
Jordan 
Joyce (OH) 
Joyce (PA) 
Katko 
Keller 
Kelly (MS) 
Kelly (PA) 
Kim (CA) 
Kinzinger 
Kustoff 
LaHood 
LaMalfa 
Lamborn 
Latta 
LaTurner 
Lesko 
Letlow 
Long 
Loudermilk 
Lucas 
Luetkemeyer 
Mace 
Malliotakis 
Mann 
Massie 
McCarthy 
McCaul 
McClain 
McHenry 
McKinley 
Meijer 
Meuser 
Miller (IL) 
Miller (WV) 
Miller-Meeks 
Moolenaar 
Mooney 
Moore (AL) 
Moore (UT) 
Mullin 
Murphy (NC) 
Nehls 
Newhouse 
Norman 
Obernolte 
Owens 
Palazzo 
Palmer 
Pappas 
Pence 
Perry 
Pfluger 
Posey 
Reed 
Reschenthaler 
Rice (SC) 
Rodgers (WA) 
Rogers (AL) 
Rogers (KY) 
Rose 
Rosendale 
Rouzer 
Roy 
Rutherford 
Salazar 
Scalise 
Schweikert 
Scott, Austin 
Sessions 
Simpson 
Smith (MO) 
Smith (NE) 
Smith (NJ) 
Smucker 
Spartz 
Stauber 
Steel 
Stefanik 
Steil 
Steube 
Stewart 
Taylor 
Tenney 
Thompson (PA) 
Tiffany 
Timmons 
Turner 
Upton 
Valadao 
Van Drew 
Van Duyne 
Wagner 
Walberg 
Walorski 
Waltz 
Weber (TX) 
Webster (FL) 
Wenstrup 
Westerman 
Williams (TX) 
Wilson (SC) 
Wittman 
Womack 
NOT VOTING—5 
Budd 
Bustos 
Cheney 
Johnson (LA) 
Zeldin 
b 1231 
So the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
Ms. CHENEY. Madam Speaker, I missed all 
votes on 4/1 due to illness. Had I been 
present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall 
No. 103, ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 104, ‘‘nay’’ on 
rollcall No. 105, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 106, and 
‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 107. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
Mr. BUDD. Madam Speaker, I was unable 
to attend votes in D.C. due to an important 
constituent event. Had I been present, I would 
have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 103, ‘‘nay’’ on 
rollcall No. 104, ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 105, 
‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 106, and ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall 
No. 107. 
f 
MEMBERS RECORDED PURSUANT TO HOUSE 
RESOLUTION 8, 117TH CONGRESS 
Armstrong 
(Resch- 
enthaler) 
Baird (Walorski) 
Barraga´n 
(Correa) 
Bass (Blunt 
Rochester) 
Bilirakis 
(Fleischmann) 
Bowman (Evans) 
Brooks 
(Fleischmann) 
Brown (OH) 
(Beyer) 
Cawthorn (Gaetz) 
Clarke (NY) 
(Vela´zquez) 
Cooper (Correa) 
Comer 
(Fleischmann) 
Crist 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Cuellar (Pappas) 
Curtis (Moore 
(UT)) 
Davis, Danny K. 
(Gomez) 
DeGette (Blunt 
Rochester) 
Deutch (Rice 
(NY)) 
Donalds 
(Cammack) 
Espaillat 
(Correa) 
Ferguson 
(Kustoff) 
Frankel, Lois 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Garcı´a (IL) 
(Takano) 
Garcia (TX) 
(Gomez) 
Gimenez (Diaz- 
Balart) 
Gonzalez (OH) 
(Balderson) 
Green (TN) 
(Fleischmann) 
Harder (CA) 
(Gomez) 
Jayapal (Gomez) 
Johnson (TX) 
(Beyer) 
Joyce (OH) 
(Garbarino) 
Kahele (Takano) 
Katko 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:53 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00039
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A01AP7.042
H01APPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 38-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4116 
April 1, 2022 
(Garbarino)Kelly 
(IL) (Blunt 
Rochester) 
Kind (Beyer) 
Kinzinger 
(Meijer) 
Kirkpatrick 
(Pallone) 
Krishnamoorthi 
(Beyer) 
LaMalfa 
(Palazzo) 
Lawson (FL) 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Long 
(Fleischmann) 
Luetkemeyer 
(Meuser) 
Mace (Timmons) 
Manning (Beyer) 
McClain 
(Fitzgerald) 
McEachin 
(Wexton) 
McHenry 
(Rouzer) 
Meng (Kuster) 
Newman (Beyer) 
Owens (Moore 
(UT)) 
Panetta (Gomez) 
Price (NC) 
(Connolly) 
Rice (SC) 
(Meijer) 
Roybal-Allard 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Ryan (Kaptur) 
Salazar (Steube) 
Sa´nchez (Gomez) 
Scott, David 
(Correa) 
Sessions (Babin) 
Sires (Pallone) 
Speier (Scanlon) 
Steel (Obernolte) 
Stewart (Moore 
(UT)) 
Strickland 
(Takano) 
Suozzi (Beyer) 
Taylor (Carter 
(TX)) 
Thompson (MS) 
(Evans) 
Trone (Beyer) 
Waltz (Mast) 
Wilson (FL) 
(Evans) 
Wilson (SC) 
(Timmons) 
f 
LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM 
(Mr. SCALISE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. SCALISE. Madam Speaker, I rise 
for the purpose of inquiring of the ma-
jority leader the schedule for next 
week. 
Madam Speaker, I yield to the gen-
tleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER), 
the majority leader of the House. 
Mr. 
HOYER. 
Madam 
Speaker, 
I 
thank the gentleman, the Republican 
whip from Louisiana, for yielding. 
On Monday, the House will meet at 12 
p.m., Madam Speaker, for morning- 
hour and 2 p.m. for legislative business, 
with votes postponed until 6:30 p.m. 
On Tuesday and Wednesday, the 
House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning- 
hour and 12 p.m. for legislative busi-
ness. 
On Thursday, the House will meet at 
9 a.m. for legislative business. 
The House will consider several bills 
under suspension of the rules. The com-
plete list of suspension bills will be an-
nounced by the close of business today. 
The House will consider a resolution 
from the Select Committee to Inves-
tigate the January 6th Attack on the 
U.S. Capitol recommending the House 
ask the Justice Department to charge 
Peter Navarro and Dan Scavino, Jr., 
with criminal contempt of Congress for 
refusing to testify about their actions 
and knowledge relating to the violent 
effort to prevent the certification of 
the 2020 election. 
Additionally, Madam Speaker, the 
House may consider legislation related 
to the COVID–19 pandemic. Additional 
legislative items are possible. 
Mr. SCALISE. Madam Speaker, as we 
look at the schedule for next week, ob-
viously, there are a lot of concerns 
about the continuing rising price of 
gasoline that we have been seeing for 
the last year and a half. President 
Biden talked about some things that he 
will do. 
In regard to some of the long-term 
fixes to lower gas prices that have been 
filed, I know I have mentioned them to 
the majority leader in the past. H.R. 
6858 is one of the bills that would ad-
dress some of the real impediments to 
getting more oil and gas production 
here in the United States. There are a 
number of other bills, including six dif-
ferent bills that were filed by the Nat-
ural Resources Committee recently, 
that would address some of the other 
specific challenges that are holding 
back 
the 
ability 
for 
America 
to 
produce more oil and gas. 
I would ask the gentleman if we 
could get those bills on the calendar so 
that we can move to actually address 
the problems that are holding back 
American oil and gas production, thus 
leading to higher prices. 
Madam Speaker, I yield to the gen-
tleman. 
Mr. 
HOYER. 
Madam 
Speaker, 
I 
thank the gentleman for that question, 
and I have been thinking about that 
because he asks that regularly. 
I particularly have been thinking 
about that question in the context of 
the fact that we have so much avail-
able acreage on which to produce oil 
and gas currently permitted. When I 
say a number, we are talking about lit-
erally millions of acres. 
Madam Speaker, there are 9,000 un-
used, approved permits right now. 
There are 26 million acres of public 
land available right now. There are 11 
million acres of Federal waters avail-
able. That is 37 million acres in total. 
In addition to that, 80 million acres 
in the Gulf were put up for auction last 
fall, 2021, under President Biden, which 
was the largest lease sale in U.S. his-
tory. Unfortunately, the private sector 
bought only 1.7 acres out of 80 million. 
Frankly, it appears to be that no 
matter what we pass, no matter how 
many permits we make available, there 
is not an appetite in the private sector 
for producing more. 
I say that in the context of the pro-
ducers. To their credit, they are claim-
ing victory. They are claiming victory 
at the extraordinary profits that they 
have gotten. They are buying back 
stocks. They are paying large divi-
dends. But they are not producing 
more product. 
Now, it may well be that they think 
the price is pretty high, and they are 
making a good profit and don’t need to 
do anything more. But the gentleman’s 
questions, Madam Speaker, contin-
ually imply that there is some impedi-
ment to producing more product. 
Of course, the United States is the 
largest producer of oil and natural gas 
in the world, and we have increased 
very substantially over the past few 
years in production. 
I say to the gentleman the commit-
tees are looking at the bills the gen-
tleman refers to. But in terms of pro-
duction, the United States is producing 
18.61 billion barrels per day, which is 20 
percent of the world’s production. 
The President announced, just the 
other day, the release of a million bar-
rels per day from the Strategic Petro-
leum Reserve. That is going to be 180 
million barrels over the next 6 months. 
In fact, when he did that, I don’t 
know whether it had direct impact, but 
as the gentleman knows, the price on 
the global market has come down. I 
think it came down $7 in the last 
month or $7 in the last week. 
The administration is clearly making 
some substantial policy changes, one of 
which is use it or lose it. I said there 
were 9,000 permitted, ready to go, ready 
to drill, right now, today. 
The President has said, in his poli-
cies: We have given all these permits. 
If you are not going to use these per-
mits, then you are either going to pay 
a fee or give them back, and we are 
going ask other people who want to 
produce more product. 
You would think in the capitalist 
system which we have, which I strong-
ly, strongly support, that given the 
price of oil being so high, people would 
look for more product, unless they 
want to limit the availability of prod-
uct and, therefore, keep the price even 
higher. 
I don’t know which is the option 
there, but I will tell the gentleman 
that the President has activated the 
Defense Production Act, looking for 
critical materials, not just oil, but 
lithium, nickel, cobalt, graphite, man-
ganese, for all sorts of things that we 
need. The President has taken very, 
very strong steps. 
In addition to that, which is very im-
portant, Madam Speaker, what we have 
done is passed legislation which will, in 
the relatively near term—not tomor-
row, not next week, not next month— 
make us less and less reliant on over-
seas suppliers of energy that clearly 
have shown themselves to be not reli-
able and clearly have been seen to be 
people who want to create a monopoly, 
a cartel, so that they can keep prices 
unusually high and, of course, in the 
process continue to assault the envi-
ronment and damage the climate of 
this global community, which will have 
an extraordinary cost. 
In answer to the gentleman’s ques-
tion, the committees are looking at 
those bills that you mentioned. I will 
mention to them again looking at 
those bills. 
Very frankly, any implication that 
we are not producing more product be-
cause there is some constraint by the 
Federal Government on production is 
simply not accurate, Madam Speaker. 
Again, 9,000 leases; 37 million acres 
available—26 million on public lands— 
permitted, ready to go, and they have 
not been drilled on. 
The President is saying: If you don’t 
drill, if you are not going to produce 
more product—we want more product. 
We need more product in the short 
term. If you don’t want to produce it, 
then we are going to give those leases 
to somebody else. 
b 1245 
Mr. SCALISE. Madam Speaker, a 
number of problems with the way that 
the President’s plan was described is 
that that is not what the President has 
done. The President has worked aggres-
sively through many of his Federal 
agencies to, in fact, block the produc-
tion of oil and gas. 
And let me bring you back to can-
didate Barack Obama. There are a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:53 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00040
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A01AP7.040
H01APPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 39-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4117 
April 1, 2022 
number of specific examples I am going 
to give the gentleman because the gen-
tleman gave a number of specific exam-
ples that just don’t comply with the 
facts, starting with the 9,000 leases, the 
thousands of acres that I know the—— 
Mr. HOYER. Millions, millions. 
Mr. SCALISE. President has talked 
about and others have talked about 
that, frankly, don’t tell the picture of 
what the President is also doing to en-
sure that you cannot develop on those 
lands. You cannot develop with those 
9,000 leases. 
And I will go back to candidate Joe 
Biden. This is what Joe Biden said 
when he was a candidate for President. 
‘‘No more drilling on Federal lands. No 
more drilling, including offshore. No 
ability for the oil industry to continue 
to drill, period. It ends.’’ 
That was Joe Biden as a candidate. 
The problem is he continued to take 
steps to carry through on that, start-
ing with the 9,000 leases. If you have a 
lease to drill, it sounds really good 
until you realize that you still have to 
go through other steps to develop that. 
First of all, in some cases, you may ac-
tually go test wells, and you find out 
that they are not producing. 
Thousands, by the way, of those in 
the 9,000 are not producing wells, 
meaning they are dry holes. There is 
no oil. Now, I don’t know if you are 
going to fine a company because they 
are not drilling in an area where there 
is no oil, but maybe that is what the 
President is talking about, or maybe 
he doesn’t understand the process of 
drilling for oil. 
So then you go to some of the other 
areas, and I will give you section 1002 
of ANWR, as an example. There needs 
to be seismic development where you 
go and test to see where the oil is. 
We have a lot of advanced technology 
where, in the past, they might drill 
even more dry holes. Today, you can 
actually go and develop through seis-
mic technology to know pretty well 
where the oil is, where the biggest re-
serves are, and then that is where you 
go and drill. 
And so the Federal agencies are 
blocking the ability to do seismic ac-
tivity, so you can’t find out what is 
under the ground. So great. You have 
got a permit. You can’t find out the 
seismic because the Biden administra-
tion is blocking it, so you can’t make 
the multibillion-dollar investment be-
cause you don’t know what is under the 
ground where. 
In other countries, they allow that to 
happen. These companies are making 
investments, by the way. They are just 
not making the investment in America 
because they can’t get cooperation 
from the regulating agencies because 
the regulating agencies don’t want 
them to drill. Because, again, Presi-
dent Joe Biden as a candidate said, 
‘‘There will be no more drilling. . . . No 
ability for the oil industry to continue 
to drill, period. It ends.’’ And then he 
directed his agencies to do it. 
Another 
example 
that 
has 
been 
brought up just the other day, less 
than a week ago. Again, we are talking 
about prices hovering in the $100 range. 
Raiding, in the short term, the Stra-
tegic 
Petroleum 
Reserve 
actually 
makes our country less safe because 
the Strategic Petroleum Reserve is 
there to be a safety net. If there is a 
national crisis somewhere, you can 
rely on the Strategic Petroleum Re-
serve to get you through the next few 
weeks while you are working on a sup-
ply chain issue. That is not what is 
going on. The President is just raiding 
the Strategic Petroleum Reserve to try 
to cover up for his failed policy. 
And so if you look at what he just did 
the other day, President Biden’s Secu-
rities and Exchange Commission just 
put out a whole new set of rules and 
regulations to make it hard, not just 
for oil and gas companies, but any 
other company to use fossil fuels. 
Again, he has talked about this pub-
licly. He wants to move away from fos-
sil fuels. The problem is, he is telling 
his regulatory agencies to go make it 
incredibly difficult and more expensive 
to use fossil fuels. In his budget just 
earlier this week, he proposed $45 bil-
lion in new taxes on oil and gas in 
America. 
Now, I know he has been, in the past, 
begging Putin to produce more. He is 
begging Venezuela, other dictators, 
Iran, to produce more oil. He is not 
proposing to raise their taxes. He is 
proposing to raise the tax on oil and 
gas produced in the American to the 
tune of $45 billion in his budget he just 
released Monday. 
That would mean higher gas prices. 
But what it also does is it tells the oil 
and gas companies, don’t drill in Amer-
ica because that is what President 
Biden as candidate said, No more drill-
ing, period. It ends. 
Then the SEC continued to do other 
things; this ESG movement where they 
are trying to get the big oil and gas 
companies to not drill for oil. So you 
are an oil and gas company, you are 
Exxon, and they are pushing to try to 
get those companies to separate into 
two different entities so that they can 
cut off financing for oil and gas devel-
opment projects. They are doing it 
right now. 
We have got a number of bills to fix 
this. And as the gentleman talks 
about, we want to do these things. We 
want to open it up. Except if you are 
saying on one hand, I am going to build 
this road, and I don’t know why you 
are not driving down the road. But on 
the other hand, you have got people 
barricading the road, and then you say, 
look, nobody’s using the road, so why 
even bother. You know, fine them for 
not using the road. And then you go 
look at the on-ramp, and you find out 
that they have put 10 barricades in 
front of the on-ramp so you can’t get 
on the road. 
That is what President Biden has 
done to oil and gas drilling in America. 
He has actually failed to comply with 
the law on the requirements that he 
conduct lease sales that he has not 
conducted which the law requires him 
to do. There are actually lawsuits that 
we have won in court, and he continues 
to obfuscate those laws. 
So there is a bill called the Restore 
Onshore Energy Production Act. It im-
mediately resumes oil and gas lease 
sales and requires quarterly lease sales 
in each State with an oil and gas pro-
gram. That is something the President 
should be doing if he wanted to actu-
ally lower the cost of gasoline and 
produce in America, he would be doing, 
but he won’t do it. So this bill would 
require him to do it. I would love us to 
bring that bill up. 
And, again, if the gentleman says, 
Hey, why don’t we produce on those 
9,000 leases? This would actually help 
the ones that aren’t dry holes where 
companies are trying to find out how 
they can go and drill, but they are 
being blocked by President Biden’s dif-
ferent regulatory agencies. This would 
remove some of those roadblocks. 
The Strategy to Secure Offshore En-
ergy Act would actually require the 
publication of the 5-year plan for off-
shore oil and gas lease sales and re-
quire timelines for developing subse-
quent leasing plans. That is supposed 
to be done under law. The President’s 
not doing it. This would require he do 
it. 
The Energy Permitting Certainty 
Act requires the Department of the In-
terior to process applications for per-
mits to drill under a valid lease, re-
gardless of any unrelated civil actions 
where some of these groups use other 
laws like the Endangered Species Act 
to block drilling, again, saying there 
are leases. Why aren’t you using them? 
President Biden is saying, We are 
going to fine you for not using them as 
he is using his other agencies to stop 
them from using the leases. 
You have got EPA over here and the 
Department of the Interior over there. 
You have got the SEC over there, all 
putting up roadblocks to the roadway, 
and then the President says, Look, 
there are no cars on the road. We are 
going to fine you for not using the 
road. 
Well, how about you take the road-
blocks off the on-ramp so that you can 
actually get on the road and drill? 
President Biden is trying to have it 
both ways. He is trying to appease the 
people who he promised, I am going to 
shut down drilling. Unfortunately, he 
is doing that. But then he is going and 
telling the public, I want them to drill. 
And in fact, I am going to fine them if 
they don’t drill, while he is stopping 
them from drilling. 
Again, other bills that we have to fix 
these problems that President Biden is 
putting up as roadblocks: The Securing 
American Energy and Investing in 
Reliancy Act requires the Department 
of the Interior to conduct all remain-
ing offshore oil and gas leases in the 
current leasing plan and issue the 
leases, one, as a result of Lease Sale 
257; additional impediments he has put 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:53 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00041
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K01AP7.047
H01APPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 40-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4118 
April 1, 2022 
in front of people that have already fol-
lowed the rules, but he is still not let-
ting them actually go do what they 
want to do. 
They want to drill in America, and 
he is forcing them out of America. 
That is why he is begging foreign coun-
tries when he, himself, can remove the 
roadblocks that he put in place to stop 
drilling in America. 
And there are more bills. There are a 
number of other bills. We will be happy 
to go over each of them with you. 
But what we are saying is, there are 
very specific things President Biden 
has done to impede the ability for us to 
drill in America. 
There are companies all across the 
country that know how to drill and 
can’t drill in America. And instead of 
the President trying to use taglines 
and divert and talk about Putin and 
everybody else, when he is the one that 
is giving Putin leverage by shutting 
America off—and, again, this isn’t acci-
dental. He, as a candidate, said, ‘‘No 
more drilling on Federal lands. No 
more drilling, including offshore. No 
ability for the gas industry to continue 
to drill, period. It ends.’’ 
Unfortunately, it has ended, and we 
are trying to get it started up again by 
reversing the very things Joe Biden did 
to stop it. And we are asking for help 
here on this floor to address these very 
specific problems. 
Madam Speaker, I yield to the gen-
tleman. 
Mr. HOYER. Well, I am not surprised 
that the gentleman, and many of the 
bills that he refers to, want to under-
mine the regulation to protect the 
health and welfare of the American 
people which those are designed to do, 
and most of which I think, you know, 
the gentleman’s side of the aisle did 
not support or enforce when they were 
in charge of the Presidency. 
Madam Speaker, all of that rhetoric 
about the President doesn’t want to do 
this, doesn’t want to do this, 80 million 
acres. 1.7 million acres bid on. If, in 
fact, people were looking for additional 
ways and means to produce at a price 
that is historic, they would do so. And 
he dismisses, Madam Speaker, the 9,000 
leases that exist. Now, maybe—— 
Mr. SCALISE. Madam Speaker, for 
correction, that is not what I did. I ac-
tually went through how those 9,000 
leases are being blocked by the Presi-
dent from being utilized properly. 
Mr. HOYER. Madam Speaker, yes. If, 
in fact, that was the reason for non- 
production, we all would have heard of 
the fact when we are not producing, 
and the stock market would have heard 
about that, and the companies would 
be lamenting the fact that they are not 
producing more. 
In fact, when you read their reports, 
they are indicating we are making very 
high profits. We are not putting money 
into production at this point in time, 
and we are buying back stocks, and we 
are paying high dividends. 
I do not criticize them for making 
what is a business decision. That busi-
ness decision, however, has had an ad-
verse effect. Why? Because we are not 
moving quickly enough to not be reli-
ant on fossil fuels which the President, 
in his remarks, wants to get to. 
We have a disagreement between our 
parties, Madam Speaker, on that issue. 
Drill, baby, drill. That has been the 
mantra forever. And it was 73 degrees 
yesterday. And our planet is hurting. 
The trees on my property produced 
blossoms long before they usually do. 
They are confused. But not only are 
they confused; it is dangerous for agri-
culture. It is dangerous for human 
beings. It is dangerous for animal life. 
It is dangerous for our seas. And we 
have a difference of opinion. 
That is what the President was 
speaking to, that we need to move to-
wards that end, but he understands, as 
we all understand, that fossil fuels are 
necessary right now. 
Natural gas is—we are the biggest 
producer of natural gas in the world. 
We are the biggest producer of oil in 
the world. That hasn’t stopped. And, 
yes, we need to get to, as our Build 
Back Better bill does, that none of the 
Republicans voted for, it gets to a reli-
ance on fuel that will not help Putin. 
Now, there are some people in the 
Republican party who apparently think 
Putin is a pretty good guy. He is a ge-
nius. He is this, that, and the other. 
We don’t think so. We think he is a 
war criminal. And we think there are 
some other folks who are providing us 
with oil on whom we ought not to rely, 
not only for the global health, but also 
for our national security. 
And to the extent that we invest in 
alternatives which, by the way, every 
energy company in America, and I 
think the world, probably—I am not 
going to say that, but in America—that 
I thought wants to do. They are all 
doing research on alternative energy 
sources because they know that at 
some point, we need to get off of the re-
liance on fossil fuel. That is what the 
President was speaking about. 
But he leased—he put 80 million 
acres in the Gulf for lease. Well, why 
would anybody put 80 million if there 
was no more drilling? He put 80 million 
acres, and only 1.7 million the private 
sector even sort of nodded at, before 
any tests, before any knowledge. You 
know, they need the lease to test it. 
So I say to my friend, we are going to 
need fossil fuel, and we need to bring 
gasoline prices down. But, very frank-
ly, we are not going to bring prices 
down if we don’t produce more product, 
and the focus is not higher profits, buy-
ing back stock, and making high divi-
dends. There is no incentive to do that. 
b 1300 
We need to do it. I have urged the 
President to talk to the leaders of the 
energy companies in our country. They 
are part of the success of America. We 
are at war. We are at war with Putin, 
a war criminal, a tyrant, and that has 
destabilized world markets; since the 
last month up a dollar. That is Putin’s 
dollar we are paying. We are paying 
that dollar because of Putin. 
Madam Speaker, the whip mentioned 
Putin as an aside; just as an aside, as if 
the contemplation, as the President 
pointed out, Madam Speaker, that Rus-
sia was going to invade Ukraine. Even 
Mr. Zelenskyy thought maybe you are 
overstating the case. Extraordinarily 
courageous leader in Ukraine. 
So even in preparation for the insta-
bility that this war that Putin has 
criminally undertaken without any 
provocation—murdering people, women 
and children, people in hospitals, peo-
ple in schools—yes, oil prices have gone 
up because the world market was very 
concerned about this. We don’t control 
it here. 
So although it is a dollar since he in-
vaded, I am convinced that a substan-
tial amount of the increase was caused 
by the instability of his threat. Mar-
shalling 
troops 
at 
the 
border 
of 
Ukraine and Belarus from Russia de-
stabilized the market, no doubt about 
it. 
I tell the gentleman again, there is 
an ability to drill. There is an ability 
to do research and discover and do the 
seismic tests. There is that ability 
now. I don’t accept the gentleman’s 
premise that there is a roadblock. 
The President does not want to ex-
pand. You understand that. He has said 
that; you quoted him. He wants to get 
to 
alternative 
energy 
sources. 
He 
wants to save the planet. I share that 
view with him. But we are going to 
have to have fossil fuels in the short 
term because we won’t be able to power 
our economy or our people for some 
years to come. 
Hopefully, by 2035, we will have a 
substantial reduction, and hopefully, 
by 2050, a very, very substantial reduc-
tion, perhaps zero. But in the short 
term, we are going to need a resource 
that has been a critical resource for 
the growth of our economy and other 
economies around the world. 
Nobody 
is 
criticizing 
those 
who 
produce that. I say nobody. At least I 
am not criticizing them. But I really 
believe that we could get more produc-
tion under present circumstances, and 
that is what we ought to be doing. 
Mr. 
SCALISE. 
Madam 
Speaker, 
clearly the gentleman and I disagree on 
many of these items. Drilling in Amer-
ica is the cleanest way to produce oil 
in the world. If it is going to come from 
Russia, which I don’t want, if it is 
going to come from any dictator, they 
actually emit more carbon than if you 
make it in America. 
But I want to point out, as the gen-
tleman talked about, this magical 
lease sale in the Gulf of Mexico and 
why no one bid on it, the reason is be-
cause it didn’t happen. The Biden ad-
ministration did not move forward 
with that lease sale. That is what we 
are trying to address with these bills. 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Biden didn’t make 
that decision; the courts made that de-
cision. 
Mr. SCALISE. But the gentleman 
was saying it wasn’t bid on; the oil 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:53 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00042
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K01AP7.048
H01APPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 41-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4119 
April 1, 2022 
companies didn’t want to do it. They 
did. They wanted to invest in America. 
An environmental group went to block 
it and got a court to go along with 
them. The normal practice is the ad-
ministration stands up for America and 
American policy and objects, and the 
Biden administration refused to chal-
lenge it in the courts because they 
didn’t want the lease sale to go for-
ward. And the lease sale did not go for-
ward. That is why no one bid on it, be-
cause there was no lease sale. 
We fix that with these pieces of legis-
lation we would like to bring to the 
floor, but we will continue this discus-
sion. Hopefully, we can resolve it. We 
will continue pushing for it. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
f 
TRANSFORMING STUDENT DEBT 
(Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend her re-
marks.) 
Ms. KAPTUR. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to reintroduce our Transforming 
Student Debt to Home Equity Act. 
Home ownership is a key that opens 
the door to the middle class for tens of 
millions of Americans. But today, too 
many young workers and their families 
are weighed down by student loan debt 
that keeps this dream out of their 
reach. 
The Transforming Student Debt to 
Home Equity Act would create a pilot 
program to test various approaches 
that combine student loan payments 
and 
mortgage 
payments 
into 
one 
monthly bill. It would empower hard-
working Americans that are current on 
student loan repayments to actually 
combine their loan costs, allowing 
them to build home equity. 
The purpose of this act is to move 
forward with those pilot projects, and 
with millions of vacant homes around 
our country, this legislation would 
spur neighborhood revitalization and 
improve our quality of life. 
The promises of the American Dream 
should be available to all, so let us lift 
up and invest in new means to help the 
next generation and invest in middle- 
class workers and families that build 
up our Nation by investing in it. 
f 
REALLOCATING EMERGENCY 
RENTAL ASSISTANCE 
(Mr. HILL asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. HILL. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to bring attention to the attack 
on families in rural America by the 
Biden administration in their realloca-
tion of Emergency Rental Assistance 
funds. 
As of March 31, unspent ERA funds 
from rural States, like my home State 
of Arkansas, are being taken and given 
to a handful of blue States, like New 
York, California, and New Jersey, who 
have already received and spent their 
own share of Emergency Rental Assist-
ance funds. 
As the Treasury claws back this 
money, this reallocation of funds will 
disproportionately affect rural Amer-
ica. The reallocation of ERA money is 
unfair and turns a blind eye to the 
needs of renters who have not received 
rental assistance simply because they 
live in rural areas of our country. 
To stand up for rural Arkansans and 
Americans across the country, I have 
introduced the Protecting Rural Rent-
ers Act, which will prohibit the ERA 
funds originally promised to our rural 
areas from being reallocated elsewhere. 
This act would simply remove the 
State allocations from the statutory 
claw-backs 
and 
effectively 
prevent 
these funds from being taken away 
from our rural citizens. This is in the 
best interests of our Nation. 
f 
AFFIRMATIVE STEPS TOWARD 
CRIMINAL JUSTICE REFORM 
(Mrs. 
CHERFILUS-MCCORMICK 
asked and was given permission to ad-
dress the House for 1 minute and to re-
vise and extend her remarks.) 
Mrs. 
CHERFILUS-MCCORMICK. 
Madam Speaker, as the conversation 
around the country centers on the le-
galization of marijuana, we must si-
multaneously address the criminal and 
racial justice issues embedded in this 
conversation. 
Despite cannabis usage rates between 
White and non-Whites being similar, 
Black Americans are arrested for can-
nabis offenses at a rate of nearly four 
to one compared to Whites. 
For decades, the war on drugs has 
been a tool to target Black and Brown 
Americans. As a result, their life tra-
jectories have been impacted nega-
tively. 
The MORE Act would create a Com-
munity Reinvestment Grant Program, 
which would provide funding for com-
munities negatively impacted by the 
war on drugs. These grants would be 
used 
for 
the 
development 
of 
expungement processes, employment 
programs, and substance use disorder 
treatment. These reinvestments are 
imperative for our communities and 
our country. 
I am proud that I voted to pass the 
MORE Act today as an affirmative step 
toward the criminal justice reform. 
f 
NOT AN INNOCENT APRIL FOOLS’ 
DAY PRANK 
(Mr. PALAZZO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. PALAZZO. Madam Speaker, last 
year I introduced H.R. 6176, with the 
goal of preventing the Secretary of En-
ergy and the President from doing ex-
actly what they announced this week, 
tapping the Strategic Petroleum Re-
serve without issuing a plan for Amer-
ican energy independence. 
Now, several months after living 
under President Biden’s failed energy 
policies and decisions, he has an-
nounced the largest release of oil re-
serves in history, putting one million 
additional barrels on the market per 
day on average every day for the next 
6 months. 
Biden’s anti-American energy agenda 
jeopardizes our national security once 
again. 
Tapping the SPR at the levels an-
nounced this week by this administra-
tion is a dangerous move. Drawing 
down our strategic reserves by over 25 
percent poses a huge national security 
risk, a risk that America would not be 
in the place to take if Biden would end 
the Federal freeze on all new oil and 
gas projects and stop the regulatory as-
sault on U.S. energy development and 
financing. Tapping the SPR will not 
lower gas prices. 
Today is April Fools’ Day, but with 
Biden in office you would think every 
day is April Fools’ Day. However, he is 
not pulling innocent pranks on the 
American people, but he is personally 
harming the safety, security, and pros-
perity of America. 
f 
ISSUES OF THE DAY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. WIL-
LIAMS of Georgia). Under the Speaker’s 
announced policy of January 4, 2021, 
the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOH-
MERT) is recognized for 60 minutes as 
the designee of the minority leader. 
Mr. 
GOHMERT. 
Madam 
Speaker, 
there is so much going on these days, 
so much to comment on. At this time, 
I yield to the gentlewoman from Iowa 
(Mrs. MILLER-MEEKS), my friend, when-
ever she is ready. 
KEVIN MCKEE IS AN INCREDIBLE ATHLETE 
Mrs. 
MILLER-MEEKS. 
Madam 
Speaker, I thank Mr. GOHMERT
for 
yielding to me. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the accomplishments of an in-
credible athlete from Iowa’s Second 
District. 
Kevin McKee of Davenport recently 
finished competing in the Beijing 2020 
Paralympics, where he won a gold 
medal in sled hockey. Kevin has proud-
ly represented the United States for 
over a decade, winning gold medals in 
the last three Paralympics. 
Kevin has always had a passion for 
sports, playing tennis in high school 
and wheelchair basketball in college. 
However, Kevin soon realized his pas-
sion for sled hockey in 2020 when he 
started playing on the sled hockey club 
team with the Rehabilitation Institute 
of Chicago. 
Beginning in 1960, the Paralympic 
Games are held every 4 years and fea-
ture a wide range of athletes with dif-
ferent physical abilities, including im-
paired muscle power, impaired passive 
range of motion, limb deficiency, leg 
length difference, hypertonia, ataxia, 
athetosis, vision impairment, and in-
tellectual 
impairment. 
The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:53 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00043
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K01AP7.050
H01APPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 42-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4120 
April 1, 2022 
Paralympics are held almost imme-
diately following the respective Sum-
mer and Winter Olympic Games. 
Paralympians like Kevin show all of 
us that with hard work, dedication, and 
the drive to succeed, anything is pos-
sible. 
Congratulations, Kevin, on an out-
standing performance. I look forward 
to cheering you on in the future. 
Mr. GOHMERT. Madam Speaker, I 
notice the skill and adroitness of Mrs. 
MILLER-MEEKS making her way hur-
riedly around the rows, through the 
rows. She must have picked up some-
thing from such a great sled hockey 
player. 
Madam Speaker, I want to turn my 
attention to some recent criticisms of 
an amazing man. I agree with some 
who have clerked at the Supreme 
Court, that Justice Clarence Thomas 
may be easily the most intelligent Jus-
tice on the Court. That fact actually 
turned him from his days at Yale Law 
School—actually he started at Harvard 
for, I think, a day or so, but he felt like 
Harvard was too conservative, so he 
dropped out and applied to Yale and 
was pleased it seemed more liberal in 
its thinking. 
b 1315 
But Yale was able to take a brilliant 
person like that, and according to his 
book, he began to notice how liberals 
who were White seemed to look down 
on him with an arrogant view of Clar-
ence Thomas that, gee, if it weren’t for 
us liberals, a Black man like Clarence 
Thomas would not have even gotten 
into this school, when actually he had 
the raw intelligence to do that regard-
less and had done well everywhere he 
had been, including Holy Cross when he 
originally went there thinking he 
might be a priest at some point. Those 
are my recollections from his autobiog-
raphy, a splendid read, ‘‘My Grand-
father’s Son.’’ 
That kind of arrogance, looking down 
on him like he couldn’t do this on his 
own if it weren’t for us liberals, turned 
him off. That, along with other issues, 
drove him to become quite conserv-
ative. 
The clarity with which he sees issues 
is a real treasure for the U.S. Supreme 
Court. 
Now, just as when he was nominated 
to the Supreme Court, he has come 
under grave attacks from these same 
liberals that used to look down on him 
when he was a liberal, thinking he 
couldn’t possibly be as smart as they 
were when, actually, he exceeded their 
level of intelligence. 
That was what was called a soft form 
of discrimination. What he experienced 
in the hearings for his confirmation 
and since he has been on the U.S. Su-
preme Court, clearly, has not been soft 
discrimination. It has been overt, rad-
ical, mean-spirited, evil discrimina-
tion. Nothing soft about it. How dare 
that man come off the plantation and 
dare to have any point of view that was 
not provided to him by other liberals? 
The man thinks for himself, and he is 
brilliant. 
These same liberals that are now 
coming after him seek not only to dis-
criminate against him because he is a 
Black conservative who is brilliant, 
but they also want to assert a marriage 
penalty against him because his wife 
also thinks for herself. 
Now, there is a great article written 
by Mark Paoletta, and this is dated 
March 11. I won’t go through the whole 
article, but he says: ‘‘D.C. Circuit 
Judge Nina Pillard, for example, voted 
not to rehear a case rejecting President 
Trump’s refusal to produce his tax re-
turns in response to a congressional 
subpoena. That was exactly what her 
husband, the ACLU’s litigation direc-
tor, advocated in an article reviewing 
the lower court decision.’’ 
Now, Justice Thomas is being told he 
needs to recuse himself because he has 
a wife who thinks for herself. We can’t 
have that, these liberals say. Yet, the 
hypocrisy rises higher and higher with 
every comment they make about Jus-
tice Thomas and/or his wife. 
‘‘Ninth 
Circuit 
Judge 
Stephen 
Reinhardt, a liberal icon, participated 
in a case even after his wife, the chief 
of an ACLU chapter, commented on the 
lower court opinion. Her ACLU chapter 
even submitted a brief to the district 
court. Reinhardt defended his decision 
not to recuse, writing his wife’s ‘views 
are hers, not mine, and I do not in any 
way condition my opinions on the posi-
tions she takes regarding any issues,’’’ 
even though he took the same position 
that his wife took. 
The article said: ‘‘Ethics experts de-
fended Reinhardt’s decision, noting 
that ‘Judge Reinhardt is not presumed 
to be the reservoir and carrier of his 
wife’s beliefs. . . . A contrary outcome 
would deem a judge’s spouse unable to 
hold most any position of advocacy, 
creating what amounts to a marriage 
penalty.’ ’’ 
Exactly. And liberals will not apply 
that standard to liberals, yet they 
come after Justice Thomas with their 
fangs bared, viciously attacking him 
and his wife. 
What happened to the old ideas of lib-
erals being these caring, compassionate 
people who would never judge one’s 
spouse by the acts or thoughts of the 
other? Well, those have gone by the 
wayside, and we see exactly what is at 
play here. 
The article says: ‘‘The Supreme 
Court has long rejected this ‘marriage 
penalty.’ ’’ 
Further down, it says: ‘‘While any 
lower court can substitute a recused 
judge with another judge, there is no 
one to replace a Supreme Court Justice 
who recuses.’’ 
We lost my constitutional law pro-
fessor in the last year, David Guinn. He 
was a tough professor but a great 
teacher. He continued to be an incred-
ible resource up to the end of his life. 
He used to say there is only one court 
that owes its existence wholly to the 
U.S. Constitution. Of course, that is 
the U.S. Supreme Court. All other 
courts, as he would say, rely com-
pletely on the auspices of the Congress 
for their existence, for their continued 
existence, and for their jurisdiction. 
It is interesting to look at this, and 
it is a great point that is being made 
by some scholars. Since the Supreme 
Court is set up as a separate branch, 
that is actually the one that Congress 
does not have authority to set up rules 
for recusal, for the Supreme Court. 
In this article, Mr. Paoletta says: 
‘‘Consistent with the Court’s policy, 
even though Justice Ruth Bader Gins-
burg’s husband, Marty Ginsburg, prac-
ticed law at a firm that represented 
parties before the Supreme Court, Jus-
tice Ginsburg never recused herself. 
Law professor Jane Ginsburg, the Jus-
tice’s daughter, wrote an article about 
a case pending before the Supreme 
Court. The petitioner cited Jane’s arti-
cle in its brief, and Justice Ginsburg 
voted for the result advocated by her 
daughter. 
‘‘Marty Ginsburg solved a complex 
tax problem for his client, Ross Perot’s 
company EDS, and Perot endowed a 
chair named after Marty Ginsburg at 
Georgetown University Law Center. 
When Perot and EDS appeared several 
times before the Supreme Court, Jus-
tice Ginsburg did not recuse. Nor was 
she required to.’’ 
I would add, nor did any of these peo-
ple attacking the Black conservative, 
Justice Thomas, bother to advocate 
their new position back then. 
‘‘If reporters mean to tighten recusal 
standards, they should prepare to levy 
a marriage penalty on all judges’ 
spouses, not just the Thomases. 
‘‘But the press now singles out Jus-
tice Thomas, calling on him to recuse 
because of his wife’s activities. Ginni 
Thomas is a longtime conservative ac-
tivist who works with groups that take 
public positions on issues and some-
times even file amicus briefs at the Su-
preme Court. But unlike the spouses 
and children of other judges, Ginni 
does not practice law, much less write 
briefs. She merely builds conservative 
coalitions to pursue shared political 
aims. None of her activities require 
Justice Thomas to recuse. 
‘‘Even so, the press criticized Ginni 
Thomas 
for 
honoring 
conservative 
leaders at an awards luncheon because 
those individuals subsequently filed 
amicus briefs at the Supreme Court. 
Historically, this has not required 
recusal. Ginsburg once donated an 
autographed copy of her VMI opinion 
to the pro-abortion NOW Political Ac-
tion Committee, which auctioned off 
the opinion at a fundraiser in 1997. 
Moreover, in 2004, she spoke at a lec-
ture named after herself for the NOW 
Legal Defense Fund’’—that is, the Na-
tional Organization for Women—‘‘on 
whose board she served in the 1970s. 
Two weeks before that lecture, Justice 
Ginsburg voted in favor of a position 
advocated by the NOW Legal Defense 
Fund in an amicus brief. 
‘‘None of those activities required 
Ginsburg to recuse, but the press has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:53 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00044
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K01AP7.052
H01APPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 43-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4121 
April 1, 2022 
attacked Thomas for stoking concerns 
of a hyperpartisan court by attending 
conservative events. Thomas’ critics 
conveniently ignore the numerous in-
stances of liberal Justices attending 
similar 
events, 
such 
as 
Justice 
Sotomayor giving speeches to the lib-
eral American Constitution Society. 
‘‘These recent stories have also ig-
nored Justice Ginsburg’s partisan at-
tack on Donald Trump during the 2016 
Presidential campaign. The Justice 
called him ‘a faker’ and criticized him 
for not disclosing his tax returns. She 
even voiced concerns about Trump 
being President. The day after he was 
elected, Ginsburg again objected by 
wearing a collar that traditionally sig-
naled she would be dissenting in a case, 
though there were no cases handed 
down that day. Yet, she sat on a case 
challenging a congressional subpoena 
for President Trump’s tax returns, and 
she decided plenty of other cases in-
volving President Trump and his ad-
ministration. No one talked of im-
peaching Justice Ginsburg for her con-
duct. 
‘‘The media are weaponizing baseless 
ethics charges to smear a conservative 
Black Justice. Thomas infuriates them 
because he expresses views they con-
sider unacceptable for a Black man to 
hold, and because an increasing num-
ber of Justices are aligned with those 
views and may be ready to issue rul-
ings that undercut longstanding liberal 
precedents. But going after his wife is 
despicable. And it won’t work.’’ 
It is also interesting that the major-
ity in H.R. 1 attempts to go after— 
without naming Justice Thomas, it re-
quires the Judicial Conference of the 
United States, which is chaired by the 
Chief Justice, to establish a mandatory 
code of conduct for the Justices of the 
U.S. Supreme Court. This is poten-
tially unconstitutional. This is accord-
ing to testimony before Congress by 
Hans von Spakovsky. 
He makes a good point: ‘‘Article III 
states that the ‘judicial power of the 
United States shall be vested in one su-
preme court and in such inferior courts 
as Congress may from time to time or-
dain and establish. . . . The Constitu-
tion, not Congress, created the Su-
preme Court. It is an independent, co-
equal branch. In the same way that the 
Justices cannot dictate what ethics 
rules apply to Members of Congress or 
the President, it is highly questionable 
whether Congress can dictate the eth-
ics rules that apply to the Supreme 
Court.’’ 
b 1330 
Since the Judicial Conference was es-
tablished by Congress, ‘‘for the benefit 
of the courts it had created,’’ and ‘‘is 
an instrument for the management of 
the lower Federal courts, its commit-
tees have no mandate to prescribe rules 
or standards for any other body.’’ 
According to the Chief Justice, Jus-
tices use the current code of conduct 
for the lower courts as guidance as well 
as ‘‘a wide variety of other authorities 
to resolve specific ethics’ issues.’’ 
The Supreme Court has ‘‘never ad-
dressed whether Congress may impose 
those requirements on the Supreme 
Court.’’ But a serious constitutional 
problem under Article III with Con-
gress trying to impose such mandates 
on the Justices, although they comply 
with the current provisions volun-
tarily. 
So very good points, but just inter-
esting how selective things have got-
ten. 
Now, most judges and most judicial 
standards will indicate that if a Justice 
has spoken out and taken a position on 
a case that has come or is before the 
Court, it indicates an opinion before 
the case has concluded that that Jus-
tice should be recused. But we know 
two of the Supreme Court Justices ac-
tually appeared, performed same-sex 
weddings before they came out with 
their opinion. So that certainly seems 
to raise questions that people attack-
ing Justice Thomas never actually 
raised back during those days. 
It was interesting to be in here and 
hear the colloquy between the majority 
leader and the minority whip and hear 
the majority leader go back to the alle-
gations raised by President Biden 
about all these leases that are not 
being utilized for drilling. Quite inter-
esting, because there are some very le-
gitimate reasons about why they are 
not utilized. And one of the things that 
has done tremendous damage to invest-
ment in additional wells, one thing, 
there has been encouragement for 
banks to look the other way. Do not 
get involved in fossil fuel development, 
which is rather interesting; could lead 
to our own demise as a Republic when 
we have been the most blessed country 
when it comes to natural resources of 
any country of which I am aware. 
Our world is jealous. And yet, we rou-
tinely put off-limits those very re-
sources we desperately need, even 
though we produce them more cleanly 
for the environment than any other 
country that we are buying them from, 
particularly China, Russia, others that 
have gotten control—some in Africa. 
But one article here by Peter Hasson 
about ‘‘Biden’s Misleading Spin About 
Oil Production Under Him vs. Trump.’’ 
‘‘But the White House’s framing omits 
a key fact: while domestic oil produc-
tion in 2021 was higher than it was in 
2017, it was lower than it was in 2018, 
2019, and 2020, Federal statistics show.’’ 
And the significant reason for that is 
that drilling doesn’t occur overnight. 
Production doesn’t occur overnight. It 
is a work in progress. So that one 
President, when he comes into office, 
actually inherits the preparation to 
drill or the killing of drilling by the 
prior President. 
So when President Trump took of-
fice, his first year, the drilling and pro-
duction numbers were a result of what 
had happened before he took office. 
And thus, when President Biden takes 
credit for production numbers in his 
first year, of course, he doesn’t want to 
acknowledge it, but those were the re-
sults of actions taken during the 
Trump administration. But after that, 
he does deserve to get credit for the 
damage or the good that is done. 
An article by Thomas Barrabi and 
Ariel Zilber points that, ‘‘If President 
Joe Biden came out forcefully on the 
side of increasing U.S. oil production, 
the price of a barrel could fall quickly, 
experts told The Post—even if it takes 
a while to bring that new energy on-
line. Just looked at what happened 
Wednesday’’—this 
article 
is 
from 
March 9—‘‘in the wake of the United 
Arab Emirates and Iraq saying they’d 
up production by an estimated 800,000 
barrels a day: The global price of oil 
dropped by $22 a barrel within minutes. 
‘‘If Biden signaled full-throated sup-
port for U.S. drillers to get to work— 
and perhaps allowed the restarting of 
the Keystone XL pipeline from Can-
ada—global oil prices could similarly 
fall sharply, the industry experts told 
The Post.’’ 
And I have noticed that when there is 
good news about the production of oil 
or natural gas, that the price doesn’t 
fall quite as quickly as it goes up after 
bad news, but it should be noted that 
after years of not replacing oil in the 
Strategic Petroleum Reserve of oil, the 
SPR, President Trump not only saw to 
it that America became energy inde-
pendent for the first time in decades, 
but they started putting oil in that 
Strategic Petroleum Reserve, so that 
in the event of an emergency, we would 
have oil to keep going. 
It was not put there for a President 
that has done damage to our ability to 
produce what we need, to try to get out 
from under the criticisms from people 
that can’t afford where he has driven 
the price of energy. And in fact, I 
would humbly submit that by Presi-
dent Biden’s starting to take a million 
barrels of oil per day from that Stra-
tegic Petroleum Reserve, he is setting 
America up for a catastrophe. Because 
there are interruptions in the produc-
tion of oil and natural gas. They come 
time to time, and especially when 
there is war activity. 
Now, President Biden used a claim 
that there is a wartime emergency. 
Yet, under our Constitution, only the 
U.S. Congress has the authority to de-
clare war, and no such war has been de-
clared. And in fact, President Biden 
has made very clear, we are not put-
ting troops in Ukraine. 
And I was hearing on the news today 
that actually things that were an-
nounced by this administration that 
would be helping Ukraine fight off Rus-
sia have not arrived. There were an-
nouncements, but the help that was 
supposed to be coming from the United 
States has not come that will help 
them fight off Russia. 
So we can hear all the grand pro-
nouncements about how evil Putin is. 
But at times, they are just that. They 
are pronouncements. 
Because we are not giving the help to 
Ukraine that is being promised. Is this 
some kind of show without putting ac-
tions behind it? A lot of Ukrainians 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:53 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00045
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K01AP7.054
H01APPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 44-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4122 
April 1, 2022 
think so when they look at the Biden 
administration. Because they are des-
perate. They are fighting with all they 
have. 
I heard the majority leader casting 
aspersions at Republicans thinking 
Putin is some great guy. He is a thug. 
And yet, who was it that put back in 
Putin’s head that the United States 
has no problem with him attacking in-
nocent countries and invading innocent 
countries? Well, we can go back in the 
second half of the Bush administration, 
George W. Bush administration, when 
President 
Bush 
and 
Secretary 
Condoleezza Rice got upset, as many of 
us did, when Putin’s Russia invaded the 
country of Georgia. And he slapped 
some very serious sanctions on Russia 
to try to send a message: Don’t go in-
vading other countries. 
So when Biden became Vice Presi-
dent, Obama became President, one of 
the first things they did, they sent a 
Secretary of State named Clinton with 
a red plastic button that they mis-
named in Russian. They meant to call 
it a reset button. But the people work-
ing for the Obama/Biden administra-
tion and for Secretary Clinton were not 
smart enough to properly translate the 
word, so it didn’t mean reset. 
But they went over there with the in-
tention of sending a message that 
President Bush, he overreacted when 
you attacked Georgia. And the message 
from Obama, Biden, Clinton was, We 
won’t overreact like that when you in-
vade 
countries 
you 
shouldn’t. 
We 
won’t. We don’t have a problem with it. 
That was Bush. That was Condoleezza 
Rice. They had a problem with your in-
vading Georgia, but we don’t have a 
problem like that. 
What was Putin supposed to think? 
Exactly what he thought. 
Number one, this Biden, Obama, Clin-
ton, they are weak people. And they 
are giving me a green light to invade 
Crimea, which he did. And what hap-
pened? Nothing. The Obama/Biden ad-
ministration sent blankets over there. 
It is hard to stop a tank with a blan-
ket; that is what was sent. 
But Putin got that message. And 
then Trump comes in. And he can say 
flattering things about Putin, but he 
knew that Putin is not stupid, and he 
knew that he could be vicious, and he 
made very clear, you don’t invade 
under my administration, or you will 
pay a big price. But once President 
Trump was gone, and we got back to 
the old policies of the Obama/Biden ad-
ministration, Putin knew he had a 
President that he could push around. 
And that was accented when President 
Biden telegraphed that we could be 
okay with a minor incursion. If it is 
just a small invasion, we probably 
wouldn’t even react. That was the mes-
sage that was heard in Russia. 
And at times, it is almost as if there 
are people in this administration that 
have been paid off by Russia. 
b 1345 
Well, I guess some people in the 
Biden family have been paid off, but 
that is another matter. At times, 
though, it does seem like with the 
change in policy of standing firmly 
against China’s devastating activity 
when it comes to stealing our secrets, 
patents, and copyrights, and the lack 
of action by this administration, it 
does seem like, gee, it makes you won-
der if somebody is getting paid off in 
this administration. Then you realize, 
oh, yeah, the Biden family has made a 
lot of money from China. 
People want to talk about maybe 
Clarence Thomas should recuse him-
self, I wish they would apply those 
standards to people who benefit in this 
administration from the failure to stop 
China. 
In any event, just mark my words, 
this administration, President Biden, 
releasing a million barrels of oil a day 
from our strategic petroleum reserve is 
really going to come back to hurt us. 
When we are in an emergency situation 
and we need that oil, it is not going to 
be there because President Biden was 
hoping he could ameliorate some of the 
anger of voters by the prices that we 
are seeing at the gas pump and the 
prices we are seeing in inflation. 
That is the thing, when energy prices 
go up, it affects every price; because 
food, the things we use to stay warm or 
to house ourselves, even electric cars 
cannot be produced without the use of 
fossil fuel—can’t—they will some day, 
but they can’t right now. You got to 
have fossil fuel or you cannot make a 
car; not for production, not cheap 
enough to be bought by the American 
public. 
Since I have been here in Congress, I 
filed a bill to have a huge cash prize to 
anyone who could develop the type of 
battery, capacitor, some way to hold 
megawattage of electricity for at least 
30 days without significant loss. One of 
these days somebody is going to come 
up with that, an ability to hold elec-
tric. When that happens, we won’t need 
fossil fuel at all. Whoever comes up 
with a way to do that is going to be 
mega wealthy. 
Once we have that ability, we should 
be able to capture lightening. There 
are all kinds of ways we can have en-
ergy. I have been told, oh, no, we al-
ready can capture energy because some 
place they have water in a lower res-
ervoir and during off-peak time they 
pump the water up to a higher res-
ervoir so that during peak times they 
have the water flow down and that 
turns turbines and that produces elec-
tricity. That is storing energy, but it is 
not storing electricity. 
That energy has to then be converted 
back into electricity by turning the 
turbines. Some day we are going to 
have the ability to have energy held in 
massive quantities, but right now we 
don’t have that ability. 
The batteries that are being used in 
vehicles, we are heading for all kinds of 
headaches when enough people buy 
electric vehicles and we have to do 
something with all of those toxic bat-
teries. It is going to be bad. It is going 
to be horrendous for the environment if 
too many people start buying electric 
vehicles. 
There is a great article by Kevin 
O’Scannlain in March of this year ti-
tled 
‘‘The 
Red-Herring 
of 
Unused 
Leases,’’ which is what the majority 
leader brought up. It says: ‘‘The fact is, 
natural gas and oil companies hold 
numbers 
of 
‘nonproducing’ 
leases— 
which is far different from the claim of 
‘unused’ leases mentioned by the White 
House,’’ and by our majority leader. 
Here are some key numbers: 1,548, 
that is the number of nonproducing off-
shore leases, according to the Federal 
Bureau of Ocean Energy Management; 
13,000, that is the approximate number 
of nonproducing onshore leases, accord-
ing to the U.S. Bureau of Land Man-
agement: 
‘‘Context: ‘Nonproducing’ means ex-
actly that. These are leases that have 
not yet been developed to the point of 
actual production—the average time 
from onshore lease sale to production 
is 3 to 4 years; 7 to 10 years for offshore 
leases—and those that have not pro-
duced commercial volumes of oil and 
gas.’’ 
‘‘Polling released last week shows 
that Americans know the stakes in-
volved overseas and at home. They 
overwhelmingly support—by a 90 per-
cent margin—increased U.S. produc-
tion over reliance on foreign energy. 
That means lawmakers and regulators 
need to address that.’’ 
‘‘The first, by some members of the 
Biden administration, including White 
House Press Secretary Jen Psaki on 
Thursday, is that American oil and 
natural gas producers are sitting on 
hundreds of unused Federal leases and 
do not need access to more. The sec-
ond, by some industry opponents, is 
that ramping up U.S. production will 
not help the Ukrainian people today. 
‘‘Psaki has made the claim about 
‘unused’ Federal leases before. It has 
become a line at the White House piv-
ots to when pressed to explain why it 
isn’t doing more to support American 
oil and gas production—with soaring 
demand putting upward pressure on 
prices and with much of Europe at the 
mercy of its top energy provider, Rus-
sia.’’ 
Here are key facts about Federal 
leases: 
‘‘The law already requires companies 
to either produce oil and/or gas on 
leases or return the leases to the gov-
ernment—the so-called ‘use it or lose 
it’ provision. . . . ‘’ It is already in 
there. Generally, it is required in the 
first 10 years. 
‘‘When a company acquires a lease, it 
makes a significant financial invest-
ment at the beginning of the lease in 
the form of a nonrefundable bonus bid 
and pays additional rent until and un-
less it begins producing. 
‘‘For Federal onshore, the Mineral 
Leasing Act prevents any one company 
from locking up unproductive excessive 
Federal acreage. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:53 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00046
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K01AP7.056
H01APPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 45-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4123 
April 1, 2022 
‘‘Developing a lease takes years and 
substantial effort to determine wheth-
er the underlying geology holds com-
mercial quantities of oil and gas. The 
lengthy process to develop them from a 
lease is often extended by administra-
tive and legal challenges at every step 
along the way.’’ 
Every company is familiar with 
lawfare, going to court, being drug re-
peatedly into court to stop the use of a 
lease. 
‘‘The argument about ‘unused’ leases 
is a red-herring, a smokescreen for en-
ergy 
policies 
that 
have 
had 
a 
hamstringing effect on the world’s 
leading producer of natural gas and oil. 
It suggests American producers have 
been motivated by desire to manipu-
late the market during the current cri-
sis in Europe. This is false. American 
oil and gas producers are able and will-
ing to do their part to support Amer-
ican energy leadership, including pro-
viding energy that can help allies 
abroad. 
‘‘Ultimately, energy policies affect 
the energy investment climate. Spe-
cifically, they impact the ability of 
producers—typically 
accountable 
to 
shareholders—to take the risks in-
volved in spending billions of dollars to 
find 
and 
develop 
oil 
and 
gas. 
Mischaracterizing 
the 
way 
Federal 
leases work does not help foster new 
investment and risk-taking.’’ 
‘‘The time for helping Ukraine with 
American energy was months ago. 
Then, the Biden administration sup-
port for robust U.S. production might 
have helped deter Moscow from think-
ing that European nations were so de-
pendent on Russian energy might do 
less to oppose Russia the aggressor. 
‘‘Instead, the administration discour-
aged American energy. For more than 
a year it has halted new Federal leas-
ing—key to future energy investment 
and production. It canceled energy in-
frastructure, blocked development in 
parts of Alaska, entertained new taxes 
to punish the U.S. energy industry and 
chilled future investment by signaling 
that oil and gas would not be part of 
America’s future energy mix. All last 
summer, the administration called on 
OPEC+, the oil cartel, to increase its 
production more rapidly in the face of 
rising energy costs, bypassing the 
American producers.’’ 
Let me go back and readdress ANWR. 
We lost Don Young. We had a wonder-
ful service and tribute to him. It was a 
great funeral, a great service for a 
great man. I got to sit beside Don 
Young for years in the Natural Re-
sources Committee because I became 
the second most senior person on Nat-
ural Resources. Since I made Repub-
lican leaders mad, they were not going 
to allow me to be chairman, and we sit 
by seniority, so I sat by Don Young for 
years. 
Don would get so upset when people 
would pretend to speak for Tribal 
groups in Alaska or for the Alaskan 
people, and say, they don’t want 
ANWR—well, there was one little Tribe 
that didn’t, but the rest sure did. He 
would take Members of Congress on 
trips to ANWR. So much of the Arctic 
National Wildlife Refuge, that area 
that was designated by the Carter ad-
ministration, it is beautiful, it is pris-
tine, there is wildlife in abundance. 
Don always wanted to make sure 
that anybody that would listen and 
cared to know the truth could see for 
themselves in Alaska—here is this 
massive wildlife area that has been set 
apart by Congress. Well, here is this 
little bitty area comparatively where 
the Carter administration said: You 
know what, there is nothing there. 
Nothing can live there. This is a great 
spot, and we will allow drilling here. 
For decades, drilling was not allowed 
in the one place that it would have 
been okay to have drilling. 
When 
the 
Trump 
administration 
says, hey, there was a designated place. 
And despite commercials where you see 
all this wonderful wildlife, that is not 
in the part designated for drilling. All 
the beautiful mountains and all, that is 
not the part designated by President 
Carter for drilling. It would bless the 
heck out of Alaska and their people be-
cause of the revenue it would bring. 
It would be a blessing for America to 
further be independent and to further 
have the ability to encourage countries 
like Ukraine, and to discourage coun-
tries like Russia from picking on them 
because we have enough of the energy 
needs, we can fill enough energy needs. 
They don’t have to worry about beg-
ging a ruthless dictator, like Putin has 
become. 
Yet, year after year we have had peo-
ple trying to stop it, and then once 
Biden was sworn in as President he did 
the same thing. No, we are going to put 
that back off limit. It is really a 
shame. 
This article says: ‘‘The current situa-
tion is a reminder that American en-
ergy abundance requires foresight and 
planning, investment and policy sup-
port. This is the path to sound energy 
policy that keeps America safe and 
strong and allows American energy to 
support allies.’’ 
I am hoping—since I am not going to 
be in the next Congress—I am hoping 
that the bill I filed years ago that 
would provide a big cash prize to who-
ever comes up with the method of stor-
ing massive amounts of electricity for 
long periods of time efficiently, I am 
hoping that that won’t be so futuristic 
that we couldn’t have a majority actu-
ally pass that. 
b 1400 
Because once we do that, there is no 
need for fossil fuels. We will have all 
the energy we need, and you could even 
produce cars. Let’s face it, natural gas 
is such an important feedstock for so 
many of the products we use every day 
that we have come to rely on as neces-
sities, as essential, including things in 
vehicles themselves. 
In fact, in Texas, our air and water 
have been getting cleaner year by year. 
A lot of that is due to moving from oil 
and coal into natural gas; much clean-
er. 
In fact, here are some oil and gas 
facts: 
In 
March 
of 
2020, 
before 
the 
lockdowns began, the United States 
reached its highest level of energy pro-
duction by January 2021. For the first 
time in nearly 50 years, U.S. was pro-
ducing more oil than we were con-
suming. In just over a year, we have 
seen a 4 percent surplus of domestic oil 
and gas production fall to a 4 percent 
oil and gas deficit. 
President Biden directed the Sec-
retary of the Interior to halt new oil 
and gas leases on public lands and 
waters. President Biden canceled the 
Keystone XL pipeline which would 
have transported 830,000 barrels of oil 
per day from Alberta to refineries on 
the Gulf Coast of Texas. 
The Biden administration has cre-
ated significant regulatory uncertainty 
by threatening new and excessive bur-
densome regulations on the oil and gas 
industry, including the EPA methane 
rule and the DOI waste prevention rule. 
The Biden administration has re-
scinded Trump administration permit-
ting 
improvements, 
including 
the 
NEPA reforms, the WOTUS reforms, 
and the ESA reforms. 
The Federal Energy Regulatory Com-
mission has failed to approve natural 
gas pipeline applications leading to a 
backlog of pending applications that 
discourage economic growth and new 
energy development. 
The U.S. Department of the Interior 
scrapped the Trump administration de-
cision that authorized expanded leasing 
and development in the Arctic Na-
tional Wildlife Refuge and the National 
Petroleum Reserve in Alaska. 
The price of gasoline has risen from 
an average of $2.38 under President 
Trump to approximately $3.53 today. It 
is a lot higher than that. Today I no-
ticed around $5 around here. 
This is the largest year-over-year 
price rise in 30 years and leaves little 
room to absorb the impact of potential 
massive oil and gas sanctions on Rus-
sia. 
So those are some facts. 
I want to touch on one other matter 
here. The name of this article is ‘‘Re-
publicans expose ‘uncommon’ CDC, 
teachers’ unions ties on COVID school 
reopening guidance in report.’’ 
This is from Jessica Chasmar, March 
30. 
‘‘Republicans accuse Walensky of 
downplaying the degree to which the 
CDC departed from past practice to 
allow AFT to affect the policymaking 
process.’’ 
‘‘Centers for Disease Control and Pre-
vention, 
CDC, 
official’s 
testimony 
claiming that the agency coordinated 
with teachers’ unions at an extraor-
dinary level in crafting its school re-
opening guidance, despite the agency’s 
earlier claims that such coordination 
was routine and nonpolitical.’’ 
‘‘Republicans wrote that emails be-
tween the American Federation of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:53 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00047
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K01AP7.057
H01APPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 46-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4124 
April 1, 2022 
Teachers, the White House, and the 
CDC showed that the AFT’s ‘cozy rela-
tionship with the Biden administra-
tion’s political leadership at the CDC 
positioned the union to impose line-by- 
line edits’ to the reopening guidance, 
despite the CDC’s ‘past practice to 
keep draft guidance confidential.’’’ 
So we find out the mental and phys-
ical suffering of children due to 2 years 
of closed schools in some places, we 
can, again, go back to some of the 
teachers’ unions that helped bring that 
about. 
An article from the Daily Caller by 
Nicole Silverio, apparently NBC actu-
ally edited photos of Lia Thomas to 
look more like a woman. 
That is what Erica Denhoff alleged in 
the 
NBC’s 
‘‘Today’’ 
show, 
they 
photoshopped 
her 
work 
to 
make 
transgender swimmer Lia Thomas look 
more feminine. 
And then this has application to Jan-
uary 6, work by the FBI, we still need 
to get to the bottom, those who com-
mitted crimes and harmed the Capitol 
need to be punished. But those who 
didn’t, so many appear to be sought 
and persecuted, not just prosecuted. 
It has gotten kind of strange. 
But Julie Kelly has a March 10 arti-
cle 
about 
the 
Governor, 
Gretchen 
Whitmer, an alleged kidnapping plot, 
and the trial that was going on about 
that. 
‘‘After it became clear during open-
ing statements that the defense could 
not argue their case without explaining 
the deep involvement of the FBI’s con-
fidential human sources,’’ so the judge 
reversed his ruling, ‘‘telling the jury 
that ‘it won’t be possible to draw a line 
between the government proving their 
case and entrapment.’’’ 
‘‘One FBI official told his supervisor 
he planned to conduct a ‘terrorism en-
terprise investigation’ into the loose 
band of misfits with no solid plans, 
much less the ability, to do anything 
nefarious at the time. The alleged ring-
leader, Adam Fox, lived in the ram-
shackle basement of a vacuum repair 
shop with his two dogs; if he needed to 
go to the bathroom or brush his teeth, 
Fox had to use the facilities at the 
Mexican restaurant next door.’’ 
‘‘Secret gatherings and out-of-town 
excursions, courtesy of the FBI and 
U.S. taxpayers, animated the scheme.’’ 
Then she goes on to explain the ex-
tent to which the FBI and U.S. tax-
payers paid to have meetings to try to 
bring the conspiracy to kidnap Gov-
ernor Whitmer into actually going for-
ward. 
It really is shocking and does raise a 
serious question: When you have a 
dozen or so FBI informants or em-
ployed people, many getting paid in 
cash and benefits of tens of thousands 
of dollars, is it a plot then by the FBI 
or is it really a plot by the people who 
hadn’t had the ability without the FBI 
to do anything about it? 
So it is a sad time when the FBI 
seems to be using taxpayer resources 
to create events that would not happen 
without their involvement. 
So there is a lot of oversight that 
needs to be done and a lot of house-
cleaning that needs to be done. It 
doesn’t look like that will be hap-
pening any time soon. 
I am grateful that we are again be-
ginning to see some of our friends 
across the aisle getting back to basics 
and concern about civil rights that 
have been abused by government enti-
ties. 
We have got a lot of work to do, and 
I hope that we will at least come to-
gether in stopping the Federal Govern-
ment from being the source from which 
criminal plots are made available and 
potentially real. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
f 
ISSUES OF THE DAY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-
uary 4, 2021, the Chair recognizes the 
gentleman 
from 
Wisconsin 
(Mr. 
GROTHMAN) for 30 minutes. 
Mr. GROTHMAN. Madam Speaker, I 
have to make a plane, so I won’t be 
here for the whole 30 minutes. It will 
be probably more like 15 minutes. 
Before addressing the issues I wanted 
to talk about today, I want to one 
more time talk a little bit about vita-
min D, because earlier today I talked 
to Dr. Amiez Dror from Israel about a 
study that he conducted. 
The study is absolutely amazing. In 
Israel about 45 percent of the popu-
lation is vitamin D deficient, and that 
is really deficient. By deficient, they 
mean less than 20 nanograms per milli-
liter. About 75 percent of the Israeli 
population has vitamin D less than 30 
milligrams per nanoliter. 
In any event, it wasn’t a huge study, 
but he looked to see how people who 
had adequate levels of vitamin D per-
formed once they came into the med-
ical system compared to people who 
were under that 20 nanograms. He 
found people who were vitamin D defi-
cient, which is almost half the Israeli 
population, were 14 times more likely 
to have severe or critical COVID than 
the 
people 
who 
were 
above 
20 
nanograms per milliliter. 
As far as people who died, 25 percent 
of the people who were hospitalized and 
were vitamin D deficient died com-
pared to only 2.3 percent of those who 
had adequate vitamin D. 
Think about that. You are 11 times 
more likely to die, Madam Speaker, if 
you are vitamin D deficient. 
When he looked at adequate prelevel 
hospitalization for vitamin D, it was a 
better predictor of how you would turn 
out than having COPD, having diabe-
tes, or having congestive heart failure. 
Unbelievable what a great predictor it 
was. 
Nevertheless, continued our kind of 
asleep public health establishment has 
still not talked about this like they 
could have. We recently went over 1 
million deaths in the United States at-
tributed to COVID, but we can’t talk 
about the fact that—and he is not the 
only doctor who feels that way—you 
could have cut that number in half or 
maybe well time more than half, if out 
of the chute well before we had such 
things as vaccines, we knew about vita-
min D being good for people back in 
April or May of 2020. 
If they had spent some of these ad-
vertising dollars they spent on other 
things en masse or whatever, they 
could have, I believe, saved half the 
lives. I right now personally know nine 
people who have died of COVID, and I 
can’t help but think how many of these 
people or which of those people would 
have survived if they had publicized 
the importance of taking vitamin D. 
Now, of course, I also asked the doc-
tor how much vitamin D you should 
take. He felt for people in good shape it 
would be 2,000 to 3,000 international 
units. 
If you are overweight, because the fat 
cells absorb the vitamin D, you should 
take more, maybe 4,000 or more inter-
national units. 
He points out that even if you are in 
the sun, one of the things that creates 
so many people in Israel to be vitamin 
D deficient is—as the United States—so 
many people take sunscreen. It is im-
portant to protect yourself from skin 
cancer, but you have to remember, if 
you are one of these people who put 
sunscreen all over yourself, even in a 
sunny climate, you are not going to get 
adequate vitamin D levels. 
He is a very important doctor. He has 
a Ph.D. in genetics. He is also a med-
ical doctor. He also has degrees in mo-
lecular biology. So you are talking 
about a real sharp guy here. 
If we had an on-the-ball press corps 
paying attention today, they should 
give him a call in Israel. He loves to 
talk to people about this, and you 
could get something that is very im-
portant in your local newspapers. 
b 1415 
If anybody connected to the public 
health establishment is hearing this 
speech, they should give my office a 
call. We will give them the contact in-
formation. 
It would have been better if this sort 
of stuff were out there 2 years ago, but 
the COVID infection rate goes up and 
down. We are on a downswing right 
now, though we are not as low as we 
were last July. 
Vitamin D helps prevent other dis-
eases as well. I realize a lot of the med-
ical establishment in the United States 
does not like to focus on things in 
which people don’t make a lot of 
money. But for people who want to 
save lives, there is still time to get the 
story of vitamin D out there. I cer-
tainly think every major and minor 
newspaper in the United States should 
be covering it. 
He happened to mention that he got 
something in the New York Post, but it 
should be in more than just the New 
York Post. 
Right now, we have our President, 
who I watched a little bit yesterday, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:53 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00048
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K01AP7.059
H01APPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 47-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4125 
April 1, 2022 
focusing on Transgender Day, saying 
how important it is we talk about 
transgenders to first and second grad-
ers. I can’t believe that is where we are 
as a country. That is what President 
Biden felt was important to talk about. 
I am going to talk about some other 
issues, some suggestions that President 
Biden might want to adapt to some-
thing he could talk about a little bit 
more. 
I continue to believe the border is the 
biggest crisis America faces today. In 
February, we let about 72,000 people, 
including got-aways, into the country. 
ICE also releases people into the inte-
rior. 
Right now, the administration does 
not release those numbers, so we will 
say 70,000 on the low side. That was 
this past February. Two years ago, well 
under 20,000 were being let in, in Feb-
ruary. We are in a situation right now 
where about four times as many people 
per month are coming into the coun-
try. 
I will point out, we are not always 
getting the best. The last time I was 
down there, I walked down a path that 
the 
people 
coming 
here 
illegally 
walked down. It was littered with 
photo IDs being thrown away from 
Chile, Brazil, Colombia, wherever. 
But we are about to have the situa-
tion become much, much worse. We are 
about to get rid of what we refer to as 
title 42. That means that people who 
are coming here will no longer be held 
up because of the COVID threat. 
There is a concern that the number 
of people coming here will be about 
18,000 a day being let in, or 500,000 a 
month. 
I think we have the biggest crisis in 
this country, allowing 70,000 people 
who are unvetted come into this coun-
try. We are about to go from 70,000 to 
half a million a month, and our Presi-
dent is focusing on: Are we doing 
enough 
to 
educate 
second 
graders 
about transgenders? 
I would hope the press corps would 
drill him on these questions again and 
again: Who is going to pay for these 
people? How is it fair for the people 
who are trying to come into this coun-
try appropriately? What are you going 
to do about people who are coming here 
who perhaps are breaking the law? 
I haven’t touched on the fact that 
while we are focusing right now on peo-
ple coming into the country, we are 
now having a fraction as many people 
being deported as we were before. That 
is another problem that we have to ad-
dress. 
In any event, I hope the press zeros 
in, when they have a chance to talk to 
President Biden, on what he is going to 
do since his own administration is esti-
mating 18,000 people a day are going to 
come here. 
Other things he is doing to encourage 
people to come here: We know, in the 
Build Back Better bill he was pro-
moting, he was trying to get people 
who come here illegally to get free col-
lege. We know, as a practical matter, 
when you come here, if you are sick, 
we take you to the hospital. You will 
get free healthcare. I think probably 
virtually every State in the country— 
certainly, in Wisconsin—if you are ill 
and show up at the emergency room, 
they will treat you. So, you are getting 
free healthcare, perhaps free college. 
It is just a disaster. It is the end of 
America. They talk right now about 
this happening the second half of May. 
America has to look out. Like I said, 
we are heading toward the point where 
we could have as many as half a mil-
lion people a month coming here—the 
end of America. 
The other crisis that we should be 
looking at—not quite as important as 
the border but close—is the amount of 
inflation. 
We had President Biden show us his 
new budget. In that new budget, we are 
talking about a 12 percent increase in 
nondiscretionary spending. It is not 
rocket science as to where this infla-
tion is coming from. When you spend 
money excessively, and the Federal Re-
serve has to print money, you are 
going to get inflation. 
I had naively hoped, at the beginning 
of the year, after the huge, excessive 
spending the last 2 years, that Repub-
licans and Democrats would get to-
gether and hold discretionary spending 
to even. Of course, mandatory spending 
is going to go up anyway as the popu-
lation ages—more money spent on 
Medicare, more money spent on Social 
Security. But, no, I didn’t get my wish 
of zero percent increase. 
A 12 percent increase in nondefense 
discretionary, what does that mean? It 
means we are going to continue to have 
the Fed print more and more money. 
We have a graph here to look at. It 
shows the year-over-year increase in 
M2, one measure of the amount of 
money in the system, which directly 
leads to inflation. 
Looking at the 1970s—and I was alive 
in the 1970s—there might have been a 7 
percent increase, year over year, in the 
size of the monetary supply. Look 
where we are right now. We are just 
short of a 40 percent increase. 
Look at where we are now compared 
to the 1970s and how difficult it was to 
get that inflation out of the system in 
the late 1970s and particularly the 
early 1980s. It really did take a real 
economic downturn to make the dollar 
have any value again. That is what it 
took in the 1980s, if you remember that 
downturn, that recession. Can you 
imagine how difficult it is going to be 
to give the dollar adequate value 
again? 
Not only that, as I look in that budg-
et, it is a divisive budget. One more 
time, we have program after program 
aimed at certain groups, not all Ameri-
cans across the board, as our fore-
fathers would want. 
When I go back home, I talk to a 
restauranteur. He has a little res-
taurant. He has his chin up. He doesn’t 
want to be publicized. He felt, during 
the COVID stuff, he was denied a $30,000 
grant because of his race. He is a White 
guy. 
This is the type of thing that page 
after page after page of this proposed 
budget throws out. Again, we have to 
focus on some people rather than other 
people, which is one of the reasons why 
I do feel, in addition to his incom-
petence at the border, in addition to 
his incompetence with regard to infla-
tion, in addition to the fact that I 
think he has done a bad job on COVID, 
as illustrated by the fact that he has 
been there well over a year and still 
they haven’t adequately publicized vi-
tamin D—President Trump should have 
been doing that as well, quite frankly. 
Despite all of these other problems, 
he for sure has become a divisive Presi-
dent, trying to lower the opinion of the 
police by saying that they are racist. 
In any event, these are the things 
that we should be focusing on right 
now. 
I must leave in a second due to a 
flight, but I will make one more com-
ment on Ukraine. It is my belief, talk-
ing to other Congressmen in this 
Chamber, as well as talking to people 
in the Biden administration, that they 
are not adequately preparing for the 
end of the Ukraine war. The longer the 
war goes on, the more people die, the 
more both the Ukrainian and Russian 
economies are shattered. If you look at 
all the bombs going off in Ukraine, you 
can imagine how long it is going to 
take to rebuild that country. 
Therefore, it should be obvious that, 
like any war, eventually, an armistice 
is going to be signed, and an agreement 
is going to be met. I don’t think 
enough exercise, enough time, is being 
put into bringing both sides to the 
table and working toward an agree-
ment. As soon as an agreement is 
reached, it will benefit both of these 
countries as well as the rest of the 
world. 
I strongly encourage the Biden ad-
ministration to see what they can do. I 
appreciate what France has done, and I 
appreciate what Israel has done, trying 
to broker a deal. 
There was a time when the United 
States was the world leader—I still like 
to think we are the world leader—in 
which 
we 
would 
get 
involved 
in 
brokering a deal, certainly brokering a 
deal before this whole war gets so out 
of line that it begins to affect the rest 
of the world as easily as it could if it 
would become a world war. 
Like I said, every day that goes by, 
the more people die, the more equip-
ment that is destroyed, it increases the 
chance that things will get out of line. 
So, I beg the Biden administration to 
exert a little bit of leadership toward 
trying to get this war to end. 
We all wish the Ukrainians are doing 
well, but ultimately, an agreement will 
have to be signed. 
I am all for helping Ukrainians. I 
have certainly voted for billions of dol-
lars which will be used by that coun-
try. But I am sure the people there will 
be happy when the war is over. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:53 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00049
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K01AP7.061
H01APPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 48-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4126 
April 1, 2022 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 11(b) of House Resolu-
tion 188, the House stands adjourned 
until noon on Monday next for morn-
ing-hour debate and 2 p.m. for legisla-
tive business. 
Thereupon (at 2 o’clock and 26 min-
utes p.m.), under its previous order, the 
House adjourned until Monday, April 4, 
2022, at noon for morning-hour debate. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following 
titles were introduced and severally re-
ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. PERRY (for himself, Mr. MAST, 
Mrs. MILLER of Illinois, and Mr. VAN 
DREW): 
H.R. 7354. A bill to limit the revocation 
and rescission of the designation of the Is-
lamic Revolutionary Guard Corps as a for-
eign terrorist organization, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-
ary. 
By Ms. VAN DUYNE (for herself, Mr. 
SMITH
of 
Nebraska, 
Mr. 
RODNEY 
DAVIS
of Illinois, Mr. ALLEN, Mr. 
GIBBS, Mr. ELLZEY, Mr. ROY, Mrs. 
BOEBERT, Mr. GOHMERT, Mr. JACKSON, 
and Mr. LAMALFA): 
H.R. 7355. A bill to provide that under the 
securities laws certain disclosures related to 
greenhouse-gas emissions or consumption of 
an issuer shall not be construed to be re-
quired; to the Committee on Financial Serv-
ices. 
By Mr. BROOKS (for himself, Mrs. MIL-
LER
of Illinois, Mr. GOHMERT, Mr. 
GOSAR, and Mr. PERRY): 
H.R. 7356. A bill to amend the Immigration 
and Nationality Act to modify the procedure 
to designate a foreign state, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-
ary. 
By Mr. BURGESS (for himself and Mr. 
DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois): 
H.R. 7357. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to require an executive agency 
to submit information to any committee of 
the House of Representatives upon the re-
quest of 7 of the members of the committee, 
and to submit information to any committee 
of the Senate upon the request of 5 of the 
members of the committee, if the informa-
tion relates to any matter under the juris-
diction of the committee, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Oversight and 
Reform. 
By Ms. DELAURO (for herself and Ms. 
SCHRIER): 
H.R. 7358. A bill to amend the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to apply the 
exempt infant formula requirements to cer-
tain human donor milk, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-
merce. 
By Mr. DESJARLAIS: 
H.R. 7359. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Service Act to provide the Secretary 
of Health and Human Services with the au-
thority to suspend the right to introduce 
certain persons or property into the United 
States in the interest of the public health; to 
the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Penn-
sylvania (for himself, Mr. GONZALEZ 
of Ohio, Mr. LAMB, and Mr. DONALDS): 
H.R. 7360. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Energy to establish a program to provide 
Federal financial assistance to support ad-
vanced nuclear reactors and associated sup-
ply chain infrastructure, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-
merce, and in addition to the Committee on 
Science, Space, and Technology, for a period 
to be subsequently determined by the Speak-
er, in each case for consideration of such pro-
visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
By Mr. FEENSTRA (for himself, Mrs. 
AXNE, 
Mrs. 
MILLER-MEEKS, 
Mrs. 
HINSON, and Mr. GIMENEZ): 
H.R. 7361. A bill to upgrade the commu-
nications service used by the National 
Weather Service, and for other purposes; to 
the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-
nology. 
By Mr. GARBARINO: 
H.R. 7362. A bill to amend the Communica-
tions Act of 1934 to prohibit mobile service 
providers from providing service on smart 
phones that have been reported stolen, to re-
quire smart phones to be equipped with anti- 
theft functionality and mobile device identi-
fication numbers, and to prohibit the alter-
ation or removal of mobile device identifica-
tion numbers of smart phones, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. 
By 
Mr. 
GIBBS 
(for 
himself, 
Mr. 
BALDERSON, Mr. MCKINLEY, and Mr. 
LATTA): 
H.R. 7363. A bill to amend the Oil Pollution 
Act of 1990 to clarify the responsibility of 
landowners who do not participate in the op-
eration of oil facilities, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana (for him-
self, Mr. PASCRELL, Mr. WEBER
of 
Texas, Mr. CARTER of Louisiana, Mr. 
PALLONE, and Mr. ROUZER): 
H.R. 7364. A bill to permit policyholders 
under the National Flood Insurance Program 
to elect to have previous premium rates re-
main in effect until the Administrator of the 
Federal Emergency Management Agency 
satisfies certain conditions, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on Financial 
Services. 
By Mrs. HINSON: 
H.R. 7365. A bill to amend the Fair Labor 
Standards Act of 1938 to exclude certain ac-
tivities from hours worked, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on Education 
and Labor. 
By Mr. JACKSON (for himself, Mrs. 
BOEBERT, Mr. CRENSHAW, Mr. ELLZEY, 
Mr. WEBER of Texas, Mr. WILLIAMS of 
Texas, Mr. LAMBORN, Mr. SMITH of 
Nebraska, Mrs. MILLER
of Illinois, 
Mr. MANN, Mr. STEUBE, Mr. NORMAN, 
Mr. COLE, Mr. BOST, Mr. CRAWFORD, 
Mr. BACON, Mr. WILSON
of South 
Carolina, Mr. ROSE, Mr. VAN DREW, 
Mr. 
MOONEY, 
Mr. 
MULLIN, 
Ms. 
HERRELL, Mr. GOOD of Virginia, Mr. 
MOOLENAAR, Mr. FEENSTRA, and Mr. 
BUCK): 
H.R. 7366. A bill to ban the imposition of 
any State or local liability insurance, tax, or 
user fee requirement for firearm or ammuni-
tion ownership or commerce; to the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means, and in addition 
to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a pe-
riod to be subsequently determined by the 
Speaker, in each case for consideration of 
such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-
tion of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. JACOBS of California: 
H.R. 7367. A bill to amend the Arms Export 
Control Act to provide for better monitoring 
and verification of the use of defense articles 
and defense services by countries of concern, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Com-
mittees on Intelligence (Permanent Select), 
and Rules, for a period to be subsequently 
determined by the Speaker, in each case for 
consideration of such provisions as fall with-
in the jurisdiction of the committee con-
cerned. 
By Ms. KAPTUR (for herself, Ms. NOR-
TON, and Mrs. AXNE): 
H.R. 7368. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Housing and Urban Development and the Di-
rector of the Federal Housing Finance Agen-
cy to develop a program to provide assist-
ance to creditworthy borrowers with Federal 
student debt in purchasing certain foreclosed 
homes owned by the Federal Government, 
the Federal National Mortgage Association, 
the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corpora-
tion, and local land banks, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Financial Serv-
ices. 
By Mr. LEVIN of California: 
H.R. 7369. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to expand the eligibility of vet-
erans who may receive self-employment as-
sistance under the Veteran Readiness and 
Employment program of the Department of 
Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Vet-
erans’ Affairs. 
By Ms. PORTER (for herself, Mr. 
CA´ RDENAS, Ms. BONAMICI, and Mrs. 
WATSON COLEMAN): 
H.R. 7370. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Education to study student mental health at 
institutions of higher education and to issue 
guidance on compliance with the Americans 
with Disabilities Act of 1990 for mental 
health and substance use disorder policies of 
institutions of higher education, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor. 
By Mr. SUOZZI (for himself, Ms. 
CLARKE of New York, Mr. DELGADO, 
Mr. ESPAILLAT, Mr. GARBARINO, Mr. 
HIGGINS of New York, Mr. JACOBS of 
New York, Mr. JEFFRIES, Mr. JONES, 
Mr. KATKO, Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALO-
NEY of New York, Mr. SEAN PATRICK 
MALONEY
of 
New 
York, 
Ms. 
MALLIOTAKIS, Mr. MEEKS, Ms. MENG, 
Mr. 
MORELLE, 
Mr. 
NADLER, 
Ms. 
OCASIO-CORTEZ, Mr. REED, Miss RICE 
of New York, Ms. TENNEY, Mr. TONKO, 
Mr. 
TORRES
of 
New 
York, 
Ms. 
VELA´ ZQUEZ, 
Mr. 
ZELDIN, 
Ms. 
STEFANIK, and Mr. BOWMAN): 
H.R. 7371. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 
55 Broadway in Greenlawn, New York, as the 
‘‘Samuel Ballton Post Office’’; to the Com-
mittee on Oversight and Reform. 
By Ms. TITUS (for herself, Mr. MEIJER, 
and Mr. MEEKS): 
H.R. 7372. A bill to amend the Ukraine 
Freedom Support Act of 2014 to require the 
President to establish a semiconductor sup-
ply chain working group in response to the 
Russian invasion of Ukraine and submit re-
ports to Congress on potential future disrup-
tions to the supply chain; to the Committee 
on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mrs. WALORSKI: 
H.R. 7373. A bill to amend the Families 
First Coronavirus Response Act to extend 
certain waivers related to child nutrition, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Education and Labor. 
By Mr. PALMER (for himself, Mrs. 
HINSON, Ms. VAN DUYNE, Mr. JOHNSON 
of 
Ohio, 
Mr. 
GUTHRIE, 
Mr. 
WESTERMAN, Mr. DONALDS, Mrs. ROD-
GERS of Washington, Mr. JACOBS of 
New York, Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana, 
Mr. BISHOP of North Carolina, Mr. 
MEUSER, Mr. MCKINLEY, Mrs. LESKO, 
Mr. DUNN, Mr. HILL, Mr. PENCE, Mr. 
STEUBE, Mr. BERGMAN, Mr. ELLZEY, 
Mr. DUNCAN, Mr. HICE of Georgia, Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:53 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00050
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K01AP7.062
H01APPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 49-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4127 
April 1, 2022 
JOYCE of Pennsylvania, Mr. SMUCKER, 
Mr. GOHMERT, Mr. CAWTHORN, Mrs. 
MILLER-MEEKS, Mrs. MILLER of Illi-
nois, Mr. CLOUD, Mrs. FISCHBACH, Mr. 
GARCIA of California, Mr. JOHNSON of 
Louisiana, Mr. ROGERS of Alabama, 
Ms. MALLIOTAKIS, Mr. GOSAR, Mr. 
MEIJER, Mr. WEBER
of Texas, Mr. 
WITTMAN, Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illi-
nois, Mr. JACKSON, Mr. DESJARLAIS, 
Mr. C. SCOTT FRANKLIN of Florida, 
Mrs. BICE of Oklahoma, Mr. PALAZZO, 
Mr. BUDD, Mr. BURCHETT, Mr. RICE of 
South Carolina, Mr. KELLY of Mis-
sissippi, Mr. NEHLS, Mr. DAVIDSON, 
Mrs. KIM of California, Ms. HERRELL, 
Mr. TONY GONZALES of Texas, Mr. 
MURPHY
of 
North 
Carolina, 
Mr. 
GROTHMAN, Mrs. SPARTZ, Mr. ALLEN, 
Mr. MOONEY, Mr. RESCHENTHALER, 
Mr. HERN, Mr. CARTER of Georgia, 
Ms. LETLOW, Mr. GRAVES
of Lou-
isiana, 
Mr. 
WALBERG, 
Mr. 
DIAZ- 
BALART, Mr. MOORE of Utah, Mrs. 
MILLER of West Virginia, Mr. GOOD of 
Virginia, Mrs. HARSHBARGER, Mrs. 
BOEBERT, Mr. HARRIS, Mr. BIGGS, Mr. 
BUCK, Mr. SMITH of New Jersey, Mr. 
GRIFFITH, 
Mr. 
GARBARINO, 
Mr. 
MOOLENAAR, Mr. TIFFANY, and Mr. 
BACON): 
H. Res. 1020. A resolution condemning the 
Biden administration’s plans for seeking to 
remove sanctions on the oppressive Maduro 
regime and negotiating with Iran in response 
to the crisis in Ukraine, and instead calling 
for Congress and the administration to sup-
port the production of American energy; to 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in ad-
dition to the Committees on Energy and 
Commerce, Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture, and Natural Resources, for a period to 
be subsequently determined by the Speaker, 
in each case for consideration of such provi-
sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
By Ms. JOHNSON of Texas (for herself, 
Mr. CARSON, Ms. OMAR, Ms. TLAIB, 
Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. SHER-
MAN, Ms. LEE
of California, Ms. 
ADAMS, Mr. TORRES
of New York, 
Mrs. 
WATSON
COLEMAN, 
Mr. 
SWALWELL, Ms. NORTON, Ms. ESHOO, 
Ms. WILLIAMS of Georgia, Mr. JOHN-
SON of Georgia, Mr. RASKIN, Mrs. DIN-
GELL, Mr. KILDEE, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY, 
Ms. OCASIO-CORTEZ, Mr. COSTA, Ms. 
LOFGREN, Mr. GOMEZ, Ms. NEWMAN, 
Mr. LARSEN of Washington, Mr. LEVIN 
of 
Michigan, 
Mr. 
EVANS, 
Mr. 
KRISHNAMOORTHI, and Mr. PALLONE): 
H. Res. 1021. A resolution recognizing the 
commencement of Ramadan, the Muslim 
holy month of fasting and spiritual renewal, 
and commending Muslims in the United 
States and throughout the world for their 
faith; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Ms. TLAIB (for herself and Mrs. 
DINGELL): 
H. Res. 1022. A resolution expressing sup-
port for the recognition of April as Arab 
American Heritage Month and celebrating 
the heritage and culture of Arab Americans 
in the United States; to the Committee on 
Oversight and Reform. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-
tives, the following statements are sub-
mitted regarding the specific powers 
granted to Congress in the Constitu-
tion to enact the accompanying bill or 
joint resolution. 
By Mr. PERRY: 
H.R. 7354. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section VIII of the United States 
Constitution 
By Ms. VAN DUYNE: 
H.R. 7355. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. BROOKS: 
H.R. 7356. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States 
By Mr. BURGESS: 
H.R. 7357. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Ms. DELAURO: 
H.R. 7358. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, U.S. Constitution 
By Mr. DESJARLAIS: 
R.R. 7359. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Penn-
sylvania: 
H.R. 7360. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion 
By Mr. FEENSTRA: 
H.R. 7361. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion 
By Mr. GARBARINO: 
H.R. 7362. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 1 of the Constitution. 
Congress has the power to enact this legisla-
tion, as well, under Article 1, Section 8, 
Clauses 1, 3 and 18. 
By Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana: 
H.R. 7364. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution, specifically Clause I (relatin 
providing for the common defense and gen-
eral welfare of the United States) and 18 (re-
lating to the power to make all laws nec-
essary and proper for carrying out powers 
vested in Congress). 
By Mrs. HINSON: 
H.R. 7365. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. JACKSON: 
H.R. 7366. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Ms. JACOBS of California: 
H.R. 7367. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution. 
By Ms. KAPTUR: 
H.R. 7368. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution 
By Mr. LEVIN of California: 
H.R. 7369. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion 
By Ms. PORTER: 
H.R. 7370. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. SUOZZI: 
H.R. 7371. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution, 
Congress has the power ‘‘To establish Post 
Offices and post Roads.’’ 
By Ms. TITUS: 
H.R. 7372. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to 
Article I of the United States Constitution. 
By Mrs. WALORSKI: 
H.R. 7373. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8 of Article 1 of the United States 
Constitution 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-
tions, as follows: 
H.R. 19: Mr. GRAVES of Missouri, Mr. KELLY 
of Pennsylvania, and Mr. MOOLENAAR. 
H.R. 623: Mr. LYNCH. 
H.R. 648: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 673: Mr. CARSON. 
H.R. 674: Mr. CARSON. 
H.R. 829: Mr. DELGADO. 
H.R. 1080: Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 1179: Mr. GUEST and Mr. BRENDAN F. 
BOYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1282: Ms. BROWN of Ohio. 
H.R. 1334: Mr. HOYER and Ms. WEXTON. 
H.R. 1481: Ms. NEWMAN, Mr. KHANNA, Mr. 
PANETTA, Ms. JACOBS of California, and Mr. 
LIEU. 
H.R. 1803: Mrs. MCBATH. 
H.R. 1916: Mr. REED. 
H.R. 1919: Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois, 
Mr. 
KRISHNAMOORTHI, 
Mr. 
SABLAN, 
Mr. 
ALLRED, Mr. QUIGLEY, and Mr. FOSTER. 
H.R. 2351: Ms. STEFANIK. 
H.R. 2489: Ms. NEWMAN. 
H.R. 2515: Mr. MOORE of Utah. 
H.R. 2689: Ms. STANSBURY. 
H.R. 2773: Mr. SCHIFF. 
H.R. 2820: Ms. MATSUI. 
H.R. 2837: Ms. BASS. 
H.R. 2918: Mr. TRONE. 
H.R. 3077: Mr. LIEU. 
H.R. 3173: Mr. PAYNE. 
H.R. 3244: Mr. VEASEY. 
H.R. 3281: Mr. NEWHOUSE. 
H.R. 3348: Mr. ROGERS of Alabama and Ms. 
PORTER. 
H.R. 3451: Mr. BEYER and Mrs. HAYES. 
H.R. 3577: Mr. SMUCKER. 
H.R. 3822: Mr. CARBAJAL. 
H.R. 3824: Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. 
H.R. 3962: Mr. TIFFANY. 
H.R. 3991: Mrs. LESKO. 
H.R. 4176: Ms. MATSUI and Mr. CONNOLLY. 
H.R. 4410: Mr. RYAN. 
H.R. 4442: Mrs. HAYES. 
H.R. 4571: Mr. WESTERMAN. 
H.R. 4603: Mr. BROWN of Maryland. 
H.R. 4766: Ms. WILLIAMS of Georgia, Mr. 
HUFFMAN, Mr. PAYNE, Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI, 
Mr. GREEN of Texas, Ms. OMAR, Mrs. LAW-
RENCE, Mr. BISHOP of Georgia, Mr. BROWN of 
Maryland, and Mr. NEGUSE. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:53 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00051
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\L01AP7.100
H01APPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 50-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4128 
April 1, 2022 
H.R. 4870: Mr. MCGOVERN. 
H.R. 4892: Mr. RASKIN and Mr. LEVIN of 
California. 
H.R. 4967: Mr. PANETTA. 
H.R. 5112: Mr. PALAZZO. 
H.R. 5232: Ms. WILLIAMS of Georgia. 
H.R. 5370: Mr. SUOZZI. 
H.R. 5497: Mr. RUPPERSBERGER
and Ms. 
STANSBURY. 
H.R. 5530: Mrs. MCBATH. 
H.R. 5581: Mr. PAYNE. 
H.R. 5678: Ms. WILLIAMS of Georgia. 
H.R. 5769: Mr. AGUILAR. 
H.R. 5801: Mr. QUIGLEY and Ms. WILD. 
H.R. 5886: Mr. ALLEN. 
H.R. 5999: Mr. GOTTHEIMER. 
H.R. 6015: Mr. FERGUSON. 
H.R. 6026: Mr. COHEN. 
H.R. 6102: Ms. BONAMICI. 
H.R. 6161: Mr. GOHMERT. 
H.R. 6171: Mr. SOTO. 
H.R. 6215: Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. 
H.R. 6251: Mrs. HAYES. 
H.R. 6261: Ms. BROWNLEY and Mr. COOPER. 
H.R. 6270: Mr. HUFFMAN. 
H.R. 6544: Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. 
H.R. 6649: Mr. GAETZ. 
H.R. 6659: Mr. SMUCKER, Mr. BABIN, Mrs. 
HARTZLER, and Mr. MEUSER. 
H.R. 6681: Ms. BROWNLEY. 
H.R. 6818: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. 
H.R. 6926: Mr. DUNCAN. 
H.R. 7004: Ms. BARRAGA´ N. 
H.R. 7026: Mr. ALLEN. 
H.R. 7030: Ms. PORTER. 
H.R. 7032: Ms. SCHRIER. 
H.R. 7060: Mr. BALDERSON. 
H.R. 7077: Mr. JEFFRIES, Ms. Vela´zquez, Mr. 
MEEKS, Mr. DELGADO, Miss RICE
of New 
York, and Mr. HIGGINS of New York. 
H.R. 7099: Ms. BROWN of Ohio. 
H.R. 7116: Mr. PAPPAS. 
H.R. 7147: Ms. STRICKLAND, Ms. CLARKE of 
New 
York, 
Mr. 
BLUMENAUER, 
and 
Mr. 
MCGOVERN. 
H.R. 7150: Mr. DUNCAN, Mr. DAVIDSON, Mr. 
TIFFANY, Mr. MEUSER, Mr. LOUDERMILK, Ms. 
TENNEY, Mr. CAREY, Mr. BABIN, Mr. MOORE of 
Alabama, Mr. GROTHMAN, Mr. CLYDE, and Mr. 
WILSON of South Carolina. 
H.R. 7179: Mr. NORMAN. 
H.R. 7185: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN and Ms. 
NORTON. 
H.R. 7189: Mr. VALADAO. 
H.R. 7194: Mr. HILL, Mr. C. SCOTT FRANKLIN 
of Florida, and Mrs. STEEL. 
H.R. 7222: Mr. WITTMAN. 
H.R. 7229: Mr. MANN. 
H.R. 7256: Mr. ELLZEY. 
H.R. 7263: Mrs. MILLER
of Illinois, Mr. 
PERRY, and Ms. STEFANIK. 
H.R. 7294: Mrs. WAGNER and Mr. JOHNSON of 
Ohio. 
H.R. 7303: Mr. KATKO and Mr. GARBARINO. 
H.R. 7310: Mr. LEVIN
of Michigan, Ms. 
LEGER
FERNANDEZ, Mr. SABLAN, and Mr. 
MFUME. 
H.R. 7330: Ms. TENNEY and Mr. GARBARINO. 
H.R. 7344: Mr. TIFFANY. 
H.J. Res. 1: Mr. LIEU, Ms. DELAURO, Mr. 
SCOTT of Virginia, Mr. KILDEE, Mr. HOYER, 
Ms. MENG, Ms. DEAN, Mr. LARSEN of Wash-
ington, and Ms. PORTER. 
H.J. Res. 72: Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. 
H.J. Res. 79: Mr. GOHMERT and Mr. CLYDE. 
H. Con. Res. 60: Mr. LOWENTHAL. 
H. Con. Res. 84: Ms. LEGER FERNANDEZ and 
Mr. JONES. 
H. Res. 79: Mr. CARSON. 
H. Res. 240: Mr. MORELLE. 
H. Res. 404: Mr. GOHMERT. 
H. Res. 529: Mr. STEIL. 
H. Res. 891: Ms. WATERS. 
H. Res. 1008: Mr. SCHIFF. 
H. Res. 1015: Mr. DAVIDSON. 
f 
DISCHARGE PETITIONS— 
ADDITIONS AND WITHDRAWALS 
The following Members added their 
names to the following discharge peti-
tions: 
Petition 2 by Mr. ROY on House Resolution 
216: Mrs. Kim of California, Mr. Carey, Mr. 
Simpson, Mr. Moolenaar, Mr. Rogers of Ken-
tucky, Mrs. Steel, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Stewart, 
Mr. Turner, Mr. Leutkemeyer, Ms. Cheney, 
Mrs. Rodgers of Washington, Mr. McHenry. 
Petition 10 by Mr. DUNCAN on House 
Joint Resolution 67: Mr. Biggs. 
Petition 11 by Mr. SCHWEIKERT on H.R. 
6009: Mr. Biggs. 
Petition 12 by Mr. GOSAR on House Joint 
Resolution 46: Mr. Estes, Mr. Biggs, Mrs. 
McClain, 
Mr. 
McKinley, 
Mr. 
Roy, 
Mr. 
Steube, Mrs. Lesko, Mr. Huizenga, Mr. 
DesJarlais, Mr. Rodney Davis of Illinois, Mr. 
Rouzer, Mr. Wilson of South Carolina, Mr. 
Webster of Florida, Mr. Cline, Mr. Clyde, Mr. 
Norman, Ms. Herrell, Mr. Buck, Mr. Fulcher, 
Mr. Grothman, Mr. Pfluger, Mr. Davidson. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:53 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00052
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A01AP7.047
H01APPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 51-
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E339 
April 1, 2022 
RECOGNIZING THE GREAT LAKES 
BOAT 
BUILDING 
SCHOOL 
FOR 
BEING NAMED OPERATION AC-
TION U.P.’S NON-PROFIT OF THE 
YEAR 
HON. JACK BERGMAN 
OF MICHIGAN 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, April 1, 2022 
Mr. BERGMAN. Madam Speaker, it is my 
honor to recognize the Great Lakes Boat 
Building School for being named Operation 
Action U.P.’s Non-Profit of the Year. Through 
their tireless work and steadfast devotion to 
their students and community, GLBBS has be-
come an indispensable part of the Upper Pe-
ninsula, the State of Michigan, and the Great 
Lakes region. 
The Great Lakes Boat Building School was 
created in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in 
2005, with a mission to bring a local maritime 
trade school to the region. Their school has 
given many people the opportunity to learn 
about the boat building industry and embark 
on successful careers after their education. In 
addition to being awarded the 2020–21 Non- 
Profit of the Year by Operation Action U.P., 
they also recently have been recognized as a 
Bronze-Level Veteran-Friendly School by the 
Michigan Veteran-Friendly Schools Program. 
As a Veteran myself, I greatly appreciate the 
work they have dedicated to our men and 
women in uniform as they return from service. 
GLBBS continues to serve as a model for 
other programs across the country for the na-
tional educational standards they regularly ex-
ceed. 
Madam Speaker, it’s my honor to recognize 
the Great Lakes Boat Building School for their 
significant contributions to our region and their 
recent 
well-deserved 
recognitions. 
Michiganders can take great pride in knowing 
the First District is home to such dedicated 
citizens. On behalf of my constituents, I wish 
them all the best in their future endeavors. 
f 
KARLA DIAZ CASTANEDA 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, April 1, 2022 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Karla Diaz 
Castaneda for receiving the Adams County 
Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. 
Karla Diaz Castaneda is a 12th grader at 
Vantage Point High School and received this 
award because their determination and hard 
work have allowed them to overcome adversi-
ties. 
The dedication demonstrated by Karla Diaz 
Castaneda is exemplary of the type of 
achievement that can be attained with hard 
work and perseverance. It is essential stu-
dents at all levels strive to make the most of 
their education and develop a work ethic 
which will guide them for the rest of their lives. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to 
Karla Diaz Castaneda for winning the Adams 
County Mayors and Commissioners Youth 
Award. I have no doubt they will exhibit the 
same dedication and character in all of their 
future accomplishments. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY 
OF 
MASTER 
WEAVER 
FLORENTINA 
‘‘FLOREN’’ 
MENO 
PAULINO 
HON. MICHAEL F.Q. SAN NICOLAS 
OF GUAM 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, April 1, 2022 
Mr. SAN NICOLAS. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the life and legacy of Master 
Weaver Florentina ‘‘Floren’’ Meno Paulino. 
Master Weaver Paulino, or ‘‘Tan Floren’’ as 
she is affectionately known, was an esteemed 
artist, pillar of CHamoru tradition, and fountain 
of wisdom for the People of Guam. Our com-
munity will fondly remember her as a woman 
whose generous spirit and commitment to cul-
tural preservation have and will continue to ex-
tend far beyond the fringes of her woven 
works. 
As a young girl having grown up as part of 
the Greatest Generation of Guam, Tan Floren 
learned the basic skills of weaving from her fa-
ther to contribute to her family and community. 
From baskets to mats, woven items were a 
significant part of daily life for CHamorus. By 
age twelve, Tan Floren began crafting items 
such as guagua’ nengkanno’ and tuhong 
siha—respectively translated as food baskets 
and hats. As she continued to learn and de-
velop her skills, the knowledge she obtained 
from family and friends brought her to a level 
of proficiency required for weaving decorative 
items such as paluma, uhang, adothonulu, 
and inareklan flores—otherwise known as 
birds, shrimp, head bands, and floral arrange-
ments. Over the years, her continued practice 
and growth paved the way for her to rise as 
a traditional master weaver specializing in 
plaiting coconut palm and pandanus leaves 
into utilitarian and decorative items. 
Navigating new opportunities to pass on the 
traditional art of weaving, Tan Floren found a 
home in the Gef Pa’go Cultural Village where 
she could demonstrate her skills. For decades, 
she taught traditional weaving methods and 
articles for tourists, guests and student visitors 
alike. This passion for sharing knowledge with 
and empowering others poured out into other 
areas of her life as well, having retired from 
the Government of Guam after years of serv-
ice at Inala˚han Elementary School, lnala˚han 
Middle School, and Talo’fo’fo Elementary 
School. She further maintained an active role 
in community life by participating in numerous 
cultural events across our island and region 
throughout the year. Moreover, she received 
formal recognition as a Master Weaver by the 
Guam Council on the Arts and Humanities 
Agency (CAHA) in 1997 as part of the Masters 
of CHamoru Tradition poster series. 
Master Weaver Florentina ‘‘Floren’’ Meno 
Paulino is an icon of resilience who continues 
to inspire many throughout our island and re-
gion to remain steadfast in their pursuits of an-
cestral knowledge and indigenous rediscovery. 
Her tireless dedication to perpetuating the val-
ues of life, family, and culture central to our 
CHamoru identity resonate acutely with me, 
and I join the People of Guam in remembering 
and celebrating her life and legacy of deep- 
rooted community service. My family and I 
wish to extend our hearts and prayers for 
Master Weaver Florentina ‘‘Floren’’ Meno 
Paulino, her family, and friends. She will be 
dearly missed, and her love and memories will 
forever remain in the hearts of the People of 
Guam. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. KEVIN BRADY 
OF TEXAS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, April 1, 2022 
Mr. BRADY. Madam Speaker, I was un-
avoidably detained. Had I been present, I 
would have voted NAY on Roll Call No. 98; 
NAY on Roll Call No. 99; YEA on Roll Call No. 
100; YEA on Roll Call No. 101; and NAY on 
Roll Call No. 102. 
f 
ROSALINDA CARDONA 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, April 1, 2022 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Rosalinda 
Cardona for receiving the Adams County May-
ors and Commissioners Youth Award. 
Rosalinda Cardona is a 12th grader at 
FutureForward Bollman and Northglenn High 
School and received this award because their 
determination and hard work have allowed 
them to overcome adversities. 
The dedication demonstrated by Rosalinda 
Cardona is exemplary of the type of achieve-
ment that can be attained with hard work and 
perseverance. It is essential students at all 
levels strive to make the most of their edu-
cation and develop a work ethic which will 
guide them for the rest of their lives. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to 
Rosalinda Cardona for winning the Adams 
County Mayors and Commissioners Youth 
Award. I have no doubt they will exhibit the 
same dedication and character in all of their 
future accomplishments. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:32 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A01AP8.001
E01APPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 52-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E340 
April 1, 2022 
WOMEN OF THE REPRODUCTIVE 
RIGHTS MOVEMENT 
SPEECH OF 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Tuesday, March 29, 2022 
Ms. LEE of California. Madam Speaker, I 
rise today to pay tribute to the countless peo-
ple—organizers and activists, jurists and jus-
tices, doctors and clinic staff—whose work 
and leadership continues to secure access to 
abortion services across the country. For gen-
erations, women have been at the forefront of 
the fight to secure reproductive health serv-
ices, and their bravery and vision continues to 
inspire our work today. In the face of the most 
serious effort to turn back the clock on abor-
tion access in decades, their work is more im-
portant today than ever. 
Around the country, medical providers and 
clinic staff show up to work every day to en-
sure that people have the care they need. 
They routinely provide care in the face of un-
relenting threats, violence, and harassment by 
anti-abortion extremists, showing up each day 
to ensure that people in our communities have 
access to care. These providers and clinic 
staff have been innovating and adapting to 
meet an unending series of challenges and 
hurdles. Each day, abortion care providers are 
working toward a world in which every person 
can shape their own futures and families. 
I want to share some of their names here 
today—just some of the many women whose 
work is critical to making abortion accessible. 
Dr. Kathryn Fay, MD/MSCI, is on the faculty 
in the Division of Complex Family Planning at 
Brigham and Women’s hospital, an instructor 
at Harvard Medical School, and is an NIH- 
funded researcher focusing on reproductive 
coercion. She continues to provide a full spec-
trum of care, including labor and delivery serv-
ices, medication and procedural abortions, 
contraceptive 
counseling, 
and 
routine 
gynecologic care. 
Dr. Halley Crissman is an OB/GYN in 
Southeast Michigan who provides gender-af-
firming care, abortion care, and comprehen-
sive 
sexual 
and 
reproductive 
care. 
Dr. 
Crissman advocates tirelessly for her pa-
tients—for their access to safe, high quality 
medical care, and for their respect and bodily 
autonomy. She is the Director of Gender Af-
firming Care with Planned Parenthood of 
Michigan which is working to expand access 
to gender-affirming hormone care across the 
state of Michigan, while simultaneously work-
ing to protect and expand access to abortion 
care. 
Dr. Katherine Farris has worked at Planned 
Parenthood South Atlantic for more than 13 
years. She is a family physician who has pro-
vided abortion care throughout her career be-
cause she recognizes that without the ability 
to decide if or when to become a parent, no 
person has true freedom or autonomy to cre-
ate the life they desire. 
Dr Rathika Nimalendran works as an abor-
tion provider at a health clinic in North Caro-
lina. In a profile for Physicians for Reproduc-
tive Health, she wrote ‘‘I have always been 
compelled to provide abortion care. I believe 
in a woman’s right to choose what is best for 
her, and I provide abortions to help women 
who have made the choice to safely terminate 
a pregnancy.’’ 
Joan Whitaker retired as the director of 
health services at ABCD (Action for Boston 
Community Development) in June 2020 after 
serving the Boston community for 33 years. 
Dr. Adeola Oni-Orisan is a medical anthro-
pologist and board-certified family physician 
specializing in reproductive healthcare. She 
provides abortion care in California and also 
travels to Georgia to provide abortions as in-
terim-medical director of abortion services at 
Planned Parenthood Southeast. As a medical 
anthropologist, her work seeks to illuminate 
experiences of seeking and providing repro-
ductive health care in Black birthwork commu-
nities in the bay area. She is also a leader in 
One Love Black Community, an organization 
which supports Black birthing people in San 
Francisco who are pregnant, postpartum, or 
postabortion. 
Madam Speaker, abortion is essential, abor-
tion providers are essential, and independent 
abortion clinics do essential work. Many also 
provide other life-saving services, including 
hormone therapy and gender-affirming care, 
prenatal and birthing care, STI and HIV testing 
and treatment, birth control and family plan-
ning, and sometimes even primary care. We 
celebrate each of these women today, to-
gether with doctors and nurses, clinic staff and 
administrators, across the country. 
In addition to medical professionals and clin-
ic staff, we also honor the women whose work 
as advocates, activists, and organizers is crit-
ical to ensuring that each person has access 
to the care they need. Women who have 
fought for the passage of laws that protect, 
rather than restrict, abortion access, have ad-
vocated for funding for reproductive health pri-
orities; women who go into communities to co-
ordinate and educate, and to connect people 
with the care and services they seek. Women 
who ensure we all know what our rights are, 
and who teach us to raise our voices to de-
mand the protection of those rights. 
I particularly want to pay tribute to the 
women who have been working on the ground 
in Texas, especially in the months since the 
enactment of S.B. 8. In the light of unprece-
dented restrictions and draconian new laws, 
organizers and activists in Texas have per-
sisted, and their work is more critical now than 
ever. 
I want to highlight one organizer today: Lucy 
Ceballos Felix. Lucy, originally from Mata-
moros, Tamaulipas; Mexico, is certified by the 
state of Texas as a Community Health Worker 
(CHW) and Community Health Worker Instruc-
tor (CHWI). Since 2012, Lucy has worked at 
the National Latina Institute for Reproductive 
Justice as Associate Director of Field and Ad-
vocacy in Texas, meeting with groups of 
women and other from various cities in the 
four counties of the Rio Grande Valley, Cor-
pus Christ, and Houston. Her work helps com-
munity groups learn how to discover and de-
velop their leadership, mobilize their commu-
nity, and take action on political issues that 
are harming their lives, families, and commu-
nities. In the light of recent Texas legislation, 
Lucy’s work is needed now more than ever. 
I could speak for hours about the women 
who paved the legal path that is now under 
threat from the Supreme Court and the 
women who, as legislators at both the state 
and national level, have fought for passage of 
bills that expand abortion access and refused 
to accept policies that put it farther out of 
reach. I want to close by paying tribute to just 
one—Rep. Shirley Chisholm. 
Rep. Chisholm was a trailblazer in so many 
ways, and not the least of these was her sup-
port for reproductive rights and abortion ac-
cess. In 1969 she was named honorary presi-
dent of NARAL, in 1970 she supported legal-
ization of abortion in her home state of New 
York, and in 1970 described abortion as an 
issue of economic and racial justice. In 1989, 
she was one of 16 Black women who pub-
lished the first collective statement calling for 
equal access to abortion. Rep. Chisholm em-
phasized what continues to be true today: that 
although abortion restrictions and bans hurt 
everyone, their impacts fall most heavily on 
women of color, low-income women, and oth-
ers who already face barriers to accessing 
health care. Rep. Chisholm understood that 
reproductive justice is critical to economic and 
racial justice, and I am proud to continue her 
work as co-chair of the Pro-Choice Caucus. 
Madam Speaker, every day across the 
United States and around the world, women 
are protecting, upholding, and expanding abor-
tion access. Generations of women—lawyers, 
organizers, providers, activists, volunteers— 
are responsible the rights and freedoms we 
currently enjoy, and the Pro-Choice Caucus is 
committed to building upon their legacy. Even 
in the face of unprecedented threats, we will 
continue to fight for a future where everyone, 
no matter where they live or how much money 
they make, has the freedom to make deci-
sions, for themselves, about their bodies, their 
lives, and their futures. 
f 
FREYA ARCHULETA 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, April 1, 2022 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today 
to 
recognize 
and 
applaud 
Freya 
Archuleta for receiving the Adams County 
Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. 
Freya Archuleta is a 9th grader at Adams 
City High School and received this award be-
cause their determination and hard work have 
allowed them to overcome adversities. 
The dedication demonstrated by Freya 
Archuleta is exemplary of the type of achieve-
ment that can be attained with hard work and 
perseverance. It is essential students at all 
levels strive to make the most of their edu-
cation and develop a work ethic which will 
guide them for the rest of their lives. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to 
Freya Archuleta for winning the Adams County 
Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. I 
have no doubt they will exhibit the same dedi-
cation and character in all of their future ac-
complishments. 
f 
WESTMINSTER RETIREMENT 
COMMUNITY 55TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. MICHAEL T. McCAUL 
OF TEXAS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, April 1, 2022 
Mr. MCCAUL. Madam Speaker, I rise today 
to mark the 55th anniversary of the opening of 
the Westminster Retirement Community in 
Austin, Texas. I wish to congratulate them for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:32 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A01AP8.006
E01APPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 53-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E341 
April 1, 2022 
the meaningful work they do for the senior 
community in Austin and commend them for 
their commitment to providing high-end, quality 
care to their residents. 
Westminster will always hold a special place 
in my heart, as they cared for my mother in 
her final days. I want to thank the doctors, 
nurses, and all the staff for the love and care 
they provided her during her time with them. 
Since 1967, Westminster has provided life 
care, residential services, and state-of-the-art 
healthcare to thousands of residents who have 
trusted and relied upon their facilities and 
staff. To reach this milestone, Westminster’s 
staff has worked tirelessly to ensure that their 
residents receive the care they need while 
also providing a comforting place to live during 
retirement. 
The high quality of care and standard of liv-
ing for the residents of Westminster has gar-
nered national attention and led to a recogni-
tion as a Top 25 ‘Best in Wellness’’ Senior 
Living Community in North America by the 
ICAA. This continued commitment to serving 
their residents in Austin illustrates the value 
that they serve in this community. 
For 55 years, Westminster Retirement Com-
munity has diligently served the senior popu-
lation in Austin to ensure that its residents live 
a long, healthy, and joyous life. Westminster 
has become the reliable institution that it is 
today due to its effort and acute attention to 
the care of its residents. 
I want to recognize Westminster on their 
55th anniversary and I commend them for the 
outstanding work they do for the retirement 
community in Austin. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO VOORHEES COLLEGE 
ON THE OCCASION OF ITS 125TH 
ANNIVERSARY AND RENAMING 
HON. JAMES E. CLYBURN 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, April 1, 2022 
Mr. CLYBURN. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to pay tribute to a proud historically 
Black college, in South Carolina’s 6th Con-
gressional District, on the occasion on its 
125th Founder’s Day. Voorhees College has 
provided educational opportunities for young 
African Americans in South Carolina since 
1897 and on April 7, 2022 will be renamed 
Voorhees University. 
Voorhees is the first HBCU founded by an 
African-American woman, Elizabeth Evelyn 
Wright, under the name Denmark Industrial 
School on April 14, 1897. When Ms. Wright 
founded the school, at the young age of 23, 
her vision was to provide a quality education 
to young men and women. 
Ms. Wright’s vision for the school grew, and 
in 1902, it became Voorhees Industrial School, 
after attracting the financial support of New 
Jersey philanthropist Ralph Voorhees. Mr. 
Voorhees and his wife donated money for the 
purchase of 280 acres of land in Denmark, 
South Carolina to expand the campus. More 
support came in 1924, when the school came 
under the auspices of the American Church 
Institutes for Negroes, which was part of the 
Episcopal Church. 
In 1928, the name was changed to Voor-
hees Normal and Industrial School, reflecting 
its addition of a junior college. In 1946, the 
junior college became the first Black college in 
South Carolina accredited by the Southern As-
sociation of Colleges and Schools. In Decem-
ber 1962, the institution became known as 
Voorhees College. The high school was 
closed, and, in 1967, Voorhees began grant-
ing 4-year degrees. 
The students on Voorhees College’s cam-
pus, like many other historically Black institu-
tions, became engaged in the 1960’s civil 
rights activities. In 1969, students occupied 
the Wilkinson Hall offices of the mostly white 
administration to protest their failure to hire 
additional Black faculty and provide more 
scholarships to low-income students from the 
Denmark community. 
The difference between this and other col-
lege protests was that, having seen the shoot-
ing of student protestors on the nearby South 
Carolina State College campus the previous 
year, the students armed themselves. Their 
actions drew national media attention. After 
two days, the South Carolina National Guard 
forced the students to end their protest. Many 
were arrested and suspended. Some received 
jail sentences of 18 months to two years. All 
of them went on to complete their degrees. 
Despite the tumultuous times, Voorhees 
College has always followed Elizabeth Evelyn 
Wright’s vision for the school, ‘‘to try to help 
my fellow man to help themselves, and if a 
way was not open for them, I must open it my-
self.’’ It was in that spirit in December 2021, 
that the Southern Association of College and 
School Commission on Colleges approved 
Voorhees Master’s degree program, setting in 
motion today’s historic renaming to Voorhees 
University. 
Voorhees College, under the leadership of 
Dr. Ronnie Hopkins, the tenth President, con-
tinues to offer its students a quality, com-
prehensive, general education, coupled with 
professional education, in a value-centered lib-
eral arts tradition. Its mission is, ‘‘to produce 
highly qualified graduates who coalesce intel-
lect and faith in pursuit of life-long learning, 
healthy living, the betterment of society, and 
an abiding faith in God.’’ This mission is deep-
ly imbedded in the hearts and minds of fac-
ulty, staff and students allowing students to 
combine intellect and faith as they broaden 
their minds and prepare for their futures. 
Madam Speaker, I ask you and our col-
leagues to join me in celebrating the 125th an-
niversary of Voorhees College and its new 
status as Voorhees University. May it continue 
to build upon the vision of its founder and 
serve as an exemplary example of higher edu-
cation. 
f 
AWNEE MONTANO 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, April 1, 2022 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Awnee 
Montano for receiving the Adams County May-
ors and Commissioners Youth Award. 
Awnee Montano is a 12th grader at 
Northglenn High School and received this 
award because their determination and hard 
work have allowed them to overcome adversi-
ties. 
The dedication demonstrated by Awnee 
Montano is exemplary of the type of achieve-
ment that can be attained with hard work and 
perseverance. It is essential students at all 
levels strive to make the most of their edu-
cation and develop a work ethic which will 
guide them for the rest of their lives. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to 
Awnee Montano for winning the Adams Coun-
ty Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. I 
have no doubt they will exhibit the same dedi-
cation and character in all of their future ac-
complishments. 
f 
HONORING THE BIRTHDAY OF 
MRS. IRENE BURRUS 
HON. TROY A. CARTER 
OF LOUISIANA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, April 1, 2022 
Mr. CARTER of Louisiana. Madam Speaker, 
I rise today to celebrate and honor Mrs. Irene 
Burrus on the joyous and momentous occa-
sion of her 99th birthday on March 31, 2022. 
Irene has been a supporter, trusted advisor 
and personal friend of mine since I was a 
mere kid. I thank God for her and her incred-
ible love, passion, and sincere care for our 
community at large. 
Mrs. Irene Burrus has been a tireless volun-
teer in the New Orleans community for more 
than 50 years. She is a leader and possesses 
the skills to involve her friends and neighbors 
in the causes and organizations she believes 
in. Her kindness and empathy for others 
makes her a respected member of her com-
munity and has inspired many to follow in her 
service to others. 
Irene was married to the deceased John 
Burrus, who served our country and was 
awarded the Navy Cross by President Harry 
S. Truman. She became involved in many 
causes for our military and veterans through-
out the State of Louisiana. 
Irene worked at the New Orleans Ernest N. 
Morial Convention Center for over thirty years. 
She has shared an unwavering love and dedi-
cation for the city of New Orleans with every-
one she encountered. In 2013, at the age of 
89, she volunteered three days of her time to 
welcoming people from over the world to the 
activities surrounding Super Bowl XLVII. She 
is well-known to serve breakfast to law en-
forcement every Mardi Gras. 
A stalwart figure in Louisiana’s volunteer cir-
cles, Irene was awarded the Heroism of the 
Year award by the Louisiana Association of 
Nonprofit Organizations and was one of the 
first five inductees into the Algiers Wall of 
Fame for her community service to Algiers 
and New Orleans. 
Irene’s service to causes and organizations 
is unmatched. She is a member of the Algiers 
Police Advisory Group, the Welcome Neigh-
bors Organization, the Morning Kiwanis Club, 
the Algiers Economic Development Founda-
tion, the Tall Timbers Garden Club, the Algiers 
Development District, the Algiers Charter 
School Association for Fundraising, the Mili-
tary Wives Organization, the Old Aurora 
Neighborhood Association, the Historic French 
Quarter Easter Parade, the Algiers Republican 
Women, the Louisiana Republican Women, 
and the Algiers Courthouse Board of Direc-
tors. 
Throughout her life, Irene has been ‘‘Shero’’ 
to the countless families she has helped along 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:32 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A01AP8.008
E01APPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 54-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E342 
April 1, 2022 
the way. She has showered blessings upon 
everyone she has loved so deeply, and we 
are eternally grateful. I wish her the happiest 
of birthdays surrounded by family and friends 
and pray we celebrate many more years to 
come. 
f 
SABRINA GONZALEZ 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, April 1, 2022 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Sabrina Gon-
zalez for receiving the Adams County Mayors 
and Commissioners Youth Award. 
Sabrina Gonzalez is a 11th grader at Van-
tage Point High School and received this 
award because their determination and hard 
work have allowed them to overcome adversi-
ties. 
The dedication demonstrated by Sabrina 
Gonzalez is exemplary of the type of achieve-
ment that can be attained with hard work and 
perseverance. It is essential students at all 
levels strive to make the most of their edu-
cation and develop a work ethic which will 
guide them for the rest of their lives. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to 
Sabrina Gonzalez for winning the Adams 
County Mayors and Commissioners Youth 
Award. I have no doubt they will exhibit the 
same dedication and character in all of their 
future accomplishments. 
f 
HONORING WILLIAM FRANK 
CHAPMAN, JR. 
HON. H. MORGAN GRIFFITH 
OF VIRGINIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, April 1, 2022 
Mr. GRIFFITH. Madam Speaker, I rise in 
honor of William Frank Chapman, Jr. of 
Salem, Virginia, who passed away on March 
20, 2022, at the age of 88. Frank served in 
the Armed Forces and was a businessman 
and active community leader. 
Frank was born on January 25, 1934. He 
graduated from Andrew Lewis High School. 
He then attended Fork Union Military Acad-
emy and was recruited by North Carolina 
State University on scholarship to play foot-
ball, which he did for two years before trans-
ferring to the University of Virginia to finish his 
education. 
He served in the United States Navy before 
returning to Salem. Upon his homecoming, he 
founded and served as president of Chapman- 
Taney-Painter-Logan 
Insurance, 
Inc. 
and 
Bonding for many years. He later worked at 
Sherwood Memorial Park in operations. After 
his retirement, Frank dedicated much of his 
life to service to his community. 
He and his friend, Burks Logan, worked as 
co-chairmen of a capital campaign for the 
Salem Museum and were honored as ‘‘Home-
town Heroes’’ in 2012 by the Roanoker Maga-
zine. He was a life member of the Salem Mu-
seum and Historical Society and served as 
president of the board for five years. 
I had the pleasure of knowing Frank person-
ally. He was a friend and fellow Republican. I 
recall when I ran for the Virginia House of Del-
egates for the first time, he vowed to support 
me. But one of his close friends, with whom 
he had endured many hard times, decided to 
run against me. Frank approached me, hat in 
hand, to apologetically ask that I release him 
from his commitment. I respected his candor 
and loyalty. He was a true southern gen-
tleman. 
He faithfully served his community and 
party. He was a Trustee of the Virginia Agents 
Political Committee, a lifetime member of the 
Salem Rescue Squad, former state director of 
Salem Junior Chamber of Commerce, and 
former president of the Salem-Roanoke Coun-
ty Chamber of Commerce. Frank also served 
on many committees at the First United Meth-
odist Church in Salem, where he was a life-
long and third-generation member. 
Frank was also an avid outdoorsman. In 
1981, then-Governor John Dalton appointed 
him to the Virginia Department of Game and 
Inland Fisheries Commission to represent the 
sixth district. He served as vice-chairman from 
1984 to 85. Frank also served as vice-chair-
man of the Catawba District of Boy Scouts of 
America. He was a member of the Salem Ro-
tary Club and was recognized as a Paul Harris 
Rotary Fellow in 2005. Throughout his life, he 
held many esteemed titles and leadership 
roles—all to serve, lead, and better his com-
munity. 
Frank was predeceased in death by two 
wives, Billie Lee Bates Chapman and Page 
Clark Chapman; his parents, William Frank 
Chapman, Sr. and Wilma Cross Chapman; 
and a sister, Lula Cross Harris Russell. 
He is survived by his wife, Julie Stagg 
Chapman; three children, Lee Ann Chapman 
Critz and her husband, Blake, Frank Bates 
Chapman, and Catherine Chapman Mosley; 
four 
grandchildren, 
Sara 
Catherine 
Critz 
Kronstain and husband, John, Benjamin Lee 
Critz and wife, Anna, Luke Bates Mosley, and 
Addison Grace Chapman; and five great- 
grandchildren, 
Emma, 
Thomas, 
Matthew, 
Mason and Olivia. He also leaves behind his 
beloved stepchildren and grandchildren. I 
would like to offer my condolences to the fam-
ily on the loss of this great man, friend, and 
community leader. 
f 
VATSANNA BRINES 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, April 1, 2022 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Vatsanna 
Brines for receiving the Adams County Mayors 
and Commissioners Youth Award. 
Vatsanna Brines is an 11th grader at Van-
tage Point High School and received this 
award because their determination and hard 
work have allowed them to overcome adversi-
ties. 
The dedication demonstrated by Vatsanna 
Brines is exemplary of the type of achieve-
ment that can be attained with hard work and 
perseverance. It is essential students at all 
levels strive to make the most of their edu-
cation and develop a work ethic which will 
guide them for the rest of their lives. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to 
Vatsanna Brines for winning the Adams Coun-
ty Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. I 
have no doubt they will exhibit the same dedi-
cation and character in all of their future ac-
complishments. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE UNIVERSITY OF 
GUAM ON ITS 70TH ANNIVER-
SARY 
AND 
CELEBRATING 
THE 
54TH ANNUAL GUAM CHARTER 
DAY 
HON. MICHAEL F.Q. SAN NICOLAS 
OF GUAM 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, April 1, 2022 
Mr. SAN NICOLAS. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the University of Guam 
(UOG) and join the People of Guam in cele-
brating both its 70th Anniversary and 54th 
Charter Day. I extend my sincere congratula-
tions for their decades of achievements and 
commend them for their countless contribu-
tions as a leader in the continued trans-
formation of our local and global communities. 
UOG Charter Day is an annual celebration 
that marks the 1952 founding of the institution 
and 1968 signing of the charter that renamed 
the Territorial College of Guam as today’s Uni-
versity of Guam. In the years since then, the 
institution has remained an unwavering force 
in building strong educational foundations, fos-
tering a breadth of opportunities for personal 
and professional growth, and creating new 
spaces for our people to rise as leaders in 
every level of society. From healthcare and 
education to business and public administra-
tion, every aspect of life on Guam has been 
deeply impacted by the very students, alumni, 
faculty, staff, and administration of UOG. Hav-
ing earned an unprecedented 16 years of con-
tinuous accreditation, maintained an out-
standing reputation as the only four-year U.S. 
accredited land-grant institution in the Western 
Pacific, and conferred over 19,914 degrees to 
its students, the University of Guam is an in-
strument of positive change that will continue 
to shape our island, region, nation, and world 
in the future ahead. 
This year’s Charter Day theme, ‘‘Charting a 
Course for New Horizons,’’ and platinum anni-
versary theme, ‘‘70 Years of Transforming 
lives and Advancing Communities,’’ further 
speak volumes about the ways in which UOG 
uniquely embodies its mission to enlighten, 
discover, and serve. Consistently taking its 
commitment far beyond the confines of aca-
demics and research, the institution has navi-
gated a critical role in supporting the evolving 
needs of our community. Most recently, this 
has materialized in the provision of a central 
island vaccination clinic, personnel support for 
widespread community testing, online COVID– 
Ready Caregiver courses, tele-health coun-
seling services, COVID–19 tele-education, a 
health 
clinic 
and 
outreach 
events, 
and 
COVID–19 awareness presentations in part-
nership with numerous community-based or-
ganizations, the Guam Army National Guard, 
and Guam Department of Public Health and 
Social Services over the course of the 
COVID–19 pandemic. 
Madam Speaker, the University of Guam is 
a pillar of excellence and beacon of promise 
for generations past and generations more to 
come. Once again, I would like to congratulate 
the University of Guam for seventy years of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:32 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00004
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A01AP8.011
E01APPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 55-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E343 
April 1, 2022 
service, and I look forward to witnessing the 
continued progress this fundamental institution 
will realize for the People of Guam and our re-
gion. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE 
OF HENRY GARNETT PLASTER 
HON. JACK BERGMAN 
OF MICHIGAN 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, April 1, 2022 
Mr. BERGMAN. Madam Speaker, it is my 
honor to recognize the life of Henry Garnett 
Plaster, who passed away recently after a life-
time of service. Through his extreme dedica-
tion to the public good, Henry became an es-
sential part of Loudoun County, the State of 
Virginia, and the United States of America. 
Henry was born July 26, 1928, to Henry 
Garnett Plaster, Sr. and Jerusha Lohman 
Plaster in Washington, D.C. After graduating 
from St. Albans School in 1946, he went on to 
receive a B.S. in Physics at Duke University in 
1950, and was part of the NROTC program. 
He received a master’s degree in Engineering 
Administration from The George Washington 
University in 1961. Following his graduation 
from college, he began active duty in the 
United States Navy. He served in the Korean 
War and received a battle star in 1953. Henry 
resigned his commission in June 1953 and 
subsequently retired as a Lieutenant, USNR. 
Henry was hired by the Central Intelligence 
Agency in 1954 and while his work at the 
agency was classified, he played a major role 
in a variety of CIA efforts including the CO-
RONA and HEXAGON satellite programs. 
After serving his country for more than 43 
years at the CIA, he retired in 1993 as the 
Cold War ended. He was awarded the Intel-
ligence Medal of Merit in 1971 and the CIA 
Career Intelligence Medal. After his retirement, 
he left Bethesda, Maryland and moved to his 
family farm Glenmeade in Bluemont, Virginia. 
Henry and his wife Anne became very in-
volved in their local community. He was the 
longtime Chairman of the Snickersville Turn-
pike Association, a very active member of the 
Bluemont Citizens Association, and was heav-
ily involved in preserving local Civil War his-
tory. 
Henry passed away peacefully on March 21, 
2022. His steadfast care and friendly nature 
toward all members of his community will 
surely leave a lasting mark on those who had 
the opportunity to know him. He is missed 
dearly by his family and friends, and his leg-
acy will undoubtedly live on for generations to 
come. Henry’s tireless dedication to public 
service touched the lives of countless Ameri-
cans, and the impact of his work cannot be 
overstated. 
Madam Speaker, I ask you to join me in 
honoring the life of Henry Garnett Plaster. His 
legacy will forever live on in his family and in 
the many lives he bettered through his serv-
ice. 
DOMINICK ARELLANO 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, April 1, 2022 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Dominick 
Arellano for receiving the Adams County May-
ors and Commissioners Youth Award. 
Dominick Arellano is a 12th grader at Van-
tage Point High School and received this 
award because their determination and hard 
work have allowed them to overcome adversi-
ties. 
The dedication demonstrated by Dominick 
Arellano is exemplary of the type of achieve-
ment that can be attained with hard work and 
perseverance. It is essential students at all 
levels strive to make the most of their edu-
cation and develop a work ethic which will 
guide them for the rest of their lives. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to 
Dominick Arellano for winning the Adams 
County Mayors and Commissioners Youth 
Award. I have no doubt they will exhibit the 
same dedication and character in all of their 
future accomplishments. 
f 
CONGRATULATING ELIZABETH M. 
HEWLETT ON HER RETIREMENT 
FROM 
THE 
PRINCE 
GEORGE’S 
COUNTY PLANNING BOARD 
HON. STENY H. HOYER 
OF MARYLAND 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, April 1, 2022 
Mr. HOYER. Madam Speaker, I rise today 
to ask the House to join me in recognizing 
Elizabeth ‘‘Betty’’ M. Hewlett for her more- 
than-two decades of service on the Prince 
George’s County Planning Board of the Mary-
land-National Capital Park and Planning Com-
mission. Betty has done a tremendous job 
managing land-use issues and questions relat-
ing to the development of land for the benefit 
of residents of Prince George’s County and 
the Fifth District. She has been a good friend, 
and I’ve been proud to work with her through-
out the years to make a positive and lasting 
impact on our community. 
Since she began her distinguished career 
with the Planning Board, Betty has been a tre-
mendous public servant. As Chairwoman, she 
oversaw the provision of community planning 
services, the regulation of real-estate develop-
ment, and the parks and recreation programs 
for the residents of Prince George’s County. 
Betty was also a trailblazer: she was the first 
woman and first African-American to serve as 
the Chairwoman of the Planning Board. She 
mentored many Black women who became 
elected officials and now lead their commu-
nities with purpose and vision. Her champion-
ship of diversity in Prince George’s County 
government and public services has helped 
create new opportunities for residents to real-
ize their full potential and become forces for 
change in their own communities. 
Betty has served Prince George’s County in 
many ways beyond her outstanding work on 
the Planning Board. She has played a critical 
role in the organizing of my annual Black His-
tory Month Breakfast, which brings community 
members and leaders together to celebrate 
Black History Month and rededicate ourselves 
to the ongoing fight for justice and equality. 
Additionally, Betty has served on the Wash-
ington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority 
(WMATA) Board of Directors and the Metro-
politan Development Policy Committee of the 
Metropolitan Washington Council of Govern-
ments. Her devotion to improving the lives of 
Prince George’s County residents has been 
incomparable. 
Madam Speaker, I offer Betty my congratu-
lations on retiring from public service after a 
career of great contribution to Prince George’s 
County and to our State of Maryland. I hope 
all f my colleagues will join me in recognizing 
Elizabeth M. Hewlett as she celebrates this 
milestone and in wishing her all the best in the 
future. 
f 
SCOTT SAX 
HON. DAN NEWHOUSE 
OF WASHINGTON 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, April 1, 2022 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Scott Sax, who is retiring 
as the president and project manager of the 
Central Plateau Cleanup Company at Hanford. 
A leader in the nuclear cleanup industry, 
Scott has been a pioneer in paving the way 
for the future of the Hanford Site for the last 
20 years. I’ve had the chance to get to know 
Scott over the years, and let me tell you, his 
experience at Hanford has covered just about 
everything—from the tank farms to the Pluto-
nium Finishing Plant and K Basins, to the 
Hanford vitrification plant. 
Under Scott’s leadership, Washington Clo-
sure Hanford achieved critically important 
milestones for the cleanup mission along the 
Columbia River. His passion for serving the 
people of Central Washington is admirable 
and I congratulate him on his many achieve-
ments during his career. 
I thank Scott for his many contributions to 
the State of Washington and the nuclear in-
dustry and I wish him, his wife Lauri, and his 
family the very best in his well-earned retire-
ment. 
f 
CANDELARIA ARCE 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, April 1, 2022 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Candelaria 
Arce for receiving the Adams County Mayors 
and Commissioners Youth Award. 
Candelaria Arce is a 12th grader at Prairie 
View High School and received this award be-
cause their determination and hard work have 
allowed them to overcome adversities. 
The dedication demonstrated by Candelaria 
Arce is exemplary of the type of achievement 
that can be attained with hard work and perse-
verance. It is essential students at all levels 
strive to make the most of their education and 
develop a work ethic which will guide them for 
the rest of their lives. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to 
Candelaria Arce for winning the Adams Coun-
ty Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:32 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00005
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A01AP8.015
E01APPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 56-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E344 
April 1, 2022 
have no doubt they will exhibit the same dedi-
cation and character in all of their future ac-
complishments. 
f 
TV 
ANCHOR 
DOUG 
WEATHERS 
SHOWED 
US 
WHAT 
QUALITY 
JOURNALISM LOOKS LIKE 
HON. EARL L. ‘‘BUDDY’’ CARTER 
OF GEORGIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, April 1, 2022 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Madam Speaker, 
retired Savannah TV anchorman Doug Weath-
ers remains one of the most recognizable peo-
ple in the community. He’s still remembered 
and beloved. I believe he could step into a 
studio tomorrow to do the local news and 
again dominate the ratings. Walking into a 
room with Weathers, who still looks fit, has 
great hair and bursts with high energy at age 
91, is like walking down a street in Memphis 
with Elvis. People shower him with shouts of 
‘Hey Doug,’ and they want to bend his ear 
about something. And Doug, being Doug, will 
stop and listen, no matter whether it’s to hear 
a story about a lost dog, a widow’s prize fruit-
cake recipe, someone who’s down on his or 
her luck or a gardener’s giant zucchini. Weath-
ers was very much the king of local TV news 
and he had the competition all shook up dur-
ing his 41 years on the air here. The Georgia 
Association of Broadcasters recently honored 
the grand man of the local airways by naming 
him to its hall of fame. No on-air broadcaster 
in the state was more deserving of this honor, 
as Weathers was the face and the voice of 
two TV stations here during his tenure— 
WTOC (twice) and WJCL. Former WTOC gen-
eral manager Bill Cathcart tells a story about 
how he once hired a consultant to rank every 
anchor in Savannah and list them according to 
their popularity. The consultant handed him a 
list with a folded piece of paper attached to 
the top. When he started reading the report, 
he didn’t see Weathers’ name. The consultant 
told him to unfold the paper. Doug was so far 
ahead of his competition that he earned his 
own page. 
Among the many reasons that people in 
Southeast Georgia loved Doug was that he re-
flected them and their values. He didn’t 
preach, because most of his audience got 
their fill of that on Sundays. He delivered the 
news straight and unfiltered. He was humble. 
He never failed to remember that he and his 
news staff were invited guests into people’s 
homes. Too few people in the news business 
know that lesson today. Doug was a showman 
who liked ‘hokey’ and refused to take himself 
too seriously. He was fond of calling those 
news programs that featured grim-faced pon-
tificating prattlers ‘tube-coolers’, in reference to 
scores of viewers at home hitting their off but-
tons to turn their attention to something else. 
Weathers was not too big to do any parade or 
make any appearance. One of his favorites 
was speaking at career days in local schools 
where he told star-struck kids that he got his 
start at WTOC doing drudge work like splicing 
film and sweeping up the studio for 90 cents 
an hour. He was big on getting a college edu-
cation, even though he himself wasn’t a stellar 
student. ‘‘I didn’t graduate ‘cum laude.’ I grad-
uated ‘thank the Lordy’ ’’ was a favorite punch-
line. 
Weathers also burned his own shoe leather 
hitting the streets to report the latest crime 
story, hospital hijinks or political scandal, most 
often scooping his rivals. No story was be-
neath him. He respected his viewers. Perhaps 
his greatest strength was his ability to attract, 
mentor and keep talent, pros like weatherman 
Pat Prokop, sports anchor Rick Snow, co-an-
chor Angela Gale and a bevy of fine reporters 
like Mike Manhatton, Jim Carswell, Janice 
McDonald, Jim Hildebrandt, George Murphy, 
Avis Blackmon, Jody Chapin, Dawn Baker, 
Ron Wallace and Johnny ‘Get hooked on fish-
ing, not drugs’ Cole. Of course, these are also 
among the many reasons why this newest 
Georgia broadcasting hall-of-famer probably 
couldn’t find a seat anchoring one of today’s 
network snooze slots. He wasn’t elitist. He 
kept his opinions to himself. He didn’t make 
stuff up. He didn’t make his viewers wretch or 
want to cough up a lung after one of his news-
casts. He didn’t hurl insults or twist the news 
to support a personal agenda. If more of the 
talking heads on the national news programs 
were more like Savannah’s own Doug Weath-
ers, they would gain more trust and viewers 
and look less like people who were talking out 
of a different part of their anatomies. 
f 
RAYVON MONTOYA 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, April 1, 2022 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Rayvon Mon-
toya for receiving the Adams County Mayors 
and Commissioners Youth Award. 
Rayvon Montoya is a 7th grader at Pinnacle 
Middle School and received this award be-
cause their determination and hard work have 
allowed them to overcome adversities. 
The dedication demonstrated by Rayvon 
Montoya is exemplary of the type of achieve-
ment that can be attained with hard work and 
perseverance. It is essential students at all 
levels strive to make the most of their edu-
cation and develop a work ethic which will 
guide them for the rest of their lives. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to 
Rayvon Montoya for winning the Adams Coun-
ty Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. I 
have no doubt they will exhibit the same dedi-
cation and character in all of their future ac-
complishments. 
SPECIAL RECOGNITION OF HUN-
TER LONG FOR WINNING THE DI-
VISION 
III 
WRESTLING 
STATE 
CHAMPIONSHIP 
HON. ROBERT E. LATTA 
OF OHIO 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, April 1, 2022 
Mr. LATTA. Madam Speaker, it is with a 
great deal of pride that I rise to pay a very 
special tribute to an outstanding high school 
wrestler in Ohio’s Fifth Congressional District. 
Hunter Long of Wayne Trace High School has 
represented his school ably on his way to 
achieving the Division III State Wrestling Title. 
Hunter overcame the challenges posed by in-
tense competition in his effort to win the Divi-
sion III State Wrestling Championship. 
In pursuing the State Championship, Hunter 
Long defeated his opponent in the finals of the 
132-pound classification. His hard work and 
dedication, both on and off the mat, in achiev-
ing this accomplishment is truly outstanding. 
He achieved an impressive season record 
bringing pride to his school and community. 
Madam Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join 
me in paying special tribute to Hunter Long of 
Wayne Trace High School. On behalf of the 
people of the Fifth District of Ohio, I am proud 
to recognize this great achievement. 
f 
DAEVION TURNER 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, April 1, 2022 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Daevion Tur-
ner for receiving the Adams County Mayors 
and Commissioners Youth Award. 
Daevion Turner is an 11th grader at Van-
tage Point High School and received this 
award because their determination and hard 
work have allowed them to overcome adversi-
ties. 
The dedication demonstrated by Daevion 
Turner is exemplary of the type of achieve-
ment that can be attained with hard work and 
perseverance. It is essential students at all 
levels strive to make the most of their edu-
cation and develop a work ethic which will 
guide them for the rest of their lives. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to 
Daevion Turner for winning the Adams County 
Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. I 
have no doubt they will exhibit the same dedi-
cation and character in all of their future ac-
complishments. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:32 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00006
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A01AP8.020
E01APPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 57-
D348 
Friday, April 1, 2022 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate was not in session and stands in recess 
until 3 p.m., on Monday, April 4, 2022. 
Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 20 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 7354–7373; and 3 resolutions, H. 
Res. 1020–1022, were introduced.           Pages H4126–27 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H4127–28 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein she 
appointed Representative Perlmutter to act as Speak-
er pro tempore for today.                                       Page H4077 
Whole Number of the House: The Chair an-
nounced to the House that, in light of the resigna-
tions of the gentleman from Nebraska, Mr. Forten-
berry, and the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Vela, the 
whole number of the House is 430.                 Page H4077 
Marijuana 
Opportunity 
Reinvestment 
and 
Expungement Act: The House passed H.R. 3617, 
to decriminalize and deschedule cannabis, to provide 
for reinvestment in certain persons adversely im-
pacted by the War on Drugs, to provide for 
expungement of certain cannabis offenses, by a yea- 
and-nay vote of 220 yeas to 204 nays, Roll No. 107. 
                                                                                Pages H4078–4116 
Rejected the Latta motion to recommit the bill to 
the Committee on the Judiciary by a yea-and-nay 
vote of 202 yeas to 220 nays, Roll No. 106. 
                                                                                    Pages H4112–15 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules 
Committee Print 117–37, modified by the amend-
ment printed in part A of H. Rept. 117–285, shall 
be considered as adopted, in lieu of the amendment 
in the nature of a substitute recommended by the 
Committee on the Judiciary now printed in the bill. 
                                                                                    Pages H4078–87 
Agreed to: 
Gottheimer amendment (No. 1 printed in part B 
of H. Rept. 117–285) that authorizes $10M for the 
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration to 
conduct a study on technologies and methods that 
law enforcement may use to determine whether a 
driver is impaired by marijuana (by a yea-and-nay 
vote of 233 yeas to 172 nays, Roll No. 103); and 
                                                                      Pages H4106–07, H4110 
Lamb amendment (No. 2 printed in part B of H. 
Rept. 117–285) that directs the National Institute 
for Occupational Safety and Health (NIOSH) to con-
duct a study on the impact of legalization to the 
workplace, using states that have legalized rec-
reational use of cannabis as a guide, and requires 
NIOSH to develop best practices for employers as 
companies transition their policies related to can-
nabis, prioritizing employers engaged in federal in-
frastructure projects, transportation, public safety, 
and national security (by a yea-and-nay vote of 234 
yeas to 189 nays, Roll No. 104). 
                                                                      Pages H4107–08, H4111 
Rejected: 
Raskin amendment (No. 3 printed in part B of H. 
Rept. 117–285) that sought to state that cannabis 
use shall not be the reason for denying or rescinding 
a security clearance (by a yea-and-nay vote of 202 
yeas to 214 nays, Roll No. 105). 
                                                                Pages H4108–10, H4111–12 
H. Res. 1017, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 3617) and (H.R. 6883) was agreed 
to yesterday, March 31st. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:25 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D01AP2.REC
D01APPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 58-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
D349 
April 1, 2022 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Five yea-and-nay votes de-
veloped during the proceedings of today and appear 
on pages H4110, H4111, H4111–12, H4114–15, 
and H4115. 
Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-
journed at 2:26 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
FY23 HEARING TO REVIEW DEPARTMENT 
OF DEFENSE STRATEGY, POLICY, AND 
PROGRAMS FOR COUNTERING WEAPONS 
OF MASS DESTRUCTION 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Intel-
ligence and Special Operations held a hearing enti-
tled ‘‘FY23 Hearing to Review Department of De-
fense Strategy, Policy, and Programs for Countering 
Weapons of Mass Destruction’’. Testimony was heard 
from the following Department of Defense officials: 
John Plumb, Assistant Secretary of Defense for Space 
Policy; Deborah G. Rosenblum, Assistant Secretary 
of Defense for Nuclear, Chemical, and Biological De-
fense Programs; Vice Admiral Collin Patrick Green, 
Deputy Commander, U.S. Special Operations Com-
mand; and Rhys M. Williams, Acting Director, De-
fense Threat Reduction Agency, Under Secretary of 
Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment. 
AMERICA’S NATURAL SOLUTIONS: THE 
CLIMATE BENEFITS OF INVESTING IN 
HEALTHY ECOSYSTEMS 
Select Committee on the Climate Crisis: Full Committee 
held a hearing entitled ‘‘America’s Natural Solutions: 
The Climate Benefits of Investing in Healthy Eco-
systems’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-
nesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, 
APRIL 4, 2022 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on the Judiciary: business meeting to consider 
the nominations of Ketanji Brown Jackson, of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to be an Associate Justice of the Su-
preme Court of the United States, Stephanie Dawkins 
Davis, of Michigan, to be United States Circuit Judge for 
the Sixth Circuit, Arianna J. Freeman, of Pennsylvania, to 
be United States Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit, 
Robert Steven Huie, to be United States District Judge 
for the Southern District of California, Evelyn Padin, to 
be United States District Judge for the District of New 
Jersey, Jennifer H. Rearden, to be United States District 
Judge for the Southern District of New York, and 
Vanessa Roberts Avery, of Connecticut, to be United 
States Attorney for the District of Connecticut, Depart-
ment of Justice, 10 a.m., SH–216. 
House 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on a Reso-
lution Recommending that the House Of Representatives 
Find Peter K. Navarro and Daniel Scavino, Jr., In Con-
tempt Of Congress For Refusal To Comply With Sub-
poenas Duly Issued By The Select Committee To Inves-
tigate The January 6th Attack On The United States 
Capitol, 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:25 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D01AP2.REC
D01APPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 59-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional Record
The Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each House
of Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, United
States Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶ Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶ To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO
63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶ Following
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶ With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record.
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.
U
N
U
M
E
P
LU
RI
B
U
S
D350 
April 1, 2022 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
3 p.m., Monday, April 4 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate may consider any cleared 
legislative and executive business. 
Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
12 noon, Monday, April 4 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Bergman, Jack, Mich., E339, E343 
Brady, Kevin, Tex., E339 
Carter, Earl L. ‘‘Buddy’’, Ga., E344 
Carter, Troy A., La., E341 
Clyburn, James E., S.C., E341 
Griffith, H. Morgan, Va., E342 
Hoyer, Steny H., Md., E343 
Latta, Robert E., Ohio, E344 
Lee, Barbara, Calif., E340 
McCaul, Michael T., Tex., E340 
Newhouse, Dan, Wash., E343 
Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E339, E339, E340, E341, E342, 
E342, E343, E343, E344, E344 
San Nicolas, Michael F.Q., Guam , E339, E342 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:25 Apr 02, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 0664
Sfmt 0664
E:\CR\FM\D01AP2.REC
D01APPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 60-
