Congressional Record
U
N
U
M
E
P
LU
RI
B
U
S
United States
of America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 117th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
b This symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b 1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.
H541 
Vol. 167 
WASHINGTON, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 2021 
No. 33 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 11:30 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Reverend Margaret 
Grun Kibben, offered the following 
prayer: 
In honor of the birthday of our first 
President, George Washington, I offer 
his own words as our prayer: 
Almighty God, we make our earnest 
prayer that Thou wilt keep the United 
States in Thy holy protection; that 
Thou wilt incline the hearts of the citi-
zens to cultivate a spirit of subordina-
tion and obedience to government; and 
entertain a brotherly affection and 
love for one another and for their fel-
low citizens of the United States at 
large. 
And finally, that Thou wilt most gra-
ciously be pleased to dispose us all to 
do justice, to love mercy, and to de-
mean ourselves with that charity, hu-
mility, and pacific temper of mind 
which were the characteristics of the 
Divine Author of our blessed religion, 
and without a humble imitation of 
whose example in these things we can 
never hope to be a happy Nation. 
Grant our supplication, we beseech 
Thee. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. Pursuant to section 
5(a)(1)(A) of House Resolution 8, the 
Journal of the last day’s proceedings is 
approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will lead 
the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
The SPEAKER led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-
lic for which it stands, one nation under God, 
indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBERS TO 
SELECT 
COMMITTEE 
ON 
THE 
CLIMATE CRISIS 
The SPEAKER. The Chair announces 
her appointment, pursuant to section 
4(d) of House Resolution 8, 117th Con-
gress, and the order of the House of 
January 4, 2021, of the following Mem-
bers to the Select Committee on the 
Climate Crisis: 
Ms. CASTOR, Florida, Chair 
Ms. BONAMICI, Oregon 
Ms. BROWNLEY, California 
Mr. HUFFMAN, California 
Mr. MCEACHIN, Virginia 
Mr. LEVIN, California 
Mr. CASTEN, Illinois 
Mr. NEGUSE, Colorado 
Ms. ESCOBAR, Texas 
Mr. GRAVES, Louisiana 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBERS TO 
SELECT 
COMMITTEE 
ON 
THE 
MODERNIZATION OF CONGRESS 
The SPEAKER. The Chair announces 
her appointment, pursuant to section 
4(e) of House Resolution 8, 117th Con-
gress, and the order of the House of 
January 4, 2021, of the following Mem-
bers to the Select Committee on the 
Modernization of Congress: 
Mr. KILMER, Washington, Chair 
Ms. LOFGREN, California 
Mr. CLEAVER, Missouri 
Mr. PERLMUTTER, Colorado 
Mr. PHILLIPS, Minnesota 
Ms. WILLIAMS, Georgia 
Mr. TIMMONS, South Carolina 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS, Illinois 
Mr. LATTA, Ohio 
Mr. RESCHENTHALER, Pennsylvania 
Ms. VAN DUYNE, Texas 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBERS TO 
SELECT SUBCOMMITTEE ON THE 
CORONAVIRUS CRISIS 
The SPEAKER. The Chair announces 
her appointment, pursuant to section 
4(f) of House Resolution 8, 117th Con-
gress, and the order of the House of 
January 4, 2021, of the following Mem-
bers to the Select Subcommittee on 
the Coronavirus Crisis: 
Mr. CLYBURN, South Carolina, Chair 
Ms. WATERS, California 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY, New York 
Ms. VELA´ ZQUEZ, New York 
Mr. FOSTER, Illinois 
Mr. RASKIN, Maryland 
Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI, Illinois 
Mr. SCALISE, Louisiana 
Mr. JORDAN, Ohio 
Mr. GREEN, Tennessee 
Ms. MALLIOTAKIS, New York 
f 
APPOINTMENT 
OF 
INDIVIDUALS 
TO GOVERNING BOARD OF OF-
FICE OF CONGRESSIONAL ETH-
ICS 
The SPEAKER. The Chair announces 
her appointment, pursuant to section 
4(c) of House Resolution 8, 117th Con-
gress, and the order of the House of 
January 4, 2021, of the following indi-
viduals to serve as the Governing 
Board of the Office of Congressional 
Ethics: 
Nominated by the Speaker after con-
sultation with the minority leader: 
Mr. David Skaggs, Colorado, Chair 
Brigadier General (retired) Belinda 
Pinckney, Virginia 
Ms. Karan English, Arizona 
Mr. Mike Barnes, Maryland, alter-
nate 
Nominated by the minority leader 
after consultation with the Speaker: 
Mr. Paul D. Vinovich, District of Co-
lumbia, Co-Chair 
Mr. Leon Acton Westmoreland, Geor-
gia 
Ms. Karen L. Haas, Maryland 
Mr. Robert Hurt, Virginia, alternate 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE IN REMEM-
BRANCE OF 500,000 AMERICANS 
LOST TO THE COVID–19 VIRUS 
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks all 
Members in the Chamber, as well as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:42 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 7634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22FE7.000
H22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 0-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H542 
February 22, 2021 
Members and staff throughout the Cap-
itol, to rise for a moment of silence in 
remembrance of more than 500,000 
Americans who passed away from the 
COVID–19 virus. 
f 
PUBLICATION OF COMMITTEE 
RULES 
RULES OF THE COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND 
COMMMERCE FOR THE 117TH CONGRESS 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE, 
Washington, DC, February 22, 2021. 
Hon. NANCY PELOSI, 
Speaker, House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR MADAM SPEAKER: Pursuant to Rule 
XI, Clause 2(a) of the Rules of the House of 
Representatives, I respectfully submit the 
rules of the 117th Congress for the Com-
mittee on Energy and Commerce for publica-
tion in the Congressional Record. The Com-
mittee adopted these rules by a voice vote, a 
quorum being present, at our organizational 
meeting on Thursday, January 28, 2021. 
Sincerely, 
FRANK PALLONE, JR., 
Chairman, 
Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
(Adopted January 28, 2021) 
RULE 1. GENERAL PROVISIONS 
(a) Rules of the Committee. The Rules of the 
House are the rules of the Committee on En-
ergy and Commerce (the ‘‘Committee’’) and 
its subcommittees so far as is applicable. 
(b) Rules of the Subcommittees. Each sub-
committee of the Committee is part of the 
Committee and is subject to the authority 
and direction of the Committee and to its 
rules so far as is applicable. Written rules 
adopted by the Committee, not inconsistent 
with the Rules of the House, shall be binding 
on each subcommittee of the Committee. 
RULE 2. BUSINESS MEETINGS/MARKUPS 
(a) Regular Meeting Days. The Committee 
shall meet on the fourth Tuesday of each 
month at 10 a.m., for the consideration of 
bills, resolutions, and other business, if the 
House is in session on that day. If the House 
is not in session on that day and the Com-
mittee has not met during such month, the 
Committee shall meet at the earliest prac-
ticable opportunity when the House is again 
in session. The chair of the Committee may, 
at his or her discretion, cancel, delay, or 
defer any meeting required under this sec-
tion, after consultation with the ranking mi-
nority member. 
(b) Additional Meetings. The chair may call 
and convene, as he or she considers nec-
essary, additional meetings of the Com-
mittee for the consideration of any bill or 
resolution pending before the Committee or 
for the conduct of other Committee business. 
The Committee shall meet for such purposes 
pursuant to that call of the chair. 
(c) Notice. The date, time, place, and sub-
ject matter of any meeting of the Committee 
(other than a hearing) shall be announced at 
least 36 hours (exclusive of Saturdays, Sun-
days, and legal holidays except when the 
House is in session on such days) in advance 
of the commencement of such meeting. In no 
event shall such meeting commence earlier 
than the third calendar day (excluding Sat-
urdays, Sundays, or legal holidays except 
when the House is in session on such a day) 
on which members have notice thereof. 
(d) Agenda. The agenda for each Committee 
meeting, setting out all items of business to 
be considered, shall be provided to each 
member of the Committee at least 36 hours 
in advance of such meeting. 
(e) Availability of Texts. No bill, rec-
ommendation, or other matter shall be con-
sidered by the Committee unless the text of 
the matter, together with an explanation, 
has been available to members of the Com-
mittee for three days (or 24 hours in the case 
of a substitute for introduced legislation). 
Such explanation shall include a summary of 
the major provisions of the legislation, an 
explanation of the relationship of the matter 
to present law, and a summary of the need 
for the legislation. 
(f) Waiver. The requirements of subsections 
(c), (d), and (e) may be waived by a majority 
of those present and voting (a majority being 
present) of the Committee or by the chair 
with the concurrence of the ranking mem-
ber, as the case may be. 
RULE 3. HEARINGS 
(a) Notice. The date, time, place, and sub-
ject matter of any hearing of the Committee 
shall be announced at least one week in ad-
vance of the commencement of such hearing, 
unless a determination is made in accord-
ance with clause 2(g)(3) of Rule XI of the 
Rules of the House that there is good cause 
to begin the hearing sooner. 
(b) Memorandum. Each member of the Com-
mittee shall be provided, except in the case 
of unusual circumstances, with a memo-
randum at least 48 hours before each hearing 
explaining (1) the purpose of the hearing and 
(2) the names of any witnesses. 
(c) Witnesses. (1) Each witness who is to ap-
pear before the Committee shall file with the 
clerk of the Committee, at least two working 
days in advance of his or her appearance, suf-
ficient copies, as determined by the chair of 
the Committee of a written statement of his 
or her proposed testimony to provide to 
members and staff of the Committee, the 
news media, and the general public. Each 
witness shall, to the greatest extent prac-
ticable, also provide a copy of such written 
testimony in an electronic format prescribed 
by the chair. Each witness shall limit his or 
her oral presentation to a brief summary of 
the argument. The chair of the Committee or 
the presiding member may waive the re-
quirements of this paragraph or any part 
thereof. 
(2) To the greatest extent practicable, the 
written testimony of each witness appearing 
in a nongovernmental capacity shall include 
a curriculum vitae and a disclosure of any 
Federal grants or contracts or foreign gov-
ernment contracts and payments related to 
the subject matter of the hearing received 
during the current calendar year or either of 
the two preceding calendar years by the wit-
ness or by an entity represented by the wit-
ness. The disclosure shall include (i) the 
amount and source of each Federal grant (or 
subgrant thereof) or contract (or subcontract 
thereof) related to the subject matter of the 
hearing; and (ii) the amount and country of 
origin of any payment or contract related to 
the subject matter of the hearing originating 
with a foreign government. 
(d) Questioning. (1) The right to question 
the witnesses before the Committee shall al-
ternate between majority and minority 
members. Each member shall be limited to 5 
minutes for the questioning of witnesses 
until such time as each member who so de-
sires has had an opportunity to question wit-
nesses. No member shall be recognized for a 
second period of 5 minutes to question a wit-
ness until each member of the Committee 
present has been recognized once for that 
purpose. The chair shall recognize in order of 
appearance members who were not present 
when the meeting was called to order after 
all members who were present when the 
meeting was called to order have been recog-
nized in the order of seniority on the Com-
mittee or relevant subcommittee, as the case 
may be. 
(2) The chair, with the concurrence of the 
ranking minority member, or the Committee 
by motion, may permit an equal number of 
majority and minority members to question 
a witness for a specified, total period that is 
equal for each side and not longer than 30 
minutes for each side. The chair, with the 
concurrence of the ranking minority mem-
ber, or the Committee by motion, may also 
permit committee staff of the majority and 
minority to question a witness for a speci-
fied, total period that is equal for each side 
and not longer than 30 minutes for each side. 
(3) Each member may submit to the chair 
of the Committee additional questions for 
the record, to be answered by the witnesses 
who have appeared. Each member shall pro-
vide a copy of the questions in an electronic 
format to the clerk of the Committee no 
later than 10 business days following a hear-
ing. The chair shall transmit all questions 
received from members of the Committee to 
the appropriate witnesses and include the 
transmittal letter and the responses from 
the witnesses in the hearing record. After 
consultation with the ranking minority 
member, the chair is authorized to close the 
hearing record no earlier than 120 days from 
the date the questions were transmitted to 
the appropriate witnesses. 
RULE 4. VICE CHAIR; PRESIDING MEMBER 
The chair shall designate a member of the 
majority party to serve as vice chair of the 
Committee, and shall designate a majority 
member of each subcommittee to serve as 
vice chair of each subcommittee. The vice 
chair of the Committee or subcommittee, as 
the case may be, shall preside at any meet-
ing or hearing during the temporary absence 
of the chair. If the chair and vice chair of the 
Committee or subcommittee are not present 
at any meeting or hearing, the most senior 
ranking member of the majority party who 
is present shall preside at the meeting or 
hearing. 
RULE 5. OPEN PROCEEDINGS 
Except as provided by the Rules of the 
House, each meeting and hearing of the Com-
mittee for the transaction of business, in-
cluding the markup of legislation, and each 
hearing, shall be open to the public, includ-
ing to radio, television, and still photog-
raphy coverage, consistent with the provi-
sions of Rule XI of the Rules of the House. 
RULE 6. QUORUM 
Testimony may be taken and evidence re-
ceived at any hearing at which there are 
present not fewer than two members of the 
Committee or subcommittee in question. A 
majority of the members of the Committee 
or subcommittee shall constitute a quorum 
for those actions for which the House Rules 
require a majority quorum. For the purposes 
of taking any other action, one-third of the 
members of the Committee shall constitute 
a quorum. 
RULE 7. OFFICIAL COMMITTEE RECORDS 
(a)(1) 
Documents 
reflecting 
the 
pro-
ceedings of the Committee shall be made 
publicly available in electronic form on the 
Committee’s website and in the Committee 
office for inspection by the public, as pro-
vided in Rule XI, clause 2(e) of the Rules of 
the House not more than 24 hours after each 
meeting has adjourned, including a record 
showing those present at each meeting; and 
a record of the vote on any question on 
which a record vote is demanded, including a 
description 
of 
the 
amendment, 
motion, 
order, or other proposition, the name of each 
member voting for and each member voting 
against such amendment, motion, order, or 
proposition, and the names of those members 
of the committee present but not voting. 
(2) Record Votes. A record vote may be de-
manded by one-fifth of the members present 
or, in the apparent absence of a quorum, by 
any one member. No demand for a record 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:42 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 7634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K22FE7.002
H22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 1-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H543 
February 22, 2021 
vote shall be made or obtained except for the 
purpose of procuring a record vote or in the 
apparent absence of a quorum. 
(b) Postponement of Votes. In accordance 
with clause 2(h)(4) of Rule XI of the Rules of 
the House, the chair of the Committee or a 
subcommittee, after consultation with the 
ranking minority member of the Committee 
or subcommittee, may (A) postpone further 
proceedings when a record vote is ordered on 
the question of approving a measure or mat-
ter or on adopting an amendment; and (B) re-
sume proceedings on a postponed question at 
any time after reasonable notice. When pro-
ceedings resume on a postponed question, 
notwithstanding any intervening order for 
the previous question, an underlying propo-
sition shall remain subject to further debate 
or amendment to the same extent as when 
the question was postponed. 
(c) Archived Records. The records of the 
Committee at the National Archives and 
Records Administration shall be made avail-
able for public use in accordance with Rule 
VII of the Rules of the House. The chair shall 
notify the ranking minority member of any 
decision, pursuant to clause 3(b)(3) or clause 
4 of the Rule, to withhold a record otherwise 
available, and the matter shall be presented 
to the Committee for a determination on the 
written request of any member of the Com-
mittee. The chair shall consult with the 
ranking minority member on any commu-
nication from the Archivist of the United 
States or the Clerk of the House concerning 
the disposition of noncurrent records pursu-
ant to clause 3(b) of the Rule. 
RULE 8. SUBCOMMITTEES 
(a) Establishment. There shall be such 
standing subcommittees with such jurisdic-
tion and size as determined by the majority 
party caucus of the Committee. The jurisdic-
tion, number, and size of the subcommittees 
shall be determined by the majority party 
caucus prior to the start of the process for 
establishing subcommittee chairs and as-
signments. 
(b)Powers and Duties. Each subcommittee is 
authorized to meet, hold hearings, receive 
testimony, mark up legislation, and report 
to the Committee on all matters referred to 
it. Subcommittee chairs shall set hearing 
and meeting dates only with the approval of 
the chair of the Committee with a view to-
ward assuring the availability of meeting 
rooms and avoiding simultaneous scheduling 
of Committee and subcommittee meetings or 
hearings whenever possible. 
(c) Ratio of Subcommittees. The majority 
caucus of the Committee shall determine an 
appropriate ratio of majority to minority 
party members for each subcommittee and 
the chair shall negotiate that ratio with the 
minority party, provided that the ratio of 
party members on each subcommittee shall 
be no less favorable to the majority than 
that of the full Committee, nor shall such 
ratio provide for a majority of less than two 
majority members. 
(d) Selection of Subcommittee Members. Prior 
to any organizational meeting held by the 
Committee, the majority and minority cau-
cuses shall select their respective members 
of the standing subcommittees. 
(e) Ex Officio Members. The chair and rank-
ing minority member of the Committee shall 
be ex officio members with voting privileges 
of each subcommittee of which they are not 
assigned as members and may be counted for 
purposes of establishing a quorum in such 
subcommittees. 
RULE 9. OPENING STATEMENTS 
(a) Written Statements. All written opening 
statements at hearings and business meet-
ings conducted by the Committee shall be 
made part of the permanent record. 
(b)Length. (1) At full committee hearings, 
the chair and ranking minority member 
shall be limited to 5 minutes each for an 
opening statement, and may designate an-
other member to give an opening statement 
of not more than 5 minutes. At sub-
committee hearings, the subcommittee chair 
and ranking minority member of the sub-
committee shall be limited to 5 minutes each 
for an opening statement. In addition, the 
full committee chair and ranking minority 
member shall each be allocated 5 minutes for 
an opening statement for themselves or their 
designees at subcommittee hearings. 
(2) At any business meeting of the Com-
mittee, statements shall be limited to 5 min-
utes each for the chair and ranking minority 
member (or their respective designee) of the 
Committee or subcommittee, as applicable, 
and 3 minutes each for all other members. 
The chair may further limit opening state-
ments for Members (including, at the discre-
tion of the chair, the chair and ranking mi-
nority member) to one minute. 
RULE 10. REFERENCE OF LEGISLATION AND 
OTHER MATTERS 
All legislation and other matters referred 
to the Committee shall be referred to the 
subcommittee of appropriate jurisdiction 
within two weeks of the date of receipt by 
the Committee unless: (1) action is taken by 
the full Committee within those two weeks, 
or (2) by majority vote of the members of the 
Committee, consideration is to be by the full 
Committee. In the case of legislation or 
other matters within the jurisdiction of 
more than one subcommittee, the chair of 
the Committee may, in his or her discretion, 
refer the matter simultaneously to two or 
more subcommittees for concurrent consid-
eration, or may designate a subcommittee of 
primary jurisdiction and also refer the mat-
ter to one or more additional subcommittees 
for consideration in sequence (subject to ap-
propriate time limitations), either on its ini-
tial referral or after the matter has been re-
ported by the subcommittee of primary ju-
risdiction. Such authority shall include the 
authority to refer such legislation or matter 
to an ad hoc subcommittee appointed by the 
chair, with the approval of the Committee, 
from the members of the subcommittees 
having legislative or oversight jurisdiction. 
RULE 11. MANAGING LEGISLATION ON THE HOUSE 
FLOOR 
The chair, in his or her discretion, shall 
designate which member shall manage legis-
lation reported by the Committee to the 
House. 
RULE 12. COMMITTEE PROFESSIONAL AND 
CLERICAL STAFF APPOINTMENTS 
(a) Delegation of Staff. Whenever the chair 
of the Committee determines that any pro-
fessional staff member appointed pursuant to 
the provisions of clause 9 of Rule X of the 
House of Representatives, who is assigned to 
such chair and not to the ranking minority 
member, by reason of such professional staff 
member’s expertise or qualifications will be 
of assistance to one or more subcommittees 
in carrying out their assigned responsibil-
ities, he or she may delegate such staff mem-
ber to such subcommittees for such purpose. 
A delegation of a member of the professional 
staff pursuant to this subsection shall be 
made after consultation with subcommittee 
chairs and with the approval of the sub-
committee chair or chairs involved. 
(b) Minority Professional Staff. Professional 
staff members appointed pursuant to clause 9 
of Rule X of the House of Representatives, 
who are assigned to the ranking minority 
member of the Committee and not to the 
chair of the Committee, shall be assigned to 
such Committee business as the minority 
party members of the Committee consider 
advisable. 
(c) Additional Staff Appointments. In addi-
tion to the professional staff appointed pur-
suant to clause 9 of Rule X of the House of 
Representatives, the chair of the Committee 
shall be entitled to make such appointments 
to the professional and clerical staff of the 
Committee as may be provided within the 
budget approved for such purposes by the 
Committee. Such appointee shall be assigned 
to such business of the full Committee as the 
chair of the Committee considers advisable. 
(d) Sufficient Staff. The chair shall ensure 
that sufficient staff is made available to 
each subcommittee to carry out its respon-
sibilities under the rules of the Committee. 
(e) Fair Treatment of Minority Members in 
Appointment of Committee Staff. The chair 
shall ensure that the minority members of 
the Committee are treated fairly in appoint-
ment of Committee staff. 
(f) Contracts for Temporary or Intermittent 
Services. Any contract for the temporary 
services or intermittent service of individual 
consultants or organizations to make studies 
or advise the Committee or its subcommit-
tees with respect to any matter within their 
jurisdiction shall be deemed to have been ap-
proved by a majority of the members of the 
Committee if approved by the chair and 
ranking minority member of the Committee. 
Such approval shall not be deemed to have 
been given if at least one-third of the mem-
bers of the Committee request in writing 
that the Committee formally act on such a 
contract, if the request is made within 10 
days after the latest date on which such 
chair or chairs, and such ranking minority 
member or members, approve such contract. 
RULE 13. SUPERVISION, DUTIES OF STAFF 
(a) Supervision of Majority Staff. The profes-
sional and clerical staff of the Committee 
not assigned to the minority shall be under 
the supervision and direction of the chair 
who, in consultation with the chairs of the 
subcommittees, shall establish and assign 
the duties and responsibilities of such staff 
members and delegate such authority as 
they determine is appropriate. 
(b) Supervision of Minority Staff. The profes-
sional and clerical staff assigned to the mi-
nority shall be under the supervision and di-
rection of the minority members of the Com-
mittee, who may delegate such authority as 
they determine appropriate. 
RULE 14. COMMITTEE BUDGET 
(a) Administration of Committee Budget. The 
chair of the Committee, in consultation with 
the ranking minority member, shall for the 
116th Congress attempt to ensure that the 
Committee receives necessary amounts for 
professional and clerical staff, travel, inves-
tigations, equipment, and miscellaneous ex-
penses of the Committee and the subcommit-
tees, which shall be adequate to fully dis-
charge the Committee’s responsibilities for 
legislation and oversight. 
(b) Monthly Expenditures Report. Committee 
members shall be furnished a copy of each 
monthly report, prepared by the chair for 
the Committee on House Administration, 
which shows expenditures made during the 
reporting period and cumulative for the year 
by the Committee and subcommittees, an-
ticipated expenditures for the projected 
Committee program, and detailed informa-
tion on travel. 
RULE 15. BROADCASTING OF COMMITTEE 
HEARINGS 
Any meeting or hearing that is open to the 
public may be covered in whole or in part by 
radio or television or still photography, sub-
ject to the requirements of clause 4 of Rule 
XI of the Rules of the House. The coverage of 
any hearing or other proceeding of the Com-
mittee or any subcommittee thereof by tele-
vision, radio, or still photography shall be 
under the direct supervision of the chair of 
the Committee, the subcommittee chair, or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:47 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 7634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22FE7.005
H22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 2-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H544 
February 22, 2021 
other member of the Committee presiding at 
such hearing or other proceeding and may be 
terminated by such member in accordance 
with the Rules of the House. 
RULE 16. SUBPOENA POWER 
The power to authorize and issue sub-
poenas is delegated to the chair of the full 
Committee, as provided for under clause 
2(m)(3)(A)(i) of Rule XI of the Rules of the 
House of Representatives. The chair shall no-
tify the ranking minority member prior to 
issuing any subpoena under such authority. 
To the extent practicable, the chair shall 
consult with the ranking minority member 
at least 72 hours in advance of a subpoena 
being issued under such authority. The chair 
shall report to the members of the Com-
mittee on the issuance of a subpoena as soon 
as practicable but in no event later than one 
week after issuance of such subpoena. 
RULE 17. TRAVEL OF MEMBERS AND STAFF 
(a) Approval of Travel. Consistent with the 
primary expense resolution and such addi-
tional expense resolutions as may have been 
approved, travel to be reimbursed from funds 
set aside for the Committee for any member 
or any staff member shall be paid only upon 
the prior authorization of the chair. Travel 
may be authorized by the chair for any mem-
ber and any staff member in connection with 
the attendance of hearings conducted by the 
Committee or any subcommittee thereof and 
meetings, conferences, and investigations 
that involve activities or subject matter 
under the general jurisdiction of the Com-
mittee. Before such authorization is given, 
there shall be submitted to the chair in writ-
ing the following: (1) the purpose of the trav-
el; (2) the dates during which the travel is to 
be made and the date or dates of the event 
for which the travel is being made; (3) the lo-
cation of the event for which the travel is to 
be made; and (4) the names of members and 
staff seeking authorization. 
(b) Approval of Travel by Minority Members 
and Staff. In the case of travel by minority 
party members and minority party staff 
members for the purpose set out in (a), the 
prior approval, not only of the chair but also 
of the ranking minority member, shall be re-
quired. Such prior authorization shall be 
given by the chair only upon the representa-
tion by the ranking minority member in 
writing setting forth those items enumer-
ated in (1), (2), (3), and (4) of paragraph (a). 
RULE 18. WEBSITE 
The chair shall maintain an official Com-
mittee website for the purposes of furthering 
the Committee’s legislative and oversight re-
sponsibilities, including communicating in-
formation about the Committee’s activities 
to Committee members and other members 
of the House. The ranking minority member 
may maintain an official website for the pur-
pose of carrying out official responsibilities, 
including communicating information about 
the activities of the minority members of 
the Committee to Committee members and 
other members of the House. 
RULE 19. CONFERENCES 
The chair of the Committee is directed to 
offer a motion under clause 1 of Rule XXII of 
the Rules of the House whenever the chair 
considers it appropriate. 
PUBLICATION OF COMMITTEE 
RULES 
RULES OF THE COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE, SPACE, 
AND TECHNOLOGY FOR THE 117TH CONGRESS 
HOUSE
OF REPRESENTATIVES, COM-
MITTEE
ON SCIENCE, SPACE, AND 
TECHNOLOGY, 
Washington, DC, February 22, 2021. 
Hon. NANCY PELOSI, 
Speaker of the House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR MADAM SPEAKER: Pursuant to clause 
(2)(a)(2) of House Rule XI, I hereby submit 
the Rules of the Committee on Science, 
Space, and Technology for the 117th Con-
gress for publication in the Congressional 
Record. These Committee Rules were adopt-
ed in an open meeting of the Committee on 
February 18, 2021, by voice vote. 
Thank you for your attention to this mat-
ter. 
Sincerely, 
EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON, 
Chairwoman, Committee on Science, 
Space, and Technology. 
RULE I. GENERAL 
(a) Application of Rules. 
(1) The Rules of the House of Representa-
tives (‘‘House Rules’’) are the rules of the 
Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-
nology and its Subcommittees with the spe-
cific additions thereto contained in these 
rules. 
(2) 
Except 
where 
the 
term 
‘‘Sub-
committee’’ is specifically referred to, the 
following rules shall apply to the Committee 
and its Subcommittees as well as to the re-
spective Chairs and Ranking Minority Mem-
bers. 
(b) Other Procedures. The Chair of the 
Committee, after consultation with the 
Ranking Minority Member of the Com-
mittee, may establish such other procedures 
and take such actions as may be necessary 
to carry out these rules or to facilitate the 
effective operation of the Committee. 
(c) Use of Hearing Rooms. In consultation 
with the Ranking Minority Member, the 
Chair of the Committee shall establish 
guidelines for the use of Committee hearing 
rooms. 
RULE II. REGULAR, ADDITIONAL, AND SPECIAL 
MEETINGS 
(a) Regular Meetings. The regular meeting 
day of the Committee for the conduct of its 
business shall be on the first Wednesday of 
each month, if the House is in session. If the 
House is not in session on that day, then the 
Committee shall meet on the next Wednes-
day of such month on which the House is in 
session, or at another practicable time as de-
termined by the Chair. 
(1) A regular meeting of the Committee 
may be dispensed with if, in the judgment of 
the Chair, there is no need for the meeting. 
(2) The Chair may call and convene, when 
the Chair considers it necessary and in ac-
cordance with the notice requirements con-
tained in these rules, additional meetings of 
the Committee for the consideration of any 
bill or resolution pending before the Com-
mittee or for the conduct of other Com-
mittee business. 
(b) Bills and Subjects to be Considered. 
(1) The Chair shall announce the date, 
place, and subject matter of any Committee 
meeting, which may not commence earlier 
than the third calendar day (excluding Sat-
urdays, Sundays, or legal holidays except 
when the House is in session on such a day) 
on which Members have notice thereof, un-
less the Chair, with the concurrence of the 
Ranking Minority Member, or the Com-
mittee by majority vote with a quorum 
present for the transaction of business, de-
termines there is good cause to begin the 
meeting sooner, in which case the Chair 
shall make the announcement at the earliest 
possible date. 
(2) At least 48 hours prior to the com-
mencement of a meeting for the markup of 
legislation (excluding Saturdays, Sundays, 
and legal holidays except when the House is 
in session on such a day), the Chair shall 
cause the text of such legislation to be made 
publicly available in electronic form. 
(3) To the maximum extent practicable, 
amendments to a measure or matter shall be 
submitted in writing or electronically to the 
designee of both the Chair and Ranking Mi-
nority Member at least 24 hours prior to the 
consideration of the measure or matter, and 
the Chair may oppose any amendment not so 
submitted. 
(c) Open Meetings. Meetings for the trans-
action of business and hearings of the Com-
mittee shall be open to the public or closed 
in accordance with the House Rules. 
(d) Quorums. A majority of the Committee 
shall form a quorum, except that two Mem-
bers shall constitute a quorum for taking 
testimony and receiving evidence, and one 
third of the Members shall form a quorum 
for taking any action other than for which 
the presence of a majority of the Committee 
is otherwise required. If the Chair is not 
present at any meeting of the Committee or 
Subcommittee, the Vice Chair on the Com-
mittee who is present shall preside at the 
meeting, unless another Member of the Com-
mittee is designated by the Chair. 
(e) Postponement of Proceedings. 
(1) Pursuant to clause 2(h)(4) of House Rule 
XI, the Chair may postpone further pro-
ceedings when a record vote is ordered on the 
question of approving a measure or matter 
or on adopting an amendment. The Chair 
may resume proceedings on a postponed vote 
at any time after reasonable notice. 
(2) When proceedings resume on a post-
poned question, notwithstanding any inter-
vening order for the previous question, an 
underlying proposition shall remain subject 
to further debate or amendment to the same 
extent as when the question was postponed. 
(f) Time for Statements and Debate. 
(1) Insofar as is practicable, the Chair, 
after consultation with the Ranking Minor-
ity Member, shall limit the total time of 
opening statements by Members at a Com-
mittee meeting to no more than ten min-
utes, the time to be divided equally between 
the Chair and Ranking Minority Member, ex-
cept in the case of joint Subcommittee hear-
ings, in which case the total time of opening 
statements by Members at such joint hear-
ing shall be no more than twenty minutes, 
the time to be divided equally between the 
Chairs and Ranking Minority Members. 
When requested, ex officio Members of any 
Subcommittee shall also be recognized at a 
Subcommittee hearing for five minutes each 
to present an opening statement. 
(2) The time any one Member may address 
the Committee on any bill, amendment, mo-
tion, or other matter under consideration by 
the Committee will be limited to five min-
utes, and then only when the Member has 
been recognized by the Chair. This time 
limit may be waived by the Chair pursuant 
to unanimous consent. 
(g) Requests for Recorded Vote. A record 
vote of the Committee shall be provided on 
any question before the Committee upon the 
request of three or more Members or, in the 
apparent absence of a quorum, by any one 
Member. 
(h) Transcripts. Transcripts of markups 
shall be recorded and may be published in 
the same manner as hearings before the 
Committee, and shall be included as part of 
the legislative report unless waived by the 
Chair of the Committee. 
(i) Motion to Go to Conference. Without 
further action of the Committee, the Chair is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:42 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00004
Fmt 7634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22FE7.006
H22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 3-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H545 
February 22, 2021 
authorized to offer a motion under clause 1 
of House Rule XXII whenever the Chair con-
siders it appropriate. 
RULE III. HEARINGS 
(a) Notice of Hearings. 
(1) The Chair shall publicly announce the 
date, place, and subject matter of any hear-
ing to be conducted by the Committee on 
any measure or matter at least one week be-
fore the commencement of that hearing. If 
the Chair, with the concurrence of the Rank-
ing Minority Member, determines there is 
good cause to begin the hearing sooner, or if 
the Committee so determines by majority 
vote, a quorum being present for the trans-
action of business, the Chair shall make the 
announcement at the earliest possible date. 
(2) The Chair shall publicly announce a list 
of witnesses to testify at a hearing as soon as 
a complete list of witnesses, including those 
to be called by the minority, is compiled. 
When practicable, the Chair and the Ranking 
Minority Member will seek to have a com-
plete list of witnesses compiled at, or as soon 
as practicable after, the time that the hear-
ing is publicly announced. 
(b) Witnesses. 
(1) Insofar as is practicable, no later than 
48 hours in advance of his or her appearance, 
each witness who is to appear before the 
Committee shall file, in printed copy and in 
electronic form, a written statement of his 
or her proposed testimony and a curriculum 
vitae. 
(2) Each witness shall limit his or her pres-
entation to a five minute summary, however 
additional time may be granted by the Chair 
when appropriate. 
(3) The Chair, or any Member of the Com-
mittee designated by the Chair, may admin-
ister oaths to witnesses before the Com-
mittee. 
(4) Whenever any hearing is conducted by 
the Committee on any measure or matter, 
the Minority Members of the Committee 
shall be entitled, upon request to the Chair 
by a majority of them before the completion 
of the hearing, to call witnesses selected by 
the Minority to testify with respect to the 
measure or matter during at least one day of 
hearing thereon. 
(5) In the case of a witness appearing in a 
nongovernmental capacity, a written state-
ment of proposed testimony shall include: 
a. A curriculum vitae; 
b. A disclosure of any Federal grants or 
contracts, or contracts, grants, or payments 
originating with a foreign government, re-
ceived during the past 36 months by the wit-
ness or by an entity represented by the wit-
ness and related to the subject matter of the 
hearing; and, 
c. A disclosure of whether the witness is a 
fiduciary (including, but not limited to, a di-
rector, officer, advisor, or resident agent) of 
any organization or entity that has an inter-
est in the subject matter of the hearing. 
Such 
statements, 
with 
appropriate 
redactions to protect the privacy or security 
of the witness, shall be made publicly avail-
able in electronic form 24 hours before the 
witness appears to the extent practicable, 
but not later than one day after the witness 
appears. 
(c) Questioning of Witnesses. 
(1) The right to interrogate a witness be-
fore the Committee shall alternate between 
Majority and Minority Members of the Com-
mittee. Each Member shall be limited to five 
minutes in the interrogation of witnesses. 
No Member may be recognized for a second 
period of interrogation until each Member 
present, who wishes to be recognized, has 
been recognized at least once. 
(2) Notwithstanding clause 1, upon a mo-
tion the Chair, in consultation with the 
Ranking Minority Member, may: 
a. Designate a specified number of Mem-
bers of the Committee from each party to 
question a witness for a period of time equal-
ly divided between the majority party and 
the minority party, not to exceed one hour 
in the aggregate; or 
b. Designate staff from each party to ques-
tion a witness for a period of time equally di-
vided between the majority party and the 
minority party, not to exceed one hour in 
the aggregate. 
(3) Members of the Committee have two 
weeks from the date of a hearing to submit 
additional questions in writing for the record 
to be answered by witnesses who have ap-
peared before the Committee. The letters of 
transmittal and any responses thereto shall 
be included in the hearing record. 
(d) Claims of Privilege. Claims of common- 
law privileges made by witnesses in hearings, 
or by interviewees or deponents in investiga-
tions or inquiries, are applicable only at the 
discretion of the Chair, subject to appeal to 
the Committee. 
(e) Publication of Transcripts. The tran-
scripts of those hearings conducted by the 
Committee, when it is decided they will be 
printed, shall be published in substantially 
verbatim form, with the material requested 
for the record inserted at that place re-
quested, or at the end of the record, as ap-
propriate. Individuals, including Members, 
whose comments are to be published as part 
of a Committee document shall be given the 
opportunity to verify the accuracy of the 
transcription in advance of publication. Any 
requests by those Members, staff, or wit-
nesses to correct any errors other than er-
rors in the transcript, or disputed errors in 
transcription, shall be appended to the 
record, and the appropriate place where the 
change is requested will be footnoted. Prior 
to approval by the Chair of hearings con-
ducted jointly with another Congressional 
Committee, 
a 
memorandum 
of 
under-
standing shall be prepared which incor-
porates an agreement for the publication of 
the transcript. 
(f) Pertinence of Testimony. At the discre-
tion of the Committee, brief and pertinent 
statements may be submitted in writing for 
inclusion in the record. The Committee is 
the sole judge of the pertinence of testimony 
and evidence adduced at its hearing. 
RULE IV. REPORTS 
(a) Bills and resolutions approved by the 
Committee shall be reported by the Chair 
pursuant to clauses 2–4 of House Rule XIII. 
(b) A proposed investigative or oversight 
report shall be considered as read if it has 
been available to the Members of the Com-
mittee for at least 24 hours (excluding Satur-
days, Sundays, or legal holidays except when 
the House is in session on such days). 
(c) Every investigative or oversight report 
shall be approved by a majority vote of the 
Committee at a meeting at which a quorum 
is present. If at the time of approval of such 
a report a Member of the Committee gives 
notice of intent to file supplemental, minor-
ity, additional, or dissenting views that 
Member shall be entitled to file such views. 
(d) Only those investigative or oversight 
reports approved by a majority vote of the 
Committee may be ordered printed, unless 
otherwise required by House Rules. 
RULE V. BROADCASTING 
(a) Whenever a meeting for the transaction 
of business, including the markup of legisla-
tion or a hearing is open to the public, that 
meeting or hearing shall be open to coverage 
by television, radio, and still photography in 
accordance with clause 4 of House Rule XI. 
(b) To the maximum extent practicable, 
the Committee shall provide audio and vis-
ual coverage of each hearing or meeting for 
the transaction of business in a manner that 
allows the public to easily listen to and view 
the proceedings, and maintain the recordings 
of such coverage in a manner that is easily 
accessible to the public. Operation and use of 
any Committee internet broadcast system 
shall be fair and nonpartisan, and in accord-
ance with clauses 4 (b) and (f) of House Rule 
XI and all other applicable rules of the Com-
mittee and the House. 
RULE VI. SUBCOMMITTEES 
(a) Committee Jurisdiction. The Com-
mittee shall have jurisdiction over such mat-
ters as determined by the Chair. 
(b) Subcommittees and Jurisdiction. There 
shall be five standing Subcommittees of the 
Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-
nology, with jurisdictions as follows: 
(1) Subcommittee on Energy. Shall have 
jurisdiction over the following subject mat-
ters: all matters relating to energy research, 
development, and demonstration projects 
therefor; commercial application of energy 
technology; Department of Energy research, 
development, and demonstration programs; 
Department of Energy laboratories; Depart-
ment of Energy science activities; Depart-
ment of Energy international research, de-
velopment, and demonstration projects; en-
ergy supply activities; nuclear, solar, and re-
newable energy, and other advanced energy 
technologies; uranium supply and enrich-
ment, and Department of Energy waste man-
agement; Department of Energy environ-
mental management research, development, 
and demonstration; fossil energy research 
and development; clean coal technology; en-
ergy conservation research and development, 
including building performance, alternate 
fuels, distributed power systems, and indus-
trial process improvements; pipeline re-
search, 
development, 
and 
demonstration 
projects; energy standards; other appropriate 
matters as referred by the Chair; and rel-
evant oversight. 
(2) Subcommittee on Environment. Shall 
have jurisdiction over the following subject 
matters: all matters relating to environ-
mental research; Environmental Protection 
Agency research and development; environ-
mental standards; climate change research 
and development; the National Oceanic and 
Atmospheric Administration, including all 
activities related to weather, weather serv-
ices, climate, the atmosphere, marine fish-
eries, and oceanic research; risk assessment 
activities; scientific issues related to envi-
ronmental policy, including climate change; 
other appropriate matters as referred by the 
Chair; and relevant oversight. 
(3) Subcommittee on Research and Tech-
nology. Shall have jurisdiction over the fol-
lowing subject matters: all matters relating 
to science policy and science education; the 
Office of Science and Technology Policy; all 
scientific research, and scientific and engi-
neering 
resources 
(including 
human 
re-
sources); all matters relating to science, 
technology, engineering and mathematics 
education; intergovernmental mechanisms 
for research, development, and demonstra-
tion 
and 
cross-cutting 
programs; 
inter-
national scientific cooperation; National 
Science Foundation; university research pol-
icy, including infrastructure and overhead; 
university research partnerships, including 
those with industry; science scholarships; 
computing, 
communications, 
networking, 
and information technology; research and 
development relating to health, biomedical, 
and nutritional programs; research, develop-
ment, and demonstration relating to nano-
science, nanoengineering, and nanotechnol-
ogy; agricultural, geological, biological and 
life sciences research; materials research, de-
velopment, demonstration, and policy; all 
matters relating to competitiveness, tech-
nology, standards, and innovation; standard-
ization of weights and measures, including 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:42 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00005
Fmt 7634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22FE7.001
H22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 4-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H546 
February 22, 2021 
technical standards, standardization, and 
conformity assessment; measurement, in-
cluding the metric system of measurement; 
the Technology Administration of the De-
partment of Commerce; the National Insti-
tute of Standards and Technology; the Na-
tional Technical Information Service; com-
petitiveness, including small business com-
petitiveness; tax, antitrust, regulatory and 
other legal and governmental policies re-
lated to technological development and com-
mercialization; technology transfer, includ-
ing civilian use of defense technologies; pat-
ent and intellectual property policy; inter-
national technology trade; research, develop-
ment, and demonstration activities of the 
Department of Transportation; surface and 
water transportation research, development, 
and demonstration programs; earthquake 
programs and fire research programs, includ-
ing those related to wildfire proliferation re-
search and prevention; biotechnology policy; 
research, development, demonstration, and 
standards-related activities of the Depart-
ment of Homeland Security; Small Business 
Innovation Research and Technology Trans-
fer; voting technologies and standards; other 
appropriate matters as referred by the Chair; 
and relevant oversight. 
(4) Subcommittee on Space and Aero-
nautics. Shall have jurisdiction over the fol-
lowing subject matters: all matters relating 
to astronautical and aeronautical research 
and development; national space policy, in-
cluding access to space; sub-orbital access 
and applications; National Aeronautics and 
Space Administration and its contractor and 
government-operated labs; space commer-
cialization, including commercial space ac-
tivities relating to the Department of Trans-
portation and the Department of Commerce; 
exploration and use of outer space; inter-
national space cooperation; the National 
Space Council; space applications, space 
communications and related matters; Earth 
remote sensing policy; civil aviation re-
search, development, and demonstration; re-
search, development, and demonstration pro-
grams of the Federal Aviation Administra-
tion; space law; other appropriate matters as 
referred by the Chair; and relevant over-
sight. 
(5) Subcommittee on Investigations and 
Oversight. Shall have general and special in-
vestigative authority on all matters within 
the jurisdiction of the Committee. 
(c) Composition of Subcommittees. 
(1) The Chair shall assign Members to the 
Subcommittees. Minority party assignments 
shall be made only with the concurrence of 
the Ranking Minority Member. The Chair 
shall determine the ratio of Majority Mem-
bers to Minority Members of each Sub-
committee; provided that the ratio of Major-
ity Members to Minority Members on each 
Subcommittee (excluding any ex officio 
Member) shall be no less favorable to the 
Majority party than the ratio for the Com-
mittee. 
(2) The Chair and Ranking Minority Mem-
ber of the Committee shall be ex officio 
Members of each Subcommittee and shall 
have the right to vote and be counted as part 
of the quorum and ratios on all matters be-
fore the Subcommittee. 
(d) Referral to Subcommittees. The Chair 
shall expeditiously refer all legislation and 
other matters referred to the Committee to 
the Subcommittee or Subcommittees of ap-
propriate 
jurisdiction, 
unless 
the 
Chair 
deems consideration is to be by the Com-
mittee. Subcommittee Chairs may make re-
quests for referral of specific matters to 
their Subcommittee if they believe Sub-
committee jurisdictions so warrants. 
(e) Subcommittee Procedures and Reports. 
(1) Subcommittee Chairs shall set meeting 
dates with the concurrence of the Chair and 
after consultation with the other Sub-
committee Chairs with a view toward avoid-
ing 
simultaneous 
scheduling 
of 
Sub-
committee meetings or hearings wherever 
possible. No Subcommittee may meet or 
hold a hearing at the same time as a meeting 
or hearing of the Committee without author-
ization from the Chair. 
(2) Each Subcommittee is authorized to 
meet, hold hearings, receive testimony or 
evidence, mark up legislation, and report to 
the Committee on all matters referred to it. 
For matters within its jurisdiction, each 
Subcommittee is authorized to conduct leg-
islative, investigative, forecasting, and gen-
eral oversight hearings; to conduct inquiries 
into the future; and to undertake budget im-
pact studies. 
(3) Each Subcommittee shall provide the 
Committee with copies of such records of 
votes taken in the Subcommittee and such 
other records with respect to the Sub-
committee as the Chair of the Committee 
deems necessary to ensure compliance with 
the House Rules. 
(4) After ordering a measure or matter re-
ported, a Subcommittee shall issue a report 
in such form as the Chair shall specify. To 
the maximum extent practicable, reports 
and recommendations of a Subcommittee 
shall not be considered by the Committee 
until after the intervention of 48 hours (ex-
cluding Saturdays, Sundays, and legal holi-
days except when the House is in session on 
such a day) from the time the report is sub-
mitted and made available to the Com-
mittee. Printed hearings thereon shall be 
made available, if feasible, to the Com-
mittee, except that this Rule may be waived 
at the discretion of the Chair after consulta-
tion with the Ranking Minority Member. 
(5) Any Member of the Committee may 
have the privilege of sitting with any Sub-
committee during its hearings or delibera-
tions and may participate in such hearings 
or deliberations, but no Member who is not a 
Member of the Subcommittee shall vote on 
any matter before such Subcommittee, ex-
cept as provided in Rule VI(c)(2). 
RULE VII. VICE CHAIRS 
(a) The Chair of the Committee shall des-
ignate a Member of the majority party to 
serve as Vice Chair of the Committee, and 
shall designate a Majority Member of each 
Subcommittee to serve as Vice Chair of the 
Subcommittee. Vice Chairs of the Com-
mittee and each Subcommittee serve at the 
pleasure of the Chair, who may at any time 
terminate his designation of a Member as 
Vice Chair and designate a different Member 
of the majority party to serve as Vice Chair 
of the Committee or relevant Subcommittee. 
(b) The Chair may assign duties, privileges, 
and responsibilities to the Vice Chairs of the 
Committee or the various Subcommittees. 
RULE VIII. OVERSIGHT AND INVESTIGATIONS 
(a) The Committee shall review and study, 
on a continuing basis, the application, ad-
ministration, execution, and effectiveness of 
those laws, or parts of laws, the subject mat-
ter of which is within its jurisdiction, includ-
ing all laws, programs, and Government ac-
tivities relating to nonmilitary research and 
development in accordance with House Rule 
X. 
(b) Not later than March 1st of the first 
session of the 117th Congress, the Chair, 
after consultation with the Ranking Minor-
ity Member, shall submit the Committee’s 
oversight plan to the Committee on Over-
sight and the Committee on House Adminis-
tration in accordance with the provisions of 
clause 2(d) of House Rule X. 
(c) Any investigation undertaken in the 
name of the Committee shall be approved by 
the Chair. Nothing in this subsection shall 
be interpreted to infringe on a Subcommit-
tee’s authority to conduct general oversight 
of matters within its jurisdiction, short of 
undertaking an investigation. 
RULE IX. SUBPOENAS 
The power to authorize and issue sub-
poenas is delegated to the Chair as provided 
for under clause 2(m)(3)(A)(i) of House Rule 
XI. The Chair shall notify the Ranking Mi-
nority Member prior to issuing any subpoena 
under such authority. To the extent prac-
ticable, the Chair shall consult with the 
Ranking Minority Member at least 24 hours 
in advance of a subpoena being issued under 
such authority. 
RULE X. DEPOSITION AUTHORITY 
The Chair may authorize the staff of the 
Committee to conduct depositions pursuant 
to section 3 of House Resolution 8, 117th Con-
gress, and subject to any regulations issued 
pursuant thereto. 
RULE XI. COMMITTEE RECORDS 
(a) The records of the Committee at the 
National Archives and Records Administra-
tion shall be made available for public use in 
accordance with House Rule VII. 
(b) The Chair shall notify the Ranking Mi-
nority Member of the Committee of any de-
cision, pursuant to clauses 3(b)(3) or 4(b) of 
House Rule VII, to withhold a record other-
wise available, and the matter shall be pre-
sented to the Committee for a determination 
on the written request of any Member of the 
Committee. 
RULE XII. OFFICIAL COMMITTEE WEBSITE 
The Chair shall maintain an official Com-
mittee website for the purpose of furthering 
the Committee’s legislative and oversight re-
sponsibilities, including communicating in-
formation about the Committee’s activities 
to Committee Members and other Members 
of the House. The Ranking Minority Member 
of the Committee may maintain a similar 
website for the same purpose, including com-
municating information about the activities 
of the minority to Committee Members and 
other Members of the House. 
RULE XIII. COMMITTEE BUDGET 
From the amount provided to the Com-
mittee in the primary expense resolution 
adopted by the House of Representatives in 
the 117th Congress, the Chair shall designate 
one-third of the budget, after adjustment for 
the salaries of the shared administrative 
functions for the Clerk, Printer and Finan-
cial Administrator, under the direction of 
the Ranking Minority Member for the pur-
poses of minority staff, travel expenses of 
minority staff and Members, and all other 
minority office expenses. 
RULE XIV. AMENDMENTS TO COMMITTEE RULES 
The rules of the Committee may be modi-
fied, amended, or repealed, in the same man-
ner and method as prescribed for the adop-
tion of committee rules in clause 2 of House 
Rule XI, but only if written notice of the 
proposed change has been provided to each 
such Member at least 3 days before the time 
of the meeting at which the vote on the 
change occurs. Any such change in the rules 
of the Committee shall be published in the 
Congressional Record within 30 calendar 
days after their approval. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
The SPEAKER. Pursuant to section 
5(a)(1)(B) of House Resolution 8, the 
House stands adjourned until 2 p.m. to-
morrow. 
Thereupon (at 11 o’clock and 35 min-
utes a.m.), under its previous order, the 
House adjourned until Tuesday, Feb-
ruary 23, 2021, at 2 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:42 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00006
Fmt 7634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22FE7.003
H22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 5-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H547 
February 22, 2021 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the 
Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
EC-318. A letter from the Secretary, Com-
modity Futures Trading Commission, trans-
mitting the Commission’s final rule — Ex-
emptions From Swap Trade Execution Re-
quirement (RIN: 3038-AE25) received Feb-
ruary 
2, 
2021, 
pursuant 
to 
5 
U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 
EC-319. A letter from the Congressional Re-
view Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health 
Inspection Service, Department of Agri-
culture, transmitting the Department’s final 
rule — Amendments to the Pale Cyst Nema-
tode Regulations [Docket No.: APHIS-2018- 
0041] (RIN: 0579-AE48) received February 2, 
2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public 
Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
Committee on Agriculture. 
EC-320. A letter from the OSD FRLO, Of-
fice of the Secretary, Department of Defense, 
transmitting the Department’s final rule — 
Implementation of Governmentwide Guid-
ance for Grants and Cooperative Agreements 
[DOD-2016-OS-0048] (RIN: 0790-AJ45) received 
February 2, 2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Serv-
ices. 
EC-321. A letter from the Deputy Director, 
Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, 
transmitting the Bureau’s final rule — Con-
sumer Leasing (Regulation M) [Docket No.: 
R-1727] (RIN: 7100-AF98) received February 2, 
2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public 
Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
Committee on Financial Services. 
EC-322. A letter from the Director, Bureau 
of Consumer Financial Protection, transmit-
ting the Bureau’s advisory opinion — Equal 
Credit Opportunity (Regulation B); Special 
Purpose Credit Programs received February 
2, 2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Pub-
lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
Committee on Financial Services. 
EC-323. A letter from the Deputy Director, 
Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, 
transmitting the Bureau’s final rule — Home 
Mortgage Disclosure (Regulation C) Adjust-
ment to Asset-Size Exemption Threshold re-
ceived February 2, 2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial 
Services. 
EC-324. A letter from the Deputy Director, 
Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, 
transmitting the Bureau’s final rules — 
Truth in Lending (Regulation Z) [Docket 
No.: R-1728] (RIN: 7100-AF99) received Feb-
ruary 
2, 
2021, 
pursuant 
to 
5 
U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial 
Services. 
EC-325. A letter from the Associate Gen-
eral Counsel for Legislation and Regulations, 
Office of Housing-Federal Housing Commis-
sioner, Department of Housing and Urban 
Development, 
transmitting 
the 
Depart-
ment’s final rule — Section 542(c) Housing 
Finance 
Agency 
Risk 
Sharing 
Program 
[Docket No.: FR-5881-F-02] (RIN: 2502-AJ35) 
received February 2, 2021, pursuant to 5 
U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Fi-
nancial Services. 
EC-326. A letter from the Associate Gen-
eral Counsel for Legislation and Regulations, 
Office of Fair Housing and Equal Oppor-
tunity, Department of Housing and Urban 
Development, 
transmitting 
the 
Depart-
ment’s FHEO Notice — Assessing a Person’s 
Request to Have an Animal as a Reasonable 
Accommodation Under the Fair Housing Act 
[FHEO-2020-01] received February 2, 2021, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Financial Services. 
EC-327. A letter from the Deputy Sec-
retary, Division of Investment Management, 
Securities and Exchange Commission, trans-
mitting the Commission’s Major rule — In-
vestment Adviser Marketing [Release No.: 
IA-5653; File No.: S7-21-19] (RIN: 3235-AM08) 
received February 16, 2021, pursuant to 5 
U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Fi-
nancial Services. 
EC-328. A letter from the Chief of Staff, 
Media 
Bureau, 
Federal 
Communications 
Commission, transmitting the Commission’s 
final rule — Amendment of section 73.202(b) 
FM Table of Allotments, FM Broadcast Sta-
tions. (Edgefield, South Carolina [MB Dock-
et No.: 20-155] (RM-11856) received February 
2, 2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Pub-
lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
EC-329. A letter from the Chief of Staff, 
Wireline Competition Bureau, Federal Com-
munications Commission, transmitting the 
Commission’s Major rule — Establishing the 
Digital Opportunity Data Collection [WC 
Docket No.: 19-195]; Modernizing the FCC 
Form 477 Data Program [WC Docket No.: 11- 
10] received February 4, 2021, pursuant to 5 
U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-
ergy and Commerce. 
EC-330. A letter from the Deputy Assistant 
Director for Regulatory Affairs, Office of 
Foreign Assets Control, Department of the 
Treasury, transmitting the Department’s 
final rule — Amendments to Narcotics Traf-
ficking Sanctions Regulations and Foreign 
Narcotics Kingpin Sanctions Regulations re-
ceived February 2, 2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs. 
EC-331. A letter from the Chairman, Coun-
cil of the District of Columbia, transmitting 
D.C. Act 23-560, ‘‘Bella Evangelista and Tony 
Hunter Panic Defense Prohibition and Hate 
Crimes Response Amendment Act of 2020’’, 
pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); 
(87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight 
and Reform. 
EC-332. A letter from the Chairman, Coun-
cil of the District of Columbia, transmitting 
D.C. Act 23-446, ‘‘Sanctuary Values Tem-
porary Amendment Act of 2020’’, pursuant to 
Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 
814); to the Committee on Oversight and Re-
form. 
EC-333. A letter from the Chairman, Coun-
cil of the District of Columbia, transmitting 
D.C. Act 23-614, ‘‘Coronavirus Public Health 
Extension Temporary Amendment Act of 
2021’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 
602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on 
Oversight and Reform. 
EC-334. A letter from the Chairman, Coun-
cil of the District of Columbia, transmitting 
D.C. Act 23-615, ‘‘UDC PR Harris Exclusive 
Use Repeal Temporary Amendment Act of 
2021’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 
602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on 
Oversight and Reform. 
EC-335. A letter from the Chairman, Coun-
cil of the District of Columbia, transmitting 
D.C. Act 23-592, ‘‘Unemployment Benefits Ex-
tension Amendment Act of 2020’’, pursuant 
to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 
814); to the Committee on Oversight and Re-
form. 
EC-336. A letter from the Chairman, Coun-
cil of the District of Columbia, transmitting 
D.C. Act 23-616, ‘‘Department of Buildings 
Establishment Act of 2020’’, pursuant to Pub-
lic Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to 
the Committee on Oversight and Reform. 
EC-337. A letter from the Chairman, Coun-
cil of the District of Columbia, transmitting 
D.C. Act 23-617, ‘‘Office of the Ombudsperson 
for Children Establishment Amendment Act 
of 2020’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 
602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on 
Oversight and Reform. 
EC-338. A letter from the Acting Architect, 
Architect of the Capitol, transmitting the 
semiannual report of disbursements for the 
operations of the Architect of the Capitol for 
the period of July 1, 2020, through December 
31, 2020, pursuant to 2 U.S.C. 1868a(a); Public 
Law 113-76, div. I, title I, Sec. 1301(a); (128 
Stat. 428) (H. Doc. No. 117—16); to the Com-
mittee on House Administration and ordered 
to be printed. 
EC-339. A letter from the Chief, Branch of 
Domestic Listing, Department of the Inte-
rior, transmitting the Department’s final 
rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife 
and Plants; Revised Designation of Critical 
Habitat for the Northern Spotted Owl [Dock-
et 
No.: 
FWS-R1-ES-2020-0050; 
FF09E21000 
FXES11110900000 212] (RIN: 1018-BF01) re-
ceived February 3, 2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-
sources. 
EC-340. A letter from the Branch of 
Delisting and Foreign Species, Fish and 
Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, 
transmitting the Department’s final rule — 
Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and 
Plants; Reclassification of the Endangered 
June Sucker to Threatened With a Section 
4(d) Rule [Docket No.: FWS-R6-ES-2019-0026; 
FXES11130900000-201-FF09E22000] (RIN: 1018- 
BD48) received February 2, 2021, pursuant to 
5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-
ural Resources. 
EC-341. A letter from the Deputy Chief Fi-
nancial Officer and Director for Financial 
Management, Office of the CFO, Department 
of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s 
final rule — Civil Monetary Penalty Adjust-
ments for Inflation [Docket No.: 201209-0333] 
(RIN: 0605-AA58) received February 2, 2021, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. 
EC-342. A letter from the Chief, Regulatory 
Coordination Division, U.S. Citizenship and 
Immigration Services, Department of Home-
land Security, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s temporary final rule — Temporary 
Changes to Requirements Affecting H-2A 
Nonimmigrants due to the COVID-19 Na-
tional Emergency: Partial Extension of Cer-
tain Flexibilities [CIS No.: 2672-20; DHS 
Docket No.: USCIS-USCIS-2020-0008] (RIN: 
1615-AC55) received February 2, 2021, pursu-
ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 
121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee 
on the Judiciary. 
EC-343. A letter from the Attorney Advi-
sor, Executive Office for Immigration Re-
view, Department of Justice, transmitting 
the Department’s final rule — Appellate Pro-
cedures and Decisional Finality in Immigra-
tion Proceedings; Administrative Closure 
[Docket No.: EOIR 19-0022; Dir. Order No.: 05- 
2021] (RIN: 1125-AA96) received February 2, 
2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public 
Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
Committee on the Judiciary. 
EC-344. A letter from the Trial Attorney, 
National Highway Traffic Safety Adminis-
tration, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, 
transmitting the Department’s Major in-
terim final rule — Civil Penalties [Docket 
No.: NHTSA-2021-0001] (RIN: 2127-AM32) re-
ceived February 16, 2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judici-
ary. 
EC-345. A letter from the Secretary, Fed-
eral Maritime Commission, transmitting the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:42 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00007
Fmt 7634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\L22FE7.000
H22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 6-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H548 
February 22, 2021 
Commission’s final rule — Inflation Adjust-
ment of Civil Monetary Penalties [Docket 
No.: 21-01] (RIN: 3072-AC85) received Feb-
ruary 
2, 
2021, 
pursuant 
to 
5 
U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judici-
ary. 
EC-346. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Viking Air Limited Airplanes [Docket 
No.: FAA-2019-0045; Product Identifier 2018- 
CE-027-AD; Amendment 39-21199; AD 2020-16- 
15] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 2, 
2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public 
Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure. 
EC-347. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Sikorsky Aircraft Corporation Heli-
copters [Docket No.: FAA-2019-1115; Project 
Identifier 2018-SW-065-AD; Amendment 39- 
21203; AD 2020-16-19] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received 
February 2, 2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure. 
EC-348. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Rolls-Royce Deutschland Ltd & Co KG 
(Type Certificate Previously Held by Rolls- 
Royce plc) Turbofan Engines [Docket No.: 
FAA-2020-0265; Project Identifier MCAI-2019- 
00131-E; Amendment 39-21201; AD 2020-16-17] 
(RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 2, 2021, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture. 
EC-349. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Pacific Aerospace Limited Airplanes 
[Docket No.: FAA-2020-0716; Product Identi-
fier 2019-CE-009-AD; Amendment 39-21191; AD 
2020-16-07] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Feb-
ruary 
2, 
2021, 
pursuant 
to 
5 
U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure. 
EC-350. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class D 
and Class E Airspace; Las Vegas, NV [Docket 
No.: FAA-2020-0353; Airspace Docket No.: 19- 
AWP-19] (RIN: 2120-AA66) received February 
2, 2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Pub-
lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure. 
EC-351. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Bombardier, Inc., Airplanes [Docket 
No.: FAA-2020-0104; Product Identifier 2019- 
NM-210-AD; Amendment 39-19923; AD 2020-12- 
14] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 2, 
2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public 
Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure. 
EC-352. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Airbus SAS Airplanes [Docket No.: 
FAA-2020-0329; Product Identifier 2020-NM- 
028-AD; Amendment 39-19925; AD 2020-12-16] 
(RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 2, 2021, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture. 
EC-353. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Amendment of VOR Fed-
eral Airways V-24, V-97, and V-171 in the Vi-
cinity of Lone Rock, WI [Docket No.: FAA- 
2020-0244; Airspace Docket No.: 19-AGL-1] 
(RIN: 2120-AA66) received February 2, 2021, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture. 
EC-354. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Airbus SAS Airplanes [Docket No.: 
FAA-2020-0217; Product Identifier 2019-NM- 
193-AD; Amendment 39-21183; AD 2020-15-20] 
(RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 2, 2021, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture. 
EC-355. A letter from the Federal Register 
Liaison Officer, Alcohol and Tobacco Tax 
and Trade Bureau, Department of the Treas-
ury, transmitting the Department’s final 
rule — Addition of New Standards of Fill for 
Wine and Distilled Spirits; Amendment of 
Distilled Spirits and Malt Beverage Net Con-
tents Labeling Regulations [Docket Nos.: 
TTB-2019-0004 and TTB-2019-0005; T.D. TTB- 
165; Re: Notice Nos.: 182, 183, and 184] (RIN: 
1513-AB56 and 1513-AC45) received February 
5, 2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Pub-
lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
Committee on Ways and Means. 
EC-356. A letter from the Branch Chief, 
Disclosure Support Branch, Internal Rev-
enue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB 
only rule — Extension of Temporary Relief 
from the Physical Presence Requirement for 
Spousal Consents Under Qualified Retire-
ment Plans [Notice 2021-03] received Feb-
ruary 
2, 
2021, 
pursuant 
to 
5 
U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and 
Means. 
EC-357. A letter from the Branch Chief, 
Disclosure Support Branch, Internal Rev-
enue Service, transmitting the Service’s 
final regulations — Misdirected Direct De-
posit Refunds [TD 9940] (RIN: 1545-BP41) re-
ceived February 2, 2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and 
Means. 
EC-358. A letter from the Director, Legal 
Processing Division, Internal Revenue Serv-
ice, transmitting the Service’s final regula-
tions — Small Business Taxpayer Exceptions 
Under Sections 263A, 448, 460 and 471 [TD 
9942] (RIN: 1545-BP53) received February 2, 
2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public 
Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
Committee on Ways and Means. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following 
titles were introduced and severally re-
ferred, as follows: 
By Ms. VELA´ ZQUEZ (for herself, Mr. 
BIGGS, Mr. RASKIN, Mr. GRIJALVA, 
Mr. CICILLINE, Ms. JAYAPAL, and Miss 
GONZA´ LEZ-COLO´ N): 
H.R. 1192. A bill to impose requirements on 
the payment of compensation to professional 
persons employed in voluntary cases com-
menced under title III of the Puerto Rico 
Oversight Management and Economic Sta-
bility 
Act 
(commonly 
known 
as 
‘‘PROMESA’’); to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary. 
By Mr. BARR: 
H.R. 1193. A bill to amend title IV of the 
Public Health Service Act to direct the Di-
rector of the National Institutes of Health, 
in consultation with the Director of the Na-
tional Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute, 
shall establish a program under which the 
Director of the National Institutes of Health 
shall support or conduct research on val-
vular heart disease, and for other purposes; 
to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. CA´ RDENAS (for himself and 
Mr. CARBAJAL): 
H.R. 1194. A bill to amend the Robert T. 
Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency As-
sistance Act to ensure food assistance during 
a major disaster or emergency declared 
under such Act; to the Committee on Trans-
portation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. COURTNEY (for himself, Mr. 
SCOTT of Virginia, Mr. BACON, Ms. 
ADAMS, Mr. YOUNG, Mr. KHANNA, Mr. 
FITZPATRICK, and Mr. COLE): 
H.R. 1195. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Labor to issue an occupational safety and 
health standard that requires covered em-
ployers within the health care and social 
service industries to develop and implement 
a comprehensive workplace violence preven-
tion plan, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Education and Labor, and in 
addition to the Committees on Energy and 
Commerce, and Ways and Means, for a period 
to be subsequently determined by the Speak-
er, in each case for consideration of such pro-
visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
By Mr. DESAULNIER: 
H.R. 1196. A bill to establish a Commission 
for Review and Correction of Historical In-
justices, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and in addition to 
the Committees on Education and Labor, 
and Armed Services, for a period to be subse-
quently determined by the Speaker, in each 
case for consideration of such provisions as 
fall within the jurisdiction of the committee 
concerned. 
By Mr. GALLEGO (for himself, Ms. 
HOULAHAN, Mrs. HAYES, and Ms. 
ADAMS): 
H.R. 1197. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 to establish the Honorable 
Augustus F. Hawkins Centers of Excellence, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Education and Labor. 
By Mr. GONZALEZ of Ohio (for him-
self, 
Ms. 
KUSTER, 
Mr. 
RESCHENTHALER, and Mrs. MCBATH): 
H.R. 1198. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to require a provider of a report 
to the CyberTipline related to online sexual 
exploitation of children to preserve the con-
tents of such report for 180 days, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary. 
By Ms. HOULAHAN: 
H.R. 1199. A bill to authorize the Secretary 
of State to waive certain requirements with 
respect to eligibility for civil service posi-
tions relating to the departmental formula-
tion and direction of foreign affairs and 
international relations, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. KHANNA: 
H.R. 1200. A bill to provide appropriations 
for the Internal Revenue Service to overhaul 
technology and strengthen enforcement, and 
for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Ways and Means. 
By Mr. LOWENTHAL: 
H.R. 1201. A bill to establish in the Bureau 
of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor of 
the Department of State a Special Envoy for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:42 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00008
Fmt 7634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\L22FE7.000
H22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 7-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H549 
February 22, 2021 
the Human Rights of LGBTQI Peoples, and 
for other purposes; to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs. 
By Ms. MATSUI (for herself, Mr. 
MCHENRY, Mrs. LURIA, and Mr. GON-
ZALEZ of Ohio): 
H.R. 1202. A bill to improve the health and 
safety of Americans living with food aller-
gies and related disorders, including poten-
tially life-threatening anaphylaxis, food pro-
tein-induced enterocolitis syndrome, and 
eosinophilic gastrointestinal diseases, and 
for other purposes; to the Committee on En-
ergy and Commerce. 
By Mrs. MCCLAIN (for herself, Ms. 
HERRELL, 
Mr. 
JACKSON, 
Mr. 
CRAWFORD, Mr. LAMBORN, and Mr. 
CARL): 
H.R. 1203. A bill to limit the United States 
from rejoining the Joint Comprehensive 
Plan of Action; to the Committee on Foreign 
Affairs. 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H.R. 1204. A bill to amend the District of 
Columbia Home Rule Act to permit the Dis-
trict of Columbia to establish the rate of pay 
of the Chief Financial Officer of the District 
of Columbia; to the Committee on Oversight 
and Reform. 
By Mr. RUIZ: 
H.R. 1205. A bill to authorize the Secretary 
of Health and Human Services, acting 
through the Director of the Center for Men-
tal Health Services of the Substance Abuse 
and Mental Health Services Administration, 
to award grants to implement innovative ap-
proaches to securing prompt access to appro-
priate follow-on care for individuals who ex-
perience an acute mental health episode and 
present for care in an emergency depart-
ment, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: 
H.R. 1206. A bill to restrict the authority of 
the Attorney General to enter into contracts 
for Federal correctional facilities and com-
munity confinement facilities, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-
ary. 
By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: 
H.R. 1207. A bill to require face-to-face pur-
chases of ammunition, to require licensing of 
ammunition dealers, and to require report-
ing regarding bulk purchases of ammunition; 
to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: 
H.R. 1208. A bill to reauthorize the Cross-
roads of the American Revolution National 
Heritage Area, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. ARRINGTON (for himself, Mr. 
BANKS, Mr. WEBER
of Texas, Mr. 
ROUZER, 
Mr. 
TIFFANY, 
and 
Mr. 
LOUDERMILK): 
H. Res. 141. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives that 
Congress must completely and unequivocally 
condemn violence, lawlessness, and rioting 
from all individuals and groups, regardless of 
ideology or political affiliation; to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. LAMBORN (for himself, Mr. 
BANKS, and Ms. HERRELL): 
H. Res. 142. A resolution condemning big 
tech’s partisan censorship practices; to the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mrs. LESKO (for herself, Mr. HARD-
ER
of California, Mr. PERRY, Mr. 
SHERMAN, Mr. SCHWEIKERT, and Ms. 
ESHOO): 
H. Res. 143. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives regard-
ing United States policy recognizing the 
Semele Massacre of 1933; to the Committee 
on Foreign Affairs. 
By 
Mr. 
POCAN 
(for 
himself, 
Mr. 
GRAVES of Missouri, Ms. BONAMICI, 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mrs. 
BUSTOS, Mr. FITZPATRICK, Ms. STE-
VENS, Mr. NADLER, Mr. VAN DREW, 
Mr. SMITH of Washington, Ms. KAP-
TUR, Mr. BEYER, Ms. MOORE of Wis-
consin, Ms. MCCOLLUM, Ms. WILD, Mr. 
BOST, Mrs. AXNE, Ms. BROWNLEY, Mr. 
CARTWRIGHT, 
Mr. 
FOSTER, 
Mr. 
GARAMENDI, Ms. GARCIA of Texas, Ms. 
DEGETTE, Mrs. HAYES, Mr. PERL-
MUTTER, Mrs. LEE of Nevada, Mrs. 
WATSON COLEMAN, Mr. PANETTA, Mr. 
LEVIN of Michigan, Mr. NEGUSE, Mr. 
DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. KILMER, 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia, Mr. DANNY K. 
DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. CASTEN, Ms. 
TITUS, Mr. GALLEGO, Mr. SUOZZI, Mr. 
MORELLE, 
Ms. 
SCHAKOWSKY, 
Mr. 
MCGOVERN, 
Mr. 
GRIJALVA, 
Mr. 
STAUBER, 
Mr. 
BLUMENAUER, 
Ms. 
CRAIG, Mr. SCHIFF, Ms. BLUNT ROCH-
ESTER, Ms. SCANLON, Mr. HASTINGS, 
Ms. 
NEWMAN, 
Mr. 
HILL, 
Ms. 
PLASKETT, Mr. LAMB, Ms. STRICK-
LAND, Mr. DEFAZIO, Mr. KIND, Mr. 
JOYCE
of Ohio, Ms. DELBENE, Mr. 
SIRES, Mr. CROW, Mr. STIVERS, Mr. 
CONNOLLY, Mr. RASKIN, Mrs. NAPOLI-
TANO, Mr. PALLONE, Mr. TAKANO, Ms. 
LEE of California, Mr. LANGEVIN, Mr. 
YARMUTH, 
Mr. 
LOWENTHAL, 
Ms. 
HOULAHAN, 
Mr. 
MALINOWSKI, 
Mr. 
ESPAILLAT, Ms. PINGREE, Mr. BROWN, 
Mr. TRONE, Ms. WILSON of Florida, 
Mr. SABLAN, Ms. KUSTER, Ms. SE-
WELL, 
Ms. 
PRESSLEY, 
Mr. 
AUCHINCLOSS, Mr. PRICE
of North 
Carolina, Mr. CARSON, Mr. PAYNE, 
Ms. WEXTON, Mr. MULLIN, Ms. NOR-
TON, Ms. DELAURO, Ms. ADAMS, Mr. 
KILDEE, Mr. THOMPSON of California, 
and Mr. GOTTHEIMER): 
H. Res. 144. A resolution expressing support 
for the designation of the week of February 
22 through February 26, 2021, as ‘‘Public 
Schools Week’’; to the Committee on Over-
sight and Reform. 
By Ms. PRESSLEY: 
H. Res. 145. A resolution recognizing the 
duty of the Federal Government to create a 
Federal job guarantee; to the Committee on 
Education and Labor. 
f 
PRIVATE BILLS AND 
RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
Ms. BUSH introduced a bill (H.R. 1209) for 
the 
relief 
of 
Rene 
Alexander 
Garcia 
Maldonado; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-
tives, the following statements are sub-
mitted regarding the specific powers 
granted to Congress in the Constitu-
tion to enact the accompanying bill or 
joint resolution. 
By Ms. VELA´ ZQUEZ: 
H.R. 1192. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 
The Congress shall have Power to . . . pro-
vide for the . . . general Welfare of the 
United States; . . . 
By Mr. BARR: 
H.R. 1193. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: 
‘‘The Congress shall have power to . . . 
make all laws which shall be necessary and 
proper for carrying into Execution the fore-
going Powers . . . in the Government of the 
United States, or in any Department or Offi-
cer thereof’’ 
By Mr. CA´ RDENAS: 
H.R. 1194. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 1. 
All legislative powers herein granted shall 
be vested in a Congress of the United States, 
which shall consist of a Senate and House of 
Representative. 
By Mr. COURTNEY: 
H.R. 1195. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. DESAULNIER: 
H.R. 1196. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8. 
By Mr. GALLEGO: 
H.R. 1197. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: ‘‘[The Con-
gress shall have the power . . . ] To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for 
carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-
ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-
stitution in the Government of the United 
States, or in any Department or 0fficer 
thereof.’’ 
By Mr. GONZALEZ of Ohio: 
H.R. 1198. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion to ‘‘make all laws which shall be nec-
essary and proper for carrying into execution 
the foregoing powers, and all other powers 
vested by this constitution.’’ 
By Ms. HOULAHAN: 
H.R. 1199. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
U.S. Constitution, Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. KHANNA: 
H.R. 1200. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution 
gives Congress the power to make laws that 
are necessary and proper to carry out its 
enumerated powers. 
By Mr. LOWENTHAL: 
H.R. 1201. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion: 
‘‘The Congress shall have power to dispose 
of and make all needful rules and regulations 
respecting the territory or other protery be-
longing to the United States; and nothing in 
this constitution shall be so construed as to 
prejudice any claims of the United States, or 
of any particular state.’’ 
By Ms. MATSUI: 
H.R. 1202. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the US Constitution 
By Mrs. MCCLAIN: 
H.R. 1203. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H.R. 1204. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
clause 17 of section 8 of article I of the 
Constitution. 
By Mr. RUIZ: 
H.R. 1205. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:42 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00009
Fmt 7634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\L22FE7.100
H22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 8-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H550 
February 22, 2021 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the 
United States Constitution, to provide for 
the general welfare and make all laws nec-
essary and proper to carry out the powers of 
Congress. 
By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: 
H.R. 1206. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for 
carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-
ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-
stitution in the Government of the United 
States, or in any Department or Officer 
thereof. 
By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: 
H.R. 1207. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for 
carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-
ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-
stitution in the Government of the United 
States, or in any Department or Officer 
thereof. 
By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: 
H.R. 1208. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for 
carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-
ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-
stitution in the Government of the United 
States, or in any Department or Officer 
thereof. 
By Ms. BUSH: 
H.R. 1209. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 7 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-
tions, as follows: 
H.R. 1: Ms. SPANBERGER and Mrs. LURIA. 
H.R. 5: Mr. VICENTE GONZALEZ of Texas. 
H.R. 102: Mr. VAN DREW. 
H.R. 265: Mr. EVANS and Ms. BLUNT ROCH-
ESTER. 
H.R. 279: Ms. NORTON. 
H.R. 305: Ms. SEWELL, Mr. NEGUSE, Mr. 
LYNCH, 
Ms. 
BARRAGA´ N, 
Mr. 
LAMB, 
Mr. 
CICILLINE, Ms. BONAMICI, Mr. GALLEGO, Mr. 
SIRES, Mr. O’HALLERAN, Mr. PAYNE, Mr. 
NEAL, and Mr. GARAMENDI. 
H.R. 310: Mr. BEYER and Mr. THOMPSON of 
Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 350: Ms. MCCOLLUM, Mr. CARBAJAL, 
Mr. LARSON of Connecticut, Mrs. BEATTY, 
Mr. SWALWELL, Mrs. DEMINGS, Ms. PORTER, 
Ms. BARRAGA´ N, Mr. PAYNE, Mr. WELCH, Mrs. 
BUSTOS, Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mrs. MUR-
PHY of Florida, Ms. HOULAHAN, Mr. PANETTA, 
Mr. LAMB, Ms. ESHOO, Mr. GOTTHEIMER, Ms. 
WEXTON, Mr. STANTON, Ms. UNDERWOOD, Mr. 
CROW, Mrs. HAYES, Mr. PERLMUTTER, Mr. 
DEFAZIO, Ms. LOIS FRANKEL of Florida, Mr. 
RUIZ, Mr. CASTEN, Mr. SIRES, Ms. SCHRIER, 
Mr. 
CASE, 
Mrs. 
WATSON
COLEMAN, 
Ms. 
SHERRILL, Mr. FOSTER, Ms. NORTON, Mr. SAR-
BANES, Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
SCHIFF, Mr. LIEU, Ms. CLARKE of New York, 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania, and 
Ms. SPEIER. 
H.R. 395: Mr. GOOD of Virginia and Ms. 
MALLIOTAKIS. 
H.R. 407: Mr. JACKSON. 
H.R. 413: Mr. GROTHMAN, Mr. PALAZZO, Mr. 
LAMBORN, Mr. HICE of Georgia, Mr. JOHNSON 
of Ohio, Mr. CLOUD, Mr. BROOKS, Mr. DUNCAN, 
and Mr. DAVIDSON. 
H.R. 477: Ms. PORTER, Ms. SEWELL, and Ms. 
PINGREE. 
H.R. 479: Ms. BARRAGA´ N. 
H.R. 514: Mr. ROGERS of Alabama and Mr. 
GOSAR. 
H.R. 523: Ms. CHU. 
H.R. 567: Mr. JACKSON. 
H.R. 584: Mr. RYAN. 
H.R. 586: Mrs. NAPOLITANO. 
H.R. 597: Mr. SAN NICOLAS, Mr. CARSON, Mr. 
EVANS, Mr. HASTINGS, and Mr. DESAULNIER. 
H.R. 598: Mrs. HAYES and Ms. TLAIB. 
H.R. 603: Ms. HOULAHAN, Ms. SCHRIER, Mr. 
CORREA, and Ms. SEWELL. 
H.R. 614: Ms. WILLIAMS of Georgia. 
H.R. 622: Mrs. HINSON and Mrs. LURIA. 
H.R. 666: Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER. 
H.R. 695: Mr. CRIST, Mr. AMODEI, and Mr. 
THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 712: Mr. SIRES. 
H.R. 721: Mr. HARDER of California, Ms. 
UNDERWOOD, and Mr. LYNCH. 
H.R. 728: Ms. JACKSON LEE. 
H.R. 732: Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. 
H.R. 738: Ms. OCASIO-CORTEZ and Ms. JACK-
SON LEE. 
H.R. 754: Mr. DUNCAN. 
H.R. 755: Mr. HICE
of Georgia and Mr. 
CAWTHORN. 
H.R. 767: Mr. JONES, Ms. CLARKE of New 
York, Mr. JACOBS of New York, Mr. SUOZZI, 
Mr. TONKO, Mr. BOWMAN, Ms. TENNEY, Mr. 
TORRES of New York, and Ms. STEFANIK. 
H.R. 790: Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH
and Mr. 
CRENSHAW. 
H.R. 791: Mr. HASTINGS, Mr. POCAN, Mr. 
MRVAN, Mr. KILMER, and Mrs. HAYES. 
H.R. 793: Mr. LYNCH, Ms. CLARKE of New 
York, and Ms. HOULAHAN. 
H.R. 842: Mr. BUTTERFIELD. 
H.R. 888: Mr. BALDERSON. 
H.R. 
890: 
Ms. 
STRICKLAND, 
Mr. 
KRISHNAMOORTHI, Mr. HARDER of California, 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey, Mr. CROW, Mr. 
WELCH, and Mr. LAHOOD. 
H.R. 921: Mr. BUCHANAN and Ms. DEGETTE. 
H.R. 941: Mr. HUDSON and Ms. BROWNLEY. 
H.R. 959: Ms. BROWNLEY, Mr. LEVIN of Cali-
fornia, Mr. NEGUSE, Mr. SIRES, Mrs. NAPOLI-
TANO, and Ms. BOURDEAUX. 
H.R. 992: Mr. DUNCAN. 
H.R. 1011: Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1016: Mrs. AXNE. 
H.R. 1017: Mr. BUDD. 
H.R. 1019: Ms. PRESSLEY, Ms. CHU, Mr. 
SIRES, and Mr. LOWENTHAL. 
H.R. 1021: Ms. MALLIOTAKIS. 
H.R. 1024: Mr. ALLRED and Mrs. AXNE. 
H.R. 1026: Ms. SCANLON. 
H.R. 1032: Mr. PENCE. 
H.R. 1034: Mrs. MCBATH, Mr. BROWN, and 
Ms. PORTER. 
H.R. 1035: Mr. BROWN, Mr. THOMPSON of 
California, Mr. HARRIS, Mr. WELCH, and Ms. 
ROSS. 
H.R. 1057: Mrs. DINGELL, Mr. BRENDAN F. 
BOYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. SHERMAN, Mr. 
HORSFORD, Mr. BERA, Ms. LEGER FERNANDEZ, 
Ms. TITUS, Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, Mr. PA-
NETTA, Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsyl-
vania, and Mrs. LESKO. 
H.R. 1072: Mr. SAN NICOLAS and Mr. HAS-
TINGS. 
H.R. 1082: Mr. VAN DREW. 
H.R. 1097: Mr. WEBER of Texas. 
H.R. 1099: Ms. SCANLON and Mr. SAN NICO-
LAS. 
H.R. 1112: Mr. FITZPATRICK and Ms. TITUS. 
H.R. 1127: Mr. DUNCAN. 
H.R. 1132: Ms. HERRELL. 
H.R. 1137: Ms. STEFANIK. 
H.R. 
1145: 
Mr. 
RYAN, 
Ms. 
CHU, 
Mr. 
LOWENTHAL, Mrs. DEMINGS, Mr. KAHELE, and 
Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. 
H.R. 1177: Mr. RUSH, Mr. RUPPERSBERGER, 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida, Mr. QUIGLEY, Mr. 
COOPER, Ms. BROWNLEY, Ms. JACKSON LEE, 
Mr. JEFFRIES, Mr. AUCHINCLOSS, Mr. HAS-
TINGS, Mrs. HAYES, Ms. LEE of California, Mr. 
DEUTCH, Mr. HARDER of California, Mr. CAR-
SON, Mr. KAHELE, and Mr. LARSON of Con-
necticut. 
H.R. 1178: Mr. TAKANO, Mr. CARSON, Ms. 
NORTON, Ms. LEE of California, Ms. SEWELL, 
Mr. CASE, Mrs. DINGELL, Ms. DEAN, Ms. MAN-
NING, 
Mrs. 
HAYES, 
Mr. 
KEATING, 
Ms. 
VELA´ ZQUEZ, Mr. PANETTA, Mr. MOULTON, Mr. 
SAN
NICOLAS, 
Ms. 
PORTER, 
and 
Mr. 
GOTTHEIMER. 
H.J. Res. 25: Mr. MASSIE, Mrs. GREENE of 
Georgia, Mr. HICE of Georgia, and Mr. MOON-
EY. 
H. Con. Res. 13: Ms. BOURDEAUX. 
H. Res. 47: Mr. LEVIN of Michigan, Mr. PAL-
LONE, Mr. POCAN, and Mr. SWALWELL. 
H. Res. 74: Mr. GALLEGO. 
H. Res. 104: Mr. HIGGINS of New York. 
H. Res. 118: Mr. BERGMAN, Mr. POSEY, Ms. 
DELAURO, and Mr. PALAZZO. 
H. Res. 126: Mr. GARCI´A of Illinois. 
H. Res. 128: Mr. FITZPATRICK and Mr. COLE. 
H. Res. 130: Ms. TITUS, Ms. JACOBS of Cali-
fornia, Mr. FITZPATRICK, and Mrs. WATSON 
COLEMAN. 
H. Res. 133: Mr. BUDD, Mr. NORMAN, Mr. 
HARRIS, Mr. GUEST, Mr. SMITH of Missouri, 
Mr. FULCHER, and Mr. OWENS. 
H. Res. 134: Mr. KIM of New Jersey, Ms. 
BONAMICI, Mr. ISSA, Ms. JACOBS of California, 
and Mr. POCAN. 
H. Res. 140: Mr. LOWENTHAL, Ms. CHU, and 
Mr. HASTINGS. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:42 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00010
Fmt 7634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22FE7.008
H22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 9-
Congressional Record
U
N
U
M
E
P
LU
RI
B
U
S
United States
of America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 117th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.
S751 
Vol. 167 
WASHINGTON, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 2021 
No. 33 
Senate 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was 
called to order by the Honorable MAZIE 
K. HIRONO, a Senator from the State of 
Hawaii. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. 
Eternal God, as we cross the grim 
milestone of 500,000 lives lost to the 
coronavirus, we continue to look to 
You for strength, guidance, and wis-
dom. 
Lord, use our Senators to bring heal-
ing to our Nation and world. Give them 
the creativity and wisdom needed to do 
what is best to end this global pes-
tilence. Inspire them to permit their 
thoughts, words, and actions to please 
You. May they receive the smile of 
Heaven’s approval because of their 
faithfulness. 
And, Lord, we thank You for the life 
of our first President of the United 
States, George Washington. 
We pray in Your marvelous Name. 
Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The Presiding Officer led the Pledge 
of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-
lic for which it stands, one nation under God, 
indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING 
PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE 
The 
PRESIDING 
OFFICER. 
The 
clerk will please read a communication 
to the Senate from the President pro 
tempore (Mr. LEAHY). 
The bill clerk read the following let-
ter: 
U.S. SENATE, 
PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE, 
Washington, DC, February 22, 2021. 
To the Senate: 
Under the provisions of rule I, para-
graph 3, of the Standing Rules of the 
Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable 
MAZIE K. HIRONO, a Senator from the 
State of Hawaii, to perform the duties 
of the Chair. 
PATRICK J. LEAHY, 
President pro tempore 
Ms. HIRONO thereupon assumed the 
Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Under the previous order, the 
leadership time is reserved. 
f 
READING OF WASHINGTON’S 
FAREWELL ADDRESS 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. 
Pursuant to the order of the Senate 
of January 24, 1901, as amended by the 
order of February 6, 2019, the Senator 
from Ohio, Mr. PORTMAN, will now read 
Washington’s Farewell Address. 
Mr. PORTMAN, at the rostrum, read 
the Farewell Address, as follows: 
To the people of the United States: 
FRIENDS
AND FELLOW-CITIZENS: The 
period for a new election of a citizen to 
administer the executive government 
of the United States being not far dis-
tant, and the time actually arrived 
when your thoughts must be employed 
in designating the person who is to be 
clothed with that important trust, it 
appears to me proper, especially as it 
may conduce to a more distinct expres-
sion of the public voice, that I should 
now apprise you of the resolution I 
have formed, to decline being consid-
ered among the number of those out of 
whom a choice is to be made. 
I beg you at the same time to do me 
the justice to be assured that this reso-
lution has not been taken without a 
strict regard to all the considerations 
appertaining to the relation which 
binds a dutiful citizen to his country— 
and that, in withdrawing the tender of 
service which silence in my situation 
might imply, I am influenced by no 
diminution of zeal for your future in-
terest, no deficiency of grateful respect 
for your past kindness, but am sup-
ported by a full conviction that the 
step is compatible with both. 
The acceptance of, and continuance 
hitherto in, the office to which your 
suffrages have twice called me have 
been a uniform sacrifice of inclination 
to the opinion of duty and to a def-
erence for what appeared to be your de-
sire. I constantly hoped that it would 
have been much earlier in my power, 
consistently with motives which I was 
not at liberty to disregard, to return to 
that retirement from which I had been 
reluctantly drawn. The strength of my 
inclination to do this, previous to the 
last election, had even led to the prepa-
ration of an address to declare it to 
you; but mature reflection on the then 
perplexed and critical posture of our 
affairs with foreign nations, and the 
unanimous advice of persons entitled 
to my confidence, impelled me to aban-
don the idea. 
I rejoice that the state of your con-
cerns, external as well as internal, no 
longer renders the pursuit of inclina-
tion incompatible with the sentiment 
of duty or propriety and am persuaded, 
whatever partiality may be retained 
for my services, that in the present cir-
cumstances of our country you will not 
disapprove my determination to retire. 
The impressions with which I first 
undertook the arduous trust were ex-
plained on the proper occasion. In the 
discharge of this trust, I will only say 
that I have, with good intentions, con-
tributed towards the organization and 
administration of the government the 
best exertions of which a very fallible 
judgment was capable. Not unconscious 
in the outset of the inferiority of my 
qualifications, experience in my own 
eyes, perhaps still more in the eyes of 
others, has strengthened the motives 
to diffidence of myself, and every day 
the increasing weight of years admon-
ishes me more and more that the shade 
of retirement is as necessary to me as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:27 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.000
S22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 10-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S752 
February 22, 2021 
it will be welcome. Satisfied that if 
any circumstances have given peculiar 
value to my services, they were tem-
porary, I have the consolation to be-
lieve that, while choice and prudence 
invite me to quit the political scene, 
patriotism does not forbid it. 
In looking forward to the moment 
which is intended to terminate the ca-
reer of my public life, my feelings do 
not permit me to suspend the deep ac-
knowledgment of that debt of gratitude 
which I owe to my beloved country for 
the many honors it has conferred upon 
me, still more for the steadfast con-
fidence with which it has supported me 
and for the opportunities I have thence 
enjoyed of manifesting my inviolable 
attachment by services faithful and 
persevering, though in usefulness un-
equal to my zeal. If benefits have re-
sulted to our country from these serv-
ices, let it always be remembered to 
your praise and as an instructive exam-
ple in our annals that, under cir-
cumstances in which the passions agi-
tated in every direction were liable to 
mislead, 
amidst 
appearances 
some-
times dubious, vicissitudes of fortune 
often discouraging, in situations in 
which not unfrequently want of success 
has countenanced the spirit of criti-
cism, the constancy of your support 
was the essential prop of the efforts 
and a guarantee of the plans by which 
they were effected. Profoundly pene-
trated with this idea, I shall carry it 
with me to my grave as a strong incite-
ment to unceasing vows that Heaven 
may continue to you the choicest to-
kens of its beneficence; that your 
union and brotherly affection may be 
perpetual; that the free constitution, 
which is the work of your hands, may 
be sacredly maintained; that its admin-
istration in every department may be 
stamped with wisdom and virtue; that, 
in fine, the happiness of the people of 
these states, under the auspices of lib-
erty, may be made complete by so care-
ful a preservation and so prudent a use 
of this blessing as will acquire to them 
the glory of recommending it to the ap-
plause, the affection, and adoption of 
every nation which is yet a stranger to 
it. 
Here, perhaps, I ought to stop. But a 
solicitude for your welfare, which can-
not end but with my life, and the ap-
prehension of danger natural to that 
solicitude, urge me on an occasion like 
the present to offer to your solemn 
contemplation, and to recommend to 
your frequent review, some sentiments 
which are the result of much reflec-
tion, of no inconsiderable observation, 
and which appear to me all important 
to the permanency of your felicity as a 
people. These will be offered to you 
with the more freedom as you can only 
see in them the disinterested warnings 
of a parting friend, who can possibly 
have no personal motive to bias his 
counsel. Nor can I forget, as an encour-
agement to it, your indulgent recep-
tion of my sentiments on a former and 
not dissimilar occasion. 
Interwoven as is the love of liberty 
with every ligament of your hearts, no 
recommendation of mine is necessary 
to fortify or confirm the attachment. 
The unity of government which con-
stitutes you one people is also now 
dear to you. It is justly so; for it is a 
main pillar in the edifice of your real 
independence, the support of your tran-
quility at home, your peace abroad, of 
your safety, of your prosperity, of that 
very liberty which you so highly prize. 
But as it is easy to foresee that, from 
different causes and from different 
quarters, much pains will be taken, 
many artifices employed, to weaken in 
your minds the conviction of this 
truth; as this is the point in your polit-
ical fortress against which the bat-
teries of internal and external enemies 
will be most constantly and actively 
(though often covertly and insidiously) 
directed, it is of infinite moment that 
you should properly estimate the im-
mense value of your national Union to 
your collective and individual happi-
ness; that you should cherish a cordial, 
habitual, and immovable attachment 
to it; accustoming yourselves to think 
and speak of it as of the palladium of 
your political safety and prosperity; 
watching for its preservation with jeal-
ous anxiety; discountenancing what-
ever may suggest even a suspicion that 
it can in any event be abandoned; and 
indignantly frowning upon the first 
dawning of every attempt to alienate 
any portion of our country from the 
rest, or to enfeeble the sacred ties 
which now link together the various 
parts. 
For this you have every inducement 
of sympathy and interest. Citizens by 
birth or choice of a common country, 
that country has a right to concentrate 
your affections. The name of American, 
which belongs to you in your national 
capacity, must always exalt the just 
pride of patriotism more than any ap-
pellation derived from local discrimi-
nations. With slight shades of dif-
ference, you have the same religion, 
manners, habits, and political prin-
ciples. You have in a common cause 
fought and triumphed together. The 
independence and liberty you possess 
are the work of joint councils and joint 
efforts—of common dangers, sufferings, 
and successes. 
But these considerations, however 
powerfully they address themselves to 
your 
sensibility, 
are 
greatly 
out-
weighed by those which apply more im-
mediately to your interest. Here every 
portion of our country finds the most 
commanding 
motives 
for 
carefully 
guarding and preserving the Union of 
the whole. 
The North, in an unrestrained inter-
course with the South, protected by the 
equal laws of a common government, 
finds in the productions of the latter 
great additional resources of maritime 
and commercial enterprise and pre-
cious materials of manufacturing in-
dustry. The South in the same inter-
course, benefitting by the agency of 
the North, sees its agriculture grow and 
its commerce expand. Turning partly 
into its own channels the seamen of 
the North, it finds its particular navi-
gation invigorated; and while it con-
tributes, in different ways, to nourish 
and increase the general mass of the 
national navigation, it looks forward 
to 
the 
protection 
of 
a 
maritime 
strength to which itself is unequally 
adapted. The East, in a like intercourse 
with the West, already finds, and in the 
progressive improvement of interior 
communications by land and water will 
more and more find a valuable vent for 
the commodities which it brings from 
abroad or manufactures at home. The 
West derives from the East supplies req-
uisite to its growth and comfort—and 
what is perhaps of still greater con-
sequence, it must of necessity owe the 
secure enjoyment of indispensable out-
lets for its own productions to the 
weight, influence, and the future mari-
time strength of the Atlantic side of 
the Union, directed by an indissoluble 
community of interest as one nation. 
Any other tenure by which the West 
can hold this essential advantage, 
whether derived from its own separate 
strength or from an apostate and un-
natural connection with any foreign 
power, must be intrinsically precar-
ious. 
While then every part of our country 
thus feels an immediate and particular 
interest in union, all the parts com-
bined cannot fail to find in the united 
mass of means and efforts greater 
strength, greater resource, proportion-
ably greater security from external 
danger, a less frequent interruption of 
their peace by foreign nations; and, 
what is of inestimable value! they must 
derive from union an exemption from 
those broils and wars between them-
selves 
which 
so 
frequently 
afflict 
neighboring countries not tied together 
by the same government, which their 
own rivalships alone would be suffi-
cient to produce, but which opposite 
foreign alliances, attachments, and in-
trigues would stimulate and embitter. 
Hence likewise they will avoid the ne-
cessity of those overgrown military es-
tablishments, which under any form of 
government are inauspicious to liberty, 
and which are to be regarded as par-
ticularly hostile to republican liberty. 
In this sense it is, that your Union 
ought to be considered as a main prop 
of your liberty, and that the love of the 
one ought to endear to you the preser-
vation of the other. 
These considerations speak a persua-
sive language to every reflecting and 
virtuous mind and exhibit the continu-
ance of the Union as a primary object 
of patriotic desire. Is there a doubt 
whether a common government can 
embrace so large a sphere? Let experi-
ence solve it. To listen to mere specu-
lation in such a case were criminal. We 
are authorized to hope that a proper 
organization of the whole, with the 
auxiliary agency of governments for 
the respective subdivisions, will afford 
a happy issue to the experiment. It is 
well worth a fair and full experiment. 
With such powerful and obvious mo-
tives to union affecting all parts of our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:27 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.061
S22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 11-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S753 
February 22, 2021 
country, while experience shall not 
have 
demonstrated 
its 
imprac-
ticability, there will always be reason 
to distrust the patriotism of those who 
in any quarter may endeavor to weak-
en its bands. 
In contemplating the causes which 
may disturb our Union, it occurs as 
matter of serious concern that any 
ground should have been furnished for 
characterizing parties by geographical 
discriminations—northern and southern— 
Atlantic and western; whence designing 
men may endeavor to excite a belief 
that there is a real difference of local 
interests and views. One of the expedi-
ents of party to acquire influence with-
in particular districts is to misrepre-
sent the opinions and aims of other dis-
tricts. You cannot shield yourselves 
too much against the jealousies and 
heart burnings which spring from these 
misrepresentations. 
They 
tend 
to 
render alien to each other those who 
ought to be bound together by fra-
ternal affection. The inhabitants of our 
western country have lately had a use-
ful lesson on this head. They have seen 
in the negotiation by the executive— 
and in the unanimous ratification by 
the Senate—of the treaty with Spain, 
and in the universal satisfaction at 
that event throughout the United 
States, a decisive proof how unfounded 
were the suspicions propagated among 
them of a policy in the general govern-
ment and in the Atlantic states un-
friendly to their interests in regard to 
the Mississippi. They have been wit-
nesses to the formation of two treaties, 
that with Great Britain and that with 
Spain, which secure to them every-
thing they could desire, in respect to 
our foreign relations, towards con-
firming their prosperity. Will it not be 
their wisdom to rely for the preserva-
tion of these advantages on the Union 
by which they were procured? Will they 
not henceforth be deaf to those advis-
ers, if such there are, who would sever 
them from their brethren and connect 
them with aliens? 
To the efficacy and permanency of 
your Union, a government for the 
whole is indispensable. No alliances, 
however strict, between the parts can 
be an adequate substitute. They must 
inevitably experience the infractions 
and interruptions which all alliances in 
all times have experienced. Sensible of 
this momentous truth, you have im-
proved upon your first essay by the 
adoption of a Constitution of govern-
ment 
better 
calculated 
than 
your 
former for an intimate Union and for 
the efficacious management of your 
common concerns. This government, 
the 
offspring 
of 
our 
own 
choice 
uninfluenced 
and 
unawed, 
adopted 
upon full investigation and mature de-
liberation, completely free in its prin-
ciples, in the distribution of its powers 
uniting security with energy, and con-
taining within itself a provision for its 
own amendment, has a just claim to 
your confidence and your support. Re-
spect for its authority, compliance 
with its laws, acquiescence in its meas-
ures, are duties enjoined by the funda-
mental maxims of true liberty. The 
basis of our political systems is the 
right of the people to make and to 
alter their constitutions of govern-
ment. But the Constitution which at 
any time exists, until changed by an 
explicit and authentic act of the whole 
people, is sacredly obligatory upon all. 
The very idea of the power and the 
right of the people to establish govern-
ment presupposes the duty of every in-
dividual to obey the established gov-
ernment. 
All obstructions to the execution of 
the laws, all combinations and associa-
tions under whatever plausible char-
acter with the real design to direct, 
control, counteract, or awe the regular 
deliberation and action of the con-
stituted authorities, are destructive of 
this fundamental principle and of fatal 
tendency. They serve to organize fac-
tion; to give it an artificial and ex-
traordinary force; to put in the place of 
the delegated will of the nation the 
will of a party, often a small but artful 
and enterprising minority of the com-
munity; and, according to the alter-
nate triumphs of different parties, to 
make the public administration the 
mirror of the ill concerted and incon-
gruous projects of faction, rather than 
the organ of consistent and wholesome 
plans digested by common councils and 
modified by mutual interests. However 
combinations or associations of the 
above description may now and then 
answer popular ends, they are likely, in 
the course of time and things, to be-
come potent engines by which cunning, 
ambitious, and unprincipled men will 
be enabled to subvert the power of the 
people and to usurp for themselves the 
reins of government, destroying after-
wards the very engines which have lift-
ed them to unjust dominion. 
Towards the preservation of your 
government and the permanency of 
your present happy state, it is req-
uisite not only that you steadily dis-
countenance irregular oppositions to 
its acknowledged authority but also 
that you resist with care the spirit of 
innovation upon its principles, however 
specious the pretexts. One method of 
assault may be to effect in the forms of 
the Constitution alterations which will 
impair the energy of the system and 
thus to undermine what cannot be di-
rectly overthrown. In all the changes 
to which you may be invited, remem-
ber that time and habit are at least as 
necessary to fix the true character of 
governments as of other human insti-
tutions, that experience is the surest 
standard by which to test the real 
tendency of the existing constitution 
of a country, that facility in changes 
upon the credit of mere hypotheses and 
opinion exposes to perpetual change 
from the endless variety of hypotheses 
and opinion; and remember, especially, 
that for the efficient management of 
your common interests in a country so 
extensive as ours, a government of as 
much vigor as is consistent with the 
perfect security of liberty is indispen-
sable; liberty itself will find in such a 
government, with powers properly dis-
tributed and adjusted, its surest guard-
ian. It is indeed little else than a name, 
where the government is too feeble to 
withstand the enterprises of faction, to 
confine each member of the society 
within the limits prescribed by the 
laws, and to maintain all in the secure 
and tranquil enjoyment of the rights of 
person and property. 
I have already intimated to you the 
danger of parties in the state, with par-
ticular reference to the founding of 
them on geographical discriminations. 
Let me now take a more comprehen-
sive view and warn you in the most sol-
emn manner against the baneful effects 
of the spirit of party, generally. 
This spirit, unfortunately, is insepa-
rable from our nature, having its root 
in the strongest passions of the human 
mind. It exists under different shapes 
in all governments, more or less sti-
fled, controlled, or repressed; but in 
those of the popular form it is seen in 
its greatest rankness and is truly their 
worst enemy. 
The alternate domination of one fac-
tion over another, sharpened by the 
spirit of revenge natural to party dis-
sension, which in different ages and 
countries has perpetrated the most 
horrid enormities, is itself a frightful 
despotism. But this leads at length to a 
more formal and permanent despotism. 
The disorders and miseries which re-
sult gradually incline the minds of men 
to seek security and repose in the abso-
lute power of an individual; and sooner 
or later the chief of some prevailing 
faction, more able or more fortunate 
than his competitors, turns this dis-
position to the purposes of his own ele-
vation on the ruins of public liberty. 
Without looking forward to an ex-
tremity of this kind (which neverthe-
less ought not to be entirely out of 
sight) the common and continual mis-
chiefs of the spirit of party are suffi-
cient to make it the interest and the 
duty of a wise people to discourage and 
restrain it. 
It serves always to distract the pub-
lic councils and enfeeble the public ad-
ministration. It agitates the commu-
nity with ill founded jealousies and 
false alarms, kindles the animosity of 
one part against another, foments oc-
casionally riot and insurrection. It 
opens the door to foreign influence and 
corruption, which find a facilitated ac-
cess to the government itself through 
the channels of party passions. Thus 
the policy and the will of one country 
are subjected to the policy and will of 
another. 
There is an opinion that parties in 
free countries are useful checks upon 
the administration of the government 
and serve to keep alive the spirit of lib-
erty. This within certain limits is prob-
ably true—and in governments of a mo-
narchical cast patriotism may look 
with indulgence, if not with favor, 
upon the spirit of party. But in those of 
the popular character, in governments 
purely elective, it is a spirit not to be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:27 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.062
S22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 12-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S754 
February 22, 2021 
encouraged. From their natural tend-
ency, it is certain there will always be 
enough of that spirit for every salutary 
purpose. And there being constant dan-
ger of excess, the effort ought to be by 
force of public opinion to mitigate and 
assuage it. A fire not to be quenched, it 
demands a uniform vigilance to pre-
vent its bursting into a flame, lest in-
stead of warming it should consume. 
It is important, likewise, that the 
habits of thinking in a free country 
should inspire caution in those en-
trusted with its administration to con-
fine themselves within their respective 
constitutional spheres, avoiding in the 
exercise of the powers of one depart-
ment to encroach upon another. The 
spirit of encroachment tends to con-
solidate the powers of all the depart-
ments in one and thus to create, what-
ever the form of government, a real 
despotism. A just estimate of that love 
of power and proneness to abuse it 
which predominates in the human 
heart is sufficient to satisfy us of the 
truth of this position. The necessity of 
reciprocal checks in the exercise of po-
litical power, by dividing and distrib-
uting it into different depositories and 
constituting each the guardian of the 
public weal against invasions by the 
others, has been evinced by experi-
ments ancient and modern, some of 
them in our country and under our own 
eyes. To preserve them must be as nec-
essary as to institute them. If in the 
opinion of the people the distribution 
or modification of the constitutional 
powers be in any particular wrong, let 
it be corrected by an amendment in the 
way which the Constitution designates. 
But let there be no change by usurpa-
tion; for though this, in one instance, 
may be the instrument of good, it is 
the customary weapon by which free 
governments are destroyed. The prece-
dent must always greatly overbalance 
in permanent evil any partial or tran-
sient benefit which the use can at any 
time yield. 
Of all the dispositions and habits 
which lead to political prosperity, reli-
gion and morality are indispensable 
supports. In vain would that man claim 
the tribute of patriotism who should 
labor to subvert these great pillars of 
human happiness, these firmest props 
of the duties of men and citizens. The 
mere politician, equally with the pious 
man, ought to respect and to cherish 
them. A volume could not trace all 
their connections with private and pub-
lic felicity. Let it simply be asked 
where is the security for property, for 
reputation, for life, if the sense of reli-
gious 
obligation 
desert 
the 
oaths, 
which are the instruments of investiga-
tion in courts of justice? And let us 
with caution indulge the supposition 
that morality can be maintained with-
out religion. Whatever may be con-
ceded to the influence of refined edu-
cation on minds of peculiar structure, 
reason and experience both forbid us to 
expect that national morality can pre-
vail in exclusion of religious principle. 
It is substantially true that virtue or 
morality is a necessary spring of pop-
ular government. The rule indeed ex-
tends with more or less force to every 
species of free government. Who that is 
a sincere friend to it can look with in-
difference upon attempts to shake the 
foundation of the fabric? 
Promote then, as an object of pri-
mary importance, institutions for the 
general diffusion of knowledge. In pro-
portion as the structure of a govern-
ment gives force to public opinion, it is 
essential that public opinion should be 
enlightened. 
As 
a 
very 
important 
source 
of 
strength and security, cherish public 
credit. One method of preserving it is 
to use it as sparingly as possible, 
avoiding occasions of expense by culti-
vating peace, but remembering also 
that timely disbursements to prepare 
for danger frequently prevent much 
greater 
disbursements 
to 
repel 
it; 
avoiding likewise the accumulation of 
debt, not only by shunning occasions of 
expense, but by vigorous exertions in 
time of peace to discharge the debts 
which unavoidable wars may have oc-
casioned, not ungenerously throwing 
upon posterity the burden which we 
ourselves ought to bear. The execution 
of these maxims belongs to your rep-
resentatives, but it is necessary that 
public opinion should cooperate. To fa-
cilitate to them the performance of 
their duty, it is essential that you 
should practically bear in mind that 
towards the payment of debts there 
must be revenue; that to have revenue 
there must be taxes; that no taxes can 
be devised which are not more or less 
inconvenient and unpleasant; that the 
intrinsic embarrassment inseparable 
from the selection of the proper objects 
(which is always a choice of difficul-
ties) ought to be a decisive motive for 
a candid construction of the conduct of 
the government in making it, and for a 
spirit of acquiescence in the measures 
for obtaining revenue which the public 
exigencies may at any time dictate. 
Observe good faith and justice to-
wards all nations; cultivate peace and 
harmony with all; religion and moral-
ity enjoin this conduct, and can it be 
that good policy does not equally en-
join it? It will be worthy of a free, en-
lightened, and, at no distant period, a 
great nation, to give to mankind the 
magnanimous and too novel example of 
a people always guided by an exalted 
justice and benevolence. Who can doubt 
that in the course of time and things 
the fruits of such a plan would richly 
repay any temporary advantages which 
might be lost by a steady adherence to 
it? Can it be, that Providence has not 
connected the permanent felicity of a 
nation with its virtue? The experiment, 
at least, is recommended by every sen-
timent which ennobles human nature. 
Alas! is it rendered impossible by its 
vices? 
In the execution of such a plan noth-
ing is more essential than that perma-
nent, inveterate antipathies against 
particular nations and passionate at-
tachments for others should be ex-
cluded and that in place of them just 
and 
amicable 
feelings 
towards 
all 
should be cultivated. The nation which 
indulges towards another an habitual 
hatred, or an habitual fondness, is in 
some degree a slave. It is a slave to its 
animosity or to its affection, either of 
which is sufficient to lead it astray 
from its duty and its interest. Antip-
athy in one nation against another dis-
poses each more readily to offer insult 
and injury, to lay hold of slight causes 
of umbrage, and to be haughty and in-
tractable when accidental or trifling 
occasions of dispute occur. Hence fre-
quent collisions, obstinate, envenomed, 
and 
bloody 
contests. 
The 
nation, 
prompted by ill will and resentment, 
sometimes impels to war the govern-
ment, contrary to the best calculations 
of policy. The government sometimes 
participates in the national propensity 
and adopts through passion what rea-
son would reject; at other times, it 
makes the animosity of the nation sub-
servient to projects of hostility insti-
gated by pride, ambition and other sin-
ister and pernicious motives. The peace 
often, sometimes perhaps the liberty, 
of nations has been the victim. 
So likewise, a passionate attachment 
of one nation for another produces a 
variety of evils. Sympathy for the fa-
vorite nation, facilitating the illusion 
of an imaginary common interest in 
cases where no real common interest 
exists and infusing into one the enmi-
ties of the other, betrays the former 
into a participation in the quarrels and 
wars of the latter, without adequate in-
ducement or justification. It leads also 
to concessions to the favorite nation of 
privileges denied to others, which is 
apt doubly to injure the nation making 
the concessions, by unnecessarily part-
ing with what ought to have been re-
tained and by exciting jealousy, ill 
will, and a disposition to retaliate in 
the parties from whom equal privileges 
are withheld. And it gives to ambi-
tious, corrupted, or deluded citizens 
(who devote themselves to the favorite 
nation) facility to betray or sacrifice 
the interests of their own country 
without odium, sometimes even with 
popularity, gilding with the appear-
ances of a virtuous sense of obligation, 
a commendable deference for public 
opinion, or a laudable zeal for public 
good, the base or foolish compliances 
of ambition, corruption, or infatuation. 
As avenues to foreign influence in in-
numerable ways, such attachments are 
particularly alarming to the truly en-
lightened and independent patriot. How 
many opportunities do they afford to 
tamper with domestic factions, to prac-
tice the arts of seduction, to mislead 
public opinion, to influence or awe the 
public councils! Such an attachment of 
a small or weak towards a great and 
powerful nation dooms the former to be 
the satellite of the latter. 
Against the insidious wiles of foreign 
influence (I conjure you to believe me, 
fellow citizens) the jealousy of a free 
people ought to be constantly awake, 
since history and experience prove that 
foreign influence is one of the most 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:27 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00004
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.062
S22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 13-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S755 
February 22, 2021 
baneful foes of republican government. 
But that jealousy to be useful must be 
impartial; else it becomes the instru-
ment of the very influence to be avoid-
ed, instead of a defense against it. Ex-
cessive partiality for one foreign na-
tion and excessive dislike of another 
cause those whom they actuate to see 
danger only on one side, and serve to 
veil and even second the arts of influ-
ence on the other. Real patriots, who 
may resist the intrigues of the favor-
ite, are liable to become suspected and 
odious, while its tools and dupes usurp 
the applause and confidence of the peo-
ple to surrender their interests. 
The great rule of conduct for us in re-
gard to foreign nations is, in extending 
our commercial relations, to have with 
them as little political connection as 
possible. So far as we have already 
formed engagements, let them be ful-
filled with perfect good faith. Here let 
us stop. 
Europe has a set of primary inter-
ests, which to us have none or a very 
remote relation. Hence she must be en-
gaged in frequent controversies, the 
causes of which are essentially foreign 
to our concerns. Hence therefore it 
must be unwise in us to implicate our-
selves, by artificial ties, in the ordi-
nary vicissitudes of her politics or the 
ordinary combinations and collisions of 
her friendships or enmities. 
Our detached and distant situation 
invites and enables us to pursue a dif-
ferent course. If we remain one people 
under an efficient government, the pe-
riod is not far off when we may defy 
material injury from external annoy-
ance; when we may take such an atti-
tude as will cause the neutrality we 
may at any time resolve upon to be 
scrupulously respected; when bellig-
erent nations, under the impossibility 
of making acquisitions upon us, will 
not lightly hazard the giving us provo-
cation; when we may choose peace or 
war, as our interest guided by justice 
shall counsel. 
Why forgo the advantages of so pecu-
liar a situation? Why quit our own to 
stand upon foreign ground? Why, by 
interweaving our destiny with that of 
any part of Europe, entangle our peace 
and prosperity in the toils of European 
ambition, rival-ship, interest, humor, 
or caprice? 
It is our true policy to steer clear of 
permanent alliances with any portion 
of the foreign world—so far, I mean, as 
we are now at liberty to do it, for let 
me not be understood as capable of pa-
tronizing infidelity to existing engage-
ments (I hold the maxim no less appli-
cable to public than to private affairs, 
that honesty is always the best pol-
icy)—I repeat it therefore, let those en-
gagements be observed in their genuine 
sense. But in my opinion it is unneces-
sary and would be unwise to extend 
them. 
Taking care always to keep our-
selves, by suitable establishments, on a 
respectably defensive posture, we may 
safely trust to temporary alliances for 
extraordinary emergencies. 
Harmony, liberal intercourse with all 
nations, are recommended by policy, 
humanity, and interest. But even our 
commercial policy should hold an 
equal and impartial hand: neither seek-
ing nor granting exclusive favors or 
preferences; consulting the natural 
course of things; diffusing and diversi-
fying by gentle means the streams of 
commerce but forcing nothing; estab-
lishing with powers so disposed—in 
order to give to trade a stable course, 
to define the rights of our merchants, 
and to enable the government to sup-
port them—conventional rules of inter-
course, the best that present cir-
cumstances and mutual opinion will 
permit, but temporary, and liable to be 
from time to time abandoned or varied, 
as experience and circumstances shall 
dictate; constantly keeping in view, 
that it is folly in one nation to look for 
disinterested favors from another— 
that it must pay with a portion of its 
independence for whatever it may ac-
cept under that character—that by 
such acceptance it may place itself in 
the condition of having given equiva-
lents for nominal favors and yet of 
being reproached with ingratitude for 
not giving more. There can be no great-
er error than to expect or calculate 
upon real favors from nation to nation. 
It is an illusion which experience must 
cure, which a just pride ought to dis-
card. 
In offering to you, my countrymen, 
these counsels of an old and affec-
tionate friend, I dare not hope they 
will make the strong and lasting im-
pression I could wish—that they will 
control the usual current of the pas-
sions or prevent our nation from run-
ning the course which has hitherto 
marked the destiny of nations. But if I 
may even flatter myself that they may 
be productive of some partial benefit, 
some occasional good, that they may 
now and then recur to moderate the 
fury of party spirit, to warn against 
the mischiefs of foreign intrigue, to 
guard against the impostures of pre-
tended patriotism—this hope will be a 
full recompense for the solicitude for 
your welfare by which they have been 
dictated. 
How far in the discharge of my offi-
cial duties I have been guided by the 
principles which have been delineated, 
the public records and other evidences 
of my conduct must witness to you and 
to the world. To myself, the assurance 
of my own conscience is that I have at 
least believed myself to be guided by 
them. 
In relation to the still subsisting war 
in Europe, my proclamation of the 22d 
of April 1793 is the index to my plan. 
Sanctioned by your approving voice 
and by that of your representatives in 
both houses of Congress, the spirit of 
that measure has continually governed 
me, uninfluenced by any attempts to 
deter or divert me from it. 
After deliberate examination with 
the aid of the best lights I could ob-
tain, I was well satisfied that our coun-
try, under all the circumstances of the 
case, had a right to take—and was 
bound in duty and interest to take—a 
neutral position. Having taken it, I de-
termined, as far as should depend upon 
me, to maintain it with moderation, 
perseverence, and firmness. 
The considerations which respect the 
right to hold this conduct it is not nec-
essary on this occasion to detail. I will 
only observe that, according to my un-
derstanding of the matter, that right, 
so far from being denied by any of the 
belligerent powers, has been virtually 
admitted by all. 
The duty of holding a neutral con-
duct may be inferred, without anything 
more, from the obligation which jus-
tice and humanity impose on every na-
tion, in cases in which it is free to act, 
to maintain inviolate the relations of 
peace and amity towards other nations. 
The inducements of interest for ob-
serving that conduct will best be re-
ferred to your own reflections and ex-
perience. With me, a predominant mo-
tive has been to endeavor to gain time 
to our country to settle and mature its 
yet recent institutions and to progress 
without interruption to that degree of 
strength and consistency which is nec-
essary to give it, humanly speaking, 
the command of its own fortunes. 
Though in reviewing the incidents of 
my administration I am unconscious of 
intentional error, I am nevertheless 
too sensible of my defects not to think 
it probable that I may have committed 
many errors. Whatever they may be, I 
fervently beseech the Almighty to 
avert or mitigate the evils to which 
they may tend. I shall also carry with 
me the hope that my country will 
never cease to view them with indul-
gence and that, after forty-five years of 
my life dedicated to its service with an 
upright zeal, the faults of incompetent 
abilities will be consigned to oblivion, 
as myself must soon be to the man-
sions of rest. 
Relying on its kindness in this as in 
other things, and actuated by that fer-
vent love towards it which is so nat-
ural to a man who views in it the na-
tive soil of himself and his progenitors 
for several generations, I anticipate 
with pleasing expectation that retreat, 
in which I promise myself to realize 
without alloy the sweet enjoyment of 
partaking in the midst of my fellow 
citizens the benign influence of good 
laws under a free government—the ever 
favorite object of my heart, and the 
happy reward, as I trust, of our mutual 
cares, labors and dangers. 
GEO. WASHINGTON.
UNITED STATES, 19th September 1796. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Under the previous order, morn-
ing business is closed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:27 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00005
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.063
S22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 14-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S756 
February 22, 2021 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Under the previous order, the 
Senate will proceed to executive ses-
sion to consider the following nomina-
tion, which the clerk will report. 
The bill clerk read the nomination of 
Linda 
Thomas-Greenfield, 
of 
Lou-
isiana, to be the Representative of the 
United States of America to the United 
Nations, with the rank and status of 
the Ambassador Extraordinary and 
Plenipotentiary, and the Representa-
tive of the United States of America in 
the Security Council of the United Na-
tions. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
BUSINESS BEFORE THE SENATE 
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, it 
has only been a month since President 
Biden took the oath of office and 
Democrats assumed the majority in 
the Senate, but we have already taken 
some major steps to repair and rebuild 
our country. 
I said this Chamber would begin its 
work by accomplishing three imme-
diate 
tasks: 
confirming 
President 
Biden’s 
nominees, 
addressing 
the 
COVID pandemic with bold legislation, 
and conducting a fair and honest im-
peachment trial of Donald Trump. The 
Senate has made steady progress on all 
three. 
A little over a week ago, we con-
cluded the second impeachment trial of 
Donald Trump. The House managers 
presented a powerful, harrowing recon-
struction of the former President’s role 
in inciting an attack against our de-
mocracy—the greatest offense ever— 
ever—committed by a President of the 
United States. Despite the final verdict 
of this Chamber, Donald Trump de-
serves to be convicted, and I believe he 
will be convicted in the court of public 
opinion. History will judge Mr. Trump 
harshly, deservedly so, and everyone 
who condoned the dangerous final acts 
of his Presidency will live with that in 
history as well and live rather dishon-
orably. 
Even during the impeachment trial, 
the Senate advanced the ball on the 
two other priorities I mentioned. Our 
committees 
conducted 
several 
con-
firmation hearings and worked closely 
with their House colleagues to draft 
COVID relief legislation. That process 
is ongoing among Senate Members, as 
well as over in the House. Now that the 
trial is complete, we are going to move 
forward on both fronts. 
Democrats remain hard at work pre-
paring the desperately needed COVID 
relief bill, which is on track to go to 
the President’s desk before the March 
14 expiration of unemployment insur-
ance 
benefits, 
and 
starting 
this 
evening, the Senate will continue the 
process of confirming President Biden’s 
nominees with a vote on Linda Thom-
as-Greenfield to serve as the next U.N. 
Ambassador. 
Ms. 
Thomas-Greenfield 
has 
spent 
three decades in the U.S. Foreign Serv-
ice. She is exceptionally qualified, and 
that was reflected in the bipartisan 
support she received from the Foreign 
Relations Committee. If confirmed, she 
will assume the role of U.N. Ambas-
sador at a time when the nations of the 
world must deepen their cooperation 
on the fight against COVID–19 and the 
fight against climate change, among 
other critical priorities. She will have 
no time to waste in rebuilding Amer-
ica’s reputation and reasserting the 
first instrument of American power— 
diplomacy. I look forward to voting in 
favor of her nomination. 
After that, the Senate will imme-
diately proceed to the nomination of 
Tom Vilsack to serve as the Secretary 
of Agriculture. Mr. Vilsack is no 
stranger to the Senate confirmation 
process or to the Department of Agri-
culture in having served as its Sec-
retary under President Obama. The 
former Governor of Iowa has made a 
career out of caring for and supporting 
our Nation’s farmers. Mr. Vilsack was 
approved by the Agriculture Com-
mittee by a unanimous vote. I expect 
he will receive the same bipartisan re-
ception by the full Senate. 
For the rest of the week, we will con-
tinue to confirm Members of the Presi-
dent’s 
Cabinet: 
first, 
Jennifer 
Granholm to serve as the Secretary of 
Energy; second, Dr. Miguel Cardona to 
serve as the Secretary of Education. 
Both nominees have been advanced by 
the respective committees with bipar-
tisan votes—a pattern this week. 
At a time when our Nation is gripped 
by a once-in-a-century crisis, the Presi-
dent deserves to have his nominees ap-
proved quickly by this Chamber so 
they can immediately get to work 
healing our great country. 
CORONAVIRUS 
Madam President, on another matter 
entirely, today, the United States will 
surpass more than 500,000 deaths from 
COVID–19—a half a million souls. 
How as a nation do we grapple with 
this enormous tragedy? How do we 
even comprehend a number that big or 
a loss that great? Do we imagine five of 
our largest football stadiums, filled to 
the max, wiped out in an instant? The 
city of Atlanta or Sacramento erased 
overnight? A 9/11 attack every single 
day for 169 days in a row? 
They say a single death is a tragedy, 
but a million deaths is a statistic. We 
must not let this tragic milestone wash 
over us like just another awful sta-
tistic stacked on top of a year’s worth 
of awful statistics. Instead, we must 
treat this moment as 500,000 individual 
tragedies: the empty chair at the din-
ner table; the empty half of the bed at 
night 
that 
people 
are 
suffering 
through; 
the 
unplayed 
pianos 
and 
uncelebrated birthdays and funerals 
that were never held; the neighbors and 
colleagues and friends and family who 
died without a chance for their loved 
ones to hold their hands; the grand-
children, wrapped in protective gear, 
waving goodbye to grandparents from 
across the silence of a hospital room— 
500,000 American souls and counting. 
There is no way—no way—to properly 
account for the loss of so many lives in 
so short a time, but I would ask my fel-
low Americans to mark this terrible 
day by doing two simple things. 
First, keep in your hearts the fami-
lies who have lost a loved one. Reach 
out to that colleague or friend, and 
offer sympathy and support. Stop for a 
moment and grieve for your fellow citi-
zens or for someone you have lost per-
sonally. We all know someone who is 
gone. I learned of another one yester-
day. 
And, second, let us strive to end this 
pandemic as swiftly as possible. For us 
in the Congress, that means moving 
forward with legislation to speed vac-
cine distribution and help the Amer-
ican people during this time of eco-
nomic crisis, which is what the Amer-
ican Rescue Plan is all about, but 
every American can contribute by con-
tinuing to follow the guidelines and 
staying safe, by not losing hope or pa-
tience as we round the final corner. 
We will—we will—get through this, 
but, today, let us mourn the 500,000 
Americans we have lost and commit 
ourselves to a future when the days of 
these tragic milestones are finally and 
firmly behind us. 
I yield the floor. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The majority leader. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I 
move to proceed to legislative session. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The question is on agreeing to 
the motion. 
The motion was agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I 
move to proceed to executive session to 
consider Calendar No. 9. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The question is on agreeing to 
the motion. 
The motion was agreed to. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The clerk will report the nomina-
tion. 
The bill clerk read the nomination of 
Jennifer Mulhern Granholm, of Michi-
gan, to be Secretary of Energy. 
CLOTURE MOTION 
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I 
send a cloture motion to the desk. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The cloture motion having been 
presented under rule XXII, the Chair 
directs the clerk to read the motion. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:27 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00006
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G22FE6.005
S22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 15-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S757 
February 22, 2021 
CLOTURE MOTION 
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the 
Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby 
move to bring to a close the debate on the 
nomination of Executive Calendar No. 9, Jen-
nifer Mulhern Granholm, of Michigan, to be 
Secretary of Energy. 
Charles E. Schumer, Cory A. Booker, Jon 
Ossoff, Richard Blumenthal, Richard J. 
Durbin, Alex Padilla, Christopher A. 
Coons, Margaret Wood Hassan, Sheldon 
Whitehouse, Robert Menendez, Kirsten 
E. Gillibrand, Tim Kaine, Tammy Bald-
win, Ron Wyden, Mazie K. Hirono, 
Tammy Duckworth. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR—Continued 
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I 
now ask unanimous consent that the 
Senate resume consideration of the 
Thomas-Greenfield nomination as pro-
vided under the previous order. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Is there objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER 
The 
PRESIDING 
OFFICER 
(Ms. 
DUCKWORTH). The Republican leader is 
recognized. 
KENTUCKY 
Mr. MCCONNELL. Madam President, 
families across Kentucky are recov-
ering from a week of punishing winter 
weather. As many as 154,000 Kentuck-
ians lost heat and power, particularly 
across the eastern parts of the Com-
monwealth. Treacherous road condi-
tions and fallen power lines made it a 
challenge to get help to those in need. 
Over the weekend, we learned that 
multiple lives were tragically lost in 
the aftermath of these storms, but as 
they always do, Kentuckians sprang 
into action. 
Electric co-op linemen, first respond-
ers, and the Kentucky National Guard 
worked around the clock to clear de-
bris and to restore power. Crews set up 
warming shelters and performed count-
less wellness checks. Churches, local 
businesses, and citizens distributed 
food, blankets, and other supplies. 
So we are grateful for those who 
joined the response to help their neigh-
bors and to help them stay safe. 
Unfortunately, while temperatures 
are climbing above freezing, thousands 
remain without power. My staff and I 
continue to stay in close contact with 
local and State officials. Along with 
the rest of the Kentucky delegation, we 
are focused and ready to help in the re-
covery. 
CORONAVIRUS 
Now, on an entirely different matter, 
Madam President, the year just behind 
us will be remembered for the suf-
fering, grief, and sacrifice it forced on 
our Nation. 
Today, as our COVID–19 death toll 
passes 500,000, millions of Americans 
are feeling the pain of personal loss, 
but as we mark this terrible milestone, 
we stand here in early 2021 at what in-
creasingly appears to be a crossroads. 
Far brighter days ahead appear to be 
close at hand. 
So far, more than 63 million vaccine 
doses have been administered, and an-
other 1.8 million Americans are now re-
ceiving a shot every day. At the same 
time, the rolling average of COVID-re-
lated deaths has fallen to barely half 
its January high, and mounting evi-
dence 
suggests 
our 
economy 
is 
chomping at the bit to rebuild the 
prosperity we lost last year. 
We reached this threshold because, in 
part, of the historic bipartisan work 
Congress built just last year—from the 
job-saving Paycheck Protection Pro-
gram to Operation Warp Speed and its 
historically successful sprint toward 
vaccines, to cushioning the blow for 
unemployed Americans, and so much 
more. 
We spent roughly $4 trillion last 
year—the largest peacetime fiscal ex-
pansion in American history by far. 
And the five bills that passed the Sen-
ate passed 96 to 1, 90 to 8, 96 to 0, by 
voice vote, and 92 to 6. 
That got us to the crossroads, with a 
truly terrible 12 months behind us but 
in a better position to move forward 
than many experts had predicted. Now 
the policies that Washington puts for-
ward will help determine what kind of 
year 2021 will be for American families. 
So are we destined to spend a second 
year in a national defensive crouch? 
Are we going to surrender another 
school year to the pandemic, another 
year of elevated unemployment, an-
other year of diminished social and 
community life or—or are we going to 
plant a flag and say this is the year 
that America comes roaring back? Are 
we going to make this the year we re-
claim our lives and retake our country 
in a way that is safe and smart but de-
termined? 
Washington gets a major say on this, 
but, unfortunately, there seems to be 
some impulse on the Democratic side 
to act as though we are still stuck 
back in April of 2020, and we are going 
to be stuck there for all of 2021. 
The partisan legislation Democrats 
are preparing to ram through looks 
like something you would pass to blunt 
another year of shutdowns, not to help 
guide a smart and proactive recovery. 
It looks more like another big bandage 
for a mostly shutdown country rather 
than a launching pad to help us get 
back on offense. 
Look at schools. All the facts and 
hard evidence show that, with simple 
safety precautions, K–12 schools can 
and should be reopening safely right 
now. Yet the Biden administration is 
going out of its way to avoid getting 
kids back in school. They have their 
own experts contradicting their own 
recent statements and their own CDC 
backpedaling from the hard science, all 
to accommodate Big Labor’s goalpost- 
moving. 
Just look at the proposed money in 
their new partisan bill for K–12 schools. 
They call it an emergency relief fund, 
but just 5 percent of the money they 
want would be spent in fiscal year 2021. 
Ninety-five percent of this so-called 
emergency relief for schools would go 
out in fiscal 2022 and beyond. 
Take the economy, experts across the 
spectrum say that incomes, savings, 
job opportunities, and industry out-
looks are already rebounding. Further 
aid needs to be smartly targeted so 
government doesn’t get in the way. 
But Democrats want to double down 
on bandaid policies like they are plan-
ning for another year of stagnation, in-
stead of trying to set up success. 
Almost every part of their draft 
reads like Democrats took the things 
they ideologically wanted to spend 
money on and worked backward, in-
stead of starting with the actual state 
of the country, the actual needs of 
American families, and working toward 
that—not terribly surprising. Remem-
ber, one senior House Democrat told 
everybody last spring the pandemic 
would be ‘‘a tremendous opportunity to 
restructure things to fit our vision.’’ 
So I guess that is why they have gone 
heavy on non-COVID-related, liberal 
wish list items, like the job-killing 
minimum wage policy, the environ-
mental 
justice 
grants, 
the 
wheel-
barrows of cash for State and local gov-
ernments, multiple times any serious 
estimate of remaining need, the at-
tempts to expand taxpayer funding for 
abortions. 
They go heavy on all of that but light 
on practical solutions to get kids back 
in school, workers safely back on the 
job, and help the American people re-
claim their lives from this microscopic 
foreign invader. 
The American people do not deserve 
policies that presume 2021 will be just 
like 2020. Our Nation needs this year to 
be different. 
If the administration were interested 
in policies to make that happen, they 
would find the same kind of bipartisan 
support that every historic COVID–19 
package has received so far. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The 
PRESIDING 
OFFICER. 
The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for 
the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The senior Senator from Illinois. 
BLACK HISTORY MONTH 
Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, yes-
terday would have been John Lewis’s 
81st birthday. That a fearless young 
man, who was threatened, jailed, beat-
en half to death so many times for the 
cause of love and justice, actually lived 
to reach the age of 80 seems like a mir-
acle. 
Now, as America celebrates our first 
Black History Month since his passing, 
we miss him, but we still have the 
moral force of his message. John made 
sure of that. Two days before he died, 
he wrote an essay for the New York 
Times. He asked the paper to print his 
words on the day of his funeral—of his 
‘‘homegoing,’’ as he said. It was his 
last message to America. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:27 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00007
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G22FE6.007
S22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 16-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S758 
February 22, 2021 
In his essay John Lewis recalled how, 
when he was a little boy in Alabama, 
the threat of White supremacist vio-
lence and government-sanctioned ter-
ror was a fact of everyday life. 
He also remembered the moment 
that changed his life: hearing a young 
minister named Martin Luther King, 
Jr., on the radio. From Dr. King’s ser-
mons he learned about the philosophy 
and discipline of nonviolence. He also 
learned that when we tolerate injus-
tice, we are complicit. 
When we see something that is 
wrong, he wrote, ‘‘each of us has a 
moral obligation to stand up, speak up 
and speak out.’’ 
John Lewis spent the next 65 years 
on Earth following Dr. King’s teach-
ings. I never met anyone in my life so 
unshakably committed to nonviolence 
and the transformative power of love. 
There was another person who in-
spired John Lewis to spend his life get-
ting into what he called ‘‘good trou-
ble.’’ He said he was inspired into the 
movement to end America’s brutal his-
tory of race discrimination by the bru-
tal death of Emmett Till in Mississippi 
in 1955. When Emmett Till was brutally 
murdered for supposedly whistling at a 
White woman, he was only 14 years old. 
John Lewis was 15. 
Emmett Till had traveled to Mis-
sissippi that summer to visit relatives 
from his home on the South Side of 
Chicago. When his body was returned 
to his grieving mother, Mamie Till, she 
made a decision that changed the 
world. She demanded that her son’s 
coffin remain open at his funeral so 
that the world could see what hatred 
and racism had done to her only child. 
Emmitt Till’s murder and Mamie 
Till’s courage launched the civil rights 
movement of the mid-20th century. It 
was one of the greatest periods of ra-
cial reckoning in our Nation’s history. 
Just 3 months later, Rosa Parks re-
fused to give up her seat on a Mont-
gomery, AL, bus. She said that she 
thought of Emmett Till, and that cour-
age covered her like a quilted blanket. 
Earlier this month, the city of Chi-
cago designated the home in which Em-
mett and Mamie Till lived as a city 
historical site. There are plans to pre-
serve it as a museum. 
Five years ago, the Smithsonian Mu-
seum of African American History and 
Culture opened in Washington, DC. It 
represents America’s first official at-
tempt to tell the story of African 
Americans. But you don’t have to go to 
a museum to see evidence of racial in-
justice in America or to see people 
bravely getting into ‘‘good trouble’’ for 
justice. You see that all around us. 
Nine days before he died, weak from 
his chemo treatment, John Lewis made 
his last public appearance at the newly 
renamed Black Lives Matter Plaza in 
front of the White House. He explained 
the reason for his visit in his final let-
ter to America. It begins with these 
words: ‘‘While my time here has now 
come to an end, I want you to know 
that in the last days and hours of my 
life you inspired me. You filled me 
with hope about the next chapter of 
the great American story when you 
used your power to make a difference 
in our society.’’ 
Lewis went on: ‘‘That is why I had to 
visit Black Lives Matter Plaza in 
Washington. . . . I just had to see and 
feel it for myself that, after many 
years of silent witness, the truth is 
still marching on.’’ 
John Lewis drew a direct line from 
the civil rights movement to the Black 
Lives Matter protest of today, and he 
said: ‘‘Emmett Till was my George 
Floyd. He was my Rayshard Brooks, 
Sandra Bland and Breonna Taylor.’’ 
As we celebrate this month, we can 
see the ravages of racial injustice in 
this pandemic, which has hit our Black 
and Brown brothers and sisters with a 
disproportionate 
ferocity. 
African 
Americans still live sicker and die 
younger in America. The average Black 
family still possesses only a fraction of 
the wealth of White families, even 
after a lifetime of backbreaking work. 
African Americans still face voter sup-
pression and intimidation a half-cen-
tury after John Lewis fought for voting 
rights. 
Just weeks ago, White nationalists 
helped lead an armed insurrection 
against our democracy, and a man in 
that mob paraded a Confederate battle 
flag through the halls of this Capitol. 
We have work to do. 
Truly, we have things to celebrate. 
Black history in America is a record of 
brutal subjugation, racial violence, and 
discrimination, but it is also the story 
of resilient people who survived those 
horrors and created a rich and vibrant 
culture. From Crispus Attucks, the 
first American who gave his life in the 
Revolutionary War, to Officer Eugene 
Goodman, one of the heroes in the Jan-
uary 6 insurrection; from Sojourner 
Truth and Harriet Tubman to Vice 
President KAMALA
HARRIS; from the 
enslaved people who built this Capitol 
and the White House to Barack Obama, 
our first Black President; from John 
Lewis, the youngest speaker at the 
March on Washington, to Amanda Gor-
don, the youngest inaugural poet in 
our Nation’s history, African Ameri-
cans have enriched America in every 
field of thought and every walk of life 
and made us freer, more prosperous, 
and truer to our founding promises. I 
celebrate Black History Month. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Iowa. 
NOMINATION OF THOMAS J. VILSACK 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Madam President, 
tomorrow we are going to be taking up 
the nomination of former Iowa Gov-
ernor Tom Vilsack and former Sec-
retary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack and 
now the nominee to be Secretary of Ag-
riculture again. 
I fully support this nomination. He 
has received support from farm and 
commodity groups across the country, 
but, more important to this Senator, 
he received praise from family farmers 
in Iowa. However, a few critics of the 
former Iowa Governor have raised 
questions about his record on address-
ing racial inequities during his time as 
Secretary of Agriculture from 2009 
until 2017. I would like to take this op-
portunity to set the record straight. 
I have long worked toward ensuring 
Black farmers receive justice for the 
decades of discrimination that oc-
curred through many different admin-
istrations of the U.S. Department of 
Agriculture, 
both 
Republican 
and 
Democratic. 
People have often asked me why in 
the world a Senator from Iowa would 
get involved in this issue. While there 
aren’t many Black farmers in Iowa, my 
State has a long history of fighting 
against oppression of African Ameri-
cans dating to the Underground Rail-
road. There is no reason to stop that 
trend. 
In my first discussion with then-to- 
be Secretary of Agriculture Vilsack in 
2009, I brought up my work in what is 
called the Pigford consent decree. A 
provision I led in the 2008 farm bill en-
abled more Black farmers to bring 
their claims forward and authorized 
the U.S. Department of Agriculture 
$100 million for additional settlements. 
Mr. Vilsack at that time, talking to 
me privately, vowed then to work 
closely with me and other Senators on 
issues and then immediately got to 
work doing just that, helping Black 
farmers. Under the leadership of Sec-
retary Vilsack, the U.S. Department of 
Agriculture discovered that the $100 
million at that time appropriated 
wasn’t enough to cover the settlements 
that Black farmers were entitled to 
under that consent decree, so in 2010, 
part of Secretary Vilsack’s budget re-
quest included over $1 billion to ensure 
a robust settlement for all Black farm-
ers who were discriminated against for 
the previous two or three decades. The 
Claims Resolution Act was signed by 
President Obama in December 2010 and 
implemented successfully by Secretary 
Vilsack. 
Besides the Pigford settlements, a 
top priority during Secretary Vilsack’s 
previous tenure was ensuring a com-
prehensive plan to improve the USDA’s 
record on civil rights, and that record 
on civil rights wasn’t very good based 
upon what I have already said about 
the Pigford case but in a lot of other 
areas as well. Secretary Vilsack made 
it clear to all employees that discrimi-
nation of any form would not be toler-
ated at the U.S. Department of Agri-
culture. 
My support for justice for those who 
have faced discrimination remains con-
stant, and I am looking forward to 
working with Secretary Vilsack and 
leaders in the Congress to ensure equal 
rights for every farmer and family in 
this country. 
I am glad to have the opportunity to 
set the record straight on Secretary 
Tom Vilsack’s solid record in pursuing 
justice for victims of discrimination. 
Mr. Vilsack is the right person for 
this job. I know that Secretary Vilsack 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:27 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00008
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G22FE6.010
S22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 17-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S759 
February 22, 2021 
will continue to work for family farm-
ers and spotlight those farmers’ con-
tributions to agriculture and what ag-
riculture does for society as a whole. 
As an Iowan, that is part of Mr. 
Vilsack’s very nature. 
I urge my colleagues to confirm Sec-
retary Vilsack once again so that the 
Department of Agriculture has the nec-
essary leadership in place to continue 
the important work, and that is, sup-
porting those who feed and fuel the 
country and, indirectly, a lot of people 
around the world. 
I yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The 
PRESIDING 
OFFICER. 
The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. COTTON. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order 
for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
NOMINATION OF LINDA THOMAS-GREENFIELD 
Mr. 
COTTON. 
Madam 
President, 
today, the Senate will vote on Linda 
Thomas-Greenfield’s nomination to be 
Ambassador to the United Nations. I 
will oppose her nomination. 
The United Nations is a troubled in-
stitution. Too often, the U.N. is, at its 
best, a feckless debating society, but at 
worst—and that is more common, 
sadly—an apologist for tyranny, cor-
ruption, and hypocrisy. 
Our Ambassador must give voice to 
our interests, priorities, and the con-
science of the United States and regu-
larly confront our enemies on the 
world stage. This position requires 
foresight, judgment, and courage, the 
courage to speak truth in a den of 
liars. 
Unfortunately, Ms. Thomas-Green-
field hasn’t demonstrated these quali-
ties when it comes to the world’s most 
notorious liar: Communist China. 
Little more than a year ago, Ms. 
Thomas-Greenfield delivered a speech 
at a China-funded Confucius Institute 
at Savannah State University. In her 
remarks, she could have condemned 
China’s 
economic 
regression, 
de-
nounced China for flooding our streets 
with deadly drugs like fentanyl, ob-
jected to their ethnic cleansing of 
Uighurs and Tibetans, called for Bei-
jing to uphold its international com-
mitments to Hong Kong’s autonomy, 
or criticized their predatory lending 
practices in Africa. 
Instead, she praised China. She ex-
cused their behavior in Africa and said 
there is much the United States can 
learn from China. It is beyond me how 
anyone, especially a seasoned dip-
lomat, could utter such a grotesque 
line. America has nothing to learn 
from a genocidal, Communist tyranny. 
She excused China’s debt-trap diplo-
macy and said she could ‘‘see no rea-
son’’ why China couldn’t help spread 
values that included ‘‘good governance, 
gender equity, and the rule of law.’’ 
Gender equity? Would that include Chi-
na’s barbaric one-child policy, which 
led to the elimination of millions of 
unborn girls over decades of sex-selec-
tion abortion or China’s policy of sys-
tematic rape of religious and ethnic 
minority women in Xinjiang Province? 
Gender equity, indeed. 
She showed a similar lack of tact and 
understanding on the subject of trade 
with China. She asserted that the 
United States and China should simply 
‘‘come to an understanding’’ without 
uttering a sentence, not a word, not 
even a syllable of criticism of China’s 
unrestricted and illegal economic ag-
gression against our workers and our 
companies. 
She also asserted that ‘‘we are not in 
a [new] Cold War’’ with China. This 
statement, along with the rest of her 
speech, shows a strategic blindness 
that is disqualifying for a senior for-
eign policy post. 
Ms. Thomas-Greenfield has expressed 
regret for her speech, and some people 
say a single speech shouldn’t define an 
entire career, but this isn’t some an-
cient speech dug up from a long-lost 
era by political opponents. She gave it 
just 16 months ago. The whole world 
knew—and certainly a career diplomat 
would have known—about China’s long, 
dark, lamentable catalog of crimes 
against America, international order 
and stability, and its own people. 
And these remarks were not isolated 
mistakes or a slip of the tongue. This 
nominee has spent years minimizing 
the threat of China’s actions in Africa 
and has spoken repeatedly in favor—in 
favor of China’s Belt and Road Initia-
tive, which is a transparent ploy to 
spread Communist Chinese influence 
into other countries. 
And the Biden administration’s at-
tempts to excuse this speech have done 
her no favors. After her speech came to 
light, 
President 
Biden’s 
transition 
team stated that Ms. Thomas-Green-
field was ‘‘repulsed’’ by what she saw 
at the Confucius Institute. Really? Re-
pulsed? If that were true, why didn’t 
she speak out then? Why did she keep 
the money from the speech? 
Either President Biden’s team is mis-
leading the public or this nominee 
failed to speak up when it mattered 
most on another occasion. Neither pos-
sibility reflects favorably on the ad-
ministration or the nominee. 
To be honest, I doubt that Ms. Thom-
as-Greenfield or the administration are 
particularly ‘‘repulsed’’ by Confucius 
Institutes. That is why, after all, in his 
first week in office, President Biden 
withdrew a rule that would force uni-
versities to disclose their secret agree-
ments with Confucius Institutes. 
This was an unnecessary, undeserved, 
and unwise gift to China, as well as a 
payoff to higher education, a client and 
a patron of the Democratic Party. 
Many colleges have become addicted to 
Chinese Communist money, and the 
Biden administration isn’t about to 
shut off that gravy train. After all, Joe 
Biden’s 
son 
Hunter 
takes 
Chinese 
money, so how could he object to lib-
eral 
universities 
taking 
Chinese 
money? 
I will conclude by saying that in the 
last month, we have witnessed a grad-
ual erosion of America’s resolve in con-
fronting China. This nomination is just 
another signal of weakness to Beijing. 
Supporters of Ms. Thomas-Greenfield’s 
nomination can pretend that this dove 
has talons, but any fairminded ob-
server, and especially those in Beijing, 
know that is not true. I will oppose the 
nomination. 
I yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The 
PRESIDING 
OFFICER. 
The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order 
for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Madam President, I 
rise today to support the nomination of 
Ambassador Linda Thomas-Greenfield 
as U.S. Representative to the United 
Nations, the Security Council, and the 
General Assembly of the United Na-
tions. 
Ambassador Thomas-Greenfield’s im-
pressive career in public service makes 
her uniquely and eminently qualified 
for this role. For over 35 years, she has 
served this country faithfully and ably, 
under both Democratic and Republican 
administrations, in senior Senate-con-
firmed positions such as Ambassador to 
Liberia, Director General of the For-
eign Service, and Assistant Secretary 
of State for African Affairs. 
Ambassador Thomas-Greenfield un-
derstands at her core that foreign pol-
icy is about forging connections and 
building relationships. So I have no 
doubt that what she calls her personal 
brand of ‘‘gumbo diplomacy,’’ which 
emphasizes connecting with others to 
solve problems, will be of tremendous 
service to the United States at an in-
stitution like the United Nations, 
where personal relationships matter a 
great deal. 
Our country is truly fortunate that 
the Ambassador has agreed to return 
to public service, especially at this 
critical moment. We face an array of 
formidable challenges, both around the 
world and at the U.N., that demand 
someone with her skills and commit-
ment to democracy, good governance, 
human rights, and anti-corruption. 
Over the last 4 years, the United 
States has accrued more than $1 billion 
in peacekeeping arrears, tried to pull 
out of the World Health Organization 
in the middle of a pandemic, under-
mined international protections for 
women, girls, and LGBTI individuals, 
defunded or cut funding to key agen-
cies like the U.N. Population Fund and 
the Office of the High Commissioner 
for Human Rights, and pulled out of 
the Paris climate agreement. 
Meanwhile, China and other authori-
tarian countries have filled the vacuum 
left by our absence. We must regain 
U.S. leverage and influence at the Se-
curity Council, where Russia and China 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:27 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00009
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G22FE6.012
S22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 18-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S760 
February 22, 2021 
have used their veto powers and ability 
to bully nonpermanent members to 
stymie the Council’s work. 
They have shielded abusive regimes, 
like 
the 
criminal 
dictatorship 
of 
Nicola´s Maduro in Venezuela, and the 
government of Burma, which com-
mitted genocide against the Rohingya. 
Our loss of influence at the Security 
Council under the Trump administra-
tion was on full display in the disas-
trous attempt to extend the U.N. arms 
embargo on Iran, where the United 
States could muster only one other 
vote of support on the Council—one 
other vote—including some of our most 
longtime 
allies: 
Germany, 
France, 
Great Britain, to mention a few. It was 
an embarrassment, an embarrassment. 
Meanwhile, China has increased its 
role and activities at the United Na-
tions and in other international orga-
nizations and has worked to pervert 
and distort the core values that make 
the U.N.’s work so important, espe-
cially the U.N.’s long-held commit-
ment to human rights. 
Ambassador Thomas-Greenfield has a 
long history of expressed opposition to 
China’s use of debt-trap tactics and its 
increasingly malign presence in world 
governance bodies. 
She has spoken plainly about China’s 
authoritarian ambitions, its open hos-
tility to universal human rights and 
democratic values, and has committed 
to confronting them every step of the 
way at the United Nations. 
What the United States desperately 
needs right now at the U.N. is renewal 
and reengagement with key alliances 
and institutions. Ambassador Thomas- 
Greenfield 
has 
the 
expertise, 
the 
strength, and the character to deliver 
on these priorities, to stand up for the 
challenges that we face from China, to 
regain U.S. leverage and influence in 
the Security Council, to reengage our 
allies and hold Iran accountable, and to 
stand firm when Israel is subject to bi-
ased attacks. 
Ambassador Thomas-Greenfield has 
my full support, and I urge my col-
leagues to support the nomination. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order 
for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. MENENDEZ. I ask unanimous 
consent that the vote be held imme-
diately. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
CLOTURE MOTION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant 
to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the 
Senate the pending cloture motion, 
which the clerk will state. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION 
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the 
Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby 
move to bring to a close the debate on Cal-
endar No. 10, Linda Thomas-Greenfield, of 
Louisiana, to be the Representative of the 
United States of America to the United Na-
tions, with the rank and status of the Am-
bassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, 
and the Representative of the United States 
of America in the Security Council of the 
United Nations. 
Charles E. Schumer, Robert Menendez, 
Tina Smith, Tammy Baldwin, Thomas 
R. Carper, Sheldon Whitehouse, Pat-
rick J. Leahy, Brian Schatz, Chris-
topher A. Coons, Jack Reed, Michael F. 
Bennet, Debbie Stabenow, Chris Van 
Hollen, Ron Wyden, Martin Heinrich, 
Bernard Sanders, Edward J. Markey, 
Cory A. Booker. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-
imous consent, the mandatory quorum 
call has been waived. 
The question is, Is it the sense of the 
Senate that debate on the nomination 
of Linda Thomas-Greenfield, of Lou-
isiana, to be Representative of the 
United States of America to the United 
Nations, with the rank and status of 
Ambassador Extraordinary and Pleni-
potentiary, and the Representative of 
the United States of America in the Se-
curity Council of the United Nations, 
shall be brought to a close? 
The yeas and nays are mandatory 
under the rule. 
The clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk called the roll. 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Washington (Mrs. MUR-
RAY) is necessarily absent. 
Mr. THUNE. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator 
from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACKBURN), the 
Senator from Kansas (Mr. MORAN), the 
Senator from Kentucky (Mr. PAUL), 
and the Senator from Pennsylvania 
(Mr. TOOMEY). 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 75, 
nays 20, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 60 Ex.] 
YEAS—75 
Baldwin 
Bennet 
Blumenthal 
Blunt 
Booker 
Boozman 
Brown 
Burr 
Cantwell 
Capito 
Cardin 
Carper 
Casey 
Cassidy 
Collins 
Coons 
Cornyn 
Cortez Masto 
Crapo 
Duckworth 
Durbin 
Feinstein 
Fischer 
Gillibrand 
Graham 
Hassan 
Heinrich 
Hickenlooper 
Hirono 
Hyde-Smith 
Inhofe 
Johnson 
Kaine 
Kelly 
Kennedy 
King 
Klobuchar 
Leahy 
Lee 
Luja´n 
Manchin 
Markey 
McConnell 
Menendez 
Merkley 
Murkowski 
Murphy 
Ossoff 
Padilla 
Peters 
Portman 
Reed 
Risch 
Romney 
Rosen 
Rounds 
Sanders 
Schatz 
Schumer 
Shaheen 
Sinema 
Smith 
Stabenow 
Sullivan 
Tester 
Thune 
Tillis 
Van Hollen 
Warner 
Warnock 
Warren 
Whitehouse 
Wicker 
Wyden 
Young 
NAYS—20 
Barrasso 
Braun 
Cotton 
Cramer 
Cruz 
Daines 
Ernst 
Grassley 
Hagerty 
Hawley 
Hoeven 
Lankford 
Lummis 
Marshall 
Rubio 
Sasse 
Scott (FL) 
Scott (SC) 
Shelby 
Tuberville 
NOT VOTING—5 
Blackburn 
Moran 
Murray 
Paul 
Toomey 
The 
PRESIDING 
OFFICER 
(Mr. 
HEINRICH). On this vote, the yeas are 
75, and the nays are 20. 
The motion is agreed to. 
The majority leader. 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE 
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that upon the con-
clusion of morning business on Tues-
day, February 23, the Senate resume 
consideration of Executive Calendar 
No. 10, Linda Thomas-Greenfield; that 
at 11:30 a.m., all postcloture time on 
the Thomas-Greenfield nomination be 
considered expired and the Senate vote 
on the confirmation of the nomination; 
further, that notwithstanding the pro-
visions of rule XXII, at 2:15 p.m., the 
Senate resume consideration of Execu-
tive Calendar No. 7, Thomas Vilsack, 
with 20 minutes for debate, as provided 
under the previous order; that upon the 
use or yielding back of that time, the 
Senate vote on the confirmation of the 
Vilsack nomination; and that upon dis-
position of the Vilsack nomination and 
if cloture has been invoked on Calendar 
No. 11, the Senate vote on confirmation 
of the Thomas-Greenfield nomination; 
finally, that if any of the nominations 
are confirmed, the motions to recon-
sider be considered made and laid upon 
the table with no intervening action or 
debate and the President be imme-
diately notified of the Senate’s actions. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate 
proceed to legislative session and be in 
a period of morning business, with Sen-
ators permitted to speak therein for up 
to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO STEVE GILMORE 
Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, for 
nearly 50 years, Steve Gilmore has 
been making his mark on the city of 
Ashland. As an educator, a parks com-
missioner, and finally as a mayor, his 
contributions to northeastern Ken-
tucky have shaped a legacy anyone 
could be proud of. Today, I would like 
to recognize this incredible public serv-
ant and wish him well as he begins a 
richly deserved retirement. 
Steve got his start in public service 
at 29 as a member of the local parks 
board. In the following years, he led 
the renewal of Ashland’s public spaces, 
pushed for the repainting of its iconic 
bridges, and helped champion a major 
renovation of the riverfront. In 1978, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:42 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00010
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G22FE6.014
S22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 19-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S761 
February 22, 2021 
Steve made his first run for the city 
commission. Time and again, the peo-
ple of Ashland put their trust in him. 
In 2002, Steve became the city’s mayor. 
He made history soon after as the first 
Ashland mayoral candidate ever to run 
unopposed. 
I would like to mention one of 
Steve’s accomplishments in particular. 
Over the years, Ashland has taken tre-
mendous advantage of its geography 
and scenic beauty on the banks of the 
Ohio River. I had the opportunity to 
work with Steve about a decade ago to 
revitalize downtown Ashland and to 
make a dramatic investment into its 
river heritage. With more than $10 mil-
lion in Federal funding I brought to the 
project, Steve and his team created an 
impressive new venue right on the 
water. Now, the Veterans Riverfront 
Park is a center for recreation and en-
tertainment across the region. I am es-
pecially proud of their decision to dedi-
cate the park to the men and women 
who sacrificed to protect our country. 
Steve ended his first stretch as 
mayor with remarkable success. Then, 
he took on a new challenge as super-
intendent of Ashland Schools. He ac-
cepted the responsibility to keep mak-
ing a difference for his city not just 
today, but for years into the future. 
Thousands of students and graduates 
continue to benefit from his leadership. 
When it came time to close the book 
on his career as an educator, Steve 
knew he had more to give to his be-
loved city. In 2016, he was reelected to 
the mayor’s office. With a team of city 
commissioners and devoted public serv-
ants, Steve began once again steering 
the community toward growth. He con-
tinued renovating the face of Ashland 
and making it a destination for visitors 
and employers. 
Steve plans for a retirement filled 
with spending more time with his fam-
ily doing the things they love. Perhaps 
he will take a few more trips down to 
the river along the newly dedicated 
‘‘Steve Gilmore Way.’’ He has certainly 
earned it. On behalf of the Senate, I 
would like to express my thanks to 
Steve for his decades of service and 
leadership in Kentucky. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE ON THE 
BUDGET RULES OF PROCEDURE 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the rules of 
the Committee on the Budget for the 
117th 
Congress 
be 
printed 
in 
the 
RECORD. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the 
RECORD, as follows: 
COMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET U.S. SENATE— 
RULES FOR THE 117TH CONGRESS 
RULES OF PROCEDURE 
I. Meetings 
(1) The committee shall hold its regular 
meeting on the first Thursday of each 
month. Additional meetings may be called 
by the chair as the chair deems necessary to 
expedite committee business. 
(2) Each meeting of the committee, includ-
ing meetings to conduct hearings, shall be 
open to the public, except that a portion or 
portions of any such meeting may be closed 
to the public if the committee determines by 
record vote in open session of a majority of 
the members of the committee present that 
the matters to be discussed or the testimony 
to be taken at such portion or portions— 
(a) will disclose matters necessary to be 
kept secret in the interests of national de-
fense or the confidential conduct of the for-
eign relations of the United States; 
(b) will relate solely to matters of the com-
mittee staff personnel or internal staff man-
agement or procedure; 
(c) will tend to charge an individual with 
crime or misconduct, to disgrace or injure 
the professional standing of an individual, or 
otherwise to expose an individual to public 
contempt or obloquy, or will represent a 
clearly unwarranted invasion of the privacy 
of an individual; 
(d) will disclose the identity of any in-
former or law enforcement agent or will dis-
close any information relating to the inves-
tigation or prosecution of a criminal offense 
that is required to be kept secret in the in-
terests of effective law enforcement; or 
(e) will disclose information relating to the 
trade secrets or financial or commercial in-
formation pertaining specifically to a given 
person if— 
(i) an act of Congress requires the informa-
tion to be kept confidential by Government 
officers and employees; or 
(ii) the information has been obtained by 
the Government on a confidential basis, 
other than through an application by such 
person for a specific Government financial or 
other benefit, and is required to be kept se-
cret in order to prevent undue injury to the 
competitive position of such person. 
(f) may divulge matters required to be kept 
confidential under other provisions of law or 
Government regulations. 
(3) Notice of, and the agenda for, any busi-
ness meeting or markup shall be provided to 
each member and made available to the pub-
lic at least 72 hours prior to such meeting or 
markup. 
II. Consideration of Budget Resolutions 
(1) If the chair of the committee makes 
proposed legislative text of a concurrent res-
olution on the budget available to all com-
mittee members by 12:00 p.m., five days prior 
to the start of a meeting or markup to con-
sider the resolution, during that meeting or 
markup: 
(a) it shall not be in order to consider a 
first degree amendment unless the amend-
ment has been submitted to the chief clerk 
by 5:00 p.m. two days prior to the start of the 
meeting or markup, except that an amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute offered by 
the chair of the committee shall not be re-
quired to be filed in advance, and 
(b) it shall not be in order to consider a 
second degree amendment unless the amend-
ment has been submitted to the chief clerk 
by 5:00 p.m. on the day prior to the start of 
the meeting or markup, and 
(c) it shall not be in order to consider a 
side-by-side amendment unless the amend-
ment has been submitted to the chief clerk 
by 5:00 p.m. on the day prior to the start of 
the meeting or markup, and the amendment 
is filed in relation to a particular first de-
gree amendment that is considered by the 
committee. 
(2) During consideration of a concurrent 
resolution on the budget, it shall not be in 
order to consider an amendment that would 
have no force or effect if adopted. 
III. Order of Recognition 
Those members who are present at the 
start of any meeting of the committee in-
cluding meetings to conduct hearings, shall 
be recognized in order of seniority based on 
time served as a member of the committee. 
Any members arriving after the start of the 
meeting shall be recognized, in order of ap-
pearance, after the most junior member. 
IV. Quorums and Voting 
(1) Except as provided in paragraphs (2) and 
(3) of this section, a quorum for the trans-
action of committee business shall consist of 
not less than one-third of the membership of 
the entire committee: Provided, that proxies 
shall not be counted in making a quorum. 
(2) A majority of the committee shall con-
stitute a quorum for reporting budget resolu-
tions, legislative measures or recommenda-
tions: Provided, that proxies shall not be 
counted in making a quorum. 
(3) For the purpose of taking sworn or 
unsworn testimony, a quorum of the com-
mittee shall consist of one Senator. 
(4)(a) The committee may poll— 
(i) internal committee matters including 
those concerning the committee’s staff, 
records, and budget; 
(ii) steps in an investigation, including 
issuance of subpoenas, applications for im-
munity orders, and requests for documents 
from agencies; and 
(iii) other committee business that the 
committee has designated for polling at a 
meeting, except that the committee may not 
vote by poll on reporting to the Senate any 
measure, matter, or recommendation, and 
may not vote by poll on closing a meeting or 
hearing to the public. 
(b) To conduct a poll, the chair shall cir-
culate polling sheets to each member speci-
fying the matter being polled and the time 
limit for completion of the poll. If any mem-
ber requests, the matter shall be held for a 
meeting rather than being polled. The chief 
clerk shall keep a record of polls; if the com-
mittee determines by record vote in open 
session of a majority of the members of the 
committee present that the polled matter is 
one of those enumerated in rule 1(2)(a)–(e), 
then the record of the poll shall be confiden-
tial. Any member may move at the com-
mittee meeting following a poll for a vote on 
the polled decision. 
V. Proxies 
When a record vote is taken in the com-
mittee on any bill, resolution, amendment, 
or any other question, a quorum being 
present, a member who is unable to attend 
the meeting may vote by proxy if the absent 
member has been informed of the matter on 
which the vote is being recorded and has af-
firmatively requested to be so recorded; ex-
cept that no member may vote by proxy dur-
ing the deliberations on Budget Resolutions 
unless a member is experiencing a health 
issue and the chair and ranking member 
agree to allow that member to vote by proxy 
on amendments to a Budget Resolution. 
VI. Hearings and Hearing Procedures 
(1) The committee shall make public an-
nouncement of the date, place, time, and 
subject matter of any hearing to be con-
ducted on any measure or matter at least 1 
week in advance of such hearing, unless the 
chair and ranking member determine that 
there is good cause to begin such hearing at 
an earlier date. 
(2) At least 24 hours prior to the scheduled 
start time of the hearing, a witness appear-
ing before the committee shall file a written 
statement of proposed testimony with the 
chief clerk who is responsible for circulating 
the proposed testimony to all members at 
the same time. The requirement that a wit-
ness submit testimony 24 hours prior to a 
hearing may be waived by the chair and the 
ranking member, following their determina-
tion that there is good cause for the failure 
of compliance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:42 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00011
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G22FE6.001
S22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 20-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S762 
February 22, 2021 
VII. Committee Reports 
(1) When the committee has ordered a 
measure or recommendation reported, fol-
lowing final action, the report thereon shall 
be filed in the Senate at the earliest prac-
ticable time. 
(2) A member of the committee, who gives 
notice of an intention to file supplemental, 
minority, or additional views at the time of 
final committee approval of a measure or 
matter, shall be entitled to not less than 3 
calendar days in which to file such views, in 
writing, with the chief clerk of the com-
mittee. Such views shall then be included in 
the committee report and printed in the 
same volume, as a part thereof, and their in-
clusions shall be noted on the cover of the 
report. In the absence of timely notice, the 
committee report may be filed and printed 
immediately without such views. 
VIII. Use of Display Materials in Committee 
Committee members may use the elec-
tronic display system provided in the com-
mittee hearing room or physical graphic dis-
plays during any meetings or hearings of the 
committee. Physical graphic displays are 
limited to the following: 
Charts, photographs, or renderings: 
Size: no larger than 36 inches by 48 inches, 
Where: on an easel stand next to the mem-
ber’s seat or at the rear of the committee 
room. 
When: only at the time the member is 
speaking. 
Number: no more than two may be dis-
played at a time. 
IX. Confirmation Standards and Procedures 
(1) Standards. In considering a nomination, 
the committee shall inquire into the nomi-
nee’s experience, qualifications, suitability, 
and integrity to serve in the position to 
which he or she has been nominated. The 
committee shall recommend confirmation if 
it finds that the nominee has the necessary 
integrity and is affirmatively qualified by 
reason of training, education, or experience 
to carry out the functions of the office to 
which he or she was nominated. 
(2) Information Concerning the Nominee. 
Each nominee shall submit the following in-
formation to the chief clerk, who will dis-
tribute to the chairman and ranking member 
at the same time: 
(a) A detailed biographical resume which 
contains information concerning education, 
employment, and background which gen-
erally relates to the position to which the in-
dividual is nominated, and which is to be 
made public; 
(b) Information concerning financial and 
other background of the nominee which is to 
be made public; provided, that financial in-
formation that does not relate to the nomi-
nee’s qualifications to hold the position to 
which the individual is nominated, tax re-
turns or reports prepared by federal agencies 
that may be submitted by the nominee shall, 
after review by the chair, ranking member, 
or any other member of the committee upon 
request, be maintained in a manner to en-
sure confidentiality; and, 
(c) Copies of other relevant documents and 
responses to questions as the committee may 
so request, such as responses to questions 
concerning the policies and programs the 
nominee intends to pursue upon taking of-
fice. 
(3) Report on the Nominee. After a review 
of all information pertinent to the nomina-
tion, a confidential report on the nominee 
may be prepared by the committee staff for 
the chair, the ranking member and, upon re-
quest, for any other member of the com-
mittee. The report shall summarize the steps 
taken and the results of the committee in-
quiry, including any unresolved matters that 
have been raised during the course of the in-
quiry. 
(4) Hearings. The committee shall conduct 
a hearing during which the nominee shall be 
called to testify under oath on all matters 
relating to his or her suitability for office, 
including the policies and programs which he 
or she would pursue while in that position. 
No hearing or meeting to consider the con-
firmation shall be held until at least 72 hours 
after the following events have occurred: the 
nominee has responded to the requirements 
set forth in subsection (2), and, if a report de-
scribed in subsection (3) has been prepared, it 
has been presented to the chairman and 
ranking member, and is available to other 
members of the committee, upon request. 
f 
SENATE SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON 
AGING RULES OF PROCEDURE 
Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Special 
Committee on Aging, having adopted 
rules governing its procedures for the 
117th Congress, have a copy of their 
rules printed in the RECORD pursuant 
to XXVI, paragraph 2, of the Sanding 
Rules of the Senate. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the 
RECORD, as follows: 
SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON AGING—COMMITTEE 
RULES 117TH CONGRESS 
JURISDICTION AND AUTHORITY 
A. 
There is established a Special Committee 
on Aging (hereafter in this section referred 
to as the ‘‘special committee’’) which shall 
consist of nineteen Members. The Members 
and chairman of the special committee shall 
be appointed in the same manner and at the 
same time as the Members and chairman of 
a standing committee of the Senate. After 
the date on which the majority and minority 
Members of the special committee are ini-
tially appointed on or affect the effective 
date of title I of the Committee System Re-
organization Amendments of 1977, each time 
a vacancy occurs in the Membership of the 
special committee, the number of Members 
of the special committee shall be reduced by 
one until the number of Members of the spe-
cial committee consists of nine Senators. 
For the purposes of paragraph 1 of rule 
XXV; paragraphs 1, 7(a)(1)–(2), 9, and 10(a) of 
rule XXVI; and paragraphs 1(a)–(d), and 2(a) 
and (d) of rule XXVII of the Standing Rules 
of the Senate; and the purposes of section 
202(I) and (j) of the Legislative Reorganiza-
tion Act of 1946, the special committee shall 
be treated as a standing committee of the 
Senate. 
B. 
It shall be the duty of the special com-
mittee to conduct a continuing study of any 
and all matters pertaining to problems and 
opportunities of older people, including, but 
not limited to, problems and opportunities of 
maintaining health, of assuring adequate in-
come, of finding employment, of engaging in 
productive and rewarding activity, of secur-
ing proper housing, and when necessary, of 
obtaining care or assistance. No proposed 
legislation shall be referred to such com-
mittee, and such committee shall not have 
power to report by bill, or otherwise have 
legislative jurisdiction. 
The special committee shall, from time to 
time (but not less than once year), report to 
the Senate the results of the study con-
ducted pursuant to paragraph (1), together 
with such recommendation as it considers 
appropriate. 
C. 
For the purposes of this section, the spe-
cial committee is authorized, in its discre-
tion, (A) to make investigations into any 
matter within its jurisdiction, (B) to make 
expenditures from the contingent fund of the 
Senate, (C) to employ personnel, (D) to hold 
hearings, (E) to sit and act at any time or 
place during the sessions, recesses, and ad-
journed periods of the Senate, (F) to require, 
by subpoena or otherwise, the attendance of 
witnesses and the production of correspond-
ence books, papers, and documents, (G) to 
take depositions and other testimony, (H) to 
procure the serve of individual consultants 
or organizations thereof (as authorized by 
section 202(I) of the Legislative Reorganiza-
tion Act of 1946, as amended) and (I) with the 
prior consent of the Government department 
or agency concerned and the Committee on 
Rules and Administration, to use on a reim-
bursable basis the services of personnel of 
any such department or agency. 
The chairman of the special committee or 
any Member thereof may administer oaths 
to witnesses. 
Subpoenas authorized by the special com-
mittee may be issued over the signature of 
the chairman, or any Member of the special 
committee designated by the chairman, and 
may be served by any person designated by 
the chairman or the Member signing the sub-
poena. 
D. 
All records and papers of the temporary 
Special Committee on Aging established by 
Senate Resolution 33, Eighty-seventh Con-
gress, are transferred to the special com-
mittee. 
RULES OF PROCEDURE 
I. Convening of Meetings 
Meetings. The Committee shall meet to 
conduct Committee business at the call of 
the Chairman. The Members of the Com-
mittee may call additional meetings as pro-
vided in Senate Rule XXVI (3). 
Notice and Agenda: 
(a) Written or Electronic Notice. The 
Chairman shall give the Members written or 
electronic notice of any Committee meeting, 
accompanied by an agenda enumerating the 
items of business to be considered, at least 5 
days in advance of such meeting. 
(b) Shortened Notice. A meeting may be 
called on not less than 24 hours notice if the 
Chairman, with the concurrence of the 
Ranking Minority Member, determines that 
there is good cause to begin the meeting on 
shortened notice. An agenda will be fur-
nished prior to such a meeting. 
Presiding Officer. The Chairman shall pre-
side when present. If the Chairman is not 
present at any meeting, the Ranking Major-
ity Member present shall preside. 
II. Convening of Hearings 
Notice. The Committee shall make public 
announcement of the date, place and subject 
matter of any hearing at least one week be-
fore its commencement. A hearing may be 
called on not less than 24 hours notice if the 
Chairman, with the concurrence of the 
Ranking Minority Member, determines that 
there is good cause to begin the hearing on 
shortened notice. 
Presiding Officer. The Chairman shall pre-
side over the conduct of a hearing when 
present, or, whether present or not, may del-
egate authority to preside to any Member of 
the Committee. 
Witnesses. Witnesses called before the 
Committee shall be given, absent extraor-
dinary circumstances, at least 48 hours no-
tice, and all witnesses called shall be fur-
nished with a copy of these rules upon re-
quest. 
Oath. All witnesses who testify to matters 
of fact shall be sworn unless the Committee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:27 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00012
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.057
S22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 21-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S763 
February 22, 2021 
waives the oath. The Chairman, or any Mem-
ber, may request and administer the oath. 
Testimony. At least 48 hours in advance of 
a hearing, each witness who is to appear be-
fore the Committee shall submit his or her 
testimony by way of electronic mail, in a 
format determined by the Committee and 
sent to an electronic mail address specified 
by the Committee, unless the Chairman and 
Ranking Minority Member determine that 
there is good cause for a witness’s failure to 
do so. A witness shall be allowed no more 
than five minutes to orally summarize his or 
her prepared statement. Officials of the fed-
eral government shall file 40 copies of such 
statement with the clerk of the Committee 
48 hours in advance of their appearance, un-
less the Chairman and the Ranking Minority 
Member determine there is good cause for 
noncompliance. 
Counsel. A witness’s counsel shall be per-
mitted to be present during his testimony at 
any public or closed hearing or depositions 
or staff interview to advise such witness of 
his or her rights, provided, however, that in 
the case of any witness who is an officer or 
employee of the government, or of a corpora-
tion or association, the Chairman may rule 
that representation by counsel from the gov-
ernment, corporation, or association creates 
a conflict of interest, and that the witness 
shall be represented by personal counsel not 
from the government, corporation, or asso-
ciation. 
Transcript. An accurate electronic or sten-
ographic record shall be kept of the testi-
mony of all witnesses in closed sessions and 
public hearings. Any witness shall be af-
forded, upon request, the right to review 
that portion of such record, and for this pur-
pose, a copy of a witness’s testimony in pub-
lic or closed session shall be provided to the 
witness. Upon inspecting his or her tran-
script, within a time limit set by the com-
mittee clerk, a witness may request changes 
in testimony to correct errors of tran-
scription, grammatical errors, and obvious 
errors of fact. The Chairman or a staff officer 
designated by him shall rule on such request. 
Impugned Persons. Any person who be-
lieves that evidence presented, or comment 
made by a Member or staff, at a public hear-
ing or at a closed hearing concerning which 
there have been public reports, tends to im-
pugn his or her character or adversely affect 
his or her reputation may: 
(a) file a sworn statement of facts relevant 
to the evidence or comment, which shall be 
placed in the hearing record; and 
(b) request the opportunity to appear per-
sonally before the Committee to testify in 
his or her own behalf. 
Minority Witnesses. Whenever any hearing 
is conducted by the Committee, the Ranking 
Member shall be entitled to call at least one 
witness to testify or produce documents with 
respect to the measure or matter under con-
sideration at the hearing. Such request must 
be made before the completion of the hearing 
or, if subpoenas are required to call the mi-
nority witnesses, no later than three days 
before the hearing. Conduct of Witnesses, 
Counsel and Members of the Audience. If, 
during public or executive sessions, a wit-
ness, his or her counsel, or any spectator 
conducts him or herself in such a manner as 
to prevent, impede, disrupt, obstruct, or 
interfere with the orderly administration of 
such hearing the Chairman or presiding 
Member of the Committee present during 
such hearing may request the Sergeant at 
Arms of the Senate, his representative or 
any law enforcement official to eject said 
person from the hearing room. 
III. Closed Sessions and Confidential Materials 
Procedure. All meetings and hearings shall 
be open to the public unless closed. To close 
a meeting or hearing or portion thereof, a 
motion shall be made and seconded to go 
into closed discussion of whether the meet-
ing or hearing will concern Committee inves-
tigations or matters enumerated in Senate 
Rule XXVI(5)(b). Immediately after such dis-
cussion, the meeting or hearing or portion 
thereof may be closed by a vote in open ses-
sion of a majority of the Members of the 
Committee present. 
Witness Request. Any witness called for a 
hearing may submit a written or an elec-
tronic request to the Chairman no later than 
twenty-four hours in advance for his or her 
examination to be in closed or open session. 
The Chairman shall inform the Committee of 
any such request. 
Confidential Matter. No record made of a 
closed session, or material declared confiden-
tial by a majority of the Committee, or re-
port of the proceedings of a closed session, 
shall be made public, in whole or in part or 
by way of summary, unless specifically au-
thorized by the Chairman and Ranking Mi-
nority Member. 
IV. Broadcasting 
Control. Any meeting or hearing open to 
the public may be covered by television, 
radio, or still photography. Such coverage 
must be conducted in an orderly and unob-
trusive manner, and the Chairman may for 
good cause terminate such coverage in whole 
or in part, or take such other action to con-
trol it as the circumstances may warrant. 
Request. A witness may request of the 
Chairman, on grounds of distraction, harass-
ment, personal safety, or physical discom-
fort, that during his or her testimony cam-
eras, media microphones, and lights shall 
not be directed at him or her. 
V. Quorums and Voting 
Reporting. A majority shall constitute a 
quorum for reporting a resolution, rec-
ommendation or report to the Senate. 
Committee Business. A third shall con-
stitute a quorum for the conduct of Com-
mittee business, other than a final vote on 
reporting, providing a minority Member is 
present. 
Hearings. One Member shall constitute a 
quorum for the receipt of evidence, the 
swearing of witnesses, and the taking of tes-
timony at hearings. 
Polling: 
(a) Subjects. The Committee may poll (1) 
internal Committee matters including those 
concerning the Committee’s staff, records, 
and budget; (2) Committee rules changes and 
(3) other Committee business which has been 
designated for polling at a meeting. 
(b) Procedure. The Chairman shall cir-
culate polling sheets to each Member speci-
fying the matter being polled and the time 
limit for completion of the poll. If any Mem-
ber so requests in advance of the meeting, 
the matter shall be held for meeting rather 
than being polled. The clerk shall keep a 
record of polls. If the Chairman determines 
that the polled matter is one of the areas 
enumerated in Rule III(1), the record of the 
poll shall be confidential. Any Member may 
request a Committee meeting following a 
poll for a vote on the polled decision. 
VI. Investigations 
Authorization for Investigations. All inves-
tigations shall be conducted on a bipartisan 
basis by Committee staff. Investigations 
may be initiated by the Committee staff 
upon the approval of the Chairman and the 
Ranking Minority Member. Staff shall keep 
the 
Committee 
fully 
informed 
of 
the 
progress of continuing investigations, except 
where the Chairman and the Ranking Minor-
ity Member agree that there exists tem-
porary cause for more limited knowledge. 
Subpoenas. The Chairman and Ranking Mi-
nority Member, acting together, shall au-
thorize a subpoena. Subpoenas for the at-
tendance of witnesses or the production of 
memoranda, documents, records, or any 
other materials shall be issued by the Chair-
man, or by any other Member of the Com-
mittee designated by him. Prior to the 
issuance of each subpoena, the Ranking Mi-
nority Member, and any other Member so re-
questing, shall be notified regarding the 
identity of the person to whom the subpoena 
will be issued and the nature of the informa-
tion sought, and its relationship to the in-
vestigation. 
Investigative Reports. All reports con-
taining findings or recommendations stem-
ming from Committee investigations shall 
be printed only with the approval of a major-
ity of the Members of the Committee. 
VII. Depositions and Commissions 
Notice. Notices for the taking of deposi-
tions in an investigation authorized by the 
Committee shall be authorized and issued by 
the Chairman or by a staff officer designated 
by him. Such notices shall specify a time and 
place for examination, and the name of the 
staff officer or officers who will take the dep-
osition. Unless otherwise specified, the depo-
sition shall be in private. The Committee 
shall not initiate procedures leading to 
criminal or civil enforcement proceedings for 
a witness’s failure to appear unless the depo-
sition notice was accompanied by a Com-
mittee subpoena. 
Counsel. Witnesses may be accompanied at 
a deposition by counsel to advise them of 
their rights, subject to the provisions of Rule 
II(6). 
Procedure. Witnesses shall be examined 
upon oath administered by an individual au-
thorized by local law to administer oaths. 
Questions shall be propounded orally by 
Committee staff. Objections by the witnesses 
as to the form of questions shall be noted by 
the record. If a witness objects to a question 
and refuses to testify on the basis of rel-
evance or privilege, the Committee staff may 
proceed with the deposition, or may at that 
time or at a subsequent time, seek a ruling 
by telephone or otherwise on the objection 
from a Member of the Committee. If the 
Member overrules the objection, he or she 
may refer the matter to the Committee or 
the Member may order and direct the wit-
ness to answer the question, but the Com-
mittee shall not initiate the procedures lead-
ing to civil or criminal enforcement unless 
the witness refuses to testify after he or she 
has been ordered and directed to answer by a 
Member of the Committee. 
Filing. The Committee staff shall see that 
the testimony is transcribed or electroni-
cally recorded. 
Commissions. The Committee may author-
ize the staff, by issuance of commissions, to 
fill in prepared subpoenas, conduct field 
hearings, inspect locations, facilities, or sys-
tems of records, or otherwise act on behalf of 
the Committee. Commissions shall be ac-
companied by instructions from the Com-
mittee regulating their use. 
VIII. Subcommittees 
Establishment. The Committee will oper-
ate as a Committee of the Whole, reserving 
to itself the right to establish temporary 
subcommittees at any time by majority 
vote. The Chairman of the full Committee 
and the Ranking Minority Member shall be 
ex officio Members of all subcommittees. 
Jurisdiction. Within its jurisdiction as de-
scribed in the Standing Rules of the Senate, 
each subcommittee is authorized to conduct 
investigations, including use of subpoenas, 
depositions, and commissions. 
Rules. A subcommittee shall be governed 
by the Committee rules, except that its 
quorum for all business shall be one-third of 
the subcommittee Membership, and for hear-
ings shall be one Member. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:27 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00013
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.058
S22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 22-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S764 
February 22, 2021 
IX. Reports 
Committee reports incorporating Com-
mittee findings and recommendations shall 
be printed only with the prior approval of a 
majority of the Committee, after an ade-
quate period for review and comment. The 
printing, as Committee documents, of mate-
rials prepared by staff for informational pur-
poses, or the printing of materials not origi-
nating with the Committee or staff, shall re-
quire prior consultation with the minority 
staff; these publications shall have the fol-
lowing language printed on the cover of the 
document: ‘‘Note: This document has been 
printed for informational purposes. It does 
not 
represent 
either 
findings 
or 
rec-
ommendations formally adopted by the Com-
mittee.’’ 
X. Amendment of Rules 
The rules of the Committee may be amend-
ed or revised at any time, provided that not 
less than a majority of the Committee 
present so determine at a Committee meet-
ing preceded by at least 3 days notice of the 
amendments or revisions proposed or via 
polling, subject to Rule V(4). 
f 
SENATE 
COMMITTEE 
ON 
HOME-
LAND SECURITY AND GOVERN-
MENTAL 
AFFAIRS 
RULES 
OF 
PROCEDURE 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, Rule 
XXVI, paragraph 2, of the Standing 
Rules of the Senate requires each com-
mittee to adopt rules to govern the 
procedure of the committee and to pub-
lish those rules in the CONGRESSIONAL 
RECORD not later than March 1 of the 
first year of each Congress. Today, the 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs adopted com-
mittee rules of procedure. 
Consistent with Standing Rule XXVI, 
I ask unanimous consent that a copy of 
the rules of procedure of the Com-
mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-
ernmental Affairs be printed in the 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the 
RECORD, as follows: 
RULES OF PROCEDURE OF THE COMMITTEE ON 
HOMELAND
SECURITY
AND
GOVERNMENTAL 
AFFAIRS 
PURSUANT TO RULE XXVI, SEC. 2, STANDING 
RULES OF THE SENATE 
Rule 1. Meetings and Meeting Procedures Other 
Than Hearings 
A. Meeting dates. The Committee shall 
hold its regular meetings on the first 
Wednesday of each month, when the Con-
gress is in session, or at such other times as 
the Chair shall determine. Additional meet-
ings may be called by the Chair as the Chair 
deems necessary to expedite Committee 
business. (Rule XXVI, Sec. 3, Standing Rules 
of the Senate.) 
B. Calling special Committee meetings. If 
at least three Members of the Committee de-
sire the Chair to call a special meeting, they 
may file in the offices of the Committee a 
written request therefor, addressed to the 
Chair. Immediately thereafter, the clerk of 
the Committee shall notify the Chair of such 
request. If, within 3 calendar days after the 
filing of such request, the Chair fails to call 
the requested special meeting, which is to be 
held within 7 calendar days after the filing of 
such request, a majority of the Committee 
Members may file in the offices of the Com-
mittee their written notice that a special 
Committee meeting will be held, specifying 
the date and hour thereof, and the Com-
mittee shall meet on that date and hour. Im-
mediately upon the filing of such notice, the 
Committee chief clerk shall notify all Com-
mittee Members that such special meeting 
will be held and inform them of its date and 
hour. (Rule XXVI, Sec. 3, Standing Rules of 
the Senate.) 
C. Meeting notices and agenda. Written no-
tices of Committee meetings, accompanied 
by an agenda, enumerating the items of busi-
ness to be considered, shall be sent to all 
Committee Members at least 5 calendar days 
in advance of such meetings, excluding Sat-
urdays, Sundays, and legal holidays in which 
the Senate is not in session. The written no-
tices required by this Rule may be provided 
by electronic mail. In the event that unfore-
seen requirements or Committee business 
prevent sufficient notice of either the meet-
ing or agenda, the Committee staff shall 
communicate such notice and agenda, or any 
revisions to the agenda, as soon as prac-
ticable by telephone or otherwise to Mem-
bers or appropriate staff assistants in their 
offices. 
D. Open business meetings. Meetings for 
the 
transaction 
of 
Committee 
or 
Sub-
committee business shall be conducted in 
open session, except that a meeting or series 
of meetings on the same subject for a period 
of no more than 14 calendar days may be 
closed to the public on a motion made and 
seconded to go into closed session to discuss 
only whether the matters enumerated in 
clauses (1) through (6) below would require 
the meeting to be closed, followed imme-
diately by a record vote in open session by a 
majority of the Committee or Subcommittee 
Members when it is determined that the 
matters to be discussed or the testimony to 
be taken at such meeting or meetings 
(1) will disclose matters necessary to be 
kept secret in the interests of national de-
fense or the confidential conduct of foreign 
relations of the United States; 
(2) will relate solely to matters of Com-
mittee or Subcommittee staff personnel or 
internal staff management or procedure; 
(3) will tend to charge an individual with 
crime or misconduct, to disgrace or injure 
the professional standing of an individual, or 
otherwise expose an individual to public con-
tempt or obloquy or will represent a clearly 
unwarranted invasion of the privacy of an in-
dividual; 
(4) will disclose the identity of an informer 
or law enforcement agent or will disclose 
any information relating to the investiga-
tion or prosecution of a criminal offense that 
is required to be kept secret in the interests 
of effective law enforcement; 
(5) will disclose information relating to the 
trade secrets of financial or commercial in-
formation pertaining specifically to a given 
person if— 
(A) an Act of Congress requires the infor-
mation to be kept confidential by Govern-
ment officers and employees; or 
(B) the information has been obtained by 
the Government on a confidential basis, 
other than through an application by such 
person for a specific Government financial or 
other benefit, and is required to be kept se-
cret in order to prevent undue injury to the 
competitive position of such person; or 
(6) may divulge matters required to be 
kept confidential under other provisions of 
law or Government regulations. (Rule XXVI, 
Sec. 5(b), Standing Rules of the Senate.) Not-
withstanding the foregoing, whenever dis-
order arises during a Committee or Sub-
committee meeting that is open to the pub-
lic, or any demonstration of approval or dis-
approval is indulged in by any person in at-
tendance at any such meeting, it shall be the 
duty of the Chair to enforce order on the 
Chair’s own initiative and without any point 
of order being made by a Member of the 
Committee or Subcommittee; provided, fur-
ther, that when the Chair finds it necessary 
to maintain order, the Chair shall have the 
power to clear the room, and the Committee 
or Subcommittee may act in closed session 
for so long as there is doubt of the assurance 
of order. (Rule XXVI, Sec. 5(d), Standing 
Rules of the Senate.) 
E. Prior notice of first degree amendments. 
It shall not be in order for the Committee, or 
a Subcommittee thereof, to consider any 
amendment in the first degree proposed to 
any measure under consideration by the 
Committee or Subcommittee unless a writ-
ten copy of such amendment has been deliv-
ered to each Member of the Committee or 
Subcommittee, as the case may be, and to 
the 
office 
of 
the 
Committee 
or 
Sub-
committee, by no later than 4:00 p.m. two 
calendar days before the meeting of the 
Committee or Subcommittee at which the 
amendment is to be proposed, and, in the 
case of a first degree amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute proposed by the manager 
of the measure, by no later than 5:00 p.m. 
five calendar days before the meeting. The 
written copy of amendments in the first de-
gree required by this Rule may be provided 
by electronic mail. This subsection may be 
waived by a majority of the Members 
present, or by consent of the Chair and 
Ranking Minority Member of the Committee 
or Subcommittee. This subsection shall 
apply only when at least 5 calendar days 
written notice of a session to mark-up a 
measure is provided to the Committee or 
Subcommittee. 
F. Meeting transcript. The Committee or 
Subcommittee shall prepare and keep a com-
plete transcript or electronic recording ade-
quate to fully record the proceeding of each 
meeting whether or not such meeting or any 
part thereof is closed to the public, unless a 
majority of the Committee or Subcommittee 
Members vote to forgo such a record. (Rule 
XXVI, Sec. 5(e), Standing Rules of the Sen-
ate.) 
Rule 2. Quorums 
A. Reporting measures and matters. A ma-
jority of the Members of the Committee 
shall constitute a quorum for reporting to 
the Senate any measures, matters or rec-
ommendations. (Rule XXVI, Sec. 7(a)(1), 
Standing Rules of the Senate.) 
B. Transaction of routine business. One- 
third of the membership of the Committee 
shall constitute a quorum for the trans-
action of routine business, provided that one 
Member of the Minority is present. For the 
purpose of this paragraph, the term ‘‘routine 
business’’ includes the convening of a meet-
ing and the consideration of subpoenas or 
any business of the Committee other than 
reporting to the Senate any measures, mat-
ters or recommendations. (Rule XXVI, Sec. 
7(a)(1), Standing Rules of the Senate.) 
C. Taking testimony. One Member of the 
Committee shall constitute a quorum for 
taking sworn or unsworn testimony. (Rule 
XXVI, Sec. 7(a)(2) and 7(c)(2), Standing Rules 
of the Senate.) 
D. Subcommittee quorums. Subject to the 
provisions of sections 7(a)(1) and (2) of Rule 
XXVI of the Standing Rules of the Senate, 
the Subcommittees of this Committee are 
authorized to establish their own quorums 
for the transaction of business and the tak-
ing of sworn testimony. 
E. Proxies prohibited in establishment of 
quorum. Proxies shall not be considered for 
the establishment of a quorum. 
Rule 3. Voting 
A. Quorum required. Subject to the provi-
sions of subsection (E), no vote may be taken 
by the Committee, or any Subcommittee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:42 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00014
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.059
S22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 23-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S765 
February 22, 2021 
thereof, on any measure or matter unless a 
quorum, as prescribed in the preceding sec-
tion, is actually present. 
B. Reporting measures and matters. No 
measure, matter or recommendation shall be 
reported from the Committee unless a ma-
jority of the Committee Members are actu-
ally present, and the vote of the Committee 
to report a measure or matter shall require 
the concurrence of a majority of those Mem-
bers who are actually present at the time the 
vote is taken. (Rule XXVI, Sec. 7(a)(1) and 
(3), Standing Rules of the Senate.) 
C. Proxy voting. Proxy voting shall be al-
lowed on all measures, matters, and routine 
business before the Committee, or any Sub-
committee thereof, provided: 
(1) When the Committee, or any Sub-
committee thereof, is voting to report a 
measure or matter, proxy votes shall be al-
lowed solely for the purpose of recording a 
Member’s position on the pending question. 
Proxy votes are not included in the vote 
tally when reporting the measure or matter. 
(2) Proxy voting shall be allowed only if 
the absent Committee or Subcommittee 
Member has been informed of the matter on 
which the Member is being recorded and has 
affirmatively requested that the vote be so 
recorded. 
(3) All proxies shall be filed with the chief 
clerk of the Committee or Subcommittee 
thereof, as the case may be. All proxies shall 
be in writing and shall contain sufficient ref-
erence to the pending matter as is necessary 
to identify it and to inform the Committee 
or Subcommittee as to how the Member es-
tablishes the vote to be recorded thereon. 
(Rule XXVI, Sec. 7(a)(3) and 7(c)(1), Standing 
Rules of the Senate.) 
D. Announcement of vote. (1) Whenever the 
Committee by roll call vote reports any 
measure or matter, the report of the Com-
mittee upon such a measure or matter shall 
include a tabulation of the votes cast in 
favor of and the votes cast in opposition to 
such measure or matter by each Member of 
the Committee. (Rule XXVI, Sec. 7(c), Stand-
ing Rules of the Senate.) 
(2) Whenever the Committee by roll call 
vote acts upon any measure or amendment 
thereto, other than reporting a measure or 
matter, the results thereof shall be an-
nounced in the Committee report on that 
measure unless previously announced by the 
Committee, and such announcement shall in-
clude a tabulation of the votes cast in favor 
of and the votes cast in opposition to each 
such measure and amendment thereto by 
each Member of the Committee who was 
present at the meeting. (Rule XXVI, Sec. 
7(b), Standing Rules of the Senate.) 
(3) In any case in which a roll call vote is 
announced, the tabulation of votes shall 
state separately the proxy vote recorded in 
favor of and in opposition to that measure, 
amendment thereto, or matter. (Rule XXVI, 
Sec. 7(b) and (c), Standing Rules of the Sen-
ate.) 
E. Polling. (1) The Committee, or any Sub-
committee thereof, may poll (a) internal 
Committee or Subcommittee matters includ-
ing the Committee’s or Subcommittee’s 
staff, records and budget; (b) steps in an in-
vestigation, including issuance of subpoenas, 
applications for immunity orders, and re-
quests for documents from agencies; and (c) 
other Committee or Subcommittee business 
other than a vote on reporting to the Senate 
any measures, matters or recommendations 
or a vote on closing a meeting or hearing to 
the public. 
(2) Only the Chair, or a Committee Member 
or staff officer designated by the Chair, may 
undertake any poll of the Members of the 
Committee. If any Member requests, any 
matter to be polled shall be held for meeting 
rather than being polled. The chief clerk of 
the Committee shall keep a record of polls; if 
a majority of the Members of the Committee 
determine that the polled matter is in one of 
the areas enumerated in subsection (D) of 
Rule 1, the record of the poll shall be con-
fidential. Any Committee Member may move 
at the Committee meeting following the poll 
for a vote on the polled decision, such mo-
tion and vote to be subject to the provisions 
of subsection (D) of Rule 1, where applicable. 
F. Naming postal facilities. The Com-
mittee will not consider any legislation that 
would name a postal facility for a living per-
son with the exception of bills naming facili-
ties after former Presidents and Vice Presi-
dents of the United States, former Members 
of Congress over 70 years of age, former 
State or local elected officials over 70 years 
of age, former judges over 70 years of age, or 
wounded veterans. The Committee will not 
consider legislation that would name a post-
al facility unless it has the support of both 
Senators in the delegation of the state in 
which the facility is located. 
G. Technical and conforming changes. A 
Committee vote to report a measure to the 
Senate shall also authorize the Committee 
Chair and Ranking Member by mutual agree-
ment to make any required technical and 
conforming changes to the measure. 
Rule 4. Presiding at Meetings and Hearings 
The Chair shall preside at all Committee 
meetings and hearings except that the Chair 
shall designate a temporary Chair to act in 
the Chair’s place if the Chair is unable to be 
present at a scheduled meeting or hearing. If 
the Chair (or a designee) is absent 10 minutes 
after the scheduled time set for a meeting or 
hearing, the Ranking Majority Member 
present shall preside until the Chair’s ar-
rival. If there is no Member of the Majority 
present, the Ranking Minority Member 
present, with the prior approval of the Chair, 
may open and conduct the meeting or hear-
ing until such time as a Member of the Ma-
jority arrives. 
Rule 5. Hearings and Hearing Procedures 
A. Announcement of hearings. The Com-
mittee, or any Subcommittee thereof, shall 
make public announcement of the date, 
time, and subject matter of any hearing to 
be conducted on any measure or matter at 
least 5 calendar days in advance of such 
hearing, excluding Saturdays, Sundays, and 
legal holidays in which the Senate is not in 
session, unless the Committee, or Sub-
committee, determines that there is good 
cause to begin such hearing at an earlier 
date. (Rule XXVI, Sec. 4(a), Standing Rules 
of the Senate.) 
B. Open hearings. Each hearing conducted 
by the Committee, or any Subcommittee 
thereof, shall be open to the public, except 
that a hearing or series of hearings on the 
same subject for a period of no more than 14 
calendar days may be closed to the public on 
a motion made and seconded to go into 
closed session to discuss only whether the 
matters enumerated in clauses (1) through 
(6) below would require the hearing to be 
closed, followed immediately by a record 
vote in open session by a majority of the 
Committee or Subcommittee Members when 
it is determined that the matters to be dis-
cussed or the testimony to be taken at such 
hearing or hearings— 
(1) will disclose matters necessary to be 
kept secret in the interests of national de-
fense or the confidential conduct of foreign 
relations of the United States; 
(2) will relate solely to matters of Com-
mittee or Subcommittee staff personnel or 
internal staff management or procedure; 
(3) will tend to charge an individual with 
crime or misconduct, to disgrace or injure 
the professional standing of an individual, or 
otherwise expose an individual to public con-
tempt or obloquy or will represent a clearly 
unwarranted invasion of the privacy of an in-
dividual; 
(4) will disclose the identity of an informer 
or law enforcement agent or will disclose 
any information relating to the investiga-
tion or prosecution of a criminal offense that 
is required to be kept secret in the interests 
of effective law enforcement; 
(5) will disclose information relating to the 
trade secrets of financial or commercial in-
formation pertaining specifically to a given 
person if— 
(A) an Act of Congress requires the infor-
mation to be kept confidential by Govern-
ment officers and employees; or 
(B) the information has been obtained by 
the Government on a confidential basis, 
other than through an application by such 
person for a specific Government financial or 
other benefit, and is required to be kept se-
cret in order to prevent undue injury to the 
competitive position of such person; or 
(6) may divulge matters required to be 
kept confidential under other provisions of 
law or Government regulations. (Rule XXVI, 
Sec. 5(b), Standing Rules of the Senate.) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, whenever 
disorder arises during a Committee or Sub-
committee meeting that is open to the pub-
lic, or any demonstration of approval or dis-
approval is indulged in by any person in at-
tendance at any such meeting, it shall be the 
duty of the Chair to enforce order on the 
Chair’s own initiative and without any point 
of order being made by a Member of the 
Committee or Subcommittee; provided, fur-
ther, that when the Chair finds it necessary 
to maintain order, the Chair shall have the 
power to clear the room, and the Committee 
or Subcommittee may act in closed session 
for so long as there is doubt of the assurance 
of order. (Rule XXVI, Sec. 5(d), Standing 
Rules of the Senate.) 
C. Full Committee subpoenas. The Chair, 
with the approval of the Ranking Minority 
Member of the Committee, is authorized to 
subpoena the attendance of witnesses at a 
hearing or deposition or the production of 
memoranda, documents, records, or any 
other materials. The Chair may subpoena at-
tendance or production without the approval 
of the Ranking Minority Member where the 
Chair has not received a letter of disapproval 
signed by the Ranking Minority Member 
within 3 calendar days, excluding Saturdays, 
Sundays, and legal holidays in which the 
Senate is not in session, of the Ranking Mi-
nority Member’s receipt of a letter signed by 
the Chair providing notice of the Chair’s in-
tent to issue a subpoena, including an identi-
fication of all individuals and items sought 
to be subpoenaed. Delivery and receipt of the 
signed notice and signed disapproval letters 
and any additional communications related 
to the subpoena may be carried out by staff 
officers of the Chair and Ranking Minority 
Member, and may occur through electronic 
mail. If a subpoena is disapproved by the 
Ranking Minority Member as provided in 
this subsection, the subpoena may be author-
ized by vote of the Members of the Com-
mittee. When the Committee or Chair au-
thorizes subpoenas, subpoenas may be issued 
upon the signature of the Chair or any other 
Member of the Committee designated by the 
Chair. 
D. Witness counsel. Counsel retained by 
any witness and accompanying such witness 
shall be permitted to be present during the 
testimony of such witness at any public or 
executive hearing or deposition to advise 
such witness while the witness is testifying, 
of the witness’s legal rights; provided, how-
ever, that in the case of any witness who is 
an officer or employee of the Government, or 
of a corporation or association, the Com-
mittee Chair may rule that representation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:27 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00015
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.068
S22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 24-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S766 
February 22, 2021 
by counsel from the Government, corpora-
tion, or association or by counsel rep-
resenting other witnesses, creates a conflict 
of interest, and that the witness may only be 
represented during interrogation by staff or 
during testimony before the Committee by 
personal counsel not from the Government, 
corporation, or association or by personal 
counsel not representing other witnesses. 
This subsection shall not be construed to ex-
cuse a witness from testifying in the event 
the witness’s counsel is ejected for conduct 
that prevents, impedes, disrupts, obstructs 
or interferes with the orderly administration 
of the hearings; nor shall this subsection be 
construed as authorizing counsel to coach 
the witness or answer for the witness. The 
failure of any witness to secure counsel shall 
not excuse such witness from complying 
with a subpoena or deposition notice. 
E. Witness transcripts. An accurate elec-
tronic or stenographic record shall be kept of 
the testimony of all witnesses in executive 
and 
public 
hearings. 
The 
record 
of 
a 
witness’s testimony whether in public or ex-
ecutive session shall be made available for 
inspection by the witness or the witness’s 
counsel under Committee supervision; a copy 
of any testimony given in public session or 
that part of the testimony given by the wit-
ness in executive session and subsequently 
quoted or made part of the record in a public 
session shall be provided to any witness at 
the witness’s expense if the witness so re-
quests. Upon inspecting that transcript, 
within a time limit set by the chief clerk of 
the Committee, a witness may request 
changes in the transcript to correct errors of 
transcription and grammatical errors; the 
Chair or a staff officer designated by the 
Chair shall rule on such requests. 
F. Impugned persons. Any person whose 
name is mentioned or is specifically identi-
fied, and who believes that evidence pre-
sented, or comment made by a Member of 
the Committee or staff officer, at a public 
hearing or at a closed hearing concerning 
which there have been public reports, tends 
to impugn the person’s character or ad-
versely affect the person’s reputation may: 
(a) File a sworn statement of facts relevant 
to the evidence or comment, which state-
ment shall be considered for placement in 
the hearing record by the Committee; 
(b) Request the opportunity to appear per-
sonally before the Committee to testify in 
the person’s own behalf, which request shall 
be considered by the Committee; and 
(c) Submit questions in writing which the 
person requests be used for the cross-exam-
ination of other witnesses called by the Com-
mittee, which questions shall be considered 
for use by the Committee. 
G. Radio, television, and photography. The 
Committee, or any Subcommittee thereof, 
may permit the proceedings of hearings 
which are open to the public to be photo-
graphed and broadcast by radio, television or 
both, subject to such conditions as the Com-
mittee, or Subcommittee, may impose. (Rule 
XXVI, Sec. 5(c), Standing Rules of the Sen-
ate.) 
H. Advance statements of witnesses. A wit-
ness appearing before the Committee, or any 
Subcommittee thereof, shall provide elec-
tronically 
a 
written 
statement 
of 
the 
witness’s proposed testimony at least 2 cal-
endar days prior to the witness’ appearance, 
excluding Saturdays, Sundays, and legal 
holidays in which the Senate is not in ses-
sion. This requirement may be waived by the 
Chair and the Ranking Minority Member fol-
lowing their determination that there is 
good cause for failure of compliance. (Rule 
XXVI, Sec. 4(b), Standing Rules of the Sen-
ate.) 
I. Selection of hearing witnesses. In any 
hearing conducted by the Committee, or any 
Subcommittee thereof, the Chair and Rank-
ing Minority Member shall consult and seek 
agreement on the selection of witnesses. 
Should the Chair and Ranking Minority 
Member not reach agreement on the selec-
tion of witnesses and the Chair has selected 
non-government witnesses, the Ranking Mi-
nority Member is entitled to select at least 
one non-government witness. The Chair will 
set the total number of non-government wit-
nesses with the Ranking Minority Member 
entitled to select an equal number of non- 
government witnesses, where the total num-
ber of non-government witnesses is an even 
number, or to select one less witness than 
the Chair, where the total number of non- 
government witnesses is an odd number. 
J. Swearing in witnesses. In any hearings 
conducted by the Committee, the Chair or 
the Chair’s designee may swear in each wit-
ness prior to their testimony. 
K. Full Committee depositions. Deposi-
tions may be taken prior to or after a hear-
ing as provided in this subsection. 
(1) Notices for the taking of depositions 
shall be authorized and issued by the Chair, 
with the approval of the Ranking Minority 
Member of the Committee. The Chair may 
initiate depositions without the approval of 
the Ranking Minority Member where the 
Chair has not received a letter of disapproval 
of the deposition notice signed by the Rank-
ing Minority Member within 3 calendar days, 
excluding Saturdays, Sundays, and legal 
holidays in which the Senate is not in ses-
sion, of the Ranking Minority Member’s re-
ceipt of a letter signed by the Chair pro-
viding notification of the Chair’s intent to 
issue a deposition notice, including identi-
fication of all individuals sought to be de-
posed. Delivery and receipt of the signed no-
tification letter and signed disapproval let-
ter and any additional communications re-
lated to the deposition may be carried out by 
staff officers of the Chair and Ranking Mem-
ber, and may occur through electronic mail. 
If a deposition notice is disapproved by the 
Ranking Minority Member as provided in 
this subsection, the deposition notice may be 
authorized by a vote of the Members of the 
Committee. Committee deposition notices 
shall specify a time and place for examina-
tion, and the name of the Committee Mem-
ber or Members or staff officer or officers 
who will take the deposition. Unless other-
wise specified, the deposition shall be in pri-
vate. The Committee shall not initiate pro-
cedures leading to criminal or civil enforce-
ment proceedings for a witness’ failure to ap-
pear or produce unless the deposition notice 
was accompanied by a Committee subpoena. 
(2) Witnesses may be accompanied at a 
deposition by counsel to advise them of their 
legal rights, subject to the provisions of Rule 
5D. 
(3) Oaths at depositions may be adminis-
tered by an individual authorized by local 
law to administer oaths. Questions shall be 
propounded orally by a Committee Member 
or Members or staff. If a witness objects to a 
question and refuses to testify, the objection 
shall be noted for the record and the Com-
mittee Member or Members or staff may pro-
ceed with the remainder of the deposition. 
(4) The Committee shall see that the testi-
mony is transcribed or electronically re-
corded (which may include audio or audio/ 
video recordings). If it is transcribed, the 
transcript shall be made available for inspec-
tion by the witness or the witness’s counsel 
under Committee supervision. The witness 
shall sign a copy of the transcript and may 
request changes to it, which shall be handled 
in accordance with the procedure set forth in 
subsection (E). If the witness fails to sign a 
copy, the staff shall note that fact on the 
transcript. The individual administering the 
oath shall certify on the transcript that the 
witness was duly sworn in their presence, the 
transcriber shall certify that the transcript 
is a true record of the testimony, and the 
transcript shall then be filed with the chief 
clerk of the Committee. The Chair or a staff 
officer designated by the Chair may stipu-
late with the witness to changes in the pro-
cedure; deviations from this procedure which 
do not substantially impair the reliability of 
the record shall not relieve the witness from 
the witness’s obligation to testify truthfully. 
Rule 6. Committee Reporting Procedures 
A. Timely filing. When the Committee has 
ordered a measure or matter reported, fol-
lowing final action, the report thereon shall 
be filed in the Senate at the earliest prac-
ticable time. (Rule XXVI, Sec. 10(b), Stand-
ing Rules of the Senate.) 
B. Supplemental, Minority, and additional 
views. A Member of the Committee who 
gives notice of an intention to file supple-
mental, Minority, or additional views at the 
time of final Committee approval of a meas-
ure or matter shall be entitled to not less 
than 3 calendar days excluding Saturdays, 
Sundays, and legal holidays in which the 
Senate is not in session, in which to file such 
views, in writing, with the chief clerk of the 
Committee. Such views shall then be in-
cluded in the Committee report and printed 
in the same volume, as a part thereof, and 
their inclusion shall be noted on the cover of 
the report. In the absence of timely notice, 
the Committee report may be filed and 
printed immediately without such views. 
(Rule XXVI, Sec. 10(c), Standing Rules of the 
Senate.) 
C. Notice by Subcommittee Chair. The 
Chair of each Subcommittee shall notify the 
Chair of the Committee in writing whenever 
any measure has been ordered reported by 
such Subcommittee and is ready for consid-
eration by the full Committee. 
D. Draft reports of Subcommittees. All 
draft reports prepared by Subcommittees of 
this Committee on any measure or matter 
referred to it by the Chair shall be in the 
form, style, and arrangement required to 
conform to the applicable provisions of the 
Standing Rules of the Senate, and shall be in 
accordance with the established practices 
followed by the Committee. Upon completion 
of such draft reports, copies thereof shall be 
filed with the chief clerk of the Committee 
at the earliest practicable time. 
E. Impact statements in reports. All Com-
mittee reports, accompanying a bill or joint 
resolution of a public character reported by 
the Committee, shall contain (1) an esti-
mate, made by the Committee, of the costs 
which would be incurred in carrying out the 
legislation for the then current fiscal year 
and for each of the next 5 years thereafter 
(or for the authorized duration of the pro-
posed legislation, if less than 5 years); and (2) 
a comparison of such cost estimates with 
any made by a Federal agency; or (3) in lieu 
of such estimate or comparison, or both, a 
statement of the reasons for failure by the 
Committee to comply with these require-
ments as impracticable, in the event of in-
ability to comply therewith. (Rule XXVI, 
Sec. 11(a), Standing Rules of the Senate.) 
Each such report shall also contain an 
evaluation, made by the Committee, of the 
regulatory impact which would be incurred 
in carrying out the bill or joint resolution. 
The evaluation shall include (a) an estimate 
of the numbers of individuals and businesses 
who would be regulated and a determination 
of the groups and classes of such individuals 
and businesses, (b) a determination of the 
economic impact of such regulation on the 
individuals, consumers, and businesses af-
fected, (c) a determination of the impact on 
the personal privacy of the individuals af-
fected, and (d) a determination of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:27 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00016
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.070
S22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 25-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S767 
February 22, 2021 
amount of paperwork that will result from 
the regulations to be promulgated pursuant 
to the bill or joint resolution, which deter-
mination may include, but need not be lim-
ited to, estimates of the amount of time and 
financial costs required of affected parties, 
showing whether the effects of the bill or 
joint resolution could be substantial, as well 
as reasonable estimates of the recordkeeping 
requirements that may be associated with 
the bill or joint resolution. Or, in lieu of the 
forgoing evaluation, the report shall include 
a statement of the reasons for failure by the 
Committee to comply with these require-
ments as impracticable, in the event of in-
ability to comply therewith. (Rule XXVI, 
Sec. 11(b), Standing Rules of the Senate.) 
Rule 7. Committee Confidentiality 
Any Senator, officer, or employee of the 
Senate who shall disclose the secret or con-
fidential business or proceedings of the Sen-
ate, including the business and proceedings 
of the committees, subcommittees, and of-
fices of the Senate, shall be liable, if a Sen-
ator, to suffer expulsion from the body; and 
if an officer or employee, to dismissal from 
the service of the Senate, and to punishment 
for contempt. (Rule XXIX, Sec. 5, Standing 
Rules of the Senate.) 
Rule 8. Subcommittees and Subcommittee Proce-
dures 
A. Regularly established Subcommittees. 
The Committee shall have three regularly 
established Subcommittees. The Subcommit-
tees are as follows: 
PERMANENT SUBCOMMITTEE ON IN-
VESTIGATIONS 
SUBCOMMITTEE 
ON 
EMERGING 
THREATS AND SPENDING OVERSIGHT 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON GOVERNMENT OP-
ERATIONS AND BORDER MANAGEMENT 
B. Ad hoc Subcommittees. Following con-
sultation with the Ranking Minority Mem-
ber, the Chair shall, from time to time, es-
tablish such ad hoc Subcommittees as the 
Chair deems necessary to expedite Com-
mittee business. 
C. Subcommittee membership. Following 
consultation with the Majority Members, 
and the Ranking Minority Member of the 
Committee, the Chair shall announce selec-
tions for membership on the Subcommittees 
referred to in paragraphs A and B, above. 
(1) The Chair and Ranking Minority Mem-
ber shall serve as nonvoting ex officio mem-
bers of the subcommittees on which they do 
not serve as voting members. 
(2) Any Member of the Committee may at-
tend hearings held by any subcommittee and 
question witnesses testifying before that 
Subcommittee, subject to the approval of 
the Subcommittee Chair and Ranking Mem-
ber. 
D. Subcommittee meetings and hearings. 
Each Subcommittee of this Committee is au-
thorized to establish meeting dates and 
adopt rules not inconsistent with the rules of 
the Committee except as provided in Rules 
2(D) and 8(E). 
E. Subcommittee subpoenas. Each Sub-
committee is authorized to adopt rules con-
cerning subpoenas which need not be con-
sistent with the rules of the Committee; pro-
vided: 
(1) A written notice of intent to issue the 
subpoena shall be provided to the Chair and 
Ranking Minority Member of the Com-
mittee, or staff officers designated by them, 
by the Subcommittee Chair or a staff officer 
designated by the Subcommittee Chair im-
mediately upon such authorization, and no 
subpoena shall be issued for at least 2 cal-
endar days, excluding Saturdays, Sundays, 
and legal holidays in which the Senate is not 
in session, from delivery to the appropriate 
offices, unless the Chair and Ranking Minor-
ity Member waive the notice period or unless 
the Subcommittee Chair certifies in writing 
to the Chair and Ranking Minority Member 
that, in the Subcommittee Chair’s opinion, 
it is necessary to issue a subpoena imme-
diately. 
F. Subcommittee budgets. During the first 
year of a new Congress, each Subcommittee 
that requires authorization for the expendi-
ture of funds for the conduct of inquiries and 
investigations, shall file with the chief clerk 
of the Committee, by a date and time pre-
scribed by the Chair, its request for funds for 
the two (2) 12-month periods beginning on 
March 1 and extending through and includ-
ing the last day of February of the 2 fol-
lowing years, which years comprise that 
Congress. Each such request shall be sub-
mitted on the budget form prescribed by the 
Committee on Rules and Administration, 
and shall be accompanied by a written jus-
tification addressed to the Chair of the Com-
mittee, which shall include (1) a statement 
of the Subcommittee’s area of activities, (2) 
its accomplishments during the preceding 
Congress detailed year by year, and (3) a 
table showing a comparison between (a) the 
funds authorized for expenditure during the 
preceding Congress detailed year by year, (b) 
the funds actually expended during that Con-
gress detailed year by year, (c) the amount 
requested for each year of the Congress, and 
(d) the number of professional and clerical 
staff members and consultants employed by 
the Subcommittee during the preceding Con-
gress detailed year by year and the number 
of such personnel requested for each year of 
the Congress. The Chair may request addi-
tional reports from the Subcommittees re-
garding their activities and budgets at any 
time during a Congress. (Rule XXVI, Sec. 9, 
Standing Rules of the Senate.) 
Rule 9. Confirmation Standards and Procedures 
A. Standards. In considering a nomination, 
the Committee shall inquire into the nomi-
nee’s experience, qualifications, suitability, 
and integrity to serve in the position to 
which the nominee has been nominated. The 
Committee shall recommend confirmation, 
upon finding that the nominee has the nec-
essary integrity and is affirmatively quali-
fied by reason of training, education, or ex-
perience to carry out the functions of the of-
fice to which the nominee was nominated. 
B. Information concerning the Nominee. 
Each nominee shall submit the following in-
formation to the Committee: 
(1) A detailed biographical resume which 
contains information relating to education, 
employment, and achievements; 
(2) Financial information, in such speci-
ficity as the Committee deems necessary, in-
cluding a list of assets and liabilities of the 
nominee and tax returns for the 3 years pre-
ceding the time of the person’s nomination, 
and copies of other relevant documents re-
quested by the Committee, such as a pro-
posed blind trust agreement, necessary for 
the Committee’s consideration; and 
(3) Copies of other relevant documents the 
Committee may request, such as responses 
to questions concerning the policies and pro-
grams the nominee intends to pursue upon 
taking office. At the request of the Chair or 
the Ranking Minority Member, a nominee 
shall be required to submit a certified finan-
cial statement compiled by an independent 
auditor. Information received pursuant to 
this subsection shall be made available for 
public inspection; provided, however, that 
tax returns shall, after review by persons 
designated in subsection (C) of this rule, be 
placed under seal to ensure confidentiality. 
C. Procedures for Committee inquiry. The 
Committee shall conduct an inquiry into the 
experience, qualifications, suitability, and 
integrity of nominees, and shall give par-
ticular attention to the following matters: 
(1) A review of the biographical informa-
tion provided by the nominee, including, but 
not limited to, any professional activities re-
lated to the duties of the office to which the 
person is nominated; 
(2) A review of the financial information 
provided by the nominee, including tax re-
turns for the 3 years preceding the time of 
the person’s nomination; 
(3) A review of any actions, taken or pro-
posed by the nominee, to remedy conflicts of 
interest; and 
(4) A review of any personal or legal mat-
ter which may bear upon the nominee’s 
qualifications for the office to which the per-
son is nominated. For the purpose of assist-
ing the Committee in the conduct of this in-
quiry, a Majority investigator or investiga-
tors shall be designated by the Chair and a 
Minority investigator or investigators shall 
be designated by the Ranking Minority 
Member. The Chair, Ranking Minority Mem-
ber, other Members of the Committee, and 
designated investigators shall have access to 
all investigative reports on nominees pre-
pared by any Federal agency, including ac-
cess to the report of the Federal Bureau of 
Investigation. The Committee may request 
the assistance of the U.S. Government Ac-
countability Office and any other such ex-
pert opinion as may be necessary in con-
ducting its review of information provided 
by nominees. 
D. Report on the Nominee. After a review 
of all information pertinent to the nomina-
tion, a confidential report on the nominee 
shall be made in the case of judicial nomi-
nees and may be made in the case of non-ju-
dicial nominees by the designated investiga-
tors to the Chair and the Ranking Minority 
Member and, upon request, to any other 
Member of the Committee. The report shall 
summarize the steps taken by the Com-
mittee during its investigation of the nomi-
nee and the results of the Committee in-
quiry, including any unresolved matters that 
have been raised during the course of the in-
quiry. 
E. Hearings. The Committee shall conduct 
a public hearing during which the nominee 
shall be called to testify under oath on all 
matters relating to the nominee’s suitability 
for office, including the policies and pro-
grams which the nominee will pursue while 
in that position. No hearing shall be held 
until at least 3 calendar days after the fol-
lowing events have occurred: The nominee 
has responded to prehearing questions sub-
mitted by the Committee; and, if applicable, 
the report described in subsection (D) has 
been made to the Chair and Ranking Minor-
ity Member, and is available to other Mem-
bers of the Committee, upon request. 
F. Action on confirmation. A mark-up on a 
nomination shall not occur on the same day 
that the hearing on the nominee is held. In 
order to assist the Committee in reaching a 
recommendation on confirmation, the staff 
may make an oral presentation to the Com-
mittee at the mark-up, factually summa-
rizing the nominee’s background and the 
steps taken during the pre-hearing inquiry. 
G. Application. The procedures contained 
in subsections (C), (D), (E), and (F) of this 
rule shall apply to persons nominated by the 
President to positions requiring their full- 
time service. At the discretion of the Chair 
and Ranking Minority Member, those proce-
dures may apply to persons nominated by 
the President to serve on a part-time basis. 
Rule 10. Personnel Actions Affecting Committee 
Staff 
In accordance with Rule XLII of the Stand-
ing Rules of the Senate and the Congres-
sional Accountability Act of 1995 (P.L. 104-1), 
all personnel actions affecting the staff of 
the Committee shall be made free from any 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:27 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00017
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.071
S22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 26-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S768 
February 22, 2021 
discrimination based on race, color, religion, 
sex, national origin, age, state of physical 
handicap, or disability. 
Rule 11. Apprisal of Committee Business 
The Chair and Ranking Minority Member 
shall keep each other apprised of hearings, 
investigations, and other Committee busi-
ness. 
Rule 12. Per Diem for Foreign Travel 
A per diem allowance provided a Member 
of the Committee or staff of the Committee 
in connection with foreign travel shall be 
used solely for lodging, food, and related ex-
penses and it is the responsibility of the 
Member of the Committee or staff of the 
Committee receiving such an allowance to 
return to the United States Government that 
portion of the allowance received which is 
not actually used for necessary lodging, food, 
and related expenses. (Rule XXXIX, Para-
graph 3, Standing Rules of the Senate.) 
f 
IMPEACHMENT 
Ms. 
CANTWELL. 
Mr. 
President, 
every President swears an oath to pre-
serve, protect, and defend the Constitu-
tion of the United States. Every Presi-
dent has a solemn duty to uphold the 
rule of law and to preserve our demo-
cratic system. No one is above the law, 
not even a President. 
President Trump violated his oath. 
He promulgated lies about the election, 
used his office to try to interfere with 
election officials doing their job, and 
failed to protect our Capitol from a 
mob that clearly intended to cause 
physical harm to elected officials and 
to stop the lawful certification of elec-
tion results. 
For months, President Trump used 
his platform as President—at rallies, 
on Twitter, and in press interviews—to 
spread disinformation, making unsub-
stantiated and false claims about vot-
ing by mail, vote rigging, and fraud in 
counting 
ballots. 
President 
Trump 
pressured State and local officials 
across the country to reject election 
results without evidence. He called 
Georgia 
Secretary 
of 
State 
Brad 
Raffensperger to pressure him to find 
the votes he needed to win the State. 
Even after President Trump lost 61 
election-related cases in State and 
Federal courts, he continued to insist 
the election was stolen from him. In 
the process, President Trump sowed 
doubt and provoked his supporters. 
President Trump summoned his sup-
porters to Washington, DC, on January 
6. They included known domestic vio-
lent extremists, including the Proud 
Boys, the Oath Keepers, and other 
White supremacists and far-right mili-
tia groups. Federal law enforcement 
had warned about the threat of vio-
lence from armed members of these 
groups. Nevertheless, President Trump 
urged his supporters to march to the 
U.S. Capitol and to fight and told them 
they will ‘‘never take back our country 
with weakness.’’ He said he would 
march with them. 
Instead of trying to stop them, Presi-
dent Trump continued to support ac-
tions by the insurrectionists even after 
they breached the Capitol Building, 
overwhelmed and unleashed violence 
against law enforcement, and put at 
risk the lives of the Vice President, 
Members of Congress, Capitol Police 
officers, and staff members. Four insur-
rectionists died. In all, 140 law enforce-
ment personnel were injured and 1 po-
lice 
officer, 
Capitol 
Police 
Officer 
Brian Sicknick, was killed. Two more 
police officers later died as a result of 
the insurrection. 
Many of the insurrectionists said 
they were there at the direction of 
President Trump. And the President 
did not call on his followers to stand 
down or send reinforcements to help 
the overwhelmed law enforcement at 
the Capitol. Instead, we know from a 
statement from Washington Congress-
woman JAIME HERRERA BEUTLER en-
tered into the trial record that Presi-
dent Trump refused to help bring an 
end to the insurrection even after 
House 
Republican 
Leader 
KEVIN 
MCCARTHY urged him to act. 
In this moment and in the weeks and 
months leading up to the insurrection, 
President Trump violated his duty to 
the Constitution and his oath of office. 
There must be accountability. Without 
accountability, we are setting a dan-
gerous precedent—one that says that 
the President is above the law and did 
not uphold his oath to ensure the 
peaceful transfer of power. 
It is also important to recognize that 
the events that unfolded on January 6 
did not occur in isolation. They were 
the culmination of years of President 
Trump stoking the flames of racial 
tension and division, as the House im-
peachment managers have concisely 
laid out. 
Throughout President Trump’s time 
in office, hate crimes rose to levels not 
seen in over a decade. The rise in do-
mestic violent extremism has been 
publicly acknowledged by President 
Trump’s own FBI Director, Christopher 
Wray, who identified it as the most se-
vere threat to the homeland. Director 
Wray has testified that racially-moti-
vated violent extremists make up the 
largest aspect of domestic violent ex-
tremist cases, often involving militia 
groups, such as the ones who were 
present during the January 6th insur-
rection. 
In the Northwest we have faced 
threats from racially-motived extrem-
ists and armed anti-government mili-
tia groups for decades, including the 
siege of Ruby Ridge, ID, in 1992, the 
Aryan Nations compound near Hayden 
Lake, ID, and the attempted bombing 
of Spokane’s Martin Luther King, Jr., 
memorial march in 2011. Groups that 
were among the insurrectionists on 
January 
6, 
including 
the 
Three 
Percenters, the Proud Boys, and the 
Oath Keepers, all have a significant 
presence in my State. In the last 4 
years, their activity has been on the 
rise. Following the insurrection at the 
U.S. Capitol, they threatened State 
capitals around our country, including 
in my State. An armed mob breached 
the gates outside of the Governor’s 
mansion in Olympia, surrounding Gov-
ernor Inslee’s residence on the capitol 
complex while his family was inside. 
This wasn’t the first time, however, 
that these armed extremist groups 
have showed up to demonstrations in 
my State. 
As this Senate trial has clearly 
shown, President Trump has repeatedly 
inflamed these groups and others. He 
encouraged violence at his rallies, 
called White nationalists and neo-Nazis 
in Charlottesville ‘‘very fine people,’’ 
refused to clearly condemn White su-
premacy during a Presidential debate, 
told the Proud Boys hate group to 
‘‘stand back and stand by,’’ and told 
the January 6th insurrectionists that 
he ‘‘loves them and they are very spe-
cial’’ after they had already laid siege 
to our Capitol and committed heinous 
acts of violence. That encouragement 
has had consequences, as we saw in 
Charlottesville and on January 6. 
President Trump’s responsibility is 
clear. He violated his oath of office and 
tried to overturn the results of the 
election. Free and fair elections are the 
bedrock of democracy. Generations of 
Americans gave their lives for our free-
dom, for our right to vote, and for the 
peaceful transfer of power. I voted to 
hold President Trump accountable for 
committing a high crime against our 
governmental system and to safeguard 
the future of democracy in the United 
States of America. 
Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, 1 year 
ago, I said upon the conclusion of 
President Trump’s first impeachment 
trial,‘‘Unchallenged evil spreads like a 
virus,’’ and that acquittal would lead 
to worse behavior. The events of Janu-
ary 6—seven dead, the first siege of our 
Capitol in over 200 years, the disrup-
tion of the peaceful transfer of power— 
are the direct result of that first ac-
quittal. I voted to convict because 
seven needlessly died and hundreds 
were injured by a former President’s 
egregious lies. So many risked all to 
protect us. The least we can do is pro-
tect them by voting to condemn and 
thus prevent behavior that should 
never be repeated. 
Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, just min-
utes after the attack of January 6 
began, I said it was not only unpatri-
otic, it was un-American. I do not need 
to be convinced that what happened on 
that day was the disgraceful work of a 
treasonous criminal mob. But seeing 
images of that attack stirred up anger 
in me, anger that our Nation was em-
barrassed in the eyes of the world by 
our own citizen; anger that Capitol Po-
lice officers that my family and I know 
personally had to deal with these low- 
lives; anger that janitorial and food 
service staff I have gotten to know— 
many who came to America to get 
away from countries with political vio-
lence—had to clean up the mess left be-
hind by these cretins. 
But, if we have learned anything this 
week, it should be how dangerous it is 
to allow anger to influence actions. 
The lead House Manager argued 
today that this trial isn’t about Donald 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:27 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00018
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.072
S22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 27-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S769 
February 22, 2021 
Trump, that it was about our country, 
and that those who refuse to vote to 
convict are condoning the actions of a 
violent mob and failing to defend the 
honor of our Capitol and the people 
who work here. This is a ridiculous and 
insulting argument. 
Impeachment is not a way of sending 
a message or taking symbolic action. 
Impeachment exists for one principal 
reason: to remove from office an office-
holder 
guilty 
of 
wrongdoing. 
And 
claiming that anyone who doesn’t vote 
to convict someone no longer in office 
is the equivalent of supporting a crimi-
nal mob is nothing but hyperpartisan 
politicians 
masquerading 
as 
high-
minded prosecutors trying to smear 
their political opponents. 
The Senate does not have the con-
stitutional power to convict a former 
official, and even if we did, we should 
be very reluctant to use it. In the 244- 
year history of our Republic, we have 
never convicted and disqualified a 
former official in an impeachment 
trial. Doing so now would create a new 
precedent, and it would weaponize im-
peachment in a way we will come to re-
gret. 
The day will come when a future 
Congress, one with a new majority in 
the House filled with new Members 
elected on the promise of holding ac-
countable leaders of the opposite part, 
will give in to these passions and im-
peach a former official. The Senate will 
then find itself conducting a trial of 
that former official, a trial justified by 
the precedent we are asked to set here 
today, and a Senate tempted to convict 
by the tantalizing opportunity to dis-
qualify that official from future public 
office. 
My fear of creating dangerous prece-
dents is not new. Two years ago, I was 
accused by some in my party of being 
a traitor because I opposed using an 
emergency declaration to fund a border 
wall that I supported. I warned then 
that a future Democratic President 
would do the same thing to fund a 
Green New Deal. And now, just 2 years 
later, leading Democrats are calling for 
that very thing. 
The lead manager admitted today 
that, for the Democrats and their 
enablers working in the legacy media, 
the purpose of this trial was not to 
hold the former President accountable. 
The real purpose of this trial was to tar 
and feather not just the rioters, but 
anyone 
who 
supported 
the 
former 
President and any Senator who refuses 
to vote to convict. 
I voted to acquit former President 
Trump because I will not allow my 
anger over the criminal attack of Jan-
uary 6 nor the political intimidation 
from the left to lead me into sup-
porting 
a 
dangerous 
constitutional 
precedent. 
The election is over. A new President 
is in the White House, and a new Con-
gress has been sworn in. Let history 
and, if necessary, the courts judge the 
events of the past. We should be fo-
cused on the serious challenges of the 
present and preparing our country to 
confront the serious tests it will face in 
the future. 
Ms. HASSAN. Mr. President, during 
this impeachment trial, our country 
has re-lived the chilling and un-Amer-
ican assault on the foundations of our 
democracy. New video footage rein-
forced both the brutality of the rioters 
and also the heroism of members of law 
enforcement 
who—just 
barely—pre-
vented further loss of life. The personal 
threat of that day, however, is not 
nearly as troubling as the threat to our 
democracy. 
After listening to the arguments 
from the House Managers and former 
President Donald Trump’s defense, I 
voted to convict the former President. 
As dangerous as Donald Trump’s ac-
tions were over the course of the 
months, days, and hours leading up to 
the violent insurrection, my vote was 
less about holding Trump as an indi-
vidual accountable than it was about 
protecting our country from similar 
threats in the future, at his hands or at 
the hands of others. 
Impeachment is not designed to pun-
ish—it was included in our Constitu-
tion to protect the Republic from 
abuses of power and tyranny. I voted to 
protect the America that we know and 
love because January 6, 2021, will be 
our future if we tolerate what the im-
peachment trial showed was Trump’s 
concerted campaign to prevent the 
peaceful transition of power. 
Of all the things former President 
Trump did, it is actually what he did 
not do once he knew the Capitol was 
being attacked and his own Vice Presi-
dent, among others, was being threat-
ened that was most troubling. 
Should there be any doubt that 
Trump intended to disrupt the certifi-
cation of votes and encourage the vio-
lence that desecrated the Capitol, his 
decision to allow it to continue for 
hours should dispel that uncertainty. 
If he had not intended the violence 
when it began, his failure to exercise 
his power to secure the Capitol and 
protect those inside was itself a viola-
tion of his oath of office and merits 
conviction and disqualification from 
holding future office. 
Before Trump’s refusal to engage in 
the peaceful transfer of power, the pub-
lic could gather outside the Capitol; 
families could play soccer on the week-
ends, and tourists could take photos of 
this 
temple 
of 
democracy. 
Before 
COVID, the public could even walk 
right in, after being properly screened. 
But throughout the impeachment trial, 
we came to work through fences and 
barbed wire. There was no open space 
for the public because we have lost the 
common understanding that the Cap-
itol is place where we spar with words, 
not physical violence. 
It is fitting that the trial concluded 
right before we mark the birthday of 
George Washington, who helped estab-
lish some of the bedrock principles of 
our democracy not simply through his 
service as our first President, but by 
voluntarily surrendering the office, 
peacefully. 
Our union that Washington helped 
birth and that Lincoln managed to pre-
serve is still fragile, and it cannot be 
taken for granted. We will need to con-
tinue the work of investigating what 
led to the grim events of January 6 as 
well as what happened on that day, and 
we will need to take steps to make 
clear that acts of tyranny will not be 
tolerated in our country. 
We have considerable work ahead to 
bring our country together and strive 
for greater opportunity for all, both in 
the face of this pandemic and beyond. I 
am committed to continuing that work 
and showing the American people and 
the world that we are resilient, strong, 
and willing to renew our commitment 
to government of, for, and by the peo-
ple. 
Thank you. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES DURING 
ADJOURNMENT 
Under the authority of the order of 
the Senate of February 13, 2021, the fol-
lowing reports of committees were sub-
mitted on February 19, 2021: 
By Mr. WYDEN, from the Committee on 
Finance, without amendment: S. Res. 63. An 
original resolution authorizing expenditures 
by the Committee on Finance. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE 
RESOLUTIONS 
DURING 
ADJOURNMENT 
On February 19, 2021, under the au-
thority of the order of the Senate of 
February 13, 2021, the following concur-
rent resolutions and Senate resolutions 
were read, and referred (or acted upon), 
as indicated: 
By Mr. WYDEN: 
S. Res. 63. An original resolution author-
izing expenditures by the Committee on Fi-
nance; from the Committee on Finance; to 
the Committee on Rules and Administration. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS DURING 
ADJOURNMENT FEBRUARY 19, 2021 
SENATE RESOLUTION 63—AUTHOR-
IZING 
EXPENDITURES 
BY 
THE 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE 
Mr. WYDEN submitted the following 
resolution; from the Committee on Fi-
nance; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Rules and Administration: 
S. RES. 63 
Resolved, That, in carrying out its powers, 
duties, and functions under the Standing 
Rules of the Senate, in accordance with its 
jurisdiction under rule XXV of such rules, in-
cluding holding hearings, reporting such 
hearings, and making investigations as au-
thorized by paragraphs 1 and 8 of rule XXVI 
of the Standing Rules of the Senate, the 
Committee on Finance is authorized from 
March 1, 2021, through September 30, 2021; 
October 1, 2021, through September 30, 2022; 
and October 1, 2022, through February 28, 
2023, in its discretion (1) to make expendi-
tures from the contingent fund of the Sen-
ate, (2) to employ personnel, and (3) with the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:27 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00019
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.064
S22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 28-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S770 
February 22, 2021 
prior consent of the Government department 
or agency concerned and the Committee on 
Rules and Administration, to use on a reim-
bursable or non-reimbursable basis the serv-
ices of personnel of any such department or 
agency. 
SEC. 2. (a) The expenses of the committee 
for the period March 1, 2021, through Sep-
tember 30, 2021, under this resolution shall 
not exceed $5,527,337, of which amount (1) not 
to exceed $17,500 may be expended for the 
procurement of the services of individual 
consultants, or organizations thereof (as au-
thorized by section 202(i) of the Legislative 
Reorganization Act of 1946, as amended), and 
(2) not to exceed $5,833 may be expended for 
the training of the professional staff of such 
committee (under procedures specified by 
section 202(j) of the Legislative Reorganiza-
tion Act of 1946). 
(b) For the period October 1, 2021, through 
September 30, 2022, expenses of the com-
mittee under this resolution shall not exceed 
$9,475,434, of which amount (1) not to exceed 
$30,000 may be expended for the procurement 
of the services of individual consultants, or 
organizations thereof (as authorized by sec-
tion 202(i) of the Legislative Reorganization 
Act of 1946, as amended), and (2) not to ex-
ceed $10,000 may be expended for the training 
of the professional staff of such committee 
(under procedures specified by section 202(j) 
of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 
1946). 
(c) For the period October 1, 2022, through 
February 28, 2023, expenses of the committee 
under 
this 
resolution 
shall 
not 
exceed 
$3,948,098, of which amount (1) not to exceed 
$12,500 may be expended for the procurement 
of the services of individual consultants, or 
organizations thereof (as authorized by sec-
tion 202(i) of the Legislative Reorganization 
Act of 1946, as amended), and (2) not to ex-
ceed $4,166 may be expended for the training 
of the professional staff of such committee 
(under procedures specified by section 202(j) 
of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 
1946). 
SEC. 3. The committee shall report its find-
ings, together with such recommendations 
for legislation as it deems advisable, to the 
Senate at the earliest practicable date, but 
not later than February 28, 2021. 
SEC. 4. Expenses of the committee under 
this resolution shall be paid from the contin-
gent fund of the Senate upon vouchers ap-
proved by the chairman of the committee, 
except that vouchers shall not be required (1) 
for the disbursement of salaries of employees 
paid at an annual rate, or (2) for the pay-
ment of telecommunications provided by the 
Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Door-
keeper, United States Senate, or (3) for the 
payment of stationery supplies purchased 
through the Keeper of the Stationery, United 
States Senate, or (4) for payments to the 
Postmaster, United States Senate, or (5) for 
the payment of metered charges on copying 
equipment provided by the Office of the Ser-
geant at Arms and Doorkeeper, United 
States Senate, or (6) for the payment of Sen-
ate Recording and Photographic Services, or 
(7) for payment of franked and mass mail 
costs by the Sergeant at Arms and Door-
keeper, United States Senate. 
SEC. 5. There are authorized such sums as 
may be necessary for agency contributions 
related to the compensation of employees of 
the committee from March 1, 2021, through 
September 30, 2021; October 1, 2021, through 
September 30, 2022; and October 1, 2022, 
through February 28, 2023, to be paid from 
the Appropriations account for Expenses of 
Inquiries and Investigations. 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages from the President of the 
United States were communicated to 
the Senate by Ms. Ridgway, one of his 
secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED 
In executive session the Presiding Of-
ficer laid before the Senate messages 
from the President of the United 
States submitting sundry nominations 
which were referred to the appropriate 
committees. 
(The messages received today are 
printed at the end of the Senate pro-
ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 3:02 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by 
Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, 
announced that pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 
6913, and the order of the House of Jan-
uary 4, 2021, the Speaker appoints the 
following Members on the part of the 
House of Representatives to the Con-
gressional-Executive Commission on 
the People’s Republic of China: Mr. 
MCGOVERN of Massachusetts, Co-Chair 
and Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. 
The message further announced that 
pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 7002, the Minority 
Leader appoints the following member 
to the United States-China Economic 
and Security Review Commission: Dr. 
Derek M. Scissors of Bethesda, Mary-
land. 
The message also announced that 
pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 7002, the Minority 
Leader appoints the following indi-
vidual to the United States-China Eco-
nomic and Security Review Commis-
sion to fill the existing vacancy there-
on: Mr. Alex N. Won of Wyckoff, New 
Jersey. 
The message further announced that 
pursuant to section 4(b) of House Reso-
lution 8, 117th Congress, the Minority 
Leader appoints the following Member 
to the Tom Lantos Human Rights Com-
mission to serve as the Republican Co- 
Chairman: The Honorable CHRISTOPHER 
H. SMITH of New Jersey. 
The message also announced that 
pursuant to section 4(b) of House Reso-
lution 8, 117th Congress, and the order 
of the House of January 4, 2021, the 
Speaker appoints the following Mem-
ber to serve as Co-Chair of the Tom 
Lantos Human Rights Commission: Mr. 
MCGOVERN of Massachusetts. 
The message further announced that 
pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 1024(a), and the 
order of the House of January 4, 2021, 
the Speaker appoints the following 
Members on the part of the House of 
Representatives to the Joint Economic 
Committee: Mr. BEYER of Virginia and 
Mr. SCHWEIKERT of Arizona. 
The message also announced that 
pursuant to section 2(b) of Public Law 
116–156, as amended by Public Law 116– 
260, and the order of the House of Janu-
ary 4, 2021, the Speaker appoints the 
following individual on the part of the 
House of Representatives to the Com-
mission on the Social Status of Black 
Men and Boys: Dr. Joseph E. Marshall, 
Jr. of San Francisco, California. 
The message further announced that 
pursuant to section 2(b) of the Commis-
sion on the Social Status of Black Men 
and Boys Act (Public Law 116–156), 
amended by section 201 of title II, divi-
sion O of the Consolidated Appropria-
tions Act of 2021, the Minority Leader 
appoints the following member to the 
Commission on the Social Status of 
Black Men and Boys: Mr. Marshall B. 
Dillard of Bakersfield, California. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. MENENDEZ, from the Committee 
on Foreign Relations, without amendment: 
S. Res. 64. An original resolution author-
izing expenditures by the Committee on For-
eign Relations. 
By Mr. CASEY, from the Special Com-
mittee on Aging, without amendment: 
S. Res. 65. An original resolution author-
izing expenditures by the Special Committee 
on Aging. 
By Mr. SANDERS, from the Committee on 
the Budget, without amendment: 
S. Res. 66. An original resolution author-
izing expenditures by the Committee on the 
Budget. 
By Mr. DURBIN, from the Committee on 
the Judiciary, without amendment: 
S. Res. 69. An original resolution author-
izing expenditures by the Committee on the 
Judiciary. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first 
and second times by unanimous con-
sent, and referred as indicated: 
By 
Mr. 
CASEY 
(for 
himself, 
Mr. 
MORAN, Mr. WYDEN, Mr. VAN HOLLEN, 
Mr. BOOZMAN, Mr. BLUMENTHAL, and 
Ms. MURKOWSKI): 
S. 331. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to increase the age require-
ment with respect to eligibility for qualified 
ABLE programs; to the Committee on Fi-
nance. 
By Mr. SCOTT of Florida: 
S. 332. A bill to authorize the President to 
use military force for the purpose of securing 
and defending Taiwan against armed attack, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Foreign Relations. 
By 
Mr. 
CASEY 
(for 
himself, 
Mr. 
WARNOCK, 
Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE, 
Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL, Mr. BOOKER, Ms. CANT-
WELL, Mr. MENENDEZ, Mrs. SHAHEEN, 
Ms. 
SMITH, 
Ms. 
KLOBUCHAR, 
Ms. 
DUCKWORTH, Mr. VAN
HOLLEN, Mr. 
BROWN, Ms. CORTEZ MASTO, Mr. REED, 
Ms. HIRONO, and Ms. HASSAN): 
S. 333. A bill to amend title XI and title 
XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide 
funding for State strike teams, technical as-
sistance, and infection control for resident 
and worker safety in skilled nursing facili-
ties and nursing facilities, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Finance. 
By 
Mr. 
CASEY 
(for 
himself, 
Mr. 
MENENDEZ, and Mr. BOOKER): 
S. 334. A bill to establish an alternative 
payment model demonstration project for 
maternity care provided to pregnant and 
postpartum individuals under State Med-
icaid and CHIP programs, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself, Mr. 
COONS, Mr. WHITEHOUSE, Mr. SCHATZ, 
and Mr. BURR): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:27 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00020
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.076
S22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 29-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S771 
February 22, 2021 
S. 335. A bill to reauthorize the Tropical 
Forest and Coral Reef Conservation Act of 
1998; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. 
PORTMAN): 
S. 336. A bill to amend the Omnibus Parks 
and Public Lands Management Act of 1996 to 
reauthorize the Ohio & Erie National Herit-
age Canalway, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources. 
By Mr. CASEY (for himself and Mr. 
MORAN): 
S. 337. A bill to establish a Senior Scams 
Prevention Advisory Council; to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-
tation. 
By Mr. BRAUN (for himself and Mr. 
SCOTT of South Carolina): 
S. 338. A bill to promote the general health 
and well-being of individuals accessing work 
through digital marketplace companies, and 
for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions . 
By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. 
MANCHIN): 
S. 339. A bill to amend the Controlled Sub-
stances Act to list fentanyl-related sub-
stances as schedule I controlled substances, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
the Judiciary. 
By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE): 
S. 340. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to increase the use of 
telehealth for substance use disorder treat-
ment and mental health services, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on Health 
, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mr. DUR-
BIN, and Ms. HIRONO): 
S. 341. A bill to provide justice for incar-
cerated moms, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. CORTEZ MASTO: 
S. 342. A bill to advance STEM education, 
provide for improved worker training, reten-
tion, and advancement, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Health, Edu-
cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. SCOTT of Florida (for himself 
and Ms. SINEMA): 
S. 343. A bill to require the Transportation 
Security Administration to conduct a feasi-
bility study on the use of canine units for 
COVID–19 detection at airports; to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-
tation. 
By Mr. TESTER (for himself, Mr. 
CRAPO, Mr. HOEVEN, Mr. PETERS, Mr. 
RISCH, Mr. WYDEN, Ms. STABENOW, 
Mr. BLUNT, Ms. WARREN, Mr. VAN 
HOLLEN, Mr. MENENDEZ, Mr. MARKEY, 
Ms. SINEMA, Ms. KLOBUCHAR, Ms. 
HIRONO, Mr. BOOZMAN, Mr. COONS, Mr. 
LEAHY, Mr. WHITEHOUSE, Mrs. SHA-
HEEN, 
Mr. 
BENNET, 
Ms. 
CORTEZ 
MASTO, Mr. BLUMENTHAL, Ms. SMITH, 
Ms. MURKOWSKI, Mr. CASEY, Mr. WAR-
NER, Ms. COLLINS, Mr. PORTMAN, Mr. 
MORAN, Mr. WICKER, Mr. MANCHIN, 
Mrs. GILLIBRAND, Mr. DAINES, Mrs. 
MURRAY, Mr. ROUNDS, Mrs. CAPITO, 
Mr. CRAMER, Mr. SANDERS, Mr. BAR-
RASSO, Mr. MERKLEY, Mr. BROWN, Ms. 
HASSAN, and Mr. DURBIN): 
S. 344. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to provide for concurrent re-
ceipt of veterans’ disability compensation 
and retirement pay for disability retirees 
with fewer than 20 years of service and a 
combat-related disability, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-
fairs. 
By Mr. KAINE: 
S. 345. A bill to establish a national cam-
paign 
to 
increase 
maternal 
vaccination 
rates; to the Committee on Health, Edu-
cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Ms. 
DUCKWORTH, Mrs. GILLIBRAND, Mr. 
DURBIN, Mr. KAINE, Mr. CASEY, Mr. 
PETERS, Ms. BALDWIN, Mr. MERKLEY, 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN, Ms. STABENOW, Mr. 
BENNET, Ms. WARREN, Mr. MENENDEZ, 
Mr. MARKEY, Mr. BLUMENTHAL, Ms. 
SMITH, Mr. BROWN, Mr. WHITEHOUSE, 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR, and Mr. WARNOCK): 
S. 346. A bill to end preventable maternal 
mortality and severe maternal morbidity in 
the United States and close disparities in 
maternal health outcomes, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on Health, Edu-
cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By 
Ms. 
SMITH 
(for 
herself, 
Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL, Ms. KLOBUCHAR, and 
Mr. MARKEY): 
S. 347. A bill to improve the collection and 
review of maternal health data to address 
maternal mortality, serve maternal mor-
bidity, and other adverse maternal health 
outcomes; to the Committee on Health, Edu-
cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. 
SCHUMER, Mr. PADILLA, Mr. LUJAN, 
Mr. BOOKER, Ms. HIRONO, Ms. KLO-
BUCHAR, 
Mr. 
SANDERS, 
Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL, Mrs. GILLIBRAND, Mr. 
COONS, Ms. BALDWIN, Mr. BENNET, Mr. 
SCHATZ, Mrs. FEINSTEIN, Mr. MARKEY, 
Ms. WARREN, Mr. HICKENLOOPER, Mr. 
DURBIN, Ms. ROSEN, Mr. VAN HOLLEN, 
Ms. DUCKWORTH, Ms. SMITH, Mr. CAR-
PER, Ms. CORTEZ
MASTO, and Mr. 
LEAHY): 
S. 348. A bill to provide an earned path to 
citizenship, to address the root causes of mi-
gration and responsibly manage the southern 
border, and to reform the immigrant visa 
system, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and 
Ms. COLLINS): 
S. 349. A bill to establish an advisory office 
within the Bureau of Consumer Protection of 
the Federal Trade Commission to prevent 
fraud targeting seniors, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Commerce, 
Science, and Transportation. 
By Ms. HASSAN (for herself and Mr. 
WICKER): 
S. 350. A bill to amend the Public Health 
Service Act to reauthorize certain programs 
under part A of title XI of such Act relating 
to genetic diseases, and for other purposes; 
to the Committee on Health, Education, 
Labor, and Pensions. 
By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and 
Mr. HOEVEN): 
S. 351. A bill to encourage States to require 
the installation of residential carbon mon-
oxide detectors in homes, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Commerce, 
Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. WARNER: 
S. 352. A bill to amend the Patient Protec-
tion and Affordable Care Act to reduce 
health care costs and expand health care 
coverage to more Americans; to the Com-
mittee on Finance. 
By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Ms. 
SMITH, and Mrs. GILLIBRAND): 
S. 353. A bill to incentivize banning of 
chokeholds and carotid holds, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-
ary. 
By Mr. WARNER (for himself, Mr. 
KAINE, Mr. CARDIN, and Mr. VAN HOL-
LEN): 
S. 354. A bill to reauthorize funding to the 
Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Au-
thority contingent on improvements to the 
governance and operations of the Transit 
Authority; to the Committee on Banking, 
Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. VAN HOLLEN (for himself, Mr. 
MERKLEY, 
Mr. 
BROWN, 
and 
Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL): 
S. 355. A bill to provide immediate relief 
for patients from certain medical debt col-
lection efforts during and immediately after 
the COVID–19 public health emergency; to 
the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions. 
By Ms. CORTEZ MASTO: 
S. 356. A bill to develop and improve the 
transportation workforce, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Commerce, 
Science, and Transportation. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and 
referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. MENENDEZ: 
S. Res. 64. An original resolution author-
izing expenditures by the Committee on For-
eign Relations; from the Committee on For-
eign Relations; to the Committee on Rules 
and Administration. 
By Mr. CASEY: 
S. Res. 65. An original resolution author-
izing expenditures by the Special Committee 
on Aging; from the Special Committee on 
Aging; to the Committee on Rules and Ad-
ministration. 
By Mr. SANDERS: 
S. Res. 66. An original resolution author-
izing expenditures by the Committee on the 
Budget; from the Committee on the Budget; 
to the Committee on Rules and Administra-
tion. 
By Mr. CORNYN: 
S. Res. 67. A resolution calling for the im-
mediate release of Trevor Reed, a United 
States citizen who was unjustly found guilty 
and sentenced to 9 years in a Russian prison; 
to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mr. 
CRAPO, Mr. BARRASSO, Ms. LUMMIS, 
Mr. MARSHALL, Mr. MORAN, Mrs. 
BLACKBURN, Mr. CRUZ, Mr. WICKER, 
Mr. PAUL, and Mr. TOOMEY): 
S. Res. 68. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the Senate that the President 
should submit the Paris Agreement to the 
Senate for review and consideration; to the 
Committee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mr. DURBIN: 
S. Res. 69. An original resolution author-
izing expenditures by the Committee on the 
Judiciary; from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary; to the Committee on Rules and Ad-
ministration. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 104 
At the request of Ms. SMITH, the 
name of the Senator from California 
(Mrs. FEINSTEIN) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 104, a bill to authorize the 
Director of the Centers for Disease 
Control and Prevention to carry out a 
Social Determinants of Health Pro-
gram, and for other purposes. 
S. 229 
At the request of Mr. RUBIO, the 
name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. 
SCOTT) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
229, a bill to amend the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Act to permit the Federal 
Deposit Insurance Corporation to ter-
minate the insured status of a deposi-
tory institution that refuses to provide 
services to certain Federal contractors, 
and for other purposes. 
S. 236 
At the request of Ms. BALDWIN, the 
names of the Senator from Minnesota 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:27 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00021
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.079
S22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 30-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S772 
February 22, 2021 
(Ms. SMITH), the Senator from Massa-
chusetts (Ms. WARREN), the Senator 
from Nevada (Ms. ROSEN), the Senator 
from Pennsylvania (Mr. CASEY) and the 
Senator from Michigan (Ms. STABENOW) 
were added as cosponsors of S. 236, a 
bill to improve activities for the gath-
ering of data on, and the tracking of, 
new variants of COVID–19. 
S. 243 
At the request of Mr. CRAMER, the 
name of the Senator from Michigan 
(Mr. PETERS) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 243, a bill to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to expand tax-free 
distributions from individual retire-
ment accounts to include rollovers for 
charitable life-income plans for chari-
table purposes. 
S. 251 
At the request of Mr. LEE, the name 
of the Senator from Wyoming (Ms. 
LUMMIS) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
251, a bill to provide that for purposes 
of determining compliance with title 
IX of the Education Amendments of 
1972 in athletics, sex shall be recog-
nized based solely on a person’s repro-
ductive biology and genetics at birth. 
S. 255 
At the request of Mr. WICKER, the 
names of the Senator from Mississippi 
(Mrs. HYDE-SMITH), the Senator from 
Michigan (Ms. STABENOW), the Senator 
from Connecticut (Mr. BLUMENTHAL) 
and the Senator from Colorado (Mr. 
BENNET) were added as cosponsors of S. 
255, a bill to establish a $120,000,000,000 
Restaurant Revitalization Fund to pro-
vide structured relief to food service or 
drinking establishments, and for other 
purposes. 
S. 293 
At the request of Mr. BRAUN, the 
name of the Senator from South Da-
kota (Mr. ROUNDS) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 293, a bill to protect the 
dignity of fetal remains, and for other 
purposes. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 64—AUTHOR-
IZING 
EXPENDITURES 
BY 
THE 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELA-
TIONS 
Mr. MENENDEZ submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; from the Committee 
on Foreign Relations; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Rules and 
Administration: 
S. RES. 64 
Resolved, 
SECTION 1. GENERAL AUTHORITY. 
In carrying out its powers, duties, and 
functions under the Standing Rules of the 
Senate, in accordance with its jurisdiction 
under rule XXV of the Standing Rules of the 
Senate, including holding hearings, report-
ing such hearings, and making investiga-
tions as authorized by paragraphs 1 and 8 of 
rule XXVI of the Standing Rules of the Sen-
ate, the Committee on Foreign Relations (in 
this resolution referred to as the ‘‘com-
mittee’’) is authorized from March 1, 2021 
through February 28, 2023, in its discretion, 
to— 
(1) make expenditures from the contingent 
fund of the Senate; 
(2) employ personnel; and 
(3) with the prior consent of the Govern-
ment department or agency concerned and 
the Committee on Rules and Administration, 
use on a reimbursable or nonreimbursable 
basis the services of personnel of any such 
department or agency. 
SEC. 2. EXPENSES. 
(a) EXPENSES
FOR
PERIOD
ENDING
SEP-
TEMBER 30, 2021.—The expenses of the com-
mittee for the period March 1, 2021 through 
September 30, 2021 under this resolution 
shall 
not 
exceed 
$4,816,102, 
of 
which 
amount— 
(1) not to exceed $150,000 may be expended 
for the procurement of the services of indi-
vidual consultants, or organizations thereof 
(as authorized by section 202(i) of the Legis-
lative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 
4301(i))); and 
(2) not to exceed $20,000 may be expended 
for the training of the professional staff of 
the committee (under procedures specified 
by section 202(j) of that Act). 
(b) EXPENSES
FOR FISCAL YEAR 2022 PE-
RIOD.—The expenses of the committee for the 
period October 1, 2021 through September 30, 
2022 under this resolution shall not exceed 
$8,256,175, of which amount— 
(1) not to exceed $150,000 may be expended 
for the procurement of the services of indi-
vidual consultants, or organizations thereof 
(as authorized by section 202(i) of the Legis-
lative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 
4301(i))); and 
(2) not to exceed $20,000 may be expended 
for the training of the professional staff of 
the committee (under procedures specified 
by section 202(j) of that Act). 
(c) EXPENSES FOR PERIOD ENDING FEBRUARY 
28, 2023.—The expenses of the committee for 
the period October 1, 2022 through February 
28, 2023 under this resolution shall not exceed 
$3,440,073, of which amount— 
(1) not to exceed $150,000 may be expended 
for the procurement of the services of indi-
vidual consultants, or organizations thereof 
(as authorized by section 202(i) of the Legis-
lative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 
4301(i))); and 
(2) not to exceed $20,000 may be expended 
for the training of the professional staff of 
the committee (under procedures specified 
by section 202(j) of that Act). 
SEC. 3. EXPENSES AND AGENCY CONTRIBUTIONS. 
(a) EXPENSES OF THE COMMITTEE.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), expenses of the committee 
under this resolution shall be paid from the 
contingent fund of the Senate upon vouchers 
approved by the chairman of the committee. 
(2) 
VOUCHERS
NOT
REQUIRED.—Vouchers 
shall not be required for— 
(A) the disbursement of salaries of employ-
ees paid at an annual rate; 
(B) the payment of telecommunications 
provided by the Office of the Sergeant at 
Arms and Doorkeeper; 
(C) the payment of stationery supplies pur-
chased through the Keeper of the Stationery; 
(D) payments to the Postmaster of the 
Senate; 
(E) the payment of metered charges on 
copying equipment provided by the Office of 
the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper; 
(F) the payment of Senate Recording and 
Photographic Services; or 
(G) the payment of franked and mass mail 
costs by the Sergeant at Arms and Door-
keeper. 
(b) AGENCY CONTRIBUTIONS.—There are au-
thorized to be paid from the appropriations 
account for ‘‘Expenses of Inquiries and Inves-
tigations’’ of the Senate such sums as may 
be necessary for agency contributions re-
lated to the compensation of employees of 
the committee— 
(1) for the period March 1, 2021 through 
September 30, 2021; 
(2) for the period October 1, 2021 through 
September 30, 2022; and 
(3) for the period October 1, 2022 through 
February 28, 2023. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 65—AUTHOR-
IZING 
EXPENDITURES 
BY 
THE 
SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON AGING 
Mr. CASEY submitted the following 
resolution; from the Special Com-
mittee on Aging; which was referred to 
the Committee on Rules and Adminis-
tration: 
S. RES. 65 
Resolved, 
SECTION 1. GENERAL AUTHORITY. 
In carrying out its powers, duties, and 
functions imposed by section 104 of S. Res. 4, 
agreed to February 4, 1977 (95th Congress), 
and in exercising the authority conferred on 
it by such section, the Special Committee on 
Aging (in this resolution referred to as the 
‘‘committee’’) is authorized from March 1, 
2021 through February 28, 2023, in its discre-
tion, to— 
(1) make expenditures from the contingent 
fund of the Senate; 
(2) employ personnel; and 
(3) with the prior consent of the Govern-
ment department or agency concerned and 
the Committee on Rules and Administration, 
use on a reimbursable or nonreimbursable 
basis the services of personnel of any such 
department or agency. 
SEC. 2. EXPENSES. 
(a) EXPENSES
FOR
PERIOD
ENDING
SEP-
TEMBER 30, 2021.—The expenses of the com-
mittee for the period March 1, 2021 through 
September 30, 2021 under this resolution 
shall 
not 
exceed 
$1,744,167, 
of 
which 
amount— 
(1) not to exceed $1,500 may be expended for 
the procurement of the services of individual 
consultants, or organizations thereof (as au-
thorized by section 202(i) of the Legislative 
Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))); 
and 
(2) not to exceed $3,000 may be expended for 
the training of the professional staff of the 
committee (under procedures specified by 
section 202(j) of that Act). 
(b) EXPENSES
FOR FISCAL YEAR 2022 PE-
RIOD.—The expenses of the committee for the 
period October 1, 2021 through September 30, 
2022 under this resolution shall not exceed 
$2,990,000, of which amount— 
(1) not to exceed $3,000 may be expended for 
the procurement of the services of individual 
consultants, or organizations thereof (as au-
thorized by section 202(i) of the Legislative 
Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))); 
and 
(2) not to exceed $3,000 may be expended for 
the training of the professional staff of the 
committee (under procedures specified by 
section 202(j) of that Act). 
(c) EXPENSES FOR PERIOD ENDING FEBRUARY 
28, 2023.—The expenses of the committee for 
the period October 1, 2022 through February 
28, 2023 under this resolution shall not exceed 
$1,245,833, of which amount— 
(1) not to exceed $1,250 may be expended for 
the procurement of the services of individual 
consultants, or organizations thereof (as au-
thorized by section 202(i) of the Legislative 
Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))); 
and 
(2) not to exceed $1,500 may be expended for 
the training of the professional staff of the 
committee (under procedures specified by 
section 202(j) of that Act). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:27 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00022
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.082
S22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 31-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S773 
February 22, 2021 
SEC. 3. EXPENSES AND AGENCY CONTRIBUTIONS. 
(a) EXPENSES OF THE COMMITTEE.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), expenses of the committee 
under this resolution shall be paid from the 
contingent fund of the Senate upon vouchers 
approved by the chairman of the committee. 
(2) 
VOUCHERS
NOT
REQUIRED.—Vouchers 
shall not be required for— 
(A) the disbursement of salaries of employ-
ees paid at an annual rate; 
(B) the payment of telecommunications 
provided by the Office of the Sergeant at 
Arms and Doorkeeper; 
(C) the payment of stationery supplies pur-
chased through the Keeper of the Stationery; 
(D) payments to the Postmaster of the 
Senate; 
(E) the payment of metered charges on 
copying equipment provided by the Office of 
the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper; 
(F) the payment of Senate Recording and 
Photographic Services; or 
(G) the payment of franked and mass mail 
costs by the Sergeant at Arms and Door-
keeper. 
(b) AGENCY CONTRIBUTIONS.—There are au-
thorized to be paid from the appropriations 
account for ‘‘Expenses of Inquiries and Inves-
tigations’’ of the Senate such sums as may 
be necessary for agency contributions re-
lated to the compensation of employees of 
the committee— 
(1) for the period March 1, 2021 through 
September 30, 2021; 
(2) for the period October 1, 2021 through 
September 30, 2022; and 
(3) for the period October 1, 2022 through 
February 28, 2023. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 66—AUTHOR-
IZING 
EXPENDITURES 
BY 
THE 
COMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET 
Mr. SANDERS submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; from the Committee 
on the Budget; which was referred to 
the Committee on Rules and Adminis-
tration: 
S. RES. 66 
Resolved, 
SECTION 1. GENERAL AUTHORITY. 
In carrying out its powers, duties, and 
functions under the Standing Rules of the 
Senate, in accordance with its jurisdiction 
under rule XXV of the Standing Rules of the 
Senate, including holding hearings, report-
ing such hearings, and making investiga-
tions as authorized by paragraphs 1 and 8 of 
rule XXVI of the Standing Rules of the Sen-
ate, the Committee on the Budget (in this 
resolution referred to as the ‘‘committee’’) is 
authorized from March 1, 2021 through Feb-
ruary 28, 2023, in its discretion, to— 
(1) make expenditures from the contingent 
fund of the Senate; 
(2) employ personnel; and 
(3) with the prior consent of the Govern-
ment department or agency concerned and 
the Committee on Rules and Administration, 
use on a reimbursable or nonreimbursable 
basis the services of personnel of any such 
department or agency. 
SEC. 2. EXPENSES. 
(a) EXPENSES
FOR
PERIOD
ENDING
SEP-
TEMBER 30, 2021.—The expenses of the com-
mittee for the period March 1, 2021 through 
September 30, 2021 under this resolution 
shall 
not 
exceed 
$3,703,929, 
of 
which 
amount— 
(1) not to exceed $15,000 may be expended 
for the procurement of the services of indi-
vidual consultants, or organizations thereof 
(as authorized by section 202(i) of the Legis-
lative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 
4301(i))); and 
(2) not to exceed $18,000 may be expended 
for the training of the professional staff of 
the committee (under procedures specified 
by section 202(j) of that Act). 
(b) EXPENSES
FOR FISCAL YEAR 2022 PE-
RIOD.—The expenses of the committee for the 
period October 1, 2021 through September 30, 
2022 under this resolution shall not exceed 
$6,348,919, of which amount— 
(1) not to exceed $40,000 may be expended 
for the procurement of the services of indi-
vidual consultants, or organizations thereof 
(as authorized by section 202(i) of the Legis-
lative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 
4301(i))); and 
(2) not to exceed $30,000 may be expended 
for the training of the professional staff of 
the committee (under procedures specified 
by section 202(j) of that Act). 
(c) EXPENSES FOR PERIOD ENDING FEBRUARY 
28, 2023.—The expenses of the committee for 
the period October 1, 2022 through February 
28, 2023 under this resolution shall not exceed 
$2,645,806, of which amount— 
(1) not to exceed $10,000 may be expended 
for the procurement of the services of indi-
vidual consultants, or organizations thereof 
(as authorized by section 202(i) of the Legis-
lative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 
4301(i))); and 
(2) not to exceed $10,000 may be expended 
for the training of the professional staff of 
the committee (under procedures specified 
by section 202(j) of that Act). 
SEC. 3. EXPENSES AND AGENCY CONTRIBUTIONS. 
(a) EXPENSES OF THE COMMITTEE.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), expenses of the committee 
under this resolution shall be paid from the 
contingent fund of the Senate upon vouchers 
approved by the chairman of the committee. 
(2) 
VOUCHERS
NOT
REQUIRED.—Vouchers 
shall not be required for— 
(A) the disbursement of salaries of employ-
ees paid at an annual rate; 
(B) the payment of telecommunications 
provided by the Office of the Sergeant at 
Arms and Doorkeeper; 
(C) the payment of stationery supplies pur-
chased through the Keeper of the Stationery; 
(D) payments to the Postmaster of the 
Senate; 
(E) the payment of metered charges on 
copying equipment provided by the Office of 
the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper; 
(F) the payment of Senate Recording and 
Photographic Services; or 
(G) the payment of franked and mass mail 
costs by the Sergeant at Arms and Door-
keeper. 
(b) AGENCY CONTRIBUTIONS.—There are au-
thorized to be paid from the appropriations 
account for ‘‘Expenses of Inquiries and Inves-
tigations’’ of the Senate such sums as may 
be necessary for agency contributions re-
lated to the compensation of employees of 
the committee— 
(1) for the period March 1, 2021 through 
September 30, 2021; 
(2) for the period October 1, 2021 through 
September 30, 2022; and 
(3) for the period October 1, 2022 through 
February 28, 2023. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 67—CALLING 
FOR THE IMMEDIATE RELEASE 
OF 
TREVOR 
REED, 
A 
UNITED 
STATES CITIZEN WHO WAS UN-
JUSTLY 
FOUND 
GUILTY 
AND 
SENTENCED TO 9 YEARS IN A 
RUSSIAN PRISON 
Mr. CORNYN submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was referred 
to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions: 
S. RES. 67 
Whereas United States citizen Trevor Reed 
is a resident of Granbury, Texas, and a 
United States Marine Corps veteran; 
Whereas Trevor Reed traveled to Moscow, 
Russia to visit his girlfriend on May 16, 2019; 
Whereas Moscow City Police detained 
Trevor Reed on August 16, 2019; 
Whereas Trevor Reed was accused of en-
dangering the lives of the police officers by 
grabbing the arm of the police officer driving 
the vehicle and elbowing another officer 
while enroute to the police station, causing 
the vehicle to swerve; 
Whereas Trevor Reed was not given food or 
water until approximately 72 hours after his 
initial arrest; 
Whereas Trevor Reed was not given a med-
ical evaluation of his injuries until 10 days 
following his arrest; 
Whereas the defense team representing 
Trevor Reed— 
(1) presented video evidence to the courts 
that disproved the statements by the police 
officers about supposed endangerment and 
wrongdoing; and 
(2) was denied access to additional video 
evidence from inside the police vehicle and 
police station that had the potential to 
prove Trevor Reed was innocent; 
Whereas the police officers claimed emo-
tional and physical damages, but they did 
not sustain any visible injuries or claim any 
time missed from work; 
Whereas the Constitutional Supreme Court 
of the Russian Federation and the Second 
Court of Cassation of General Jurisdiction 
concurred that Russian procedural law was 
violated in the way that Trevor Reed’s bail 
was revoked; 
Whereas the United States Embassy in 
Moscow has filed complaints with the Rus-
sian Foreign Ministry regarding denial of 
communications with Trevor Reed; 
Whereas during the trial, the defense coun-
sel representing Trevor Reed presented 59 
minutes of traffic camera video from 4 traf-
fic cameras that showed the police car— 
(1) did not change direction or leave its 
lane; 
(2) did not swerve; and 
(3) did not stop or slow down; 
Whereas the Investigative Bureau and 
Golovinsky District Court Judge Dimitry 
Arnout denied a request by Trevor Reed to 
investigate how his injuries occurred; 
Whereas, on July 30, 2020, Judge Arnout 
read a verdict that dismissed all defense evi-
dence, witnesses, and government experts 
and only considered select excerpts of the 
statements by the police officers; 
Whereas the judge sentenced Trevor Reed 
to 9 years in a prison camp even though— 
(1) no person had previously been sen-
tenced to more than 8 years in prison for 
similar crimes; and 
(2) lesser sentences have been given to indi-
viduals who used weapons to inflict life 
threatening injuries to police officers; 
Whereas the judge also ordered Trevor 
Reed to pay 100,000 rubles to each police offi-
cer for moral and physical injuries; 
Whereas Trevor Reed had already been de-
tained in Russia for 1 year at the time of the 
verdict by the judge; 
Whereas, after the Trevor Reed was sen-
tenced, the United States Ambassador to 
Russia, John Sullivan, stated that— 
(1) the case by the prosecution and the evi-
dence presented against Trevor Reed were 
‘‘so preposterous that they provoked laugh-
ter in the courtroom’’; 
(2) the conviction and sentence were ‘‘ri-
diculous’’; and 
(3) ‘‘justice was not even considered’’; 
Whereas upon appeal to the Moscow City 
Court, the Golovinsky District Court failed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:27 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00023
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.078
S22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 32-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S774 
February 22, 2021 
to provide Trevor Reed with translated cop-
ies of the decision by the court and trial 
transcripts as required by law; and 
Whereas Judge Arnout refused to correct 
corrupted transcripts even after being pro-
vided third-party certified corrections and 
ordered to do so by the appeals court: Now, 
therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) calls on the Government of the Russian 
Federation immediately release Trevor Reed 
and all other prisoners arrested for political 
motivations; 
(2) condemns the practice of politically 
motivated imprisonment in the Russian Fed-
eration, which violates the commitments of 
the Russian Federation to international obli-
gations with respect to human rights and the 
rule of law; 
(3) urges the United States Government, in 
all interactions with the Government of the 
Russian Federation, to raise the case of 
Trevor Reed and to press for his release; 
(4) expresses support for Trevor Reed, Paul 
Whelan, and all prisoners unjustly impris-
oned in the Russian Federation; 
(5) urges the Government of the Russian 
Federation provide unrestricted consular ac-
cess to Trevor Reed while he remains in de-
tention; 
(6) until the release of Trevor Reed, calls 
on the Government of the Russian Federa-
tion to— 
(A) provide Trevor Reed any necessary 
medical treatment and personal protective 
equipment; 
(B) notify the United States Ambassador 
to Russia of any medical problems or com-
plaints that arise during his detention; and 
(C) provide the United States Embassy in 
Moscow with full access to all of the medical 
records of Trevor Reed; 
(7) urges the Government of the Russian 
Federation to respect universally recognized 
human rights of Trevor Reed; and 
(8) expresses support to the family of 
Trevor Reed and a commitment to bringing 
Trevor Reed home. 
f 
SENATE 
RESOLUTION 
68—EX-
PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE 
SENATE THAT THE PRESIDENT 
SHOULD 
SUBMIT 
THE 
PARIS 
AGREEMENT 
TO 
THE 
SENATE 
FOR 
REVIEW 
AND 
CONSIDER-
ATION 
Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mr. CRAPO, 
Mr. BARRASSO, Ms. LUMMIS, Mr. MAR-
SHALL, Mr. MORAN, Mrs. BLACKBURN, 
Mr. CRUZ, Mr. WICKER, Mr. PAUL, and 
Mr. TOOMEY) submitted the following 
resolution; which was referred to the 
Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. RES. 68 
Whereas, in August 2016, President Obama 
entered the United States into the decision 
by the 21st Conference of Parties of the 
United Nations Framework Convention on 
Climate Change in Paris, France, adopted 
December 12, 2015 (referred to in this pre-
amble as the ‘‘Paris Agreement’’), without 
the advice and consent of the Senate as re-
quired by section 2 of article 2 of the Con-
stitution of the United States; 
Whereas President Trump announced that 
the United States would cease all implemen-
tation of the Paris Agreement in June 2017, 
and formally withdrew the United States 
from the Paris Agreement in November 2019, 
which withdrawal became effective in No-
vember 2020; 
Whereas, according to a report, by 2035, the 
Paris Agreement will result in— 
(1) an aggregate gross domestic product 
loss of over $2,500,000,000,000; 
(2) a 13 to 20 percent increase in household 
electricity expenditures; and 
(3) the loss of hundreds of thousands of 
jobs; 
Whereas the Paris Agreement, and cum-
bersome regulations associated with the 
Paris Agreement, put the economy of the 
United States at a competitive disadvantage 
and risk even greater job loss and energy 
rate increases at a time when the economy 
of the United States is already hurting from 
the COVID–19 pandemic; 
Whereas, in addition to the economic costs 
of the Paris Agreement, the Paris Agreement 
obligates United States taxpayer dollars to-
wards a $100,000,000,000 fund to assist climate 
change mitigation and adaptation in other 
countries with minimal oversight or trans-
parency; 
Whereas, according to a report, if every 
signatory of the Paris Agreement fulfills 
their— 
(1) commitment under the Paris Agree-
ment, the Paris Agreement will have a neg-
ligible impact on climate change, reducing 
global average temperatures by just 0.086 de-
grees Fahrenheit by 2100; or 
(2) commitment under the Paris Agree-
ment if the Paris Agreement were extended 
another 70 years, average global tempera-
tures would be reduced by just 0.306 degrees 
Fahrenheit by 2100; 
Whereas, through free-market innovation 
and investments in clean, efficient energy, 
the United States has seen the largest abso-
lute decline in emissions globally while 
emissions from several signatories of the 
Paris Agreement continue to increase; 
Whereas clause 2 of section 2 of article 2 of 
the Constitution of the United States pro-
vides that the President may only enter into 
a treaty ‘‘provided two thirds of the Sen-
ators present concur’’; 
Whereas section 723.3 of chapter 11 of the 
Foreign Affairs Manual of the Department of 
State 
provides 
that, 
‘‘[i]n 
determining 
whether any international agreement should 
be brought into force as a treaty or as an 
international agreement other than a treaty, 
the utmost care is to be exercised to avoid 
any invasion or compromise of the constitu-
tional powers of the Senate, Congress as a 
whole, or the President’’; 
Whereas, given the historical precedents, 
the potential costs and benefits, and the fact 
that the Paris Agreement could in future 
decades result in stronger obligations for the 
United States than the Senate anticipated 
when it gave its consent to ratifying the 
United Nations Framework Convention on 
Climate Change, done at New York May 9, 
1992, and entered into force March 21, 1994, 
the Paris Agreement is a treaty; and 
Whereas, on January 20, 2021, President 
Biden announced his intent to reenter the 
United States into the Paris Agreement 
without seeking the advice and consent of 
the Senate: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That it is the sense of the Senate 
that— 
(1) the decision by the 21st Conference of 
Parties of the United Nations Framework 
Convention on Climate Change in Paris, 
France, adopted December 12, 2015 (referred 
to in this resolution as the ‘‘Paris Agree-
ment’’), is considered a treaty requiring the 
advice and consent of the Senate; and 
(2) President Biden should immediately 
submit the Paris Agreement to the Senate. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 69—AUTHOR-
IZING 
EXPENDITURES 
BY 
THE 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY 
Mr. DURBIN submitted the following 
resolution; from the Committee on the 
Judiciary; which was referred to the 
Committee on Rules and Administra-
tion: 
S. RES. 69 
Resolved, 
SECTION 1. GENERAL AUTHORITY. 
In carrying out its powers, duties, and 
functions under the Standing Rules of the 
Senate, in accordance with its jurisdiction 
under rule XXV of the Standing Rules of the 
Senate, including holding hearings, report-
ing such hearings, and making investiga-
tions as authorized by paragraphs 1 and 8 of 
rule XXVI of the Standing Rules of the Sen-
ate, the Committee on the Judiciary (in this 
resolution referred to as the ‘‘committee’’) is 
authorized from March 1, 2021 through Feb-
ruary 28, 2023, in its discretion, to— 
(1) make expenditures from the contingent 
fund of the Senate; 
(2) employ personnel; and 
(3) with the prior consent of the Govern-
ment department or agency concerned and 
the Committee on Rules and Administration, 
use on a reimbursable or nonreimbursable 
basis the services of personnel of any such 
department or agency. 
SEC. 2. EXPENSES. 
(a) EXPENSES
FOR
PERIOD
ENDING
SEP-
TEMBER 30, 2021.—The expenses of the com-
mittee for the period March 1, 2021 through 
September 30, 2021 under this resolution 
shall not exceed $6,908,656, of which amount— 
(1) not to exceed $100,000 may be expended 
for the procurement of the services of indi-
vidual consultants, or organizations thereof 
(as authorized by section 202(i) of the Legis-
lative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 
4301(i))); and 
(2) not to exceed $10,000 may be expended 
for the training of the professional staff of 
the committee (under procedures specified 
by section 202(j) of that Act). 
(b) EXPENSES
FOR FISCAL YEAR 2022 PE-
RIOD.—The expenses of the committee for the 
period October 1, 2021 through September 30, 
2022 under this resolution shall not exceed 
$11,843,410, of which amount— 
(1) not to exceed $125,000 may be expended 
for the procurement of the services of indi-
vidual consultants, or organizations thereof 
(as authorized by section 202(i) of the Legis-
lative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 
4301(i))); and 
(2) not to exceed $15,000 may be expended 
for the training of the professional staff of 
the committee (under procedures specified 
by section 202(j) of that Act). 
(c) EXPENSES FOR PERIOD ENDING FEBRUARY 
28, 2023.—The expenses of the committee for 
the period October 1, 2022 through February 
28, 2023 under this resolution shall not exceed 
$4,934,754, of which amount— 
(1) not to exceed $80,000 may be expended 
for the procurement of the services of indi-
vidual consultants, or organizations thereof 
(as authorized by section 202(i) of the Legis-
lative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 
4301(i))); and 
(2) not to exceed $10,000 may be expended 
for the training of the professional staff of 
the committee (under procedures specified 
by section 202(j) of that Act). 
SEC. 3. EXPENSES AND AGENCY CONTRIBUTIONS. 
(a) EXPENSES OF THE COMMITTEE.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), expenses of the committee 
under this resolution shall be paid from the 
contingent fund of the Senate upon vouchers 
approved by the chairman of the committee. 
(2) 
VOUCHERS
NOT
REQUIRED.—Vouchers 
shall not be required for— 
(A) the disbursement of salaries of employ-
ees paid at an annual rate; 
(B) the payment of telecommunications 
provided by the Office of the Sergeant at 
Arms and Doorkeeper; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:27 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00024
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.085
S22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 33-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S775 
February 22, 2021 
(C) the payment of stationery supplies pur-
chased through the Keeper of the Stationery; 
(D) payments to the Postmaster of the 
Senate; 
(E) the payment of metered charges on 
copying equipment provided by the Office of 
the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper; 
(F) the payment of Senate Recording and 
Photographic Services; or 
(G) the payment of franked and mass mail 
costs by the Sergeant at Arms and Door-
keeper. 
(b) AGENCY CONTRIBUTIONS.—There are au-
thorized to be paid from the appropriations 
account for ‘‘Expenses of Inquiries and Inves-
tigations’’ of the Senate such sums as may 
be necessary for agency contributions re-
lated to the compensation of employees of 
the committee— 
(1) for the period March 1, 2021 through 
September 30, 2021; 
(2) for the period October 1, 2021 through 
September 30, 2022; and 
(3) for the period October 1, 2022 through 
February 28, 2023. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I 
have 2 requests for committees to meet 
during today’s session of the Senate. 
They have the approval of the Majority 
and Minority leaders. 
Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 
5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-
ate, the following committees are au-
thorized to meet during today’s session 
of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY 
The Committee on the Judiciary is 
authorized to meet during the session 
of the Senate on Monday, February 22, 
2021, at 9:30 a.m., to conduct a hearing 
on nominations. 
COMMITTEE ON RULES AND ADMINISTRATION 
The Committee on Rules and Admin-
istration is authorized to meet during 
the session of the Senate on Monday, 
February 22, 2021, at 5:45 p.m., to con-
duct a hearing. 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, 
FEBRUARY 23, 2021 
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that when the Sen-
ate completes its business today, it ad-
journ until 10:30 a.m., Tuesday, Feb-
ruary 23; further, that following the 
prayer and pledge, the morning hour be 
deemed expired, the Journal of pro-
ceedings be approved to date, the time 
for the two leaders be reserved for their 
use later in the day, and morning busi-
ness be closed; further, that upon con-
clusion of morning business, the Sen-
ate proceed to executive session as pro-
vided under the previous order. Fi-
nally, I ask unanimous consent that 
the Senate recess following the cloture 
vote on the Thomas-Greenfield nomi-
nation until 2:15 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10:30 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-
fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-
sent that it stand adjourned under the 
previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 6:18 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, 
February 23, 2021, at 10:30 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE 
JEWEL HAIRSTON BRONAUGH, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE DEP-
UTY SECRETARY OF AGRICULTURE, VICE STEPHEN 
CENSKY. 
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES 
CHIQUITA BROOKS–LASURE, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE AD-
MINISTRATOR OF THE CENTERS FOR MEDICARE AND 
MEDICAID SERVICES, VICE SEEMA VERMA. 
ANDREA JOAN PALM, OF WISCONSIN, TO BE DEPUTY 
SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, VICE 
ERIC D. HARGAN. 
NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD 
JENNIFER ANN ABRUZZO, OF NEW YORK, TO BE GEN-
ERAL COUNSEL OF THE NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS 
BOARD FOR A TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE PETER B. 
ROBB. 
DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION 
JAMES RICHARD KVAAL, OF MASSACHUSETTS, TO BE 
UNDER SECRETARY OF EDUCATION, VICE THEODORE 
REED MITCHELL. 
CYNTHIA MINETTE MARTEN, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE 
DEPUTY SECRETARY OF EDUCATION, VICE MITCHELL 
ZAIS. 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY 
DEANNE BENNETT CRISWELL, OF NEW YORK, TO BE AD-
MINISTRATOR OF THE FEDERAL EMERGENCY MANAGE-
MENT AGENCY, DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY, 
VICE PETER GAYNOR. 
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS 
RICHARD A. SAUBER, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, 
TO BE GENERAL COUNSEL, DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS 
AFFAIRS, VICE JAMES BYRNE, RESIGNED. 
IN THE AIR FORCE 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-
CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. SHARON R. BANNISTER 
BRIG. GEN. PAUL A. FRIEDRICHS 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-
CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. JOHN J. ALLEN 
BRIG. GEN. JASON R. ARMAGOST 
BRIG. GEN. MATTHEW W. DAVIDSON 
BRIG. GEN. EVAN C. DERTIEN 
BRIG. GEN. MICHAEL L. DOWNS 
BRIG. GEN. TROY E. DUNN 
BRIG. GEN. PETER M. FESLER 
BRIG. GEN. DAVID M. GAEDECKE 
BRIG. GEN. ANTHONY W. GENATEMPO 
BRIG. GEN. DAVID A. HARRIS, JR. 
BRIG. GEN. THOMAS K. HENSLEY 
BRIG. GEN. ROBERT S. JOBE 
BRIG. GEN. JEFFREY R. KING 
BRIG. GEN. LEONARD J. KOSINSKI 
BRIG. GEN. THOMAS E. KUNKEL 
BRIG. GEN. LAURA L. LENDERMAN 
BRIG. GEN. BROOK J. LEONARD 
BRIG. GEN. DAVID B. LYONS 
BRIG. GEN. MICHAEL E. MARTIN 
BRIG. GEN. ALBERT G. MILLER 
BRIG. GEN. HEATHER L. PRINGLE 
BRIG. GEN. CLARK J. QUINN 
BRIG. GEN. ADRIAN L. SPAIN 
BRIG. GEN. DANIEL H. TULLEY 
IN THE NAVY 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED 
UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) JAMES A. AIKEN 
REAR ADM. (LH) MICHAEL E. BOYLE 
REAR ADM. (LH) KEITH B. DAVIDS 
REAR ADM. (LH) LEONARD C. DOLLAGA 
REAR ADM. (LH) CHRISTOPHER S. GRAY 
REAR ADM. (LH) JOHN E. GUMBLETON 
REAR ADM. (LH) SARA A. JOYNER 
REAR ADM. (LH) JAMES A. KIRK 
REAR ADM. (LH) ANDREW J. LOISELLE 
REAR ADM. (LH) BRENDAN R. MCLANE 
REAR ADM. (LH) PETER G. VASELY 
REAR ADM. (LH) JAMES P. WATERS III 
REAR ADM. (LH) GEORGE M. WIKOFF 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED 
UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. CHRISTOPHER D. ALEXANDER 
CAPT. SEAN R. BAILEY 
CAPT. THOMAS R. BUCHANAN 
CAPT. CHRISTOPHER J. CAVANAUGH 
CAPT. BRAD J. COLLINS 
CAPT. JENNIFER S. COUTURE 
CAPT. WILLIAM R. DALY 
CAPT. ERIK J. ESLICH 
CAPT. RONALD A. FOY 
CAPT. PATRICK J. HANNIFIN 
CAPT. CHRISTOPHER A. KIJEK 
CAPT. OLIVER T. LEWIS 
CAPT. STEPHEN G. MACK 
CAPT. BENJAMIN R. NICHOLSON 
CAPT. RANDALL W. PECK 
CAPT. BENJAMIN G. REYNOLDS 
CAPT. MARK A. SCHAFER 
IN THE AIR FORCE 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR 
FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
TASRIF AHMED 
HIROKO J. AKUZAWA 
MESHVA P. AKWALIA 
MAX AMERICAN 
GILBERT P. ANCIRA 
HEISY B. ASUSTA 
JONATHAN A. AUN 
CHRISTINA N. AWAD 
ALINE A. BABIKIAN 
LINDSAY M. BACH 
JENNIFER A. BARCLAY 
MAX J. BARNES 
BENJAMIN J. BARRINGER 
ALAN J. BARTHOLOMEW 
AMANDA J. BATTEN 
COURTNEY BEAVER 
CODY W. BECKSVOORT 
MATTHEW J. BEGOLA 
SAMUEL W. BERGIN 
MATTHEW L. BEZZANT 
BRADIE N. BISHOP 
SHAWN M. BISHOP 
ROBERT H. BLANK 
SARAH B. BOBNICK 
CHELSEA K. BOCKELMAN 
JOSEPH P. BOWENS 
MITCHELL H. BOWMAN 
SAMANTHA J. BOYD 
ZACHARY T. BRADY 
DAKOTA T. BREISH 
KARIN JOYCE BROCKMAN 
ROGER J. BROGIS II 
ERIC M. BRUNK 
MICAH B. BUCY 
KELSEY A. CACIC 
ALYSE M. CARLSON 
SARAH L. CARROLL 
ELVIRA N. CHICCARELLI 
MICHELLE Y. CHUNG 
BROOKE LOKIE CLAMPITT 
MICHAEL R. CLAMPITT 
WILLIAM R. CLARK 
BRENDAN R. CLEARY 
HENRIK E. CLOSE 
MONIKA R. CLUNEY 
JONATHAN T. COLSTON 
LAUREN P. COOGLE 
NOAH M. COOPERSTEIN 
CATHERINE M. COSS 
ANGELA M. CURELL 
BENJAMIN D. DAHLBERG 
EVAN C. DANNHARDT 
MARIAH ELIZABETH DAVIS 
REBECCA DILLON 
JAMES D. DIZMANG 
KENT H. DO 
PHUONG N. DO 
SARAH S. DOLBEAR 
IULIAN B. DRAGUSIN 
CHRISTOPHER S. DURKIN 
TIMOTHY A. DURSO 
JARED M. EAMES 
TAYT M. ELLISON 
ERIC E. ENGSTROM 
DAVIS ERICKSON 
JOHN A. ESCOBEDO 
JORDAN R. EVANS 
JOHN D. FELTENBERGER 
MICHAEL C. FERRARO 
DANE A. FISHER 
ANGELIQUE S. FORRESTER 
WILLIAM C. FOX 
STEPHANIE TUTTLE FULLEBORN 
DEE T. GARDNER 
DAVID R. GARNER 
LORI C. GATZKE 
JOHN N. GAYK 
ANDREW S. GIEGER 
CAMERON S. GILBERT 
NICHOLAS W. GINTHER 
PAUL E. GONZALES 
FREDERICK P. GRIFFITH IV 
KARL J. GUBLER 
TIMOTHY M. GUENTHER 
SCOTT T. GUTHRIE 
CHRISTOPHER J. HABERKORN 
AMY E. HAMMEN 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:27 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00025
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 9801
E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.087
S22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 34-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S776 
February 22, 2021 
MICHAEL A. HARABAGLIA 
KYLE D. HARRIS 
JORDAN P. HAUSCHILD 
AMANDA M. HAWKINS 
TYSON F. HAWKLEY 
ZACHARY G. HEATH 
MARCUS R. HENNON 
ASHLEY M. HENRY 
MATTHEW M. HESSEL 
ALYSSA M. HEWITSON 
AREK HIDIRSAH 
HAKEEM F. HINDI 
DANIELLE A. HOLLAND 
PERRI C. HOPKINS 
LINDSAY M. HUCKABEE 
ASHLEY R. HUMPHRIES 
JASON T. HUNT 
SYED AHMED M. HUSSAIN 
SULEIMAN F. A. ISMAEL 
NATHAN A. JAMES 
NATHANIEL G. JIMENEZ 
JARED R. JOFFER 
BENJAMIN K. JOHNSON 
KIMERA JOSEPH 
ANDREW J. JUROVCIK 
JOSEPH D. KAMASSAI 
ERICA KAO 
ANDREA N. KEITHLER 
SHAREN CARIZO KEMP DUKES 
ANDREW M. KIM 
KAYLA M. KNUF 
KATHRYN R. KOCHER 
NATHAN T. KOLASINSKI 
KATHERINE KRAUSE 
ADAM J. KRUSE 
ANDREW M. KUNG 
LOUIS N. LACHMAN 
SARA ELIZABETH LAROSA 
HOWARD D. LEE 
KELLIANN LELI 
MICHELLE E. LEWIS 
BILLYJOE LIANE 
CLARISSA R. LOMONACO 
KEVIN A. LOUDERMILK 
ASHLEY LYNN LOUGHNER 
JENNIFER M. LYNDE 
MATTHEW W. MAHONY 
PETER J. MALAMET 
ANASTASIA H. MALETZ 
WYATT K. MALOY 
OMOJO ODIHI MALU 
JOSEPH E. MARCUS 
GREGGORY J. MARTINEZ 
MICHEAL A. MASSOUD 
SARA MATHEWS 
CHRISTOPHER W. MAXWELL, JR. 
JOSHUA D. MCCARRON 
WILLIAM D. MCCLAIN 
BRADLEY L. MCCULLOUGH, JR. 
KATHLEEN P. MCKENZIE 
JOHN D. MCKIE 
HILARY KOVACS MCKINLEY 
KATHERINE M. MILLER 
MISCHA LEV MONROE 
KRISTOPHER D. MOREHOUSE 
ANNE M. MURPHY 
SIERRA RENEE MUSICK 
NICHOLAS J. MYERS 
KATHARINE L. NEFF 
NICHOLAS S. NIAZI 
ALEXANDER P. NISSEN 
TIMOTHY J. ORLOWSKI 
ZOE ORTEGA 
ALEXANDRA PAPP 
AMANDA N. PAQUET 
AARON M. PATZWAHL 
JONATHAN D. PENA 
SCOTT W. PENNEY 
MADISON R. PERINGTON 
ADAM M. PETERSON 
NHIEN THANH PHO 
CASEY R. PICKETT 
CHRISTIAN S. PINGREE 
TYLER J. PITCHFORTH 
SHALVIN S. PRASAD 
RONNE J. PROCH 
DAVID G. PROVAZNIK 
RACHEL M. REEDER 
TIMOTHY A. REID 
MICAH M. REJCEK 
MATTHEW J. RENDO 
DANIEL J. RESCHKE 
ANDREW G. REYNA 
DAVID L. RIEGLEMAN 
KELLY LAURENT RIEGLEMAN 
CAYLIN E. RILEY 
TAE H. RO 
HAYDN J. ROBERTS 
JAMES S. ROBERTS 
ANDREW P. ROCHE 
DAVID M. RODRIGUEZ 
MATTHEW T. ROGERS 
MELISSA M. ROSAS 
JONATHAN A. ROST 
JESSICA ROUSE 
PAMELA A. RUDNICKI 
JORDAN D. SALMON 
JOSEPH A. SANTAMARIA 
JOHN R. SARETTE 
SARAH E. SCHALL 
DAVID W. SCHECHTMAN 
MATTHEW T. SCOTT 
CHRISTOPHER E. SEARLE 
CHLOE J. SHEA 
JASON M. SHORE 
DAVID H. SHORT 
PETER D. SILVERMAN 
NICHOLAS E. SINGHMILLER 
MATTHEW K. SMITH 
LINDSAY M. SNOW 
ELDON R. SNYDER 
DAVID R. STACHNIAK 
RACHEL N. STAMP SIEGFRIED 
JASON C. STICKEL 
KENDRA T. STILWELL 
WESLEY D. STOWE 
JOSHUA A. STRAMIELLO 
ANDREW D. STRAWBRIDGE 
ALEXANDER L. THAI 
SARAH B. THOMAS 
DEVIN S. THOMPSON 
DAVID W. THURBER 
LINDSAY M. TOLKSDORF 
SOLOMON TONG 
ELIZABETH B. TULLOS 
MICHAEL M. VERONNEAU 
JACQUELINE K. WADE 
THOMAS M. WAGONER 
WING YEE WAN 
MATTHEW L. WARD 
JAMES L. WEBB 
JANEAN WILMA WEDEKING 
NENA C. WENDZEL 
KELSEY JO SIMPSON WHITE 
KIMBERLY D. WILEY 
CHRISTOPHER L. WILSON 
BRANDON S. WITHERS 
MICHAEL S. WOJDAN 
HUILING WOLFF KOO 
SARAH SAUTER WOODSIDE 
JENNIFER M. WOOSLEY 
KATHARINA E. WYNS 
DANIEL T. YEE 
ISAAC D. YOURISON 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR 
FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
HAIDER W. ALJEWARI 
SHARON LYNN ARADINE 
DERIK G. BENDIXSEN 
BRYAN T. CAINE 
GREGORY J. CHAFFIN 
MATTHEW M. CLARK 
KELLY L. COOPER 
JOEL E. DIAZ ARANA 
ALEXANDRA D. EGENTOWICH 
WILLIAM A. GROSDIDIER 
JACOB M. HUSTAD 
BRETT Z. JESSEN 
VANCE T. KNAUER 
KRISTA N. KOCH 
NAOMI KONG 
ROBERT H. LEE 
TIFFANY E. LIM 
STEVEN J. LOHMEIER 
MICHAEL E. LOVE 
NICANDRA P. LUNDSTROM 
TARAS MARTYNIOUK 
DERICK E. MAYBERRY 
THOMAS K. MONTGOMERY 
EULOGIO MUNOZ, JR. 
MATTHEW J. PARRISH 
THOMAS J. PATRICK III 
BRADLEY J. PHARES 
JASON M. PICKETT 
LEAH MARIE REIMNITZ 
OMER SKIP SANABRIA CARDENAS 
RACHAEL M. SELLS 
JUSTIN L. SHIRK 
SAMANTHA C. SLIKKERS 
EMILY N. STEINER 
YUEHANG SU 
LOC V. TRAN 
OWEN V. TRINH 
MATTHEW D. VAN HOOF 
ADAM J. WALLUM 
JEREMY M. WELLS 
THOMAS M. WOOLF 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE 
UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE 
GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE 
UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be colonel 
DANIEL JAMES ABER 
MICHAEL R. ADAMS 
RYAN WALLACE ADAMS 
CRAIG ALAN ANDERNACHT 
AMY L. ARFMAN 
JEFFREY S. BALTZELL 
JAMES PAUL BLAISDELL 
LEAH B. BOLING 
TIMOTHY A. BRADBURY 
ROGER M. BROOKS IV 
BRETT JOHN BRUDERER 
JASON K. BRUGMAN 
EDWIN BRYCE BUTLER 
BRIAN R. CAMIRE 
JANET MARIE CAMPION 
CHRISTIAN M. CAPECE 
CAMILLE A. CHIGI 
HENRY H. CHMIELINSKI IV 
JOSHUA ADRIAN CINQMARS 
DENNIS F. COBB, JR. 
JASON W. COWIN 
PETER J. CRONIN 
RYAN JOSEPH DAHLIN 
JOSEPH ROBERT DANFORD, JR. 
JANICE L. B. DAVIS 
JACK C. DECKER, JR. 
GARY MAURICE EASTERLY 
JONATHAN MELVIN EDWARDS 
CHRISTINE G. ESTACION 
DAVID D. FARNSWORTH 
BRIAN JAMES FINNERTY 
CHRISTOPHER LEE FORD 
DOUGLAS E. FOSTER 
NATHAN C. FOSTER 
GORDON R. FRANKENFIELD 
KENNETH W. FREDETTE 
MICHAEL ANTHONY FUGETT 
THOMAS J. GAGNON 
MATTHEW ROBERT GLYNN 
BARRETT W. GOLDEN 
MICHAEL RYAN GOSMA 
DANIEL C. GOTT 
JASON WALLIS GREEN 
SHAWN LYNN GREEN 
ERIC WARD HAAGENSON 
JAMES MATTHEW HADLEY 
JASON ROBERT HALVORSEN 
DARYL R. HAMAKER 
KRISTIAN B. HARJO 
THOMAS A. HERSTER 
DAVID MICHAEL HEWLETT 
BRIAN MICHAEL HODGE 
GREG JACOB HOFFMAN 
CHRISTOPHER J. HOWARD 
JOSEPH ALAN HOWELL 
SHERRI A. HROVATIN 
GREGORY P. HUHMANN 
KEVIN DUANE HUMPHREY 
BRYAN D. JANDORF 
LUKE DANIEL JAYNE 
JEANNIE M. JEANETTA 
WADE A. JENSEN 
THOMAS EDWARD KEANY 
KENNETH L. KNUTSON 
REGINA H. KOMINE 
BRIAN J. KROELLER 
MICHAEL NORMAN KUEHNI 
WILLIAM ANDREW LIESS 
JAMES H. LOWE 
DARREN COBHAM MCAULEY 
DAVID L. MEECE 
BRYAN DOUGLAS MEEK 
MICHAEL PAUL MIHALIK 
HESKETH GILES MILLER 
WAYDE R. MINAMI 
STEPHAN G. MORAN 
RYAN P. NUGENT 
STEVEN MARK OLSON 
EVARISTO M. ORENGO, JR. 
CARL MICHAEL PAFFORD 
WILLIAM C. PARKER 
MICHAEL J. PIONTEK 
ROBIN M. POLLOCK 
JAYSON T. POTTS 
FREDERICK EUGENE ROBINSON 
JULIE M. ROBINSON 
CHRISTOPHER A. ROUSE 
MICHAEL D. SHERMAN 
KEVIN SCOTT SLAUGHTER 
FREDERIC A. SMITH 
JESSE L. SMITH 
STUART MATTHEW SOLOMON 
JAY ROBERT SPOHN 
DUARD PATRICK SPRUCE 
WENDY JEAN SQUARCIA 
ERIK ANTHONY STACH 
RYAN C. STEPP 
KARICE B. STERN 
DAVID L. STILLI II 
JACK JEFFREY SWANSON 
RICHARD FRANCES SWITZER 
CYNTHIA A. THORNTON–LANDIS 
ANTHONY LEMINH TRUONG 
KRISTINA A. TWEEDY 
TRACI LEE WALLACE 
WILLIAM A. WIRTH 
GERALD H. WOFFORD, JR. 
CHRISTOPHER DOUGLAS WOLTER 
ANDREW R. WONPAT 
JEREMY AARON WOOD 
RENAE LEEANN WRIGHT 
DANIEL P. YURASEK 
DANIEL SCOTT ZEVITZ 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR 
FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
ERIN E. ARTZ 
SARAH B. BAKER 
ELIZABETH A. BATCHELOR 
CHRISTOPHER S. BATES 
FRANCISCO A. BORAL 
MELINDA HUNT BOYD 
ROBERT A. BRIGGS 
COREY D. CARNES 
ERIC G. CHASE 
SPENCER P. CLAYTON 
TISHA T. CORNETT 
CHRISTINE RENNIE GIBLIN CREED 
KIRSTEN E. DELAMBO 
EMILY G. DIETRICH 
MICHAEL T. DIETRICH 
CHRISTOPHER J. DYKES 
NEYSA M. ETIENNE 
ANNA V. FEDOTOVA 
KELLY L. FRANKLIN 
THOMAS S. GARRIDO 
JEFFREY D. GEDDES 
MICHAEL S. GITCHEL 
EMILY A. GRAZE 
EMILY A. GRIESER 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:27 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00026
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 9801
E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.002
S22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 35-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S777 
February 22, 2021 
ZACKERY A. GROOVER 
JOHN M. HAMMILL 
AMANDA O. HARDY 
JOEL M. HARTONG 
TIFFANY R. HELINE 
KYLE C. HIATT 
KEVIN R. HOOKER 
CHASTITY V. HOWARD 
KYLE M. JOHNSTON 
MICHAEL K. KAN 
SARAH E. KELLY 
JIN H. KIM 
ANNE LY 
RAYMOND W. MAK 
SHANE M. MARTIN 
HEIDI A. MCMINN 
SHERRY D. MCWATERS 
MARI M. METZLER 
RONALD P. MILLER 
VIVIEN J. MILLER 
SANG Q. NGO 
DAVID PANBOON 
THOA N. PHAM 
KATIE M. RAGAN 
LATEASA REED JACKSON 
LISA M. ROACH 
GERARDO I. ROBLES MORALES 
MELISSA R. ROSE 
JILL M. ROSER 
EMILY A. ROUGIER 
AMANDA M. RUST 
JAMES B. RUTLAND 
DARNELL R. SCHUETTLER 
RYAN M. SEYMOUR 
RICHARD T. SMITH, JR. 
CLIFFORD C. SOUDER 
THADDEUS A. SPEED 
HEIDI A. STALLINGS 
JOLYN I. TATUM 
ALEXANDRA L. TRAN 
DAVID S. TUBMAN 
JOHN A. VANN 
STEPHEN E. VELA 
DANNY J. VILLALOBOS 
ANDREW B. WALLACE 
FELECIA R. WASHINGTON 
BENJAMIN C. WEAVER 
TIMOTHY C. WEIGLE 
DAVID M. WELLER 
SEAN M. WILSON 
SETH P. WILSON 
IN THE SPACE FORCE 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES 
SPACE FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
RAJ AGRAWAL 
BRIAN W. CAPPS 
BRYAN J. DUTCHER 
INGRID C. KAAT 
NICHOLAS H. MARTIN 
ETHAN W. MATTOX 
WADE H. MCGREW 
GENEVIEVE N. MINZYK 
PETER CHARLES NORSKY 
GALEN K. OJALA 
JASON F. POWELL 
ANIBAL J. RODRIGUEZ 
ROBERT E. SHRADER 
JUSTIN L. SUTHERLAND 
SACHA N. TOMLINSON 
IN THE AIR FORCE 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR 
FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
MICHELLE R. ALDERS 
DANIEL G. ALLEN 
JACOB A. ANDERSON 
EDWIN R. AUSTIN 
JASON A. BABCOCK 
MATTHEW J. BAKER 
BRIAN C. BANE 
ADRIAN R. BARRON 
THOMAS J. BAYUK 
KEITH T. BEAM 
JOSHUA M. BECKMAN 
NICOLE M. BLAIR 
CORTNEY C. BLEACH 
ROBERT D. BOLTON 
AARON B. BRADY 
JOSHUA P. BRAUTIGAM 
DANIEL B. BREWER 
LAURA M. BRIDGE 
STUART K. BRIGHAM 
GABRIEL W. BRISCOE 
SHANNON P. BUCK 
TIFFANY M. BYRD 
JAMES T. CASSLEMAN 
LISA R. CHASTANT 
RYAN S. CHO 
KERRY L. CHRISTENSEN 
JUN MO N. CHUNG 
MICHAEL F. DAMORE 
JULIE A. DAVENPORT 
STEVEN J. DURNING 
JOSHUA L. EATON 
JASON M. EDWARDS 
MARY ANNE Q. EISMA 
KATHERINE H. ELLIS 
ZACHARY P. ENGLERT 
CHARISMA B. EVANGELISTA 
MATTHEW D. FAIN 
BENJAMIN T. FEENEY 
ROSALINDA F. FITTS 
KRISTEN E. FLEMING 
JAYSUN G. FRISCH 
ROSELYN JAN W. FUENTES 
ANDREW D. GALUSHA 
GEOFFREY C. GARST 
MORGAN C. GETTLE 
KARIN SOBY GILKISON 
MICHAEL J. GRAVETT 
ROBERT H. GRAY 
GRANT W. GRIFFITH 
MICHAEL R. HALL 
JONATHAN T. HANCOCK 
NEEMA R. HARDEMAN 
DANIEL E. HATZ 
RENE D. HINTON 
SHANA L. HIRCHERT 
FRANCIS E. JANES 
LINDSEY N. JULY 
NATHAN R. KELSEY 
MEAGHAN P. KEVILLE 
MICHAEL A. KOROSCIL 
STEPHANIE M. LAMPKE 
JENNIFER L. LANDUCCI 
PETER A. LENNOX 
BRIAN J. LEWIS 
YANG LIU 
JENNIFER D. LORENZ 
JOHN P. MAGULICK, JR. 
KURIAN T. MALIEL 
ANNA M. MARUSKA 
SEAN P. MEAGHER 
ERIC G. MEYER 
CHRISTOPHER J. MICALLEF 
BETHANY M. MULLA 
BRITTANIE INGRAM NEAVES 
JOANNA M. NELMS 
DAVID M. NORTHERN 
NATHANIEL S. NYE 
NATHAN T. PALMER 
JOSHUA E. PASCOE 
NEHA K. PATEL 
JUSTIN G. PEACOCK 
MARK R. PETERSON 
FREDERIC A. RAWLINS III 
BRADLEY A. REEL 
REGINA M. REINSVOLD 
SARAH M. REYNOLDS 
JOHN M. RICHARDSON 
JAIME LYNN ROBEY 
LINDY M. ROSAL 
MATTHEW J. ROYALL 
FRANK D. RUSSO 
HENRY S. SCHEULLER 
AMY L. SCHIMKE 
WANDER S. SEGURA 
ERWIN T. SHAW 
ANDREW J. SKABELUND 
THOMAS M. SKINNER 
NICOLAS J. SKORDAS 
REBECCA S. SLOGIC 
DEREK M. SMITH 
NATHANIEL E. SMITH 
KOURTNI LEE STARKEY 
MATTHEW T. STRINGER 
MARY F. STUEVER 
SOFIA M. SZARI 
NATHAN J. TESCHAN 
KELTON M. THOMAS 
MARC D. TOLLEY 
ALFRED F. TRAPPEY III 
WESLEY E. TRUEBLOOD 
MARK R. TRUXILLO 
ANNA X. TSAI 
JOHN R. UNTISZ 
CAROLE MAJAL Y. VILLAMARIA 
JAMESON D. VOSS 
PAUL D. VU 
JUSTYNA T. WADOLOWSKI 
JOHN D. WATSON 
ELAINA C. WILD 
JON P. WILLIAMS 
THOMAS J. WILLSON 
HALEI K. WONG 
APRIL LASHEL WOODY 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR 
FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
AARON J. AGIRRE 
ERIK B. ANDERSON 
TANYA P. BERG 
REBECCA K. BRINCKS 
TIMOTHY A. CARLSON 
ELISE L. EHLAND 
CHRISTOPHER J. FRIES 
FRANCISCO F. GALLARDO, JR. 
KIMBERLY QUILAO GUTIERREZ 
JESSICA ROSE WHITE HARVEY 
MELISSA C. HOLT 
WYETH L. HOOPES 
JASON F. KOESTERS 
JONATHAN P. KRUZE 
KAREN R. LAPHAM 
DEBBIE R. LEE 
JIEUN LEE 
JARED D. MASON 
EGYPT RAH Y. MCADOO 
MANDY M. MILLER 
HOON MIN 
NIKKI L. MOCHKO 
JUNHYUNG PARK 
CHRISTINA A. PFLIPSEN 
KEVIN D. RASMUSSEN 
ASHLEY J. REYES 
AMBER J. RUSSELL 
JONATHAN J. SCHUBERT 
FRANCINE D. SEETO 
RYAN R. SHERIDAN 
WESLEY S. SHUTE 
WILLIAM E. SLACK 
ROBERT M. SPRIGGEL 
MARK R. STEVENSON 
SARAH K. TURBUSH 
ROBERT E. WAKE III 
ERIN M. YANCEY 
TUNGSHU M. YANG 
DERRICK A. ZECH 
SAIPRASAD M. ZEMSE 
GREGORY S. ZILINSKI 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR 
FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
BENJAMIN BERZINIS 
JANET L. BLANCHARD 
JUVELYN T. CHUA 
DEBORAH L. DAVIDSON 
AMALIA M. DIVITTORIO 
JON D. EARLES 
TRACEY A. GOSSER 
JULIE L. HANSON 
JAMALE R. HART 
STEPHANIE ISAACFRANCIS 
ERIN J. KNIGHTNER 
ANGELA M. LACEK 
ROY L. LOUQUE 
LAURIE A. MIGLIORE 
SANDRA R. NESTOR 
ADELEKE A. OYEMADE 
MATTHEW L. PFEIFFER 
NISA T. PISTONE 
HEATHER N. ROSCISZEWSKI 
ERIKA T. SMITH 
SARAH E. STRANSKE 
ANGELIQUE VANN PATTERSON 
CLINTON K. WAHL 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR 
FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
JOSE C. AGUIRRE 
ANGELA M. ALBRECHT 
ALVI A. AZAD 
TRAVIS CARLOS BATTS 
KORY R. BODILY 
DANIELLE J. CERMAK 
WENDY CHAO 
ANGELIQUE N. COLLAMER 
CARLTON J. COVEY 
MARK L. DEARDEN 
STEFANI L. DIEDRICH 
CRISTINA L. FRANCHETTI 
THOMAS O. GIFFORD 
BRIAN B. GLODT 
IAN D. GREGORY 
JAMES C. HARTLEY 
KERMIT G. HELO III 
MARK W. HUBBELL 
JOSEPH A. HUSEMAN II 
CHRISTOPHER E. JONAS 
EVAN M. JONES 
JEFFREY D. KISER 
ADAM C. KOERTNER 
ARTHUR N. LAWRANCE 
CHRISTOPHER C. LEDFORD 
BRETT E. LINCK 
VANESSA W. LYONS 
DAVID C. MILLER 
BENJAMIN J. MITCHELL 
CUONG M. NGUYEN 
CADE M. NYLUND 
REID N. ORTH 
NECIA M. POPE 
JAMIE M. RAND 
VANCE M. ROTHMEYER 
ELIZABETH P. SAGER 
MEREDITH A. SARDA 
MATTHEW R. SCHMITZ 
JENNIFER A. SEXTON 
CHRISTINE A. SMETANA 
JESSICA K. SMYTH 
MARCUS S. SNYDER 
RICHARD O. SPEAKMAN 
SAMUEL A. SPEAR 
DANIEL A. STEIGELMAN 
JACOB T. STEPHENSON 
BRYAN D. SZALWINSKI 
KENJI L. TAKANO 
RAMONE A. TOLIVER 
WILLIAM TOTH 
STEFANIE M. WATKINS NANCE 
JASON M. WEBB 
LISA M. WEEKS 
EMILY B. WONG 
SCOTT M. ZELASKO 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR 
FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
NICHOLAS B. DUVALL 
TYETUS T. HOHNSTEIN 
SCOTT P. IRWIN 
JOANNA B. JAMINSKA 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:27 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00027
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 9801
E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.006
S22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 36-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S778 
February 22, 2021 
CARL A. LABELLA III 
BRENDAN M. LANE 
WENDY D. LOBRE 
CRAIG H. RHYNE, JR. 
DAVID A. ROTHAS 
ERIN M. SPEIER 
JAMES R. THOMPSON 
BETH L. TOMIC 
STERLING J. WHIPPLE 
SCOTT D. WRIGHT 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR 
FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
DIANE M. CALDERA 
LOUIS J. DEFELICE, JR. 
SCOTT W. GETTINGS 
JENNIFER DOLAN HILLBERG 
JEROME L. MORIN 
WILLIAM A. PASHLEY 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR 
FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
BRYAN MARK BAILEY 
JASON H. BARLOW 
MATTHEW J. BARRY 
BRENDON C. BARTHOLOMEW 
MATTHEW R. BASLER 
ROBERT ANDREW BEALE 
GARY P. BECKETT 
JOSEPH A. BEMIS 
BRIAN D. BENNINGFIELD 
TRAVIS MICHAEL BOARD 
PATRICK STEPHEN BOSWELL 
DOUGLAS R. BRADER 
DOUGLAS C. BUCHHOLZ 
BRIAN J. BUDDE 
DAVID MARK CAPUANO 
COLETTE A. M. CHING 
JAMES T. COUCH 
DANIEL J. DAVIS 
NATHAN T. DAY 
DANIEL R. FEHL 
ERIK J. FIEDERER 
TIMOTHY J. FOERY 
JOHN D. FOWLER 
BENJAMIN C. GARCIA 
MATTHEW J. GHORMLEY 
MICHAEL A. GREEN, JR. 
TERENCE E. GREEN 
CASEY E. GUERRERO 
BRIAN C. GWINNUP 
JESSE L. HAMILTON 
ADAM J. HEPP 
CHARLES A. HUBER 
MATTHEW J. IHLENFELD 
WILLIAM D. JIMENEZ 
NATHAN T. KEETHLER 
ABIGAIL I. KENT 
BRADLEY K. KLEMESRUD 
SAMUEL J. KRAEMER 
FREDERICK E. KUEHN 
CRAIG P. LAUDERDALE, JR. 
STEVEN L. LAWHUN 
BRIAN L. LEITER 
JEFFREY W. LIEGL 
DAVID M. MARTINEZ 
DAVID SHAWN MATTINGLY 
CHRISTOPHER M. MAZZEI 
WILLIAM E. MCCALLISTER 
TERENCE A. MCGEE 
MICHAEL L. MCMILLAN 
SCOTT ARNOLD MEYER 
JOHN A. MIKAL 
JOANNA L. MITCHELL 
JEANETTE ANN MOORE 
STACY GLEN MOORE 
ANDREW GRADY MURPHY 
BRENT W. MURRELL 
NATHAN L. NIEDERHAUSER 
MARK A. OREK 
ERICK PACHECO 
ALAN J. PARTRIDGE 
AVERIE R. PAYTON 
DOUGLAS ALBERT PERRY, JR. 
VERONICA P. RAFFETTO 
BRYAN F. RARIDON 
ALISON Y. SCHORR 
CHAD A. SENIOR 
CHAD L. SHENK 
RONALD J. SLOMA 
CHRISTOPHER J. SOPKO 
ROLAND C. TSUI 
MICHAEL E. WALSH 
AUSTIN C. WHITE 
BART D. WILBANKS 
JASON P. WILLEY 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR 
FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
CONN P. MCKELVEY 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR 
FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
ADAM H. FISHER 
LORA D. FREEMAN 
SYLVETTE ORTIZ 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR 
FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
TINA C. BENIVEGNA 
DAVID J. BLACK 
CLINTON L. CASH 
BRIAN EVANS 
STEVEN W. FORTSON 
JEFFREY L. FRYE 
CHARLES E. GATES, JR. 
KIMBERLY TURNER LEWIS 
ALEXANDER J. LOGAN 
CHRISTINA L. MANNING 
CAREY E. MILLER 
AARON C. MILNER 
ALBERT O. OLAGBEMIRO 
GINGER MARIE ORMOND 
REGINA M. REYES 
ADAM S. ROBERTS 
RYAN M. ROBIN 
MEREDITH L. SEELEY 
COLLIN G. SHELTON 
PAUL J. SMITH II 
ORREN B. SQUIRES 
BRANDON W. STEPP 
REGINALD G. TRUJILLO, JR. 
CYNTHIA A. VERNIER 
KARWIN R. WEAVER 
GIA MARIE WILSON–MACKEY 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR 
FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
GARY L. FRISARD 
HARRIS J. HALL 
GABRIEL D. MOUNCE 
DAVID L. OZMEN 
BRIAN J. PEARSON 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR 
FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
BARRY E. DICKSON, JR. 
AMY L. HUNT 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR 
FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
AMIE M. DOUGLAS 
PATRICE L. FLYNN 
SEMIH S. KUMRU 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR 
FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
ROBERT E. BEYLER 
JOSEPH P. CARROLL 
KRISTIN M. CASTIGLIA 
EDDYTH MAURLEEN W. COBB 
DEANNA DALY 
JEREMY S. FLANNERY 
ANTHONY D. ORTIZ 
BRYAN O. RAMOS 
DANIEL S. VAILLANT 
JENELLE M. WALDEN 
MATTHEW D. WINFREY 
NICOLE P. WISHART 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR 
FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
CHARLOTTE C. APPLETON 
CHRISTOPHER W. BUNT 
JARED GLEN CLAY 
ALEXEI O. DECASTRO 
NATHAN R. EVANS 
SEAN C. GLASGOW 
TIMOTHY L. KELLY 
FRANK L. LOYD IV 
MICHAEL W. MATCHETTE 
ROBERT E. NOLL, JR. 
SCOTT FRANKLIN SHEPHERD 
JOHN M. TUDELA 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR 
FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
JENNIFER A. ALFAR 
CHARLES J. HAGGERTY 
MATTHEW L. HUDKINS 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR 
FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
LOUIS EDWARD BELLACE 
LUIS A. BERRIOS 
ZOE C. HAWES 
BRYAN P. HUTCHESON 
PAWEL J. KOWALCZYK 
KEITH M. LARSON 
MARIE A. ROBINSON 
MELISSA M. STECKLER 
CYNTHIA M. WASHINGTON 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR 
FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
PAUL JOSEPH SINUK 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED AIR NATIONAL GUARD OFFI-
CER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN 
THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U. 
S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be colonel 
CHRISTOPHER J. BLANEY 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR 
FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
RICHARD D. ENGLEMAN 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR 
FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
ELIZABETH A. BEAL 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR 
FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
JEFFREY D. ADKINS 
DEREK W. BECK 
ERIC J. BERNKOPF 
ERIN F. DUNTEMAN 
NATHAN J. FAWBUSH 
BRIDGET O. GRAHAM 
JESSICA L. HELLMEIER 
CHRISTOPHER T. JOHNSON 
ALFRED WAYNE LOCKLEAR 
COREY W. LYONS 
OLIVIA D. NELSON 
CECILY A. ODOM 
DAVID R. ONEIL 
ALBERT W. RIEBEN 
BRENDON H. RITZ 
ADOLPH S. RODRIGUEZ, JR. 
JESSE M. ROSENBAUM 
NICCI S. RUCKER 
CLAYTON W. SAMMONS 
ERIC LEON SIMON 
MAGDALENA SUNDERHAUS 
MELISSA M. TALLENT 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR 
FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
DAVID L. WALKER 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR 
FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
RAEANN H. MACALMA 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR 
FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
JOSHUA B. ALLEN 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR 
FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
MICHAEL JON BATES 
KERRI FONT 
KEVIN A. HACHMEISTER 
DAVID M. JACKSON 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR 
FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
LAURIE ANN FLAGG INACIO 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR 
FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
MATTHEW R. ALLEN 
WILLIAM H. ALLEN, JR. 
BERNIE E. BEIGH 
JOHN D. BLACKMAN 
DAVID J. CHABOYA 
SANDRA J. COBLE 
FERNANDO J. CRUZ 
ANTHONY J. DEGREGORIA 
EDWARD G. FERGUSON 
SCOTT E. FOREMAN 
TIMOTHY B. FUHRMAN 
DAVID A. GARAY 
JASON M. GOLABOSKI 
BRIAN D. GRIFFIN 
SCOTT B. HALL 
REBECCA A. HAMILTON 
TYLER B. HARRIS 
DAVID A. HOFFMAN 
GREGORY S. HOFFMAN 
WILLIAM D. HOLL 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:27 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00028
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 9801
E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.009
S22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 37-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S779 
February 22, 2021 
JAMES T. HORNE 
KIRK W. JOHNSON 
ANDREW J. JUTTE 
MICHAEL D. KAUN 
MATTHEW B. KIMSAL 
RICHARD A. KNISELEY II 
MICHAEL A. KOVALCHEK 
JEFFREY R. LAFLEUR 
RICHARD A. LOPEZDEURALDE 
JAROD MARTIN 
SCOTT H. MCCLAIN 
WAYLON SAMUEL MITCHELL 
MATTHEW P. OSTERHAGE 
TY A. PERSCHBACHER 
ERIC M. REAGAN 
JAMES F. ROCHE 
LESLIE R. SNODGRASS, JR. 
CHADWICK M. STEIPP 
NATHAN B. TERRY 
BRYAN M. TITUS 
JASON C. VAP 
BRIAN P. VESEY 
DANIEL J. VISOSKY 
ROBERT A. VOLESKY 
ELWOOD T. WADDELL 
LEON H. WALTS, JR. 
THOMAS C. WARD 
ANA C. WATKINS 
THOMAS F. WEGNER 
JASON E. WEST 
DANIEL J. WHEELER 
KEVIN W. WIERSCHKE 
SHAUN M. WILLHITE 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR 
FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
PETER BRIAN ABERCROMBIE II 
DANZEL W. ALBERTSEN 
JAMES W. ATCHLEY, JR. 
SARAH S. BABBITT 
CRAIG S. BAILEY 
RICHARD D. BARNHART 
CASEY J. BARTHOLOMEW 
TIMOTHY D. BECK 
JONATHAN B. BELL 
JAY A. BERTSCH 
ANQUENETTA BLOUNT 
JOEL ANDREW BOLINA 
GREGORY D. BOSCHERT 
CHRISTOPHER D. BOYD 
AHAVE E. BROWN, JR. 
CHRISTOPHER D. CARROLL 
ROBERT C. CLAY 
ROBERT N. J. CLOUSE 
SHAD K. COLGATE 
RANDY C. COMBS 
JERRYMAR J. COPELAND, JR. 
DOUGLAS J. DODGE 
ANGELA C. EDMONDSON 
TAONA A. ENRIQUEZ 
TIFFANY A. FEET 
CHARLES R. FLETCHER 
MICHAEL U. FRANCIS 
BREANNA D. FULTON 
CHAD A. GEMEINHARDT 
HARDY T. GILES II 
MICHELLE MYRTIS GILL 
JAMIE M. GONZALEZ 
ROBERT E. GRIMMETT III 
BRUCE T. GUEST 
ERIC D. HALER 
JEREMIAH J. HAMMILL 
FENCISCO N. HARRIS 
JOHARI J. HEMPHILL 
JAMES M. HENDRICKSON 
CHIP W. HOLLINGER 
JIMMY J. JEOUN 
CHRISTOPHER T. JOYCE 
JASON M. KALIN 
JOANN N. KENNEALLY 
ROBERT J. KONGAIKA 
STEVEN N. LAMB 
CHRISTOPHER B. LEDFORD 
RAYNA W. LOWERY 
KEVIN A. MARES 
BRANDON S. MAROON 
SCOTT H. MAY 
LANCE H. MCINNISH 
CLARENCE F. MCRAE, JR. 
RYAN J. NASH 
NORA J. NELSON 
BARRY C. NICHOLS 
GEORGE E. NICHOLS 
PETER T. ONEILL 
CHARLES G. PLOETZ 
JOSHUA M. POPE 
AARTI U. PURI 
SERGIO RIOS 
AMY M. RIVERA 
AARON J. RIVERS 
GEOFFREY J. ROCHE 
KATHRYN N. ROMAN 
RANDY D. SCHWINLER 
KENNETH M. SHIRLEY 
CHARLES R. SILVANIC, JR. 
JASON J. SLEGER 
BRANDON H. SOKORA 
WALTER J. SORENSEN 
MATTHEW S. STANFORD 
JOSEPH M. STANGL 
LIZA MOYA THERIAULT 
STEVEN J. THOMAS 
SHAMEKIA N. TOLIVER 
CHRISTOPHER A. TOOMAN 
LEAH B. VANAGAS 
JENNIFER L. VARGA 
TODD A. WALKER 
DANIEL P. WILLISON, JR. 
CHRISTOPHER C. WOOD 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR 
FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
GREGORY M. ADAMS 
MICHAEL J. ADAMS 
SCOTT L. ADAMS 
JASON R. ANDERSON 
ADONIS C. ARVANITAKIS 
MATTHEW A. ASTROTH 
ALAN B. AVRIETT, JR. 
STEVEN J. AYRE 
JASON R. BACHELOR 
ISAAC T. BELL 
SHAUN G. BELLAMY 
MATTHEW M. BELLE 
CARLOS E. BERDECIA 
GAVIN A. BERNE 
ERIC M. BISSONETTE 
ANDREW H. BLACK 
DAVID E. BONN 
JOSEPH M. BONNER 
SANDRA A. BONNEY 
TIMOTHY E. BOOK 
RAFAEL A. BOSCH 
THOMAS R. BOWMAN 
PATRICK L. BRADYLEE 
BRADLEY L. BRANDT 
MICHAEL P. BRAZDA 
ROBERT J. BROOKS 
MICHAEL W. BROWN 
PARKIN C. BRYSON 
CHRISTOPHER J. BUCKLEY 
CHRISTOPHER J. BUECHLER 
JAMES J. BUESSING, JR. 
ANDREW L. BURROUGHS 
JAY E. BUTTERFIELD 
RODERIC K. BUTZ 
JOSE L. CABRERA 
CHRISTOPHER GARY CAIN 
JOHN T. CANTY 
KENDRICK L. CARROLL 
DAVID S. CHADSEY 
JASON D. CHAMBERS 
CHAD KENNETH CISEWSKI 
MATTHEW J. CLAUSEN 
ROBERT P. M. COCKE 
DANIEL J. CODDINGTON 
MITCHELL J. COK 
CHRISTOPHER W. COLLINS 
MICHAEL S. CORNELIUS 
NATHAN A. CREECH 
JEFFREY C. CRIVELLARO 
DENNIS C. CUMMINGS 
MARCUS A. CUNNINGHAM 
RAYMOND L. DANIEL 
JEFFREY T. DANIELSON 
BRADLEY D. DARLING 
PAUL T. DAVIDSON 
DARRIN B. DAVIS 
BRETT A. DEANGELIS 
NICHOLAS E. DELCOUR 
JOSEPH M. DIETZ 
DAVID H. DONATELLI II 
PATRICK J. DUBE 
PETER J. DUFFY 
CHRISTOPHER J. EBERTH 
MICHAEL A. EDMONSTON 
JOSHUA C. EGAN 
PATRICK R. ELDRIDGE 
OLIVIA S. ELLIOTT 
TYLER J. ELLISON 
STEVEN V. ENGBERG 
JOHN T. ETHRIDGE 
ALEXANDER B. FAFINSKI 
LARRY FENNER, JR. 
JAMES CECIL FIELDS II 
WILLIAM F. FISH, JR. 
ERIK S. FISHER 
CHRISTOPHER M. FLOYD 
CHRISTOPHER D. FORREST 
ABIGAIL A. FRANDER 
WILLIAM T. FRIAR 
BUD M. FUJIITAKAMOTO 
DEREK P. GALLAGHER 
MICHAEL S. GALLAGHER 
RICHARD F. GANSKE 
BRIAN D. GEBO 
MICHELLE E. GILLASPIE 
SCOTT A. GILLER 
BRADLEY C. GLENISTER 
RUSSELL D. GOHN 
THOMAS J. GRAHAM 
MICHAEL E. GRAHN 
ROBERT L. GRANT 
BRENT A. GREER 
YADIRA C. GREESON 
PATRICK E. GRUBER 
ANTHONY M. GURRIERI 
BRIAN L. HARDEMAN 
JOHN M. HARRISON 
WALTER B. HARVEY 
DORY L. HASSON 
KATHLEEN M. HASSON 
ALEXANDER L. HEYMAN 
RHETT S. HIERLMEIER 
CONOR W. HINEY 
HOUSTON B. HODGKINSON 
DOUGLAS R. HOLLIDAY 
JEREMY F. HOUGH 
JASON P. HOUSTON 
CHRISTOPHER J. HUBBARD 
BOBBY L. HUNT 
THOMAS A. HUTTON 
JOSHUA J. IMME 
DUSTIN R. IRELAND 
RYAN L. ISMIRLE 
JORGE F. JARAMILLO 
ALVIN J. JENKINS 
DAVID F. JOHN 
CAREY F. JOHNSON 
MATTHEW K. JOHNSON 
SCOTT G. JOHNSON 
MATTHEW R. JOHNSTON 
DOUGLAS A. KABEL 
PETER E. KASARSKIS 
JEFFERY S. KASSEBAUM 
ANDREW V. KATZ 
MATTHEW R. KENKEL 
JAMES GREGORY KERLEY 
ERICH J. KESSLER 
BRANIN W. KLAUSMAN 
CHAD D. KOHOUT 
RICHARD R. KOVSKY 
ANTHONY J. KUCZYNSKI 
JAMES A. LADD 
JESSE W. LAMARAND 
MICHAEL S. LANDERS 
BETH C. LANE 
CORY T. LANE 
DAVID C. LEAUMONT 
KEVIN R. LEE 
PETER JOHN SHERWOOD LEE 
JEREMY C. LEIGHTON 
WALTER J. LESINSKI 
MICHAEL B. LEWIS 
STEVEN X. LI 
LONNIE N. LINGAFELTER 
VINCENT B. LIVIE 
JUSTIN A. LONGMIRE 
DONALD P. MAMMANO 
STEVEN A. MARSHALL 
BROOKE P. MATSON 
SEWARD E. MATWICK 
DAVID M. MAX 
MICHAEL G. MCCARTHY 
KEVIN K. MCCASKEY 
RICHARD E. MCCLINTIC 
WILLIAM A. MCDOWELL II 
RICHARD F. MCELHANEY, JR. 
STEPHEN D. MCFADDEN 
JOHNNY RAYMOND MCGONIGAL 
KEITH C. MCGUIRE 
MATT G. MCKINNEY 
JOSEPH R. MICHAELSON 
AARON R. MINER 
ADAM E. MOORE 
DAVID J. MORALES 
YOSEF A. MORRIS 
DARRICK MOSLEY 
GREGORY D. MULLEN 
STEVEN M. NIEWIAROWSKI 
AARON J. OELRICH 
CHRISTIAN J. OGROSKY 
JUN S. OH 
STEWART J. PARKER 
JARED D. PASLAY 
ALLISON M. PATAK 
JOSHUA W. PETRY 
MATTHEW T. PHILLIPS 
JEREMY M. PONN 
DEREK A. RACHEL 
RAZVAN N. RADOESCU 
ROBERT P. RAYNER 
JOHN C. REED 
NICHOLAS H. REGISTER 
CHRISTOPHER K. REID 
REGGIE T. REID 
JEREMY L. RENKEN 
DELBERT R. RIVERA 
CHRISTOPHER G. RONESS 
BRADLEY A. RUETER 
DANIEL M. RUTTENBER 
MARTIN SALINAS II 
ANGEL A. SANTIAGO 
JARED M. SANTOS 
HENRY B. SCHANTZ 
JAYSON H. SCHMIEDT 
PATRICK J. SCHULDT 
KARL W. SEEKAMP 
MARK ANDREW SLETTEN 
CLAYTON A. SMALL 
JEFFREY A. SMITH 
MARTY T. SMITH 
KEITH H. SNOOK, JR. 
JON M. SNYDER 
JOHN T. SOPHIE 
SETH W. SPANIER 
DAVID I. STAMPS 
ANSON B. STEPHENS 
SAMUEL CLAIRE STITT 
JOHN C. THARP 
RYAN L. THEISS 
JACOB M. THORNBURG 
AARON O. TORCZYNSKI 
BRENT J. TOTH 
MATTHEW R. TROVINGER 
ABIZER H. TYABJI 
RAFAEL A. VARGASFONTANEZ 
CHRISTINA DUNN VILE 
RYAN M. VONEIDA 
AARON D. WALENGA 
THOMAS C. WASHBURN 
WARREN B. WATKINSON II 
JEFFERY C. WATTS 
CHRISTOPHER J. WEATON 
KENNETH H. WEINER 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:27 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00029
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 9801
E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.012
S22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 38-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S780 
February 22, 2021 
JOHN S. WELCH 
JAMES E. WELLS 
STEVEN P. WICK 
TANNER G. WOOLSEY 
MARK L. YARIAN 
KEITH A. YOUNG 
RYAN A. ZEITLER 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR 
FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
OBI AGBORBESONG 
RYAN A. ANDERSON 
CHRISTOPHER S. BAILES 
CHARLES W. BAYSINGER 
DANIELLE T. BETZ 
JOHN M. BOUCHILLON 
JORDAN C. CARL 
ERIK R. CLAUSON 
AXEL S. COOPER 
JOSEPH B. DESILETS 
JAMES A. DOLLAHITE 
SHENIQUA L. DRAKEFORD 
ALEX C. ESSENMACHER 
DANIELLE M. FOLDVARY 
MARK D. FRIEDLAND 
MADISON G. GRIFFIN 
JEREMY A. HAYSLEY 
SARAH L. HUDGINS 
CHRISTOPHER A. JOHN 
RAYMOND B. KESSLER 
JAMES P. KILLORAN, JR. 
KYLE L. KJOME 
DEACON J. LILE 
MIRIAM R. LOCKE 
ROBERT N. MARQUIS, JR. 
TIMOTHY P. MCCARTHY 
ERIC M. MELCHIOR 
NELSI J. MORA 
JORGE J. MORALES 
JESSE R. NICHOLS 
SARAH D. PETTYJOHN 
EMILY A. POSPIECH 
MATHEW L. RESNICK 
BRENT A. SAGER 
DANIEL B. SEHRT 
DAVID A. SHAFIQUE 
KATHERINE A. THARP 
BRYCE D. WARREN 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR 
FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
KEVIN W. BYRD 
SCOTT M. FLEMING 
TORY D. KINDRICK 
SHANNON E. MOORE 
MICHAEL A. SAMUEL 
JAMES L. SCHLABACH 
WILLIAM L. WEIFORD III 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR 
FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
MICHAEL R. ANDREWS 
DARRELL M. APILADO 
SARAH NELSON BAKHTIARI 
ELIZABETH T. BENEDICT 
DAVID A. BETHEL 
MARK C. BETTERS 
DENNIS M. BORRMAN 
COLE L. BRAY 
ROBERT C. BRENZEL, JR. 
JOEL N. BROWN 
LAURA M. BUNYAN 
JEREMIAH J. BURGESS 
ERIC M. CARRANO 
CHARLES L. CARTER 
JOSHUA R. CLOSE 
CHRISTOPHER SINCLAIR CORBETT 
JOSEPH D. COUGHLIN 
TASSIKA M. DAVIS 
DAVID A. FAGGARD 
AMANDA R. FIGUEROA 
MICHAEL S. FURMAN 
JOHN F. GAUGHAN 
EMILY D. GEBO 
KYLE B. GRYGO 
JEFFREY J. HALL 
BRADLEY J. HARBAUGH 
NICHOLE M. HARRIS 
JOHN C. HOLLISTER 
MATTHEW T. HYLAND 
THAROMMONY T. IN 
KEVIN M. JAMES 
NICHOLAS C. JAMESON 
JOSHUA S. JENKINS 
ANDRE M. JOHNSON 
ROBERT J. KAMMERER 
RYAN M. KEHOE 
MARY M. KING 
TROY A. KIRK 
WILLIAM C. KOSTAN 
ROBERT L. LAMORE 
REBECCA S. LANGE 
BREEA J. LISKO 
CHRISTOPHER J. LOVETT 
RICHARD MAJOR 
ELIZABETH B. MATHIAS 
BRIAN M. MCCREARY 
KELLY D. MCELVENY 
MICHAEL S. MEDGYESSY 
JOHANNES C. MOORE 
LAMONT C. MORROW 
CHRISTOPHER REID MULLINS 
EARL D. NAST 
VICTOR R. NORRIS 
BURT N. OKAMOTO 
CARL R. PAWLING 
OLEXIS O. PEREZ 
MICHAEL A. POWELL 
ALEXANDRIA K. PRESTON 
CHRISTOPHER J. ROBINSON 
ABRAHAM D. SALOMON, JR. 
ANTHONY J. SAMPSON 
MATTHEW P. SATTLER 
RICHARD B. SCHERMER 
BRANDON G. SHADE 
CHRISTOPHER D. SMITH 
MEGHAN M. SZWARC 
REGINA J. TATE 
LAURA C. TERRY 
ROBERT D. VIDOLOFF 
DAMON C. VORHEES 
JOSEPH C. WATSON 
AMANDA J. G. WERKHEISER 
NEIL D. WHELDEN 
JASON W. WILD 
RANDOLPH B. WITT 
WILLIAM E. WOODWARD 
RONNIE B. YOUNG 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR 
FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
PEDRO E. AVILA MORALES 
CHASE A. AYCOCK 
CHARITY DAWN BAILEY 
JILLIAN R. BAILIE 
PATRICIA GLENN BAKER 
JOSILYN C. BANKS 
JENNEVA MARIE BARRETT 
ROGELIO BECERRA 
NICHOLAS E. BEM 
CRISTINA D. R. BENITEZ 
VALERI M. BENNETT 
ADRIANE O. BERGMANN 
CLAUDE L. BETENE A DOOKO 
JOSEPH A. BLANCO 
KRISTEN ASHLEY BLOCK 
TREVOR A. BODDINGTON 
AMY L. BOGUE 
TAYLOR A. BOTTARI 
ELIZABETH E. BUSS 
ZACHARY A. CABANA 
CARLOS R. CALDERA 
LENITA M. CAMPBELL 
STEPHANIE E. CHAYREZ 
MADISON M. CHILTON 
LINDSEY T. COLGAN 
JACEY COLE CORTEGA 
ANTHONY RICHARD COSENTINO 
FRANCESCA CULP 
LUKE J. DAVIDIUK 
JESSICA RAE DAVIS 
ALYSHA M. DO 
JAMES A. DREIBELBIS 
BRAD T. DRISCOLL 
KAITLIN A. DUCKETT 
VICTOR I. EGUAIBOR 
STEPHEN D. ELLEDGE 
BROGHAN MICHAEL ENRIGHT 
AARON M. ESCHE 
ROSEMARY ESTEVEZ ALCALA 
CYNTHIA FLORES 
ANDREA L. GALEUCIA 
WHITNEY D. GARNER 
RAMIRO A. GARRIDO 
PHILICIA GEISER 
JOSEPH M. GENUALDI, JR. 
AARON DANIEL GEYER 
STEPHANIE B. GOLDEN 
CHRISTOPHER GOMEZ 
JASON JONATHAN GOOD 
JASON D. GORDON 
SUSANNA K. GUNKEL 
JESSICA M. HAGUE 
MICHAEL J. HAMMERBACHER 
MATTHEW T. HAMRICK 
JUSTIN T. HANNAFORD 
KAREN K. HARMON 
KRYSTLE Y. HARRIS 
KARL J. HEMERLEIN II 
CHRISTOPHER M. HENDERSON 
PAUL A. HERRERARAMIREZ 
KEVIN C. HINER 
KATHERINE A. HOLMES 
BRENNAN J. HOUBRICK 
DARREN J. HOWARD 
SCOTTY G. HOWARD 
WILLIAM E. HOWARD 
JABARI H. HUDSON 
ALEX E. HUGHES 
KASIE L. HUMMEL 
WILLIAM Z. INGERSOLL 
DENNIS D. JACKSON II 
MELODEE LYNN JACKSON 
CHRISTOPHER J. JEFFRIES 
MICHAEL W. JOHNSON 
CAMYLA M. S. JOULE 
GREGORY S. KATIRGIS 
FELICIA A. KEITH 
GERALD M. KIARITHA 
ERIC JONG KLIBER 
RYAN C. KNIGHT 
ZSUZSANNA DANUTA KROKOVAY 
ALECIA C. LAPP 
KIM J. LIEBERT 
JARED S. LINK 
ADAM D. LOHN 
BENJAMIN JOSEPH LOWRY 
SUSAN B. MACARTHUR 
BRYAN A. MALCOLM 
BURKE N. MANNING 
EUGENIO MATTA LOPEZCEPERO 
STEVEN L. MAYA 
GINA L. MCCOMB 
MARK W. MCGIFFIN 
CHRISTYLYNNE M. MCGINNIS 
YOLANDA I. MCKELVEY 
DIEGO C. MELGAR GRAY 
SONG J. MOON 
JUAN D. MORENO 
JENIFER MARY MOUSER 
LAURA M. MULDER 
JOHN A. NELSON 
PIERRE M. NELSON 
MEGAN KRYSTLETR NGUYEN 
KIRSTY N. NICHOLS 
ROBYN E. PACK 
NABEELA PARKER 
WHITNEY L. PATRICK 
LISA B. PAULSON 
JOSHUA E. PEARCY 
ELIZABETH T. PERRYMAN 
COLIN JOSEPH QUINN 
TIMOTHY G. RAFFERTY 
QUOTAICHI N. RAMBUS NEVIUS 
JEFFREY F. RAMEAU 
LAURA A. RAUCH 
DOROTHY E. RIDENOUR 
GISELLE RUTH RIESCHICK 
CHRISTINA M. RINCON ZAHM 
PABLO R. RIVERA LEBRON 
MICHELLE CHING ROSALES 
JON J. RUZICH 
DAVID A. SACHSE 
CARLOS L. SALAZAR 
MARY MAURHENE G. SALGADO 
INNA D. SALUNGA 
SHAUN M. SAUNDERS 
THADDEUS L. SCHAFER 
IAN JOSHUA SCOTT 
GOLDY SHARMA 
ERIN C. SIEBERT 
STEVEN SIERRA ALCABES 
MICHELLE G. SIERRA KWANDHAM 
PATRICIA E. SITLER 
DANIEL J. STONE 
BRENDAN MICHAEL STROZ 
KEVIN L. STUESSY 
STEPHEN J. SULLIVAN, JR. 
BEAU JAMES TAYLOR 
ANDREA E. THEYE 
TERESA R. THOMPSON 
CARLO ALFONSO S. TIANO 
JEFFREY A. TURNER 
CARLA F. TURRENTINE 
CHAWNTEL M. VEGA 
JOSE G. VELASCOSOLTERO 
PEDRO N. VIEIRA DE OLIVEIRA 
SCOTT M. VROOMAN II 
ABIGAIL E. K. WOLFE 
JOSHUA D. WOOD 
DIANA S. H. ZARB 
JESSICA E. ZERBE 
KATELYN M. ZERINGUE 
IN THE ARMY 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY 
UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
MARK S. BORN 
MARQUES A. BRUCE 
HENRY CARTAGENA 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY 
UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
MICHAEL L. BARNETT 
ANTONIO I. CRUCET 
CRYSTAL D. ERNST 
JONATHAN FERNANDEZ 
JAMES B. PRISOCK 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE 
ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
LAWRENCE B. AUSTIN 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE 
ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
JOHN B. BLACKBURN 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY 
UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
CARLOS J. KAVETSKY 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY 
UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
LARONDA D. DAVIS 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:27 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00030
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 9801
E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.015
S22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 39-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S781 
February 22, 2021 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE 
ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
ALVIN D. SCHWAPP, JR. 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY 
MEDICAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 
AND 7064: 
To be major 
RANDALL S. BOSSLER, JR. 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY 
UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C. SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
JOSEPH A. MARTY 
BRIAN W. MCCOY 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY 
UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
FENICIA L. JACKSON 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY 
MEDICAL SERVICE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SEC-
TIONS 624 AND 7064: 
To be major 
JERMAIN Y. WILLIAMS 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY 
MEDICAL SPECIALIST CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., 
SECTIONS 624 AND 7064: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
TIMOTHY M. BENEDICT 
DAVID M. BOLAND 
EDWARD J. BOOTH 
ROBIN E. CUSHING 
KAREN A. DAIGLE 
MARIA G. DUGGAN 
DAVID E. ELLIOTT 
ISMAEL FLECHA 
ANDREW D. FORTENBERRY 
DARRON FRITZ 
BRETT C. GENDRON 
CHRIS M. GONZALEZ 
ALHAMBRO J. GORDON 
BRIAN T. GREGG 
GENEVIEVE M. GUDORF 
JULIE A. HESS 
SCOTT R. JOLMAN 
JOETTA M. KHAN 
JUSTIN D. KOCHER 
KRISTOPHER B. LEWIS 
KELLY J. MARCOUX 
JOHN A. MILLER 
CHRISTOPHER W. REMILLARD 
BRADLEY M. RITLAND 
CANDI C. ROBERTS 
CHRISTOPHER J. RUGGIERO 
DAWN M. RYAN 
BRIAN S. SIMONS 
CRYSTAL L. SIMS 
SUSAN STANKORB 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY 
MEDICAL SERVICE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SEC-
TIONS 624 AND 7064: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
HARRIS A. ABBASI 
BRENT E. ANDERSON 
NYKEBA L. ANTHONY 
MICHAEL G. BACKLUND 
ANTIONE D. BARNETT 
ANTIONE D. BARRY 
CATHERINE A. BESSLER 
TIFFANY R. BILDERBACK 
DARIN R. BINGHAM 
CHRISTOPHER M. BLACKNALL 
DOMINICA D. BOWDEN 
MATTHEW L. BROWN 
ALISSA L. BYRNE 
ASMAR S. CALVERY 
CORETTA F. CAMPBELL 
EDWIN G. CAUDELL 
JESS M. CHRISTENSEN 
THOMAS C. COLLETTE 
NATALIE D. COLLINS 
BRENT A. CREER 
DONALD S. DAIS 
KIMI R. DAMASSIARHOADES 
ANDY D. DAO 
KIMBERLY L. DECKER 
SAMANDRA T. DEMONS 
ELIZABETH A. DESITTER 
SAMUEL J. DIEHL 
REUBEN G. DOORNINK 
CHRISTINE P. DOWNS 
MICHAEL N. DRETSCH 
PATRICK R. DULIN 
PHILIP J. DURANDO 
EDWARD N. EDENS 
CESAR I. EGUSQUIZA 
MICHELLE L. ELLIOTT 
MATTHEW R. EWENS 
STEVEN E. FLANNIGAN 
ARMANDO M. GENEROSO 
CORY L. GEROULD 
CHASKA L. GOMEZ 
DANA Y. GRAY 
MICHELL L. GRIFFITH 
KATHLEEN E. HAMILTON 
CHAD R. HANDLEY 
BRENT B. HAYWARD 
ZACHARY J. HEINRICH 
PAUL C. HENNING 
JESSICA HIGA 
STUART S. HOBBS 
GARRETT W. HOLT 
JESSICA R. HULL 
RACHEL N. HUSSAIN 
MARVIN J. JENNINGS 
BRIAN R. JOHNSON 
ANTHONY R. JONES 
STEVEN G. JONES 
BEATRICE I. KEARNEY 
RICHARD M. KELLEY 
JASON S. KIM 
KATHERINE M. KINDER 
BRADLEY K. KISTLER 
MELISSA K. KODANI 
SHERRY M. KWON 
RYAN S. LABIO 
DEXTER O. LAMAR 
DAYAMI LIEBENGUTH 
KATHRYN C. LOFRANCO 
JAMES B. MACDONALD 
JIM R. J. MANAGBANAG 
KATIE M. MARTINEZ 
BRIAN A. MASON 
LATRICIA N. MAY 
PATRICK W. MCCARDLE 
BRANDON D. MCCARTER 
CASEY MCKENNA 
LEE A. MCMOOAIN, JR. 
MICHELLE L. MILLER 
ALEX C. MONTGOMERY 
KRISTIAN D. MROCZKO 
JERRY E. MURPHY 
MICHAEL J. MURPHY 
MATTHEW PARTYKA 
JULIE K. PICKETT 
DEMIETRICE L. PITTMAN 
ALEXANDER N. RAGAN 
CAMILLO N. RAMIREZ 
PATRICIA J. RAZURI 
ERIN E. RICHARDS 
KELLY M. RIVERA 
JOHN F. ROBICHAUX 
JORGE F. RODRIGUEZ 
RICARDO J. RODRIGUEZCRUZ 
DENNIS M. RUFOLO 
RAUSHAN A. SALAAM 
MARK G. SANDER 
GREGORY L. SCHAEFER 
ADAM N. SCHAFFER 
ROBERT N. SCHLAU 
SHAMECCA M. SCOTT 
ROBERT L. SHAW 
CLARK SIMON 
JON J. SKIDMORE 
JASON P. SMITH 
JESSE E. SMITH 
STEPHANIE D. SMITH 
SCOTT SORQUIST 
JAMIE L. SOUTHERLAND 
WILLIAM D. SPRUILL 
MICHAEL TAYE 
TEATRIC T. THOMAS 
JEREMY J. TRESCOTT 
CYNTHIA L. TUCKER 
ROSALYNDA M. UY 
MELINDA A. WALLACE 
DANIEL C. WIGGINS 
TERRANCE L. WILLIAMS 
MATTHEW C. WINGATE 
JOSHUA D. ZELDIN 
DAVID M. ZUPANCIC 
D015486 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY 
NURSE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 
7064: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
SILAS C. ABRENICA 
SAMANTHA L. AGEE 
BRIAN P. ALEXANDER 
CHRIS N. ANGELES 
DANGELO M. AUSTIN 
KENNETH M. AYTES 
SAMANTHA E. BAZAN 
AMBER M. BIRKLE 
DAWN M. BLANCHARD 
CAMISHA Q. BOATWRIGHT 
PHANTHAVONG BOON 
WILLIAM BOSOMPEM 
GORDON T. BRISCOE 
MICHELE L. BURATTI 
SEAN W. CALDER 
RICHARD E. CROCKER 
JEREMY K. CROUCH 
RICHARD A. CURRY 
VERONICA D. DEAN 
NICOLLE E. DEATON 
JAMES J. DIAL 
ELISABETH DILLON 
MEGAN D. DONALD 
JULIE R. DUFFY 
NATALIE A. FARLEY 
KYLEE J. FOY 
JACOB R. FROEHLE 
MANUEL A. GALAVIZ 
BRIAN P. GALLAHAN 
BETHANY D. GARDNER 
JENNIFER Y. GIVENS 
KELLY N. GREEN 
TORRY B. HOOK 
FESTINA R. HUMEDAWSON 
JENNIFER L. HUYCK 
ERIN M. JACKSON 
GEORGE H. JOHNSON 
KEVIN P. JONES 
GLENNIE Z. KERTES 
LAQUINCYIA R. KEY 
PATRICK M. KRUM 
CYNTHIA G. LEIDEN 
NORRIS L. LEVY 
TANESHA D. LINDSAY 
CANISHA A. MARTIN 
ATIA C. MBAH 
AMANDA M. MERRITT 
JUSTIN L. MILLER 
BARON B. MOEHLENBROCK 
TODD A. MORRIS 
ERIC S. MUTCHIE 
AMANDA B. NAPOLET 
NATHANIAL NARAYANA 
NICOLE M. NELSON 
MICHAEL G. NEUFELD 
EDRIS L. NEWMAN 
NICKOLAS C. PACELLA 
LOUIE S. PINEDA 
LISA A. POST 
TRACEY E. POWELL 
MARITA J. PRINCE 
DERRAL W. PROWANT 
HEIDI R. RADMER 
NICOLE L. RAU 
RANDY J. RAU 
CHRISTY G. REIBITZ 
ERIN E. RODRIGUEZ 
BROOKE H. SCHRUM 
JANET J. SIMS 
ADAM J. SOKOLOWSKI 
KIMBERLY M. SOLARI 
GENNA S. SPEED 
TERESA TIMMS 
SANDRA L. TURNER 
RACHEL G. TYLER 
NANCY N. UDALL 
RUBEN J. VAZQUEZ 
KELLEY A. WATTS 
KAREN A. WHITE 
TINA M. WILLIAMS 
DANIEL J. YOURK 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY 
UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
PAUL E. BAKER 
AVRON J. BLOOM 
SONJA A. BROWN 
BYRON K. CASSIDY 
ERIC S. COPELAND 
ZORI B. DREW 
ANDREW L. DUNBAR 
BLAKE G. FITZGERALD 
NELSON R. GODBOLT 
GERARDO GRAUDELEON 
MARIO A. GUTIERREZ 
GARRETT J. HAYWARD 
KEVIN D. JAWORSKI 
ALEXANDER W. JENKINS 
CASEY F. JOHNSON 
JUSTIN T. LANAHAN 
MEGAN L. MANLY 
BRYAN W. MCCOSKEY 
BRIAN P. MERCADO 
SKYLER G. ONKEN 
CHRISTOPHER J. PORTER 
GREGORY N. RICH 
EASTON A. RING 
JOHN E. ROLLINSON 
ADAM P. SCHINDER 
BUDDY N. SHOUKAT 
CHRISTOPHER A. SIEBERT 
TRAVIS J. SIEMION 
SHANE P. SMITH 
FLORENTINA R. TAHIMIK 
GEORGE R. THURSBY 
DARIUS VIZGAITIS 
STEPHEN W. WIEMERS 
STEPHEN L. WILLSON 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY 
UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
JONATHAN E. ABSHIRE 
JOHN M. AGUIRRE 
RAYMOND A. AINSLIE 
MERCEDES A. ALLEN 
JAMES R. AMSLER III 
RASHEEDAH R. AMSLER 
ANDREA E. ANDERSON 
ERIC J. ANDERSON 
PETER D. ANDERSON 
MARCO T. ANDRADE 
ANNIE M. ARAUZ 
AARON S. ARFLACK 
JEREMY J. AUSTIN 
GREGORY A. AYERS 
TIMOTHY P. BANE 
ROBERT K. BARNES, JR. 
KERRY A. BARRAS 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:27 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00031
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 9801
E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.019
S22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 40-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S782 
February 22, 2021 
GLENN T. BARROZO 
BRETT T. BARTLETT 
NATHAN S. BATESEL 
ALEX M. BAYER 
MAURO M. BAZANTORRICO 
MATTHEW H. BEASLEY 
MICHAEL T. BELINA 
KASSANDRA H. BENAVIDES 
HAYLEY F. BENEDICT 
LINDA C. BENITES 
SEAN P. BENJAMIN 
TRISTAN K. BETTS 
JUSTIN R. BEVERLY 
DERRICK D. BISHOP 
JOSEPH P. BISSO 
ADAM J. BLACK 
EDWARD T. BLANKENSTEIN 
JAMESON J. BLIGH 
MATTHEW D. BONTRAGER 
PATRICK D. BOWERS 
ANDREW W. BOYLE 
GRANT A. BRCHAN 
ALEX W. BRIDGEFORTH 
KYLE S. BROWN 
JEFFERY J. BROWNE 
ANDREW J. BUCHTER 
JAMES T. BUENSUCESO 
RANDOLPH M. BUFKIN 
KIPTON T. BURBA 
AARON N. BURLINGAME 
JOSEPH R. BUTARBUTAR 
RYAN G. BUTTNER 
THOMAS W. CAGLE 
JOSEPH N. CALLAWAY 
JOSEPHINE H. CAMMACK 
BRIAN A. CANIANO 
DANIEL L. CANNON 
ANTOENETTE M. CARTER 
MATTHEW B. CASTIGLIONE 
NEAL T. CAVANAUGH 
BRYAN A. CHANCEY 
ROBERT H. CHAPIN 
KEVIN H. CHAPLA 
JONATHON S. CHAPMAN 
MATTHEW E. CHASE 
RAYMON W. CHENG 
POTSUN CHIANG 
IVAN N. CHO 
SEONGBO CHOI 
NICHOLAS M. CHOPP 
JASON E. CLARK 
EVAN P. COCHRANE 
TIMOTHY J. COE 
ANTHONY L. COLE 
BAILEY D. COLWELL 
PATRICK M. CONNELLY 
IAN P. COOK 
JED R. COOPER 
KYLE A. CORDAS 
CURTIS S. CORNELIUS 
BENJAMIN L. COUCHEY 
JOSHUA H. COWAN 
LEEANN CRAIG 
HOLLY M. CROSS 
TAMMY L. CUEVAS 
JAMES M. CULAK 
KENNETH C. CUMMINGS 
J C. CUPIT 
JERREL V. CURRY 
JOHN H. CURRY III 
STEVEN O. DARBY 
CAMERON E. DAVIS 
QUINTIN E. DAVIS 
JAMES M. DAWDY 
COURTNEY J. DAWKINS 
TAMEIKA M. DAWSON 
JOSHUA T. DEAN 
ELIZABETH A. DEAVILA 
THOMAS A. DEAVILA 
MAUREEN DEHARO 
BRYAN A. DELISO 
RAYMOND A. DELUCIO 
LEAH M. DEMAR 
JOSEPH C. DEROY 
SAMUEL DIAZTORRES 
RICHARD P. DICKSON 
JAMES A. DINATALE 
VINHKHANG D. DO 
CHRISTOPHER R. DONNELLY 
NOELLE E. DOUGLAS 
MATTHEW D. DUGAN 
CARL G. DUKE 
JOSHUA J. DURIK 
JONATHAN C. EAMES, JR. 
MICHAEL J. ECKLUND 
BRADLEY R. ENGET 
CYRUS A. ENGLISH 
DANIEL L. ENYART 
DANIEL E. ERICKSON II 
ELISABET M. ERICKSON 
JUSTIN M. ERWIN 
SHANE P. EUCKER 
JOSHUA M. EURELL 
KAITLYN V. FAHSEL 
ROBERT B. FAIRFAX 
CANDICE C. FARNEY 
ANDREW M. FAULKNER 
JENNIFER L. FAULKNER 
EDWARD A. FITZPATRICK 
ASHLEY C. FORD 
DANIEL D. FOREMAN IV 
MICHAEL J. FOX 
CHRISTOPHER J. FRASSE 
CEDRIC A. FRY 
FRANCISCO D. GARCIA 
RAFAEL A. GARCIAMENOCAL 
RICHARD R. GEIGER 
CHRISTIAN A. GENAOMARTINEZ 
TRAVIS R. GERBATSCH 
DERRICK M. GESSLER 
JASON D. GIBBS 
JOSHUA W. GIBSON 
AARON C. GILBERT 
SETH R. GILLELAND 
FRANK C. GIUNTA 
MARKANDREW S. GNODLE 
KENNETH C. GOETZ 
MEGHAN A. GOINS 
ROBERT W. GORDON 
KENT D. GOTTSCHALL 
RYAN L. GRANIER 
JONATHAN R. GRAVES 
JARRETT D. GREEN 
JOSHUA L. GREEN 
MATT B. GRICE 
YURI S. GRIGORYEV 
KURT J. GROSS 
ADRIANO E. GRULLONVILLANUEVA 
WEIJUN GU 
STEVEN J. GUEVARA 
DAVID A. GUGGENHEIM 
FRANK R. GUIZAR III 
DARREN E. GUREE 
EVELYN A. GUTIERREZ 
PAUL A. GUZMAN 
DAVID N. HAKALA 
JAMES M. HALL 
ELISABETH V. HALLGREN 
DARREN W. HAMBY 
JUNGSUN HAN 
KYLE P. HANRATTY 
JONATHAN E. HARBIN 
RICHARD A. HARPHAM 
AARON M. HARRIS 
IAN J. HARRIS 
MARTIN C. HARRIS 
TONI R. HARRIS 
ANDREW W. HARRISON 
CHRISTOPHER M. HAWKINS 
OLIVER F. HAYES 
MICHAEL O. HAZLETT 
CORY J. HENDLEY 
JASMIN N. HICKMAN 
MICHAEL T. HICKMAN 
DAVID A. HICKOX 
ANDREW M. HICKS 
MICHAEL S. HILMO 
LAURA M. HINTON 
BENJAMIN E. HOCKMAN 
KEVIN N. HOEROLD 
JEREMY W. HOFSTETTER 
GEORGE K. HOGG 
WALTER D. HOLMES 
BRETT A. HONEYCUTT 
DANIELLE A. HORTON 
ANDREW J. HOSKEN 
JESSE W. HOWARD 
JARETH M. HUBER 
DAVID R. HUBERT 
LISA M. HUBERT 
CASEY W. HUDSON 
JONATHAN J. HUDSON 
MATTHEW A. HUGHES 
JEREMY M. HUNTER 
LINDSEY R. HUTCHISON 
BENJAMIN K. HUZZEY 
DONALD F. INGHAM 
LUIS E. JAUREGUI 
BRANDON D. JAY 
NATHANIEL E. JEANES 
HEATHER N. JEBB 
RACHAEL L. JEFFCOAT 
SHAWN T. JENKINS 
JACOB Z. JENSEN 
BENJAMIN A. JIMENEZ 
CHAUNCEY B. JINKS 
PARSON B. A. JOHNS 
BRIAN T. JOHNSON 
LAUREN E. JOHNSON 
TRAVIS S. JOHNSON 
JESSICA L. JONES 
STEPHEN M. JORDAN 
KYLE D. KAISER 
CASEY A. KAPETANOV 
JACQUES Y. KASSA 
JACOB L. KEGLEY 
MARCUS E. KELLEY 
JACOB P. KELLY 
MEGAN J. KESSEL 
NICHOLAS J. KESTLER 
BRYANT C. KIM 
HYEON S. S. KIM 
JUHYUNG KIM 
LEO H. KIM 
JOSEPH D. KING 
KELSEY S. KIRBY 
JOSHUA D. KISER 
JESSICA M. KITCHELL 
ANNE C. KLINE 
BRIAN W. KNIGHT 
MATTHEW J. KOCHER 
BENJAMEN S. KOCHHEISER 
MICHAEL J. KOCSIS 
MICHAEL T. KOSSBIEL 
KYLE B. KUNZ 
CHRISTOPHER R. LANCIA 
JOHN N. LANDSBERG 
COREY A. LANGHAMMER 
TREVOR S. LANHAM 
DANIEL N. LAOTALENS 
JOHN A. LARSON 
GENE A. LARY, JR. 
DANIEL D. LASLEY 
JORDAN M. LAUGHLIN 
BRENDAN M. LAW 
AARON N. LAWLESS 
YUNMI LAWRENCE 
ADAM D. LAWSON 
ZACHARY R. LAWSON 
JONATHON M. LEWIS 
GARNETT A. LIAS 
CRAIG M. LIENING 
MICHAEL T. LINDSAY 
EDUARDO LOPEZAYALA 
ALEXANDER J. LOVO 
JAMES M. LUNDERS 
BENJAMIN J. LYMAN 
NEAL A. MACDONALD 
ABID J. MAHMUDAGUIAR 
ROBERT A. MAHONEY 
HARRISON J. MANN 
WILMARIE G. MARCHANY 
JOSHUA A. MARLATT 
BRYCE A. MARTENS 
AGUSTIN MARTINEZ 
JUSTIN P. MARTIROSIAN 
LUCAS P. MASIARAK 
JESSICA M. MASTERS 
MICHAEL D. MASTY 
CHRISTOPHER D. MATHEWS 
DANIEL W. MATHEWS 
KEVIN J. MATHEWS 
ZACHARY T. MAY 
JAMES K. MAYBERRY 
RYAN P. MCCAULEY 
LARRY G. MCCLAIN, JR. 
SAMUEL E. MCCLEARY 
TIMOTHY MCCRACKEN 
WESLY M. MCCULLOUGH 
JOSHUA L. MCFARLAND 
SARAH N. MCFARLAND 
JEFFREY M. MCGOWAN 
TRISTAN P. MCGRATH 
ERICH C. MCGUFFEY 
MOLLY M. MCINTYRE 
BRADY A. MCMANUS 
CHRISTOPHER D. MCRORIE 
JOSHUA D. MENGES 
CIDNY S. MENJIVAR 
ERIC T. MIHALIC 
KYLE T. MILLARD 
JONATHAN D. MILLER 
BRANDON R. MILLIARD 
MARYJANE M. MINA 
SEAN P. MITCHAM 
ROBERT M. MONDAY 
ELIZABETH D. MONTES 
WILLIAM S. MOONEY 
DOMINIQUE C. MOORING 
ANDRES C. MORALES 
STEPHEN A. MORRIS 
NICHOLAS A. MORTON 
RYAN A. MOSCHITTO 
JOSEPH D. MOURE 
YESENIA E. MURRAY 
THOMAS F. MUSSMANN 
CONNLANN A. MYERS 
WILLIAM W. MYERS II 
BRANDON R. NALLEY 
RICHARD O. NASEER 
CHRISTOPHER D. NELSON 
KATHERINE M. NELSON 
TYLER F. NEWBERG 
DAVID A. NEWMAN 
VU A. D. NGUYEN 
JAMES C. NILL 
ANDREW P. NODTVEDT 
STEVEN A. NUNN, SR. 
JAMES M. NUXOLL 
CHRISTOPHER L. OBLAK 
CODY L. OBRIEN 
MOISES A. OCHOA 
ASUCENA OCHOASTONE 
PATRICK F. OCONNOR 
PAUL T. ODANIEL 
KATHERYN M. OKONSKY 
PATRICK M. ONEILL 
EDGAR E. ORTIZ 
CRESCENCIO T. PADILLARUBERTE 
STEPHEN G. PAGE 
NICHOLAS T. PALESKY 
TONY S. PARK 
BRENNAN L. PARKER 
JASON E. PARKS 
MATTHEW R. PARMER 
DANIEL K. PARRA 
JOHN J. PARRISH 
DAVID C. PERT 
CHRISTOPHER M. PHALAN 
CHRISTOPHER R. PHILHOWER 
LUCAS G. PIERCE 
JESUS J. PLACENCIA 
BRANDON M. PODOJIL 
DARREN M. POOLE 
BLAKE B. POWERS 
KATRINA L. PRADO 
ERIC M. PRANGE 
CHRISTOPHER N. PRATO 
PARKER W. PROPST 
KARON D. PURNELL 
BRADLEY D. RAGER 
JAMES W. RAMSAY 
SANDRA C. RAMSEY 
MICHAEL J. RASAK 
REGINA B. RAUER 
WALTER J. RAUSCH 
ADAM D. READOUT 
WALTER C. REALL 
SHEA M. REDMOND 
BRENDAN S. REGAN 
MICHAEL R. REID 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:27 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00032
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 9801
E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.022
S22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 41-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S783 
February 22, 2021 
TAVIS C. REID 
LATONIA R. RELF 
DANIEL A. REYES, JR. 
DOMINIQUE S. REYES 
THOMAS D. RICHARDSON 
NATHAN J. RIEHL 
BRETT W. RIGBY 
MATTHEW A. RISENMAY 
LUIS F. RIVAS 
ARTURO B. RODRIGUEZ 
IMELDA E. RODRIGUEZ 
JOEY D. RODRIGUEZ 
JOSHUA D. ROLING 
JOHN T. RONAYNE 
CHRISTIAN O. ROSSE 
WARREN ROVIRAPENA 
DWAYNE A. ROWE 
JOHN P. ROWLEY 
STEPHEN I. ROY 
DAVID C. ROYAL 
DAYNE C. ROYAL 
ISRAEL RUBIO 
JESSICA L. RUDO 
JOHN F. RUSH 
ROBERT V. RYAN 
SARAH A. RYAN 
SKYLER M. SAITO 
CHRISTOPHER D. SANCHEZ 
IAN P. SANDALL 
BLAKE R. SANDSTROM 
ZACHARY A. SANTOS 
NATHAN D. SCHILL 
JON D. SCHLEEF 
PHILLIP D. SCHMEDEMAN 
JOHN M. SCHOOK 
JUSTIN T. SCHORTMANN 
DAVID J. SCHOTT 
BRIAN A. SCHRAMKE 
SEAN D. SCRIMSHAW 
LIAM C. SCULLYWOLFE 
JOSEPH A. SEALS 
KRISTOFER W. SEIBT 
STEVEN S. SEIFEN 
JASON R. SEIFERT 
HANS C. SELLER 
JAMES E. SETTLES 
JASON S. SEYLER 
NATHAN A. SHAFFNER 
CALEB M. SHERSTAD 
MICHELLE J. SHIN 
WILLIAM E. SHINEGO 
CLAYTON R. SHIVE 
SETH W. SHOOK 
ANDREW D. SHORT 
MATTHEW W. SMALL 
HANNAH M. SMITH 
HARRISON H. SMITH 
JOSHUA R. SMITH 
MICHAEL S. SMITH 
DELLA G. SMITHDELROSARIO 
JINWOO P. SON 
JUNG P. SON 
BENJAMIN J. SOPHER 
KEVIN SPENCER 
STEPHEN R. STAFFORD 
STEPHEN A. STAPLETON 
JAVON STARNES 
DJAY T. STAVROS 
JOSHUA R. STELWAGEN 
ADAM T. STEVELEY 
DERRICK M. STEVENS 
SIMON A. STOCK 
JEREMY J. STOKKE 
JOHN W. STRICKLAND 
MARK J. SUDIMAK 
GENTI SULAJ 
PETER A. SULZONA 
MADISON K. SUMPTER 
MAHESA B. SUPROBO 
GREGORY G. SZABADOS 
STEVEN TARANTINO 
PETER R. TEACHOUT 
ANDREW H. TERUYA 
THOMAS M. THARP 
KRISTOFER G. THODOS 
ERIC D. THOMAS 
RYAN E. THOMPSON 
JACOB E. THOMSON 
CHAD M. TIERNEY 
KELVIN T. TOOKE 
RYAN E. TORRES 
ERIC G. TORRESCARCOVICH 
JONATHAN J. TOWNE 
PHI V. TRAN 
JACOB E. TRAYLOR 
JORDAN G. TRIMBLE 
NATHAN W. TRIMBLE 
VICTOR Y. TURCHANY 
CHRISTOPHER W. TURLEY 
DANIEL R. TUTHILL 
ERIK D. TWOMBLY 
GREGORY D. VALENTINE 
CODY S. VANDENRAADT 
SAIF A. VAZQUEZ 
JOSEPH VEARY 
ROBERT A. VILLAREAL, JR. 
CHRISTIAN B. VIONE 
STEPHEN J. VOLINE 
EMMA L. WAHAB 
ALYCA N. WALDROP 
JUSTIN D. WALLEY 
CLAIRE C. WARD 
DANIEL J. WARNER 
ANDRE J. WATKINSCLARK 
JOSHUA R. WATKINS 
CHRISTOPHER M. WEBB 
AARON M. WHITE 
LISA L. WHITE 
OCTAVIUS T. WHITESIDE 
TODD A. WIEGMAN 
DUSTIN A. WIGGINS 
JOSEPH M. WILHELM 
AMANDA K. WILLIAMS 
DIANA M. WILLIAMS 
NATHAN R. WILLIAMS 
ANDREW S. WILSON 
CARLIE A. WILSON 
JOSHUA J. E. WILSON 
ROBERT G. WINKLER 
ANDREA R. WITHERSPOON 
MARSHEIK L. WITHERSPOON 
JAKE K. WRIGHT 
STEVEN R. YATES 
DERAIL YOUNG 
AARON V. ZENTNER 
DANIEL C. ZURNDORFER 
G010676 
D015524 
D013654 
D014983 
D014276 
D014467 
D015107 
G010602 
D015811 
G010629 
D015175 
G010640 
G010443 
D015868 
D013539 
D014732 
D015481 
D015179 
D015253 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY 
UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
NATHANAEL B. ACHOR 
VINCENT J. AEBI 
OLUMIDE H. AKANNI 
SAFIUL M. ALAM 
HANNAH ALEXANDER 
CIHAN ALPTEKIN 
JUNIE AMATAGA 
FRANKLYN P. AMATO 
NICHOLAS AMUNA 
BRIAN C. ANDERSON 
MARSHALL H. ANGERMAN 
BRITTANY M. ASHLOCK 
JOSHUA S. ASPINWALL 
BENJAMIN A. BACAOCO, JR. 
DANIEL S. BADER 
MONTE J. BAILEY 
CELINA M. BALDWIN 
JAMES A. BALDWIN 
PHILIP W. BARNES 
ROBERT L. BARNHART 
DIEGO S. BARROS 
CORY M. BATES 
GENARDA B. BATES 
HEATHER L. BATES 
AMY L. BEATTY 
DANIEL R. BEATTY 
PAUL D. BEAUDIN 
KEITH D. BEESON 
GEORGE H. BEIMEL 
AMY R. BELAUS 
MAEGAN M. BELL 
MICHAEL E. BENDER 
JUSTIN M. BERRY 
SCOTT E. BETANCOURT 
CARLOS A. BETANCURGARCIA 
CHRISTOPHER A. BIDDIE 
BRIAN C. BIGGS 
HAROLD J. BISHOP 
BENJAMIN J. BITONEL 
BRITTANY A. BLASKA 
DANIELLE A. BLEDSOE 
TARHONDA N. BLEVINS 
SEAN B. BLEW 
ANDREW J. BLOUNT 
LAURIENEL BONANOORTIZ 
FRANCISCO H. BONGLO 
ROBERT S. BOURGEAU 
BRETT J. BOWDREN 
JACOB D. BRADFORD 
SHERIKA L. BRADFORD 
BRIAN E. BRENNER 
JOHN W. BRILEY 
BETH M. BROOKS 
LATECIA S. BROWN 
MARTAIN BROWN 
MICHAEL T. BROWN 
STEVEN J. BROWN 
WILLIAM R. BROWN 
JASON A. BROWNING 
RYAN M. BRUNN 
CLAUDIA K. G. BRYAN 
BENJAMIN D. BUFORD 
JASON M. BULSON 
JOHN Z. BURKE 
CORY T. BURNETT 
NADINE E. BUSE 
ROBERT C. BUSLEY 
WADE F. CADY 
ROSS P. CALVERT 
MARTIN L. CAMACHO 
MICHAEL CAMACHOPABON 
HARRY CAMBRELEN 
BRADLEY R. CAMPBELL 
RYAN M. CAMPBELL 
ANTHONY E. CAPALAD 
RICHARD J. CARBONE 
JOSERAMON R. CARDONAJORGE 
JANE E. CAREY 
CHRISTOPHER D. CARLSTEDT 
DAVID R. CARMICHAEL 
DANIEL R. CARPENTER 
JUSTIN J. CARROLL 
JANILL CASTILLO 
ASHLEY A. CHAPA 
RICHARD L. CHAPMAN 
KYLE S. CHEE 
CHARLES C. CHELLMAN 
STEPHEN A. CHENAULT 
ALLEN R. CHRANS 
MICHAEL A. CLARK 
JOSHUA P. CLELLAND 
DAVID C. CLOUSE 
AMANDA M. COATES 
VIOLA K. COFFEY 
VIRGINIA M. COGHLAN 
TRAVIS K. COLEY 
DANIEL P. COLLETTI 
RAYMOND COLSTON, JR. 
DANIEL E. CONCEPCION 
MITCH R. CONNELLEY 
DAVID C. CONRADS 
JUSTIN G. CONSTANT 
ARTAVIOUS D. COOPER 
TRAVIS A. COPE 
VINCENT A. COPPOLA 
ANDREW M. CORCORAN 
CHARLTON P. CORNELL 
ROBERT K. CORNETT 
JOSHUA J. COTTON 
JAYME T. COX 
NOAH R. COX 
COLTON D. CRAWFORD 
RANDY D. CRISS 
WARREN R. CROCKER 
PAUL T. CROWLEY 
VICTOR M. CRUZMORALES 
JESSICA S. CURNOW 
VINCENT CURRIE 
FLETCHER R. CYPERT 
MELISSA E. DABNEY 
BLAKE A. DAVIS 
DEREK A. DAVIS 
GREGORY S. DAVIS 
PATRICK D. DAVIS 
CHARLES C. DEEM 
ALEXANDER J. DEETS 
DAVID R. DEIBLER 
AARON N. DERMON 
JAMES U. DERNEHL III 
FETENE DICHMA 
MATTHEW J. DIRISIO 
ANDREW E. DODD II 
JONATHAN R. DOKOS 
SCOTT A. DRAKE 
JOSUE DUARTE 
JOEL A. DUBOIS 
STEPHEN I. DUCHARME 
CHRISTOPHER M. DUDLEY 
JAMES R. DUFFY 
GREGORY M. EARNEST 
BRIAN A. ERWIN 
RAMON G. ESPAILLAT 
ANGEL G. ESPINOZA 
CHAD R. EVANS 
ERIC C. FAGAN 
TED E. FAHLSING 
ADAM G. FARRAR 
LESLIE A. FARRIS 
MATTHEW S. FAULL 
JOSEPH C. FEATHERS 
QUINTON J. FENLEY 
AARON S. FERNANDEZ 
MICHEAL J. FERNANDEZ 
NOEL N. FERNANDO 
ZACHARY S. FETERL 
CHRISTOPHER L. FETTERMAN 
JOSEPH M. FIELD 
JOSE D. FIGUEROA 
JOSEPH C. FINK 
THOMAS J. FITE 
SAMUEL I. FLOHR 
TAMEKA N. FLOYD 
JOHN R. FOLGER 
THOMAS G. FOWLER 
JAHNCY A. FRANKLIN 
WILLIE L. FRANKLIN, JR. 
COURTNEY N. FRANKS 
ASHLIE A. FRANZOSA 
NATHAN D. FRASER 
WILLIAM A. FREIBERG 
DAVID G. FRYE 
DULCE M. FUENTES 
DOREEN D. FULLER 
WELLYN A. GACAD 
CHRISTOPHER S. GAER 
MAURICE A. GALLOWAY 
NADINE A. GAMBLE 
RAYMOND J. GARCIA 
TAYRA L. GARCIA 
REMY D. GARNER 
KATE B. GARTH 
MATTHEW D. GASKIN 
JAMES M. GASTON, JR. 
ANDRE K. GATLIN 
BRENDAN R. GEORGAS 
EVAN G. GEORGIA 
PRESTON R. I. GIDDENS 
JOHN A. GIRTON 
JAMES A. GLEASON 
THOMAS A. GONZALES 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:27 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00033
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 9801
E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.025
S22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 42-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S784 
February 22, 2021 
ALEXEIS A. GONZALEZ 
JAMES C. GORDON 
MICHAEL W. GORECKI 
ANTHONY GRAJALES 
KEAURORA M. GRIGSBY 
WILLIAM F. GRISMER 
RANDALL P. GROLLER 
MEGAN M. GROSENICK 
ADAM M. GROVER 
ARIEL L. GUNN 
ANDREW C. GUTHRIE 
CHELSEA M. HABERMAAS 
KEVIN S. HAN 
VERNITA D. HANDSBOROUGH 
WILLIAM C. HANDY, JR. 
H D. A. HANNON 
RONALD J. HANSON 
JOHNATHAN W. HARDIN 
CHRISTOPHER J. HARPSTER 
ADAM R. HARRIS 
BRYAN H. HARRISON 
BRIAN T. HART 
NICOLE A. HAYMAN 
ZACHARY D. HAYTH 
ANDREW D. HEAP 
PAULA HEAP 
EVAN D. HEARN 
MATHEW S. HENDERSON 
OCTAVIA L. HENINGBURG 
HOLLY N. HEPFL 
AARON A. HERMES 
IAN J. HERNANDEZ 
WILLIAM J. HERNANDEZ 
NATHANIEL J. HERNDON 
CHESTON L. HICKMAN 
RUSSELL J. HIGGINS 
JEFFERY A. HILL 
LYNDON M. HILL 
ANTHONY R. HINNANT, JR. 
DREW O. HOLDER 
SOPHIA M. HOLLENBECK 
LURLINE C. HOLLY 
JEFFREY D. HORNING 
JENNIFER L. HOULE 
JOSEPH M. HOWELL 
FRANK K. HUDSON 
MATTHEW M. HUFF 
MICHAEL S. HUFFMAN 
MARCUS J. HULL 
CRAIG J. HUNNINGHAKE 
TYLER S. HUNTER 
KAI P. HUNTSMAN 
FRANCISCO A. IDARRAGA 
JESSICA M. JACINTO 
AMBER S. JACKSONALLEN 
ROBIN M. JAMES 
NICHOLAS A. JANCAITIS 
SIDNEY H. JAQUES 
MATTHEW T. JARZEN 
VICTORIA B. JARZEN 
CASEY J. JEMELKA 
BRITTANY D. JENSEN 
DANIEL K. JERNIGAN 
LUIS C. JIMENEZADAMES 
AARON N. JOHNSON 
CHRISTOPHER S. JOHNSON 
JACOB A. JOHNSON 
LETHA M. JOHNSTON 
RICHARD L. JONES II 
ANDREW L. JORDAN 
SEAN M. JOYCE 
RYAN J. KAIZER 
RENEE E. KANE 
BRIAN M. KAVANAGH, JR. 
BRIANA H. KEIRSTEAD 
ANDREW P. KELLEY 
VIOLA B. KELLEY 
KEVIN L. KELLY 
AYANA C. KENDAL 
JOHN P. KILROY 
STEPHEN D. KIM 
MICHAEL C. KING 
KAITLIN M. KISIEL 
DARRELL P. KLIETHERMES 
ALEXANDER P. KNEEFEL 
DYLAN J. KNEHR 
DOMINIC J. KOMINOS 
ALEXANDER C. LABROOY 
TIMOTHY S. LADWIG 
JACOB A. LAGUE 
SHELITA R. LAMAR 
ANGELICA E. LAMBERTI 
BEATRIZ E. LASSISE 
DAVID R. LAUGHLIN 
JARED R. LAVALLEE 
TROY D. LAWSON 
JOSEPH P. LEARY 
JAEHYUN T. LEE 
STEVEN M. LENK 
CHRISTOPHER B. LESLIE 
SAMUEL T. LESLIE 
BRIAN LEUNG 
MARCUS D. LEVINGSTON 
PHILLIPA D. LEWIN 
JEFFERY D. LEWIS 
MARK A. LEWIS 
EUGENE W. LILLIEWOOD III 
CHELSEA Q. LINVILL 
COREY B. LIVINGSTON 
JASON M. LOCKE 
DON T. LOPES 
CHRISTOPHER M. LOPEZ 
ALEXANDRA E. LOSTETTER 
SCOTT T. LOUGHRIDGE 
EDUARDO A. LUGO 
DONALD W. LYONS 
MYLENE D. R. LYONS 
MATTHEW G. MACDONALD 
MANUEL L. MACIAS 
SHERYL V. MAGNAYE 
MARIA G. MAIO 
THOMAS A. MALAZARTE 
EDWARD E. MALLAS 
RONALD S. MANNING 
NICKOLAS A. MAREK 
JONATHAN E. MARSH 
TAMERA S. MARSHALL 
BLAIR T. MARTIN 
MICHAEL J. MARTIN 
EMILY M. MARTYSOTO 
BRIAN T. MATHEWS 
RYAN T. MAYNARD 
MARK E. MAYOR 
TIMOTHY R. MCALEESE 
STEPHANIE P. MCCORMICK 
MATTHEW M. MCCROAN 
MICHAEL J. MCCURDY 
ALFRED MCDANIEL 
KATELYN A. MCFEETERS 
BEVERLY L. MCGEE 
DEEMS C. MCKEE, JR. 
DANIELLE A. MCLAUGHLIN 
MARISHA E. MCLEAN 
MICHAEL A. MCLEAN 
JOSHUA K. MCMILLION 
WILLIAM MEDINADIAZ 
JENNIFER A. MEIER 
BRADLEY G. MEJEAN 
ESSELYN J. MENDEZ 
JOSE A. MENDEZCRESPO 
JURELLE J. MENDOZA 
MICHAEL A. MERRING 
TERESA G. MESINA 
MARK M. MESSICK 
KENNETH L. METCALF 
MEGAN A. METTS 
ERICA L. MIKELSON 
JACOB J. MILCZEWSKI 
ANDREW J. MILLER 
CAMERON T. MILLER 
LANDON E. MILLER 
MATHEW B. MILLER 
RANDELL A. MILLER 
ROBERT K. MILLER 
RYAN C. MILLER 
SARA R. MILLER 
BRANDON J. MITCHELL 
RONALD A. MITCHELL, JR. 
SARA C. MITCHELL 
VICTOR T. MITSUOKA 
JESSE A. MONICO 
STEVEN S. MOODY 
DAVID M. MOORE 
DETRICK W. MOORE 
JOSHUA D. MOORE 
ROBYN E. MOORE 
MARK A. MORALEZ 
TIMOTHY J. MORGAN 
NICOLE S. MORLOCK 
MARCUS C. MORRIS 
KENECHUKWU K. MORTANYA 
JESSE M. MORVANT 
ZAHRA S. MOUTABAKKIR 
ALLISON R. MUCCIO 
ROBERT T. MULLEN 
BENJAMIN J. MURPHY 
JOSEPH W. MURRAY 
MITCHELL R. MURRAY 
BRITTANY T. MYATT 
BENJAMIN W. MYHREN 
DANIEL C. NEDELL 
JAMES T. NIVENS 
THARUS J. NIXON 
SOLOMONA F. NUUSA 
FRANK R. OBIE IV 
ERUANGA A. ODION 
PATRICK M. ONEIL 
STEPHANIE K. OPHEIM 
ANDY OROZCOMARTINEZ 
LAURA K. OTEN 
JOSE L. OTEROFIGUEROA 
SI Y. PARK 
JAMES C. PARRY 
DUSTIN M. PATTON 
ALEJANDRA D. PEACH 
ROBERT A. PEDRIGI III 
SAMANTHA R. PEMBROOK 
DAVID M. PEPLINSKI 
DAVID B. PEREZ 
AVAG PETROSYAN 
SERENA D. PICKETT 
KEVIN L. PIERCY 
ZACHRY M. PITTARD 
DEBORA A. PLEITEZ 
MELDRICK POINDEXTER 
ROSS V. POWELL 
JEREMIAH J. POWERS 
JELANI M. PRITCHETT 
KELLI A. PRYOR 
MELISSA L. PUGH 
BRYAN J. PULICARI 
KENNY L. PYLES 
DANIEL T. QUALK 
MICHAEL J. RACE 
CURTIS L. RADOFF 
AARON D. RAIDT 
ISAAC J. RAMBERG 
ADREAELL T. RAY 
CHRISTIAN T. RAY 
SUSAN M. REDWINE 
WILLIAM C. REED 
STEYER L. REHORN 
ELIJAH L. REVILLA 
CHARLES J. REYES 
CIERRA A. REYNOLDS 
JOSHUA S. REYNOLDS 
THOMAS P. REYNOLDS 
MYEA E. RICE 
PORTER W. RILEY 
TIMOTHY J. ROBERTS 
TREVOR J. ROBERTS 
CORNESHA L. ROBINSON 
SAMUEL E. ROBINSON 
TIARA R. ROBINSON 
ALEX S. RODRIGUEZ 
LEE E. RODRIGUEZ, JR. 
ADAM J. ROHLIK 
AMANDA E. ROLLINSON 
MACKENSON ROMULUS 
JOHN S. ROSSI 
AMBER N. ROUSON 
CHARLES A. ROWELL 
RICKEY B. ROYAL, JR. 
KRISTOFER E. RUMFELT 
MARIA I. RUTHERFORD 
JARED J. RYAN 
ANDREW J. SADOWSKY 
SERGIO A. SALAZARRODRIGUEZ 
GEORGE A. SAWYER 
BENJAMIN A. SCHNEIDER 
ERIC C. SCHOLL 
LINDSAY M. SCHROEDER 
KURTIS H. SCHULDT 
CALEB R. SCHULTZ 
MICHAEL A. SCOTT 
SEAN J. SCREEN 
NATHAN R. SEAMAN 
JOHN A. SERVIDIO 
JACOB E. SETTLE 
TIMOTHY E. SHELBY 
DEREK N. SHELTON 
JONATHAN C. SHELTON 
CASSANDRA E. SHERROD 
ZACHARIAH R. SHUTTE 
DERICK B. SIKES 
JOHN C. SITKO 
AMY J. SMITH 
EDWARD W. SMITH 
GAVEN R. SMITH 
MARIA C. SMITH 
MATTESON J. SMITH 
MATTHEW W. SMITH 
TANISHA L. SMITH 
BRYSON M. SODEN 
ARIANA I. SPANO 
SAVANNAH J. SPENCER 
DANIEL A. STARK 
LATERRIOUS L. STARKS 
CYNTHIA A. STEPHENSON 
MITCHELL L. STEWART 
JOSHUA E. STOKES 
MATTHEW J. STRASSER 
CHARLOTTE R. STUTZ 
MYSTY D. SUDWEEKS 
CORY L. SULLIVAN 
STEVEN SWAFFORD 
JOSEPH H. SWAIN 
DINH B. TAT 
CALVIN W. TAYLOR III 
ZACHARY M. TAYLOR 
DAVID E. TERHUNE 
ALEXANDRA L. TESKEY 
ERIC T. TEVAGA 
GRANTHAM E. THAYER 
BRIAN E. THEBAUD 
JACOB W. THOMAS 
MATTHEW A. THOMAS 
SEAN W. THOMAS 
JUSTIN A. THOMPSON 
MEGAN A. THOMPSON 
JEFFREY R. TIMMICK 
NATHANIEL L. TITUS 
JOHN G. TOMPKINS 
CARLOS A. TORRES 
CAROLINA TORRES 
CHRISTOPHER S. TORRES 
YARITZA E. TORRESMATIAS 
WILLIAM P. TRAEGER 
TARA L. TRAMMELL 
AN V. TRAN 
DIAMOND J. TRIPOLITES 
CAROLINE L. TROHOSKI 
MICHAEL TSHUMA 
MERCIE N. TURNER 
MICAH W. TURNER 
CHASTITY M. TYLER 
BRIAN J. VANBREEMEN 
JACKELINE VELAZQUEZROSARIO 
LAUREN N. VIVERITO 
NATHAN A. VOELKER 
DANIEL R. VOGEL 
KYLE J. WADE 
ZACK F. WAGNER 
JOSEPH P. WAICUNAS 
JUSTIN A. WALDECK 
PHILIP S. WALERKO 
AMANDA L. WALTON 
TIFFANY R. WALTON 
CHRYSTAL Y. WARE 
LUCY E. WARREN 
SAMUEL T. WARREN IV 
YVETTE O. WATSON 
STEVEN G. WAUGH 
GREGORY T. WETMORE 
AMELIA C. WETZEL 
VEJEMETRIC J. WHEELER 
CLARISSA K. WHITE 
JASON E. WHITE 
GEORGE L. WHITFIELD 
STEVEN D. WHITTON 
WILLIAM H. WILCOX 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:27 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00034
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 9801
E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.028
S22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 43-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S785 
February 22, 2021 
JOHN T. WILLIAMS 
JEFFREY T. WILSON 
AUSTIN J. WINKLER 
MICHAEL L. WOODMANSEE 
DAMIEN M. WOODS 
THOMAS J. WOOTEN 
DAVID H. WORSHAM 
ERNESIA D. WRIGHT 
JERMAINE D. WRIGHT 
NICHOLAS C. WYLIE 
THEODORE J. YOST 
DAVID J. ZAPATKA 
RODOLFO A. ZELADA, JR. 
JAMES R. ZIWAK 
D014267 
D015477 
D015265 
D014735 
D015718 
D013373 
D015440 
D015070 
D014388 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE 
ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
IKECHUKWU L. EWEAMA 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY 
NURSE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 
7064: 
To be colonel 
EDWARD F. BURKE 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF 
THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO 
THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY 
UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be colonel 
ROB R. BILLINGS 
PEDRO J. CASIANOMELENDEZ 
BRIAN J. CONVERSE 
DANIEL J. CRAWFORD 
NORRIS D. DARDEN, JR. 
JASON R. EDWARDS 
MICHAEL P. FLAHERTY 
ANNA M. GRACIANSKYLENGYEL 
CRAIG M. HUNTER 
JAMES H. KELLY 
JONATHAN D. LLOYD 
DAVID N. MARTIAN 
JOHN W. MCELVEEN 
JEREMY G. PFEIFER 
STEVEN J. SIEMONSMA 
OVID VILLARREAL, JR. 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY 
UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
STEPHEN F. BARKER 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY 
UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
JAMES ACEVEDO 
LASHELL Y. DAVIS 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY 
VETERINARY CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U. S.C., SECTIONS 
624 AND 7064: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
JOSEPH A. ANDERSON 
SHANE J. ANDREWS 
ERICA K. BARKEI 
JACOB L. BARNOSKI 
SHAWN C. BASINGER 
DESIREE R. BROACH 
DIANE E. COLLETTE 
ROSS A. CONIGLIO 
JASON R. CRAWFORD 
SARAH L. EASTERSTRAYER 
JENNIFER A. EDMUNDSON 
MATTHEW T. FRENCH 
ANGELINA C. GERARDO 
JAROD M. HANSON 
KATHERYN E. HANSON 
DIANA A. HOFFMAN 
RHONDA L. HOLT 
BRYAN D. HUX 
JAMES E. JOHNSON, JR. 
KAMALA J. RAPPSANTOS 
JEAN V. RUBANICK 
JOHN M. WINSTON III 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE 
ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
MICHAEL W. MUNDLE 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE 
ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
DOUGLAS W. HEDRICK 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY 
UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
NICHOLAUS A. ABBOTT 
KELSEY M. ABERT 
MARK A. ACKMAN 
DAVID C. ADAMIC 
BRADEN T. ADAMS 
JONATHAN M. ADAMS 
JOSEPH F. ADAMS V 
BYRON C. ADKINS 
CHAD R. ADKINS 
DERYCK C. ADRIANO 
ANDREW M. AGEE 
JOSHUA D. AHO 
BRANDON G. AIRD 
PATRICK W. ALBERT 
ANDREW R. ALCOCER 
ANGEL ALEGRE 
OMAR M. ALENS 
MATTHEW R. ALEXANDER 
MATTHEW J. ALLEN 
DANIEL S. ALLISON 
JUSTIN E. ALLISON 
DANIEL ALVAREZ 
JOSEPH S. AMATO 
KYLE G. ANDERSON 
VITO J. ANGRISANO 
NIKOLAS G. ANNINOS 
MICHAEL ARCANGELO 
CHARLES A. ARMISTEAD 
ROBERT J. ATWELL 
FELIX J. C. AVELLANA 
JEFFREY S. AYRES 
RANDELL J. BABCOCK 
JOSEPH R. BACA 
PHILIP S. BACK 
LANCE R. BAILEY 
WARD E. BAKER 
ELIJAH B. BALES 
WILLIAM E. BALOGH 
WESTIN R. BARBER 
AARON G. BARNES 
JOSEPH D. BARNES 
NATHAN C. BARNES 
CRAIG R. BARNHILL 
BRANDON L. BATES 
ZACHERY K. BATES 
DANIEL W. BATEY 
ALAN W. BAUERLY 
RICHARD A. BEARD 
JONATHAN W. BEASLEY 
AARON J. BEATTIE 
PATRICK L. BEAUDRY 
DAVID L. BEAVERS 
JONATHAN N. BECK 
WARREN T. BECK 
JOSEPH A. BEDINGFIELD 
LISA M. BELISLE 
DANIEL BENASULY 
CHRISTOPHER A. BENEDICT 
BRANDON J. BENSON 
JEFFREY D. BENTON 
BRIAN P. BIERWIRTH 
TYLER E. BILOHLAVEK 
PAUL T. BINGHAM 
MICHAEL D. BLANCHARD 
ANNE M. BLANK 
LAUREN K. BLANTON 
SHAWN M. BLAYDES 
DANIEL R. BLOOMER 
AARON M. BODINE 
RACHEL C. BOEHME 
NICOLAS R. BOESCHLING 
DAVID P. BOGERT, JR. 
CHRISTOPHER J. BOLGAR 
ARIOL BONASSE 
SEAN E. BONIFACE 
ALEXANDER BOROFF 
JOSEPH A. BOSTICK 
MATTHEW E. BOSWORTH 
STEVEN E. BOVEE 
HILMAN F. BOWDEN III 
MICHAEL A. BOWERS 
NICHOLAS W. BOWERS 
PETER M. BOWLUS 
MATTHEW J. BOYD 
TAYLOR S. BOYD 
HERBERT L. BRADSHAW 
JASON W. BREDLAU 
DANIEL R. BRENNAN 
TIMOTHY BRENNAN 
CHARLES W. BREWER 
RYAN M. BROD 
NICHOLAS J. BROERS 
MONRIQUE S. BROOKS 
CHRISTOPHER R. BROWN 
KENTON L. BROWN 
LAWRENCE W. BROWN II 
MATHEW S. BROWN 
PHILLIP G. BROWN 
CHARLES R. BRUCE 
TYLER R. BRYANT 
SEAN H. BUCHANAN 
BRYAN T. BUSER 
JONATHAN D. BUSTIN 
DUSTIN M. BUTLER 
SEAN P. BUTLER 
RYAN J. BYARS 
MICHAEL J. CADDIGAN 
ERIC E. CALDWELL 
SAMUEL R. CALVERT 
BRADLEY E. CAMPBELL 
STEVEN A. CANJURA 
ERIC L. CANNON 
CHARLES N. CANNONE 
ROBERT J. CARACCILO 
AUSTIN E. CAROE 
BRETT A. CARTER 
JESSE T. CARTER 
ADAM V. CARTIER 
MICHAEL P. CAVALIER 
ARMANDO R. CERVANTES 
ALEX J. CHAFFEE 
DREW E. CHAPMAN 
AARON B. CHEYNE 
WON CHOI 
DANIEL J. CHONG 
JULIAN A. CHRISTE 
MARC E. CHUA 
JEREMY G. CHUIDIAN 
BRENTON J. CLARK 
KARYN M. CLARK 
KASANDRA A. CLARK 
PHILLIP B. CLARK 
TIMOTHY S. CLARK 
TYLER P. CLAUS 
CURTIS W. CLERKLEY 
KYLE R. COBB 
MATTHEW A. COCCIA 
JAMES M. COLE 
DUSTIN R. COLEGATE 
ERIC K. COLLETT 
DANIEL T. COLLIER 
RANDALL R. COMBS 
BRIAN C. CONNOLLY 
JOHN D. CONRAD 
MEGAN C. CONROY 
DAVID J. COOK 
ERNEST W. COOLER 
MICHAEL A. COONEY 
JEANPIERRE R. COOPER 
CHRISTOPHER E. COX 
DAVID A. COX 
VICTORIA R. CREASY 
AARON J. CREGAR 
RYAN M. CRIDER 
TERRENCE CRIMIEL 
DALLAS W. CRITCHFIELD 
RUTH G. CRONK 
NATHANIEL H. CRUIKSHANK 
MEGAN A. CRUZ 
ISAAC N. CRYDER 
CHRISTOPHER J. CUMMINGS 
MATTHEW P. CUNHA 
DANIEL P. CUNNINGHAM 
GALEN H. DAHL 
MICHAEL B. DARDEN 
PAUL A. DASILVA 
JESSE P. DAVID 
KEITH E. DAVIES 
CODY M. DAVIS 
MATTHEW J. DAVIS 
EVAN S. DAWSON 
ERIC L. DEAL 
MACKENZIE D. DEAL 
WADE A. DEAL 
TIMOTHY J. DEAN, JR. 
WILLIAM S. DECLUE 
CHAZ M. DEERING 
SAMUEL H. DEJARNETT 
THEODORE M. DELEEUW 
BRANDON L. DELLINGER 
ANTHONY N. DELVECCHIO 
ANDREW G. DEMOSS 
HENRY A. DEMOTT 
MATTHEW R. DESCHENES 
JOSEPH E. DIAL 
JOSEPH S. DIBERARDINIS 
BRETT A. DIEHL 
MICHAEL E. DILLEHAY 
DANIEL K. DILLENBACK 
LEVI W. DILLON 
JASON A. DINGBAUM 
BRANDON A. DINGER 
DANIEL D. DIPZINSKI, JR. 
KYLE P. DITONTO 
MATTHEW P. DIXON 
KEVIN M. DOBBYN 
KAREEM N. DOCKERY 
KEVIN J. DOHERTY, JR. 
JOHN K. DONAHO 
SHAWN P. DORMAN 
CLAYTON J. DOWD 
JEFFREY D. DRUMM 
MICHAEL P. DUFFY 
ZACHARY T. DUGGER 
BRYAN D. DUKE 
MICHAEL R. DUNCAN 
AARON C. DUNN 
MICHAEL F. DUNN 
TAYLOR J. DURLING 
TIMOTHY J. DWYER 
MICHAEL T. EADS 
MACKENZIE P. EASON 
MARC H. EDGELL 
CALEB J. EDWARDS 
RONALD J. EDWARDS 
SAMUEL D. EDWARDS 
ELLA V. ELLIS 
RYAN C. ELLIS 
SCHUYLER G. EMERYMUNN 
JESSICA A. L. ENGEL 
PAUL D. ERICKSON 
ROY H. ERICKSON III 
RICHARD A. ERIKSSON 
MARTHA D. ESTEBAN 
MICHAEL D. FAHLMANN 
ANDREW L. FALKENSTINE 
BRIAN A. FALOONA 
BRETT W. FAREWELL 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:27 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00035
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 9801
E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.032
S22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 44-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S786 
February 22, 2021 
COLIN J. FARMER 
KRISTOPHER L. FARRAR 
JAMES T. FARRELL 
DANIEL P. FAUGHNAN 
MATTHEW W. FAULKNER 
VERNON M. FERGIE 
MATTHEW C. FERLITSCH 
BRIAN D. FIALLO 
ALISTAIR O. FIDER 
CARSON R. FILIPOWSKI 
TIMOTHY J. FISCHER 
TIMOTHY D. FLAGG 
BENJAMIN A. FLANICK 
MELVIN T. FLINTROY III 
ALEJANDRO D. FLORES 
CHLOE M. FLORES 
BRIAN P. FOCARETO 
KELLI P. FOLEY 
MICHAEL J. FOLEY 
PATRICK M. FOLEY 
LUCAS D. FORDHAM 
JEREMY A. FORMAN 
SCOTT B. FORSYTHE 
BRENDAN M. FOX 
SHAWN A. FOX 
CHARLES P. FOY 
KEENAN M. FRANKLIN 
JEFFREY M. FRANTZ 
BRITTANY J. FRASER 
NATHAN K. FREEMAN 
JOHN A. FRIDLINGTON 
ZACKARY M. FROELICH 
TRAVIS L. FUGATE 
ALLEN M. FUJINAKA 
CHARLES A. FULTON 
MICHAEL J. GABBARD 
AARON D. GABOURY 
MARK S. GADELL 
GREGORY T. GAINES 
KOREY H. GAINES 
CHRISTOPHER L. GAMBLE 
RICHARD L. GARCIA 
SAMUEL D. GARDIPEE 
ANNA H. GARDNER 
FRANCIS P. GARGIN 
DAVID M. GAYNOR 
SCOTT T. GEERS 
NATHAN P. GEERTS 
RYAN A. GEORGE 
ALLEN M. GERVACIO, JR. 
JACOB M. GIARDINI 
NOAH J. GIBSON 
MATTHEW D. GILBERT 
KAELIN B. GILCREST 
WILLIAM K. GILKISON 
JONATHAN B. GIPSON 
PATRICK R. GLAZEBROOK 
ROBERTO E. GONZALEZANDINO 
JOEL R. GONZALEZRAMIREZ 
MARK R. GORGOGLIONE 
MATTHEW W. GRAHAM 
ARRIO D. GRANUM 
ALEX H. GRAVES 
CHARLES H. GRAY 
KRISTEN M. GRIEST 
AUDREY S. GRIFFITH 
LOUIS P. GRIFFITH 
STEFAN W. GRIFFITH 
JOSEF S. GROHOSKI 
THOMAS B. GROOM 
EMORY L. GROVENSTEIN 
JARED M. GRUBBS 
EHREN M. GRUBER 
NICOLAS A. GRUNING 
KRISTINA N. GSCHEIDLE 
ANDREW S. GUGLIELMO 
HEATH A. GUIDRY 
YEVGEN GUTMAN 
MICHAEL T. HAFEN 
PATRICK N. HAGEN 
ETHAN C. HAGER 
STEVEN J. HALEY 
ANDREW HAMMACK 
JOHN E. HAMPEY 
JARED M. HAMPSON 
SPENCER K. HAMPTON 
JONATHAN O. HANGE 
DANIEL C. HANKS 
DAVID H. HANSEN 
STEVEN D. HANSEN 
JAMES E. HARDEN 
KYLE J. HARNITCHEK 
PETER L. HARRIS 
SCOTT A. HASENPFLUG 
KYLE L. HATCH 
ARAM M. HATFIELD 
JOHN A. HAYNES 
MICHAEL E. HAYNES 
ZACHARY S. HAYNES 
PHILIP J. HAYWARD 
RHYS A. HEARN 
LINDSAY G. HEISLER 
ZACHARY P. HENKE 
JOSHUA L. HENRY 
ROBERT M. HERB 
JESSE T. HERNANDEZ 
MATTHEW R. HERNANDEZ 
JAMES T. HESS 
ANSIL R. HETHCOX 
TRUETT B. HICKAM 
JUSTIN M. HILDERBRAND 
ADRIAN S. HILL 
CODY A. HILL 
BRIAN R. HOETTE 
DAVID K. HOLCK 
TRAVIS B. HOLLAND 
REUBEN M. HOLLINS 
BRETT A. HOLTZMAN 
CARSON K. HOMME 
JEONG H. HONG 
KYLE R. HOPKINS 
WILLIAM H. HORNE IV 
OCTAVE A. HOUDEGBE 
CHARLES M. HOUK 
STEVEN W. HOVDESVEN 
DANIEL W. HUBERT 
PETER E. HUDELSON 
JESSICA L. HUGGINS 
JONATHAN P. HUGHES 
ROBERT A. HUMPHREY 
DERRICK D. HUNTER 
STEWART J. HUNTOON 
MARIAH HUSHEENA 
ROSS W. HUSSMANN 
LACIE R. HUTCHINS 
JOSHUA K. HUTCHISON 
TIMOTHY A. HYBART 
BENJAMIN W. INGELL 
MATTHEW S. INGERSON 
CODY J. INMAN 
MELISSA A. IVANCO 
CLAYTON D. IVEY 
BRENDEN P. JACKMAN 
BENJAMIN E. JACKSON 
CHRISTOPHER R. JACOBS 
ALA JAMAL 
JARRYL A. JENKINS 
JOSEPH L. JENKINS 
KELLEY Y. JHONG 
JORGE A. JIMENEZ 
BENJAMIN J. JOHNSON 
BRIAN L. JOHNSON 
BRIAN M. JOHNSON 
DARREN L. JOHNSON 
DAVID R. JOHNSON 
JASON T. JOHNSON 
KEITH J. JOHNSON 
KIEL A. JOHNSON 
MICHAEL A. JOHNSON 
NOLAN J. JOHNSON 
TERRY A. JOHNSON 
BENJAMIN M. JONES 
BRANDON S. JONES 
CHARLES E. JONES 
CURTIS D. JONES 
LEE H. JONES 
ROBERT E. JONES 
TARA L. JONES 
ANDREW K. JORDAN 
MITCHELL J. JORDAN 
SHANE R. JOYCE 
GLENN A. KASPER, JR. 
PETER M. KAVANAGH 
JONATHAN C. KELLEY 
PATRICK R. KELLY 
RYAN A. KELTON 
THOMAS P. KENDALL 
ALEXANDER R. KENNA 
CLINTON F. KESSEL 
THOMAS J. KESSLER 
CHRISTOPHER C. KIESCHNIK 
ANDREW T. KILCER 
CHASE E. KILFOYLE 
JI H. KIM 
MATTHEW C. KIM 
MICHAEL H. KIM 
JEREMY D. KINDER 
HALEIGH T. KIRCHENHEITER 
RYAN J. KIRKEBY 
DEVIN L. KIRKWOOD 
JEREMY M. KLINE 
JOSHUA D. KNIGHT 
MICHAEL P. KNOWLES 
ANDREW W. KOHLSDORF 
CODY T. KOPOWSKI 
AARON M. KORMAN 
JOSHUA D. KORNMANN 
SAMUEL B. KOROM 
GABRIEL I. KOSHINSKY 
ELIA V. KOSITZ 
DARRYL W. KOTHMANN 
ZACHARY J. KOZIMOR 
LINDSEY M. KOZUCH 
JAMES G. KRATOVIL 
THOMAS D. KRAUS 
JOSEPH E. KREBSBACH 
MATTHEW B. KREMBEL 
DANIEL G. KRONZ 
ROBERT H. KRUEGER 
SAMUEL J. KUENKER 
KELSEY A. KURTZ 
DAVID P. LABADORF 
JONATHAN M. LAGOY 
WILLIAM L. LAMB 
JOSEPH B. LAMBERT 
CHRISTIE M. LAMOND 
JOHNATHAN N. LANAHAN 
GLEN W. LANDEEN 
JASON R. LANDIS 
MICHAEL J. LANGLOIS 
BRUCE A. LARGE 
ADAM N. LARSON 
TAYLOR J. LAU 
BRANDON B. LAWRENCE 
DUSTIN E. LAWRENCE 
MANUEL A. LEDEZMAVERA 
DANIEL LEE 
JIHYE LEE 
PATRICK G. LEE 
JOSHUA D. LEGARE 
GEORGE M. LEMEUR 
JESSE P. LEMONS 
NICHOLAS J. LEMZA 
STEPHEN A. LEVERKUHN 
JEREMY D. LEWIS 
ERIC B. LICHTENBERG 
CHRISTOPHER W. LIGGETT 
CHRISTOPHER P. LILLY 
CALEB LIN 
ANDREW J. LINSENMEIER 
JOHN T. LOGAN III 
AARON C. LONG 
PHILIP H. LORD, JR. 
JOSEPH R. LOVE 
ETHAN M. LUCE 
SAMUEL M. LUKE 
NICHOLAS W. LUND 
JONATHAN M. LUNDE 
ELLERY K. LUNGMUS 
RILEY LYNCH 
TYGER T. LYONS 
JACOB S. MABRY 
SEAN T. MADDEN 
LINDSEY M. MADERO 
JOHN A. MAHOOD 
TIMOTHY J. MAKI 
ANTHONY T. MALDONADO 
ANTHONY W. MAMUNES 
GALEN T. MANDES 
MATTHEW S. MANKA 
DAVID S. MARCUS 
SEAN G. MARQUIS 
JOSHUA J. MARSHALL 
DAVID M. MARTIN 
JORDAN L. MARTIN 
NOLAN A. MARTIN 
RYAN C. MARTIN 
WM B. MARTIN 
ASHLEY I. MARTINEZ 
EDWIN M. MARTINEZ 
JUSTIN M. MARTINI 
BRANDON J. MASTRINE 
DOMINIC J. MASUDA 
CHARLES O. MATTHEWS 
ANDREW J. MATWIJEC 
CHAD R. MAULSBY 
ANDREW S. MAXWELL 
VICTORIA A. MBACHU 
IAN Q. MCBRIDE 
CRYSTAL J. MCCALLUM 
MICHAEL J. MCCANNEY 
JAMES R. MCCARTHY 
AARON P. MCCONNELL 
ANDREW P. MCCORNACK 
JOSIAH D. MCCOY 
MICHAEL T. MCCULLOUGH 
RYAN P. MCCULLOUGH 
TODD C. MCDANIEL 
MITCHELL D. MCDONALD 
ANTHONY L. MCGUIRE, JR. 
MATTHEW S. MCGUIRE 
SAMANTHA N. MCGUIRE 
TYLER P. MCGUIRE 
BRENDAN P. MCKNIGHT 
MICHAEL A. MCMANUS 
JOCELYN P. MCNAIR 
JAY C. MCWILLIAMS 
JOSEPH M. J. MCWILLIAMS 
SEAN M. MEADE 
PATRICK R. MEALY 
JARED A. MELENDEZ 
TROY N. MERKLE 
PAUL T. MERKLINGER 
THOMAS J. MEYER 
TROY D. MEYERS 
TARA L. R. MIDDLEBROOKS 
JASON R. MILES 
ALEX J. MILESHKO 
ASHLEY G. MILLER 
DANIEL C. MILLER 
RICHARD A. MILLER 
DANIEL E. MILLICAN 
CHARLES T. MIMS 
JORGE MINGUELAMATOS 
GREGORY K. MINOR, JR. 
EVAN A. MISTR 
CHARLES P. MITCHELL 
FREDERICK J. MITCHELL 
MATTHEW J. MITCHELL 
JONATHAN E. MOLE 
PHILLIP R. MOLL 
GLEN M. MOMMSEN 
WESLEY F. MONACO 
KEVIN M. MONAHAN 
JHEANIELL D. MONCRIEFFE 
GARREN A. MONTES 
SARA M. MOODT 
ANDREW J. MOON 
AUSTIN T. MOORE 
GUICE R. MOORE 
TIMOTHY M. MOORE 
MELISSA A. MOOREHOUSE 
WESLEY R. MOOSMAN 
JOHN M. MORIARITY 
VLADIMIR MOROZOV 
JAMES W. MORRIS 
ERIC S. MORSKI 
BRIAN A. MOSCICKI 
JONATHAN M. MOSS 
REYN H. MOSSMAN 
KATRINA I. MUCHMORE 
BRETT T. MUELLER 
CORT A. MUKINA 
PATRICK M. MULHOLLAND 
REINALDO MUNOZPAGAN 
CLINT J. MUNSON 
BENJAMIN J. MURRAY 
MICHAEL D. MURRAY 
JAIRUS R. MURTON 
CAROLINE S. MYERS 
REMINGTON L. MYHRE 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:27 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00036
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 9801
E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.035
S22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 45-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S787 
February 22, 2021 
FRANCK A. NAGO 
PAUL J. NAJARIAN 
TOBY D. NEAL 
PATRICK L. B. NEKY 
KENDAL A. NELSONEDWARDS 
WILLIAM F. NELTNER 
TIMOTHY J. NEWLIN 
RICHARD P. NEWTON 
LINH P. NGO 
PATRICK P. NGUYEN 
MATTHEW T. NICHOLS 
PETER E. NICKOLOFF 
MICHAEL R. NILSEN 
DAVID J. NIXON 
ROSS P. NOLAN 
LANDY R. NOLAND, JR. 
RANDALL G. NORDLUND 
PATRICK A. NORTHAM 
MARTIN E. NOSENCHUK 
CHRISTOPHER R. OBRIEN 
IMAD S. ODEH 
ANDREW L. OGLE 
SEAN D. OKEEFFE 
JAMALDEEN O. OLATUNDE 
CHASE E. OLSON 
THOMAS J. OMALLEY III 
CODY M. OMILUSIK 
CHRISTOPHER M. ONO 
SCOTT L. OPLINGER 
RYAN J. ORSINI 
ERIK M. ORTIZ 
DANIEL A. OSBORN 
MARK F. OWENS 
RYAN M. PACIFIC 
NALINI Y. PAGE 
ANTONY J. PALOCAREN 
STEPHEN J. PANIATI 
SHAWN E. PAPADINEC 
ANTHONY L. PAPPAS 
MICHAEL T. PARK 
PAUL B. PARK 
GLORIA A. PATEL 
PAUL E. PATINO 
HEATH A. PATRICK 
HEIDI N. PATRICK 
LAMARKE A. PATTERSON 
MARK A. PATTON 
AUGUSTIN D. PAULO 
KEVIN A. PAVNICA 
ANTHONEY D. PAXTON 
JAMES A. PAYNE 
BRAD C. PEARSON 
JORDAN M. PECK 
THOMAS E. PELL 
CHAD E. PENNINGTON 
TODD J. PEPINO 
JOSEPH C. PEREZ 
RYAN PERRUQUET 
STEPHEN M. PERRY 
JONATHAN R. PETERSON 
ZACHARY I. PETERSON 
THOMAS J. PETULLO 
CHARLES L. PHELPS 
CHRISTOPHER L. PIERSON 
HANY PIETRO 
JOSHUA S. PITCHER 
FRANCIS M. PORCASE 
KENNETH E. POTTER 
TREVOR D. POWERS 
ALEJANDRO E. PRADO 
BRADLEY D. PRASKACH 
TRAVIS M. PRENDERGAST 
WILLEM J. PRETORIUS 
SCOTT W. PUHSE 
ALEXANDER Z. PYTLAR 
MICHAEL R. RAMOS 
JUSTIN R. RAPP 
GERALD W. RATCHFORD 
JAMES M. RAUB 
KARL D. RAUCH 
SCOTT J. RAYBURN 
CLINTON T. RAYMOND 
JACOB D. REDDINGTON 
WADE M. REDENIUS 
GRANT J. REDMOND 
THOMAS L. REDMOND 
DOROTHY M. REID 
PETER F. REIDER 
RAYNE L. REIDER 
CALEB M. REILLY 
COREY J. REISER 
JONATHAN E. REISHER 
NICHOLAS A. REISWEBER 
MARADEL R. REYNESDANGCALAN 
COLIN J. REYNOLDS 
JEREMY J. REYNOLDS 
SCOTT M. RIEGEL 
MATHEW W. RIGDON 
MICHAEL J. RINCON 
MICHAEL C. RISSBERGER 
MATTHEW J. RIVAS 
PHILIP W. ROBBINS 
ADAM C. ROBERTS 
CHARLES E. ROBERTS 
COBY F. ROBERTS 
DAINESE E. ROBERTS 
SPENCER R. ROBERTS 
SAMUEL M. ROBERTSON 
TIMOTHY W. ROBINSON 
MANUEL D. ROBLES 
MATTHEW E. ROCHFORD 
MICHAEL A. ROCHFORD 
VICTOR A. RODRIGUEZ 
ZACHARY R. ROEN 
RICARDO E. ROJAS 
MATTHEW J. ROMERO 
MARC C. ROSE 
HEATH C. ROSENDALE 
CHRISTOPHER A. ROSS 
DAVID W. ROSSIGNOL 
GEORGE T. ROUSON 
WILLIAM M. ROWCLIFFE 
MATTHEW D. ROWELL 
MICHAEL S. ROWEN 
CHARLES G. RUGG 
JEFFREY R. RUSSELL 
RAGAN T. RUTHERFORD 
MATTHEW A. RYAN 
ROBERT D. RYAN III 
GLENN W. RYMAN 
TODD SACKEWITZ 
ANDREW D. SAKMAR 
WAYNE R. SALAZAR 
CHARLES R. SAMPLE 
JAMES K. SANDIFER 
CARL C. SANFORD 
ANTHONY R. SAVICKI 
ALEX J. SAYRE 
GREGORY B. SCHEFFLER 
MATTHEW W. SCHENAKER 
MICHAEL T. SCHOENBECK 
JAMES P. SCHUMACHER 
JORDAN M. SCHUMACHER 
ANDREW J. SCOTT 
STEPHEN L. SCOTT 
TRAVIS W. SCOTT 
MARK T. SEIMETZ II 
BRIAN R. SELLS 
COLIN A. SEXTON 
JANIS M. SHANNON 
JONATHAN E. SHAW 
OLEG Y. SHEYNFELD 
LAMAR J. SHIELDS 
KIRK M. SHOEMAKER 
BRANDON J. SHORTER 
JUSTIN M. SIMMONS 
JOSEPH A. SIMON 
RAHUL K. SINGH 
SCOTT M. SIPPEL 
JOHN E. SKELLY 
TIMOTHY L. SKINNER 
BRIAN M. SLAMKOWSKI 
ALEXANDER M. SMITH 
ANGELA K. SMITH 
BRIAN R. SMITH 
CHARLES L. SMITH 
CHRISTOPHER T. SMITH 
GEORGE E. SMITH 
JOSEPH M. SMITH 
JUSTIN C. SMITH 
JUSTIN R. SMITH 
KENNETH R. SMITH 
KIMBERLY A. SMITH 
MARIE R. SMITH 
PATRICK A. SMITH 
SHANE K. SMITH 
BENJAMIN D. SNIDER 
DANIEL D. SNOW 
AUSTIN J. SNYDER 
TRAVIS L. SORENSEN 
COLBY C. SORTEVIK 
TRAVIS L. SOWDERS 
TREVOR J. SPARKES 
NICHOLAS B. SPAULDING 
BENJAMIN T. SPECKHART 
CHARLES R. SPENCER II 
JOSIAH D. SPINELLI 
CHRISTOPHER M. SPRACKLEN 
LARA E. STACK 
JOSHUA D. STANDIFER 
DENNIS L. STANFORD 
THOMAS M. STANLEY 
JOHN D. STEGER 
MATTHEW P. STEIN 
CASSANDRA M. STEINER 
RICHARD N. STEINOUER 
JAMES J. STEVENSON 
MICAH C. STEVENSON 
MICHAEL J. STEWART 
JOSHUA A. STJOHN 
WARREN P. STOCKARD 
WALLACE M. STROMBERG 
JOHNNY L. SURLES 
STEVEN M. SWALEH 
JAYSON E. SZORADY 
FRANK B. TAYLOR 
MATTHEW R. TAYLOR 
CESAR M. TELLES 
GILBERTO M. TELLEZ 
PATRICK G. TEMPERATO 
JAMES B. TENNEY 
JAMES A. TESKEY 
MATTHEW J. TETREAU 
RONY V. THAKKAR 
JOHN B. THIBAULT 
MATTHEW S. THIMBLE 
CHARLES E. THOMAS 
RANDALL D. THOMAS 
JON G. THOMPSON 
STEIN P. THORBECK 
EMMA F. THURMOND 
SIEGFRIED J. TIEGS 
KARL J. TIEMANN 
RYAN C. TIMMONS 
BRETT L. TINDER 
JONATHAN S. TISHMAN 
JEAN P. TOMTE 
CALVIN L. TORBERT 
STEPHANIE L. TORREALBA 
ALEXIS TORRESANTIAGO 
MICHAEL K. TOVO 
STEPHAN V. TOWNES 
STEPHEN M. TOWNSEND 
ANDREW O. TOYO 
JOSH E. TRENKEL 
COTY R. TRIVELLIN 
JONATHAN R. TUCKER 
CASEY A. TUGGLE 
ALEX K. TURPIN 
KYLE R. TUTTLE 
ANDREW J. UHORCHAK 
BEN O. UNDERWOOD 
JOHN R. VALENTA 
TRAVIS M. VALLEY 
JOSEPH M. VANDEUSEN 
MATTHEW A. VANDYCK 
JOHN G. VANHOY IV 
GEOFFREY B. VANTINE 
NICOLAS A. VASQUEZ 
ANTONIO H. VAZQUEZ 
CARLOS A. VELEZRODRIGUEZ 
CLAUDIA D. VERDANT 
JOHN A. VETTER 
JAMES M. VIDAL 
DAVID VIDALES 
LEONARDO VILLALOBOS 
BRET A. VOIGT 
KYLE A. VOLLE 
STEPHEN N. VORIES 
THOMAS T. VU 
JOSHUA L. WACLAWSKI 
JOSHUA J. WADDELL 
DANIEL J. WALKER 
BRIAN J. WALSH 
MARK T. WALTERS 
MARK J. WANAMAKER 
RYAN J. WARD 
THOMAS J. WARE 
OMAR WASHINGTON 
JONATHON M. WATERS 
JAMES I. WATSON 
PATRICK B. WATTS 
DAVID A. WEIR 
BRYAN J. WELCH 
MENDE J. WENTZEL 
KOREY S. WESSEL 
ZACHARY E. WEST 
FRANKLIN B. WESTBROOK 
FRANK M. WHEELER 
JAMES L. WHEELER 
SHARON L. WHEELOCK 
GUY B. WHITE 
JOHN S. WHITE 
MAURICE A. WHITE 
MCKINLEY D. WHITE 
WILLIAM H. WHITE III 
WILLIAM C. WHITFIELD 
JAMES D. WHITLER 
NOEL S. WHITTEN 
WILLIAM D. WHITTEN 
ZACHARY T. WIELEPSKI 
KENNETH P. WIGBOLDY 
TRENTON B. WIGGINS 
BRET C. WILBANKS 
ROGER M. WILLETT 
JEREMY M. WILLIAMS 
KEDRA D. WILLIAMS 
REGINALD J. WILLIAMS 
ANTHONY L. WILSON 
LANSING R. WILSON 
SAMUEL P. WINSTEAD 
DANIEL E. WITTEN 
STEPHEN M. WOLDRIDGE 
FREDERICK C. WOLF 
PATRICK R. WOLFF 
STEVEN S. WOMOCHEL 
ERIC J. WONG 
THOMAS S. WONG 
CALEB M. WOOD 
TERRY D. WOOLERY, JR. 
JOSHUA M. WOOLEY 
CHRISTOPHER S. WOOTEN 
NICHOLAS A. WRIGHT 
ROBERT J. WRIGHT 
SHANE M. WRIGHT 
JAMESON R. WUNSCH 
NICHOLAS D. YAGER 
GEORGE C. YANCEY 
DUSTIN M. YATES 
CASPAR C. YI 
SAM M. YOO 
EDMUND J. YOON 
RICHARD D. YOUNG 
STEVEN M. YOUNG 
DANIEL S. YU 
TRAVIS M. ZAHNOW 
AARON A. ZAKARISON 
RANDALL J. ZAMORA 
DAVID R. ZIEGELHOFER 
LUCAS M. ZILLER 
DEVAN J. ZIMMERMAN 
D015871 
D015758 
D015812 
D015896 
D015879 
D015798 
D015497 
D015143 
D015393 
D015902 
D015207 
IN THE NAVY 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY 
UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
RODNEY A. NOAH 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:27 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00037
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 9801
E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.038
S22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 46-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S788 
February 22, 2021 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY 
UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be captain 
JONATHAN S. CHANNELL 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY 
UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
HASSAN A. BROWN 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY 
UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
JAMES G. O’LOUGHLIN 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY 
RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
ZACHARY P. RUTHVEN 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY 
UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
DONALD G. BARNETT 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR TEMPORARY 
APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADES INDICATED IN THE 
UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 
605: 
To be captain 
PHILIP P. CASTELLANO 
MICHAEL R. DOLBEC 
PETER D. FRENCH 
GEORGE A. HOWELL 
STEVEN C. LAWRENCE 
SHAUN T. LIEB 
CHARLES C. LITTON 
ROBERT J. WHEAT 
WILLIAM H. WILEY 
To be commander 
JESSE P. ALVAREZ 
PHILLIP E. DAVIS 
MATTHEW E. FAULKENBERRY 
OMAR A. GARCIA 
ERIK D. GARDNER 
TOWNEY G. KENNARD III 
RYAN D. MCGINN 
RYAN Q. MILLER 
ROBERT SZELIGOWSKI 
To be lieutenant commander 
RYAN W. BENROTH 
DANIEL P. BERGEN II 
ANDREW J. BRINK 
BRENDAN M. B. CELIZ 
TED A. COLLETTE 
THEODORE W. CONNOLLY 
MICHAEL G. COX 
ARMANDO R. CUAJUNCO 
DUSTIN J. DAVIS 
DANIEL P. DETOMA 
ISAAC T. ECKERS 
ERIN M. FORD 
JOSHUA D. GASTON 
JAMES D. GIESEMANN 
BRENDAN P. HANLON 
RYAN M. HAUBENSTEIN 
HEATH L. HENEVELD 
GREGORY C. HILBERT 
THADDEUS M. HOKULA 
RICHARD K. HORTON, JR. 
MICHAEL S. JOHNSON 
JEREMY D. JONES 
MAXWELL L. KOENIG 
MICHAEL P. MAYNARD 
KEEGAN D. MCALLISTER 
JACOB I. MCDANIEL 
BRANDON S. MCDOWALL 
JASON S. MCLAUGHLIN 
DANIEL N. MEYERS 
MICHAEL F. NIELSON 
CHRISTOPHER K. PRICE 
DAVID L. RATLIFF, JR. 
JOHN P. RENNINGER 
BRIAN A. ROOFNER 
ALEX M. ROSE 
SEAMUS A. SIEFRING 
DERRICK C. SIMONS 
WILLIAM P. SPENCER 
BRANDEN G. TATASCIORE 
ALEXANDER R. TEATOR 
NATHAN J. THIEM 
DARREL L. THOMASSON 
KEVIN D. TOUW 
JOHNATHAN D. WARGI 
ANDREA L. WEISS 
JOAQUIN J. WELDON 
GRAHAM J. WILL 
WILLIAM M. WININGER 
GREGORY J. YAMAMOTO 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED INDIVIDUAL FOR APPOINT-
MENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR NAVY 
UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant commander 
PETER MINH V. NGUYEN 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY 
UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be captain 
TROY T. TARTAGLIA 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY 
UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be captain 
ROBERT W. MCFARLIN IV 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY 
UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be captain 
MICHAEL G. MORTENSEN 
IN THE MARINE CORPS 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES MA-
RINE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
JONATHON T. FRERICHS 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES MA-
RINE CORPS RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 
12203: 
To be colonel 
WILLIAM S. CHAIRSELL III 
GEORGE D. KINTER 
JESSICA M. OWENS 
RICHARD W. WILSON 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES MA-
RINE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
ARTEM S. AGOULNIK 
ERIC D. ALBRIGHT 
JACOB C. ALDEAN 
MATTHEW S. ALLEN 
JAYME M. ARENAS 
JAMES R. ARMSTRONG 
JAMES R. ARNOLD 
MATTHEW R. ASHTON 
JESSE T. ATTIG 
BRIAN M. BAGLEY 
CHARLIE S. BAHK 
COLTER J. BAHLAU 
MATTHEW D. BAILEY 
DAVID B. BAIN 
RYAN M. BAKER 
LUKE I. BALTHAZAR 
ROBERT D. BARBAREE III 
JEFFREY J. BARNES 
ANDREW M. BAXTER 
MARTIN R. BEBELL 
RYAN E. BENES 
SCOTTY E. BLACK 
PATRICK E. BLANKENSHIP 
BRIAN T. BLOCK 
GEOFFREY T. BLUMENFELD 
TODD B. BOESE II 
REBECCA A. BOLZ 
CHAD E. BONECUTTER 
JOHNATHAN M. BOUCEK 
RALIA R. BOUSKA 
DANIEL E. BOWRING 
JOHN F. BOYER 
EVAN F. BRADLEY 
EDWARD C. BROWN 
MICHAEL R. BROWN 
TYLER G. BRUMMOND 
CHAD A. BUCKEL 
BRADLEY N. BUICK 
JAMES A. BURKART 
DAVID C. BURTON 
SETH D. BYRUM 
CHRISTOPHER K. CALDWELL 
DAVID M. CAMPBELL 
HARLYE S. CARLTON 
JUSTIN R. CARRELL 
JEREMY L. CARROLL 
MATTHEW G. CARTER 
BRIAN M. CARTHON 
CHAD D. CASSADY 
JASON R. CASTER 
BLAIR T. CELLON 
ANTHONY J. CESARO 
RHETT W. CHRISTENSEN 
JACOB A. CLAYTON 
PAUL B. CLIFFORD II 
BRETT C. COLLINS 
GREGORY L. COLLINS 
PETER C. COMBE II 
JOSEPH COMMON 
PETER J. COOMBE, JR. 
JUSTIN M. COONS 
PAUL C. CORDES 
JAMES M. COVEY, JR. 
THOMAS A. COYLE 
ROBERT P. CRONIN 
MIGUEL A. CRUZ 
SARAH R. CULBERTSON 
COLIN J. CULKIN 
EMILY J. CULVER 
JEFFREY A. CUMMINGS 
THOMAS P. CUNNINGHAM 
GREGG F. CURLEY 
DOMINIC J. DALY 
JOSEPH P. DAVIDOSKI 
JEFFREY C. DAVIS 
NOLAN G. DEAN 
JAMES E. DEE 
MATTHEW D. DEFFENBAUGH 
FREDERICK J. DELLAGALA, JR. 
ANTHONY J. DEVUONO 
WALTER R. DICKSON 
MATTHEW P. DINEEN 
JAY P. DODGE 
MICHAEL R. DONLIN 
JOHN M. DOVE 
ADAM W. DREXLER 
ERIC A. DUCHENE 
KELSEY L. DUCKWORTH 
ROBERT M. DUGAN 
IAN G. DUNLAP 
ROBERT E. DUSH 
ERIC S. DWYER 
CALEB D. EAMES 
JONATHAN R. ELLIOTT 
BUDDY J. ELLIS 
ZACHARY N. EMBERS 
GEOFFREY S. ENGLUND 
JEFFREY M. ERB 
MATTHEW T. ESPOSITO 
MICHAEL R. EUBANKS 
ADRIAN R. EVANGELISTA 
ALBERT L. EVANS III 
DAVINA C. EVANS 
BRIAN T. EVERETT 
CHRISTIE R. EVERETT 
TIMOTHY J. FENTON 
CHRISTOPHER M. FERGUSON 
MICHAEL P. FISHER 
PHILIP O. FLAMBERT 
RUSSELL L. FLUKER 
ROBIN J. FONSECA 
MICHAEL J. FORSTER 
ADAM E. FOUSHEE 
NICHOLAS J. FREEMAN 
MATTHEW C. FRICK 
GERRID M. GALL 
ROSS A. GARNETT 
GEORGE E. GETMAN, JR. 
PATRICK J. GIBSON 
BRIAN J. GILBERT 
RACHEL A. GONZALES 
JOSEPH E. GOODRICH 
ARTHUR L. GRAHAM III 
JACOB O. GRAY 
SAMUEL P. GRAY 
ANDREW B. GREER 
NICHOLAS S. GREGSON 
NATHANIEL D. GRIGGS 
FELIX GUERRA III 
PHILLIP L. GUILLORY II 
NATHAN J. GULOSH 
STEVEN R. HAACK 
PETER L. HACKETT 
MICHAEL S. HAGER 
CLINTON K. HALL 
BENJAMIN J. HAND 
ANDREW S. HARKINS 
NATHAN M. HARVEY 
DALLAS J. HAYES 
COREY S. HEALEY 
KARIN R. HECOX 
NICHOLAS S. HENRY 
PETER J. HERSEY 
ANDREW C. HIETPAS 
KERRY A. HOGAN 
BRYAN G. HOLE 
PATRICK C. HOLLAND 
ROGER A. HOLLENBECK 
JUSTIN A. HOOKER 
ADAM S. HOOPER 
TRAVIS L. HORD 
ANDREW P. HORNFECK 
JAKE J. HUBBARD 
SCOTT A. HUMR 
LUIS O. IZQUIERDO 
BLAKE JACKSON, JR. 
RICHARD S. JAHELKA 
BRIAN A. JAQUITH 
CEDRIC A. JEFFERSON 
MICHAEL A. JEVONS 
CORY J. JOBST 
PATRICK R. JOHNSEN 
JESSE D. JOHNSON 
RICHARD W. JOHNSON, JR. 
JONATHAN S. JOSEPH 
CHRISTOPHER J. KEARNEY 
ELISHA D. KELLER 
WILLIAM T. KERRIGAN 
BRENT L. KERSHAW 
CHRISTOPHER Y. KIM 
KRISTOPHER J. KNOBEL 
DANIEL F. KNUDSON III 
DANIEL R. KOCAB 
ANDREW W. KOCH 
JOHN J. KOEPKE 
MICHAEL W. KOHLER 
PAUL B. KOZICK 
TIMOTHY R. KRONJAEGER 
SAMUEL E. KUNST 
ANDREW J. KURTZ 
DOUGLAS R. KURZ 
ADAM N. LAW 
DAVID L. LEE, JR. 
BRAD A. LEEMAN 
DANIEL D. LEWIS 
JOHN M. LEWIS 
ADAM R. LINDBERG 
GAVIN K. LOGAN 
NATHAN J. LOOMIS 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:27 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00038
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 9801
E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.041
S22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 47-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S789 
February 22, 2021 
CHRISTOPHER D. LUGER 
CHRISTOPHER E. LYON 
CHRISTOPHER A. MACAK 
CLAYTON C. MACALONEY 
ANDREW A. MACDOUGALL 
CHRISTOPHER J. MACHI 
ABDUL E. MACK 
EDWARD D. MAHONEY, JR. 
ROBERT H. MANUEL 
DAVID S. MANWILLER 
AMANDA B. MARTIN 
CORBETT B. MARTIN 
NICOLAS L. MARTINEZ 
MICHAEL F. MASTERS, JR. 
RYAN L. MATHEWS 
BRIAN L. MCCARTHY 
ELIZABETH A. MCKEON 
ADAM L. MCKILLOP 
LUKE J. MCLEAREN 
JILL A. MCQUISTAN 
ROLANDO A. MEDINA 
FEDERICO W. MENDIZABAL 
WILLIAM T. MESSMER 
BRIAN E. MILLER 
DEREK A. MILLS 
ERIC L. MITCHELL 
TROY E. MITCHELL 
ERIC T. MOFFIT 
JASMIN MOGHBELI 
ROBERT J. MONROE 
THOMAS W. MORROW 
KENDRA N. MOTZ 
JOHN P. MULLEN 
PATRICK J. MULLEN 
STEVEN P. MURELLO 
JUSTIN P. MURPHY 
BRENDAN R. NEAGLE 
CASEY D. NELSON 
NICOLE F. NICHOLSON 
SETH A. NICHOLSON 
BRANDON C. OBERKAMP 
RUDYARD S. OLMSTEAD 
CHRISTOPHER J. OMELIA 
KIERAN R. ONEIL 
TRAVIS C. ONISCHUK 
STEPHEN G. PAGE 
DAVID G. PALACIO 
DAVID J. PALKA 
PANAGIOTIS A. PAPADOPOULOS 
JEFFREY D. PARKER, JR. 
FRANCIS M. PASCUCCI 
CHRISTOPHER A. PASSERELLA 
MARK R. PATRIDGE 
PHILLIP J. PEACOCK 
NICOLE A. PENN 
JESSE M. PEPPERS 
MARK J. PETERS 
DANIEL R. PETRONZIO 
MARK M. PHELPS 
HEATH A. PHILLIPS 
JOHN G. PICO 
JOSEPH A. PLOT 
AARON K. POLANCO 
BRANDON S. POPE 
ADAM E. POWERS 
ANDREW F. PRICE 
JOHN W. PROSS 
JEFFREY P. PULLINGER 
DANIEL QUESADA 
SEAN F. RAFFERTY 
WALTER M. RAINES 
ADRIAN J. RANKINEGALLOWAY 
GEORGE A. RAWSON 
KEVIN M. RECTOR 
CALEB M. REED 
STEPHEN A. REYNA 
TODD B. RICHARDSON 
TIMOTHY F. RIEMANN 
JUDSON P. RIORDON 
JEFFERY H. ROBICHAUX 
GAVIN T. ROBILLARD 
SALOMON RODRIGUEZ 
CHRISTOPHER T. ROGERS 
MATTHEW L. ROHLFING 
DANIE N. SAAIMAN 
KIRT R. SAMSON 
DANIEL SANCHEZ, JR. 
TYLER B. SANDERS 
DAVID E. SAUNDERS 
CLAIRE E. SCHABERG 
BENJAMIN G. SCHMIDT 
MICHAEL C. SCHMIDT 
CRAIG M. SCHNAPPINGER 
JOHN J. SCHRANZ 
JACOB D. SCHWINGHAMMER 
REGINALD M. SEALEY II 
OSMAN N. SESAY 
WAYNE SHEW 
JOHN SHIM 
EVAN L. SHOCKLEY 
GORDON M. SILLIKER 
ADAM E. SIMON 
JESSE R. SIMONEAU 
PATRICK J. SKEHAN 
KRISTOFER A. SKIDMORE 
KEVIN T. SMALLEY 
CHRISTOPHER M. SMITH 
JAMES R. SMITH 
KEVIN M. SOEDER 
BRANDON S. SOUTHWORTH 
TIMOTHY A. SPARKS 
BRIAN T. SPILLANE 
ERIC W. SPITZNOGLE 
SCOTT M. STAFFORD 
NICHOLAS B. STATS 
GEORGE H. STEINFELS 
ROBERT L. STEINHAUSER III 
MICAH A. STEINPFAD 
RYAN A. STEVENS 
SCOTT A. STEWART 
MATTHEW R. STOLZENBERG 
WILLIAM H. STROM 
CHAD SUMMERVILLE 
WILLIAM P. SUMPTION 
EARL A. SWEIGART, JR. 
JASON A. SYLVESTER 
BILL C. TAMAYO, JR. 
ERIKA M. TEICHERT 
TINA D. TERRY 
RAPHAEL J. THALAKOTTUR 
CRAIG W. THOMAS II 
CLINTON T. THOMPSON 
CRAIG A. THOMPSON 
JAMES C. THOMPSON, JR. 
RAYMOND J. TUNG 
NICHOLAS A. TVERDOSI 
CHRISTOPHER D. UPTON 
SUSAN E. UPWARD 
GERARD W. VANDERWAAL 
MATTHEW D. VERDIN 
PHILLIP A. WAGNER 
MICHAEL P. WALLS 
JOSEPH J. WEAKLEY 
ADAM D. WELLINGTON 
BRET A. WHITE 
JAMES D. WHITLOW 
JASON P. WHITTAKER 
KIRK A. WHITTENBERG 
ROBERT W. WICKHAM 
JACOB H. WILDE 
JON K. WILKINS 
CURTIS A. WILLIAMSON 
JONATHAN M. WILLIAMSON 
LONNIE C. WILSON 
ERIC P. WINKOFSKY 
THOMAS J. WISSLER 
JAMES J. WISSMANN 
BRANDON H. WOODS 
LARRY N. WORLEY 
ANDREW M. WRZOSEK 
ADAM YANG 
CHRISTOPHER M. ZAJAC 
TRAVIS Q. ZIMMERMAN 
PATRICK J. ZUBER 
IN THE SPACE FORCE 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE GRADES INDICATED IN THE REGULAR SPACE 
FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 531 AND 716: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
LEROY BROWN, JR. 
CATHERINE E. HOARD 
To be major 
TRAVIS J. BURNETTE 
AMANDA L. CHIVERS 
CAMERON W. COON 
CLYDE A. CROSS II 
SCOTT D. DALRYMPLE 
MARTIN A. GILLIGAN 
JUSTIN T. HEPPE 
TYREL K. KVASAGER 
NOAH C. LESCH 
DAN T. NGUYEN 
ALBERT J. PENA 
DOUGLAS P. ROLFES 
FORREST D. TAYLOR 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE GRADES INDICATED IN THE REGULAR SPACE 
FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 531 AND 716: 
To be colonel 
HEATHER J. ANDERSON 
CHANDLER P. ATWOOD 
KRIS E. BARCOMB 
RICHARD R. BECKMAN 
CHRISTOPHER P. BELL 
JEFFREY W. BOGAR 
HEATHER B. BOGSTIE 
ROBERT P. BONGIOVI 
ROBERT J. BONNER 
BRIAN L. BRACY 
EDWARD P. BYRNE 
EHREN W. CARL 
TIMOTHY W. CHILDRESS 
RYAN M. COLBURN 
CHAD J. DAVIS 
ROBERT W. DAVIS 
KENNETH L. DECKER, JR 
BRIAN A. DENARO 
JOHN E. DUKES, JR 
ANDREW J. EMERY 
ERIC J. FELT 
DAVID L. FERRIS 
BRIAN M. FLUSCHE 
RYAN P. FRAZIER 
DANIEL A. GALLTON 
AARON D. GIBSON 
VANCE GOODFELLOW 
ERIN R. GULDEN 
JUNG H. HA 
MICHAEL C. HARVEY 
MATTHEW E. HOLSTON 
CHRISTOPHER J. KADALA 
RICHARD C. KIEFFER 
LEA T. KIRKWOOD 
SCOTT L. KLEMPNER 
COREY J. KLOPSTEIN 
JENNIFER M. KROLIKOWSKI 
KALLIROI L. LANDRY 
STEPHEN K. LANDRY 
DAVID A. LEACH 
DAVID M. LEARNED 
STEPHEN D. LEGGIERO 
SAMUEL A. LITTLE 
JONATHAN E. LUMINATI 
BRYON E. C. MCCLAIN 
WOODROW A. MEEKS 
JASON B. MELLO 
KHIRAH MORGAN 
PETER M. NORTON 
KRISTIN L. PANZENHAGEN 
DOUGLAS W. PENTECOST 
ERIN D. PETERSON 
JEREMY A. RALEY 
COREY M. RAMSBY 
MARQUS D. RANDALL 
ROY V. ROCKWELL 
GILBERTO ROSARIO 
JOSEPH J. ROTH 
MARC J. SANDS 
CHRISTOPHER G. SCHLAK 
TIMOTHY A. SEJBA 
MARK A. SHOEMAKER 
BRIAN D. SIDARI 
DOMENIC SMERAGLIA 
ANDREW A. SOUZA 
MATTHEW L. SPENCER 
JEREMIAH B. STAHR 
JON D. STRIZZI 
BRETT T. SWIGERT 
WALLACE R. TURNBULL III 
DANIEL T. WALTER 
ZACHARY S. WARAKOMSKI 
JASON T. WARD 
JAMES T. WEDEKIND 
To be lieutenant colonel 
CHRISTOPHER G. ADAMS 
ROLANDO AGUIRRE 
LOUIS J. ALDINI 
SALVADOR ALEMAN 
BRIAN G. ALLEN 
KYLE S. ALLEN 
MATTHEW R. ALLEN 
ACHILLE H. P. ALOISI 
ANDREW D. ANDERSON 
CLIFTON R. ANDERSON 
JAMIE L. ANDREWS 
ALBERT J. ASHBY 
LISA A. BAGHAL 
DANE M BANNACH 
LAILA S. BARASHA 
BENJAMIN P. BARBOUR 
LANDON B. BASTOW 
DAVID J. BATES 
IAN S. BAUTISTA 
BRANDON C. BEERS 
MEREDITH S. BEG 
JOSHUA M. BEKKEDAHL 
MICLYNN E. BELL 
BENJAMIN M. BENNETT 
BRIAN W. BISHOP 
JOHN D. BLACKMAN 
ERIK E. BOWMAN 
REBECCA N. BREIDING 
STEPHEN J. BROGAN 
STEVEN B. BROOKS 
RICHARD A. BROWN 
KELLIE M. BROWNLEE 
MATTHEW P. BRUNO 
RAYMOND C. C. BRUSHIER 
JOYCE A. BULSON 
JEFFREY A. BURKE 
DEREK M. CADA 
KATHRYN R. CANTU 
RANDALL E. CARLSON 
SCOTT J. CARSTETTER 
ROBIN C. CASTLE 
KRISTEN C. CASTONGUAY 
ADRIAN B. CERCENIA 
NATHAN K. CHANG 
BRIAN L. CHATMAN 
DEVON T. CHRISTENSEN 
MICHAEL W. CHRISTENSEN 
CORY A. CILIA 
BRANDON C. CONYERS 
JAMES E. COOPER 
DAVID A. CORDER 
BARRY A. CROKER 
MATTHEW P. CROSSER 
SCOTT R. CUNNINGHAM 
CHRISTOPHER A. DEMPSEY 
RACHEL M. DERBIS 
HEIDI L. DEXTER 
WILLIAM T. DEXTER 
MARK E. DEYOUNG 
STEVE J. DIRKS 
PHILLIP M. DOBBERFUHL 
NATHANIEL J. DOUGLAS 
JOHN F. ECK, JR 
ELLEN M. ELLIS 
KURTIS ENGELSON 
BRANDON L. ERWIN 
CHRISTOPHER J. EVEY 
EDWARD G. FERGUSON 
STEVEN P. FERGUSON 
CARLOS J. FERRER 
MATTHEW P. FLAHIVE 
DARIN E. FORD 
BREE B. FRAM 
TERESA A. FRANK 
BRIAN M. FREDRICKSON 
BRIANNA M. FREY 
JOSEPH M. FRITSCHEN 
MANDI L. FULLER 
MICHAEL S. FURMAN 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:27 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00039
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 9801
E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.045
S22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 48-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S790 
February 22, 2021 
THOMAS P. GABRIELE 
CLIFTON C. GALERIA 
JEFFREY E. GALLAGHER 
SETH I. GILPIN 
FRANK P. GIRDWAIN 
GARY M. GOFF 
KELLY R. GREINER 
DARRELL L. GROB 
MICHAEL C. GUERRERO 
EDUARDO N. GUEVARA, JR 
DUSTIN H. GUIDRY 
ANNA E. GUNNGOLKIN 
CHRISTINE G. L. GUZMAN 
CRAIG J. HACKBARTH 
ALAN M. HAEDGE 
LUKE J. HAGEN 
BLAKE B. HAJOVSKY 
MATTHEW J. HALE 
REBECCA A. HAMILTON 
PATRICK W. HAMLIN 
CHARLES F. HAMMOND 
BRIAN E. HANS 
MARK A. HANUS 
PEDRO L. HERNANDEZ III 
JARED A. HERWEG 
DANIEL P. HIGHLANDER 
RYAN M. HISEROTE 
BRENDAN J. HOCHSTEIN 
GREGORY S. HOFFMAN 
JAMES T. HORNE 
CARL N. HOWARD 
SHANE M. HUPP 
EDWARD J. HURD, JR 
RAYDON E. IMBO 
CHRISTOPHER K. JAMES 
MATTHEW JENKINS 
AMBER M. JOHNSON 
JAMIE J. JOHNSON 
KIRK W. JOHNSON 
EDWARD E. JONES 
DANIEL R. KARRELS 
JONATHAN K. KEEN 
RYAN F. KELLY 
MICHAEL L. KILLINGS 
TAE H. KIM 
PATRISHA J. KNIGHT 
RICHARD A. KNISELEY II 
RODRICK A. KOCH 
JEREMY T. KRUGER 
DAVID J. LAIRD 
DEX Y. LANDRETH 
ADAM V. LANGBORGH 
PAUL A. LATOUR 
RYAN C. LAUGHTON 
MICHAEL D LEAVER 
DUSTIN W. LEE 
ELLIOTT J. LEIGH 
MARK B. LESAR 
NATHANIEL C. LIEFER 
ALAN C.K. LIN 
BRYAN D. LITTLE 
PATRICK W. LITTLE 
NICHOLAS C. LONGO 
CHARLES M. LOYER 
MATHEW LUKACS 
MICHAEL D. LYNN 
DOUGLAS MACDONALD 
LISA W. MANDES 
ERNEST M. MARAMBA 
ERIC D. MARSH 
AMANDA L. MARTIN 
JAROD MARTIN 
KELLY MARTIN 
STACEY N. MARZHEUSER 
STEVEN MAWHORTER 
JONATHAN F. MCCALL 
RYAN D. MCDANIEL 
KENNETH M. MCDOUGALL 
CHESTER D. MCFARLAND 
WALTER MCMILLAN IV 
STEVIE MEDEIROS 
ANDREW S. MENSCHNER 
JONATHAN M. MILLER 
JONATHAN L. MILLS 
DYLAN A. MONAGHAN 
DANIEL R. MONTES 
GREGORY MORAN 
MORGAN MOSER 
SHYAM R. MUNSHI 
KIMBERLY A. MYERS 
DOUGLAS J. NELSON 
ERIC S NEUBERT 
TAN A. NGO 
JOHN V. NGUYEN 
JASON D. NIEDERHAUSER 
STEVEN A. NIELSON 
JAMES K. NILSEN 
THOMAS I. NIX 
JONATHON R. NOONAN 
GEORGE B. NUNO 
JACQUELINE A. NYBERG 
JUSTIN M. OVERMYER 
WILLIAM J. PALM 
NATHANIEL A. PEACE 
JOHN M. PECARINA 
WILHEM A. PEREZ 
KENNETH PETERS 
GINA A. PETERSON 
MASON R. PHELPS 
JODIE J. PLEISCH 
JOSEPH C. POMAGER 
MARTIN POON 
TRAVIS R. PRATER 
ANTHONY J. PULEO 
JACK J. RAITT II 
LUKE REDERUS 
DEREK K. REIMER 
ANTHONY P. RIZZUTO 
NEAL R. ROACH 
RYAN A. ROSE 
TAMMY A. ROSE 
HOMERO H. RUIZ PEREZ 
MICHAEL A. RUPP 
BRIAN M RUSSELL 
MICHELLE SAFFOLD 
DAVID O. SAMPAYAN 
CHRISTOPHER C. SCHLAGHECK 
KEVIN W. SCHMAEMAN 
KALUN J. SCHMIDT 
MATTHEW M. SCHMUNK 
ADAM M. SCHULTZ 
KARL R. SCHWENN 
JONATHON S. SEAL 
LUIS A. SEGURA 
RUPINDER S. SEKHON 
JEREMY J. SELSTROM 
CLIFFORD J. SERATTI 
JONATHAN P. SHEA 
SAMUEL R. SHEARER 
BRIAN A. SHIMEK 
STEPHANIE M. SILVA 
MICHAEL A. SIMONICH 
ANDREW L. SINCOCK 
STEVEN E. SLAGLE 
GAIL M. SMICKLAS 
CHRISTOPHER D. SMITH 
DAVID J. SMITH 
KENNETH J. SMITH 
KIMBERLY D. SMITH 
SOL R. SNEDEKER 
MATTHEW SODERLUND 
JASON A. SPINDLER 
AARON J. SPRECHER 
JUSTIN B. SPRING 
PAMELA T. STEIN 
WILLIAM D. STEININGERHOLMES 
BRADLEY J. STOOR 
JAMES J. STRAUB, JR 
KATHLEEN SULLIVAN 
MARGARET A. SULLIVAN 
ERIC J. SULSER 
JOHN J. TATAR 
CHARLIE J. TAYLOR 
NATHAN C. TERRAZONE 
ERIC W. THOMPSON 
ROBERT E. THOMPSON 
MEAGAN L. THRUSH 
JOSEPH W. TIMBERLAKE 
BRYAN M. TITUS 
JAMES P. TOBIN 
TORI LEIGH N. TOUZIN 
IN MARY R. TRAUTWE 
ROBERTO A. TREJO 
TIMOTHY W. TRIMAILO 
SCOTT M. TYLEY 
DANIEL A. URBAN 
MARKYVES J. VALENTIN 
ALLEN J. VARGHESE 
MARSHALRIA M. VAUGHANS 
LUDELL VIBAL 
DANIEL J. VISOSKY 
QUOC V. VO 
NATHAN P. VOSTERS 
JACK B. WALKER 
CAROLYN J. WALKOTTE 
ANDY Y. WANG 
SHANE M. WARREN 
ADAM E. WASINGER 
OESA A. WEAVER 
JESSICA A. WEDINGTON 
JOSHUA WEHRLE 
YU H. WEI 
JASON E. WEST 
DANIEL J. WHEELER 
PAMELA L. WHEELER 
ROBERT J. WIBLE 
KEVIN W. WIERSCHKE 
SHEENA L. WINDER 
DAVID R. WISNIEWSKI 
CHRISTOPHER C. WOOD 
STEVEN P. WRIGHT 
MATTHEW C. WROTEN 
MAX W. YATES 
NATHAN J. ZAHN 
JOHN C. ZINGARELLI 
To be major 
FELIX A. ABEYTA 
ADEKUNBI H. ADEWUNMI 
JOEY B. AGUILO 
CHRISTOPHER J. ALBAN 
KELLY N. ALEXANDER 
JASON A. ALTENHOFEN 
MANUEL ALVAREZ 
DANIELLE S. AMASON 
NATHANIEL D. AMSDEN 
DANIEL J. ANAYA 
KEVIN B. ANDERSON 
MUNSON J. ANDERSON III 
TRAVIS A. ANDERSON 
CHRISTOPHER R. ANDREWS 
RONALD M. Y. AUNG 
AARON M. AYERS 
DAVID A. AYRES 
CURTIS A. BABBIE 
ERIC J. BAILEY 
FLYNT L. BAILEY 
ERICA J. BALFOUR 
DANIEL N. BANAKOS 
SEAN D. BARBER 
GORDON L. BARNHILL 
LUKE S. BASHAM 
ERIC A. BASSETT 
SEAN M. D. BATSON 
MEGAN F. BELGER 
SCOTT L. BELTON 
STEVEN L. BENTHAL 
JACOB D. BILLS 
MACKENZIE J. BIRCHENOUGH 
JOHN P. BISZKO 
ALDRIN P. BLASQUEZ 
DONALD T. BLEEKER 
KACEY E. BLUNCK 
MATTHEW S. BLYSTONE 
MARK A. BOATMAN 
DAVID F. BOETTCHER 
RUDOLPH T. BOWEN II 
JUSTIN N. BOYD 
ANTHONY C. BRADEN 
JACOB D. BRADOSKY 
MATTHEW S. BRADY 
JORDAN R. BRATTON 
GAVIN M. BRAWLEY 
CHAD J. BRENNER 
ANDREW J. BRINKER 
ADAM B. BROWN 
MICHAEL H. BROWNLEE 
ADAM T. BRUNDERMAN 
ANDREW J. BUCHANAN 
CHELSEY L. BUCHANAN 
LYNDSEY D. BUCKLE 
CHERIE L. BUDAY 
ADAM A. BURNETTA 
DAVID P. BUTZIN 
CHARLES J. CADWELL 
ERIC THOMAS L. CAGURANGAN 
TAMAR A. CAIN 
ALAN L. CALFEE 
JOSEPH R. CALIDONNA 
CHRISTOPHER N. CALLAS 
ANTHONY D. CALTABIANO 
JEFFREY J. CAMPEAU 
AMMY C. CARDONA 
BRANDON W. CARPENTER 
JAMES D. CARPENTER 
TYLER D. CARSON 
BRANDON K. CASTILLO 
ROBERT F. CAULK 
ELBERT G. CHAN 
IVONNE J. CHARBONNEAU 
MATTHEW T. CHARBONNEAU 
KUAN H. CHEN 
THOMAS M. CHIASSON 
MATTHEW B. CHRISTENSEN 
ANTHONY F. CIAMILLO, JR 
RANDY S. CICALE 
FRANK CLARK 
MICHAEL C. CLARK 
KYLE D. CLEMENTS 
NATHAN S. COLLINS 
LUIS COLON 
ANDREW J. M. COMPTON 
MATTHEW M. CONRAD 
ROSS A. CONRAD 
RYAN C. CONWAY 
MATTHEW M. CORK 
TATIANA C. CORNIER 
WILLIAM F. COSGROVE 
JEFFREY E. COVERDALE 
JUSTIN E. COWLEY 
CHRISTOPHER A. COX 
JOHN R. COX 
STEPHANIE M. COX 
VICTORIA L. CRAMER 
ALEX V. CRAVEN 
WESLEY T. CROOM 
COREY W. CROWELL 
CARL M. CUNNANE 
JUSTIN F. CUNNINGHAM 
BRIAN A. CURD 
BOYCE H. DAUBY 
BRYAN L. DAVIS 
ANA C. DE FIGUEROA 
CHARLES S. DEBREE 
JEREMIAH A. DEIBLER 
JUSTIN H. DEIFEL 
EMMANUEL A. DELACRUZ 
NATHANIAL E. DELEON 
JOHN E. DEMELLO, JR 
CHRISTOPHER P. DEMMON 
ALLISON A. DEMPSEY 
JONATHAN C. DENTON 
JOSEPH M. DERIENZO 
AMBER N. DERIGGI 
KEITH R. DERR 
JOSEPH J. DIAS 
GARRETT E. DILLEY 
THEODORE J. DINKELMAN, JR 
NATHAN A. DIRKS 
JAMES D. DODGEN 
JAMES C. DOSSETT 
BRIAN R. DOUGAL 
DOUGLAS E. DOWNS 
SCOTT A. DRERUP 
PHILIP R. DUDDLES 
KYLE J. DUFAUD 
GARRET E. DUFF 
ADAM B. DUNK 
PATRICK W. DUVALL 
AARON C. ECHOLS 
DAVID P. EDSEN 
ERIC J. EHN 
STUART A. EVERSON 
KADE P. EWERT 
CHRISTINE M. EWING 
BRIAN P. FARFAN 
TRENT D. FAUSETT 
JULIA A. FAUSTMAN 
MICHAEL S. FELTEN 
EDWARD L. FERNANDEZ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:27 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00040
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 9801
E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.048
S22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 49-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S791 
February 22, 2021 
GREGORY J. FERTIG 
COLIN M. FINK 
ALEXANDER J. FIORE 
JORDAN A. FIRTH 
NATHAN D. FISHER 
SEAN R. FISHER 
JEREMY D. FOX 
MATTHEW J. FRANTZ 
CHAD M. FREY 
GREGORY R. FREY 
JEFFREY D. FRY 
JERED N. FRY 
JONATHAN B. FULLENKAMP 
BRANDON M. GALINDO 
ANDREW JAN G. GARCIA 
LEODANNY GARCIA 
JONATHAN D. GINGERY 
MARSHA R. GOETZ BROWNING 
JOHN GOFUS 
LUKE J. GOLLADAY 
ASHLEY E. GONZALES 
JARED A. GRADY 
HEATHER H. GREATTING DUFAUD 
MATTHEW R. GREENWOOD 
COLLIN M. GREISER 
MATTHEW J. GRIDLEY 
SABINA T. GRUSNICK 
CHRISTOPHER A. GUIDA 
DAVID H. GWILT 
SHAWN W. HACKETT 
JOSEPH Y. HAHN 
CRYSTAL D. HAMILTON 
BRANDON C. HAMMOND 
WESTON J. HANOKA 
MEGAN L. HARKINS 
JUSTIN D. HARMS 
GREGORY C. HARTMAN 
DAVID A. HEINZ 
JASON C. HELLER 
JACOB M. HEMPEN 
STEPHEN K. HENDERSHOT 
JOSHUAH A. HESS 
JASON T. HILL 
JONATHAN D. HILL 
LIANGKUAN HO 
JUSTIN S. HOCHSTEIN 
HANNAH E. HOCKING 
JONATHAN D. HOGAN 
MATTHEW D. HOLLAND 
ERIN N. HOLLMON 
JASON A. HOLT 
JASON M. HOLZMAN 
SETH T. HORNER 
MICHAEL A. HUFFMAN 
JACQUELINE K. HULL 
DONOVAN A. HUTCHINS 
RUBEN I. IHUIT 
BRIAN W. ILES 
AURELIO C. IRIZARRY 
BRYAN V. JACKSON 
KARA JARVIS 
DEREK R. JELINEK 
JAE H. JEON 
BENJAMIN A. JEWELL 
JENNY W. JI 
RYAN R. JOBMAN 
CLIFFORD D. JOHNSON 
DONALD D. JOHNSON 
KATHRYN J. JOHNSON 
TREVOR M. JOHNSON 
ROBERT B. JONES 
MARIE S. JUAN ROQUE 
ALEX M. JURGEMEYER 
MATTHEW A. KAHLEY 
STEFAN P. KATZ 
JOSHUA L. KEENER 
BRANDON L. KELLER 
WILLIAM W. KELLEY 
AARON J. KELLY 
SCOTT J. KELLY 
JONATHON D. KELSO 
PATRICK C. KERR 
BRIAN W. KESTER 
MYUNG C. KIM 
DANIEL A. KIMMICH 
MONTGOMERY B. KIRK 
KYLE S. KNIGHT 
MATTHEW W. KNUTSON 
RACHEL KOLESNIKOVLINDSEY 
NATHAN T. KOPAY 
KORT A. KOSER 
ALAN J. KOTOMORI 
BRIAN G. KROEGER 
RUSSELL P. KRONES 
MICHAEL D. KUST 
ROBERT A. LAKE 
NICHOLAS J. LALIBERTE 
JARETH D. LAMB 
KYLE E. LAMBERTH 
ROBERT B. LAMOTT 
RICHARD L. LANSER 
JAIME O. LARIOSBARBOSA 
MICHAEL J. LASORDA 
TOD V. LAURVICK 
DEREK J. LAW 
PATRICK T. LEARY 
KEITH R. LEBLANC 
SAMUEL H. LEE 
THOMAS W. LEE 
MATTHEW T. LEINES 
ADAM G. LEMMENES 
DEVIN K. H. LEONG 
CHRISTIAN M. LEWIS 
SHARON LAI MEI LI 
PATRICK P. LIN 
TIMOTHY P. LOCKE 
JIMMY J. LOHRMAN 
CHRISTOPHER R. LONG 
JOSHUA R. LOUDERMILK 
JASON P. LOWERY 
TSU KONG C. LUE 
KATHRYN D. LYONS 
LEV S. LYUBCHENKO 
JACOB E. MAJEWSKI 
STEPHEN D. MAKSIM 
MARTHA G. MALDONADO 
JAMES P. MAND 
TYLER B. MANN 
CHAD J. MARGETSON 
JOSEPH D. MARKOFF 
DAVID F. MARTIN 
GENELLE M. MARTINEZ 
ORLANDO MARTINEZ, JR 
ANDREW J. MASSINO 
JACK J. MATEJKA 
JUAN D. C. MAYSSONET 
SAMUEL J. MCCABE 
CHRISTOPHER B. MCGRATH 
ERIC J. MCLAUGHLIN 
ADAM M. MELSSEN 
MICHAEL T. MEOLI 
AVERY F. MERRIEX 
DEVON L. MESSECAR 
SAMUEL J. MEYER 
DEREK D. MILLER 
ERIC B. MILLER 
TRAVIS J. MILLS 
MICHAEL P. MOLESWORTH 
CHRISTIAN H. MORGAN 
JESSICA E. MORGAN 
JULIO W. MUECKAY 
MATTHEW E. MURPHY 
MICHAEL M. MYERS 
NATHANIEL P. NABER 
KEVIN M. NASTASI 
CARL J. NELSON 
KALEB J. NELSON 
DARREN NG 
TUNG T. H. NGO 
EDUARDO NIETO 
JEFFREY K. NISHIDA 
GABRIELLE Z. NOCE 
SAMUEL Y. O 
EVE C. OCONNOR 
KATHLEEN C. OCONNOR 
MICHAEL C. OCONNOR 
JOSEPH C. OLETTI 
DENNIS R. OLSON 
TIFFANY D. OLSON 
RICHARD O. ORDONA 
DANIEL J. OSULLIVAN 
BENHUR E. PACER, JR 
BRIAN O. PALMER 
VINAMRA V. PANDE 
ALEX J. PAUL 
JASON M. PAUSEWANG 
LINDELL E. PEARSON III 
MICHAEL S. PEEPLES 
NATASHA I. PEEPLES 
ISAAC B. PELAGIO 
ANDREW P. PENROD 
DERICK I. PERRY 
NEIL A. PETERSEN 
MATTHEW E. PETERSON 
WELLINGTON V. G. PHILLIPS 
MATTHEW W. PIPER 
BRIAN W. PITMAN 
ADAM J. POHL 
KEVIN J. POHL 
TRAVIS POND 
JONATHAN D. POOLE 
MARK R. PRATT 
RYAN G. PRIDGIN 
JOHN P. QUINN 
MANUEL A. RAMIREZ, JR 
IKAIKA K. RAMOS 
NATHAN RATSCHAN 
MARISSA C. REABE 
JULIE A. REED 
SHANE L. REXIUS 
WILLIAM T. REYNOLDS 
AARON C. RHOADS 
DENNIS ALBERT M. RICE 
DANIEL E. RICHARDSON 
BRADLEY C. RIGG 
CHARLES F. RIORDAN 
KEVIN C. RIVERS 
JOHN R. ROBBINS 
SCOTT A. ROBERTS 
JOSEPH B. ROBINSON 
CESAR A. RODRIGUEZ IV 
JOHN J. ROH 
CHRISTOPHER B. ROMANO 
PAUL N. ROQUE 
THEODOR B. ROSANDER 
CHRISTOPHER W. ROSE 
MICHAEL ROSENOF 
CAMERON L. ROSS 
KRISTA L. ROTH 
HEATHER R. ROWE 
KYLE E. ROWLAND 
MRYAMN L. RUTH 
MICHAEL H. RYAN 
RALPH W. SALAZAR 
RAQUEL V. SALIM 
AMANDA J. SALMOIRAGHI 
TANISHA J. SAUNDERS 
MELISSA A. SAWYER 
JERAD K. SAYLER 
BRIAN K. SCHELLER 
CHRISTA N. SCHIESSWOHL 
DAVID A. SCHILL 
NICHOLAS SCHMIDT 
EDWARD C. SCHNEIDER 
ADAM G. SEARS 
CHRISTOPHER M. SEIDLER 
RYAN L. SHEEHAN 
KYLE T. SHELTON 
JOSHUA J. SHEPARD 
EVANGELINE J. SHEPPARD 
MATTHEW C. SHUTT 
ADAM M. SIEVERS 
RONNIE R. SIFUENTES 
ALEXANDER L. SIMPSON 
CALVIN A. SINGH 
ANDREW E. SINGLETON 
MARCUS A. SITTERLY 
IVAN S. SLATER 
ANTHONY J. SLIGAR 
ANDREW J. SMALL 
MORGAN E. SPARKS 
JOSEPH R. SPEAKMAN 
ANTHONY SPEZIALE 
KEVIN J. SPRINGER 
BLAINE L. STEWART 
KRISTINA D. STEWART 
MATTHEW A. STOEBNER 
CHAD B. SUE 
TODD M. SULLIVAN 
RAK B. SUNG 
HOWARD TANG 
YANCY Y. TANG 
JUSTIN M. TARR 
NICHOLAS TASSOS 
ALVIN TAT 
SEAN C. TEMPLE 
KIMBERLY A. TEMPLER 
BRIAN D. THORN 
DOUGLAS E. THORNTON 
ISSAC J. THORNTON 
GERVE M. TILLMAN 
CLAY R. TOERNER 
MARK J. TOPINO 
BENJAMIN A. TORRES 
LAURA E. TRAILLE 
TUAN U. TRAN 
PINAK M. TRIVEDI 
THOMAS V. TRUONG 
JARED D. TUINSTRA 
JOSEPH M. ULISSE 
TAN VAN 
ZACHARY S. VAN VALKENBURG 
ALBERT R. VASSO 
KRISTIN L. VENTURA 
ROMMEL O. VILLANUEVA 
JOHN S. VINCENT 
BRICE D. E. VIRELL 
KEVIN P. VITAYAUDOM 
BRANDON D. VOGT 
DAVID M. WADDELL 
PHILLIP F. WAGENBACH 
KEVIN J. WALCHKO 
LEE I. WATSON 
MICHAEL E. WATSON II 
WILLIAM O. WATSON III 
JEFFREY M. WEIR 
DANIEL P. WHALEN 
SCOTT D. WHITE 
DAVID C. WILBURN 
BENJAMIN R. WILLIAMS 
MCKAY D. WILLIAMS 
MICHELLE Y. WILLIAMS 
BRANDON V. WILSON 
JONATHAN A. WILSON 
CORRY A. WINSLOW 
BRITTANY L. WIRTH 
JASON T. WIRTH 
BARRY R. WITT 
MARK J. WOJTOWICZ 
DAMON R. WONG 
BUTCH D. WOOD 
JONATHAN W. WRIGHT 
NICHOLAS Y. YEUNG 
JING YU 
SEAN ZABRISKIE 
COSTANTINOS ZAGARIS 
SCOTT C. ZETTERSTROM 
CRAIG M. ZINCK 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE GRADES INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES 
SPACE FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 531 AND 
716: 
To be colonel 
CHRISTOPHER A. KENNEDY 
PETER C. MASTRO 
CHAD W. MELONE 
ERIK S. STOCKHAM 
To be lieutenant colonel 
JUSTIN L. BELTZ 
CHRISTOPHER E. CARSON 
DAVID E. JOHNSON 
To be major 
KRISTEN M. BARRA 
VIKTOR A. BELOV 
RUSMIR BILALIC 
CHRISTOPHER A. BIRGE 
RONALD J. BRACKIN III 
STEVEN J. BROWN 
JOSHUA T. BRUNSON 
DUC M. BUI 
CARSON C. CLEVELAND 
MATTHEW J. COATES 
SCHUYLER L. COLLIS 
MATTHEW J. CONNELLAN CHAPLESKI 
BRIAN D. COUCH 
JASON P. CRAYCRAFT 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:27 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00041
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 9801
E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.051
S22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 50-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S792 
February 22, 2021 
ELYSE M. CRIMM 
JONATHAN A. CROW 
PATRICK B. CUNNINGHAM 
BRENDAN K. DALY 
BRENT L. DANNER 
JONATHAN L. DEFFENBAUGH 
BENJAMIN W. DEMPSEY 
MICHAEL J. DIMUZIO 
RACHEL E. DONOHO 
MICHAEL A. DUENES 
ALEXA C. EGGERT 
GREGORY J. ESLINGER 
STEPHEN B. EVANS 
SEAN M. FREDERICK 
CHRISTOPHER M. FRIDLEY 
JASON B. GABRIEL 
RAMIRO GONZALES, JR 
JUSTIN B. GRAFF 
STEVEN T. HA 
TIMOTHY P. HAUENSTEIN 
MICHAEL A. HOLLOWAY 
BRANDON J. HUA 
KEITH A. HUDSON 
CHRISTOPHER M. JARVIE 
MATTHEW J. KARCZEWSKI 
LEN L. KEDROW 
JIN K. KIM 
MARK S. KIM 
JORDAN T. KIRK 
KELLY E. KROUPA 
KACIE M. LAWLER 
SUE X. LEE 
REBECCA D. MANNING 
SETH A. MARTIN 
CHRISTOPHER A. MENINO 
STEVEN J. MILICI 
DANIEL G. MILLER 
ROBERTO C. MOLINEROS 
JAVIER A. NOBOA 
RACHAEL L. NUTTING 
SEAN P. ONEILL 
SUZI J. PARK 
JOSEPH P. PASTROVICH 
EVAN M. PORTER 
KIMBERLEE S. POTTINGER 
ERIC R. PRINCE 
ADAM T. RICH 
KELLY E. RICHARDS 
KYLE N. RIMANDO 
DAVID A. RYAN 
MUSTAFA N. SAKIB 
KODJO E. SALOKOFFI 
KALEIGH B. SIDES 
JOSEPH E. SILVIO 
ELIZABETH K. SIMKUS 
JOHN M. SIMKUS 
YONG U. SINN 
ERIK W. SORENSEN 
ALAIN R. SOTHIKHOUN 
KURT T. SPRANGER 
EMILY M. STANHOUSE 
BRIAN D. STRESEMANN 
NOLAN M. THOMAS 
THOMAS E. THORPE 
ROMAN TILLMAN 
QUAN B. TONTHAT 
STEPHEN K. TULLINO 
WAYNE T. URUBIO 
NERCRESAINNE M. WHITE 
JULIUS A. WILLIAMS 
LISA Y. WONG 
DEREK B. WORTH 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES 
SPACE FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
LANCE E. BASGALL 
ADAM L. BECK 
CHRISTOPHER S. BILLUPS 
AARON T. BLORE 
JERRA L. BROWN 
GRACE A. BUTLER 
DUSTYN B. CARROLL 
KENNETH H. CARPENTER III 
ANTHONY J. CORREALE 
ELIZABETH A. DROBINA 
WILLIAM C. ELDER 
ROBERT A. GHARRITY 
BRIANNE E. GUNTHER 
JUSTIN T. HARWELL 
CARMILYA N. JONES 
JEREMY R. KLINGER 
DAVID L. KOVALAK 
KIU H. LEE 
GERARDO J. LOPEZ 
REGINALD T. LUPER 
CAITLIN A. MOREHART 
BRITTANY L. MORTON 
ROBERT A. NELSON 
THOMAS L. NICHOLS 
CELESTE D. OLIVER 
JAMES C. OLSEN 
MOISES RENDON 
WADE M. SCRIBNER 
ERICA G. SPARKMAN 
AARON R. TAFT 
DAVID P. TAVENNER 
CHARLES M. TAYLOR 
RYAN P. WATHEN 
STEPHANIE J. WEBB 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES 
SPACE FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
MARK C. BIGLEY 
SEPTEMBER S. DASILVA 
STEPHEN G. LYON 
IN THE COAST GUARD 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES COAST GUARD TO THE GRADE IN-
DICATED UNDER TITLE 14, U.S.C., SECTION 2121(E): 
To be commander 
JERRY L. SMITH 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:27 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00042
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 9801
E:\CR\FM\A22FE6.054
S22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 51-
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E149 
February 22, 2021 
HONORING THE LIFE OF GENE 
BARBERET 
HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Monday, February 22, 2021 
Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Speaker, it is with 
great regret that I rise today to mourn and ob-
serve the passing of an eternal educator, Dr. 
Gene Barberet of Mansfield, Connecticut. Hav-
ing lived a full and active life, Gene passed 
away on his 101st birthday on January 11, 
2021 due to complications related to the 
coronavirus. 
Gene’s life was intrinsically American, and 
he dedicated his life to professorial teaching 
and sharpening of the mind. To this end, 
Gene contributed a palpable value toward the 
strength and productivity of eastern Connecti-
cut’s community, the region I have the honor 
of representing. Dr. Barberet, a first-generation 
scholar born to parents who immigrated from 
Alsace, France, was always eager to observe 
and take from his environment as the young-
est of eight siblings. His story will be remem-
bered by many as one of vigor, decency, and 
a passion for cultural enrichment. 
As a lifelong learner, Gene was always des-
tined to become the wisest of educators. His 
potential in the education industry was re-
flected from the start, such as when he grad-
uated co-valedictorian from Watertown High 
School in his hometown of Oakville, Con-
necticut. His deep French roots struck a clear 
cord with him from early on as well, motivating 
then Mr. Barberet to achieve a bachelors de-
gree in French studies in 1941. Taking a 
break from his studies, Gene heeded the call 
to serve in the U.S. Army Air Corps during 
World War II. Upon his return from the war, 
however, Gene resumed a determined effort 
to expand upon his roots—transitioning his 
education to Princeton University and going on 
to achieve a masters and subsequent doctoral 
degree in French literature by 1951. 
Not one to let knowledge go to waste, Gene 
brought his specialization back to our home 
state of Connecticut before obtaining his doc-
toral degree in 1949, marking the genesis of 
a career in sharing his experience as a faculty 
of the University of Connecticut (UConn). Dr. 
Barberet went on to educate French Literature 
within UConn’s Department of Modern and 
Classical Languages, building a true and per-
sonal connection to the University over the 
course of 40 years. He achieved this not by 
simply mastering lectures, but also by broad-
ening his perspective alongside the very stu-
dents he taught. As a professor, he personally 
oversaw the University’s year long study 
abroad program to France, journeying with 
students across the Atlantic to better under-
stand the international community and our 
place in it. Dr. Barberet’s impact cannot be un-
derstated—throughout his long tenure he was 
recognized by a variety of honors and acco-
lades, eventually even becoming knighted as 
a chevalier by the French government for his 
contributions to the nation’s culture. As a fond-
ly remembered mentor and a scholar, multiple 
scholarship funds were established under the 
University in his name to support excellence in 
French. 
Dr. Barberet retired from UConn in 1990 as 
a revered professor emeritus. Though UConn 
will always be his home, it should be noted 
that he engaged in a gregarious retirement, 
frequently travelling back to his heritage in 
France as we II as other stints in Europe. He 
never gave up on the affinity for education ei-
ther, acting as a volunteer teacher at the Don-
ald Bergin Correction Institution, a board 
member of the Center for Learning in Retire-
ment, and even initiating a weekly French con-
versational circle at the Mansfield Senior Cen-
ter well into his latest years. Dr. Barberet 
touched the lives of many who hail from east-
ern Connecticut. 
Madam Speaker, it is an honor to represent 
constituents as monumental and influential as 
Gene. His legacy is a lasting and tangible one, 
having expanded horizons for not only himself, 
but the lives of thousands of students, col-
leagues, and friends. While we all mourn his 
loss, we can at least find solace that his story, 
memory and purpose lives on in the lives of 
countless others. Therefore, I find it fitting that 
we as a institutional body set his name and 
character further into stone. I ask that the en-
tire House join me in recognizing the life of Dr. 
Gene Barberet and never forgetting that the 
best educators—and by extension leaders— 
never end their quest of learning. 
f 
ANNIVERSARY 
OF 
THE 
MAS-
SACRES 
AGAINST 
ARMENIANS 
OF SUMGAIT, KIROVABAD, AND 
BAKU 
HON. JAMES R. LANGEVIN 
OF RHODE ISLAND 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Monday, February 22, 2021 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Madam Speaker, I rise to 
mourn and honor the victims of the massacres 
against Armenians of Sumgait on February 
27–29, 1988; of Kirovabad on November 21– 
27, 1988; and of Baku on January 13–19, 
1990. During these events, attackers tortured 
and killed hundreds of Armenian residents. I 
condemn these pogroms and subsequent ag-
gression by the Azerbaijanis against Armenian 
civilians and their culture. 
As we approach the anniversary of the at-
tacks in Sumgait 33 years ago and reflect on 
Azerbaijan’s ruthless aggression in Artsakh 
last fall, I urge the U.S. to take a leading role 
in achieving a fair, just, and lasting peace set-
tlement between Armenia and Azerbaijan. 
Azerbaijan has shed innocent blood for far too 
long, and its actions are a clear violation of 
the international order. I call on the Biden Ad-
ministration to take a different approach from 
the previous administration when it comes to 
holding bad actors accountable. The U.S. 
must uphold human rights for everyone, every-
where. 
HONORING 
THE 
30TH 
ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE UNIVERSITY OF 
CALIFORNIA, SANTA CRUZ AFRI-
CAN AMERICAN THEATER ARTS 
TROUPE 
HON. JIMMY PANETTA 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Monday, February 22, 2021 
Mr. PANETTA. Madam Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the achievements of the Univer-
sity of California, Santa Cruz African American 
Theater Arts Troupe (AATAT) to enrich stu-
dent life at UC Santa Cruz and the Santa Cruz 
community by providing a space for expres-
sion and empowerment. This year, AATAT is 
celebrating its 30th anniversary. Since its 
founding in 1991, AATAT has been a steward 
for theater arts by fostering performing arts, 
providing a space for community and expres-
sion, and furthering cultural enrichment. 
The creation of this organization at UC 
Santa Cruz was not without challenges. 
AATAT began without a budget, dedicated 
space, or theater amenities. With the guidance 
and tireless work of founding instructor Donald 
Williams, AATAT was able to grow over the 
years into a full theater production troupe that 
performs, inspires, and uplifts thousands of 
people each year. 
The artistic and generous spirit of AATAT 
goes beyond the stage. AATAT strives for 
inclusivity by making their performances free 
and accessible to all UC Santa Cruz students. 
The group’s sense of duty has led them to 
work with high school students across Cali-
fornia, tutoring an average of 2000 students 
each year. In the spirit of uplifting others, 
AATAT has been able to provide over 
$100,000 in scholarships through the years. 
Madam Speaker, it is my pleasure to recog-
nize the history, dedication, and contributions 
of the UC Santa Cruz African American The-
ater Arts Troupe. I ask my distinguished col-
leagues to join me in recognizing the UC 
Santa Cruz African American Theater Arts 
Troupe as an exceptional group of community 
and artistic leaders on the central coast of 
California. 
f 
HONORING KYLE REOGAS OF 
HALEYVILLE, ALABAMA 
HON. ROBERT B. ADERHOLT 
OF ALABAMA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Monday, February 22, 2021 
Mr. ADERHOLT. Madam Speaker, it is my 
honor to offer a congratulations to the retiring 
police chief of the city of Haleyville, Alabama, 
Kyle Reogas. 
The city of Haleyville is where I was born, 
grew up and is my current residence and 
Chief Reogas has served our community as 
chief for 29 years. In fact, Chief Reogas has 
been with the Haleyville Police Department for 
a total of 34 years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:35 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A22FE8.001
E22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 52-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E150 
February 22, 2021 
On Monday, May 4, 1992, then Haleyville 
Mayor W.G. Campbell and the city council, ap-
pointed Reogas as the chief of police. 
On that night of his appointment, Reogas 
said ‘‘I appreciate this opportunity to serve 
Haleyville as its police chief, and I will do the 
job to the best of my ability.’’ The fact that 
Reogas has served in this position for almost 
three decades is a testament to the fact he 
has lived up to that promise. 
During the past 29 years, Chief Reogas has 
seen a lot. Some of it good, but of course in 
his line of work, he has also seen a lot of bad. 
One of the biggest challenges he and his de-
partment faced was tornado damage that oc-
curred to Haleyville as part of the April 27, 
2011 tornado outbreak across Alabama. 
But as Chief, he and his officers have al-
ways strived to turn the bad situations into the 
most positive outcomes possible and to al-
ways serve the citizens with integrity. Under 
his leadership, the Haleyville Police Depart-
ment has achieved this year after year. 
Chief Reogas is married to Joyce Reogas. 
They have two daughters, Meshia and Jen-
nifer. 
Again, I want to congratulate Chief Reogas 
on his well-earned retirement. I wish him all 
the best in the years to come in the next 
chapter of his life. 
f 
RECOGNIZING FIRE CHIEF BRAD 
GOODROAD 
HON. DUSTY JOHNSON 
OF SOUTH DAKOTA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Monday, February 22, 2021 
Mr. JOHNSON of South Dakota. Madam 
Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor 
Fire Chief Brad Goodroad for his 27 years of 
service with the Sioux Falls Fire Rescue. 
Chief Goodroad’s career with Sioux Falls 
Fire Rescue began in 1994. He served as a 
firefighter for seven years before transitioning 
roles to a fire apparatus operator. Chief 
Goodroad went on to become captain, bat-
talion chief, and finally, division chief, a posi-
tion he has held since 2017. 
During his remarkable career, Goodroad led 
SFFR’s health and safety programs for 10 
years and helped the department achieve re- 
accreditation through the Center for Public 
Safety Excellence in 2019. In recognition of 
his dedication and initiative, Goodroad was 
awarded the 2020 Senator Paul S. Sarbanes 
Fire Service Safety Leadership Award. 
Despite the many challenges the city of 
Sioux Falls has faced in recent years including 
major flooding and a tornado, under the lead-
ership of Goodroad, Sioux Falls Fire Rescue 
has maintained an ISO rating of 1, the highest 
score possible for how well a city is protected 
by its fire department. 
I commend Chief Goodroad for his out-
standing record of service, hard work, and 
leadership. I extend my deepest congratula-
tions to Brad Goodroad on his well-earned re-
tirement. I am thankful for his contributions in 
keeping the community of Sioux Falls safe. 
INTRODUCTION OF THE DISTRICT 
OF COLUMBIA CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER SALARY HOME RULE 
ACT 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Monday, February 22, 2021 
Ms. NORTON. Madam Speaker, today, I in-
troduce the District of Columbia Chief Finan-
cial Officer Salary Home Rule Act, which 
would give the District of Columbia the author-
ity to raise the pay of its Chief Financial Offi-
cer (CFO). There is no reason the District 
should not have the authority to set the pay of 
every local official, who are paid with local 
funds, as a matter of its existing home-rule au-
thority. 
In 2013, Congress enacted a law that gave 
the District more authority to set the CFO’s 
pay. However, Congress did not give D.C. full 
and complete authority over this local matter. 
This bill would give D.C. the authority to set 
the CFO’s pay commensurate with its best 
judgment based on factors such as compari-
sons with similar positions elsewhere, the 
competitive market and other factors generally 
used in determining pay. I was able to get 
some needed changes in 2013 by amending 
the Home Rule Act to change the CFO’s sal-
ary from a fixed rate of pay that was tied to 
the federal pay schedule to a maximum allow-
able pay, or ceiling, tied to the federal pay 
schedule. That ceiling was and continues to 
be substantially higher than the fixed rate. 
However, D.C. should have full control over 
setting the salaries of its own employees. 
I introduced the 2013 bill after a D.C. CFO 
search committee indicated that the fixed rate 
of pay was not high enough to attract the best 
talent needed for this complex and demanding 
job. The responsibilities of the CFO, a position 
created by Congress, are unique in the United 
States. The CFO is extraordinarily powerful 
and independent. The District cannot obligate 
or expend funds without the CFO’s approval, 
and the CFO can be terminated only ‘‘for 
cause.’’ My bill would not allow the CFO’s sal-
ary to be lowered and maintains the ‘‘for 
cause’’ termination provision, so as to pre-
serve the independence of the office. The Dis-
trict needs the authority to pay the rate nec-
essary to retain and attract the best CFOs, es-
pecially since the District must compete with 
the private sector for highly qualified CFOs. 
This is an important step to increase nec-
essary home-rule authority for the District, and 
I urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
f 
IN REMEMBRANCE OF DON 
MOTAKA 
HON. LORI TRAHAN 
OF MASSACHUSETTS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Monday, February 22, 2021 
Mrs. TRAHAN. Madam Speaker, I rise today 
to mark the passing of my friend, Don Motaka. 
Today, would have been his 69th birthday. 
Don was truly one of a kind and he made 
an impression on everyone he met. I will al-
ways remember his quick wit, huge heart, ir-
reverent sense of humor, and booming laugh. 
He was not someone that could be easily 
overlooked, as his positive energy could take 
over a room. 
Unfortunately, Don died suddenly on De-
cember 21, 2020 in Oxford, Michigan of com-
plications unrelated to COVID. 
I had the honor of getting to know Don 
when we worked together as congressional 
staffers in the mid-1990s. Don was not your 
typical staff member, as his personal and pro-
fessional life had taken him on a wondering 
and diverse journey by the time he made his 
way to Capitol Hill. 
A native of Gettysburg, PA, his teenage 
years were marked by instability that resulted 
in Don being taken in and cared for by mem-
bers of St. James Lutheran Church. In spite of 
those challenges, Don excelled as a student 
and went on to graduate from the University of 
Pennsylvania and Yale Divinity School. 
After graduating from Yale Divinity School, 
Don served as Pastor to two rural churches 
before leaving to lead Tabernacle Lutheran 
Church in West Philadelphia, a challenging as-
signment that left him looking for other ways 
to serve people. He held many different jobs 
during that time, including serving as a con-
gressional aide to U.S. Representative Marty 
Meehan, where we met. 
In 2013, Don returned to the ministry to be-
come a monk at St. Augustine’s House Lu-
theran Monastery, the only Lutheran Mon-
astery in North America. Upon becoming a 
simple professed monk in 2015, he took the 
name Father Jude—who is known as the pa-
tron saint of desperate cases and lost causes. 
At the monastery, he spent his time listening 
for God and regularly preaching at Sunday 
Mass. He also dedicated many hours to work-
ing in a woodworking shop he created at the 
monastery. 
He is missed by his mother, Almena 
Motaka, his brothers at the monastery, and his 
sudden passing has impacted many who 
loved him and referred to him affectionately as 
‘‘Uncle Don,’’ including Rev. Edward Keyser 
and his family, Rev. Fritz Foltz and Faith Foltz 
and family, Joe Moore and his family, and 
David Schildknecht and his family. 
Don was passionate about politics and was 
a dedicated Democrat who loved this country 
and followed in great detail the twists and 
turns of public policy debates held in Con-
gress. Like many, Don was troubled by what 
had happened to our country over the past 
four years and was overjoyed by the results of 
the election in November. 
During my first campaign for Congress, Don 
was a voice of encouragement from the very 
beginning, and his daily prayers for me from 
the monastery were a source of comfort and 
strength. While it was many years ago that I 
last saw Don, I can still see his smile and feel 
the warmth of his personality like it was yes-
terday. I am grateful to have crossed paths 
with him and I hope his memory is a blessing 
to all who had the privilege of knowing him. 
f 
136TH 
ANNIVERSARY 
OF 
THE 
TOWN 
OF 
PRINCEVILLE 
IN 
NORTH CAROLINA 
HON. G.K. BUTTERFIELD 
OF NORTH CAROLINA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Monday, February 22, 2021 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the 136th anniversary of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:35 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A22FE8.004
E22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 53-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E151 
February 22, 2021 
Princeville, a town in Edgecombe County, 
North Carolina, that stands strong as the old-
est town incorporated by African Americans in 
the United States of America. Populated pri-
marily by African Americans, the historic town 
of Princeville holds a legacy of pride and 
stands as a powerful symbol of African Amer-
ican determination and endurance in the face 
of adversity. 
Originally 
known 
as 
‘‘Freedom 
Hill,’’ 
Princeville was established by freed slaves in 
1885. As the Civil War came to an end, many 
former slaves sought a new frontier of protec-
tion and freedom and left the plantations for 
Union troop encampments. Once the Union 
soldiers departed the encampments, many 
former slaves stayed behind and settled in an 
area named Freedom Hill, incorporated in 
1885 in Edgecombe County. The name Free-
dom Hill was later changed to Princeville in 
honor of a well-known community member by 
the name of Turner Prince. A former slave and 
local carpenter, Turner Prince lived in Free-
dom Hill since its founding and was heavily in-
volved in building many community homes for 
families in Freedom Hill. 
While Princeville faced many challenges 
throughout its existence, the residents also 
benefitted by the strength of their collective 
community in many ways. Free from their en-
slavement, many were able to reconnect with 
family and gain control of their labor and re-
quirement of compensation. Princeville devel-
oped into a community with self-employed la-
borers and artisans. In 1880, the community 
was also home to eight carpenters, seven 
blacksmiths, four grocers, three seamstresses 
and three brick masons. Princeville workers 
were also able to capitalize on the growth of 
local area communities and were able to find 
employment in various sectors such as textile 
mills and lumber industries. Freedom also 
brought the hope and power associated with 
the right to vote and hold political office. In 
fact, several eastern counties of North Caro-
lina, Black residents were a majority, and in 
many of these locations, Blacks exercised 
their political strength by electing Black men to 
office. Princeville and Edgecombe County vot-
ers were able to elect eleven Black men to the 
state legislature to serve fifteen terms from 
1877 to 1890. Indeed, Princeville was an ex-
ample to the nation of the importance and 
power of having the unfettered access to 
make one’s voice heard through their vote. 
From recovery of the unnatural disaster of 
slavery and segregation to the devastation of 
natural disasters of hurricanes and flooding, 
the people of Princeville’s determination and 
strength have allowed them to endure and 
overcome many difficulties and challenges. On 
behalf of the United States House of Rep-
resentatives and the people of the First District 
of North Carolina, I am proud to recognize the 
136th anniversary of the historic town of 
Princeville and am honored to serve as their 
Representative in Congress. 
The Princeville citizens continue to rep-
resent the power of community and the impor-
tance of freedom to control one’s own destiny 
to create a path forward free from oppression, 
suppression, and undue barriers. The town of 
Princeville has, without exception, earned the 
right to be recognized, honored, and cele-
brated, and it is my hope that the citizens of 
Princeville will continue its proud legacy for 
many years to come. 
IN RECOGNITION OF JUDGE JAMES 
KANDREVAS’ 30 YEARS OF SERV-
ICE 
TO 
THE 
28TH 
DISTRICT 
COURT 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Monday, February 22, 2021 
Mrs. DINGELL. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Judge James Kandrevas 
on the occasion of his retirement after serving 
30 years as the 28th District Judge in 
Southgate, Michigan. His significant contribu-
tions to the Southgate community are worthy 
of commendation. 
Judge Kandrevas grew up in River Rouge 
and as a young man, he worked as a steel-
worker on Zug Island. This experience encour-
aged him to pursue a degree from Wayne 
State University. In 1970, he earned a law de-
gree from the Detroit College of Law. After 
passing the bar, he was a litigator and served 
as Southgate’s city attorney, eventually serv-
ing as Southgate’s Municipal Judge from 1973 
to 1979. He became Mayor of the City of 
Southgate in 1983 and remained in that role 
until 1990. During his time as Mayor, he sta-
bilized city employee pensions, established a 
center for senior citizens, and expanded recre-
ation programs. 
In 1990, Judge Kandrevas was elected 
Judge of the 28th District Court and has 
served five consecutive six-year terms. During 
his tenure on the court, he has made an im-
pact on the lives of many. Judge Kandrevas is 
known for his administration of special courts 
for drug abusers and military veterans with 
emotional and personal problems. He has also 
directed special operations that include coun-
seling, mentoring, rehabilitation, recovery, and 
treatment as an alternative to jail sentences. 
His court has helped many veterans and civil-
ians turn their lives around when they have 
found themselves in trouble with the law. Al-
though he is retiring, Judge Kandrevas’ time in 
the courtroom is not yet done—he will be al-
lowed to remain on the bench as a visiting 
judge. 
Madam Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join 
me in honoring Judge James Kandrevas for 
his exemplary 30 years of public service. He 
has effectively served Southgate and the state 
of Michigan in his role as the 28th District 
Judge. I join with Judge Kandrevas’ family, 
friends, and colleagues in extending my best 
wishes to him in retirement. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 
1977, calls for establishment of a sys-
tem for a computerized schedule of all 
meetings and hearings of Senate com-
mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-
tees, and committees of conference. 
This title requires all such committees 
to notify the Office of the Senate Daily 
Digest—designated by the Rules Com-
mittee—of the time, place and purpose 
of the meetings, when scheduled and 
any cancellations or changes in the 
meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-
mation, the Office of the Senate Daily 
Digest will prepare this information for 
printing in the Extensions of Remarks 
section of the CONGRESSIONAL RECORD 
on Monday and Wednesday of each 
week. 
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, Feb-
ruary 23, 2021 may be found in the 
Daily Digest of today’s RECORD. 
MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
FEBRUARY 24 
Time to be announced 
Committee on the Budget 
Business meeting to consider the nomi-
nation of Neera Tanden, of Massachu-
setts, to be Director of the Office of 
Management and Budget. 
S–207 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
Business meeting to consider the nomi-
nation of Neera Tanden, of Massachu-
setts, to be Director of the Office of 
Management and Budget, and com-
mittee rules of procedure for the 117th 
Congress. 
SD–342 
Select Committee on Intelligence 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tion of William Joseph Burns, of Mary-
land, to be Director of the Central In-
telligence Agency; to be immediately 
followed by a closed hearing in SVC– 
217. 
SR–301 
10:15 a.m. 
Committee on Environment and Public 
Works 
To hold hearings to examine investing in 
transportation while addressing cli-
mate change, improving equity, and 
fostering economic growth and innova-
tion. 
SD–G50 
2 p.m. 
Committee on Finance 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tion of Xavier Becerra, of California, to 
be Secretary of Health and Human 
Services. 
SD–106 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Indian Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine native com-
munities’ priorities in focus for the 
117th Congress. 
SD–628 
Committee on Small Business and Entre-
preneurship 
Business meeting to consider the nomi-
nation of Isabella Casillas Guzman, of 
California, to be Administrator of the 
Small Business Administration. 
SD–215 
4 p.m. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine vaccines for 
vets, focusing on ending the COVID–19 
pandemic. 
SD–G50 
FEBRUARY 25 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine Department 
of Defense support to the COVID–19 re-
sponse. 
SD–G50 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and 
Urban Affairs 
To 
hold 
hearings 
to 
examine 
the 
coronavirus crisis, focusing on next 
steps for rebuilding Main Street. 
WEBEX 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:35 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22FE8.008
E22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 54-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E152 
February 22, 2021 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
Business 
meeting 
to 
consider 
sub-
committee assignments. 
SD–106 
Committee on Finance 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tion of Katherine C. Tai, of the District 
of Columbia, to be United States Trade 
Representative, with the rank of Am-
bassador. 
SD–215 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tions of Vivek Hallegere Murthy, of 
Florida, to be Medical Director in the 
Regular Corps of the Public Health 
Service, and to be Surgeon General of 
the Public Health Service, and Rachel 
Leland Levine, of Pennsylvania, to be 
an Assistant Secretary, both of the De-
partment of Health and Human Serv-
ices. 
SH–216 
10:15 a.m. 
Committee on the Budget 
To hold hearings to examine poverty 
wages at large profitable corporations. 
SD–608 
MARCH 2 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and 
Urban Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tions of Gary Gensler, of Maryland, to 
be a Member of the Securities and Ex-
change Commission, and Rohit Chopra, 
of the District of Columbia, to be Di-
rector, Bureau of Consumer Financial 
Protection. 
WEBEX 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine the Govern-
ment Accountability Office’s 2021 High 
Risk 
List, 
focusing 
on 
addressing 
waste, fraud, and abuse. 
SD–342 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:35 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00004
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\M22FE8.000
E22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 55-
D140 
Monday, February 22, 2021 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senator Portman delivered Washington’s Farewell Address. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S751–S792 
Measures Introduced: Introduced on Friday, Feb-
ruary 19, 2021 during the adjournment: One resolu-
tion, as follows: S. Res. 63.                                    Page S769 
Twenty-six bills and six resolutions were intro-
duced, as follows: S. 331–356, and S. Res. 64–69. 
                                                                                      Pages S770–71 
Measures Reported: 
Reported on Friday, February 19, during the ad-
journment: 
S. Res. 63, authorizing expenditures by the Com-
mittee on Finance. 
Reported on Monday, February 22: 
S. Res. 64, authorizing expenditures by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations. 
S. Res. 65, authorizing expenditures by the Spe-
cial Committee on Aging. 
S. Res. 66, authorizing expenditures by the Com-
mittee on the Budget. 
S. Res. 69, authorizing expenditures by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.                                    Pages S769–70 
Washington’s Farewell Address: Senator Portman 
performed the traditional reading of Washington’s 
Farewell Address.                                                 Pages S751–55 
Thomas-Greenfield 
Nomination—Agreement: 
Senate resumed consideration of the nomination of 
Linda Thomas-Greenfield, of Louisiana, to be the 
Representative of the United States of America to 
the United Nations, with the rank and status of the 
Ambassador, and the Representative of the United 
States of America in the Security Council of the 
United Nations.                                         Pages S756, S757–60 
During consideration of this nomination today, 
Senate also took the following action: 
By 75 yeas to 20 nays (Vote No. EX. 60), Senate 
agreed to the motion to close further debate on the 
nomination.                                                                     Page S760 
A unanimous-consent-time agreement was reached 
providing for further consideration of the nomination 
at approximately 10:30 a.m., on Tuesday, February 
23, 2021; that at 11:30 a.m., all post-cloture time 
on the nomination be considered expired and Senate 
vote on confirmation of the nomination; that not-
withstanding the provisions of Rule XXII, at 2:15 
p.m., Senate begin consideration of the nomination 
of Thomas J. Vilsack, of Iowa, to be Secretary of Ag-
riculture, with 20 minutes for debate as provided 
under the previous order of Saturday, February 13, 
2021; that upon the use or yielding back of that 
time, Senate vote on confirmation of the nomination 
of Thomas J. Vilsack; that upon disposition of the 
nomination of Thomas J. Vilsack, and if cloture has 
been invoked on the nomination of Linda Thomas- 
Greenfield, of Louisiana, to be Representative of the 
United States of America to the Sessions of the Gen-
eral Assembly of the United Nations during her ten-
ure of service as Representative of the United States 
of America to the United Nations, Senate vote on 
confirmation of the nomination of Linda Thomas- 
Greenfield.                                                                       Page S760 
Granholm Nomination—Cloture: Senate began 
consideration of the nomination of Jennifer Mulhern 
Granholm, of Michigan, to be Secretary of Energy. 
                                                                                      Pages S756–57 
A motion was entered to close further debate on 
the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-
sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the 
Senate, a vote on cloture will occur on Wednesday, 
February 24, 2021.                                                      Page S757 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-
ate took the following action: 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-
tive Session.                                                                     Page S756 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-
tive Session to consider the nomination.          Page S756 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Jewel Hairston Bronaugh, of Virginia, to be Dep-
uty Secretary of Agriculture. 
Chiquita Brooks-LaSure, of Virginia, to be Ad-
ministrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid 
Services. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:47 Feb 26, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\RECORD21\FEBRUARY\D22FE1.REC
D22FE1
abonner on DSKJLXR7X2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
 CORRECTION

 -Page 56-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
D141 
February 22, 2021 
Andrea Joan Palm, of Wisconsin, to be Deputy 
Secretary of Health and Human Services. 
Jennifer Ann Abruzzo, of New York, to be Gen-
eral Counsel of the National Labor Relations Board 
for a term of four years. 
James Richard Kvaal, of Massachusetts, to be 
Under Secretary of Education. 
Cynthia Minette Marten, of California, to be Dep-
uty Secretary of Education. 
Deanne Bennett Criswell, of New York, to be Ad-
ministrator of the Federal Emergency Management 
Agency, Department of Homeland Security. 
Richard A. Sauber, of the District of Columbia, to 
be General Counsel, Department of Veterans Affairs. 
26 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 
30 Navy nominations in the rank of admiral. 
Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, Coast 
Guard, Marine Corps, Navy, and Space Force. 
                                                                                      Pages S775–92 
Messages from the House:                                  Page S770 
Additional Cosponsors:                                 Pages S771–72 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                      Pages S772–75 
Additional Statements: 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:           Page S775 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. 
(Total—60)                                                                     Page S760 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-
journed at 6:18 p.m., until 10:30 a.m. on Tuesday, 
February 23, 2021. (For Senate’s program, see the re-
marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on 
page S775.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Armed Services: On Thursday, February 
11, 2021, Committee ordered favorably reported an 
original resolution authorizing expenditures by the 
committee and rules of procedure for the 117th Con-
gress. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on the Judiciary: On Saturday, February 13, 
2021, Committee ordered favorably reported an 
original resolution authorizing expenditures by the 
committee for the 117th Congress. 
NOMINATION 
Committee on the Judiciary: Committee began consider-
ation of the nomination of Merrick Brian Garland, 
of Maryland, to be Attorney General, Department of 
Justice, after the nominee, who was introduced by 
Senators Van Hollen and Duckworth, testified and 
answered questions in his own behalf, but did not 
complete action thereon. 
Hearing recessed subject to the call and will meet 
again at 10 a.m., on Tuesday, February 23, 2021. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Rules and Administration: Committee or-
dered favorably reported an original resolution enti-
tled, ‘‘Omnibus Committee Funding’’, and rules of 
procedure for the 117th Congress. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 17 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 1192–1,208; and 5 resolutions, H. 
Res. 141–145 were introduced.               Pages H548–H549 
Additional Cosponsors:                                         Page H550 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. 
Select Committee on the Climate Crisis—Ap-
pointment: The Speaker announced her appoint-
ment of the following Members to the Select Com-
mittee on the Climate Crisis: Representative Castor 
(FL), Chair; Representatives Bonamici, Brownley, 
Huffman, McEachin, Levin (CA), Casten, Neguse, 
Escobar, and Graves (LA).                                       Page H541 
Select Committee on the Modernization of Con-
gress—Appointment: The Speaker announced her 
appointment of the following Members to the Select 
Committee on the Modernization of Congress: Rep-
resentative Kilmer, Chair; Representatives Lofgren, 
Cleaver, 
Perlmutter, 
Phillips, 
Williams 
(GA), 
Timmons, Rodney Davis (IL), Latta, Reschenthaler, 
and Van Duyne.                                                            Page H541 
Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Crisis— 
Appointment: The Speaker announced her appoint-
ment of the following Members to the Select Sub-
committee on the Coronavirus Crisis: Representative 
Clyburn of South Carolina, Chair; Representatives 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:51 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D22FE1.REC
D22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 57-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
D142 
February 22, 2021 
Waters, Carolyn B. Maloney (NY), Vela´zquez, Fos-
ter, Raskin, Krishnamoorthi, Scalise, Jordan, Green 
(TN), and Malliotakis.                                              Page H541 
Governing Board of the Office of Congressional 
Ethics—Appointment: The Speaker announced her 
appointment of the following individuals to serve as 
the Governing Board of the Office of Congressional 
Ethics: Nominated by the Speaker after consultation 
with the Minority Leader: Mr. David Skaggs of Col-
orado, Chair; Brigadier General (retired) Belinda 
Pinckney of Virginia; Ms. Karan English, of Arizona; 
and Mr. Mike Barnes of Maryland, alternate. Nomi-
nated by the Minority Leader after consultation with 
the Speaker: Mr. Paul D. Vinovich of the District of 
Columbia, Co-Chair; Mr. Leon Acton of Westmore-
land, Georgia; Ms. Karen L. Haas of Maryland; and 
Mr. Robert Hurt of Virginia, alternate.           Page H541 
Moment of Silence: The House observed a moment 
of silence in remembrance of the over 500,000 
Americans who have passed away from the 
COVID–19 virus.                                                Pages H541–42 
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no Yea and Nay 
votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were 
no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 11:30 a.m. and 
adjourned at 11:35 a.m. 
Committee Meetings 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on the Budget: Full Committee held a mark-
up on a bill to provide for reconciliation pursuant to 
title II of the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget 
for Fiscal Year 2021, S. Con. Res. 5. The bill to pro-
vide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the 
Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 
2021, S. Con. Res. 5 was ordered reported, without 
amendment. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, 
FEBRUARY 23, 2021 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine 
emerging technologies and their impact on national secu-
rity, 9:30 a.m., SD–106. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to 
hold hearings to examine the Semiannual Monetary Policy 
Report to the Congress, 10 a.m., WEBEX. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold hear-
ings to examine the nomination of Debra Anne Haaland, 
of New Mexico, to be Secretary of the Interior, 9:30 a.m., 
SD–366. 
Committee on Finance: to hold hearings to examine the 
nomination of Adewale O. Adeyemo, of California, to be 
Deputy Secretary of the Treasury, 10 a.m., SD–215. 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to 
hold hearings to examine the nomination of Xavier 
Becerra, of California, to be Secretary of Health and 
Human Services, 10 a.m., SD–430. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
with the Committee on Rules and Administration, to 
hold a joint hearing to examine the January 6, 2021 at-
tack on the Capitol, 10 a.m., SD–G50. 
Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine 
the nomination of Merrick Brian Garland, of Maryland, 
to be Attorney General, Department of Justice, 10 a.m., 
SH–216. 
Committee on Rules and Administration: with the Com-
mittee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, 
to hold a joint hearing to examine the January 6, 2021 
attack on the Capitol, 10 a.m., SD–G50. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold hearings to exam-
ine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SD–106. 
House 
Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Financial 
Services and General Government, oversight hearing on 
the Internal Revenue Service, 10 a.m., Webex. 
Committee on Armed Services, Subcommittee on Cyber, 
Innovative Technologies, and Information Systems, hear-
ing entitled ‘‘Innovation Opportunities and Vision for the 
Science and Technology Enterprise’’, 11 a.m., 2118 Ray-
burn and Webex. 
Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, hearing entitled 
‘‘Near-Peer Advancements in Space and Nuclear Weap-
ons’’, 3 p.m., 2118 Rayburn and Webex. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on 
Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Pathway 
to Protection: Expanding Availability of COVID–19 Vac-
cines’’, 10:30 a.m., Webex. 
Committee on Oversight and Reform, Subcommittee on 
Government Operations, hearing entitled ‘‘Revitalizing 
the Federal Workforce’’, 11 a.m., 2154 Rayburn and 
Webex. 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 
803, the ‘‘Colorado Wilderness Act of 2021’’; and H.R. 
5, the ‘‘Equality Act’’, 2 p.m., Webex. 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub-
committee on Water Resources and Environment, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Building Back Better: The Urgent Need for In-
vestment in America’s Wastewater Infrastructure’’, 11 
a.m., 2167 Rayburn and Webex. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:51 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D22FE1.REC
D22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 58-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
D143 
February 22, 2021 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD 
Week of February 23 through February 26, 2021 
Senate Chamber 
On Tuesday, Senate will resume consideration of 
the nomination of Linda Thomas-Greenfield, of Lou-
isiana, to be the Representative of the United States 
of America to the United Nations, with the rank 
and status of the Ambassador, and the Representa-
tive of the United States of America in the Security 
Council of the United Nations, post-cloture, and 
vote on confirmation thereon at 11:30 a.m. 
Following disposition of that nomination of Linda 
Thomas-Greenfield, Senate will vote on the motion 
to invoke cloture on the nomination of Linda Thom-
as-Greenfield, of Louisiana, to be Representative of 
the United States of America to the Sessions of the 
General Assembly of the United Nations during her 
tenure of service as Representative of the United 
States of America to the United Nations. 
At approximately 2:15 p.m., Senate will vote on 
confirmation of the nomination of Thomas J. 
Vilsack, of Iowa, to be Secretary of Agriculture. 
Following disposition of the nomination of Thom-
as J. Vilsack, and if cloture has been invoked on the 
nomination of Linda Thomas-Greenfield, of Lou-
isiana, to be Representative of the United States of 
America to the Sessions of the General Assembly of 
the United Nations during her tenure of service as 
Representative of the United States of America to 
the United Nations, Senate will vote on confirmation 
thereon. 
During the balance of the week, Senate may con-
sider any cleared legislative and executive business. 
Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Armed Services: February 23, to hold hear-
ings to examine emerging technologies and their impact 
on national security, 9:30 a.m., SD–106. 
February 25, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-
amine Department of Defense support to the COVID–19 
response, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Feb-
ruary 23, to hold hearings to examine the Semiannual 
Monetary Policy Report to the Congress, 10 a.m., 
WEBEX. 
February 25, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-
amine the coronavirus crisis, focusing on next steps for 
rebuilding Main Street, 9:30 a.m., WEBEX. 
Committee on the Budget: February 24, business meeting 
to consider the nomination of Neera Tanden, of Massa-
chusetts, to be Director of the Office of Management and 
Budget, Time to be announced, S–207, Capitol. 
February 25, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-
amine poverty wages at large profitable corporations, 
10:15 a.m., SD–608. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Feb-
ruary 25, business meeting to consider subcommittee as-
signments, 10 a.m., SD–106. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: February 23, 
to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Debra 
Anne Haaland, of New Mexico, to be Secretary of the In-
terior, 9:30 a.m., SD–366. 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: February 24, 
to hold hearings to examine investing in transportation 
while addressing climate change, improving equity, and 
fostering economic growth and innovation, 10:15 a.m., 
SD–G50. 
Committee on Finance: February 23, to hold hearings to 
examine the nomination of Adewale O. Adeyemo, of Cali-
fornia, to be Deputy Secretary of the Treasury, 10 a.m., 
SD–215. 
February 24, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-
amine the nomination of Xavier Becerra, of California, to 
be Secretary of Health and Human Services, 2 p.m., 
SD–106. 
February 25, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-
amine the nomination of Katherine C. Tai, of the District 
of Columbia, to be United States Trade Representative, 
with the rank of Ambassador, 10 a.m., SD–215. 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Feb-
ruary 23, to hold hearings to examine the nomination of 
Xavier Becerra, of California, to be Secretary of Health 
and Human Services, 10 a.m., SD–430. 
February 25, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-
amine the nominations of Vivek Hallegere Murthy, of 
Florida, to be Medical Director in the Regular Corps of 
the Public Health Service, and to be Surgeon General of 
the Public Health Service, and Rachel Leland Levine, of 
Pennsylvania, to be an Assistant Secretary, both of the 
Department of Health and Human Services, 10 a.m., 
SH–216. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
February 23, with the Committee on Rules and Adminis-
tration, to hold a joint hearing to examine the January 
6, 2021 attack on the Capitol, 10 a.m., SD–G50. 
February 24, Full Committee, business meeting to con-
sider the nomination of Neera Tanden, of Massachusetts, 
to be Director of the Office of Management and Budget, 
and committee rules of procedure for the 117th Congress, 
10 a.m., SD–342. 
Committee on Indian Affairs: February 24, to hold hear-
ings to examine native communities’ priorities in focus 
for the 117th Congress, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. 
Committee on the Judiciary: February 23, to hold hearings 
to examine the nomination of Merrick Brian Garland, of 
Maryland, to be Attorney General, Department of Justice, 
10 a.m., SH–216. 
Committee on Rules and Administration: February 23, with 
the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental 
Affairs, to hold a joint hearing to examine the January 
6, 2021 attack on the Capitol, 10 a.m., SD–G50. 
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: Feb-
ruary 24, business meeting to consider the nomination of 
Isabella Casillas Guzman, of California, to be Adminis-
trator of the Small Business Administration, 2:30 p.m., 
SD–215. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:51 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00004
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D22FE1.REC
D22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 59-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
D144 
February 22, 2021 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: February 24, to hold 
hearings to examine vaccines for vets, focusing on ending 
the COVID–19 pandemic, 4 p.m., SD–G50. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: February 23, to hold 
hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 
p.m., SD–106. 
February 24, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-
amine the nomination of William Joseph Burns, of Mary-
land, to be Director of the Central Intelligence Agency; 
to be immediately followed by a closed hearing in 
SVC–217, 10 a.m., SR–301. 
House Committees 
Committee on Agriculture, February 25, Full Committee, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Climate Change and the U.S. Agri-
culture and Forestry Sectors’’, 12:30 p.m., 1300 Long-
worth and Webex. 
Committee on Appropriations, February 24, Subcommittee 
on Defense, hearing entitled ‘‘Future Defense Spending’’, 
9:30 a.m., Webex. 
February 24, Subcommittee on Financial Services and 
General Government, budget hearing on the Judiciary, 10 
a.m., Webex. 
February 24, Subcommittee on the Departments of 
Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Re-
lated Agencies, hearing entitled ‘‘Ready or Not: U.S. 
Public Health Infrastructure’’, 10 a.m., Webex. 
February 24, Subcommittee on Legislative Branch, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Health and Wellness of Employees and 
State of Damage and Preservation as a Result of the Janu-
ary 6 Insurrection’’, 10 a.m., Webex. 
February 25, Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural De-
velopment, Food and Drug Administration, and Related 
Agencies, oversight hearing on the Office of Inspector 
General, Department of Agriculture, 10 a.m., Webex. 
February 25, Subcommittee on Legislative Branch, 
hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Capitol Police and House Sergeant 
at Arms, Security Failures on January 6’’, 10 a.m., 
Webex. 
February 25, Subcommittee on Energy and Water De-
velopment, and Related Agencies, hearing entitled ‘‘Strat-
egies for Energy and Climate Innovation’’, 2 p.m., 
Webex. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, February 24, Sub-
committee on Communications and Technology, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Fanning the Flames: Disinformation and Extre-
mism in the Media’’, 12:30 p.m., Webex. 
Committee on Ethics, February 25, Full Committee, orga-
nizational meeting, 3 p.m., 1015 Longworth and Webex. 
Committee on Financial Services, February 24, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Monetary Policy and the State 
of the Economy’’, 10 a.m., Webex. 
February 24, Subcommittee on Oversight and Inves-
tigations, hearing entitled ‘‘How Invidious Discrimina-
tion Works and Hurts: An Examination of Lending Dis-
crimination and Its Long-term Economic Impacts on Bor-
rowers of Color’’, 3 p.m., Webex. 
February 25, Subcommittee on National Security, 
International Development, and Monetary Policy, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Dollars against Democracy: Domestic Terrorist 
Financing in the Aftermath of Insurrection’’, 10 a.m., 
Webex. 
February 25, Subcommittee on Investor Protection, En-
trepreneurship and Capital Markets, hearing entitled 
‘‘The Challenge of Our Time: Climate Change, the Cap-
ital Markets, and Sustainable Investment’’, 2 p.m., 
Webex. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, February 24, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘America Forward: Restoring Di-
plomacy and Development in a Fracturing World’’, 1:30 
p.m., Webex. 
February 25, Full Committee, markup on legislation 
on Department of State Authorization Act of 2021; legis-
lation on Cyber Diplomacy Act; H. Res. 124, supporting 
the people of Belarus and their democratic aspirations and 
condemning the election rigging and subsequent violent 
crackdowns on peaceful protesters by the illegitimate 
Lukashenka regime; H.R. 241, the ‘‘Tropical Forest and 
Coral Reef Conservation Act of 2021’’; legislation on 
Trans-Sahara Counterterrorism Partnership Act; legisla-
tion on condemning the continued violation of rights and 
freedoms of the people of Hong Kong by the People’s 
Republic of China and the Government of the Hong 
Kong Special Administrative Region; legislation on con-
demning the military coup that took place on February 
1, 2021, in Burma and the Burmese military detention 
of civilian leaders, calling for the release of all those de-
tained and for those elected to serve in Parliament to re-
sume their duties, and for other purposes; legislation on 
Protect Democracy in Burma Act of 2021; legislation on 
reaffirming the importance of upholding democracy, 
human rights, and the rule of law in United States for-
eign policy; and legislation on emphasizing the impor-
tance and interdependence of diplomacy and international 
development to American interests and national security, 
10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn and Webex. 
Committee on Homeland Security, February 24, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Confronting the Coronavirus: 
Perspectives on the COVID–19 Pandemic One Year 
Later’’, 9:30 a.m., Webex. 
Committee on House Administration, February 25, Full 
Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Strengthening American 
Democracy’’, 4 p.m., Webex. 
Committee on the Judiciary, February 24, Subcommittee 
on Courts, Intellectual Property, and the Internet, hearing 
entitled ‘‘The Need for New Lower Court Judgeships, 30 
Years in the Making’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn and 
Webex. 
February 24, Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, and 
Homeland Security, hearing entitled ‘‘The Rise of Do-
mestic Terrorism in America’’, 2 p.m., 2141 Rayburn and 
Webex. 
February 25, Subcommittee on Antitrust, Commercial, 
and Administrative Law, hearing entitled ‘‘Reviving 
Competition, Part 1: Proposals to Address Gatekeeper 
Power and Lower Barriers to Entry Online’’, 10 a.m., 
2141 Rayburn and Webex. 
Committee on Oversight and Reform, February 24, Full 
Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Legislative Proposals to Put 
the Postal Service on Sustainable Financial Footing’’, 10 
a.m., 2154 Rayburn and Webex. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:51 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00005
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D22FE1.REC
D22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 60-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
D145 
February 22, 2021 
February 26, Full Committee; and Full Committee of 
the House Committee on Homeland Security, joint hear-
ing entitled ‘‘Weathering the Storm: The Role of Private 
Tech in the SolarWinds Breach and the Ongoing Cam-
paign’’, 9 a.m., Webex. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, February 25, 
Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Building Back the 
U.S. Research Enterprise: COVID Impacts and Recovery’’, 
10 a.m., Webex. 
Committee on Small Business, February 24, Subcommittee 
on Oversight, Investigations, and Regulations, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Perspectives from Main Street: Raising the 
Wage’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn and Webex. 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, February 
24, Subcommittee on Highways and Transit, hearing en-
titled ‘‘Examining Equity in Transportation Safety En-
forcement’’, 11 a.m., 2167 Rayburn and Webex. 
Committee on Ways and Means, February 26, Sub-
committee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘The Path For-
ward on COVID–19 Immunizations’’, 2 p.m., Webex. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:51 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00006
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D22FE1.REC
D22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 61-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional Record
The Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each House
of Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, United
States Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶ Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶ To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO
63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶ Following
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶ With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record.
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.
U
N
U
M
E
P
LU
RI
B
U
S
D146 
February 22, 2021 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
10:30 a.m., Tuesday, February 23 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will resume consideration 
of the nomination of Linda Thomas-Greenfield, of Lou-
isiana, to be the Representative of the United States of 
America to the United Nations, with the rank and status 
of the Ambassador, and the Representative of the United 
States of America in the Security Council of the United 
Nations, post-cloture, and vote on confirmation thereon 
at 11:30 a.m. 
Following disposition of that nomination of Linda 
Thomas-Greenfield, Senate will vote on the motion to in-
voke cloture on the nomination of Linda Thomas-Green-
field, of Louisiana, to be Representative of the United 
States of America to the Sessions of the General Assembly 
of the United Nations during her tenure of service as 
Representative of the United States of America to the 
United Nations. 
At approximately 2:15 p.m., Senate will vote on con-
firmation of the nomination of Thomas J. Vilsack, of 
Iowa, to be Secretary of Agriculture. 
Following disposition of the nomination of Thomas J. 
Vilsack, and if cloture has been invoked on the nomina-
tion of Linda Thomas-Greenfield, of Louisiana, to be Rep-
resentative of the United States of America to the Ses-
sions of the General Assembly of the United Nations dur-
ing her tenure of service as Representative of the United 
States of America to the United Nations, Senate will vote 
on confirmation thereon. 
(Senate will recess following the vote on the motion to invoke 
cloture on the nomination of Linda Thomas-Greenfield until 
2:15 p.m. for their respective party conferences.) 
Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
2 p.m., Tuesday, February 23 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of measures 
under suspension of the Rules. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Aderholt, Robert B., Ala., E149 
Butterfield, G.K., N.C., E150 
Courtney, Joe, Conn., E149 
Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E151 
Johnson, Dusty, S. Dak., E150 
Langevin, James R., R.I., E149 
Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, 
E150 
Panetta, Jimmy, Calif., E149 
Trahan, Lori, Mass., E150 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:51 Feb 23, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00007
Fmt 0664
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D22FE1.REC
D22FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 62-
