Congressional Record
U
N
U
M
E
P
LU
RI
B
U
S
United States
of America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 117th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
b This symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b 1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.
H7719 
Vol. 168 
WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, AUGUST 23, 2022 
No. 138 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-
pore (Mr. BUTTERFIELD). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-
nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON, DC. 
August 23, 2022. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable G. K. 
BUTTERFIELD to act as Speaker pro tempore 
on this day. 
NANCY PELOSI, 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Margaret 
Grun Kibben, offered the following 
prayer: 
On this day, O God, we call upon You. 
May our prayers rise like incense to 
You, the lifting up of our hearts and 
hands be like an acceptable sacrifice. 
Come quickly to us. Hear our voices 
as we appeal to You. We offer to You 
our innermost thoughts, our heartfelt 
desires, our looming concerns, and our 
deepest hopes. Receive them all into 
Your grace. 
Then redeem us, we who strive to be 
the people You desire us to be into the 
people You desire us to be. May our 
service be well-pleasing to You. 
In all that we do and all that we say, 
look down with mercy upon us and re-
ceive with appreciation our most hum-
ble offerings. Transform our most fee-
ble attempts to do the right thing, to 
the right thing to do. 
We yield our whole selves to You this 
day, that You would use us to succeed 
in the work You set before us and to 
live into the responsibilities You have 
laid upon us. May Your will be done 
here in this place. And may You be glo-
rified in our lives. 
We offer our prayers in the power of 
Your most holy name. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 2 of House Resolution 
1289, the Journal of the last day’s pro-
ceedings is approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will lead the House in the Pledge 
of Allegiance. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-
lic for which it stands, one nation under God, 
indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 4 of rule I, the following 
enrolled bill was signed by Speaker pro 
tempore BEYER on Monday, August 22, 
2022: 
S. 4458, to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to improve the process by 
which the Secretary of Veterans Af-
fairs 
determines 
whether 
an 
edu-
cational 
institution 
meets 
require-
ments relating to the percentage of 
students who receive educational as-
sistance furnished by the Secretary, 
and for other purposes. 
f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILL SIGNED 
The Speaker pro tempore, Mr. BEYER, 
on Monday, August 22, 2022, announced 
his signature to an enrolled bill of the 
Senate of the following title: 
S. 4458.—An act to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to improve the process by which 
the Secretary of Veterans Affairs determines 
whether an educational institution meets re-
quirements relating to the percentage of stu-
dents who receive educational assistance fur-
nished by the Secretary, and for other pur-
poses. 
ADJOURNMENT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 1 of House Resolution 
1230, the House stands adjourned until 
10 a.m. on Friday, August 26, 2022. 
Thereupon (at 10 o’clock and 3 min-
utes a.m.), under its previous order, the 
House adjourned until, Friday, August 
26, 2022, at 10 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the 
Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
EC–5104. A letter from the Assistant Sec-
retary for Legislation, Department of Health 
and Human Services, transmitting the an-
nual report on mining safety technology; to 
the Committee on Education and Labor. 
EC–5105. A letter from the Assistant Legal 
Adviser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Depart-
ment of State, transmitting reports con-
cerning international agreements other than 
treaties entered into by the United States to 
be transmitted to the Congress within the 
sixty-day period specified in the Case-Za-
blocki Act, pursuant to 1 U.S.C. 112b(a); Pub-
lic Law 92-403, Sec. 1(a) (as amended by Pub-
lic Law 108-458, Sec. 7121(b)); (118 Stat. 3807); 
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
EC–5106. A letter from the Attorney Advi-
sor, FAA, Department of Transportation, 
transmitting a notification of a nomination, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105- 
277, Sec. 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the 
Committee on Oversight and Reform. 
EC–5107. A letter from the Attorney-Advi-
sor, FHA, Department of Transportation, 
transmitting a notification of a nomination, 
and a change in previously submitted re-
ported information, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
3349(a); Public Law 105-277, Sec. 151(b); (112 
Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Over-
sight and Reform. 
EC–5108. A letter from the Associate Gen-
eral Counsel for General Law, Immigration 
and Customs Enforcement, U.S. Department 
of Homeland Security, transmitting a notifi-
cation of an action on nomination, pursuant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:01 Aug 24, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A23AU7.000
H23AUPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE
® 
Pdnted on recycled papfil 

 -Page 0-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H7720 
August 23, 2022 
to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, Sec. 
151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee 
on Oversight and Reform. 
EC–5109. A letter from the Acting Commis-
sioner, 
Social 
Security 
Administration, 
transmitting a letter stating that after re-
viewing financial assistance programs, it was 
determined that the Administration does not 
administer financial assistance programs for 
infrastructure as defined under the Infra-
structure Investment and Jobs Act; to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure. 
EC–5110. A letter from the Secretary, De-
partment of the Treasury, transmitting a 
letter on the benefits of the Inflation Reduc-
tion Act of 2022; to the Committee on Ways 
and Means. 
EC–5111. A letter from the Deputy Inspec-
tor General for Audit Services, Department 
of Health and Human Services, transmitting 
a Review of Medicare Administrative Con-
tractor Information Security Program Eval-
uations for Fiscal Year 2021, pursuant to 42 
U.S.C. 1395kk-1(e)(2)(C)(ii); Aug. 14, 1935, ch. 
531, title XVIII, Sec. 1874A(e)(2)(C)(ii) (as 
amended by Public Law 108-173, Sec. 912(a)); 
(117 Stat. 2388); jointly to the Committees on 
Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following 
titles were introduced and severally re-
ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. CASTEN (for himself, Mr. 
KRISHNAMOORTHI, Ms. BONAMICI, Mr. 
LEVIN of California, Mr. SOTO, and 
Mr. TONKO): 
H.R. 8738. A bill to require Transmission 
Organizations allow bids from aggregators of 
certain retail customers, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-
merce. 
By Mr. CURTIS (for himself and Mr. 
PETERS): 
H.R. 8739. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Commerce to submit to Congress a report on 
the protection of consumer information in 
the possession of United States companies 
operating in Hong Kong and requests issued 
by the Government of Hong Kong to such 
companies for consumer information, con-
tent takedowns, or law enforcement assist-
ance; to the Committee on Energy and Com-
merce, and in addition to the Committee on 
Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subse-
quently determined by the Speaker, in each 
case for consideration of such provisions as 
fall within the jurisdiction of the committee 
concerned. 
By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York: 
H.R. 8740. A bill to establish reasonable 
controls on firearms manufacturers and im-
porters, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York: 
H.R. 8741. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to impose a tax on the 
total revenue of manufacturers and import-
ers of semi-automatic assault weapons; to 
the Committee on Ways and Means, and in 
addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, 
for a period to be subsequently determined 
by the Speaker, in each case for consider-
ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-
risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. MEUSER (for himself, Mr. 
WEBER of Texas, Mr. DONALDS, and 
Mr. GARBARINO): 
H.R. 8742. A bill to ensure that employees 
of the Internal Revenue Service are brought 
back to their offices until the backlog of 2020 
tax returns has been eliminated; to the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H.R. 8743. A bill to amend the Congres-
sional Accountability Act of 1995 to provide 
enhanced enforcement authority for occupa-
tional safety and health protections applica-
ble to the legislative branch, to provide 
whistleblower protections and other anti-
discrimination protections for employees of 
the legislative branch, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on House Adminis-
tration, and in addition to the Committees 
on Education and Labor, and the Judiciary, 
for a period to be subsequently determined 
by the Speaker, in each case for consider-
ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-
risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. GOSAR (for himself, Mr. VAN 
DREW, Mr. HARRIS, Mrs. BOEBERT, Mr. 
NORMAN, Mr. LAMALFA, Mr. GOODEN 
of Texas, Mr. GOOD of Virginia, Mr. 
GOHMERT, and Mr. TIFFANY): 
H. Res. 1325. A resolution of inquiry re-
questing the President and directing Attor-
ney General Merrick B. Garland to transmit, 
respectively, a copy of the affidavit to the 
House of Representatives related to the raid 
on the former President; to the Committee 
on the Judiciary. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-
tives, the following statements are sub-
mitted regarding the specific powers 
granted to Congress in the Constitu-
tion to enact the accompanying bill or 
joint resolution. 
By Mr. CASTEN: 
H.R. 8738. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
Constitution 
By Mr. CURTIS: 
H.R. 8739. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8 
By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York: 
H.R. 8740. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
U.S. Const., Art. I, Sec. 8 
By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York: 
H.R. 8741. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
U.S. Const., Art. I, Sec. 8 
By Mr. MEUSER: 
H.R. 8742. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H.R. 8743. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the 
Constitution. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-
tions, as follows: 
H.R. 336: Ms. SCANLON. 
H.R. 1219: Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. 
H.R. 1282: Mr. VARGAS. 
H.R. 1304: Mr. SOTO and Mr. MOONEY. 
H.R. 1655: Mr. AGUILAR and Ms. DEAN. 
H.R. 1696: Ms. DEAN. 
H.R. 1746: Mr. CRENSHAW. 
H.R. 2050: Mr. CA´ RDENAS and Mr. CARSON. 
H.R. 2144: Mr. BOWMAN. 
H.R. 2252: Mr. SWALWELL, Mr. PAPPAS, Ms. 
TITUS, and Ms. MOORE of Wisconsin. 
H.R. 2447: Mr. KAHELE. 
H.R. 2517: Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. 
H.R. 2549: Ms. DAVIDS of Kansas and Mr. 
GALLEGO. 
H.R. 2864: Mr. OWENS and Ms. NORTON. 
H.R. 3281: Mr. FLOOD. 
H.R. 3369: Mr. VALADAO. 
H.R. 3405: Mr. MOONEY. 
H.R. 3510: Ms. JAYAPAL. 
H.R. 3554: Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. 
H.R. 3611: Ms. CLARKE of New York. 
H.R. 3832: Mr. AGUILAR. 
H.R. 3836: Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mrs. 
CHERFILUS-MCCORMICK, Ms. OMAR, and Ms. 
BLUNT ROCHESTER. 
H.R. 3847: Mr. FALLON. 
H.R. 3860: Mr. DONALDS and Mr. WALBERG. 
H.R. 3932: Mrs. MCBATH and Mr. VALADAO. 
H.R. 4141: Ms. PORTER. 
H.R. 4436: Mr. BISHOP
of Georgia, Mr. 
KRISHNAMOORTHI, Mr. GRIJALVA, Mr. SUOZZI, 
Mr. LANGEVIN, Mr. SCHIFF, Mr. RASKIN, and 
Mr. LAWSON of Florida. 
H.R. 
4587: 
Mr. 
BLUMENAUER
and 
Mr. 
MEUSER. 
H.R. 4938: Mr. MRVAN. 
H.R. 5041: Mrs. NAPOLITANO. 
H.R. 5140: Ms. DELBENE. 
H.R. 5244: Mr. JONES, Mr. PASCRELL, Mr. 
KELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. LAWSON of Flor-
ida, Mrs. HAYES, and Mr. STEUBE. 
H.R. 5684: Mr. CASTEN. 
H.R. 5685: Mr. LAWSON of Florida. 
H.R. 5735: Ms. LEE of California. 
H.R. 6117: Mr. JEFFRIES, Mrs. TORRES of 
California, Mr. HIMES, and Mr. KILMER. 
H.R. 6405: Mr. DEUTCH. 
H.R. 6537: Ms. ADAMS. 
H.R. 6589: Ms. ADAMS. 
H.R. 6970: Mr. PALAZZO. 
H.R. 7177: Mr. AGUILAR. 
H.R. 7213: Mr. PETERS and Ms. SEWELL. 
H.R. 7223: Mr. CLINE. 
H.R. 7285: Mrs. LESKO. 
H.R. 7382: Mr. AGUILAR and Mr. VARGAS. 
H.R. 7559: Ms. DEGETTE and Mr. VALADAO. 
H.R. 7602: Ms. SLOTKIN. 
H.R. 7644: Mr. GOTTHEIMER and Ms. ADAMS. 
H.R. 7829: Mr. KIM of New Jersey. 
H.R. 8058: Mr. KILDEE. 
H.R. 8182: Ms. ADAMS. 
H.R. 8219: Mr. CLINE. 
H.R. 8259: Mr. FERGUSON. 
H.R. 8330: Mr. CASTEN. 
H.R. 8332: Mr. MOONEY. 
H.R. 8384: Mr. FERGUSON. 
H.R. 8450: Mr. BOWMAN, Mr. ESPAILLAT, and 
Mr. MFUME. 
H.R. 8507: Mr. STEUBE. 
H.R. 8561: Mr. GARCIA of California, Mr. 
DONALDS, Mr. GOSAR, Mr. GOOD of Virginia, 
and Mr. WEBER of Texas. 
H.R. 8568: Mr. BUCK. 
H.R. 8581: Mr. FERGUSON. 
H.R. 8654: Mr. KILMER. 
H.R. 8681: Ms. TITUS, Ms. ADAMS, Mr. 
COHEN, Mr. VARGAS, and Mr. LEVIN of Michi-
gan. 
H.R. 8685: Mr. SMITH of Washington, Mr. 
RASKIN, Mr. KEATING, Mr. LANGEVIN, Ms. 
DEGETTE, Ms. MENG, Mr. DAVID SCOTT of 
Georgia, Mr. BERA, Ms. MOORE of Wisconsin, 
and Mr. AUCHINCLOSS. 
H.R. 8705: Mr. BENTZ. 
H.R. 8729: Mr. BISHOP of North Carolina. 
H.R. 8731: Mrs. BOEBERT, Mr. GOSAR, Mr. 
BANKS, and Mr. JACKSON. 
H. Con. Res. 12: Mr. MOONEY. 
H. Con. Res. 33: Mr. CLYDE and Mr. FLOOD. 
H. Con. Res. 39: Mr. BLUMENAUER. 
H. Con. Res. 40: Ms. LOFGREN. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
00:06 Aug 24, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\L23AU7.000
H23AUPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 1-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H7721 
August 23, 2022 
H. Con. Res. 65: Mr. MOONEY, Mr. SESSIONS, 
and Ms. ADAMS. 
H. Res. 209: Mr. MOONEY. 
H. Res. 404: Ms. WEXTON and Mr. COSTA. 
H. Res. 1155: Mrs. DEMINGS. 
f 
PETITIONS, ETC. 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, petitions 
and papers were laid on the clerk’s 
desk and referred as follows: 
PT-140. The SPEAKER presented a petition 
of the Board of Supervisors of the City and 
County of San Francisco, CA, relative to 
Resolution No. 344-22, urging public service 
employees to apply for student loan forgive-
ness through the Public Service Loan For-
giveness program and further urging the 
Federal Government to cancel all student 
debt; to the Committee on Education and 
Labor. 
PT-141. Also, a petition of the Board of Su-
pervisors of the City and County of San 
Francisco, CA, relative to Resolution No. 
319-22, urging the Honorable Gavin Newsom, 
Governor of California, to grant Salesh 
Prasad, a full pardon to allow him to remain 
in the United States with his family and to 
continue contributing to his community; to 
the Committee on the Judiciary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
00:06 Aug 24, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A23AU7.003
H23AUPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 2-
Congressional Record
U
N
U
M
E
P
LU
RI
B
U
S
United States
of America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 117th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.
S4409 
Vol. 168 
WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, AUGUST 23, 2022 
No. 138 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10:32 and 40 sec-
onds a.m. and was called to order by 
the Honorable THOMAS R. CARPER, a 
Senator from the State of Delaware. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING 
PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE 
The 
PRESIDING 
OFFICER. 
The 
clerk will please read a communication 
to the Senate from the President pro 
tempore (Mr. LEAHY). 
The legislative clerk read the fol-
lowing letter: 
U.S. SENATE, 
PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE, 
Washington, DC, August 23, 2022. 
To the Senate: 
Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, 
of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby 
appoint the Honorable THOMAS R. CARPER, a 
Senator from the State of Delaware, to per-
form the duties of the Chair. 
PATRICK J. LEAHY, 
President pro tempore. 
Mr. CARPER thereupon assumed the 
Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL FRIDAY, 
AUGUST 26, 2022, AT 10 A.M. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Under the previous order, the 
Senate stands adjourned until 10 a.m. 
on Friday, August 26, 2022. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 10:33 and 15 
seconds a.m., adjourned until Friday, 
August 26, 2022, at 10 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
00:00 Aug 24, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A23AU6.000
S23AUPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE
® 
Pdnted on recycled papfil 

 -Page 3-
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E867 
August 23, 2022 
HONORING THE LIFE OF NANCY 
KAY YOUNG PLACIER 
HON. MARK DeSAULNIER 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Tuesday, August 23, 2022 
Mr. DESAULNIER. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the life of long-time com-
munity member, Nancy Kay Young Placier. 
Nancy was born in 1936 in Modesto, Cali-
fornia, to Jack and Lois Young. She went on 
to graduate from Downey High School and 
later attended Stanislaus Community College. 
In 1963, she married Philip Placier in San 
Francisco, California. Later, she and Phil be-
came adopted parents to their three children, 
David, Tom, and Betsy. 
Throughout her life, Nancy has shown her 
passion for her faith and her dedication to 
service. For 40 years, Nancy volunteered with 
nonprofits such as Peralta Cancer Research 
Institute, Carol Ann Read Breast Health Cen-
ter, and more, helping fundraise for breast 
cancer research and raising awareness about 
the disease. Nancy was also dedicated to her 
faith and was a member of the Presbyterian 
Church for 58 years, even serving as a Sun-
day School teacher and Deacon. 
Sadly, Nancy passed away on January 18, 
2022. Nancy is survived by her husband, Phil, 
her sons, David and Tom, her daughter, 
Betsy, and her grandchildren, Alex, Tyler, Mi-
chael, and Zariyah. She will be deeply missed 
by all who knew her. Please join us in hon-
oring Nancy for her many contributions to our 
community. 
f 
HONORING SHERRI VANNEST 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Tuesday, August 23, 2022 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Madam 
Speaker, I rise today to honor Sherri Vannest 
in recognition of her 31-year career dedicated 
to public safety. 
Records and Communications Supervisor 
Sherri Vannest joined the Clearlake Police De-
partment in 1991. In the Department, she 
served as an Office Assistant, Confidential 
Secretary and Secretary to the Chief of Police. 
During the Great Recession in 2009, Sherri 
was laid off, but undeterred in her desire to 
serve, she returned in 2010 to the Clearlake 
Police Department as a dispatcher. She went 
on to earn her Dispatcher Basic, Intermediate 
and Advanced certificates from the California 
Commission on Peace Officer Standards and 
Training. In 2014, Sherri was promoted to the 
position of Records and Communications Su-
pervisor. 
Sherri has also taken on other important as-
signments throughout her career. As a notary 
public and proctor for the Police Officer Stand-
ards and Training (POST) entry level testing 
for dispatchers and police officers, she was di-
rectly involved in the hiring of the many people 
who have served the agency. Sherri managed 
numerous grants, including the Bulletproof 
Vest Partnership grant, which has helped 
make our officers safer in instances of gun vi-
olence. As the de-facto technology coordi-
nator, Sherri kept the computers running and 
ensured personnel were knowledgeable and 
supported in their use. 
Sherri took a lead role in the department’s 
transition into a state-funded 9–1–1 public 
safety answering point, which brought the 
level of 9–1–1 service and accessibility to the 
standard enjoyed elsewhere in the state. 
Sherri has been a consistent and strong advo-
cate for the dispatchers she leads. 
Sherri decided to enter a much-deserved re-
tirement on August 5, 2022, so she could 
spend more time with her family and working 
on her farm. She will be remembered for her 
considerable amount of service to the public. 
Madam Speaker, it is evident that Sherri 
Vannest has worked endlessly to serve and 
support safety within the community of 
Clearlake. Therefore, it is fitting and proper 
that we honor her here today. 
f 
HONORING PASTOR KEN AND 
WANDA SWETT 
HON. JOSH HARDER 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Tuesday, August 23, 2022 
Mr. HARDER of California. Madam Speaker, 
I rise today to honor the extraordinary work 
done by Pastor Ken and Wanda Swett of Mo-
desto, California. For decades, the Swetts 
have been pillars of Modesto’s community and 
have touched countless lives through their 
work at Foursquare Church. 
For the past 43 years, Pastor Ken has been 
involved in Foursquare Church’s ministry. 
From working as a youth pastor in San Jose 
and Santa Fe Springs to spending the last 32 
years as a senior pastor in Modesto, Ken has 
been a constant and inspirational figure in the 
Central Valley. Pastor Ken has never been 
one to back away from a challenge as exem-
plified through his work in Mexico, Costa Rica, 
the Philippines, and Thailand. Throughout 
these adventures, Wanda has been by Ken’s 
side and has, through her work in education 
and women’s ministries, positively impacted 
the community in her own right. 
In addition to their remarkable work in the 
community and around the world, the Swetts 
have also built an incredible family. Their 45 
years of marriage have led to three daughters, 
ten grandchildren, and countless memories 
with their loved ones. Today, Ken and Wanda 
relish their downtime by being in the company 
of their family, rooting for their beloved Green 
Bay Packers and watching their grandson 
Zachariah compete in local rodeos. 
Individuals like the Swetts exemplify how, 
through dedicated service to others, each and 
every one of us can have a profound impact 
on our communities. I commend the lifelong 
work done by Pastor Ken and Wanda Swett 
and congratulate them on their extraordinary 
careers. 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF JACK 
BROADBENT 
HON. MARK DeSAULNIER 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Tuesday, August 23, 2022 
Mr. DESAULNIER. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the contributions of Jack 
Broadbent to our Nation, our environment, and 
our community upon his retirement from the 
Bay Area Air Quality Management District. 
Over the years, Jack accrued extensive ex-
perience in environmental policy and adminis-
tration. He earned his master’s degree in envi-
ronmental administration from UC Riverside. 
Jack previously served as Deputy Executive 
Officer of the South Coast Air Quality Manage-
ment District where he directed multiple land-
mark programs to help improve air quality in 
the Los Angeles area. Jack later went on to 
serve as Air Division Director at the United 
States 
Environmental 
Protection 
Agency 
(EPA), Region IX. He also had prior experi-
ence working in the private sector as an envi-
ronmental programs manager for Hughes Air-
craft Company which is the largest private em-
ployer in the state. 
Starting in 2004, Jack served as the Execu-
tive Officer/Air Pollution Control Officer for the 
Bay Area Air Quality Management District. 
Under Jack’s leadership, the Air District devel-
oped innovative strategies to improve air qual-
ity and to foster a healthier environment in the 
Bay Area. Under Jack’s direction, the Air Dis-
trict was responsible for managing indoor air 
quality and radiation programs for the Pacific 
Southwest as well as ensuring proper imple-
mentation of the Clean Air Act. The Bay Area 
Air Quality Management District is one of the 
most esteemed air quality management agen-
cies in the Nation thanks in part to Jack’s 
dedication and hard work. 
We thank Jack for his diligence and passion 
for protecting our environment. Please join me 
in congratulating Jack on his retirement and 
honoring him for his more than 18 years of 
service as head of the Air District. 
f 
HONORING EAGLE SCOUT JOHN 
CHRISTOPHER BONNER 
HON. KAT CAMMACK 
OF FLORIDA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Tuesday, August 23, 2022 
Mrs. CAMMACK. Madam Speaker, on be-
half of Florida’s Third Congressional District, 
we honor Eagle Scout John Christopher Bon-
ner, who achieved the prestigious rank of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:16 Aug 24, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A23AU8.001
E23AUPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 4-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E868 
August 23, 2022 
Eagle Scout on March 14, 2022. As a member 
of Boy Scout Troop 72, John has dedicated 
over 10 years of his life to serving in his local 
troop and making the greater Marion County 
community a better place to live, work, and 
play. 
To earn the prestigious rank of Eagle Scout, 
John completed 36 merit badges requiring him 
to demonstrate knowledge of and expertise in 
various life skills, served in troop leadership 
positions, including Patrol Leader and Assist-
ant Senior Patrol Leader, and planned and ex-
ecuted an Eagle Scout Service Project. For 
his project, John built a large movable snake 
habitat display case for Silver Springs State 
Park, now named the ‘‘Snake Shack.’’ It in-
cluded a large base cart for storage of sup-
plies and the upper display habitat for the 
snake with large viewing windows, with overall 
dimensions 6′ L X 6′ H X 44″ W. This display 
case will be used as an educational exhibit at 
Silver Springs. The Snake Shack was con-
structed 
with 
approximately 
87 
percent 
repurposed material supplied mainly by Silver 
Springs State Park. 
Congratulations to Mr. Bonner, his family, 
and his troop on this prestigious honor. We 
look forward to seeing all of his accomplish-
ments in the future. 
f 
HONORING CASHONEY C. CARTER 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Tuesday, August 23, 2022 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Madam 
Speaker, I rise today to honor a hard-working 
and impactful leader, Ms. Cashoney Carter. 
Ms. Carter has shown what can be done 
through hard work, dedication, and a desire to 
achieve success. 
Ms. Cashoney C. Carter is a former Jeffer-
son County High School graduate with 15 
years of educational experience in the Jeffer-
son County School District. Her past roles in-
clude serving as a teacher, instructional 
coach, and assistant principal. She currently 
leads as the principal of Jefferson County 
Upper Elementary School. She is the proud 
mother of Harley Elizabeth Carter-Varner. 
Ms. Carter has a Bachelor of Arts in Political 
Science from Tougaloo College, a Master of 
Arts in Teaching from Alcorn State University, 
a Master of Education in Curriculum and In-
struction from Strayer University and is cur-
rently pursuing an advanced degree. 
Serving as an educator is a passion for Ms. 
Carter. When asked why she does this impor-
tant work, she replied, ‘‘The work I perform is 
empowered by knowing every scholar under 
my leadership will have a better opportunity to 
succeed in the future through a balanced edu-
cational curriculum. In addition, my work is 
driven by ensuring teachers are prepared and 
equipped to provide the power of education to 
our youth. When teaching and learning occurs, 
success is sure to follow.’’ 
‘‘Ms. Carter is a transformational leader who 
is committed to the success of every child,’’ 
said Adrian Hammitte, Superintendent of Jef-
ferson County School District. ‘‘Under her 
leadership, Jefferson County Upper Elemen-
tary School is projected to earn a C-rating for 
the 2021–2022 school year after receiving an 
F-rating for 4 consecutive years. More impor-
tantly, her teachers, students, and parents 
have fully embraced her vision and call-to-ac-
tion to ‘Raise the B.A.R.’ at the upper elemen-
tary school. Therefore, I can confidently say 
that Ms. Carter is making a difference in our 
school district and will have a lasting impact 
on the boys and girls she leads.’’ 
Madam Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join 
me in recognizing Ms. Cashoney C. Carter for 
her passion and dedication to education in the 
Jefferson County School District. 
f 
BUILD BACK BETTER ACT 
SPEECH OF 
HON. FRANK PALLONE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, August 12, 2022 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I rise in 
support of our historic legislation, the Inflation 
Reduction Act of 2022 (IRA or the Act). The 
Act establishes incentives and actions to re-
duce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and 
other 
forms 
of 
health-harming 
pollution 
throughout every major sector including trans-
portation, 
electricity 
production, 
industrial, 
manufacturing, and buildings while also low-
ering energy costs so Americans across the 
country will see savings. At the same time, the 
Act reinforces the longstanding authority and 
responsibility of the Environmental Protection 
Agency (EPA) to regulate GHGs as air pollut-
ants under the Clean Air Act (CAA). The IRA 
combines new economic incentives to reduce 
climate pollution with bolstered regulatory driv-
ers that will allow EPA to drive further reduc-
tions under its CAA authorities. 
The IRA contains the most important and 
far-reaching amendments to the CAA in more 
than a generation. EPA’s responsibility to ad-
dress GHG air pollution under the CAA is 
long-standing and time tested. By passing the 
IRA, Congress underscores and reinforces 
that responsibility. To the extent the Supreme 
Court has suggested otherwise under the so- 
called ‘‘major questions’’ doctrine, the IRA is 
abundantly clear. 
As Chairman of the Committee on Energy 
and Commerce (the Committee), I would like 
to specifically address the provisions related to 
EPA rulemaking within the Committee’s juris-
diction. These specific provisions include 
those provisions supporting EPA rulemaking to 
address climate change, providing clean en-
ergy incentives that EPA may take into ac-
count in developing regulatory requirements, 
and imposing additional requirements that 
EPA must implement through rulemaking. I am 
proud to say that many of these provisions 
were developed by the Committee, so I would 
like to explain how Congress intends these 
provisions to work, state our intent for EPA ac-
tion under them, and clarify the legislative re-
quirements. 
The IRA is expected to reduce GHG emis-
sions by approximately 40 percent from 2005 
levels by 2030. The Act achieves this objec-
tive in large part by amending the CAA to give 
EPA the authority and funding to collect fees 
on excess methane emissions from the oil and 
gas sector, and to spend tens of billions of 
dollars to provide grants, make assessments, 
conduct monitoring and outreach, provide 
technical assistance, and undertake other ac-
tions to reduce GHG emissions. (See Sections 
60101, 60102, 60103, 60114, and 60201, 
which add new CAA Sections 132, 133, 134, 
137, and 138, respectively). It also provides 
EPA with additional funding to support rule-
making under the CAA to reduce GHG emis-
sions. 
Of particular note, Section 60107, the Low 
Emissions Electricity Program, adds CAA Sec-
tion 135, which directs EPA to conduct an as-
sessment of the reductions in GHG emissions 
that result from changes in domestic electricity 
generation and use that are anticipated to 
occur on an annual basis through fiscal year 
2031. This assessment should take into ac-
count both changes in the carbon intensity of 
electricity generation (including reductions in 
fossil fuel-fired generation and increases in re-
newable and other low- or zero-emitting gen-
eration, including hydrogen), and changes in 
the amount of electricity use (including in-
creases in use due to electrification of mobile 
sources and other beneficial electrification and 
decreases in use due to energy efficiency 
measures). Section 135(a)(6) provides $18 
million for EPA ‘‘to ensure that reductions in 
greenhouse gas emissions are achieved 
through use of the existing authorities of this 
Act,’’ incorporating the assessment under Sec-
tion 135(a)(5). Congress intends for EPA to 
have significant discretion regarding how to in-
corporate the assessment under paragraph (5) 
in its actions under the ‘‘existing authorities.’’ 
These ‘‘existing authorities’’ include CAA 
Section 111 for stationary sources (among 
other provisions), which, since its enactment, 
has provided EPA extensive authority to pro-
mulgate impactful regulations that reduce 
GHGs, from, but not limited to, the electric 
power sector, the industrial sector, and the oil 
and gas sector as well as CAA Section 202 
and other provisions under title II for mobile 
sources. These and other CAA provisions give 
EPA broad authority to address air pollution 
problems, including those that may not have 
been well understood at the time of enact-
ment, and to do so on the basis of novel 
mechanisms as may be appropriate for the air 
pollutant and industry at issue. Congress rec-
ognizes that regulation of GHGs in particular 
may present novel and complex issues that 
may require innovative regulations and the 
enormity of the climate crisis will require that 
the regulations be impactful while adhering to 
statutory requirements. 
In providing additional funding under Section 
60107, Congress intends that EPA construe 
its authority under the existing CAA authorities 
broadly, consistent with the requirements of 
those authorities, so EPA can promulgate 
impactful and innovative regulations, as appro-
priate. Congress believes that EPA has suffi-
cient expertise in the various industries that 
may be affected, including the electric power 
sector, to promulgate these rulemakings. Con-
gress’ understanding that the existing CAA au-
thorities give EPA broad authority to promul-
gate innovative and impactful regulations to 
reduce GHGs is consistent with the additional 
funding that the IRA gives EPA under the CAA 
to issue grants that promote innovative tech-
nology to reduce GHGs. Congress recognizes 
that promulgating and implementing GHG reg-
ulations may be resource-intensive, and the 
additional funding under Section 60107 will 
allow EPA to prioritize these regulations and 
devote the necessary resources to execute 
them. 
EPA is currently undertaking rulemaking 
under CAA Section 111 to regulate methane 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:16 Aug 24, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A23AU8.005
E23AUPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 5-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E869 
August 23, 2022 
from the oil and gas sector and issued a pro-
posed rule in November of 2021. (86 Fed. 
Reg. 63110 (Nov. 15, 2021); hereinafter 
‘‘EPA’s proposed methane standards’’). As 
previously noted, CAA Section 111 is one of 
the ‘‘existing authorities’’ funded by Section 
60107 of this Act. Section 111 is also one of 
the primary tools in the CAA for regulation of 
air pollutants from both new and existing sta-
tionary sources. (See H. Rept. 117–64, at 6 
(footnote 19), 10). 
Section 60113 of the IRA, the Methane 
Emissions Reduction Program, recognizes the 
importance of EPA’s proposed methane stand-
ards and ongoing rulemaking to regulate 
methane from the oil and gas sector. Specifi-
cally, the new CAA Section 136 authorizes the 
Methane Emissions and Waste Production In-
centive Program for Petroleum and Natural 
Gas Systems (the Methane Program), which 
establishes a waste emissions charge for ‘‘ap-
plicable facilities’’ and provides an exemption 
from the waste emissions charge based on 
compliance with EPA’s proposed methane 
standards, if finalized. In including this exemp-
tion, Congress recognizes and reaffirms that 
regulation of methane from both new and ex-
isting oil and gas sources, including those lo-
cated in the production, processing, trans-
mission, and storage segments, is clearly au-
thorized under CAA Section 111. And by ap-
plying the Methane Program to facilities lo-
cated in the production, processing, trans-
mission, and storage segments that would 
also be regulated by EPA’s proposed methane 
standards, Congress recognizes that the regu-
lation of methane emissions from these facili-
ties is necessary for public health and welfare, 
including for climate protection. (See H. Rept. 
117–64, at 3–5). 
As part of the Methane Program, we are es-
tablishing a waste emissions charge exemp-
tion for applicable facilities that are in compli-
ance with applicable emissions standards in 
effect pursuant to CAA Section 111(b) and 
pursuant to plans under CAA Section 111(d). 
The basis for this exemption will be a deter-
mination by the EPA Administrator that certain 
conditions are met before any applicable facil-
ity may qualify. First, the EPA Administrator 
must determine that CAA Sections 111(b) and 
111(d) methane emission standards are in ef-
fect in all States where applicable facilities are 
located. Second, the EPA CAA 111(b) and 
111(d) methane emissions standards must be 
finalized and in effect, and the Administrator 
must determine that those final standards will 
result in equivalent or greater reductions than 
EPA’s proposed methane standards. Once the 
Administrator makes the appropriate deter-
mination, the exemption may be applied to 
any applicable facility subject to and compliant 
with methane standards pursuant to CAA Sec-
tion 111. If any condition is not met after the 
Administrator has made the determination, ap-
plicable facilities will no longer qualify for the 
exemption and will again be subject to the 
charge. 
Notably, the collective emissions from new 
or existing sources at an applicable oil and 
gas facility may be subject to a mix of stand-
ards under CAA Sections 111(b) and 111(d). 
Therefore, to qualify for the exemption, any 
new sources at the applicable facility should 
be in compliance with any applicable new 
source standards, and any existing sources lo-
cated at the applicable facility should be in 
compliance with any applicable standards in a 
plan effective under Section 111(d). 
Another key purpose of the Methane Pro-
gram is to encourage the development of in-
novative technologies in the detection and 
mitigation of methane emissions, particularly 
to support the mitigation of impacts on low-in-
come and disadvantaged communities most 
affected by pollution from oil and gas facilities. 
New CAA Section 136(a) provides funds to 
incentivize methane mitigation and monitoring, 
including to provide financial and technical as-
sistance to reduce methane and other GHG 
emissions from petroleum and natural gas 
systems, mitigate legacy air pollution from pe-
troleum and natural gas systems, and provide 
support for communities. In particular, Section 
136(a)(3)(C) provides funds for supporting in-
novation in reducing methane and other GHG 
emissions 
and 
waste, 
and 
Section 
136(a)(3)(E) provides funds for mitigating 
health effects of methane and other GHG 
emissions and legacy air pollution from petro-
leum and natural gas systems in low-income 
and disadvantaged communities. Additionally, 
new CAA Section 136(a)(2) and Section 
60105(e) of the IRA provide funds for methane 
emissions monitoring under CAA Section 103 
(a) through (c). And new CAA Section 
138(b)(2)(A) provides funds for community-led 
air and other pollution monitoring, prevention, 
and remediation, as well as investments in 
low- and zero-emission and resilient tech-
nologies and related infrastructure and work-
force development that help reduce GHG 
emissions and other air pollutants. 
Finally, EPA’s proposed methane standards 
solicited comment on a program to require 
owners and operators of oil and natural gas 
facilities to investigate and mitigate so-called 
‘‘super-emitter’’ emission events upon notifica-
tion by a community, federal or state agency, 
or other third party of an emission event 
above a defined threshold. The funds provided 
by new CAA Sections 136 and 138 and Sec-
tion 60105(e) of this Act could be implemented 
to support third-party monitoring activities 
using advanced methane detection tech-
nologies consistent with such a program, if fi-
nalized by EPA. 
f 
HONORING REVEREND ANN GRAY 
BYRD 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Tuesday, August 23, 2022 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Madam 
Speaker, I rise today to honor Reverend Ann 
Gray Byrd for her outstanding contributions to 
our community. 
Rev. Byrd was born March 30, 1936, in 
Tatum, Texas. She moved to Santa Rosa in 
1952, where she was one of only three Black 
students at Santa Rosa High School. From a 
young age, she was deeply involved in the 
local chapter of the National Association for 
the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP), 
cofounded by her father. During her 70 years 
living in Santa Rosa, Rev. Byrd went on to 
make an incredible impact in our community 
through her work serving as the President of 
the Santa Rosa-Sonoma NAACP chapter. She 
also served as Sonoma County Chapter Chair 
of the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU). 
In 1992, Rev. Byrd helped to establish and 
served as the Executive Director of the Gray 
Foundation. The Foundation provided over 
$180,000 in scholarships to help low-income 
Sonoma County high school students attend 
college. Rev. Byrd was a founding member of 
the Sonoma County Commission on the Sta-
tus of Women and Sonoma County People for 
Economic Opportunity. Rev. Byrd was the re-
cipient of the 2016 ACLU Jack Green Award 
and multiple NAACP accolades including the 
Legacy Award. She was also recognized with 
a Woman of the Year award by the California 
State Legislature in 2005. 
In addition to her extraordinary public serv-
ice, Rev. Byrd devoted her life to her two chil-
dren, two grandchildren, and four great-grand-
children. She instilled the spirit of activism in 
her family and was proud of young people car-
rying on her legacy by taking to the streets to 
advocate for a better future. Ms. Byrd passed 
away on July 7, 2022, and she will be greatly 
missed by our community. 
Madam Speaker, it is evident that Rev. Ann 
Gray Byrd has left a monumental impact on 
our Santa Rosa community. Therefore, it is fit-
ting and proper that we honor her and her leg-
acy here today. 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF CHRIS 
FARNITANO 
HON. MARK DeSAULNIER 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Tuesday, August 23, 2022 
Mr. DESAULNIER. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the service of long-time 
community leader and Health Officer of Contra 
Costa Health Services, Dr. Chris Farnitano, as 
he enters retirement. 
Chris has dedicated his career to improving 
the lives of others and advancing wellness 
and compassionate care within Contra Costa. 
In 1997, he assisted in the development of the 
Pittsburg Health Center’s HIV Medical Clinic, 
which was the first-of-its-kind in the nation. 
Over the course of more than thirty years, 
Chris served in various leadership roles within 
the Contra Costa Regional Medical Center & 
Health Centers including as Family Medicine 
Department Chair, Director of Ambulatory 
Care, and Assistant Residency Program Direc-
tor. In 2018, Chris began serving as county 
health officer, continuing his commitment to 
provide excellent health care to Contra Costa 
residents. 
Chris’s commitment to promoting public 
health and wellbeing in our community is ap-
parent in all the work he has done. As a part 
of Contra Costa Health Services, Chris has 
led our county’s response to the COVID–19 
pandemic. Chris was instrumental throughout 
the pandemic in helping to minimize the 
spread of the virus within our county and 
countless lives have been saved thanks to 
Chris’ leadership. 
Throughout his career, Chris has been an 
exceptional health care provider to countless 
families and a reliable source of quality infor-
mation and guidance to our office on the pan-
demic. 
Chris’s work has had a significant impact in 
our community and our county admires his 
compassion and dedication. While we will 
miss him, please join me in congratulating 
Chris on his retirement and honoring his more 
than 30 years of service. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:16 Aug 24, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A23AU8.008
E23AUPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 6-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E870 
August 23, 2022 
HONORING BARBARA LYNN 
THOMAS 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Tuesday, August 23, 2022 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Madam 
Speaker, I rise today to honor a remarkable 
individual, Barbara Lynn Thomas. 
Barbara Lynn Thomas was born Barbara 
Parks to the late Booker Parks and Emma 
Parks of Darling, MS. She is the eldest daugh-
ter born to this union. 
Barbara attended school in the Quitman 
County School System, where she graduated 
with honors. She later attended Coahoma Jr. 
College and Hinds Community College, where 
she attained three different degrees while 
working a full-time job and raising her three 
children. She worked at Mississippi Depart-
ment of Corrections, where she retired with 25 
years of service; at the Quitman County 
School system, giving them 21 years of serv-
ice; and simultaneously getting a degree in 
Cosmetology. She would have a 20-hour 
workday but still managed to care for her chil-
dren. That alone shows how driven she is. 
She doesn’t have many jobs to list but be-
lieves that longevity at a job is worth its weight 
in gold. In 2008, she retired from the work-
place at the tender age of 43, knowing that 
she had put in the work. 
What makes this candidate so special is the 
fact that she is a true giver. There have been 
so many community functions where she 
would have events and justsimply give things 
away to those that showed up; ex: at her birth-
day parties, Christmas parties, and at her 
grandchildren’s birthday parties, guests get 
gifted, too. She simply loves gifting and seeing 
the happy faces of the recipients. She now 
uses her creativity in the kitchen and in her 
yard. She states that this is her happy place. 
She is determined to master any task she 
takes on. She is extremely creative in the 
kitchen, whereas she can look at a picture on 
a magazine cover and imitate that dish or des-
sert. She can really inspire you with some de-
lectable dishes. The Quitman County area 
should be proud to have this amazing cook at 
their fingertips. She once told someone that 
she just likes being happy and loves seeing 
the happiness in others from the fruits of her 
labor. 
Madam Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join 
me in recognizing Mrs. Barbara Lynn Thomas 
for her dedication in serving her community. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MR. JACK CLINE 
HON. SHARICE DAVIDS 
OF KANSAS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Tuesday, August 23, 2022 
Ms. DAVIDS of Kansas. Madam Speaker, I 
rise today to recognize Jack Cline, former As-
sociate Vice Chancellor of federal relations at 
the University of Kansas (KU), for his advo-
cacy on behalf of the University and the Uni-
versity of Kansas Medical Center. 
For a decade, Mr. Cline served as a tire-
less, dependable, and admired advocate of 
the educational and research enterprise in 
Kansas. As he begins his new role as Vice 
President for federal relations at Northeastern 
University in Boston, I can only express grati-
tude for Mr. Cline. 
Mr. Cline was recognized for his hard work 
last year when he was named a ‘‘Top Lob-
byist’’ by the National Institute for Lobbying & 
Ethics. 
The previous year, he received the Jennifer 
Poulakidas Achievement Award for his con-
tributions to and achievements in university 
governmental relations; he was also recog-
nized as a ‘‘Top Lobbyist’’ by The Hill that 
same year. 
Alone, these accolades don’t tell you what’s 
truly special about Mr. Cline, and why we’ll 
miss him so much. Following a career in the 
armed services, Mr. Cline chose to continue 
living a life of service, spending years walking 
these hallways to ensure the entire Kansas 
congressional delegation knows the valuable 
work occurring at KU. 
Not once has Mr. Cline shied away from a 
question, a task, or a request; he’s bent over 
backwards to ensure KU’s priorities are heard 
throughout Congress. 
Mr. Cline may now be a Northeastern Uni-
versity Husky, but he will always remain a part 
of our KU family and will forever be a Jay 
hawk. Rock Chalk. 
f 
HONORING TOURO UNIVERSITY 
CALIFORNIA 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Tuesday, August 23, 2022 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Madam 
Speaker, I rise today, along with my col-
league, Rep. JOHN GARAMENDI, to honor Touro 
University California on its 25th anniversary. 
Touro University California is a graduate 
medical school with over 6,000 alumni. Found-
ed in 1997, it offers programs in Pharmacy, 
Physician Assistance, Public Health, Nursing, 
Education, Osteopathic Medicine, and Medical 
Health Sciences. Touro University California 
has made a massive difference in the commu-
nity, with over 55 percent of the School of 
Education graduates serving within 55 miles of 
the university and more than 80 percent of 
School of Nursing graduates serving locally 
within Solano County. Touro University Cali-
fornia provides scholarships to underrep-
resented minority students from disadvantaged 
backgrounds, improving education and health 
for all. It currently has about 1,400 students 
and 100 faculty members. Touro University 
California has graduated more primary care 
physicians than any other university in the 
state. 
In addition to proving excellent education, 
Touro University California is also committed 
to serving our community. It provides free 
health screenings through its Mobile Diabetes 
Education Center and Pharma2Home Initia-
tive, as well as running more than 125 free 
community clinics that have delivered over 
5,200 vaccines. These clinics both help com-
munity members and give students an oppor-
tunity to get clinical hours and patient experi-
ence. 
Touro University California works with many 
community service programs to provide a vari-
ety of support to the community. Those pro-
grams include: Student-Run Free Clinic, Social 
Justice Series, Drug Safe Solano, Project 
Happy, Biotech Academy/Teen Life Con-
ference, and many more. It has delivered over 
3,000 books to local children, working to en-
sure that Solano’s children are not only phys-
ically healthy but also mentally healthy. 
Madam Speaker, Touro University California 
provides an invaluable service to the commu-
nity. It is, therefore, fitting and proper that we 
honor it here today. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MR. GARY RICE 
HON. DAVID G. VALADAO 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Tuesday, August 23, 2022 
Mr. VALADAO. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Mr. Gary Rice and congratulate 
him on his 35-year career as a teacher in 
Hanford, California. 
Mr. Rice began his career teaching first 
grade at Western Christian School in Hanford. 
After one year, he transferred to Pioneer 
Union Elementary—where he would teach for 
the next 34 years. As a teacher at Pioneer, 
Mr. Rice taught multiple grade levels, including 
first, third, fourth, and fifth grade. 
Mr. Rice’s true passion was teaching fourth 
grade because he was able to educate his 
students about one of his favorite subjects, the 
history of the State of California. As a fourth- 
grade teacher, Mr. Rice regularly led students 
on field trips to Sacramento to visit the Cali-
fornia State Capitol, the city’s historic Old 
Town neighborhood, and the California State 
Train Museum. He also led students on field 
trips to visit the historic California Missions, 
such as Mission San Miguel and Mission San 
Antonio. 
As a dedicated educator, Mr. Rice was 
heavily involved in the school’s extracurricular 
activities. He regularly organized the Pioneer 
Spelling Bee and was a fixture at the school’s 
ukulele club—both teaching students how to 
play and encouraging them to show off their 
talents at events like the Pioneer talent show. 
Mr. Rice is the type of teacher that students 
never forget. His sense of humor, passion for 
learning, and dedication to his students have 
made a lasting impact on the thousands of 
children he has taught over his 35-year ca-
reer. 
I ask all my colleagues in the United States 
House of Representatives to join me in hon-
oring the incredible career of Mr. Gary Rice. 
f 
HONORING SUSALYN BENNETT 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Tuesday, August 23, 2022 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Madam 
Speaker, I rise today to honor a brilliant pho-
tographer, Susalyn Bennett. Susalyn has 
shown what can be done through hard work, 
dedication, and a desire to achieve success. 
Susalyn Bennett has been a photographer 
for The Clinton Courier for almost a decade. 
Susalyn has spent countless hours taking 
photos of the children, events, celebrations, 
seniors, and much more. Thanks to her, we 
have enjoyed almost a decade of photo docu-
mentation 
of 
our 
community’s 
events, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:54 Aug 24, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00004
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A23AU8.011
E23AUPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 7-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E871 
August 23, 2022 
groundbreakings, awards, inductions, ribbon 
cuttings and even tragedies in the City of Clin-
ton. She is also the editor of the Bolton News-
paper in my hometown of Bolton, MS. Susalyn 
has taken photos and written articles of things 
that have defined us in our small town, as well 
as moments we will cherish forever. 
Susalyn has been named to the E&P Class 
of 2022 ‘‘Shooting Stars.’’ She was selected 
as one of only twelve photojournalists in the 
nation to be featured in the June 2022 issue 
of Editor & Publisher Magazine, a trade maga-
zine for the newspaper, advertising, public re-
lations, communication, journalism, and print-
ing industries that traces its roots back to 
1884. 
Madam Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join 
me in recognizing Susalyn Bennett for her 
passion and dedication in the field of jour-
nalism. 
f 
HONORING TOWACO VETERAN AND 
COMMUNITY 
LEADER 
GERALD 
CHARLES GEMIAN ON HIS 100TH 
BIRTHDAY 
HON. MIKIE SHERRILL 
OF NEW JERSEY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Tuesday, August 23, 2022 
Ms. SHERRILL. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Mr. Gerald Charles Gemian 
and wish him a very happy 100th birthday on 
August 25, 2022. Mr. Gemian is a veteran and 
a longtime resident of Montville, New Jersey. 
I want to thank him for his service in the 
United States Army Signal Corps during the 
Second World War. Mr. Gemian served from 
1942 to 1945 as an Army Staff Sergeant com-
bat radio operator in the Central Pacific The-
ater. There, he supported assault groups dur-
ing the Island Hopping Campaign, which was 
an integral part of the Allies’ military strategy 
against Japan. This mission involved taking 
over an island and establishing a military base 
on it, which would in turn be used as a 
launching point for the assault and takeover of 
another island. As a radio operator, Mr. 
Gemian’s job was crucial to the success of the 
Allied efforts in battle. His unit landed on 
shore and secured the island in order to set 
up a communications base. They used a grid 
system to determine locations for the artillery 
to bombard, and then radioed the coordinates 
over to the fleet and the field artillery. He and 
his unit remained in combat until the island 
was fully secured, and once one island was 
secured, they traveled to the next target. Mr. 
Gemian went from island to island in the Pa-
cific until the end of the war. 
Mr. Gemian fought in actions across the Pa-
cific theater; including in the Kwajalein and 
Eniwetok campaigns in the Marshall Islands; 
in the Mariana Islands and Palau. His unit en-
countered difficult conditions during the cam-
paigns. They were often short on supplies in-
cluding water, food, and ammunition. The is-
lands were hot and humid, with temperatures 
often exceeding 100 degrees. Mr. Gemian and 
his unit also had to worry about hidden snip-
ers and booby traps that littered the islands. 
He survived numerous enemy attacks and bat-
tles and he was never wounded. 
After serving in the military, Mr. Gemian be-
came an engineer and moved to Montville in 
1977. There, he became an active life-mem-
ber of Montville VFW Memorial Post 5481. 
Mr. Gemian was married to his wife, Eliza-
beth, for 74 years until she passed away in 
2021. He has a son, 3 granddaughters, and 3 
great-grandchildren. 
Mr. Gemian is a true American hero, and 
we are indebted to him for his great service to 
our Nation. It was a pleasure to sit down with 
Mr. Gemian at Montville’s Memorial Day Cere-
mony around the 75th anniversary of D-Day to 
talk about his experiences from World War II. 
I am proud to honor him today, and I hope he 
has a wonderful 100th birthday. 
f 
HONORING THE RETIREMENT OF 
STANLEY GWUDZ 
HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Tuesday, August 23, 2022 
Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Stanley Gwudz, who retires 
from his work with General Dynamics Electric 
Boat, on August 24, 2022, following a career 
with the organization that spans almost half a 
century and 13 different roles in the trades 
and shipyard leadership. Mr. Gwudz’s tenure 
with Electric Boat has been one defined by im-
pact within and loyalty to the organization, and 
he leaves the company as the Director of the 
Virginia Class Submarine Program and Ships 
Management. 
A native resident of Uncasville in Montville, 
Connecticut—a stone’s throw away from Elec-
tric Boat’s Connecticut base of operations in 
Groton, Connecticut—Stanely was destined to 
support the strength of our nation by contrib-
uting to the success of our region’s industrial 
productivity. Having earned his BS in Business 
Administration from the University of New 
Haven—and later an MA in Organizational and 
Industrial Psychology from his alma mater— 
Stanley began his career with Electric Boat in 
1973 as a shipfitter. Given his first-hand, on- 
the-ground knowledge, Stanley transitioned 
quite smoothly into and outperformed within 
leadership roles at Electric Boat, empowering 
the institution’s long-term growth over the last 
several decades. Year after year, he has ex-
celled under high-pressure positions, contrib-
uting in major ways to the construction of sev-
eral eras of US submarines, including the Los 
Angeles, Ohio, Seawolf, and most recently, 
Virginia Class programs. Clearly, Stanley has 
been a history-maker in terms of advancing 
sea-based defense systems, a foundation of 
US national security. 
Madam Speaker, since my first arrival to 
Congress through to my chairmanship of the 
House Armed Services Subcommittee on Sea 
power and Projection Forces, Stan has been 
a constant presence throughout my office’s 
engagement with the shipyard in Groton. I 
have come to learn over the years of Stanley 
Gwudz’s established reputation as a standard- 
setter, mentor, and someone who can deliver 
both ahead of schedule and under budget. 
Our nation, and the history of growth Eastern 
Connecticut has experienced, are forever in-
debted to his service. I can personally attest, 
that despite all of his amazing success he has 
retained a very down-to-earth manner. As the 
Irish often say, Stan ‘‘never put on airs’’ deal-
ing with young, brand-new hires or the highest 
corporate executives. 
Stan has not only provided for our common 
defense through private industry, but also 
prioritized public service through leadership in 
municipal 
government 
for 
the 
Town 
of 
Montville. With his retirement, Madam Speak-
er, we are losing a giant. We will remain for-
ever grateful, however, of the legacy left in his 
place, and the permanent brand of efficiency 
we can trust General Dynamics Electric Boat 
to deliver upon in part because of him. To that 
end, Madam Speaker, I ask that my col-
leagues in the House join me in congratulating 
Stanley Gwudz on a well-earned retirement, 
thanking him and his family for his life of serv-
ice. 
f 
HONORING STEPHANIE 
PATTERSON 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Tuesday, August 23, 2022 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Madam 
Speaker, I rise today to honor a remarkable 
public servant, Alderwoman Stephanie Patter-
son. 
Alderwoman Patterson was born and raised 
in Oakland, Mississippi, where at least five 
generations of her family have lived and con-
tributed. At 43 years old, she is a member of 
the younger generation with high hopes and 
dreams for her community. Known for her 
generous heart and the love of her commu-
nity, she has served one year in her first term 
on the Town of Oakland’s Board. Within the 
first year of her term, she helped found the 
Oakland Area Chamber of Commerce and 
serves as the Secretary/Treasurer, and she is 
on the Oakland Beautification Committee. 
Also, she was co-chair of Oakland’s first 
Juneteenth Celebration this year. Alderwoman 
Patterson pulled together with other members 
of the community to pass a 2 percent pre-
pared food tax. This tax passed with 100 per-
cent of those voting supporting this. 
Alderwoman Patterson is recognized by her 
family, her community, and her colleagues as 
a woman of integrity, service, and compassion 
for her community. She is a member of and 
regularly attends Parrish Grove M.B. Church 
in Oakland, where she is Youth President, and 
Director of Vacation Bible School. Alderwoman 
Patterson also serves as a member of Hero-
ines of Jericho Court No. 283. 
Alderwoman Patterson attended and grad-
uated 
from 
Coffeeville 
High 
School 
in 
Coffeeville, MS. After earning her high school 
diploma, she attended Northwest Community 
College pursuing an Associate Degree in Busi-
ness Management. She went on to pursue a 
bachelor’s degree at University of Mississippi 
in Criminal Justice with minors in Emergency 
Management, Psychology, and Sociology. 
Alderwoman Patterson’s deep roots in this 
small Mississippi town have led her and her 
family to work to inspire others to believe in 
the community’s possibilities. She and her 
husband, Kel Andrews, have two sons, 
Tavauric and Kameron. Her leadership, de-
pendability and work ethic combine to create 
her reputation and slogan of #OaklandProud. 
Madam Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join 
me in recognizing Alderwoman Stephanie Pat-
terson for her dedication, commitment, and re-
markable community leadership. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:46 Aug 24, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00005
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A23AU8.015
E23AUPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 8-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E872 
August 23, 2022 
HONORING SHELLEY BERKLEY 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Tuesday, August 23, 2022 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Madam 
Speaker, I rise today, along with my col-
league, Rep. JOHN
GARAMENDI, to honor 
former Congresswoman Shelley Berkley for 
her outstanding service as the Executive Offi-
cer and Senior Provost of Touro University 
California. The Honorable Ms. Berkley has 
been engaged in her community for her entire 
life. As the first person to attend college in her 
family, Ms. Berkley earned her undergraduate 
degree from University of Nevada, Las Vegas 
and her law degree from the University of San 
Diego. 
Ms. Berkley served on the Nevada Board of 
Representatives, where she oversaw the rapid 
expansion of higher education, simultaneously 
developing new schools and ensuring that tui-
tion stayed low. In 1998, she was elected to 
Congress, where she went on to serve for 14 
years. During her time in the House of Rep-
resentatives, she served on the Transportation 
Committee, Veterans Affairs Committee, For-
eign Affairs Committee, and the Ways and 
Means Committee. She worked on 114 pieces 
of legislation related to healthcare and worked 
to build the new Veterans Administration med-
ical complex in Southern Nevada. While she 
was passionate about healthcare, her work did 
not stop there. She collaborated with members 
of the European Parliament on issues affect-
ing the entire Transatlantic Alliance. 
Since leaving Congress, Ms. Berkley has 
continued to work hard to give back to her 
community. In her time at Touro University 
California she has overseen two of the fastest 
growing medical schools in the United States. 
Under her leadership, the university has grad-
uated hundreds of physicians, nurses, thera-
pists and pharmacists each year. In addition to 
her work at Touro University, she also serves 
on numerous local and national boards, in-
cluding: the Anti-Defamation League, Patient 
Pals, National Osteoporosis Foundation, the 
Israel Project, and European Leadership Net-
work. 
Madam Speaker, former Congresswoman 
Shelley Berkley has been a dedicated and 
passionate public servant. It is therefore fitting 
and proper that we honor her here today. 
f 
CELEBRATION OF CHICAGO’S 
AFRICAN FESTIVAL OF THE ARTS 
HON. BOBBY L. RUSH 
OF ILLINOIS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Tuesday, August 23, 2022 
Mr. RUSH. Madam Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Patrick and Dee Woodtor for their work 
in Africa International House and to celebrate 
the 33rd iteration of the African Festival of the 
Arts. The festival is back this year after taking 
a two-year hiatus due to COVID–19. With the 
return of the in-person festivities, this year’s 
theme is ‘‘Back to Culture. Back to Tradition.’’ 
The African Festival of the Arts has been 
celebrated in Chicago for more than three 
decades. Each year on Labor Day weekend, 
the festival attracts a multi-cultural audience, 
offering the Black community a chance to re-
connect to their roots, while also giving those 
outside the community the opportunity to learn 
more about African culture. Through poetry 
readings, interactive workshops, art exhibits, 
musical and dance performances, food tasting, 
arts and crafts classes, and displaying a rep-
lica of an African village, the festival illustrates 
the rich African culture present within the peo-
ple of Chicago. 
The festival also contributes immensely to 
the City’s economy. African International 
House hires local residents and vendors to 
participate in the annual event, which gen-
erates revenue for the city and local busi-
nesses. 
Patrick Woodtor founded Africa International 
House and the festival. Woodtor is originally 
from Liberia and first came to the United 
States in 1976 to attend Northwestern Univer-
sity, where he met his wife, Delores ‘‘Dee’’ 
Parmer. After graduating, the Woodtors briefly 
lived in Liberia, but soon returned to the 
States due to the political turmoil unraveling in 
the country. 
A short time after returning to Chicago, the 
Woodtors’ cultural outreach began when Dee 
opened a store in Hyde Park called ‘‘Window 
to Africa’’ that specialized in selling African ar-
tifacts, which helped the surrounding commu-
nity better connect and understand their herit-
age. The store also served as a resource cen-
ter for African immigrants transitioning into 
their new lives here in America. 
The success and popularity of Dee’s store 
fueled their desire to expand their efforts. Pat-
rick started the festival, and then later Africa 
International House—a larger umbrella organi-
zation that offers exchange programs to Africa 
and more broadly bridges cultural under-
standing. 
African 
International 
House 
and 
the 
Woodtors have received numerous accolades 
for their contributions to the cultural fabric of 
Chicago and service to recent immigrants, and 
I wanted to further cement the depth of their 
impact by speaking about it in the halls of the 
U.S. Capitol. 
Madam Speaker, Chicago has a rich history 
of celebrating the heritage and ancestry of its 
residents. The Woodtors have added to that 
history by lifting African culture on a large 
scale, which only further enhances the beauty 
and diversity of our great city. They deserve to 
be honored and recognized for this work, 
which benefits all Chicagoans. 
f 
THE 20TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 
MCGOVERN-DOLE 
INTER-
NATIONAL FOOD AID PROGRAM 
HON. DAVID ROUZER 
OF NORTH CAROLINA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Tuesday, August 23, 2022 
Mr. ROUZER. Madam Speaker, I rise today 
in support of H. Res. 1156—Expressing the 
commitment of the House of Representatives 
to building on 20 years of success of the 
George McGovern-Robert Dole Food for Edu-
cation and Child Nutrition Program. 
During the past two decades, McGovern- 
Dole has provided more than 5 and a half bil-
lion school meals benefitting over 31 million 
school-age children and their communities. 
I have seen this program in action—and it is 
a special sight to see. When I joined the then 
Chairman of the Agriculture Committee Mike 
Conaway several years ago overseas in third 
world countries where food is scarce and ex-
treme poverty like you cannot believe is plenti-
ful, it is obvious to see how imperative a nutri-
tious meal is to a child’s survival. Just as im-
portant, the McGovern-Dole program also pro-
vides an opportunity to learn, laying the foun-
dation for an improved life and achievement. 
For many of these children from very poor 
means, the meal provided through this pro-
gram at school is their only good meal of the 
day. 
It is also important to recognize the support 
of American agricultural producers who make 
this program possible. America’s farm families 
have produced more than 1.3 million metric 
tons of U.S. commodities for donation, doing 
their part in reducing hunger and improving 
primary education in countries around the 
globe. 
Congress must continue to lead by example 
in tackling hunger and poverty around the 
world for years to come. These efforts not only 
help feed those who cannot help themselves, 
but it builds good-will and provides hope for 
the future for so many searching for it. Many 
laws have been passed by this chamber, but 
none have been more impactful to the lives of 
so many children who desperately need the 
help. 
Madam Speaker, I’m proud to support this 
resolution expressing Congress’ commitment 
to carrying on the success of this program 
along with the great legacies of Ambassador 
McGovern and Senator Bob Dole. 
f 
HONORING SHONNA TILLMAN 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Tuesday, August 23, 2022 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Madam 
Speaker, I rise today to honor a remarkable 
professional, Shonna Tillman. 
Shonna Tillman is a native of Grenada, MS. 
She is the daughter of Tony and Anna Till-
man. She has two amazing brothers, Jonathan 
and Tony Tillman, and one amazing sister, 
Shae Poe. Shonna is also a member of Open- 
Door Apostolic Church in Charleston, MS, 
where her pastor is Bishop James Phillips. 
Shonna Tillman is the Founder of Operation 
#iAM, an organization that is designed to help 
individuals share their stories anonymously. 
Shonna founded Operation #iAM after over-
coming her battle with anxiety and depression. 
She had a first-hand understanding of how 
hard it is to walk a dark path and has vowed 
to not let others suffer alone. 
Shonna is a proud graduate of Mississippi 
State University, where she earned her bach-
elor’s degree in Educational Psychology. She 
is also a graduate of Belhaven University, 
where she earned her master’s degree in Pub-
lic Administration. Currently, Shonna is attend-
ing Mississippi State University, where she is 
a doctoral candidate in Public Policy and Ad-
ministration. Her students focus on economic 
development in the rural community, and her 
dissertation topic is ‘‘The Lack of Black 
Women Representation in Local Government 
in The Deep South.’’ 
Shonna is a member of Black Girls Rock of 
MS, a mentor for The Diamond Project, Inc., 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:54 Aug 24, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00006
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A23AU8.019
E23AUPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 9-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E873 
August 23, 2022 
a board member of Fostering Faith, and a 
community organizer. Her primary mission is 
to be the change that she wants to see in the 
world. She has plans of working in the aca-
demia field on a tenure track. 
Shonna family and church family honors her 
in her hard work and dedication she put into 
her community. 
Madam Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join 
me in recognizing Shonna Tillman for her 
dedication in serving her community. 
f 
HONORING THE 100TH 
ANNIVERSARY OF RIVERBANK 
HON. JOSH HARDER 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Tuesday, August 23, 2022 
Mr. HARDER of California. Madam Speaker, 
I rise today to celebrate the 100th anniversary 
of Riverbank, California’s incorporation, River-
bank is a beautiful town located along the 
Stanislaus River and in the heart of the Cen-
tral Valley. For a century now, Riverbank has 
continued to grow and thrive by living up to 
their motto: ‘‘The City of Action.’’ 
Riverbank traces its roots back to a small 
ferry that, before there were roads and bridges 
in the area, would take people across San 
Joaquin County and into Stanislaus County. 
The town truly expanded and began to take 
shape thanks to the Santa Fe Railroad, which 
quickly turned Riverbank into a transportation 
hub. 
Today, Riverbank is a diverse, tight-knit 
community with a vibrant and expansive econ-
omy. Like much of the Central Valley, River-
bank has a strong history of farming that re-
mains to this day. The town’s trademark 
warmth is on constant display at events like 
the annual Riverbank Wine and Cheese Fes-
tival, which celebrates the city’s diverse popu-
lation and agricultural roots. Riverbank has 
also seen economic growth through a variety 
of industries. The Riverbank industrial complex 
reflects the broad reach of the town’s econ-
omy, as it is home to over 40 different busi-
nesses that specialize in fields ranging from 
security systems and recycling to traditional 
manufacturing. 
Riverbank’s growth and success are the di-
rect products of the hard work, dedication, and 
fearless spirit that reverberate throughout the 
city. Rather than sit and wait idly by, River-
bank has been aggressive and seized every 
opportunity available. I am immensely proud to 
represent this extraordinary town and am cer-
tain that its best days still lay ahead. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE CONGRESS 
LEADS BY EXAMPLE ACT OF 2022 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Tuesday, August 23, 2022 
Ms. NORTON. Madam Speaker, I introduce 
the Congress Leads by Example Act of 2022, 
which would subject the legislative branch to 
many of the laws that protect employees in 
the private sector and the executive branch. 
Congress should abide by the laws it imposes 
on others. In 1995, Congress passed the Con-
gressional Accountability Act of 1995 (CAA), 
which applied 13 existing civil rights, labor and 
workplace safety and health laws to the legis-
lative branch. In 2018, after reports of sexual 
harassment in Congress and in light of the 
#MeToo movement, Congress passed the 
Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 Re-
form Act (Reform Act), which changed the 
name of the Office of Compliance to the Office 
of Congressional Workplace Rights (OCWR), 
revised the process to resolve workplace 
claims and extended CAA protections to un-
paid staff, interns and fellows. It also made 
Members of Congress personally liable for 
their own violations of workplace harassment 
and retaliation laws. 
The CAA and the Reform Act were impor-
tant steps in making the legislative branch ac-
countable for its employment practices, but 
they did not finish the job. As noted, the CAA 
brought the legislative branch under 13 civil 
rights, labor and workplace safety and health 
laws but it omitted important substantive and 
procedural protections. In its two most recent 
Section 102(b) biennial reports to Congress, 
OCWR identified additional federal workplace 
laws and procedures that should be applicable 
to 
the 
legislative 
branch. 
OCWR’s 
rec-
ommendations for the 116th Congress in-
cluded making the Whistleblower Protection 
Act of 1989 applicable to the legislative 
branch. The OCWR’s recommendations for 
this Congress included allowing the OCWR 
Board of Directors to authorize the OCWR 
General Counsel to seek appropriate tem-
porary relief after filing an unfair labor practice 
charge, amending the confidentiality provisions 
of the CAA to exclude proceedings under the 
Federal Service Labor-Management Relations 
Statute and the public access provisions of the 
Americans with Disabilities Act and requiring 
mediation upon the request of the claimant. 
This bill takes into account OCWR’s rec-
ommendations, and seeks both to apply the 
standard of fairness to employees of the legis-
lative branch that Congress requires for other 
employees and provide a safer work environ-
ment for the legislative branch and visitors by 
bringing the legislative obligations in line with 
the legal requirements of the private sector 
and the executive branch. 
This bill provides general whistleblower pro-
tections and anti-retaliation measures and 
makes additional Occupational Safety and 
Health Act (OSHA) retaliation provisions appli-
cable to the legislative branch. This bill also 
provides subpoena authority to OCWR to con-
duct inspections and investigations into OSHA 
violations. 
This bill also furthers the CAA’s goal of pre-
venting workplace discrimination in the legisla-
tive branch by prohibiting the legislative 
branch from making adverse employment de-
cisions on the basis of an employee’s wage 
garnishment or involvement in bankruptcy pro-
ceedings pursuant to the Consumer Credit 
Protection Act and Chapter 11 of the bank-
ruptcy code. 
Finally, this bill bolsters the CAA’s record-
keeping requirements. It applies to the legisla-
tive branch the obligation to maintain accurate 
records of safety information and employee in-
juries, as otherwise required by OSHA, as well 
as employee records necessary to administer 
anti-discrimination laws. 
This bill would help restore the public’s trust 
in Congress by redoubling our efforts to exer-
cise leadership by example. I urge support for 
this important measure. 
HONORING MISSISSIPPI VOTES 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Tuesday, August 23, 2022 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Madam 
Speaker, I rise today to honor a remarkable 
organization, Mississippi Votes. This organiza-
tion has shown what can be done through 
hard work, dedication, and a strong desire for 
change. 
Mississippi Votes is an organization of inter-
generational synergy centering and led by 
young people invested in the progression of 
Mississippi. The organization’s programming 
and outreach strategies empower young peo-
ple, encourages civic engagement, and edu-
cates communities on voting rights through 
place-based grassroots organizing. 
Since inception, Mississippi Votes has been 
a pioneer and leader in voter registration and 
engagement in Mississippi. In a little over four 
years, Mississippi Votes has successfully re-
cruited and retained over 400 statewide volun-
teers as well as registered over 15,000 new 
voters—many of whom are young people of 
color on college campuses. Mississippi Votes’ 
Executive Director, Arekia Bennett-Scott, and 
her team have worked tirelessly to cultivate a 
culture of civic engagement throughout the 
State of Mississippi. 
Madam Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join 
me in recognizing Mississippi Votes for their 
dedication in the fight for civil and human 
rights in the State of Mississippi. 
f 
HONORING EAGLE SCOUT LOGAN 
CATALANOTTO 
HON. KAT CAMMACK 
OF FLORIDA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Tuesday, August 23, 2022 
Mrs. CAMMACK. Madam Speaker, on be-
half of Florida’s Third Congressional District, 
we honor Eagle Scout Logan Catalanotto, who 
achieved the prestigious rank of Eagle Scout 
on July 18, 2022. As a member of Boy Scout 
Troop 72, Logan has dedicated over ten years 
of his life to serving in his local troop and 
making the greater Marion County community 
a better place to live, work, and play. 
To earn the prestigious rank of Eagle Scout, 
Logan completed 26 merit badges, requiring 
him to demonstrate knowledge of and exper-
tise in various life skills, served in Troop lead-
ership positions including Senior Patrol Leader 
and Quartermaster, and planned and executed 
an Eagle Scout Service Project. For his 
Project, Logan renovated the State Flag Dis-
play area in the Marion County Veterans Me-
morial Park. The renovation consisted of re-
moving 52 flag poles and existing mulch, re-
grading the area, pouring a 4,000 sq. ft. con-
crete slab, where the flag poles were re-
installed. The project has made this area easi-
er to maintain, provided more accessibility, as 
well as making it ADA accessible, and more 
visually appealing. With all of the various 
events and ceremonies that are held through-
out the year, the park has become a more val-
uable asset to Marion County. 
Congratulations to Mr. Catalanotto, his fam-
ily, and his troop on this prestigious honor. We 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:54 Aug 24, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00007
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A23AU8.022
E23AUPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 10-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E874 
August 23, 2022 
look forward to seeing all of his accomplish-
ments in the future. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF BEVERLY 
A. ROBERTS 
HON. DUSTY JOHNSON 
OF SOUTH DAKOTA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Tuesday, August 23, 2022 
Mr. JOHNSON of South Dakota. Madam 
Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor 
the life of Beverly A. Roberts, of Pierre, South 
Dakota. Bev was an amazing woman who led 
an incredible life. Bev was a friend to thou-
sands, myself included. She was funny, hard- 
working, and incredibly loyal. Every time I saw 
Bev, she had a word of encouragement and a 
piece of advice. She wasn’t just that way with 
the politicians, though. She knew plenty of 
governors and plenty of cowhands, and she 
treated them all with kindness and decency. I 
would like to extend my deepest condolences 
to the Roberts family and to everyone who 
knew this wonderful woman. She will be sorely 
missed. 
Madam Speaker, I include in the RECORD 
the following obituary for Beverly Roberts: 
Beverly A. Roberts, 87, of Pierre, SD, died 
Tuesday, July 12, 2022, at Edgewood in 
Pierre. Inurnment will take place at 9 a.m. 
on Friday, July 22nd at the Presho Ceme-
tery, followed by a memorial service at 11:30 
a.m. on Friday, July 22nd at First United 
Methodist Church in Pierre. 
Beverly was born on March 27, 1935, to 
Ward and Frances (Weber) Dittman. She at-
tended grade school and high school in 
Presho. She graduated from Presho High 
School in 1952. 
On December 7, 1952, Beverly married Clin-
ton Roberts in Presho, and they were mar-
ried for 64 years. They had four children, 
Debra, Schelle, Clayton and Kristi. Clint and 
Bev’s youngest daughter Kristi died in 1999. 
There are six grandchildren in the family 
and nine greatgrandchildren. Family was al-
ways a priority for Beverly. 
They made their home near Presho where 
they farmed and ranched. Beverly devoted 
much time to driving the children to town 
for school, swimming lessons, and school 
events. She assisted Clint in moving tractors 
and other farm equipment, often having to 
drive at the spur of the moment for machin-
ery parts. Leisure time on the farm usually 
included stock dam fishing or hunting. 
Beverly was a gracious hostess during mul-
tiple opening day pheasant hunts. Her other 
skills included starting and running a retail 
business and troubleshooting computers in 
the SD Dept. of Transportation and Office of 
the Attorney General. 
She was a member of the Presho and Pierre 
United 
Methodist 
Churches, 
Presho 
Jaycettes, Lyman County Republicans, and 
the Capitol Club. She was a key campaign 
strategist in Clint’s political campaigns for 
the SD state legislature, US House of Rep-
resentatives, and SD governor, contributing 
to his political successes. 
Her retirement years were spent enjoying 
family life in Fort Pierre, SD, living on the 
river. Since Clint’s death in 2017, Beverly 
lived at Parkwood and most currently at 
Edgewood Assisted Living in Pierre. 
Beverly is survived by her children Debra 
Brakke (Verne), Schelle Wenner, and Clay 
Roberts (Pam), and grandchildren Nathan 
Brakke (Michelle), Matthew Brakke (Kim-
berly), Tessa Wenner, Clint Hunter Roberts 
(Stephanie), 
Chelsey 
Roberts 
Renemans 
(Nick), and Tiffany Menke (Nick). Beverly 
also leaves behind nine adoring great-grand-
children and a sister Linda Kerns of Murdo. 
Beverly was preceded in death by her hus-
band Clinton, daughter Kristi, and her broth-
ers: Melvin, Delbert, Wayne and Curtis. 
Memorials may be directed to the Greater 
Lyman Foundation. 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF 
RANDY SAWYER 
HON. MARK DeSAULNIER 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Tuesday, August 23, 2022 
Mr. DESAULNIER. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the service of Randy Saw-
yer upon his retirement from Contra Costa 
Health Services (CCHS). 
Randy began his career at Contra Costa 
Health in 1992 as a specialist engineer in Ac-
cidental Release Prevention within the Haz-
ardous Materials Division. At this time, he 
worked with numerous chemical and oil refin-
eries to prevent accidental material leakage. 
Randy also helped to champion the county’s 
Community Warning System, establishing one 
of the best response teams in the state, and 
the Industrial Safety Ordinance, which we 
worked on together. In 2004, Randy became 
the Director of the Hazardous Materials Divi-
sion. 
In 2005, Randy was appointed to the Cali-
fornia 
Certified 
Unified 
Program 
Agency 
(CUPA) Forum Board where he was instru-
mental in helping to formulate policy on state-
wide hazardous materials programs. Randy 
served as Chair of the board from 2007 to 
2008. 
Randy’s leadership was crucial in the coun-
ty’s COVID–19 recovery efforts, serving as 
Deputy Health Director of CCHS. In this role, 
he worked closely with the department’s 
Emergency Medical Services, Environmental 
Health, and Climate Health and Policy divi-
sions. 
Randy’s work has had a significant impact 
on Contra Costa and its residents. Please join 
me in congratulating Randy on his retirement 
and honoring him for his 30 years of public 
service. 
f 
HONORING MISSISSIPPI MOVE 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Tuesday, August 23, 2022 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Madam 
Speaker, I rise today to honor a remarkable 
organization, Mississippi Move. This organiza-
tion has gone beyond the call of duty to en-
sure that communities in Mississippi are taken 
care of during critical times. 
Since its inception, Mississippi Move’s main 
focuses have been voter empowerment and 
voter registration. The organization believes by 
doing voter registration, education, and get- 
out-the-vote work, they can dramatically in-
crease voter turnout, uphold voters’ civil rights 
at the ballot box, make critical changes in the 
election system. 
Mississippi Move is also known for its serv-
ice to the homeless, low-income, and disaster 
victims around the State of Mississippi. On 
March 22, 2022, violent tornado storms hit 
Mississippi. In two of the most impacted coun-
ties, Hinds and Holmes, Mississippi Move 
hosted ‘‘Resource Day’’ for storm victims and 
those in need. The services offered were 
health screenings, food, housing information, 
care packages, water, and survival kits. Mis-
sissippi Move Executive Director, Mac Epps, 
and his team have worked tirelessly aiding the 
citizens in need throughout the state of Mis-
sissippi. 
Madam Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join 
me in recognizing Mississippi Move for their 
service to the citizens of Mississippi. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF ELVATA 
CALLOWAY 
HON. RASHIDA TLAIB 
OF MICHIGAN 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Tuesday, August 23, 2022 
Ms. TLAIB. Madam Speaker, today I want to 
celebrate the life of Elvata Calloway, a resi-
dent of the 13th District, in memory of her 
passing this month. 
Mother Elvata Calloway was born on De-
cember 25, 1934, in Pickens, Mississippi, and 
later moved to River Rouge with her aunt 
Elisa Day Adams and her family. She married 
the love of her life, Willie Calloway, Sr., in 
1951. Soon after, they moved to Detroit to 
grow their family. 
Ms. Calloway was a member of the Eastern 
Star organization, where she dedicated her life 
to service of others. Ms. Calloway was a light 
to all her family and friends and enjoyed 
spending time with them. The 13th Congres-
sional District is saddened by the loss of 
Mother Elvata Calloway and share our deep-
est prayers and sympathy with the Calloway 
family. 
Please join me in celebrating the life of 
Mother Elvata Calloway, who will truly be 
missed by her family and loved ones, as we 
honor her memory. 
f 
RECOGNIZING 
THE 
EXEMPLARY 
CONTRIBUTIONS 
OF 
MINDY 
FOTHERGILL 
AGUON 
TO 
THE 
COMMUNITY 
OF 
GUAM 
AS 
A 
MEDIA PROFESSIONAL 
HON. MICHAEL F.Q. SAN NICOLAS 
OF GUAM 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Tuesday, August 23, 2022 
Mr. SAN NICOLAS. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize an exemplary advocate, 
leader, 
and 
public 
servant, 
Mrs. 
Mindy 
Fothergill Aguon, and congratulate her for over 
twenty years of service to the People of Guam 
as a media professional. I would like to further 
commend her for her distinguished work ethic, 
commitment to community, and tireless pas-
sion to help others through storytelling. 
After graduating as valedictorian from St. 
Paul Christian School in 1998, Mindy initiated 
the start of a distinguished career in jour-
nalism. While pursuing her bachelor’s degree 
full-time at the University of Guam, she began 
an internship with KUAM News and later ac-
cepted an official position with the company in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:54 Aug 24, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00008
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A23AU8.026
E23AUPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 11-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E875 
August 23, 2022 
February 2000. Across 14 years of service 
with KUAM, she earned her way through the 
ranks from News Reporter to Senior Investiga-
tive News Reporter, Anchor, Television News 
Anchor, and, finally, as Assistant News Direc-
tor. In the years that followed, Mindy went on 
to expand her experience and build on her ex-
pertise through various roles to include Mar-
keting and Communications Manager for Dusit 
Thani Guam Resort, CNN International Cor-
respondent and Stringer, and Chief Executive 
Officer and Editor-in-Chief of the Guam Daily 
Post. Moreover, in 2015, Mindy established 
her very own Media and Public Relations con-
sulting firm, Aguon Consulting. 
With unique talent, demonstrated drive, and 
unrelenting dedication, Mindy cultivated a ca-
reer steeped in excellence. She earned nu-
merous accolades including two Micronesia 
Society of Professional Journalists awards for 
Best Spot News and Best Online Reporting, 
two of the prestigious Edward R. Murrow Best 
Documentary awards for her productions enti-
tled, ‘‘Personal Journey: Finding My Roots’’ 
and ‘‘Survivors: In Their Own Words,’’ and 
recognitions as both a four-time KUAM Em-
ployee of the Year and the 2014 Man˜e’lu Men-
tor of the Year. Mindy further received the 
highest orders of local recognition from the 
Government of Guam: A Legislative Resolu-
tion from I Mina’trentai Dos na Liheslaturan 
Gua˚han and the Ancient Order of the Chamori 
from I Maga’la˚hen Gua˚han. In addition to her 
professional career, Mindy built strong ties 
with and made meaningful contributions to dis-
tinct community organizations. She served as 
an active member of the KUAM Care Force, 
Society of Professional Journalists, and Ohala 
Adoptions Advisory Board and took on vital 
leadership roles as a Man˜e’lu Mentor with the 
Big Brothers Big Sisters of Guam and Board 
of Director for the Guam Chamber of Com-
merce. These civic contributions combined 
with her work as a member of our local media 
encapsulate the public service persona that is 
Mindy Fothergill Aguon. 
Madam Speaker, I rise on behalf of the 
People of Guam, offering my greatest appre-
ciation to Mindy Fothergill Aguon for over two 
decades of service to our island, region, and 
nation as an outstanding leader and journalist. 
Mindy navigated an award-winning journalism 
career in Guam and illustrated the rich power 
of true storytelling. It does not simply relay 
issues to the minds of many—it touches their 
hearts. Her commitment to advocating for the 
issues of the people, elevating voices and sto-
ries of those often overlooked, and remaining 
ever persistent in the quest for truth continues 
to inspire many throughout our island including 
myself. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE 
OF JOAN EVOLA BILLECI 
HON. MARK DeSAULNIER 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Tuesday, August 23, 2022 
Mr. DESAULNIER. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the life of Joan Evola 
Billeci. 
Better known by friends as ‘‘Joanie,’’ Joan 
was born and raised in Pittsburg, California by 
Pearl DeMercurio and Joseph Billeci, former 
Mayor of Pittsburg. Joan and her husband, 
Nolan, were high school sweethearts and 
were married for 55 wonderful years. 
Joan followed in her father’s footsteps of 
public service and was involved with numer-
ous local organizations including the St. Peter 
Martyr School, the Church of the Good 
Shepard, and the Pittsburg Boys and Girls 
Club. In her professional career, she served 
as an executive assistant in the Pittsburg Uni-
fied School District at Highlands Elementary 
for seventeen years. 
Throughout her life, Joan demonstrated her 
dedication to service and passion for her com-
munity. Joan was an active volunteer with the 
Pittsburg Historical Society, volunteering for 
over two decades and serving as treasurer for 
nearly 20 years. In 2012, Joan’s received the 
Community 
Service 
Lifetime 
Achievement 
Award from the Soroptimist International of 
Pittsburg in recognition of her service. In her 
free time, Joan loved traveling, spending time 
with family, and participating in a sewing club 
with her close friends. 
Sadly, Joan passed away on June 6, 2022. 
She is survived by her husband, Nolan Evola, 
as well as her sister Anne Romeo, brother 
Mark Billeci, son Salvatore, daughter-in-law 
Vicki, and grandchildren Joseph and Gabriella. 
She will be remembered for her kind heart and 
dedication to service. Please join me in hon-
oring Joan Evola for her many contributions to 
our community. 
f 
HONORING NATALIE HERRINGTON 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Tuesday, August 23, 2022 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Madam 
Speaker, I rise today to honor a remarkable 
unsung hero, Ms. Natalie Herrington. 
Ms. Natalie Herrington is the daughter of the 
honorable 
Apostle 
James 
and 
Lucy 
Herrington. She is a native of Grenada, Mis-
sissippi. She has two brothers, Sheldon 
Herrington and Reginald Herrington. She is 
also the amazing mother of Avery Moore. 
Ms. Herrington graduated from Delta State 
University with her medical degree in 2002. 
She has more than twenty years of experi-
ence. She is a Nurse Practitioner specialist in 
Batesville, Mississippi. Her practice location is 
in Grenada, MS. She is also affiliated with 
many hospitals including University of Mis-
sissippi Medical Center-Grenada and Tyler 
Holmes Memorial Hospital. 
Ms. Herrington cooperates with many other 
doctors and specialists in medical groups: Pro-
gressive Medical Management of Batesville, 
LLC; Grenada Emergency Group, LLC; Panola 
Physician Group, LLC; and Grenada Physician 
Services, LLC. Ms. Herrington is also a mem-
ber of Delta Sigma Theta, Incorporated. 
Not only is Ms. Herrington a Nurse Practi-
tioner, but she is also the praise team leader 
at her church, Abundant Life Assembly Church 
of Apostolic Faith. Her family and church fam-
ily honors her in her hard work and dedication 
that she put into her patients. 
Madam Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join 
me in recognizing Ms. Natalie Herrington for 
her dedication and commitment to our commu-
nity. 
COMMEMORATING THE LIFE OF 
PEGGY LAMBERT 
HON. TIM BURCHETT 
OF TENNESSEE 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Tuesday, August 23, 2022 
Mr. BURCHETT. Madam Speaker, I rise to 
remember the life of my friend Peggy Lambert 
who passed away in May at 81 years old. 
Peggy grew up in Maryville and graduated 
from Maryville High School. She then got B.S. 
in Nursing from the University of Tennessee 
and a B.S. in Nursing Administration from the 
Grady School of Nursing in Atlanta, Georgia. 
After she graduated, she worked as a trav-
eling nurse in hospitals in New York and Cali-
fornia. 
Peggy was heavily involved in Republican 
politics for decades. In the 1970s and 1980s 
Peggy used her impeccable hostess skills to 
throw parties and fundraising events for Re-
publican candidates in Alabama, and even 
hosted President and Mrs. Reagan at some of 
her events. 
She returned to Maryville in 1985, where 
she quickly advanced in the state party. She 
faithfully served the state of Tennessee as 
State Committee Woman and National Vice 
Chair of the Republican Party for multiple 
terms, and was a Blount County Commis-
sioner for five years. 
As much as she loved politics, Peggy loved 
the Lord and her family even more. In 2016, 
she retired from politics to focus more of her 
time on her husband, John, her kids and 
grandkids, and her beloved dog, Bella. 
I want to offer my condolences to Peggy’s 
brother, Bob, and his wife, Dottie, her sister, 
Cindy, her sons, John and Jason, her five 
grandchildren, and everyone else who knew 
her and loved her. 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF LOUIE 
ROCHA 
HON. MARK DeSAULNIER 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Tuesday, August 23, 2022 
Mr. DESAULNIER. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize long-time community mem-
ber, Louie Rocha, as he retires from his role 
as principal of Antioch High School. 
Throughout his career, Louie has dem-
onstrated his passion for education and his 
dedication to serving students. In 1986, he 
served as a counselor at the REACH Project, 
providing support and services to at-risk youth 
at Park Junior High School. Louie joined Anti-
och Unified School District in 1996 serving as 
a guidance counselor at Prospects Alternative 
Education High School. In this role, Louie led 
the school in creating social and emotional 
counseling services for students. In 1999, 
Louie began serving as Antioch High School’s 
secondary assistant principal. 
Louie was promoted to principal in 2006 and 
has worked tirelessly in this position to imple-
ment changes in Antioch High School’s cur-
riculum and education methods to foster a 
positive environment on campus and to im-
prove graduation rates. Under his leadership, 
Antioch High School adopted the small learn-
ing communities (SLC) model to allow stu-
dents to develop more personalized, positive 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:54 Aug 24, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00009
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A23AU8.031
E23AUPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 12-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E876 
August 23, 2022 
relationships with their peers and teachers. 
Additionally, Louie helped to promote Linked 
Learning academies on campus to help con-
nect students with career training in the fields 
of environmental engineering and media tech-
nology. Louie also led the Antioch High com-
munity in modernizing the school’s campus. 
Thanks to Louie’s leadership, the school was 
able to make improvements on campus and 
bolster school security. 
Louie is a true leader in our community and 
we are incredibly grateful for the positive im-
pact he has had on so many students’ lives. 
Please join me in congratulating Louie on his 
retirement and honoring him for his years of 
dedicated service. 
f 
HONORING 
THE 
45TH 
ANNIVER-
SARY OF CHIEF CHRIS R. JEN-
KINS WITH THE CULPEPER PO-
LICE DEPARTMENT 
HON. ABIGAIL DAVIS SPANBERGER 
OF VIRGINIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Tuesday, August 23, 2022 
Ms. SPANBERGER. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Chief Chris R. Jenkins on 
his 45th anniversary of service to Virginia with 
the Culpeper Police Department. 
On August 15, 1977, Chris Jenkins began 
his law enforcement career at age 18 serving 
the Town of Culpeper as a dispatcher. In the 
45 years since, Chief Jenkins has honorably 
served his community and worked to make 
Culpeper a safer place to live and raise a fam-
ily. 
Chief Jenkins was first appointed as the 
Culpeper Police Department’s fifth Chief of 
Police in 2010. In this role, he has imple-
mented many successful programs including a 
community policing model, mental health co- 
responders, and Body-Worn Cameras. Beyond 
his career, Chief Jenkins has also helped 
raise thousands of dollars for local non-profit 
organizations—such as Team Jordan, a coali-
tion which supports suicide prevention and re-
sponse in Culpeper—and served on multiple 
boards and committees to support his commu-
nity. His dedication and integrity to make 
Culpeper a better place is inspiring and de-
serving of commendation and celebration. 
Madam Speaker, please join me in con-
gratulating Chief Jenkins on 45 successful 
years in law enforcement and a lifetime of 
making Culpeper a better place. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 50TH TEACHING 
ANNIVERSARY 
OF 
MRS. 
MAE 
LOIS TUDMAN WHITE 
HON. PAT FALLON 
OF TEXAS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Tuesday, August 23, 2022 
Mr. FALLON. Madam Speaker, I rise today 
to honor Mrs. Mae Lois Tudman White of 
Mount Pleasant, Texas. Mrs. White has dedi-
cated her life to service in her community, 
through both teaching as well as volunteering 
at her church, Maranatha Church of God in 
Christ. Mrs. White is a true woman of God, 
distinguished longtime educator, and a shining 
example of the good in this world. At age 72, 
Mrs. White’s passion for educating the youth 
of her community is still going strong, achiev-
ing the incredible milestone of 50 years of 
teaching. 
Mae Lois Tudman White was born on June 
21, 1950, in Pittsburg, Texas, and moved to 
Mount Pleasant when she was one year old. 
She graduated as valedictorian from Booker T. 
Washington High School. Mrs. White received 
a Master of Science and Bachelor of Science 
in Education with a minor in Sociology from 
East Texas State University in 1972. Mrs. 
White began teaching that same year at E.C. 
Brice Elementary School, and later transferred 
to Vivian Fowler Elementary School, where 
she has taught since 1978. Her impact was 
immediately felt, and she has been recognized 
as ‘‘Teacher of the Year’’ numerous times. 
Mrs. White has shown great initiative and 
commitment to the many organizations she 
has served. For 27 years, she has held the 
position of District Supervisor for the Women 
of the Progressive and Faith Temple District. 
As a member of the Maranatha Church of God 
in Christ, she serves on the finance com-
mittee, and is an assistant to the secretary, a 
missionary, and a bible study teacher. Thank-
fully for us, Mrs. White has no plan to retire 
anytime soon, and she will continue to be a 
mentor to Mount Pleasant’s students. We 
should all look to live our lives in a manner 
that follows her footsteps, and I believe she 
will inspire a younger generation of students to 
become educators. 
I have requested the United States flag be 
flown over our Nation’s Capitol to recognize 
Mae Lois Tudman White’s extensive contribu-
tions to the Mount Pleasant community. May 
God bless Mother Mae in the new school 
year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:54 Aug 24, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00010
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A23AU8.035
E23AUPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 13-
D923 
Tuesday, August 23, 2022 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate met at 10:32:40 a.m. in pro forma ses-
sion, and adjourned at 10:33:15 a.m. until 10 a.m. 
on Friday, August 26, 2022. 
Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 6 public 
bills, H.R. 8738–8743; and 1 resolution, H. Res. 
1325, were introduced.                                           Page H7720 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H7720–21 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein she 
appointed Representative Butterfield to act as Speak-
er pro tempore for today.                                       Page H7719 
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no Yea and Nay 
votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were 
no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 10:03 a.m. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, 
AUGUST 26, 2022 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. 
House 
No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:40 Aug 24, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D23AU2.REC
D23AUPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 14-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional Record
The Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each House
of Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, United
States Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶ Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶ To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO
63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶ Following
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶ With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record.
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.
U
N
U
M
E
P
LU
RI
B
U
S
D924 
August 23, 2022 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
10 a.m., Friday, August 26 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Friday: Senate will meet in pro forma ses-
sion. 
Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
10 a.m., Friday, August 26 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: House will meet in Pro Forma ses-
sion at 10 a.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Cammack, Kat, Fla., E867 
Davids, Sharice, Kans., E870 
DeSaulnier, Mark, Calif., E867, E867, E869 
Harder, Josh, Calif., E867 
Pallone, Frank, Jr., N.J., E868 
Thompson, Bennie G., Miss., E868, E870 
Thompson, Mike, Calif., E867, E869, E870 
Valadao, David G., Calif., E870 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:40 Aug 24, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 0664
Sfmt 0664
E:\CR\FM\D23AU2.REC
D23AUPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 15-
