Congressional Record
U
N
U
M
E
P
LU
RI
B
U
S
United States
of America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 117th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
b This symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b 1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.
H8069 
Vol. 168 
WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 2022 
No. 153 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Margaret 
Grun Kibben, offered the following 
prayer: 
Holy God, we know that You desire 
to set Your truth deep in our spirits, 
and we ask that You come to the hid-
den places of our hearts. Deepen Your 
truth in our souls. Speak to us there 
and teach us wisdom. 
Create in us clean hearts. Fill our 
minds with pure thoughts and holy de-
sires. Then may we be found ready and 
willing to do the work You put before 
us. 
Delight in us today. May the words of 
our mouths, the thoughts in our heads, 
and the meditations of our hearts be 
acceptable to You. 
For Your pleasure is not to be found 
in our performance. Our sacrifice of 
time and service do not impress You. 
But You desire a contrite heart, a 
yielding spirit, a kind word, and a gra-
cious attitude. 
Lord, unlock our hearts and open our 
lips that from them will pour out 
thankfulness and praise. Then may our 
joy be a blessing to those whom we en-
counter this day. 
In Your gracious name, we pray. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-
ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-
ceedings and announces to the Cham-
ber her approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1 of rule I, the 
Journal of the last day’s proceedings is 
approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman 
from Nebraska (Mr. FLOOD) come for-
ward and lead the House in the Pledge 
of Allegiance. 
Mr. FLOOD led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-
lic for which it stands, one nation under God, 
indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
PROVIDING 
FOR 
CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 4118, BREAK THE CYCLE 
OF VIOLENCE ACT; PROVIDING 
FOR 
CONSIDERATION 
OF 
H.R. 
5768, VIOLENT INCIDENT CLEAR-
ANCE AND TECHNOLOGICAL IN-
VESTIGATIVE METHODS ACT OF 
2022; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDER-
ATION OF H.R. 6448, INVEST TO 
PROTECT ACT OF 2022; AND PRO-
VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF 
H.R. 8542, MENTAL HEALTH JUS-
TICE ACT OF 2022 
Mr. MCGOVERN. Madam Speaker, by 
direction of the Committee on Rules, I 
call up House Resolution 1377 and ask 
for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. RES. 1377 
Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-
lution it shall be in order to consider in the 
House the bill (H.R. 4118) to authorize the 
Secretary of Health and Human Services to 
build safer, thriving communities, and save 
lives, by investing in effective community- 
based violence reduction initiatives, and for 
other purposes. All points of order against 
consideration of the bill are waived. The bill 
shall be considered as read. All points of 
order against provisions in the bill are 
waived. The previous question shall be con-
sidered as ordered on the bill and on any 
amendment thereto to final passage without 
intervening motion except: (1) 30 minutes of 
debate equally divided and controlled by the 
chair and ranking minority member of the 
Committee on the Judiciary or their respec-
tive designees; and (2) one motion to recom-
mit. 
SEC. 2. Upon adoption of this resolution it 
shall be in order to consider in the House the 
bill (H.R. 5768) to direct the Attorney Gen-
eral to establish a grant program to estab-
lish, create, and administer the violent inci-
dent clearance and technology investigative 
method, and for other purposes. All points of 
order against consideration of the bill are 
waived. In lieu of the amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute recommended by the 
Committee on the Judiciary now printed in 
the bill, an amendment in the nature of a 
substitute consisting of the text of Rules 
Committee Print 117-62, modified by the 
amendment printed in the report of the Com-
mittee on Rules accompanying this resolu-
tion, shall be considered as adopted. The bill, 
as amended, shall be considered as read. All 
points of order against provisions in the bill, 
as amended, are waived. The previous ques-
tion shall be considered as ordered on the 
bill, as amended, and on any further amend-
ment thereto, to final passage without inter-
vening motion except: (1) 30 minutes of de-
bate equally divided and controlled by the 
chair and ranking minority member of the 
Committee on the Judiciary or their respec-
tive designees; and (2) one motion to recom-
mit. 
SEC. 3. Upon adoption of this resolution it 
shall be in order to consider in the House the 
bill (H.R. 6448) to direct the Director of the 
Office of Community Oriented Policing Serv-
ices of the Department of Justice to carry 
out a grant program to provide assistance to 
police departments with fewer than 200 law 
enforcement officers, and for other purposes. 
All points of order against consideration of 
the bill are waived. An amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute consisting of the text of 
Rules Committee Print 117-65 shall be con-
sidered as adopted. The bill, as amended, 
shall be considered as read. All points of 
order against provisions in the bill, as 
amended, are waived. The previous question 
shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as 
amended, and on any further amendment 
thereto, to final passage without intervening 
motion except: (1) 30 minutes of debate 
equally divided and controlled by the chair 
and ranking minority member of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary or their respective 
designees; and (2) one motion to recommit. 
SEC. 4. Upon adoption of this resolution it 
shall be in order to consider in the House the 
bill (H.R. 8542) to amend the Public Health 
Service Act to authorize grants to States, 
Indian Tribes, Tribal organizations, Urban 
Indian organizations, and political subdivi-
sions thereof to hire, employ, train, and dis-
patch mental health professionals to respond 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:40 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE7.000
H22SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE
® 
Pdnted on recycled papfil 

 -Page 0-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H8070 
September 22, 2022 
in lieu of law enforcement officers in emer-
gencies involving one or more persons with a 
mental illness or an intellectual or develop-
mental disability, and for other purposes. All 
points of order against consideration of the 
bill are waived. The bill shall be considered 
as read. All points of order against provi-
sions in the bill are waived. The previous 
question shall be considered as ordered on 
the bill and on any amendment thereto to 
final passage without intervening motion ex-
cept: (1) 30 minutes of debate equally divided 
and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-
nority member of the Committee on Energy 
and Commerce or their respective designees; 
and (2) one motion to recommit. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mrs. 
DEMINGS). The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts is recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. MCGOVERN. Madam Speaker, for 
the purpose of debate only, I yield the 
customary 30 minutes to the gentle-
woman 
from 
Minnesota 
(Mrs. 
FISCHBACH), pending which I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. Dur-
ing consideration of this resolution, all 
time yielded is for the purpose of de-
bate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Mr. MCGOVERN. Madam Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-
bers be given 5 legislative days to re-
vise and extend their remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts? 
There was no objection. 
Mr. MCGOVERN. Madam Speaker, 
yesterday the Rules Committee met 
and reported a rule, House Resolution 
1377, providing for consideration of four 
measures: H.R. 4118, H.R. 6448; H.R. 
5768, and H.R. 8542, all under closed 
rules. 
For H.R. 4118 and H.R. 6448, the rule 
provides 30 minutes of general debate 
equally divided and controlled by the 
chair and ranking minority member of 
the Committee on the Judiciary for 
each bill and motions to recommit for 
each measure. 
For H.R. 5768, the rule provides 30 
minutes of general debate equally di-
vided and controlled by the chair and 
ranking minority member of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, self-executes 
a manager’s amendment from Chair-
man NADLER, and provides a motion to 
recommit. 
For H.R. 8542, the bill provides 30 
minutes of general debate equally di-
vided and controlled by the chair and 
ranking minority member of the Com-
mittee on Energy and Commerce and a 
motion to recommit. 
Madam Speaker, Democrats in this 
Congress have been focused on building 
safer communities since day one. We 
believe that every child in America de-
serves the safety and security of grow-
ing up in a community free from vio-
lence, trusting that the people who 
keep them safe will do that regardless 
of the color of their skin or the ZIP 
Code that they live in. We believe that 
the need to fight crime and improve 
safety in our communities should unite 
us, not divide us. 
These are good bills that we are con-
sidering today that will make our com-
munities safer. 
The Mental Health Justice Act cre-
ates a grant program for States and 
local governments to train and dis-
patch mental health professionals to 
respond to emergencies that involve 
people with behavioral needs. 
The VICTIM Act establishes a grant 
program to hire, train, and retain de-
tectives and victim services personnel 
to investigate shootings and support 
victims. 
The Break the Cycle of Violence Act 
provides grants to communities for evi-
dence-based community violence inter-
vention and prevention programs de-
signed to interrupt cycles of violence. 
The Invest to Protect Act creates a 
grant program to provide police depart-
ments of fewer than 125 officers train-
ing resources for calls involving people 
with substance use disorders, mental 
health needs, and for people with dis-
abilities. 
I am glad that we are moving forward 
today. I am thankful to my colleagues 
who have worked on these bills. 
Do I want more? 
Of course. 
Will I keep fighting for us to do 
more? 
Absolutely. 
The truth is we still haven’t made 
meaningful gains when it comes to ac-
countability. The House passed the 
George Floyd Justice in Policing Act. 
Sadly, the Senate is yet to act on that 
bill. 
But I don’t want the perfect to be the 
enemy of the good, and if you don’t 
like what is in one of these bills or all 
of them, then you can vote against 
them. But I strongly urge everybody on 
both sides of the aisle to vote ‘‘yes’’ on 
the rule so we can at least move this 
forward and have the opportunity to 
debate these measures. 
I am confident that many of the pro-
visions of these four bills will help save 
lives. But this conversation can’t end 
here. We need to keep making our com-
munities safer in new, innovative, and 
imaginative ways. We can start by 
passing this rule and passing the un-
derlying legislation. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mrs. FISCHBACH. Madam Speaker, I 
thank the Representative and my col-
league on the Rules Committee from 
Massachusetts for yielding me the cus-
tomary 30 minutes, and I yield myself 
such time as I may consume. 
Madam Speaker, this morning we are 
here to debate a rule providing for a se-
ries of bills that have been noticed 
multiple times going back as far as 
July. But we in the Rules Committee 
were given 1 hour to consider the 
changes that have been negotiated—ne-
gotiated internally—within the major-
ity conference with no minority input. 
Presumably, the changes were made at 
the behest of the leftwing defund-the- 
police activists who, unfortunately, 
have become the loudest voice in their 
party. 
It seems to me that these bills are a 
very transparent response to the nega-
tive reaction Democrats have experi-
enced as a result of these continued 
calls while crime is understandably 
skyrocketing. 
The VICTIM Act creates a new Fed-
eral grant program to help local gov-
ernments cut down on homicide and 
nonfatal shooting backlogs. The funds 
can be used for hiring and training de-
tectives and processing personnel, up-
grading or replacing investigative or 
evidence-processing 
technology, 
and 
improving resources for victims and 
their families. 
First of all, these programs largely 
replicate existing programs managed 
by the Department of Justice. This, 
again, reminds us of why we have been 
called to this debate. It is not to solve 
a problem. It is so that my Democrat 
colleagues can look like they are solv-
ing problems. Furthermore, programs 
like this would not be needed if the left 
had not prioritized defunding the police 
over keeping our country’s citizens 
safe. 
This bill effectively bails out govern-
ments like Austin, Philadelphia, and 
Rochester, New York, that decreased 
police budgets over the years. 
The Invest to Protect Act expands 
COPS grant programs to include police 
departments with fewer than 125 law 
enforcement officers. Funds may be 
used for training, body cameras, sign-
ing and retention bonuses, and pro-
viding access to mental health serv-
ices. 
Just to point out, there is a clause in 
this bill that explicitly says that the 
Attorney General can give preference 
to activities that have nothing to do 
with recruitment or retention. 
Madam Speaker, the left has been ac-
tively fighting against law enforce-
ment, and, as a result, the American 
people are angry. They are angry about 
the increases in violent crimes across 
the country, and they are angry about 
repeat offenders being released to com-
mit even more serious crimes. 
b 0915 
They are angry that even after mak-
ing these concerns clear, Democrats 
have been ignoring them in favor of an 
extreme anti-police agenda. This is a 
last-ditch effort for them to act like 
they are not deeply out of touch with 
the country, coming just in time to see 
the results from election polling. 
This is an effort to sweep under the 
rug that my colleagues in the majority 
will seek private security while simul-
taneously seeking cuts to police budg-
ets. My colleagues in the majority 
want to distract from the statements 
of 
their 
Members 
that 
apparently 
defunding the police is only one step 
toward fully dismantling police depart-
ments. 
My colleagues want to distract from 
the fact that even some of the most 
senior officials of the Biden adminis-
tration are echoing or applauding ef-
forts to reduce budgets of law enforce-
ment. Despite this hollow effort, I am 
confident the American people see 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:40 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE7.002
H22SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 1-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H8071 
September 22, 2022 
right through this charade and view 
this for what it is, a political exercise. 
Madam Speaker, I oppose the rule, I 
ask Members to do the same, and I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. MCGOVERN. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Madam Speaker, I have great respect 
for my colleague from Minnesota and 
appreciate serving with her on the 
Rules Committee, but I think the only 
talk about politics here is from the 
gentlewoman from Minnesota. 
She talks about defunding the police. 
The bills that are before us are grant 
programs. So I am not sure what she is 
talking about. If you want to talk 
about politics, fine, let’s talk about 
voting records. 
Madam Speaker, I include in the 
RECORD a Washington Post article ti-
tled 
‘‘21 
House 
Republicans 
vote 
against awarding Congressional Gold 
Medal to all police officers who re-
sponded on January 6.’’ 
[From the Washington Post, June 15, 2022] 
21 HOUSE REPUBLICANS VOTE AGAINST AWARD-
ING CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL
TO ALL 
POLICE OFFICERS WHO RESPONDED ON JAN. 6 
(By Felicia Sonmez) 
Twenty-one House Republicans on Tuesday 
voted against awarding the Congressional 
Gold Medal to all police officers who re-
sponded to the Jan. 6 violent attack on the 
Capitol by a pro-Trump mob. 
The measure passed the House with over-
whelming bipartisan support from 406 law-
makers. But the 21 Republicans who voted 
‘‘no’’ drew immediate condemnation from 
some of their colleagues, and the vote under-
scored the lingering tensions in Congress 
amid efforts by some GOP lawmakers to 
whitewash the events of that day. 
Rep. Robert C. ‘‘Bobby’’ Scott (D-Va.) 
called the ‘‘no’’ votes ‘‘a sad commentary on 
the 
@HouseGOP,’’ 
while 
Rep. 
Adam 
Kinzinger (R-Ill.) declared, ‘‘How you can 
vote no to this is beyond me.’’ 
‘‘Then again, denying an insurrection is as 
well,’’ Kinzinger, a vocal critic of former 
president Donald Trump, said in a tweet. 
‘‘To the brave Capitol (and DC metro PD) 
thank you. To the 21: they will continue to 
defend your right to vote no anyway.’’ 
In an interview on CNN Tuesday night, 
Rep. Gerald E. Connolly (D-Va.) called the 21 
‘‘no’’ votes ‘‘a new low for this crowd.’’ 
‘‘They voted to overturn an election. But 
in their vote today, they kind of sealed the 
deal of basically affiliating with the mob,’’ 
Connolly said. ‘‘They now are part of the in-
surrectionist mob. They brought enormous 
disrepute and dishonor on themselves in not 
honoring the brave men and women who de-
fended the Capitol of the United States—ev-
erybody in it, but also defending the symbol 
of democracy in the world, not just here in 
the United States.’’ 
In March, when an initial version of the 
legislation was brought to the House floor, a 
dozen Republicans voted against the meas-
ure. Many of those who voted ‘‘no’’ said they 
objected to the use of the term ‘‘insurrec-
tionists’’ in the resolution. 
Those GOP lawmakers included Reps. 
Andy Biggs (Ariz.), Thomas Massie (Ky.), 
Andy Harris (Md.), Lance Gooden (Tex.), 
Matt Gaetz (Fla.), Marjorie Taylor Greene 
(Ga.), Louie Gohmert (Tex.), Michael Cloud 
(Tex.), Andrew S. Clyde (Ga.), Greg Steube 
(Fla.), Bob Good (Va.) and John Rose (Tenn.). 
The House and Senate then remained in a 
standoff for three months over whether to 
honor all law enforcement who responded on 
Jan. 6 or to award the Congressional Gold 
Medal to one officer in particular, Capitol 
Police Officer Eugene Goodman, who single- 
handedly diverted an angry mob away from 
the Senate chamber. 
The Senate had already unanimously voted 
to give the Gold Medal exclusively to Good-
man. The medal, bestowed by Congress, is a 
symbol of national appreciation for distin-
guished achievements. 
Ultimately, 
both 
chambers 
agreed 
to 
slightly modify the House legislation. Four 
Gold Medals will be awarded: one for the 
Capitol Police, one for the D.C. police, an-
other for the Smithsonian Institution and 
another to be displayed inside the Capitol 
building along with a plaque that names all 
law enforcement agencies who helped repel 
the rioters that day. 
On Tuesday, Gooden, one of the 12 House 
Republicans who voted against the legisla-
tion in March, voted in favor of the new bill. 
But the number of opposing votes grew, 
with 10 other House Republicans switching 
their votes from ‘‘yes’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
Those 
Republicans 
are 
Reps. 
Lauren 
Boebert (Colo.), Barry Moore (Ala.), Ralph 
Norman 
(S.C.), 
Matthew 
M. 
Rosendale 
(Mont.), Chip Roy (Tex.), Paul A. Gosar 
(Ariz.), Warren Davidson (Ohio), Scott Perry 
(Pa.), Jody Hice (Ga.) and Mary Miller (Ill.). 
Some of those who voted ‘‘no’’ on Tuesday 
said they objected to the use of the words 
‘‘temple’’ or ‘‘insurrection’’ in the resolu-
tion. 
‘‘I wouldn’t call it an insurrection,’’ 
Greene said, according to Politico. 
Some House Republicans, such as Clyde, 
have sought to recast the violent mob’s ac-
tions on Jan. 6 as little different from a 
‘‘normal tourist visit’’ to the Capitol. Others 
have sought to play down that day’s events 
in different ways. 
During the storming of the Capitol on Jan. 
6, rioters attempted to break into the House 
chamber, punching and busting glass, result-
ing in the death of Ashli Babbitt, whom po-
lice shot when she attempted to climb 
through a shattered glass door. 
Gosar has previously claimed that Babbitt 
had been ‘‘executed’’—even though she defied 
police warnings and the officer who fatally 
shot her was cleared of any criminal wrong-
doing. 
Gosar did so again Tuesday, claiming dur-
ing a House hearing that a Capitol Police of-
ficer was ‘‘lying in wait’’ for Babbitt and 
that she was ‘‘executed,’’ Politico reported. 
Rep. Liz Cheney (R-Wyo.), who was ousted 
from House Republican leadership over her 
criticism of Trump’s role in the Jan. 6 insur-
rection, denounced Gosar’s remarks Tuesday 
evening. 
Mr. MCGOVERN. Madam Speaker, 
you heard that right: 21 of our col-
leagues across the aisle opposed a sim-
ple bill honoring the heroes of January 
6; officers who now bear physical and 
psychological scars from that day be-
cause they fought to protect us in the 
Capitol. It is disgraceful. Yet, nothing 
about that from the other side of the 
aisle in terms of just how disgraceful 
that was. 
You can talk politics, but if you want 
to talk about the substance of these 
bills, then do so and acknowledge what 
they are. They are bills that will help 
make our community safer. They are 
bills that, quite frankly—I should also 
point out that I think all but one of the 
bills is the same as they were in July. 
I am not quite sure what the fuss 
over the fact that we are bringing 
these things up right now is all about. 
They are good bills that will help make 
our community safer. Look, I trust 
that we pass the rule. Some thoughtful 
Republicans will vote in favor of some 
of them or all of them. 
If you don’t believe that this is an 
appropriate thing to do, then you can 
vote ‘‘no.’’ That is your right, and you 
can go home and explain it to your 
constituents. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mrs. FISCHBACH. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Madam Speaker, I believe it is two 
bills that are different, but we can 
check on that just to make sure that 
we understand what is going on. 
To further illustrate the political 
charade, my colleagues in the majority 
have blocked any effort to include 
thoughtful policy solutions proposed 
by House Republicans. 
In the Rules Committee, I even of-
fered a motion to consider a bill I pro-
posed earlier this year to support our 
law enforcement’s efforts to train our 
next generation of peace officers. H.R. 
7421, the Law Enforcement Education 
Grant Program Act of 2022, was a prod-
uct of discussions with Minnesota 
State patrol officers and other mem-
bers of the local community regarding 
the difficulty of not only hiring new of-
ficers but even finding potential re-
cruits. 
Police departments across the coun-
try are experiencing a serious shortage 
of officers. This lack of qualified offi-
cers has led to a drastic increase in 
crime. We need to invest in recruiting 
a number of well-trained and highly 
educated police officers to help keep 
our communities safe. 
This bill provides education grants of 
up to $4,000 per year, not exceeding 
$16,000 total, to a student who is pur-
suing their first degree in a law en-
forcement or criminal justice-related 
field. As a requirement of receiving the 
grant, the applicant must commit to 
serving as a full-time law enforcement 
officer for 4 years within an 8-year pe-
riod of completing their studies. 
In order to instill integrity of the 
program and prevent abuse, if an appli-
cant fails to complete their service re-
quirements, the grants will be con-
verted back into a loan and the appli-
cant will be required to pay it back. 
In order to ensure flexibility over 
what education program best fits the 
student, the grants are distributed di-
rectly to candidates, not educational 
institutions. 
In 
addition, 
the 
cur-
riculum at an institution must have 
been approved by the State’s Police Of-
ficer Standard and Training Board, or 
the related State agency. 
Finally, there are exemptions from 
the clawback bill for officers who are 
injured in the line of duty and cannot 
serve out their 4-year requirement. 
These are the types of solutions that 
the majority refuses to even debate or 
bring forward under this rule. It fur-
ther supports my argument that this is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:00 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.004
H22SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 2-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H8072 
September 22, 2022 
simply political theatre, covering up 
for years of dangerous and irrespon-
sible rhetoric that has put law enforce-
ment in harm’s way time and time 
again. 
I would just like to add that there 
are many, many good and positive Re-
publican proposals out there that the 
majority refuses to even consider in 
committee, and this is just one exam-
ple of those. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. MCGOVERN. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Madam Speaker, just for the record, 
because I think it is important to have 
an accurate record, the text of three of 
these bills has been available for over a 
month. Even the manager’s amend-
ment on the VICTIM Act of 2022, which 
the distinguished gentlewoman from 
Florida (Mrs. DEMINGS) has introduced 
has been available for almost a month. 
Again, the only one talking about 
politics is the gentlewoman from Min-
nesota, but I guess that is all they 
have. 
Madam Speaker, I include in the 
RECORD letters in support of the VIC-
TIM Act of 2022 from the National As-
sociation of Police Organizations, from 
the National Fraternal Order of Police, 
from the International Association of 
Chiefs of Police, from the National Po-
lice Foundation, all in support of the 
VICTIM Act. 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF 
POLICE ORGANIZATIONS, INC., 
Alexandria, VA, June 14, 2022. 
Hon. JERROLD NADLER, 
Chair, Committee on the Judiciary, 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
Hon. JIM JORDAN, 
Ranking Member, Committee on the Judiciary, 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
DEAR
CHAIRMAN
NADLER
AND
RANKING 
MEMBER JORDAN: On behalf of the National 
Association of Police Organizations (NAPO), 
representing over 241,000 sworn law enforce-
ment officers across the United States, I am 
writing to advise you of our support for the 
Violent Incident Clearance and Techno-
logical Investigative Methods (VICTIM) Act, 
H.R. 5768, and thank the Committee for con-
sidering this legislation. 
Our nation’s cities and communities are 
experiencing a historic rise in violent crime. 
Murders and non-fatal shootings are going 
unresolved at higher rates as law enforce-
ment agencies do not have the officers and 
resources to dedicate to improving clearance 
rates for these horrendous crimes. The VIC-
TIM Act will help address this issue by sup-
plying much needed grant funding to agen-
cies to fill, replenish, train, and support 
their detective and homicide personnel. 
Through this legislation, law enforcement 
will be able to focus on solving these violent 
crimes that have such a detrimental impact 
on our communities and improve the serv-
ices that they render to victims. 
We urge the Committee to join us in sup-
port of the VICTIM Act and we look forward 
to working with you to ensure law enforce-
ment agencies have the support and re-
sources necessary to serve and protect our 
communities. 
Sincerely, 
WILLIAM J. JOHNSON, Esq., 
Executive Director. 
NATIONAL FRATERNAL 
ORDER OF POLICE, 
Washington DC, 13 June 2022. 
Hon. JERROLD L. NADLER, 
Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
Hon. JAMES D. JORDAN, 
Ranking Member, Committee on the Judiciary, 
House of Representatives, Washington DC. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVES NADLER AND JOR-
DAN: I am writing on behalf of the members 
of the Fraternal Order of Police to advise 
you of our support for H.R. 5768, the ‘‘Violent 
Incident Clearance and Technological Inves-
tigative Methods (VICTIM) Act’’ and H.R. 
6528, the ‘‘Active Shooter Alert Act’’ and to 
urge the Committee to favorably report 
these bills. 
In 2020, the United States saw the largest 
rise in homicides since the start of national 
record-keeping in 1960. Approximately 21,570 
people were murdered in the United States in 
2020—the most since 1995—and a 29.4 percent 
increase over 2019. Additionally, the FBI es-
timates that 77 percent of all murders in the 
United States in 2020 were via firearms, up 
from 73 percent in 2019. At the same time 
that the murder rate rose, the clearance rate 
for murders fell significantly, from 61.4 per-
cent in 2019 to 54.4 percent in 2020. In cities 
with a population above 250,000, the rate was 
even more dramatic, falling from 57.6 per-
cent in 2019 to 47.3 percent in 2020. 
Homicide cases can be very difficult to 
clear—especially those committed via a fire-
arm—and non-fatal shootings even more so. 
Closing these types of crimes requires dili-
gence, manpower, and a sustained investiga-
tive effort. Given the limited resources of 
law enforcement agencies, it’s important to 
provide the significant, dedicated resources 
that clearing these crimes requires, espe-
cially given their oftentimes heinous nature. 
The VICTIM Act would establish a grant 
program administered by the U.S. Depart-
ment of Justice (DOJ) to help State, Tribal, 
and local law enforcement agencies improve 
their clearance rates for homicides and non- 
fatal shootings. Agencies can use these grant 
funds to train or hire additional detectives, 
investigators, or other police personnel that 
can investigate, solve, and respond to homi-
cides and non-fatal shootings. The grants 
can also be used to improve training for 
agency personnel to address the needs of vic-
tims and family members of homicides and 
non-fatal shootings. 
These important resources would improve 
law enforcement agencies’ abilities to close 
homicide cases, which would punish the per-
petrators of these crimes, provide justice for 
the victims and their families, and grant 
peace of mind for communities and the dedi-
cated law enforcement officers that serve 
them. 
Active shooter events, however, are not 
like normal firearms homicides cases. Rath-
er than focusing on investigative methods 
after the fact, these kinds of events place a 
premium on the abilities of law enforcement 
to quickly react to a fluid and oftentimes 
unclear situation. Responding to an active 
shooter event is chaotic and can be fraught 
with peril, especially when the incident is 
not confined to one location. Law enforce-
ment officers must prioritize preserving lives 
and ending the threat. Simultaneously, they 
need a way to notify the public about the in-
cident, whether that is to avoid a certain 
area, shelter in place, or announce when the 
area is once again safe. The ‘‘Active Shooter 
Alert Act’’ is designed to improve the ways 
officers and agencies communicate with the 
public about active threats. 
The bill would establish a national coordi-
nator within the U.S. Department of Justice 
(DOJ) to set up and administer an Active 
Shooter Alert Communications Network. 
The Active Shooter Alert Coordinator, in co-
ordination with other Federal components 
like the Federal Emergency Management 
Agency (FEMA), the U.S. Department of 
Transportation (DOT), and the Federal Com-
munications Commission (FCC), would de-
velop best practices and training on the use 
of a secure communications system during 
an active shooter event. We believe as you 
all do—having a network for informing the 
public during these critical incidents will 
save lives. 
On behalf of the more than 364,000 members 
of the Fraternal Order of Police, I am proud 
to offer our support for these pieces of legis-
lation. 
Sincerely, 
PATRICK YOES, 
National President. 
INTERNATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF 
CHIEFS OF POLICE, 
Alexandria, VA, June 14, 2022. 
Hon. JERROLD NADLER, 
Chair, Committee on the Judiciary, 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
Hon. JIM JORDAN, 
Ranking Member, Committee on the Judiciary, 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
DEAR CHAIR NADLER AND RANKING MEMBER 
JORDAN: On behalf of the International Asso-
ciation of Chiefs of Police (IACP), I am writ-
ing to express our strong support for H.R. 
5768, the Violent Incident Clearance and 
Technological Investigative Methods Act of 
2021’’ (VICTIM Act). By providing dedicated 
resources to law enforcement agencies to en-
hance their abilities to successfully inves-
tigate violent criminal acts, the VICTIM Act 
will bring justice to victims, remove violent 
offenders from our communities and bring 
closure to families. 
Specifically, 
the 
VICTIM 
Act 
would, 
through a newly established a Department of 
Justice grant program, provide state, tribal 
and local law enforcement agencies with 
much needed resources to assist them in en-
hancing 
their 
investigatory 
capabilities. 
This includes allowing agencies to: 
hire and retain detectives to investigate 
homicide and non-fatal shootings; 
acquire resources for processing evidence, 
including the hiring of additional personnel; 
hire personnel trained to analyze criminal 
intelligence and crime trends; 
ensure victim services are sufficiently 
staffed, funded, and trained. 
The IACP urges the Judiciary Committee 
and the members of the United States House 
of Representative to support and approve 
H.R. 5768. 
Sincerely, 
CHIEF DWIGHT E. HENNINGER, 
IACP President. 
NATIONAL POLICE FOUNDATION, 
February 18, 2022. 
Hon. VAL DEMINGS, 
House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR REP. DEMINGS: I write on behalf of 
the National Police Foundation to enthu-
siastically support H.R. 5768, the VICTIM 
Act. The National Police Foundation is an 
independent and nonpartisan organization 
dedicated to advancing policing through in-
novation and science. 
Many communities across America are 
dealing with increases in crime or concerns 
over their continued safety. In many places, 
violent crime and shootings have increased 
exponentially. 
The grants authorized in the VICTIM Act 
will help law enforcement agencies overcome 
some of the challenges associated with re-
sponding to the current increase in violent 
crime. More specifically, this bill will pro-
vide law enforcement with critical resources 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:40 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00004
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.005
H22SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 3-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H8073 
September 22, 2022 
to address staffing challenges, enhance their 
forensics capabilities, further deploy inves-
tigative technologies, and provide services to 
victims of violent crime and their families. 
Thank you for your continued leadership 
and support for America’s law enforcement 
officers and all the people they serve. We 
look forward to seeing this bill become law 
and the resources getting into the hands of 
law enforcement where they are so critically 
needed. We commend you and the other 
sponsors for your commitment to funding 
the police and giving them the tools they 
need to protect and serve. 
Sincerely, 
JIM BURCH, 
President. 
Mr. MCGOVERN. Madam Speaker, I 
would respectfully suggest to my col-
league that they are supporting this 
legislation not because of politics, they 
are supporting it because they think it 
is actually good for our communities 
and will make our communities safer. 
Madam Speaker, I include in the 
RECORD a Forbes article titled ‘‘Trump 
Loyalists’ Calls To Defund the FBI, 
and Other Hypocrisies.’’ 
[From Forbes, Aug. 12, 2022] 
TRUMP LOYALISTS’ CALLS TO DEFUND THE 
FBI, AND OTHER HYPOCRISIES 
(By Shaun Harper) 
Federal Bureau of Investigation agents ex-
ecuted a warrant to search former U.S. 
President Donald Trump’s Mar-a-Lago estate 
in Palm Beach, Florida this week. They were 
reportedly looking for classified documents 
that weren’t supposed to leave the White 
House during the presidential transition. 
Materials for which the FBI was looking ap-
parently have national security implica-
tions. In a press conference yesterday, Attor-
ney General Merrick Garland said he ‘‘per-
sonally approved’’ the search of Trump’s 
home. 
Shockingly and ironically, many Trump 
loyalists are calling for the FBI to be 
defunded. 
Following the police-executed murders of 
George Floyd and Breonna Taylor in 2020, 
Black Lives Matter activists and other 
Americans called for a defunding of police 
departments across the country. Trump, 
most of his supporters, and several others 
fiercely rejected this proposal. They praised 
law enforcement officers and advanced what 
became known as the ‘‘Blue Lives Matter’’ 
campaign. There was occasional acknowledg-
ment that a small number of bad apples 
sometimes engage in bad behaviors. But sys-
temic racism in policing? Absolutely not. 
Opponents of the defund the police move-
ment loudly applauded the bravery, sac-
rifice, and integrity of law enforcement offi-
cers. 
Trump supporters who opposed defunding 
the police two years ago are now calling for 
the FBI, a law enforcement agency, to be 
defunded. Among them is Florida Republican 
congressional candidate Anthony Sabatini, 
who in a CNN interview deemed the FBI ‘‘to-
tally useless.’’ He also wants FBI agents to 
be arrested. 
Garland, our nation’s top cop, ‘‘needs to be 
assassinated,’’ one person who may (or may 
not) be a Trump supporter tweeted. This is 
just one of many social media posts this 
week calling for violence against the Attor-
ney General and the FBI. Ricky Shiffer, an 
armed man who allegedly fired into an FBI 
office building with a nail gun and was 
armed with an AR-15-style rifle, was killed 
following a car chase and standoff with law 
enforcement officers in Cincinnati yester-
day. Shiffer was allegedly part of pro-Trump 
extremist groups that attacked the U.S. Cap-
itol last year. 
The hypocrisy over opposing defunding the 
police in 2020, but calling for the FBI to be 
defunded now, is clear—though not at all 
atypical. Trump loyalists have done versions 
of this before. 
‘‘Lock her up,’’ they chanted, as 2016 
Democratic Presidential nominee Hillary 
Clinton was accused of storing classified in-
formation on private, unencrypted email 
servers in her home. Paradoxically, a version 
of this is why FBI agents searched Trump’s 
Florida estate this week. 
The same group that reached determina-
tions of Clinton’s guilt before, during, and 
after the investigation of her swiftly deter-
mined that the FBI is wrong about Trump 
and should therefore be defunded. 
Another example are the ‘‘My Body, My 
Choice’’ posters that many Trump sup-
porters carried during rallies held through-
out the pandemic to oppose masking and 
vaccine mandates. That phrase had been long 
used in pro-choice demonstrations. Most 
Trump supporters aren’t pro-choice, right? 
The opposition of President Barack Obama 
nominating Merrick Garland for the Su-
preme Court seat that became vacant eight 
months prior to the 2016 election is a third 
example of hypocrisy. Trump supporters and 
other GOP members successfully argued that 
an outgoing president shouldn’t have the au-
thority to nominate a new justice to the 
Court with so little time remaining in his 
tenure. Yet, many of those same politicians 
and other conservatives were fully on board 
with Trump nominating Amy Coney Barrett 
to the Supreme Court just 38 days before the 
2020 presidential election. 
And then there is the racialized double 
standard that played out in the January 6 
Capitol Insurrection. On June 1, 2020, a group 
of mostly peaceful demonstrators gathered 
near the White House to protest George 
Floyd’s murder. They killed no one and did 
no damage to the White House or any other 
federal building. But Trump still called in 
the National Guard to aggressively remove 
them from the streets. His supporters de-
fended the president’s decision. Just six 
months later, hundreds of angry Trump loy-
alists, most of them white, violently at-
tacked the U.S. Capitol. Their actions re-
sulted in five deaths and the injuries of 140 
law enforcement officers. 
The inescapably obvious role that race 
played in the January 6 insurrection hasn’t 
been talked about much, if at all, in the re-
cent congressional hearings. Had Black 
Americans attacked the Capitol, I am cer-
tain that Trump supporters, as well as other 
conservatives and liberals alike, would have 
reached near-unanimous agreement on what 
happened that day and the necessary legal 
repercussions. I also remain convinced that 
most Black protestors would have been im-
mediately killed had they scaled and other-
wise violently entered any federal building, 
let alone the one in which Vice President 
Mike Pence and congresspersons were meet-
ing at the time. Trump and his loyalists 
surely would’ve argued those Black insurrec-
tionists deserved whatever law enforcement 
officers did to them that day, hence the hy-
pocrisy. 
Mr. MCGOVERN. Madam Speaker, I 
remind my Republican colleagues that 
just last month a number of them 
openly 
and 
unabashedly 
messaged 
around defunding and dismantling the 
FBI. Some even sold campaign mer-
chandise with that tagline. Let that 
sink in, I would say to my colleagues. 
In any event, pass the rule. Let’s 
have the debate on these bills. If you 
want to promote safer communities, 
then you will support them. If you 
want to just do politics as usual, then 
you will follow the lead of my col-
league 
from 
Minnesota 
and 
vote 
against them. 
Madam Speaker, these are good bills, 
and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mrs. FISCHBACH. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Madam Speaker, my colleague from 
Massachusetts says, oh, these were 
available; these were available for over 
a month. 
Then my question would be: Then 
why the emergency meeting yesterday? 
Why, with an hour’s notice, the Rules 
Committee is called together to push 
these bills through, other than some 
kind of political charade to get these 
bills to the floor today at 9 o’clock in 
the morning with very little notice? 
It seems to me that as much as he 
says there are no changes, and that 
they have been available, still, an 
emergency meeting with an hour’s no-
tice at 3:25 in the afternoon yesterday, 
it seems like they are pushing things 
through without the notice that the 
American people and the Members of 
Congress deserve. 
Our Nation’s law enforcement offi-
cers put on a badge every day and 
bravely put themselves in harm’s way 
to keep our communities safe. The past 
few years have been especially dan-
gerous for America’s police as a direct 
result of the Democrat-led defund the 
police movement, and their soft-on- 
crime policies. 
Cities across the country have suf-
fered a dramatic increase in crime. 
Carjacking and smash-and-grab rob-
beries are now common. Last year, 
major cities broke their annual homi-
cide records. The national rise in crime 
has devastating costs for the commu-
nities and, also, for local police. 
In California, Kern County Deputy 
Sheriff Phillip Campas was killed in 
the line of duty after his SWAT team 
responded to a domestic violence call. 
He was a marine veteran and a dedi-
cated father whose legacy of heroism 
will never be forgotten. 
In New York, New York City Police 
Officer Vogel was seen running through 
Times Square toward an ambulance 
after saving a 4-year-old girl who had 
been struck by a stray bullet. The offi-
cer’s bravery and quick thinking made 
all the difference in getting the girl to 
safety. 
In Alabama, Wilcox County Con-
stable Madison Nicholson, who had pro-
tected his community for over 40 years, 
was shot and killed in the line of duty 
when he and a sheriff’s deputy were re-
sponding to a domestic disturbance. 
Our police are under attack like 
never before. According to the FBI, 
more police officers were murdered in 
the line of duty during President 
Biden’s first year in office than in any 
year since 1995. Many of them were 
killed in ambush-style or unprovoked 
attacks. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:00 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00005
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE7.006
H22SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 4-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H8074 
September 22, 2022 
Not only have calls to defund, dis-
mantle, or abolish the police that come 
from the activists, or even within the 
Halls of Congress, have created a more 
treacherous climate for officers, but it 
has also negatively impacted morale 
among the police. 
Nationwide, law enforcement agen-
cies are short 7 percent of filling budg-
eted positions, and retirements are up 
45 percent. Law enforcement is our es-
sential line of defense in maintaining 
law and order. They deserve America’s 
and Congress’ full support. 
House Republicans are grateful to 
our law enforcement officers for their 
service to our communities and under-
stand the incredible commitment they 
make in choosing to wear the uniform. 
We will always stand with our men and 
women in blue and their families. 
House Democrats would like to use 
these bills to convince the American 
people of the same, but Americans 
know and understand. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. MCGOVERN. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Madam Speaker, first of all, I thank 
the gentlewoman from Minnesota for 
conceding that the text of three of the 
bills was available for a month. I am 
glad we could set the record straight 
on that. 
The second thing I will say is that at 
least two of these bills have bipartisan 
cosponsorship. The VICTIM Act has 
four Republican cosponsors. The Invest 
to Protect Act has 24 Republican co-
sponsors. Maybe they didn’t get the 
memo that they are supposed to put 
politics ahead of people, but the bot-
tom line is they are cosponsors of this. 
I would expect, unless their arms are 
twisted, that they will vote for the 
bills on final passage. 
Madam Speaker, I include in the 
RECORD a letter from 101 human rights, 
civil rights, racial justice, religiously 
affiliated, and gun safety organizations 
who wrote in support of Congressman 
HORSFORD’s bill, H.R. 4118, the Break 
the Cycle of Violence Act. I think that 
is worth noting. 
JULY 30, 2021. 
We the undersigned 101 human rights, civil 
rights, racial justice, religiously affiliated 
and gun safety organizations write in sup-
port of the Break the Cycle of Violence Act 
(S. 2275/H.R. 4118). We urge you to swiftly 
pass the Break the Cycle of Violence Act to 
provide at least $5 billion in federal funding 
over eight years for community gun violence 
prevention programs. 
Gun violence in the U.S. is a crisis, dis-
proportionately impacting Black and Brown 
communities nationwide. Gun homicides are 
the leading cause of death among Black men 
ages 15–34 and the second-leading cause of 
death for Latino men and boys of the same 
age range. Black men are more than ten 
times as likely to be the victims of gun 
homicides than white men. In 2019, 14,414 
people died from gun homicides in the U.S. 
Nearly 60 percent—8,607—of gun homicide 
deaths were Black people. Yet Black people 
represent just 14.7 percent of the U.S. popu-
lation. 
With a surge in gun sales in the wake of 
COVID–19, shootings are increasing across 
the U.S., contributing to the crisis. Accord-
ing to the Centers for Disease Control and 
Prevention, there were 39,707 deaths in 2019, 
the most recent year for which government 
data is available with 14,414 of those being 
gun homicides. The Gun Violence Archive, a 
non-profit organization that tracks and doc-
uments gun injuries and deaths, published 
data in May 2021 indicating that the number 
of deaths in 2020 had risen to a staggering 
43,554 with 19,398 of those being gun homi-
cides. 
Evidence-based, community violence pre-
vention programs have been proven to reduce 
gun violence and save lives, while investing 
resources in impacted communities. There 
are three well-established models of gun vio-
lence prevention programs that have proven 
successful in reducing violence, some of 
which are referenced in both President 
Biden’s executive actions and guidance and 
in the Break the Cycle of Violence Act. The 
Group Violence Intervention (‘‘GVI’’) strat-
egy, a form of problem-oriented policing (as 
opposed to traditional ‘‘incident-driven’’ po-
licing), was first used in the enormously suc-
cessful Operation Ceasefire in Boston in the 
mid-1990s where it was associated with a 61 
percent reduction in youth homicide. The 
program has now been implemented in a 
wide variety of cities with consistently im-
pressive results. An analysis of more than 20 
GVI programs showed a significant reduction 
in firearm violence. The most successful of 
these programs have reduced violent crime 
in cities by an average of 30 percent and im-
proved relations between law enforcement 
officers and the neighborhoods they serve. 
The GVI model has a remarkably strong 
track record: a documented association with 
homicide reductions of 30 to 60 percent. 
A study of the Cure Violence model, first 
implemented in Chicago, found that its im-
plementation in several targeted districts in 
Chicago was associated with a 38 percent 
greater decrease in homicides and a 15 per-
cent greater decrease in shootings, compared 
to districts that did not receive the interven-
tion. A 2018 evaluation of Philadelphia’s Cure 
Violence Program found that shootings de-
creased significantly, compared to other 
matched comparison areas. 
An example of Hospital Based Violence 
Intervention, the third model of evidence- 
based violence prevention programs, is the 
San Francisco Wraparound Project, first in-
troduced in 2005. In its first six years of oper-
ation the Wraparound Project was associated 
with a fourfold decrease in injury recidivism 
(re-injury from gun-shot wounds) rates. 
Moreover, studies have shown that this form 
of intervention saves hospitals money by 
preventing future injuries, both for the pa-
tient and for anyone the patient may have 
considered retaliating against. 
Investment, training, and support for cul-
turally 
appropriate 
violence 
prevention 
workers with lived experience in impacted 
communities has proven successful in cities 
across the U.S., yet lack of political will has 
resulted in many advocates and community 
leaders 
working 
with 
limited 
or 
no 
resources. 
For example, Lamar Johnson of B.R.A.V.E. 
Chicago, said: ‘‘Our after-school program is a 
non-profit- we run it through the church— 
and the funding comes mostly from private 
donors. The majority of the city’s budget 
goes to law enforcement—and that’s not just 
Chicago, that’s most cities. We’ve met with 
mayors’ administrations so many times and 
presented our case, but they don’t give us 
funding. The whole system is so broken, be-
cause the focus is on the criminal justice 
system. If someone is addicted to drugs, they 
go to jail before they go to the hospital to 
get treatment. It’s the mindset.’’ 
Recognizing the effectiveness of these pro-
grams and the heroic people like Lamar who 
lead them, President Biden, on March 31, 
2021, announced his intention to include $5 
billion for gun violence prevention programs 
in the American Jobs Plan. This builds on 
the efforts of Senator Booker and Represent-
ative Horsford to pass the Break the Cycle of 
Violence Act, first introduced in the 116th 
Congress. If passed, it would provide funding 
for federal grants to communities that expe-
rience 20 or more homicides per year and 
have a homicide rate at least twice the na-
tional average, or communities that dem-
onstrate a unique and compelling need for 
additional resources to address gun and 
group-related violence. Each grant awarded 
would be renewable over five years, and 
funds would be commensurate with the scope 
of the proposal and the demonstrated need. 
While it is impossible to place a dollar 
amount on a person’s life or the cost of that 
loss to their families, communities, and 
loved ones, the astronomical financial im-
pact of gun violence on U.S. society cannot 
be overlooked. According to a 2020 study by 
physicians and researchers, gun violence 
costs the U.S. healthcare system $170 billion 
per year. The Health Alliance for Violence 
Intervention estimates it would cost an esti-
mated $827 million per year, or $5.36 billion 
over eight years, to fund sustained and ade-
quate violence intervention programs in the 
48 U.S. cities with the highest rates of vio-
lence—hence the call on Congress to pass at 
least $5 billion over eight years for commu-
nity gun violence prevention programs. 
With sustained investment into gun vio-
lence prevention programs and a national 
comprehensive strategy aimed at reducing 
gun violence, particularly in Black and 
Brown communities, Congress can make in-
roads to reducing gun violence in all commu-
nities and ensure the right of everyone to 
live free from the threat of gun violence. 
Congress has an obligation to take action to 
invest in communities ravaged by gun vio-
lence and to make efforts to prevent gun vio-
lence and protect the lives and safety of all 
individuals, particularly in the face of evi-
dence that the 2020 gun-related injury and 
death tolls in the U.S. have been the highest 
in decades. 
We urge Congress to act urgently to pass 
the Break the Cycle of Violence Act to en-
sure at least $5 billion in federal funding 
over eight years for community gun violence 
prevention programs that save lives. 
Sincerely, 
Amnesty International USA, Community 
Justice Action Fund, ACLU, African Amer-
ican Ministers in Action, Ban Assault Weap-
ons Now!, Brady, BRAVE Youth Leaders, 
Ceasefire Oregon, Ceasefire Pennsylvania, 
Center for American Progress, The Coalition 
to Stop Gun Violence, CommonSpirit Health, 
Congregation of Sisters of St. Agnes and the 
CSA-USA Associate Community Congrega-
tion of the Sisters of St. Joseph of Peace, CT 
Against Gun Violence. 
Dominican Sisters of Houston, Dominican 
Sisters—Grand Rapids, Dominican Sisters of 
Sinsinawa, Everytown for Gun Safety, First 
Unitarian Universalist Church of Houston, 
Franciscan 
Action 
Network, 
Franciscan 
Peace Center, Franciscan Sisters of the Sa-
cred Heart, Generation Progress, Giffords, 
GPEC-ICHV, Grandmothers Against Gun Vi-
olence, Grey Nuns of the Sacred Heart, Gun 
Violence 
Prevention 
PAC 
Illinois, 
The 
Health Alliance for Violence Intervention, 
Holy Spirit Missionary Sisters, USA-JPIC. 
Honor with Action Coalition, Houston 
League of Business & Professional Women, 
IHM Sisters—Justice, Peace and Sustain-
ability Office, Indivisible Northern Nevada, 
Institute of the Blessed Virgin Mary, Inter-
community 
Peace 
and 
Justice 
Center, 
Iowans for Gun Safety, Jewish Women Inter-
national, www.Journey4ward.org, Leadership 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:00 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00006
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.007
H22SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 5-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H8075 
September 22, 2022 
Conference of Women Religious, Leadership 
Team of the Felician Sisters of North Amer-
ica, March for Our Lives DC, Marylanders to 
Prevent Gun Violence, Massachusetts Coali-
tion to Prevent Gun Violence, Moms Demand 
Action. 
NAACP, National Coalition Against Do-
mestic Violence, Newtown Action Alliance, 
Newtown 
Junior 
Action 
Alliance, 
Non-
violence Institute of Rhode Island, North 
Carolina Council of Churches, North Caro-
linians Against Gun Violence, Northwest Co-
alition for Responsible Investment, Not My 
Generation, Ohio Coalition Against Gun Vio-
lence, People for a Safer Society, Presen-
tation Sisters, San Francisco, CA, Re-
constructionist Rabbinical Association, Re-
gion VI Coalition for Responsible Invest-
ment, Religious of the Sacred Heart of Mary, 
Western American Area. 
Restorations Ministries, Inc., Rhode Island 
Coalition Against Gun Violence, Sacred 
Ground Ministries, Saint Mark’s Episcopal 
Capitol Hill DC, San Diegans for Gun Vio-
lence Prevention, Sandy Hook Promise, 
School Sisters of Notre Dame-Atlantic Mid-
west Office, School Sisters of Notre Dame, 
Central Pacific Province, Sisters of Bon 
Secours, USA, Sisters of Charity, BVM, Sis-
ters of Charity Federation, Sisters of Char-
ity of Nazareth Congregational Leadership, 
Sisters of Charity of Nazareth Western Prov-
ince Leadership, Sisters of Charity of Saint 
Augustine, Sisters of Mercy of the American 
Justice Team. 
Sisters of Notre Dame de Namur USA, Sis-
ters of St. Dominic of Blauvelt, New York, 
Sisters of St. Dominic Racine, WI, Sisters of 
St. Francis of Assisi, Sisters of St. Joseph of 
Boston, Sisters of Saint Joseph of Chestnut 
Hill, Philadelphia, PA, Sisters of St. Joseph 
of Carondelet, LA, Sisters of St. Joseph of 
NW PA, Sisters of St. Mary of Namur, Sis-
ters of the Holy Cross, Sisters of the Humil-
ity of Mary, Squirrel Hill Stands Against 
Gun Violence, Stop Handgun Violence, Stu-
dents Demand Action, Survivors Lead. 
Team Enough, Trinity Health, Union of 
Sisters of the Presentation of BVM, USA 
Unit, United Church of Christ, Justice and 
Local Church Ministries, Ursuline Sisters of 
Cleveland, Ursuline Sisters of Louisville, 
KY, Ursuline Sisters of Mount Saint Joseph, 
Wheaton Franciscans JPIC Office, Youth Ad-
vocate Programs, Inc, Youth Over Guns. 
Mr. MCGOVERN. Madam Speaker, 
again I inserted earlier an article talk-
ing about the Republicans that would 
not even honor the men and women of 
the Capitol Police who defended us on 
January 6. I continue to believe that 
that was a disgraceful moment. 
But when the gentlewoman says that 
somehow they will always stand on be-
half and honor members of law enforce-
ment—let 
me 
just 
read 
a 
few 
quotations here. Representative JEFF 
DUNCAN from South Carolina: 
‘‘The FBI has proven time and again 
that it is corrupt to the core. At what 
point do we abolish the Bureau and 
start over?’’ 
Representative PAUL GOSAR of Ari-
zona says: 
‘‘I will support a complete disman-
tling and elimination of the Democrat 
brownshirts known as the FBI. This is 
too much for our Republic to with-
stand.’’ 
Representative LAUREN BOEBERT of 
Colorado: 
‘‘The GOP majority must defund all 
forms of tyranny throughout Biden’s 
government. @FBI.’’ 
Representative 
MARJORIE
TAYLOR 
GREENE of Georgia: 
‘‘Impeach 
Merrick 
Garland 
and 
defund the corrupt FBI. End political 
persecution and hold those accountable 
that abuse their positions of power to 
persecute their political enemies, while 
ruining our country. This shouldn’t 
happen in America. Republicans must 
force it to stop.’’ 
b 0930 
On 
MARJORIE
TAYLOR
GREENE’s 
website, she is selling defund the FBI 
T-shirts, so it is my friends on the 
other side of the aisle who want to 
defund law enforcement, who want to 
defund the police. 
There is an old saying: Physician, 
heal thyself. You ought to take that to 
heart. The bottom line here is that 
these are bills that will help improve 
safety in our communities. These are 
bills that local officials, local law en-
forcement organizations, want. The 
only people who don’t want them are 
my friends on the other side of the 
aisle. 
If you want to vote no, vote no. But 
I suspect that some on the minority 
side understand what their commu-
nities want, and they don’t want poli-
tics as usual. They don’t want people 
putting politics over people. What they 
want is help for their communities. 
You have a chance. You can either 
vote yes to help the communities or 
vote no. That is your choice. 
Madam Speaker, I think these bills 
are good bills. We should support the 
rule. We should support the underlying 
bill. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-
bers are reminded to direct their re-
marks to the Chair. 
Mrs. FISCHBACH. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Madam Speaker, for years now, pro-
gressives in the media have disparaged 
law enforcement at every opportunity, 
from the defund the police movement 
to agenda-driven liberal district attor-
neys in cities like San Francisco, Los 
Angeles, Philadelphia, and New York. 
There is a clear strategic effort on the 
part of Democrats to demean police of-
ficers nationwide at the expense of law 
and order. 
In 2021, according to the Fraternal 
Order of Police, 346 officers were shot, 
63 fatally. Additionally, there were 103 
ambush-style attacks on law enforce-
ment, a 115 percent increase from 2020. 
Even as members of the Democratic 
Party are victims of increasing crimes, 
they are unwavering in their aggres-
sion on those in uniform who stand on 
the front lines and every day protect 
and serve our communities. Rather 
than 
acknowledging 
and 
thanking 
these brave men and women, Demo-
crats have repeatedly gone out of their 
way to put the blame on those in uni-
form. 
They may claim otherwise, but here 
are the words straight from their 
mouths. If we need to make sure that 
we are quoting people today, I am more 
than willing to do that. 
‘‘ . . . Police in our country are more 
concerned with protecting white su-
premacy than serving the communities 
that pay their salaries.’’—Representa-
tive BOWMAN. 
‘‘Defunding the police isn’t radical. It 
is real.’’—Representative CORI BUSH. 
‘‘The truth is that abolishing ICE 
isn’t that radical. We reorganize gov-
ernment all the time, creating some 
agencies and eliminating others. Nev-
ertheless, it is a bold proposal. It is 
time to be bold. It is time to abolish 
ICE.’’—Representative MARK POCAN. 
‘‘The defund the police movement is 
one of reimagining the current police 
system to build an entity that does not 
violate us, while relocating funds to in-
vest in community services.’’—Rep-
resentative ILHAN OMAR. 
‘‘Defunding police means defunding 
police.’’—Representative 
ALEXANDRIA 
OCASIO-CORTEZ. 
‘‘We are spending too much money on 
the police. There should be substantial 
cuts to the police budget and a re-
allocation of those funds.’’—Represent-
ative JERRY NADLER. 
Now, they expect us to believe they 
support our law enforcement. They 
think that putting these bills forward 
will make the American people believe 
they care about law enforcement. It 
seems that it has taken them until now 
to see how out of touch they are with 
the American people. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to 
the gentleman from Florida (Mr. RUTH-
ERFORD). 
Mr. RUTHERFORD. Madam Speaker, 
I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. 
Madam Speaker, I have to tell you, I 
have spent 40 years in law enforcement, 
12 as a sheriff, as you know, and I have 
to tell you, never in my life have I seen 
law enforcement more under attack in 
America than I have for the last 21⁄2 
years—never. 
I know the dangers that they face out 
there every day. I have been there. I 
have done that. I have to tell you, the 
attempts by those across the aisle to 
delegitimize, to demoralize, and to 
defund our State and local law enforce-
ment is atrocious and unforgivable. 
I hope that, come November, the 
American public will hold accountable 
some of these folks that you just heard 
read out. I can tell you, I don’t think 
they are popular at all with the Amer-
ican public. Yet, now, leading into the 
midterms, we are going to come to-
gether, and we are going to throw four 
bills onto the floor to address law en-
forcement and show that we are sup-
portive of law enforcement. I can tell 
you three of these bills are off that 
point. 
First of all, the Mental Health Jus-
tice Act, the VICTIM Act, and the 
Break the Cycle of Violence Act, these 
three bills, let’s take them one at a 
time. 
The Mental Health Justice Act will 
actually make it more dangerous for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:00 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00007
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE7.010
H22SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 6-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H8076 
September 22, 2022 
law enforcement, make it more dan-
gerous for our citizens. We are going to 
literally send mental health workers to 
respond to volatile situations where 
police officers, who are armed, go in 
and are killed oftentimes. 
Mental health calls are some of the 
most dangerous calls that we handle, 
and we want to send civilians in lieu of 
law enforcement? I don’t think so. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mrs. FISCHBACH. Madam Speaker, I 
yield such time as he may consume to 
the gentleman from Florida (Mr. RUTH-
ERFORD). 
Mr. RUTHERFORD. Madam Speaker, 
I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. 
The idea that we are going to send ci-
vilians to do a law enforcement offi-
cer’s job in quelling a dangerous, vola-
tile situation is bad business. 
The VICTIM Act does nothing. There 
is nothing new in the VICTIM Act. All 
it does is add to the programs that al-
ready exist in DOJ—not one single new 
idea in the VICTIM Act. 
The Break the Cycle of Violence Act, 
first of all, comes with a very hefty 
price tag, $6.5 billion, but all that 
money goes to public health govern-
ment bureaucrats, not law enforce-
ment. 
Listen, our job in Congress is to pro-
vide effective assistance to our law en-
forcement men and women. These 
three acts do not do that. They simply 
do not achieve that goal. 
I am glad, however, that my col-
leagues 
have 
finally 
decided 
that 
defunding the police is not a good idea, 
but I wish they would look at the ap-
propriation bills where they are basi-
cally federally defunding law enforce-
ment because they are putting all 
of these strings attached to all of 
our DOJ grants that go to small-, 
medium-, and large-sized agencies. 
They are never going to be able to 
meet those standards, never going to 
be able to meet all of those standards. 
So, 
basically, 
we 
just 
federally 
defunded State and local law enforce-
ment if that passes. I hope to God it 
doesn’t. 
Instead of these misguided policies, 
let’s work together on some solutions. 
Help us hire and retain some of the 
best and brightest officers that we 
have. 
Madam Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote 
on all three of these bills: the Mental 
Health Justice Act, the VICTIM Act, 
and the Break the Cycle of Violence 
Act. These will do nothing but endan-
ger our law enforcement men and 
women. 
Mr. MCGOVERN. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Madam Speaker, my colleague from 
Minnesota said, if I am quoting it 
right, ‘‘They expect us to believe they 
support our law enforcement.’’ I will be 
honest with you. I don’t expect my col-
leagues to believe anything, but I ex-
pect them to read the bills and to de-
cide whether or not, if you pass these 
bills, they will help make our commu-
nities safer or not. 
The gentleman from Florida didn’t 
like three of the bills, but he likes one 
of the bills. The beauty of this rule is 
you will be able to vote on all of them, 
and you can vote no on the ones you 
don’t like, and you can vote yes on the 
ones that you do like. 
When we talk about how law enforce-
ment has been under attack, I don’t 
want to hear any lectures from my 
friends on the other side of the aisle. I 
went through a whole litany of Repub-
lican Members who were calling for 
defunding the FBI. 
My friends have a Member on the Re-
publican side who actually is selling 
defund the FBI T-shirts on her web 
page. It says, ‘‘Defund the FBI.’’ It is 
defund the police. My colleagues don’t 
seem to care much about that. 
I will go back to something else that 
I still can’t get out of my mind, and 
that was the vote on awarding a Con-
gressional Gold Medal to the United 
States Capitol Police officers who 
saved the lives of everybody who was 
here that day, and 21 Republican Mem-
bers voted no. That is a disgrace. That 
has brought shame on this institution. 
So, don’t lecture any of us about our 
support for law enforcement when 21 of 
the Members on the other side of the 
aisle voted no on a Congressional Gold 
Medal to honor the brave men and 
women who protected us in this Cham-
ber on that day. Enough. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mrs. FISCHBACH. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Madam Speaker, with all due respect, 
potentially, my colleague from Massa-
chusetts didn’t hear some of the quotes 
that I read earlier, many of them talk-
ing about ‘‘defunding police means 
defunding 
police,’’ 
Representative 
OCASIO-CORTEZ. 
I can go back through them, or I cer-
tainly am more than happy to provide 
them in writing to my colleague, but I 
just wanted to remind him that, yes, 
there were many quotes that I read re-
garding Democrats and defunding the 
police. 
Madam Speaker, I include in the 
RECORD two articles, one titled ‘‘Even 
Democrats are now admitting ‘Defund 
the Police’ was a massive mistake,’’ 
and another titled ‘‘’Defund the Police’ 
still haunts Democrats.’’ 
[From CNN Politics, Nov. 5, 2021] 
EVEN
DEMOCRATS
ARE
NOW
ADMITTING 
‘DEFUND THE POLICE’ WAS A MASSIVE MIS-
TAKE 
(By Chris Cillizza) 
(CNN).—On Tuesday, a proposal to fun-
damentally restructure the Minneapolis po-
lice department in the wake of George 
Floyd’s death in 2020 was soundly defeated, a 
setback that even many Democrats acknowl-
edged could be laid at the feet of the ‘‘defund 
the police’’ movement that some within the 
party embraced last summer. 
‘‘I think allowing this moniker, ‘Defund 
the police,’ to ever get out there, was not a 
good thing,’’ Minnesota Attorney General 
Keith Ellison (D) told The Washington Post’s 
Dave Weigel on Thursday. 
That’s a remarkable turnaround from how 
politicians—in and out of Minnesota—acted 
in the immediate aftermath of Floyd’s death 
and the summer of nationwide protests that 
followed. 
Nine members of the Minneapolis City 
Council appeared at an event in June 2020 in 
which they pledged that they would work to 
dismantle the police force in the city. They 
did so on a stage that featured large cutout 
letters spelling out ‘‘Defund Police.’’ 
‘‘We committed to dismantling policing as 
we know it in the city of Minneapolis and to 
rebuild with our community a new model of 
public safety that actually keeps our com-
munity safe,’’ City, Council President Lisa 
Bender told CNN at the time. 
That message was picked up by some of the 
most liberal members of Congress—from 
Minnesota’s 
Ilhan 
Omar 
to 
Michigan’s 
Rashida Tlaib. 
New York Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, 
perhaps the best known progressive in Con-
gress, warned that dismissing calls to defund 
the police—or, at the very least, to recon-
sider the way police interact with a commu-
nity—was a mistake. ‘‘It is not crazy for 
Black and brown communities to want what 
White people have already given themselves 
and that is funding your schools more than 
you fund criminalizing your own kids,’ she 
said. 
Even as liberal members (and the activist 
community) were pushing for the party to 
embrace the ‘‘defund the police’’ movement, 
others within the party were warning of the 
political dangers inherent in the slogan. 
‘‘This movement today, some people tried 
to hijack it,’’ House Majority Whip Jim Cly-
burn (D-South Carolina), the highest ranking 
African American in Congress, warned his 
party, according to reporting in Politico. 
‘‘Don’t let yourselves be drawn into the de-
bate about defunding police forces.’’ 
Clyburn’s warning proved prophetic. Then- 
President Donald Trump seized on the issue 
during the 2020 campaign, casting it as evi-
dence that Democrats were out of touch with 
the average person. ‘‘LAW & ORDER, NOT 
DEFUND AND ABOLISH THE POLICE.,’’ 
Trump tweeted in June 2020. ‘‘The Radical 
Left Democrats have gone Crazy!’’ And then 
this the following month: ‘‘Corrupt Joe 
Biden wants to defund our police. He may 
use different words, but when you look at his 
pact with Crazy Bernie, and other things, 
that’s what he wants to do. It would destroy 
America!’’ 
Even as Trump and Republicans were 
working to make ‘‘defund the police’’ a na-
tional issue (Joe Biden had made clear he did 
not favor defunding), the Minnesota politi-
cians who were at the forefront of the 
‘‘defund’’ movement were beginning to back 
off in the face of rising crime in the city. As 
Minnesota Public Radio reported in Sep-
tember 2020: 
‘‘Just months after leading an effort that 
would have defunded the police department, 
City Council members at Tuesday’s work 
session pushed chief Medaria Arradondo to 
tell them how the department is responding 
to the violence. 
‘‘The number of reported violent crimes, 
like assaults, robberies and homicides are up 
compared to 2019, according to MPD crime 
data. More people have been killed in the 
city in the first nine months of 2020 than 
were slain in all of last year. Property 
crimes, like burglaries and auto thefts, are 
also up. Incidents of arson have increased 55 
percent over the total at this point in 2019.’’ 
(The City Council had, months before, 
moved $1.1 million from the police depart-
ment to the health department.) 
After several fits and starts, Question 2 
was added to the 2021 ballot. Among its Pro-
visions was replacing the Minnesota police 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:40 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00008
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.009
H22SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 7-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H8077 
September 22, 2022 
department with a department of public safe-
ty, getting rid of language that requires a 
minimum number of police officers to be em-
ployed by the city and forcing the mayor to 
win the city council’s support for someone to 
run the new department. 
While the vote was expected to be quite 
close, it was, in fact, not. As CNN wrote of 
the results: 
‘‘The status quo-affirming result is a set-
back to both citywide and national efforts to 
fundamentally reduce or eliminate the role 
of police in America. Opponents of calls to 
‘‘defund the police’’ will point to the vote as 
fresh evidence that the backlash to police 
abuse that fueled last year’s protests, which 
followed the killing of Floyd by then Min-
neapolis police officer Derek Chauvin. Talk 
of curbing police departments by cutting or 
limiting their resources has run into a coun-
tervailing wall of concern over public safety 
and waning support from early allies—in-
cluding leading Democrats who largely view 
it as political poison.’’ 
The question now for Democrats is wheth-
er they totally abandon efforts to remake 
policing in this country. (A bipartisan police 
reform attempt failed in Congress earlier 
this year.) Or if they continue on while doing 
their best to leave the ‘‘defund the police’’ 
slogan behind them. 
[From Roll Call, Apr. 27, 2022] 
‘DEFUND THE POLICE’ STILL HAUNTS 
DEMOCRATS 
(By David Winston) 
It’s becoming increasingly clear that after 
the economy, crime is a hot-button issue 
driving voter sentiment in the lead-up to the 
November elections. But despite voter-con-
cern, Democrats continue to be divided over 
the 
controversial 
‘‘defund 
the 
police’’ 
mantra that has grabbed headlines for the 
past two years, and it’s beginning to hurt 
their prospects for the fall elections. 
The mixed messaging of party leaders 
versus the call to defund by progressives, es-
pecially extreme comments by members of 
the Squad, has become a costly roadblock to 
retaining the House as voters lose confidence 
in Democrats’ ability to address rising vio-
lence across the country. 
Even a cursory look at statements by 
Democratic leaders and radical backbenchers 
opposed to increased funding of police ex-
plains the party’s dilemma. 
On Feb. 13, George Stephanopoulos raised 
the issue of Rep. Cori Bush’s statements call-
ing for defunding the police during an inter-
view with Speaker Nancy Pelosi. ‘‘With all 
due respect in the world to Cori Bush,’’ she 
replied, ‘‘that is not the position of the 
Democratic Party.’’ 
Pelosi then declared, ‘‘Defund the police is 
dead.’’ 
Two weeks later, in his State of the Union 
address, President Biden called for increased 
funding for police: ‘‘We should all agree: The 
answer is not to defund the police. The an-
swer is to fund the police. Fund them. Fund 
them.’’ 
Apparently, Squad member Bush didn’t get 
the message. In a tweet after the speech, she 
said, ‘‘With all due respect, Mr. President, 
you didn’t mention saving Black lives once 
in this speech. All our country has done is 
given more funding to police. The result? 
2021 set a record for fatal police shootings. 
Defund the police. Invest in our commu-
nities.’’ 
A month later, a gunman shot up a New 
York subway train, and an inconvenient 2019 
letter 
from 
Alexandria 
Ocasio-Cortez, 
Jerrold Nadler and other liberal New York 
House members resurfaced. The letter to 
then-Gov. Andrew Cuomo opposed a plan to 
put 500 new Metropolitan Transportation Au-
thority officers in the subways to reduce 
crime. 
But AOC was having none of it. She and 
her fellow members wrote that the MTA 
funding for increased police presence in the 
subways would be better spent on ‘‘des-
perately needed resources’’ like ‘‘subway, 
bus, maintenance, and service improve-
ments,’’ telling Cuomo, ‘‘The subway system 
is now safer than before.’’ 
Last week, Rep. Abigail Spanberger called 
defunding the police ‘‘a terrible idea,’’ while 
a Politico story said, ‘‘As the midterm elec-
tions pick up, Democrats are calling for 
more police funding and attempting to co- 
opt traditionally Republican talking points 
on crime.’’ 
‘‘Defund the police’’ may no longer be the 
position of the Democratic Party, but when 
Cori Bush, AOC or any member of the Squad 
weighs in on any issue, the Twittersphere 
lights up like a cop car in hot pursuit. It 
seems the media can’t get enough of the 
Squad, 
and 
polling 
shows 
that 
this 
intraparty fight over the issue of policing 
and crime has not only become a major head-
ache for Pelosi but is also taking a toll on 
the Democrats’ credibility. 
When the electorate was asked in the Win-
ning the Issues (WTI) February survey if 
they believed that we need to defund the po-
lice, only 21 percent believed the statement, 
while 64 percent did not. Independents were 
even more adamant that defunding the po-
lice was a bad idea, coming in at an over-
whelming 12 percent for and 70 percent 
against. 
Despite Biden and Pelosi’s efforts to stem 
the bleeding by offering up more funding to 
stop gun violence and invest in community 
policing, the WTI research shows that Demo-
crats are losing the issue, with more voters 
believing that the Democratic Party sup-
ports defunding the police than not by a 
margin of 48 percent to 34 percent. 
There are three main reasons for the 
Democrats’ troubles on this issue. First, 
there is widespread recognition of just how 
serious rising crime is becoming, with 7 out 
of 10 voters believing that across America, 
violent crime is escalating. 
Six out of 10 voters agree with the state-
ment that ‘‘families, communities and small 
business are being endangered and experi-
encing the devastating effects of rhetoric 
about defunding the police and police depart-
ment budget cuts at the hands of politi-
cians.’’ 
These views extend across party, ideology, 
age and region, making a concept like 
defunding the police totally out of tune with 
most voters who oppose it by a 3-to-1 mar-
gin. 
There’s a second reason for the Democrats’ 
weakness on the crime issue. The president 
and other Democrats have tried to have it 
both ways—trying to pose as supporters of 
the police while only reluctantly, if at all, 
acknowledging that crime is a major prob-
lem. 
On the White House website list of prior-
ities, crime doesn’t even make the list. The 
White House’s lack of acknowledgment and 
often dismissive rhetoric about crime, par-
ticularly in cities with progressive mayors 
and prosecutors, has led directly to its weak 
standing on the issue. 
As a result, when voters were asked in the 
March survey whether they believed Demo-
crats would focus on law enforcement efforts 
to deal with violent offenders, they were 
split, with 44 percent believing they would 
and 43 percent believing they wouldn’t. Inde-
pendents were even more skeptical, with 36 
percent believing and 46 percent not believ-
ing. 
In contrast, voters by a 61 percent to 27 
percent margin believed that Republicans 
would stand with law enforcement in their 
efforts to ensure the safety of our commu-
nities and the protection of America’s fami-
lies and children. 
Not surprisingly, Democrats trail on the 
handling of the crime and safety issue by 12 
points (48 percent favoring Republicans, 36 
percent favoring Democrats) and among 
independents by 13 points (42 percent–29 per-
cent, with 29 percent undecided). The Demo-
cratic Party’s silence about threats to safety 
has left Democrats supporting a policy posi-
tion that voters find alienating. 
Finally, with police officers, Democrats 
have chosen the wrong group to vilify. The 
police have a very favorable brand image (72 
percent favorable, 20 percent unfavorable in 
the March WTI survey). Congressional Demo-
crats have a negative brand at 44 percent fa-
vorable, 
49 
percent 
unfavorable. 
By 
affiliating themselves with the defund the 
police movement, they are seen by voters as 
opposing a very positive group of public serv-
ants who are well liked and supported by the 
electorate. 
By trying to straddle the fence on crime 
and safety, Biden, Pelosi and Democratic 
members fearing primaries have been unwill-
ing to take on their anti-police progressives. 
If the trend continues, this issue will haunt 
Democrats this November and for a long 
time to come. 
Mrs. FISCHBACH. Madam Speaker, 
Democrats have long respected and 
supported our law enforcement. As 
Representatives GUEST and LETLOW so 
eloquently stated in their resolution to 
express support for recognizing Na-
tional Police Week, they serve with 
valor, dignity, and integrity. 
They are charged with pursuing jus-
tice for all individuals and performing 
the duties of a law enforcement officer 
with fidelity to the constitutional 
rights and civil rights of the public 
that the officers serve. 
They swear an oath to uphold the 
public trust, even though through the 
performance of their duties of law en-
forcement officers, the officers may be-
come targets of senseless acts of vio-
lence. 
They have bravely continued to meet 
the call of duty to ensure the security 
of their neighborhoods and commu-
nities at the risk of their own personal 
safety in the time of a viral pandemic. 
There were 619 officers killed in the 
line of duty in 2021. Republicans honor 
all of them and prioritize protecting 
and supporting today’s officers. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. MCGOVERN. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Madam Speaker, I include in the 
RECORD an article from The Guardian 
titled ‘‘’Republicans are defunding the 
police: FOX News anchor stumps Con-
gressman.’’ 
[From the Guardian, June 28, 2021] 
REPUBLICANS ARE DEFUNDING THE POLICE— 
FOX NEWS ANCHOR STUMPS CONGRESSMAN 
(By Martin Pengelly) 
The Fox News anchor Chris Wallace made 
headlines of his own on Sunday, by pointing 
out to a senior Republican that he and the 
rest of his party recently voted against 
$350bn in funding for law enforcement. 
‘‘Can’t you make the argument that it’s 
you and the Republicans who are defunding 
the police?’’ Wallace asked Jim Banks, the 
head of the House Republican study com-
mittee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:40 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00009
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE7.015
H22SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 8-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H8078 
September 22, 2022 
The congressman was the author of a Fox 
News column in which he said Democrats 
were responsible for spikes in violent crime. 
‘‘There is overwhelming evidence,’’ Banks 
wrote, ‘‘connecting the rise in murders to 
the violent riots last summer’’—a reference 
to protests over the murder of George Floyd 
which sometimes produced looting and vio-
lence—‘‘and the defund the police movement. 
Both of which were supported, financially 
and rhetorically, by the Democratic party 
and the Biden administration.’’ 
Joe Biden does not support any attempt to 
‘‘defund the police’’, a slogan adopted by 
some on the left but which remains con-
troversial and which the president has said 
Republicans have used to ‘‘beat the living 
hell’’ out of Democrats. 
On Fox News Sunday, Banks repeatedly at-
tacked the so-called ‘‘Squad’’ of young pro-
gressive women in the House and said Demo-
crats ‘‘stigmatised’’ law enforcement and 
helped criminals. 
‘‘Let me push back on that a little bit,’’ 
Wallace said. ‘‘Because [this week] the presi-
dent said that the central part in his anti- 
crime package is the $350bn in the American 
Rescue Plan, the Covid relief plan that was 
passed.’’ 
Covid relief passed through Congress in 
March, under rules that meant it did not re-
quire Republican votes. It did not get a sin-
gle one. 
Asked if that meant it was ‘‘you and the 
Republicans who are defunding the police’’, 
Banks dodged the question. 
Wallace said: ‘‘No, no, sir, respectfully— 
wait, sir, respectfully ... I’m asking you, 
there’s $350bn in this package the president 
says can be used for policing . . . 
‘‘Congressman Banks, let me finish, and I 
promise I will give you a chance to answer. 
The president is saying cities and states can 
use this money to hire more police officers, 
invest in new technologies and develop sum-
mer job training and recreation programs for 
young people. Respectfully, I’ve heard your 
point about the last year, but you and every 
other Republican voted against this $350bn.’’ 
Turning a blind eye to Wallace’s question, 
Banks said: ‘‘If we turn a blind eye to law 
and order, and a blind eye to riots that oc-
curred in cities last summer, and we take po-
lice officers off the street, we’re inevitably 
going to see crime rise.’’ 
Wallace asked if Banks could support any 
gun control legislation. Banks said that if 
Biden was ‘‘serious about reducing violent 
crime in America’’, he should ‘‘admonish the 
radical voices in the Democrat [sic] party 
that have stigmatised police officers and law 
enforcement’’. 
Despite working for Republicans’ favoured 
broadcaster, Wallace is happy to hold their 
feet to the fire, as grillings of Donald Trump 
and Kevin McCarthy have shown. 
He has also attracted criticism, for exam-
ple for failing to control Trump during a 
chaotic presidential debate last year which 
one network rival called ‘‘a hot mess, inside 
a dumpster fire, inside a train wreck’’. 
Last year, Wallace told the Guardian: ‘‘I do 
what I do and I’m sitting there during the 
week trying to come up with the best guests 
and the best show I possibly can and I’m not 
sitting there thinking about how do we fit in 
some media commentary. 
‘‘We’re not there to try to one-up the presi-
dent or any politician.’’ 
Mr. MCGOVERN. Madam Speaker, if 
you look at the voting record of many 
of our colleagues on the other side of 
the aisle, you will see few to none sup-
ported recent funding bills that also di-
rect money toward supporting local 
law enforcement. If they think that we 
are on a crusade to defund the police, 
well, the last few years of funding the 
police say otherwise. 
Madam Speaker, I also include in the 
RECORD a Rolling Stone article titled 
‘‘ ‘Back-The-Blue’ Republicans Bail on 
Moment of Silence for Fallen Capitol 
Police Officers.’’ 
[From Rolling Stone, Jan. 6, 2022] 
‘BACK-THE-BLUE’ REPUBLICANS BAIL ON MO-
MENT OF SILENCE FOR FALLEN CAPITOL PO-
LICE OFFICERS 
(By Tim Dickinson) 
The Republican Party holds itself as the 
champions of law enforcement. They cam-
paign on slogans of ‘‘Back the Blue.’’ They 
hold rallies flying the ‘‘Thin Blue Line’’ flag. 
They purport to celebrate the cops who 
shield the nation from violence and anarchy. 
But when it came time to show up in the 
halls of Congress for a remembrance of the 
sacrifices Capitol and Metropolitan Police 
made defending our democracy from violence 
last Jan. 6, Republicans lawmakers didn’t 
bother to show up. Only one sitting Repub-
lican officeholder showed up, Wyoming Rep. 
Liz Cheney. She was accompanied by her fa-
ther Dick, the former vice president. 
On that dark day one year ago, the ‘‘Thin 
Blue Line’’ was not a metaphor. Police put 
their bodies and lives in harm’s way, at-
tempting to blockade the joint session of 
Congress from the violent mob of Trump sup-
porters who sought to stop the peaceful 
transfer of power after a lawful election. 
These cops were beaten, tased, tear gassed, 
dragged down steps, and crushed in door-
ways. More than 140 were injured in the in-
surrection, and five officer deaths (including 
subsequent suicides) have been linked to the 
violence and trauma of Jan. 6. 
‘‘I want to acknowledge our fallen heroes 
of that day,’’ said Speaker Nancy Pelosi, 
leading a House session marking the anni-
versary of the attack. ‘‘Now I ask all mem-
bers to rise in a moment of silence in their 
memory.’’ 
As the officials rose, the visual of a nearly 
empty GOP side of the aisle was chilling, as 
Sen. Chris Murphy of Connecticut noted on 
Twitter: 
At the moment of silence for the Capitol 
Police officers who died, there were only two 
Republicans who showed up. 
Rep. Lynn Cheney. And her father. The 80 
year old former Vice President. 
An extraordinary image of where this 
country’s politics are right now. 
—Chris Murphy January 6, 2022 
Speaking to reporters at the Capitol, the 
former vice president said he attended the 
House session to mark ‘‘an important histor-
ical event.’’ Cheney elaborated that he was 
‘‘deeply disappointed we don’t have better 
leadership in the Republican Party to re-
store the Constitution.’’ The swipe at Senate 
minority leader Mitch McConnell and House 
minority leader Kevin McCarthy—who could 
not be bothered to attend the remembrance, 
and who have done little to combat Trump’s 
destructive and ongoing lies about the 2020 
election—was unmistakable. 
Rep. Cheney’s attendance was not sur-
prising. She is the top Republican on the bi-
partisan 
congressional 
committee 
inves-
tigating the events of Jan. 6, and has been 
consistent and unabashed in her criticism of 
Donald Trump, blaming him directly for the 
violence at the Capitol. Cheney has been 
treated as a pariah by Trump—who has 
called her a ‘‘bitter, horrible human being’’— 
and was ousted from GOP House leadership 
earlier this year for refusing to kowtow to 
the Dear Leader. 
Rep. Adam Kinzinger, the other Repub-
lican on the Jan. 6 committee, is expecting 
the birth of a child and could not attend. 
‘‘Wish I could be there too, but I’m on baby 
watch,’’ he tweeted. ‘‘I am in spirit.’’ 
Mr. MCGOVERN. Madam Speaker, I 
find it hard to believe that someone 
says they back the police when they 
don’t even do the bare minimum and 
show up and remember those who 
fought to save the lives of our very de-
mocracy and every single person in 
this Chamber that day. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mrs. FISCHBACH. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Madam Speaker, I point out that my 
good friend and colleague from Min-
nesota, Congressman STAUBER, who is 
former law enforcement, has twice now 
released the JUSTICE Act, a common-
sense police reform bill, that would re-
build trust between law enforcement 
and communities they serve. 
b 0945 
Why is it that that has not come to 
the floor yet? And why is that not part 
of the package that we are looking at? 
Congressman STAUBER was a police 
officer for 20 years. He knows law en-
forcement exists to serve America’s 
communities, and he knows what is 
needed to rebuild the damaged rela-
tionship between officers and civilians. 
The Just and Unifying Solutions to 
Invigorate Communities Everywhere, 
or the JUSTICE Act, would fund better 
training for police officers, increase 
the number of body cameras, and pro-
vide important grants to police depart-
ments to help implement community 
policing best practices. Sound famil-
iar? 
He introduced this bill this Congress 
and last Congress and, yet, despite its 
past bipartisan support, Democrats 
continuously blocked efforts to bring 
this to the floor. 
Why would Democrats block such a 
commonsense bill for years and now de-
cide it is necessary to pass these bills? 
Let’s just take a look at what they 
spent time promoting instead. For ex-
ample, the Democrats so-called George 
Floyd Justice in Policing Act is a divi-
sive bill being pushed through by the 
majority 
without 
any 
Republican 
input. Disguised as accountability, the 
bill would make communities less safe, 
hinder law enforcement’s ability to do 
their job, limit the readiness of law en-
forcement, and demonizes an entire 
profession for the actions of a few. 
It eliminates qualified immunity pro-
tections for Federal, State, and local 
law enforcement officers which protect 
officers who have to operate in high- 
pressure, quick-decision environments. 
It lowers the mental standard for 
Federal civil rights lawsuits. It allows 
officer convictions, even if the officer 
has no specific intent to deprive a per-
son of a Federal right. 
I have given a couple of examples of 
good, strong Republican legislation 
that was not considered as even part of 
the Democrats’ so-called police or law 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:00 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00010
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE7.017
H22SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 9-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H8079 
September 22, 2022 
enforcement support grouping of bills 
that they have put together today in 
an emergency meeting yesterday. 
If there was truly support for law en-
forcement, they would have come to-
gether in a bipartisan manner, dis-
cussed it with law enforcement, dis-
cussed it with the minority, and really 
come together and created legislation 
that would truly do what we need it to 
do, and that is support and help our 
law enforcement. 
Madam Speaker, today’s debate is 
nothing more than a political stunt, as 
I have mentioned. The Democrats have 
put forward these bills at the last 
minute so they can go home this week-
end and pretend they have done some-
thing to help police in this country. 
I mentioned it before. If the majority 
was sincere about supporting law en-
forcement, they would have involved 
the minority. They would have had dis-
cussion about the bills, good solid bills 
that the minority has put forward, and 
they would have had discussions with 
law enforcement across the country to 
find real solutions. 
Our police do need our help. There is 
a war on police in this country, thanks 
to the efforts of those on the far left. 
They know it; I know it; and the Amer-
ican people know it. 
But these bills are just one more in-
sincere attempt. One mostly recreates 
programs that already exist within the 
DOJ. The other includes a section that 
still gives preference to efforts that do 
not 
include 
recruitment 
and 
retainment. 
Honestly, Madam Speaker, my col-
leagues should be embarrassed and 
ashamed of this political stunt, espe-
cially when it comes to something that 
affects everyone’s safety and the Amer-
ican people’s safety. 
Madam Speaker, I oppose the rule, 
and I encourage Members to do the 
same. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. MCGOVERN. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself the balance of my time. 
I thank the gentlewoman for that 
closing statement. I keep hearing the 
Democrats want to defund the police, 
so here we are on the House floor talk-
ing about creating grant programs to 
help keep communities safer. Now the 
Republicans are the ones who are talk-
ing about defunding the police. Do you 
see the irony? 
Democrats actually have solutions in 
these four bills; real ideas that have 
been publicly available for months to 
make our streets safer and reduce 
crime. Republicans are the ones talk-
ing about defunding and abolishing the 
FBI. 
I will remind my colleagues that you 
have Republican Members who are rais-
ing campaign funds by selling Defund 
the FBI T-shirts. Want to talk about 
disgusting? 
No mention of that from my col-
leagues. Fundraising off of selling T- 
shirts to defund the police; that is 
what my friends are doing. 
Again, I go back to my point earlier. 
I still can’t get over that 21 Repub-
licans couldn’t even vote to give a Con-
gressional Gold Medal to the men and 
women who defended us on January 6. 
I mean, talk about disgusting. Couldn’t 
show up on the House floor for a mo-
ment of silence to honor those police 
who lost their lives as a result of what 
happened on January 6. Talk about dis-
gusting. 
We have ideas here that I think are 
worth bipartisan support. Some of this 
stuff I think should have been brought 
up under suspension. But, again, my 
friends put politics ahead of people. We 
want to put people ahead of politics. 
Take the VICTIM Act, H.R. 5768. This 
establishes a grant program in the De-
partment of Justice to help State, 
Tribal, and local law enforcement 
agencies improve their clearance rates 
for homicides and nonfatal shootings. 
To me, that seems common sense. 
The Break the Cycle of Violence Act, 
H.R. 4118, creates a nationwide strat-
egy to make our communities safer by 
addressing both the symptoms and root 
causes of violence. 
The Invest to Protect Act, H.R. 6448, 
makes targeted investments to ensure 
that local police departments have the 
training they need to keep our commu-
nities safe. 
The Mental Health Justice Act, H.R. 
8542; one in four fatal police encounters 
ends the life of an individual with se-
vere mental illness. The Mental Health 
Justice Act makes it easier to send 
trained mental health professionals to 
respond to individuals experiencing a 
mental health crisis. 
To me, these are basic, commonsense 
bills that I think the overwhelming 
majority of people in this country, 
Democrats, Republicans, Independents, 
would all support. 
You want to talk about not sup-
porting our law enforcement. Repub-
licans voted against $350 billion in the 
American Rescue Plan that could be 
used for policing. So please don’t lec-
ture us about defunding the police. Re-
publicans only seem to support law en-
forcement when they are looking for 
votes. That is a common theme here, 
when it is politically convenient for 
them. It is really shameful, and it is 
cynical. It is why people get frustrated 
with Washington because everything 
has a political motivation. 
On stuff that we all should come to-
gether on, my friends on the other side 
of the aisle always come up with an 
issue, an excuse not to do the right 
thing. You don’t have to agree on ev-
erything to agree on something, and 
this is something we ought to agree on 
and we ought to come together on and 
get it done. 
These are good bills, Madam Speak-
er, bipartisan bills. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote 
on the rule and the previous question, 
and I yield back the balance of my 
time. 
Ms. PELOSI. Madam Speaker. I rise today 
in strong support of this robust public safety 
package—legislation rooted in two of Demo-
crats’ most cherished values: safety and jus-
tice. 
On behalf of our Caucus and the Congress, 
I salute the persistent, values-driven leader-
ship of CBC Chairwoman JOYCE BEATTY and 
Members of the CBC—ensuring that account-
ability is central to our efforts. 
Let us also commend Progressive Caucus 
Chair PRAMILA JAYAPAL and Congresswoman 
ILHAN OMAR for their tireless efforts to advance 
the goal of public safety for all. 
We applaud the committed leaders of the 
legislation before us today: Congressman 
JOSH
GOTTHEIMER, Congresswoman KATIE 
PORTER, Congressman STEVEN
HORSFORD, 
and Congresswoman VAL DEMINGS. 
And thank you to Judiciary Chair JERRY 
NADLER and Energy & Commerce Chair FRANK 
PALLONE for steering this legislation to the 
Floor. 
House Democrats believe that every Amer-
ican deserves to live in a safe community— 
where they and their family can thrive. 
For us, this is a deeply held value. 
And that is why our Majority has long 
sought—and today, continues to take—strong, 
commonsense action to fund our police, giving 
them the tools they need to prevent crime. 
Let me be clear: Democrats salute our law 
enforcement heroes. 
And we have fought to support them: secur-
ing a half-billion-dollar increase for local and 
state law enforcement in March’s Appropria-
tions legislation. 
At the same time, we remain fully committed 
to improving training and accountability among 
the law enforcement ranks. 
Our nation remains outraged at the scourge 
of systemic racism and brutality targeting com-
munities of color and marginalized commu-
nities—knowing that it remains a serious 
threat to safety. 
That is why Democrats will never stop fight-
ing for the fundamental transformation that our 
culture of policing demands—which goes 
hand-in-hand with our unyielding commitment 
to public safety. 
Our George Floyd Justice in Policing Act— 
twice passed by the House—includes strong, 
unprecedented reforms to save lives: from 
banning chokeholds; to stopping no-knock 
warrants; to combating racial profiling; to es-
tablishing nationwide standards against mis-
conduct. 
Sadly, this urgent and necessary legislation 
was blocked by Republicans. 
But under the leadership of our brilliant, re-
lentless Congresswoman KAREN BASS, we will 
not rest until these life-saving measures are 
the law of the land. 
Today, with our four bills, we seek to take 
a strong step to build stronger, healthier rela-
tionships between law enforcement and those 
they serve. 
And together, they will help prevent crime, 
save lives and advance justice. 
Our Invest to Protect Act funds our police, 
with grants to: help small, local law enforce-
ment agencies retain and recruit officers; re-
quire the Attorney General to evaluate and 
collect data on how police departments are 
using the funds to reduce the use of force; 
and invest in strong accountability measures, 
including: training for de-escalation, respond-
ing to substance use disorders, supporting 
survivors of domestic violence, and promoting 
a duty of care. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:00 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00011
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.014
H22SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 10-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H8080 
September 22, 2022 
Our Mental Health Justice Act will help send 
unarmed mental health professionals to re-
spond to mental health crises in our neighbor-
hoods: crucial action to save lives. 
Our Break the Cycle of Violence Act invests 
in effective, evidence-based community vio-
lence intervention initiatives—building on the 
lifesaving progress we forged in our American 
Rescue Plan. 
Our VICTIM Act will bolster the ability of po-
lice forces to solve homicides, sexual assaults, 
shootings and other violent crimes: a nec-
essary step to ensure justice is served and im-
prove trust in law enforcement. 
In the same spirit, House Democrats take 
immense pride in our work so far this Con-
gress to keep America’s families safe from 
harm. 
Under the magnificent leadership of Presi-
dent Biden, we enacted an historic gun vio-
lence prevention law—which is saving lives by 
getting deadly weapons out of dangerous 
hands. 
Meanwhile, the House has successfully 
passed legislation reinstating the Assault 
Weapons Ban and establishing an AMBER 
Alert-style warning during shootings—meas-
ures that strongly support our law enforce-
ment. 
And this Congress, our Majority has also 
passed legislation to: require universal back-
ground checks, promote safe storage, and ban 
bump stocks, high-capacity magazines and 
ghost guns. 
Make no mistake: our colleagues across the 
aisle overwhelmingly voted against all of these 
measures. 
Because they fail to realize that preventing 
gun crime is a crucial piece of the puzzle in 
building safer communities—especially for our 
children. 
Madam Speaker. Every Member who has 
the special privilege of serving in these hal-
lowed halls takes a sacred oath to the Amer-
ican people. 
That oath—which is blind to party affili-
ation—is to ‘‘protect & defend.’’ 
And with this package today, the House is 
honoring this foremost responsibility. 
So I encourage every Member to join us in 
putting People Over Politics—and vote for 
safer communities in every corner of the coun-
try. 
With that, I urge a resounding, bipartisan 
AYE vote on all four bills in this strong public 
safety package. 
Mr. MCGOVERN. Madam Speaker, I 
move the previous question on the res-
olution. 
The previous question was ordered. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the resolution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that 
the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mrs. FISCHBACH. Madam Speaker, 
on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-
ceedings on this question will be post-
poned. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair 
declares the House in recess subject to 
the call of the Chair. 
Accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 54 min-
utes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b 1229 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro 
tempore (Ms. DEGETTE) at 12 o’clock 
and 29 minutes p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the unfin-
ished business is the vote on adoption 
of House Resolution 1377 on which the 
yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the resolu-
tion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the resolution. 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY 
Mr. MCCARTHY (during the vote). 
Madam Speaker, parliamentary in-
quiry. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman will state his parliamentary in-
quiry. 
Mr. MCCARTHY. There is a Member 
that is 3 minutes out on their way with 
the right to vote. As you held up the 
others, do they have the right to hold? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman does not state a parliamentary 
inquiry. 
The Clerk will report the tally. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 216, nays 
215, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 1, 
as follows: 
[Roll No. 450] 
YEAS—216 
Adams 
Aguilar 
Allred 
Auchincloss 
Axne 
Barraga´n 
Bass 
Beatty 
Bera 
Beyer 
Bishop (GA) 
Blumenauer 
Blunt Rochester 
Bonamici 
Bourdeaux 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brown (MD) 
Brown (OH) 
Brownley 
Bustos 
Butterfield 
Carbajal 
Ca´rdenas 
Carson 
Carter (LA) 
Cartwright 
Case 
Casten 
Castor (FL) 
Castro (TX) 
Cherfilus- 
McCormick 
Chu 
Cicilline 
Clark (MA) 
Clarke (NY) 
Cleaver 
Clyburn 
Cohen 
Connolly 
Cooper 
Correa 
Costa 
Courtney 
Craig 
Crow 
Cuellar 
Davids (KS) 
Davis, Danny K. 
Dean 
DeFazio 
DeGette 
DeLauro 
DelBene 
Demings 
DeSaulnier 
Deutch 
Dingell 
Doggett 
Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Escobar 
Eshoo 
Espaillat 
Evans 
Fletcher 
Foster 
Frankel, Lois 
Gallego 
Garamendi 
Garcı´a (IL) 
Garcia (TX) 
Golden 
Gomez 
Gonzalez, 
Vicente 
Gottheimer 
Green, Al (TX) 
Grijalva 
Harder (CA) 
Hayes 
Higgins (NY) 
Himes 
Horsford 
Houlahan 
Hoyer 
Huffman 
Jackson Lee 
Jacobs (CA) 
Jayapal 
Jeffries 
Johnson (GA) 
Johnson (TX) 
Jones 
Kahele 
Kaptur 
Keating 
Kelly (IL) 
Khanna 
Kildee 
Kilmer 
Kim (NJ) 
Kind 
Kirkpatrick 
Krishnamoorthi 
Kuster 
Lamb 
Langevin 
Larsen (WA) 
Larson (CT) 
Lawrence 
Lawson (FL) 
Lee (CA) 
Lee (NV) 
Leger Fernandez 
Levin (CA) 
Levin (MI) 
Lieu 
Lofgren 
Lowenthal 
Luria 
Lynch 
Malinowski 
Maloney, 
Carolyn B. 
Maloney, Sean 
Manning 
Matsui 
McBath 
McCollum 
McEachin 
McGovern 
McNerney 
Meeks 
Meng 
Mfume 
Moore (WI) 
Morelle 
Moulton 
Mrvan 
Murphy (FL) 
Nadler 
Napolitano 
Neal 
Neguse 
Newman 
Norcross 
O’Halleran 
Omar 
Pallone 
Panetta 
Pappas 
Pascrell 
Payne 
Pelosi 
Peltola 
Perlmutter 
Peters 
Phillips 
Pingree 
Pocan 
Porter 
Price (NC) 
Quigley 
Raskin 
Rice (NY) 
Ross 
Roybal-Allard 
Ruiz 
Ruppersberger 
Rush 
Ryan (NY) 
Ryan (OH) 
Sa´nchez 
Sarbanes 
Scanlon 
Schakowsky 
Schiff 
Schneider 
Schrader 
Schrier 
Scott (VA) 
Scott, David 
Sewell 
Sherman 
Sherrill 
Sires 
Slotkin 
Smith (WA) 
Soto 
Spanberger 
Speier 
Stansbury 
Stanton 
Stevens 
Strickland 
Suozzi 
Swalwell 
Takano 
Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) 
Titus 
Tonko 
Torres (CA) 
Torres (NY) 
Trahan 
Trone 
Underwood 
Vargas 
Veasey 
Vela´zquez 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters 
Watson Coleman 
Welch 
Wexton 
Wild 
Williams (GA) 
Wilson (FL) 
Yarmuth 
NAYS—215 
Aderholt 
Allen 
Amodei 
Armstrong 
Arrington 
Babin 
Bacon 
Baird 
Balderson 
Banks 
Barr 
Bentz 
Bergman 
Bice (OK) 
Biggs 
Bilirakis 
Bishop (NC) 
Boebert 
Bost 
Bowman 
Brady 
Brooks 
Buchanan 
Buck 
Bucshon 
Budd 
Burchett 
Burgess 
Bush 
Calvert 
Cammack 
Carey 
Carl 
Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) 
Cawthorn 
Chabot 
Cline 
Cloud 
Clyde 
Cole 
Comer 
Conway 
Crawford 
Crenshaw 
Curtis 
Davidson 
Davis, Rodney 
DesJarlais 
Diaz-Balart 
Donalds 
Duncan 
Dunn 
Ellzey 
Emmer 
Estes 
Fallon 
Feenstra 
Ferguson 
Finstad 
Fischbach 
Fitzgerald 
Fitzpatrick 
Fleischmann 
Flood 
Flores 
Foxx 
Franklin, C. 
Scott 
Fulcher 
Gaetz 
Gallagher 
Garbarino 
Garcia (CA) 
Gibbs 
Gimenez 
Gohmert 
Gonzales, Tony 
Gonzalez (OH) 
Good (VA) 
Gooden (TX) 
Gosar 
Granger 
Graves (LA) 
Graves (MO) 
Green (TN) 
Greene (GA) 
Griffith 
Grothman 
Guest 
Guthrie 
Harris 
Harshbarger 
Hartzler 
Hern 
Herrell 
Herrera Beutler 
Hice (GA) 
Higgins (LA) 
Hill 
Hinson 
Hollingsworth 
Hudson 
Huizenga 
Issa 
Jackson 
Jacobs (NY) 
Johnson (LA) 
Johnson (OH) 
Johnson (SD) 
Jordan 
Joyce (OH) 
Joyce (PA) 
Katko 
Keller 
Kelly (MS) 
Kelly (PA) 
Kim (CA) 
Kinzinger 
Kustoff 
LaHood 
LaMalfa 
Lamborn 
Latta 
LaTurner 
Lesko 
Letlow 
Long 
Loudermilk 
Lucas 
Luetkemeyer 
Mace 
Malliotakis 
Mann 
Massie 
Mast 
McCarthy 
McCaul 
McClain 
McClintock 
McHenry 
McKinley 
Meijer 
Meuser 
Miller (IL) 
Miller (WV) 
Miller-Meeks 
Moolenaar 
Mooney 
Moore (AL) 
Moore (UT) 
Mullin 
Murphy (NC) 
Nehls 
Newhouse 
Norman 
Obernolte 
Ocasio-Cortez 
Owens 
Palazzo 
Palmer 
Pence 
Perry 
Pfluger 
Posey 
Reschenthaler 
Rice (SC) 
Rodgers (WA) 
Rogers (AL) 
Rogers (KY) 
Rose 
Rosendale 
Rouzer 
Roy 
Rutherford 
Salazar 
Scalise 
Schweikert 
Scott, Austin 
Sempolinski 
Sessions 
Simpson 
Smith (MO) 
Smith (NE) 
Smith (NJ) 
Smucker 
Spartz 
Stauber 
Steel 
Stefanik 
Steil 
Steube 
Stewart 
Taylor 
Tenney 
Thompson (PA) 
Tiffany 
Timmons 
Tlaib 
Turner 
Upton 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:40 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00012
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE7.032
H22SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 11-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H8081 
September 22, 2022 
Valadao 
Van Drew 
Van Duyne 
Wagner 
Walberg 
Waltz 
Weber (TX) 
Webster (FL) 
Wenstrup 
Westerman 
Williams (TX) 
Wilson (SC) 
Wittman 
Womack 
Zeldin 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Pressley 
NOT VOTING—1 
Cheney 
b 1328 
Mr. COHEN changed his vote from 
‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the resolution was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
MEMBERS RECORDED PURSUANT TO HOUSE 
RESOLUTION 8, 117TH CONGRESS 
Baird (Bucshon) 
Barr (Guthrie) 
Barraga´n (Beyer) 
Bass (Correa) 
Blumenauer 
(Beyer) 
Bowman (Ocasio- 
Cortez) 
Brown (MD) 
(Trone) 
Burgess (Weber 
(TX)) 
Bustos 
(Brownley) 
Cawthorn 
(Donalds) 
Chu (Beyer) 
Conway 
(LaMalfa) 
Cuellar (Garcia 
(TX)) 
DeSaulnier 
(Beyer) 
DesJarlais 
(Fleischmann) 
Dingell (Stevens) 
Fallon (Ellzey) 
Frankel, Lois 
(Brownley) 
Gibbs (Bucshon) 
Gomez (Correa) 
Gonzales, Tony 
(Fleischmann) 
Granger (Ellzey) 
Johnson (GA) 
(Pallone) 
Johnson (TX) 
(Stevens) 
Keating (Correa) 
Kinzinger 
(Meijer) 
Kirkpatrick 
(Pallone) 
Lamb (Pallone) 
Long 
(Fleischmann) 
Loudermilk 
(Fleischmann) 
Mace (Timmons) 
McEachin 
(Beyer) 
Meng (Escobar) 
Moore (WI) 
(Beyer) 
Moulton 
(Stevens) 
Murphy (FL) 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Napolitano 
(Correa) 
Newman (Beyer) 
Norman (Babin) 
Palazzo 
(Fleischmann) 
Pascrell 
(Pallone) 
Payne (Pallone) 
Perlmutter 
(Neguse) 
Quigley (Kelly 
(IL)) 
Rice (NY) 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Rice (SC) 
(Meijer) 
Ryan (OH) 
(Correa) 
Sa´nchez 
(Pallone) 
Scott, David 
(Correa) 
Sewell (Cicilline) 
Sires (Pallone) 
Suozzi (Beyer) 
Swalwell 
(Correa) 
Vargas (Correa) 
Welch (Pallone) 
Wilson (SC) 
(Dunn) 
f 
b 1330 
MENTAL HEALTH JUSTICE ACT OF 
2022 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, pur-
suant to House Resolution 1377, I call 
up the bill (H.R. 8542) to amend the 
Public Health Service Act to authorize 
grants to States, Indian Tribes, Tribal 
organizations, Urban Indian organiza-
tions, and political subdivisions thereof 
to hire, employ, train, and dispatch 
mental health professionals to respond 
in lieu of law enforcement officers in 
emergencies involving one or more per-
sons with a mental illness or an intel-
lectual or developmental disability, 
and for other purposes, and ask for its 
immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. KIL-
DEE). Pursuant to House Resolution 
1377, the bill is considered read. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 8542 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Mental 
Health Justice Act of 2022’’. 
SEC. 2. GRANTS FOR MENTAL HEALTH PROFES-
SIONALS 
TO 
ACT 
AS 
FIRST 
RE-
SPONDERS. 
Subpart 3 of part B of title V of the Public 
Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290bb–31 et 
seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 520N. GRANTS FOR MENTAL HEALTH PRO-
FESSIONALS TO ACT AS FIRST RE-
SPONDERS. 
‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary, acting 
through the Assistant Secretary, and in con-
sultation with the Assistant Attorney Gen-
eral for the Civil Rights Division of the De-
partment of Justice, shall award grants to 
States, Indian Tribes, Tribal organizations, 
Urban Indian organizations, and political 
subdivisions thereof to establish or expand 
programs— 
‘‘(1) to hire, employ, train, and dispatch 
mental health professionals to respond in 
lieu of law enforcement officers in emer-
gencies in which— 
‘‘(A) an individual calling 911, 988, or an-
other emergency hotline states that a per-
son— 
‘‘(i) is in a mental health crisis; or 
‘‘(ii) may have a mental illness or an intel-
lectual or developmental disability; 
‘‘(B) a law enforcement officer or other 
first responder identifies a person as having 
(or possibly having) a mental illness or an 
intellectual or developmental disability; or 
‘‘(C) a law enforcement officer or other 
first responder identifies a person as being 
(or possibly being) under the influence of a 
legal or illegal substance; 
‘‘(2) to include in the training for mental 
health professionals pursuant to paragraph 
(1) training in— 
‘‘(A) the principles of deescalation; and 
‘‘(B) developmentally appropriate tech-
niques; 
‘‘(3) to ensure that such mental health pro-
fessionals link persons described in subpara-
graph (A), (B), or (C) of paragraph (1) with 
voluntary community-based services where 
appropriate; 
‘‘(4) to train the staff of dispatch centers 
regarding the proper handling of a report of 
an emergency described in paragraph (1), in-
cluding training in the principles and tech-
niques referred to in subparagraphs (A) and 
(B) of paragraph (2); and 
‘‘(5) to coordinate with law enforcement 
agencies, which may include operating inde-
pendently from but in collaboration with a 
law enforcement agency, or operating within 
such an agency. 
‘‘(b) ADDITIONAL AWARDS.—The Secretary 
shall make an additional award of funds 
under this section each fiscal year to grant-
ees that— 
‘‘(1) are in compliance with all conditions 
of their awards under this section, including 
the conditions specified in subsections (a) 
and (d); and 
‘‘(2) demonstrate that their programs 
under this section resulted in— 
‘‘(A) a notable reduction in the incarcer-
ation and death of persons with mental ill-
ness or an intellectual or developmental dis-
ability; or 
‘‘(B) a notable reduction in the use of force 
by police and a notable increase in referrals 
of persons with a mental illness or intellec-
tual disability to community-based, vol-
untary support services (other than institu-
tionalization or carceral support services). 
‘‘(c) PRIORITY.—In awarding grants under 
this section, the Secretary shall give pri-
ority to States, Indian Tribes, Tribal organi-
zations, Urban Indian organizations, and po-
litical subdivisions thereof that— 
‘‘(1) have high rates of arrests and incar-
ceration of persons with a mental illness or 
an intellectual or developmental disability; 
‘‘(2) commit to increasing resources for 
mental health and community-based support 
services or solutions for such persons; or 
‘‘(3) include peer support specialists in 
their current first responder model. 
‘‘(d) REPORTING.— 
‘‘(1) BY GRANTEES.—A recipient of a grant 
under this section shall submit to the Sec-
retary— 
‘‘(A) a quarterly report on— 
‘‘(i) the number and percentage of emer-
gencies where mental health professionals 
were dispatched in lieu of law enforcement 
officers pursuant to assistance under this 
section; 
‘‘(ii) such other matters as the Secretary 
may require for determining whether the re-
cipient should receive an additional award 
under subsection (b); and 
‘‘(iii) any increase or decrease, compared 
to any previous quarter, in incarceration or 
institutionalization 
as 
a 
result 
of 
dis-
patching mental health professionals pursu-
ant 
to 
assistance 
under 
this 
section, 
disaggregated to include data specific to per-
sons with intellectual and developmental 
disabilities and mental illnesses where avail-
able and permitted to be disclosed under ap-
plicable privacy law, so as— 
‘‘(I) to provide a critical baseline analysis; 
and 
‘‘(II) to ensure that mental health practi-
tioners are not simply funneling individuals 
into other institutionalized settings; and 
‘‘(B) a final report on the use of such grant. 
‘‘(2) BY SECRETARY.—Not later than 1 year 
after awarding the first grant under this sec-
tion, and annually thereafter, the Secretary 
shall submit to the Congress a report on the 
grant program under this section. 
‘‘(3) DISAGGREGATION OF DATA.—The report-
ing pursuant to paragraphs (1) and (2) shall, 
to the extent determined by the Secretary to 
be applicable, be disaggregated by age, sex, 
gender, race, and ethnicity. 
‘‘(e) REVOCATION
OF GRANT.—If the Sec-
retary finds, based on reporting under sub-
section (d) or other information, that activi-
ties funded through a grant under this sec-
tion are leading to a significant increase in 
incarceration or institutionalization— 
‘‘(1) the Secretary shall revoke the grant; 
and 
‘‘(2) the grantee shall repay to the Federal 
Government any amounts that the grantee— 
‘‘(A) received through the grant; and 
‘‘(B) has not obligated or expended. 
‘‘(f) 
TECHNICAL
ASSISTANCE.—The 
Sec-
retary, acting through the Assistant Sec-
retary, and in consultation with the Assist-
ant Attorney General for the Civil Rights Di-
vision of the Department of Justice, shall 
provide technical assistance to grantees 
under this section (or other Federal law), 
and to other States, Indian Tribes, Tribal or-
ganizations, Urban Indian organizations, and 
political subdivisions thereof to hire, em-
ploy, train, and dispatch mental health pro-
fessionals to respond in lieu of law enforce-
ment officers, as described in subsection (a). 
‘‘(g) DEFINITIONS.—In this section, the 
terms ‘Indian Tribe’, ‘Tribal organization’, 
and ‘Urban Indian organization’ have the 
meanings given to the terms ‘Indian tribe’, 
‘tribal organization’, and ‘Urban Indian orga-
nization’, respectively, in section 4 of the In-
dian Health Care Improvement Act. 
‘‘(h) FUNDING.—To carry out this section, 
there is authorized to be appropriated 
$250,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2023 
through 2027.’’. 
SEC. 3. STUDY. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Health 
and Human Services and the Assistant At-
torney General for the Civil Rights Division 
of the Department of Justice shall conduct a 
study on the effectiveness of programs and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:00 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00013
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE7.011
H22SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 12-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H8082 
September 22, 2022 
activities under section 520N of the Public 
Health Service Act, as added by section 2. 
(b) QUALITATIVE AND LONGITUDINAL EXAM-
INATION.—The study under subsection (a) 
shall include a qualitative and longitudinal 
study of— 
(1) the number of persons diverted from ar-
rests; and 
(2) short- and long-term outcomes for those 
persons, including reduced recidivism, re-
duced incidences of use of force, and reduced 
utilization of resources. 
(c) COMPLETION; REPORT.—Not later than 3 
years after the date of enactment of this 
Act, the Secretary of Health and Human 
Services and the Assistant Attorney General 
for the Civil Rights Division of the Depart-
ment of Justice shall— 
(1) complete the study under subsection 
(a); 
(2) submit a report to the Congress on the 
results of such study; and 
(3) publish such report. 
SEC. 4. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
(a) HIRING
OF
LAW
ENFORCEMENT
OFFI-
CERS.—Nothing in this Act shall be con-
strued to remove, supplant, alter, or limit 
the authority of States, public agencies, or 
municipalities from hiring or recruiting ca-
reer law enforcement officers (as defined in 
section 1709 of the Omnibus Crime Control 
and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10389)) 
to engage in or supervise the prevention, de-
tection, or investigation of violations of 
criminal laws when appropriate. 
(b) CIRCUMSTANCES OF IMMINENT OR IMME-
DIATE DANGER.—Nothing in this Act shall be 
construed to impede, supplant, alter, or limit 
the use of career law enforcement officers 
during emergencies which career law en-
forcement officers may be best suited to han-
dle, including circumstances that are urgent, 
sudden, serious, or necessitate immediate ac-
tion to remedy harm or avert imminent dan-
ger to life, health, or property. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill 
shall be debatable for 30 minutes equal-
ly divided and controlled by the chair 
and ranking minority member of the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce 
or their respective designees. 
The gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. 
PALLONE) and the gentleman from 
North Dakota (Mr. ARMSTRONG) each 
will control 15 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New Jersey (Mr. PALLONE). 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members 
may have 5 legislative days in which to 
revise and extend their remarks and in-
clude extraneous material on H.R. 8542, 
the Mental Health Justice Act of 2022. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-
tleman from New Jersey? 
There was no objection. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise today in support of H.R. 8542, 
the Mental Health Justice Act of 2022, 
sponsored by Congresswoman KATIE 
PORTER of California. 
As my colleagues well know, the Na-
tion is facing a mental health crisis. 
One in five adults experience a mental 
health illness in their life, and 1 in 20 
experience a serious mental illness. 
The Mental Health Justice Act cre-
ates a grant program for local govern-
ments to hire, train, and dispatch men-
tal health professionals when 911 is 
called because someone is experiencing 
a mental health crisis. 
Mr. Speaker, we must ensure people 
have access to the support they need, 
especially in moments of crisis when 
emergency responders are called. 
This legislation would help support 
connecting those experiencing a men-
tal health crisis with the appropriate 
responders, resources, and care. The 
appropriate responder here is crucial. 
In an effort to balance the needs of in-
dividuals and communities, this bill 
still maintains States’ and public enti-
ties’ hiring and recruiting authority 
for law enforcement officers and in no 
way limits their ability to intervene in 
dangerous circumstances. 
It is through such coordination and 
collaboration with law enforcement 
and the community that we make our 
communities safer. 
By ensuring that a mental health 
professional is the responder in situa-
tions where a person is experiencing a 
mental health or disability-related cri-
sis, this bill will help keep some of the 
most vulnerable members of our com-
munity safe. 
This is a good bill that will help 
strengthen the communities we serve, 
and I urge all my colleagues to support 
H.R. 8542 today. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. ARMSTRONG. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposi-
tion to H.R. 8542, the Mental Health 
Justice Act of 2022. 
‘‘In lieu of law enforcement officers 
in emergencies.’’ I am going to say it 
again, because that is the exact lan-
guage used repeatedly in the bill. ‘‘In 
lieu of law enforcement officers in 
emergencies.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, this bill is dangerous. 
This legislation gives Federal grants to 
States, Tribes, and localities to hire 
mental health providers to respond to 
certain emergencies involving an indi-
vidual with an intellectual disability 
or developmental disability; an indi-
vidual experiencing a mental health 
crisis; or an individual under the influ-
ence. 
There is nothing wrong with mental 
health professionals assisting law en-
forcement 
in 
appropriate 
cir-
cumstances. Communities around the 
country are adopting these models 
with law enforcement, mental health 
providers, and prosecutors. 
I would be open to supporting legisla-
tion limited to training mental health 
providers to assist law enforcement in 
appropriate situations, but that is not 
what this bill does. 
A sentence in the bill begins by stat-
ing that ‘‘mental health providers may 
coordinate 
with 
law 
enforcement.’’ 
Sounds acceptable, but it continues to 
read, ‘‘which may include operating 
independently’’ from law enforcement. 
Let’s be clear. The purpose of this 
legislation is to provide financial in-
centives to deploy mental health pro-
viders to inherently dangerous situa-
tions in lieu of law enforcement and 
operating independently of law en-
forcement. That is a policy that will 
endanger the mental health profes-
sional, the suspect, the person experi-
encing the mental health crisis, and 
the person who called 911. 
A crime scene or a home experi-
encing a domestic violence dispute is 
not the setting to provide mental 
health care. 
In the first half of 2022, the leading 
circumstance of law enforcement offi-
cers killed with firearms was in re-
sponse to domestic violence calls. 
Nobody can confidently tell us they 
know in advance which domestic vio-
lence call should get a mental health 
response instead of a law enforcement 
response. 
Mental health professionals are not 
trained for the inevitable physical con-
frontations that occur in these situa-
tions. The priority in an emergency 
situation is to secure the scene and all 
individuals involved, which is a law en-
forcement function. Once the scene is 
secure, I will be the first person calling 
for mental health services, whether it 
is addiction-related, trauma, or mental 
illness. 
There is a time and a place for men-
tal health care, but it is not rolling up 
to a scene without the training and 
tools to defend yourself and at-risk ci-
vilians. A first responder typically does 
not have the time and information to 
know when it is appropriate to provide 
mental health services. 
Who are we expecting to make the 
distinction on mental health? The 911 
dispatcher? An elected official inserted 
into the emergency dispatch process? 
Every additional second layer of bu-
reaucracy will cost lives. The risks are 
even greater in rural parts of the coun-
try, like my home State of North Da-
kota, where backup is often measured 
in hours, not minutes. 
Ask a mental health provider if they 
want to be deployed without law en-
forcement at 1 a.m. on the side of High-
way 85 between Dickinson and Watford 
City. 
As if the public safety concerns 
aren’t enough, the bill provides addi-
tional financial incentives for the ac-
tions that may not be in the best inter-
est of the individual, the community, 
or comply with established laws of the 
jurisdiction. 
The bill provides additional awards 
for referrals to community-based, vol-
untary support services without con-
sideration of the specific needs and cir-
cumstances. 
Community-based care could be the 
appropriate setting, but there are cir-
cumstances where inpatient care or in-
carceration are simply more appro-
priate. 
The bill also provides incentives for 
decarceration rates of certain groups of 
individuals. Again, decarceration may 
make sense at times. I have advocated 
for it in lots of circumstances, but it is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:00 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00014
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE7.013
H22SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 13-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H8083 
September 22, 2022 
case specific. I have seen it before. Po-
lice arrest on a domestic violence 
charge, release, and respond to a mur-
der 2 hours later. 
These decisions should be made at 
the local level based on specific cir-
cumstances with State and local input. 
This bill attempts to treat the sub-
ject of the 911 call with fairness and 
dignity. That is something we should 
all strive toward. The flip side is that 
this bill does not account for the per-
son who made the 911 call. 
These policies will not work in the 
real world. It will only make dangerous 
situations more dangerous. The unin-
tended consequences of this bill are ex-
tensive, and emergency situations will 
become more dangerous than they al-
ready are. 
This is why we need committee proc-
ess to work through these challenging 
issues. Criminal justice reform is hard. 
There are lots and lots of unintended 
consequences. 
I 
have 
legitimately 
worked on it my entire adult life. But 
my Democratic colleagues skipped that 
process because their focus is on front-
line elections in the House, not front-
line communities battling rising crime 
rates. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. ARMSTRONG. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from 
Kentucky (Mr. GUTHRIE). 
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in opposition to this bill. 
Make no mistake, this bill is a Tro-
jan horse to advance the radical defund 
the police movement and will hurt peo-
ple who need help the most. 
This bill would not only keep our 
dedicated law enforcement officers off 
the streets at a time when crime is ris-
ing and illicit drugs are flooding com-
munities but, also, could significantly 
reduce access to care for individuals 
with severe mental illness or substance 
use disorder. This bill would penalize 
organizations that have higher rates of 
institutionalization. 
To be clear, we need to promote ac-
cess 
to 
all 
types 
of 
behavioral 
healthcare and substance use disorder 
services. However, this bill does not 
take into account that sometimes 
these organizations provide the safest, 
most effective care for individuals with 
serious mental illness. 
If Democrats’ goal is to provide effec-
tive care for individuals with disabil-
ities, severe mental illness, and sub-
stance use disorder, then we already 
have legislative solutions which this 
very body overwhelmingly passed in 
June of this year. 
b 1345 
In June of this year, the Restoring 
Hope for Mental Health and Well-Being 
Act was passed, and it would bolster 
behavioral health and substance use 
disorder treatment and recovery serv-
ices for millions of Americans, most 
notably our children. 
Democrats need to work with Repub-
licans on addressing some of the root 
causes of crime, such as our border cri-
sis that the Vice President insists is se-
cure despite record numbers of border 
encounters and illicit drugs being traf-
ficked into our country. 
We have a solution in the Energy and 
Commerce Committee to provide law 
enforcement officers the tools they 
need to get drugs off our streets and 
break the cycle of addiction. The 
HALT Fentanyl Act would perma-
nently schedule fentanyl-related sub-
stances as schedule I drugs. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
work with Republicans on passing this 
legislation. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I only 
have one speaker, so I will continue to 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. ARMSTRONG. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from 
Indiana (Mr. PENCE), my good friend. 
Mr. PENCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
in strong opposition to H.R. 8542. 
Plain and simple, this legislation 
would only amplify the violent crime 
wave we are currently seeing under 
Democratic leadership. Turn on the 
TV, watch the news. Night after night, 
we have to hear about the innocent 
lives taken from us because of the vio-
lence we are seeing in our streets. Just 
like other communities across the 
country, communities in Indiana aren’t 
immune. Our hardworking law enforce-
ment heroes alone are already strug-
gling to keep up with this spike in 
crime. 
This legislation does absolutely noth-
ing to help. In fact, it will make the 
situation 
worse, 
making 
good 
on 
Democrats’ promise to dismantle and 
defund the police. 
These aren’t policing bills. This is a 
way for the Democrats to just check a 
box in this election year. It is dis-
respectful to our law enforcement com-
munity and an insult to those strug-
gling with mental health and substance 
abuse issues. 
I have heard from countless county 
sheriffs and police chiefs back in my 
district who want to be a partner with 
mental health providers, not be re-
placed by them. 
I implore my Democratic colleagues 
to end their war on law enforcement 
and come together to work with Re-
publicans who want to make our com-
munities safer. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-
fornia (Ms. PORTER), the sponsor of this 
legislation, someone who has worked 
so hard in her time here on mental 
health and behavioral health issues. 
Ms. PORTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to support getting Americans 
the help that they need. 
More than one in five 911 calls in-
volve mental health or substance use 
crises. That amounts to millions of 
calls per year. 
To keep these Americans safe, we 
need to connect them to healthcare. It 
is wasteful, hurtful, and a travesty of 
justice to criminalize people in mental 
health crises rather than deliver care. 
One in four fatal law enforcement en-
counters ends the life of someone with 
mental illness. We cannot improve pub-
lic safety without giving our commu-
nities a better response system for 
mental health crises. 
My bill, the Mental Health Justice 
Act, funds local communities to create 
specialized 
mental 
health 
response 
units. Made up of trained health profes-
sionals, these units can be dispatched 
to respond to emergency calls for men-
tal health. That way, people in crisis 
can get the care they need; police offi-
cers can focus on crime, including stop-
ping violent crime and other core law 
enforcement duties; and our commu-
nities get another tool to address our 
mental health crisis. 
The Mental Health Justice Act has 
widespread support from advocacy or-
ganizations fighting for mental health 
and civil rights because this approach 
works. In cities that already have 
these programs across the country, we 
see incredible, positive results and sup-
port from local law enforcement. 
In Orange County, our law enforce-
ment officials support this bill because 
their job is already difficult enough. 
They know their sworn duty is to pre-
vent and solve crime and hold crimi-
nals accountable. Sending police to 
mental health situations diverts their 
attention from crime fighting. I have 
heard firsthand from officers who want 
specialized 
mental 
health 
response 
units. This bill empowers police to stay 
where they are needed, fighting crime. 
At the same time, entangling people 
in mental health crises in the criminal 
justice system or holding them in jail 
wastes taxpayer dollars and doesn’t de-
liver on public safety. 
When we send police to people in cri-
sis, we fail to get those people des-
perately needed healthcare, and we 
take law enforcement away from tack-
ling the violent crime that they are 
trained to take on. This hurts everyone 
in our community. 
The Mental Health Justice Act is 
supported by a broad bipartisan coali-
tion, co-led by my colleague from Or-
ange County, Republican MICHELLE 
STEEL, and my colleagues AYANNA 
PRESSLEY, TONY CA´ RDENAS, and MARY 
GAY SCANLON. 
Keeping Americans safe and healthy 
is not a partisan issue. I am proud to 
champion the Mental Health Justice 
Act, a tested, effective solution to pro-
mote public safety and well-being for 
every American. 
Mr. ARMSTRONG. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from 
Pennsylvania (Mr. JOYCE), my good 
friend. 
Mr. JOYCE of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today in opposition to 
this bill. 
The crime rates that we have seen 
skyrocket across the United States can 
be traced directly back to calls from 
far-left Members of Congress to defund 
the police. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:00 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00015
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.021
H22SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 14-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H8084 
September 22, 2022 
In my own district, we have seen 
more violent crimes than ever before. 
In the city of Johnstown, Pennsyl-
vania, a community of just 20,000 peo-
ple, we have already seen 10 murders so 
far this year. 
Instead of confronting this issue 
head-on, this legislative package hands 
out over $2 billion to far-left programs 
while only funding $60 million worth of 
grants for police officers, and that $60 
million would be spread out over 50 
States. 
This bill is deeply misguided and will 
not address the root issues of the crisis 
that we are facing. Instead, it spends 
Federal tax dollars funding social 
workers under the guise of supporting 
law enforcement. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-
leagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on these bills, and 
I myself will vote ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I have 
no additional speakers, and I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. ARMSTRONG. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself the balance of my time to 
close. 
Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD 
this letter from the National District 
Attorneys Association in opposition to 
this legislation. 
NATIONAL DISTRICT 
ATTORNEYS ASSOCIATION, 
Washington, DC, September 21, 2022. 
Hon. NANCY PELOSI, 
Speaker of the House, House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
Hon. KEVIN MCCARTHY, 
Republican Leader, House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR SPEAKER PELOSI AND LEADER MCCAR-
THY: I am reaching out on behalf of the Na-
tional 
District 
Attorneys 
Association 
(NDAA), the oldest and largest national or-
ganization representing state and local pros-
ecutors in the country. With more than 5,500 
members nationwide, NDAA is recognized as 
the leading source of national expertise on 
the prosecution function and is a valuable 
resource for the media, academia, govern-
ment, and community leaders. Today, I write 
with concern about H.R. 8542, the Mental 
Health Justice Act, as part of the policing 
package moving through Congress. 
NDAA is strongly supportive of increasing 
funding for our partner law enforcement 
agencies, implementing new grants focused 
on reducing community violence, and assist-
ing investigators in solving cold cases to bet-
ter support victims of violent crime. How-
ever, prosecutors have significant concerns 
about the fourth legislative proposal which 
would establish new grants to ‘‘hire, employ, 
train, and dispatch mental health profes-
sionals to respond in lieu of law enforcement 
officers in emergencies.’’ 
Currently, law enforcement, prosecutors, 
and mental health professionals across the 
country are proactively and organically 
forming multidisciplinary teams and engag-
ing in the co-responder model to better han-
dle incidents involving individuals suffering 
from mental health crises. For example, ju-
risdictions have paired law enforcement offi-
cers, mental health clinicians, and commu-
nity advocates together when responding to 
an individual’s mental health emergency 
called into a 911 dispatcher. This partnership 
is the first line of response and is then fol-
lowed by coordination on the back end be-
tween additional health professionals and 
prosecutors to ensure a plan can be enacted 
to provide the individual in crisis with a plan 
of rehabilitation that also ensures there is 
no public safety risk to the community. The 
language in the Mental Health Justice Act 
would undermine these collaborative efforts 
which have been shown to reduce violent 
crime, limit harm to responding law enforce-
ment officers, and improve community trust 
in the criminal justice system. 
Further, the legislation takes unprece-
dented steps to impose new grant conditions 
that require mental health professionals and 
community grantees to decrease incarcer-
ation and restrict partnership with law en-
forcement agencies. NDAA has long stated 
that any diversion or rehabilitation pro-
gram, such as those led by co-responder 
teams, must include tools to ensure con-
sequences are imposed if there are incidents 
of re-offending by the individual receiving 
treatment. Local communities are best suit-
ed to decide which models work best and 
these onerous new requirements could re-
strict or discourage programs from forming 
that serve the dual purpose of rehabilitation 
and community safety. These new conditions 
would undermine this principal and require 
our mental health partners to create new 
barriers between law enforcement and the 
clinical professionals working together to 
improve our Nation’s response to ongoing 
mental health emergencies. 
For these reasons, NDAA urges the House 
of Representatives to strongly reconsider in-
cluding the Mental Health Justice Act as 
part of the important police funding package 
moving through the chamber. We thank you 
for your tireless efforts to improve the 
criminal justice system and look forward to 
working alongside you and your staff to en-
sure law enforcement and the mental health 
community have the tools needed to keep 
our communities safe. 
Sincerely, 
JOHN J. FLYNN, 
NDAA President. 
Mr. ARMSTRONG. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself the balance of my time to 
close. The only time you know a traffic 
stop is routine is when it is over. The 
only time you know it is only a mental 
health service call is after the scene is 
secure. 
Far too often, and more complicated, 
are addiction-related issues and mental 
health-related issues, but none of those 
preclude the fact that a weapon is 
there or domestic violence has oc-
curred. 
When you continue to coordinate this 
stuff for cash-strapped departments 
across the country with decarceration, 
you will have real consequences. 
For well over 25 years, victims’ 
rights groups have fought all across 
this country to get domestic violence 
offenders held for the weekend on mis-
demeanor charges, and there are rea-
sons for that. You need them to sober 
up; you need everybody to cool off; and 
victims need the opportunity to get 
out of the house. 
These bills do nothing to do any of 
those things. These bills will make 
communities more dangerous from one 
end of the country to the other. 
This bill sounds really good. Coopera-
tion, coordination, all of those words 
sound fantastic. I will be the first one 
championing mental health and addic-
tion services to anybody in lieu of cus-
tody, in lieu of prison, in lieu of jail 
time, but I want to do it after the 
scene is secure and we know there is no 
weapon onsite and nobody is in danger, 
when we know the victim is not in dan-
ger, the community is not in danger, 
and the person who is experiencing ad-
diction, mental health, whatever crisis 
it is, is not in danger. 
This bill doesn’t do that. This bill 
does the opposite of that. We should re-
ject it and get back to work on the 
hard work of passing reasonable, real, 
strong criminal justice reform. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
oppose this bill, and I yield back the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time to close. 
Mr. Speaker, I commend the gentle-
woman from California (Ms. PORTER) 
for constantly coming up with innova-
tive approaches to the mental health 
and the opioid crises. I see this over 
and over again on her part. 
Look, the bottom line is local gov-
ernments need support for these types 
of specialized mental health response 
units that she has put together as part 
of this bill with grant funding. This 
isn’t going to happen unless the Fed-
eral Government provides this kind of 
funding and authorization for these 
programs. I know locally in New Jer-
sey, it will not happen unless we do 
something and provide these types of 
grants. 
It does disturb me that the Repub-
licans keep trying to politicize this be-
cause I know that on our committee, 
the 
Energy 
and 
Commerce 
Com-
mittee—and most of the speakers on 
the other side are on our committee— 
we have worked hard to come together 
in a bipartisan way to try to come up 
with innovative approaches to the be-
havioral health crisis. 
We did a bill that passed the House 
404–20 just a few months ago that pro-
vides help for mental health and well- 
being that has ways of trying to deal 
with this crisis. I think that KATIE 
PORTER should be commended for com-
ing up with another creative and inno-
vative approach for trying to deal with 
this. 
Every day, we know that the crisis is 
there, and we have to, at a Federal 
level, respond to it. This bill will go 
very far, in my opinion, toward re-
sponding to that crisis. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge everyone to sup-
port this bill on both sides of the aisle, 
and I yield back the balance of my 
time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate has expired. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 1377, 
the previous question is ordered on the 
bill. 
The question is on the engrossment 
and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the 
third time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that 
the ayes appeared to have it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:00 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00016
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.023
H22SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 15-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H8085 
September 22, 2022 
Mr. ARMSTRONG. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-
ceedings on this question will be post-
poned. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE 
A message from the Senate by Ms. 
Byrd, one of its clerks, announced that 
the Senate has passed without amend-
ment a bill of the House of the fol-
lowing title: 
H.R. 6899. An act to prohibit the Secretary 
of the Treasury from engaging in trans-
actions involving the exchange of Special 
Drawing Rights issued by the International 
Monetary Fund that are held by the Russian 
Federation of Belarus. 
The message also announced that the 
Senate agrees to the amendment of the 
House to the bill (S. 516) ‘‘An Act to 
plan for and coordinate efforts to inte-
grate advanced air mobility aircraft 
into the national airspace system, and 
for other purposes.’’. 
f 
b 1400 
INVEST TO PROTECT ACT OF 2022 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, pursuant 
to House Resolution 1377, I call up the 
bill (H.R. 6448) to direct the Director of 
the Office of Community Oriented Po-
licing Services of the Department of 
Justice to carry out a grant program to 
provide assistance to police depart-
ments with fewer than 200 law enforce-
ment officers, and for other purposes, 
and ask for its immediate consider-
ation in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 1377, an 
amendment in the nature of a sub-
stitute consisting of the text of Rules 
Committee Print 117–65 is adopted and 
the bill, as amended, is considered 
read. 
The text of the bill, as amended, is as 
follows: 
H.R. 6448 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Invest to Pro-
tect Act of 2022’’. 
SEC. 2. GRANT PROGRAM. 
(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this Act: 
(1) DE-ESCALATION TRAINING.—The term ‘‘de- 
escalation training’’ means training relating to 
taking action or communicating verbally or non- 
verbally during a potential force encounter in 
an attempt to stabilize the situation so that 
more time, options, and resources can be called 
upon to minimize the need for the use of force 
and increase the likelihood of voluntary compli-
ance, including persuasion, warnings, creating 
space, use of physical barriers, slowing down 
the pace of an incident, and requesting addi-
tional resources. 
(2) DIRECTOR.—The term ‘‘Director’’ means 
the Director of the Office. 
(3) ELIGIBLE LOCAL GOVERNMENT.—The term 
‘‘eligible local government’’ means— 
(A) a county, municipality, town, township, 
village, parish, borough, or other unit of general 
government below the State level that employs 
fewer than 125 law enforcement officers; or 
(B) a Tribal government that employs fewer 
than 125 law enforcement officers. 
(4) LAW
ENFORCEMENT
OFFICER.—The term 
‘‘law enforcement officer’’ has the meaning 
given the term ‘‘career law enforcement officer’’ 
in section 1709 of title I the Omnibus Crime Con-
trol and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 
10389). 
(5) OFFICE.—The term ‘‘Office’’ means the Of-
fice of Community Oriented Policing Services of 
the Department of Justice. 
(b) 
ESTABLISHMENT.—There 
is 
established 
within the Office a grant program to— 
(1) provide training and access to mental 
health resources to local law enforcement offi-
cers; and 
(2) improve the recruitment and retention of 
local law enforcement officers. 
(c) AUTHORITY.—Not later than 120 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Director 
shall award grants to eligible local governments 
as a part of the grant program established under 
subsection (b). 
(d) APPLICATIONS.— 
(1) BARRIERS.—The Attorney General shall de-
termine what barriers exist to establishing a 
streamlined application process for grants under 
this section. 
(2) REPORT.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 60 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney 
General shall submit to Congress a report that 
includes a plan to execute a streamlined appli-
cation process for grants under this section 
under which an eligible local government seek-
ing a grant under this section can reasonably 
complete the application in not more than 2 
hours. 
(B) CONTENTS
OF
PLAN.—The plan required 
under subparagraph (A) may include a plan 
for— 
(i) proactively providing eligible local govern-
ments seeking a grant under this section with 
information on the data such eligible local gov-
ernments will need to prepare before beginning 
the grant application; and 
(ii) ensuring technical assistance is available 
for eligible local governments seeking a grant 
under this section before and during the grant 
application process, including through dedi-
cated liaisons within the Office. 
(3) APPLICATIONS.—In selecting eligible local 
governments to receive grants under this sec-
tion, the Director shall use the streamlined ap-
plication process described in paragraph (2)(A). 
(4) PREFERENCE.—The Attorney General may 
give preference to applicants who specify in 
their applications that grant amounts will be 
used for the eligible activities set forth in para-
graphs (1), (2), (3), (4), (9), and (10) of sub-
section (e). 
(e) ELIGIBLE
ACTIVITIES.—An eligible local 
government that receives a grant under this sec-
tion may use amounts from the grant only for— 
(1) de-escalation training for law enforcement 
officers; 
(2) victim-centered training for law enforce-
ment officers in handling situations of domestic 
violence; 
(3) evidence-based law enforcement safety 
training for response to calls for service involv-
ing— 
(A) persons with substance use disorders; 
(B) persons with mental health needs; 
(C) veterans; 
(D) persons with disabilities; 
(E) vulnerable youth; 
(F) persons who are victims of domestic vio-
lence, sexual assault, or trafficking; and 
(G) persons experiencing homelessness or liv-
ing in poverty; 
(4) the offsetting of overtime costs associated 
with scheduling issues relating to the participa-
tion of a law enforcement officer in the training 
described in paragraphs (1) through (3), (9) and 
(10); 
(5) a signing bonus for a law enforcement offi-
cer in an amount determined by the eligible 
local government; 
(6) a retention bonus for a law enforcement 
officer— 
(A) in an amount determined by the eligible 
local government that does not exceed 20 percent 
of the salary of the law enforcement officer; and 
(B) who— 
(i) has been employed at the law enforcement 
agency for not fewer than 5 years; 
(ii) has not been found by an internal inves-
tigation to have engaged in serious misconduct; 
and 
(iii) commits to remain with the law enforce-
ment agency for a minimum 3 years from the 
time of receipt of the bonus; 
(7) a stipend for the graduate education of 
law enforcement officers in the area of mental 
health, public health, or social work, which 
shall not exceed the lesser of— 
(A) $10,000; or 
(B) the amount the law enforcement officer 
pays towards such graduate education; 
(8) providing access to patient-centered behav-
ioral health services for law enforcement offi-
cers, which may include resources for risk as-
sessments, 
evidence-based, 
trauma-informed 
care to treat post-traumatic stress disorder or 
acute stress disorder, peer support and coun-
selor services and family supports, and the pro-
motion of improved access to high quality men-
tal health care through telehealth; 
(9) implementation of evidence-based best 
practices and training on the use of lethal and 
nonlethal force; 
(10) implementation of evidence-based best 
practices and training on the duty of care and 
the duty to intervene; and 
(11) data collection for police practices regard-
ing officer and community safety. 
(f) REPORTING REQUIREMENTS FOR GRANT RE-
CIPIENTS.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Director shall establish 
reporting requirements for eligible local govern-
ment that receive a grant under this section in 
order to assist with the evaluation by the Office 
of the program established under this section. 
(2) CONSIDERATIONS.—In establishing any re-
quirements under paragraph (1), the Director 
shall consider the capacity of law enforcement 
agencies with fewer than 125 officers to collect 
and report information. 
(g) DISCLOSURE OF OFFICER RECRUITMENT AND 
RETENTION BONUSES.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 60 days after 
the date on which an eligible local government 
that receives a grant under this section awards 
a signing or retention bonus described in para-
graph (5) or (6) of subsection (e), the eligible 
local government shall disclose to the Director 
and make publicly available on a website of the 
eligible local government the amount of such 
bonus. 
(2) REPORT.—The Attorney General shall sub-
mit to the appropriate congressional committees 
an annual report that includes each signing or 
retention bonus disclosed under paragraph (1) 
during the preceding year. 
(h) 
GRANT
ACCOUNTABILITY.—All 
grants 
awarded by the Director under this section shall 
be subject to the following accountability provi-
sions: 
(1) AUDIT REQUIREMENT.— 
(A) DEFINITION.—In this paragraph, the term 
‘‘unresolved audit finding’’ means a finding in 
the final audit report of the Inspector General 
of the Department of Justice that the audited 
grantee has used grant funds for an unauthor-
ized expenditure or otherwise unallowable cost 
that is not closed or resolved within 12 months 
from the date when the final audit report is 
issued. 
(B) AUDITS.—Beginning in the first fiscal year 
beginning after the date of enactment of this 
subsection, and in each fiscal year thereafter, 
the Inspector General of the Department of Jus-
tice shall conduct audits of recipients of grants 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:22 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00017
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.025
H22SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 16-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H8086 
September 22, 2022 
under this section to prevent waste, fraud, and 
abuse of funds by grantees. The Inspector Gen-
eral of the Department of Justice shall deter-
mine the appropriate number of grantees to be 
audited each year. 
(C) MANDATORY
EXCLUSION.—A recipient of 
grant funds under this section that is found to 
have an unresolved audit finding shall not be 
eligible to receive grant funds under this section 
during the first 3 fiscal years beginning after 
the end of the 12-month period described in sub-
paragraph (A). 
(D) REIMBURSEMENT.—If an eligible local gov-
ernment is awarded grant funds under this sec-
tion during the 3-fiscal-year period during 
which the eligible local government is barred 
from receiving grants under subparagraph (C), 
the Attorney General shall— 
(i) deposit an amount equal to the amount of 
the grant funds that were improperly awarded 
to the grantee into the General Fund of the 
Treasury; and 
(ii) seek to recoup the costs of the repayment 
to the fund from the grant recipient that was er-
roneously awarded grant funds. 
(2) ANNUAL CERTIFICATION.—Beginning in the 
fiscal year during which audits commence under 
paragraph (1)(B), the Attorney General shall 
submit to the Committee on the Judiciary and 
the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate 
and the Committee on the Judiciary and the 
Committee on Appropriations of the House of 
Representatives an annual certification— 
(A) indicating whether— 
(i) all audits issued by the Office of the In-
spector General of the Department of Justice 
under paragraph (1) have been completed and 
reviewed by the appropriate Assistant Attorney 
General or Director; 
(ii) all mandatory exclusions required under 
paragraph (1)(C) have been issued; and 
(iii) all reimbursements required under para-
graph (1)(E) have been made; and 
(B) that includes a list of any grant recipients 
excluded under paragraph (1) from the previous 
year. 
(i) 
PROGRAM
EVALUATION.—The 
Attorney 
General shall, on an annual basis, conduct 
analyses of the information provided by grant 
recipients pursuant to subsection (f) to evaluate 
the efficacy of training programs funded 
through the grant program established by this 
Act in reducing the incidence of use of force by 
the law enforcement agency. 
(j) PREVENTING DUPLICATIVE GRANTS.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Before the Director awards a 
grant to an eligible local government under this 
section, the Attorney General shall compare po-
tential grant awards with other grants awarded 
by the Attorney General to determine if grant 
awards are or have been awarded for a similar 
purpose. 
(2) REPORT.—If the Attorney General awards 
grants to the same applicant for a similar pur-
pose, whether through the grant program estab-
lished by this Act or other grant programs pro-
vided by the Department of Justice, the Attor-
ney General shall submit to the Committee on 
the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee 
on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives 
a report that includes— 
(A) a list of all such grants awarded, includ-
ing the total dollar amount of any such grants 
awarded; and 
(B) the reason the Attorney General awarded 
multiple grants to the same applicant for a simi-
lar purpose. 
(k) FUNDING.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—There is authorized to be ap-
propriated $60,000,000 for each of fiscal years 
2023 through 2027 to carry out the grant pro-
gram under this section. 
(2) LIMITATION.—In carrying out this section 
for a fiscal year, if the amounts made available 
in appropriations Acts for that fiscal year is not 
less than the amount authorized to be appro-
priated under paragraph (1), the Director shall 
use not less than 20 percent of such amounts in 
that fiscal year for grants under this section to 
eligible local governments that will use the 
grants to carry out one or more of the eligible 
activities set forth in paragraphs (1), (2), (3), (4), 
(9), and (10) of subsection (e). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill, 
as amended, shall be debatable for 30 
minutes equally divided and controlled 
by the chair and ranking minority 
member of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary or their respective designees. 
The gentleman from New York (Mr. 
NADLER) and the gentleman from Ohio 
(Mr. JORDAN) each will control 15 min-
utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New York. 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members 
may have 5 legislative days in which to 
revise and extend their remarks and in-
sert extraneous material on H.R. 6448. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-
tleman from New York? 
There was no objection. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 6448, the Invest to 
Protect Act, is bipartisan legislation to 
bolster law enforcement agencies’ abil-
ity to address staffing shortages and 
improve community safety through de- 
escalation training and mental health 
resources. 
Let me be clear, Democrats have al-
ways stood for equitable funding for 
law enforcement. Contrary to what 
some of my colleagues might say, the 
issue of violent crime is not a red State 
or blue State issue. The rise in violent 
crime affects every community across 
the country. 
Democrats also know that public 
safety and respect for civil rights can 
coexist. Building healthy and strong 
communities does not require us to 
choose between our rights and our safe-
ty. 
This legislation would establish a 
grant program focused on improving 
recruitment and retention of officers 
and providing additional training and 
access to mental health resources for 
small law enforcement agencies. 
When police departments are unable 
to recruit, retain, and adequately re-
source qualified officers, communities 
suffer a clear threat to public safety. 
These officer staffing shortages can 
cause longer wait times for emergency 
calls, fewer crimes cleared, and more 
overworked officers, which can threat-
en both officer health and the quality 
of life in our communities. 
This bill seeks to address these chal-
lenges by providing additional Federal 
resources to small agencies to recruit 
and retain qualified officers, as well as 
provide additional training and support 
for these agencies. 
I 
thank 
Representative 
JOSH 
GOTTHEIMER for his leadership on this 
issue and for introducing this impor-
tant legislation along with his bipar-
tisan cosponsors. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support the bill, and I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. JORDAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, the chairman just said 
that the Democrats have always been 
for—I think the direct quote was: ‘‘eq-
uitable funding for law enforcement.’’ 
That is interesting because, just 2 
years ago, here is what the chairman 
said in June 2020: 
There should be substantial cuts to police 
budgets. 
I don’t know how you can say you 
have always been for something when 2 
years ago you said that you weren’t, 
but that just seems what Democrats 
are up to today. 
Let’s call this package of bills before 
us today exactly what it is: It is an 
election year ploy from Democrats to 
look like they care about funding law 
enforcement. 
In the wake of radical leftwing ef-
forts to defund the police, it is no sur-
prise that violent crime is on the rise 
in America. Every major urban area 
has seen a huge uptick in violent 
crime. It should also be no surprise 
that Democrats are now trying to run 
and hide from their radical ideas and 
dangerous rhetoric. 
For more than 2 years, we have seen 
violent crime surge all across the coun-
try, particularly in Democrat-run cit-
ies while many of those same Demo-
crats not only advocated for defunding 
police departments, but they did it. 
They cut them. 
Now, the Democrats want to use Fed-
eral tax dollars to paper over the prob-
lems they created in their local Demo-
crat-run cities. 
These bills do nothing to solve the 
underlying problem. They simply cre-
ate more grant programs within the 
bureaucracy of the Federal Govern-
ment. 
Under current law, there are already 
grants available to law enforcement to 
hire personnel. In fact, last year, the 
Justice 
Department 
awarded 
more 
than $139 million in grant dollars 
through the Office of Community Ori-
ented Policing Services. That money 
provided funds to 183 law enforcement 
agencies and allowed them to hire 
more than 1,000 additional officers. 
We don’t need more Federal grants so 
Democrat-run cities can then divert 
taxpayer money to fund their woke 
agenda. What we need are prosecutors 
who are willing to prosecute crimes 
and jurisdictions with laws that actu-
ally keep violent criminals in prison. 
Nothing in these bills prevents juris-
dictions that choose to defund their po-
lice from receiving these grant funds. 
In fact, when Judiciary Republicans of-
fered an amendment to preclude juris-
dictions that defunded their police 
from receiving grant funds, the Demo-
crats rejected it, and they rejected it 
unanimously. 
Faced with an election just over a 
month away, House Democrats now 
want to pretend they actually support 
law enforcement. The timing of this 
bill should tell you all you need to 
know about where Democrat priorities 
are. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:22 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00018
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE7.014
H22SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 17-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H8087 
September 22, 2022 
Democrats who are in full control of 
this body have had 2 years to show 
their support for law enforcement. 
Only now, when faced with an impend-
ing election, are Democrats beginning 
to feign support for our men and 
women in blue. 
Democrats could have shown their 
support for law enforcement. Instead, 
Democrats passed bills to infringe on 
Americans’ Second Amendment rights, 
legalize marijuana, and further em-
power the Biden Justice Department to 
spy on concerned parents. 
These bills are just another admis-
sion by Democrats that the defund the 
police movement is wrong and irre-
sponsible. Perhaps, if the Democrats 
weren’t in a cleanup mode after their 
irresponsible embrace of defund the po-
lice rhetoric, the Judiciary Committee 
could have had an opportunity to con-
sider and improve most of these bills 
before they came to the floor. But we 
didn’t. Instead, Democrats are rushing 
to consider these bills to give them-
selves some pretense that they support 
funding the police. 
No one is fooled. Americans know 
where Democrats really stand. Ameri-
cans aren’t buying the Democrats’ re-
visionist history. They have seen years 
of 
Democrats 
embracing 
and 
sup-
porting the radical defund the police 
movement. Americans know that the 
Democrats are the party of soaring 
crime and defunding the police. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge opposition of this 
bill, and I reserve the balance of my 
time. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the distinguished gen-
tleman 
from 
New 
Jersey 
(Mr. 
GOTTHEIMER), the sponsor of this bill. 
Mr. GOTTHEIMER. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today in support of my bipartisan, 
bicameral legislation, the Invest to 
Protect Act, to invest in good policing, 
to fight crime, and to protect our fami-
lies and officers. 
We must ensure that local police de-
partments across our country have 
what they need to recruit and retain 
the finest officers, provide necessary 
training, and invest in providing men-
tal health resources for our officers. 
Across our country, we have seen a 
rise in crime, and this is at a time 
when it is harder than ever to hire, re-
cruit, and retain officers. In fact, last 
year, public reports found a 44 percent 
increase in retirements and an 18 per-
cent increase in resignations of law en-
forcement. 
It is clear: If you want to make some-
thing better, you don’t get there by 
cutting or defunding. You need to 
make smart, targeted investments. We 
must fund, not defund, law enforce-
ment. 
That is why I introduced the bipar-
tisan Invest to Protect Act to make 
critical investments in local police de-
partments and protect our commu-
nities. 
Work on Invest to Protect started 
more than a year ago through bipar-
tisan police reform talks with Demo-
crats and Republicans in the House, 
the Senate, and the States, including 
with members of the bipartisan Prob-
lem Solvers Caucus, who have over-
whelmingly endorsed this legislation. 
I helped craft the bipartisan Invest to 
Protect Act with Republican Congress-
man, former sheriff, and my friend, 
JOHN RUTHERFORD, and it was devel-
oped through conversations with both 
sides in both Chambers, and with a 
broad spectrum of stakeholders. I, 
again, thank the sheriff for his work 
and leadership. 
I am appreciative of the support and 
input from the National Association of 
Police Organizations; the Fraternal 
Order of Police; our New Jersey law en-
forcement organizations and depart-
ments, including the New Jersey State 
PBA and the New Jersey State Fra-
ternal Order of Police; and my Senate 
colleagues. 
This bill would not be where it is 
today without the support of Congres-
sional 
Black 
Caucus 
Chairwoman 
JOYCE BEATTY, whose leadership and 
friendship have been critical. I also 
thank the Congressional Progressive 
Caucus for their constructive engage-
ment in this process. I thank Caucus 
Chairman 
JEFFRIES
and 
Speaker 
PELOSI for their work, as well. 
The Invest to Protect Act will invest 
in small and midsized police depart-
ments with fewer than 125 sworn offi-
cers, which make up more than 96 per-
cent of local departments. 
First, it will invest in officer safety, 
de-escalation, and domestic violence 
response training, and it will offset 
overtime pay for officers who are train-
ing. 
Second, it will provide grants for de-
partments to recruit new officers. It 
will also provide retention bonuses to 
help them keep their best officers on 
the job. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield an 
additional 1 minute to the gentleman. 
Mr. GOTTHEIMER. Finally, it will 
help 
departments 
provide 
mental 
health resources for their officers and 
include strong accountability meas-
ures. 
These are critical steps we must 
take. 
Going forward, I will continue to 
fight for additional equipment and 
training our officers need to protect 
our communities. 
The bottom line: You can’t cut or 
defund your way to safer communities 
and better police departments. It is 
about investing to protect. We must al-
ways get the backs of those who risk 
their lives every day to protect us. 
Again, I thank Sheriff Rutherford for 
his leadership, law enforcement unions 
for working so hard on this legislation, 
and all of our colleagues on both sides 
of the aisle for putting country first 
and getting this legislation to the 
floor. 
Mr. JORDAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Florida 
(Mr. RUTHERFORD). 
Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise in support of this bill. 
I was very fortunate during my 40- 
year law enforcement career to work 
for a large and growing law enforce-
ment agency. We had the resources to 
go after Federal grants to help keep 
our community safe, to bring those 
Federal dollars back home to protect 
my community. 
I know that many agencies that I 
worked with did not have that benefit, 
and that is why, on many of the 
projects that came from Federal par-
ticipation, we often partnered with 
much smaller agencies to help them 
out. 
This bill is all about helping those 
agencies with 125 officers or less to be 
able to access those Federal grants 
that they cannot access right now for 
training, retention, and hiring. That is 
what we should be doing, Mr. Speaker. 
That is why I worked with my good 
friend 
across 
the 
aisle, 
JOSH 
GOTTHEIMER. I appreciate him working 
on this, getting to the language that 
we could all agree with. It has been 
back and forth quite a bit, but we got 
it here to the floor, and I congratulate 
him on that. 
This is a bipartisan issue. This is for 
our law enforcement men and women. 
These are for those small agencies. We 
need to be able to help them out. 
I can tell you the last 21⁄2 years have 
left law enforcement demoralized like 
never before. I have seen it. They need 
this assistance as they have officers 
that are leaving in droves. 
I encourage my colleagues on both 
sides of the aisle to come together and 
vote for this bill, which is going to help 
small law enforcement agencies join 
with the National Fraternal Order of 
Police, which supports this bill, and 
other law enforcement organizations. 
NAPO is another. 
Mr. Speaker, I encourage everyone to 
vote ‘‘yes’’ on this bill. I believe these 
small law enforcement agencies abso-
lutely need our assistance. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the distinguished gentle-
woman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE), 
a member of the Judiciary Committee. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
think it should be noted that this bill, 
H.R. 6448, the Invest to Protect Act of 
2022, is bipartisan legislation that 
would bolster small law enforcement 
agencies’ ability to address staffing 
shortages 
and 
improve 
community 
safety through de-escalation training 
and other resources. 
It was Democrats who spent 2 years 
negotiating and working with law en-
forcement to introduce and pass the 
comprehensive George Floyd Justice in 
Policing Act, which recognized the ne-
cessity of balancing the needs and safe-
ty of community in which law enforce-
ment interests engage. I worked on 
that. 
b 1415 
I worked on that. That is why I tried 
to make this bill better by adding 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:22 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00019
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.027
H22SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 18-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H8088 
September 22, 2022 
three additional purposes for grant 
funding which include issues dealing 
with use of lethal force, excessive 
force, and duty of care. 
I am glad that they were added, and 
grantees who choose these activities 
will be required to do this under this 
particular provision. 
We can do this together. And let me 
be very clear: this is not a last-ditch ef-
fort by Democrats to distance our-
selves from efforts to defund the police. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6448, 
the ‘‘Invest to Protect Act of 2022,’’—bipar-
tisan legislation that would bolster small law 
enforcement agencies’ ability to address staff-
ing shortages and improve community safety 
through de-escalation training and other re-
sources. 
First, let’s be clear—This is not a last-ditch 
effort by Democrats to distance ourselves from 
efforts to defund the police. Democrats have 
always been supportive of law enforcement. 
We have been accused of spending the last 
two years bashing the police. Yet, it was 
Democrats who spent two years negotiating 
and working with law enforcement to introduce 
and pass the comprehensive ‘‘George Floyd 
Justice in Policing Act of 2021’’—which recog-
nized the necessity of balancing the needs 
and safety of the community with law enforce-
ment interests. 
H.R. 6448 would establish a grant program 
within the Department of Justice’s Community 
Oriented Policing Services, or COPS, program 
focused on improving recruitment and reten-
tion of officers and providing additional training 
and access to mental health resources for 
small law enforcement agencies. 
When police departments are unable to re-
cruit, retain or provide suitable resources to 
qualified officers, communities suffer a clear 
threat to public safety. A June 2021 national 
survey by the Police Executive Research 
Forum found that, on average, police depart-
ments around the country were filling only 93 
percent of their available budgeted positions. 
These officer staffing shortages can cause 
longer wait times for emergency calls, fewer 
crimes cleared, and more overworked officers, 
which can threaten both officer health and the 
quality of life in our communities. 
This bill seeks to address these challenges 
by providing additional federal resources to 
small agencies—that often have the most trou-
ble accessing federal grant funding—to recruit 
and retain qualified officers as well as provide 
additional training and support. 
A 2016 study by the Department of Justice 
(DOJ) found that of the 12,261 local police de-
partments in the country, 11,638 of them had 
less than 100 full-time sworn officers. That is 
11,638 police departments that would be eligi-
ble to access much-needed funding as author-
ized by H.R. 6448. 
Importantly, H.R. 6448 includes limitations 
on the use of grant funds for hiring and reten-
tion to ensure that the funds are not misused, 
and gives preference to applicants that plan to 
use grant funds for certain training purposes, 
including: 
de-escalation; the use of lethal and non-
lethal force; the duty of care and the duty to 
intervene—as well as— 
victim-centered training on handling domes-
tic violence situations; and 
safety training for officers responding to 
calls involving persons with substance use dis-
orders, mental health needs, disabilities, and 
vulnerable youth. 
This bill would also allow departments to 
use funds to provide mental health services 
and treatment to officers and collect data on 
policing practices that focus on officer and 
community safety. 
In its totality, H.R. 6448 provides critical 
funding to law enforcement agencies that 
need it while encouraging improvement among 
their ranks. This bill makes clear that Demo-
crats will continue to uplift and support law en-
forcement—as we always have—and we will 
do so in a manner that ensures officers are 
well-trained to keep themselves safe as well 
as the people and communities they serve. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
the gentlewoman from Texas an addi-
tional 30 seconds. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Democrats have 
always been supportive of law enforce-
ment along with our civil rights 
friends, and we have put in firewalls to 
insist that we work together with law 
enforcement and large and small enti-
ties and that we work with on behalf of 
justice for our constituents and for 
providing wellness to our police offi-
cers, providing intervention of vio-
lence, and as well to ensure that we as-
sist in cases that are backlogged. 
Democrats have been at the forefront. I 
am very glad to say that we don’t ask 
to defund the FBI, we ask to be sup-
portive of our community. 
Mr. JORDAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I just want to be clear. 
The Democrats want to go from COPS 
to community organizers, and they 
want the American taxpayer to pay for 
it. That is what they want to do in 
Democrat-run cities. 
Mr. Speaker, read the bill. It talks 
about stipends to be used for graduate 
education or social work. That is what 
the bill is for. It is not about putting 
cops on the street. It is about transfer-
ring wealth from the people who funded 
their police and communities around 
the country, who funded their police, 
and giving American tax dollars to cit-
ies who didn’t fund their police so they 
can use it for community organizers. 
That is what this bill is about. That 
is why we are against it. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the 
gentleman 
from 
Texas 
(Mr. 
ARRINGTON). 
Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank my friend from Ohio for yield-
ing. 
Mr. Speaker, I associate myself with 
Mr. JORDAN’s sentiments, and I might 
even take an even stronger and more 
critical opposition to these so-called 
law enforcement bills. I certainly don’t 
want to impugn the motive of every 
colleague on the other side of the aisle, 
but here are my strong views, and this 
is my position on behalf of west Texas: 
Since the riots of 2020, I have been 
warning my Democratic colleagues 
that we get what we tolerate. After 2 
years of Democrats’ amplifying defund 
the police rhetoric, failing to hold 
criminals accountable, and refusing to 
condemn the lawlessness that is run-
ning rampant in our cities across the 
country, crime is absolutely out of con-
trol. 
Last year, a record number of police 
officers 
were 
killed. 
Seventy-three 
American heroes lost their lives. Law 
enforcement has experienced a stag-
gering 115 percent increase in ambush- 
style attacks. Further evidence of the 
left’s war on law enforcement is that 
police have seen a 45 percent increase 
in retirements and a 20 percent in-
crease in resignations, leaving the 
most vulnerable Americans even more 
susceptible to being victimized by 
criminals. 
Now the party of defund the police 
wants to push through some face-sav-
ing bills just ahead of the election in 
November. Call me cynical, but that is 
unbelievable, Mr. Speaker. 
This legislation would expand the 
Federal 
bureaucracy 
unnecessarily, 
take over the responsibility of local 
governments, 
and 
add 
even 
more 
strings to Federal funding for the 
Biden administration or future admin-
istrations to impose their woke agenda 
and unrelated progressive policies on 
the American people. 
Mr. Speaker, these are not real solu-
tions to the crime epidemic in Amer-
ica. These are political machinations 
to give the appearance of being sup-
portive of law enforcement. These are a 
Texas-sized fig leaf to cover the Demo-
crat left’s reckless policies and dan-
gerous rhetoric that have encouraged 
crime, have only coddled criminals, 
and have created a culture of lawless-
ness in our country. 
Mr. Speaker, I condemn all of that, 
and I urge my colleagues on both sides 
to vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill and the whole 
lot of these bills that are really just 
political window dressing. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentlewoman from Vir-
ginia (Ms. SPANBERGER). 
Ms. SPANBERGER. Mr. Speaker, in 
follow-up to my colleague from Texas’ 
comment, I would also say that we get 
what we pay for, which is why I rise to 
support the bipartisan Invest to Pro-
tect Act which is legislation I was 
proud to cosponsor. This legislation 
follows our prior increases of funding 
to the community-oriented policing 
program through the appropriations 
process. 
The Invest to Protect Act would help 
get the job done of ensuring that police 
departments—particularly those like I 
represent in smaller and rural commu-
nities—have the ability to recruit and 
retain officers. 
This legislation invests in officer 
safety, it invests in domestic violence 
response training, and it invests in 
funding the police departments like 
those I represent. 
Throughout Virginia’s Seventh Dis-
trict, I hear directly from local police 
departments about the need for strong-
er investments in training, equipment, 
recruitment, and retention. And as a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:22 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00020
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.030
H22SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 19-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H8089 
September 22, 2022 
former 
law 
enforcement 
officer, 
I 
greatly admire and am thankful for the 
dedication of the men and women who 
work every day to keep our commu-
nities safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
the gentlewoman an additional 30 sec-
onds. 
Ms. SPANBERGER. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank my colleagues, Congressman 
GOTTHEIMER and Congressman RUTHER-
FORD, for their leadership on this legis-
lation. I thank CBC Chair BEATTY for 
her partnership on these important 
issues of public safety and public trust. 
And I appreciate that this bill has the 
endorsement of the Fraternal Order of 
Police and the National Association of 
Police Officers. 
This is a smart investment, smart 
policy, and at this moment we should 
have the common commitment to 
keeping America’s communities safe. 
Mr. JORDAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
such time as he may consume to the 
gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. FITZ-
GERALD). 
Mr. FITZGERALD. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today in opposition to H.R. 6448, 
the so-called Invest to Protect Act. 
All of the bills that my colleagues on 
the other side of the aisle rushed to the 
floor today are nothing more than kind 
of last-minute political items, obvi-
ously, a few weeks out from election 
day. They will use these bills to claim 
that they support funding the police. 
However, the American people are 
not fooled. They saw Democrats across 
the country call for defunding of the 
police. There is video that continues to 
run ad nauseam with examples of that, 
and it was all in the wake of George 
Floyd’s death. 
We only need to look at the House 
Judiciary Committee Democrats’ re-
fusal to take up these bills in regular 
order. For further evidence that these 
bills are a political stunt, just this 
week, Judiciary Committee Democrats 
postponed a hearing on organized retail 
theft until after the election. 
The simple truth is Democrats have 
no interest in putting forth a serious 
effort to reduce crime. All the money 
in these grant programs don’t mean a 
thing if leftwing prosecutors continue 
to let violent criminals out with little 
or no bail. 
That is why yesterday my colleagues 
and I introduced the Keeping Violent 
Offenders Off Our Streets Act after last 
year’s horrific attack in my district at 
the Waukesha Christmas parade. 
This bill takes three steps to push 
back on radical leftwing bail laws. It 
conditions the Byrne grant program 
funding on meeting the Federal pre-
trial release factors as a floor. It re-
duces grant funding by 75 percent un-
less State and local jurisdictions de-
velop and maintain a public safety re-
port. 
The problem in Waukesha was that 
later on the DA said, boy, we didn’t 
know what was going on in other 
States. We didn’t know that there were 
any other crimes committed there. And 
then judges did not have enough infor-
mation prior to setting bail. 
We can’t let people off the hook just 
by saying that we just didn’t have 
enough information. Six people died in 
the Waukesha Christmas parade be-
cause no one took the time to figure 
out that this individual who was before 
them was absolutely one of the most 
dangerous people living in Wisconsin. 
States would be further incentivized 
to report this information to the Na-
tional Crime Information Center. It 
would bring transparency, and it would 
change the bail system. 
Mr. Speaker, there are solutions to 
these issues; but, unfortunately, there 
is a faction of the Democratic Party 
that simply continues to run the oppo-
site way. I don’t know if it is to assure 
their constituencies that they are with 
them, but that time is over. 
Unfortunately, as we are in the mid-
dle of September right before the No-
vember elections, the Democrats fi-
nally woke up. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I am as-
tonished that Mr. FITZGERALD would 
admit that the Republicans want to 
defund the police by 75 percent. That is 
what he just said. After all the Repub-
lican rhetoric about the Democrats 
wanting to defund the police—which, of 
course, is not true—Mr. FITZGERALD 
just got up and told us the Republicans 
want to defund the police by 75 per-
cent. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. JORDAN. Mr. Speaker, I have no 
idea what my distinguished colleague 
and chairman of the committee was re-
ferring to there, but I yield myself the 
balance of my time for the purpose of 
closing. 
Mr. Speaker, I would just add this: 
One of the phrases we heard from the 
Democrats over the last couple of years 
is ‘‘reimagined policing.’’ 
Well, now we know what they mean. 
Now we get it. They want to take 
money from communities who funded 
their police and give it to communities 
who didn’t, so they can get past this 
whole defund the police that has been 
their mantra for the last couple years. 
In fact, as I said before, I am sur-
prised by some of the statements I 
have heard from the chairman of the 
committee, because as I said, in June 
of 2020—and it is a direct quote— 
‘‘There should be substantial cuts to 
the police budget. . . . ‘’—by Mr. NAD-
LER. 
Now he has got a bill that sup-
posedly, they are saying, funds the po-
lice, but we know it doesn’t. It takes 
money from communities I get the 
privilege of representing in west cen-
tral Ohio who never, never defunded 
their police. They made sure the men 
and women in blue got the resources 
they needed to protect their commu-
nities. 
And now the Democrats are saying: 
We want to take taxpayer dollars from 
those communities and set up these 
grant programs so we can give it to so-
cial workers. This is straight from the 
bill, so we can give ‘‘a stipend to be 
used for graduate education in the area 
of mental health, public health, or so-
cial work. . . . ‘’ 
That is what they want the money to 
be used for, not for the people who are 
stopping the crime that is happening in 
every major urban area around the 
country. 
That is why we are opposed to this 
legislation. I hope it goes down. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time to close. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill would bolster 
law enforcement across the country 
and improve public safety. I think it is 
telling that people like Mr. RUTHER-
FORD on the Republican side of the 
aisle helped craft this bill with people 
like Mr. GOTTHEIMER on this side of the 
aisle. 
On the other hand, there are, obvi-
ously, a lot of Republicans like Mr. 
JORDAN who want to defund the police 
or at least defund small town America 
police by opposing this bill. 
So, Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members 
to support small town America and to 
support policing in small town America 
by supporting this bill, and I yield back 
the balance of my time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
support of H.R. 6448, the ‘‘Invest to Protect 
Act of 2022,’’—bipartisan legislation that would 
bolster small law enforcement agencies’ ability 
to address staffing shortages and improve 
community safety through de-escalation train-
ing and other resources. 
It was Democrats who spent two years ne-
gotiating and working with law enforcement to 
introduce 
and 
pass 
the 
comprehensive 
‘‘George Floyd Justice in Policing Act of 
2021’’—which recognized the necessity of bal-
ancing the needs and safety of the community 
with law enforcement interests. 
That is why I tried to make this bill better by 
adding three additional purposes for the use of 
grant funding. 
Development and implementation of best 
practices and training on the use of lethal and 
nonlethal force; 
Development and implementation of best 
practices and training to eliminate the use of 
excessive force; 
Development and implementation of best 
practices and training on the duty of care and 
the duty to intervene. 
I am glad those provisions were added 
where grantees who choose to implement 
those activities will be given preference. 
This bill seeks to address these challenges 
by providing additional federal resources to 
small agencies—that often have the most trou-
ble accessing federal grant funding—to recruit 
and retain qualified officers as well as provide 
additional training and support. 
A 2016 study by the Department of Justice 
(DOJ) found that of the 12,261 local police de-
partments in the country, 11,638 of them had 
less than 100 full-time sworn officers. That is 
11,638 police departments that would be eligi-
ble to access much-needed funding as author-
ized by H.R. 6448. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:40 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00021
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.031
H22SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 20-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H8090 
September 22, 2022 
Importantly, H.R. 6448 includes limitations 
on the use of grant funds for hiring and reten-
tion to ensure that the funds are not misused, 
and gives preference to applicants that plan to 
use grant funds for certain training purposes, 
including: 
de-escalation; the use of lethal and non-
lethal force; the duty of care and the duty to 
intervene—as well as— 
victim-centered training on handling domes-
tic violence situations; and 
safety training for officers responding to 
calls involving persons with substance use dis-
orders, mental health needs, disabilities, and 
vulnerable youth. 
This bill would also allow departments to 
use funds to provide mental health services 
and treatment to officers and collect data on 
policing practices that focus on officer and 
community safety. 
In its totality, H.R. 6448 provides critical 
funding to law enforcement agencies that 
need it while encouraging improvement among 
their ranks. This bill makes clear that Demo-
crats will continue to uplift and support law en-
forcement—as we always have—and we will 
do so in a manner that ensures officers are 
well-trained to keep themselves safe as well 
as the people and communities they serve. 
Let’s be clear—This is not a last-ditch effort 
by Democrats to distance ourselves from ef-
forts to defund the police. Democrats have al-
ways been supportive of law enforcement. 
Mr. GOTTHEIMER. Mr. Speaker, I include 
in the RECORD the following letter of support of 
H.R. 6448, Invest to Protect Act, from the Fra-
ternal Order of Police. 
NATIONAL FRATERNAL ORDER OF POLICE, 
Washington, DC, September 22, 2022. 
Hon. NANCY P. PELOSI, 
Speaker, House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
Hon. KEVIN O. MCCARTHY, 
Minority Leader, House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
Hon. STENY H. HOYER, 
Majority Leader, House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
Hon. STEPHEN J. SCALISE, 
Minority Whip, House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR MADAM SPEAKER
AND REPRESENTA-
TIVES MCCARTHY, HOYER AND SCALISE: I am 
writing on behalf of the members of the Fra-
ternal Order of Police to urge the Members 
of the U.S. House of Representatives to sup-
port the passage of H.R. 5768, the ‘‘Violent 
Incident Clearance and Technological Inves-
tigative Methods (VICTIM) Act,’’ and H.R. 
6448, the ‘‘Invest to Protect Act,’’ which 
could be considered on the floor of the House 
as early as today. 
Homicide cases can be very difficult to 
clear—especially those committed via fire-
arm—and non-fatal shootings even more so. 
Closing these types of crimes requires dili-
gence, manpower, and a sustained investiga-
tive effort. Given the limited resources of 
law enforcement agencies, it’s important to 
provide the significant, dedicated resources 
that clearing these crimes requires, espe-
cially given their oftentimes heinous nature, 
and the need to get justice for the victims 
and their families. 
The ‘‘VICTIM Act’’ would establish a grant 
program to help State, Tribal, and local law 
enforcement agencies improve their clear-
ance rates for homicides, non-fatal shootings 
and other violent crimes. Agencies can use 
these grant funds to train, hire, or retain ad-
ditional detectives, investigators, or other 
police personnel to investigate, solve, and re-
spond to these crimes. The grants can also be 
used to improve training for agency per-
sonnel to address the needs of victims and 
family members impacted by these crimes. 
By providing those important resources to 
law enforcement agencies across the coun-
try, we can improve the chances that mur-
ders, sexual assaults, kidnappings, and non- 
fatal shootings get cleared. This means en-
suring punishment for the perpetrators, se-
curing justice for the victims and their fami-
lies, and providing peace of mind for the 
communities our members work so hard to 
protect. 
The FOP also urges Members of the House 
to support H.R. 6448, the ‘‘Invest to Protect 
Act.’’ Over the last few years, law enforce-
ment officers have faced many challenges 
and threats to their well-being that have cre-
ated a dangerous environment for those 
sworn to protect the public. These challenges 
have ranged from violence against officers, 
an increase in violent rhetoric against them, 
lagging technology, recruitment and reten-
tion issues, and mental health concerns. 
Smaller municipalities are experiencing in-
creased strain on the men and women in 
blue. We believe that the ‘‘Invest to Protect 
Act’’ can help our nation’s smaller agencies 
and departments combat these issues that 
plague law enforcement officers in smaller 
municipalities. 
This legislation would establish a grant 
program that would be used for training of 
officers from police departments and munici-
palities that employ less than 125 law en-
forcement officers. The funding appropriated 
would be $60 million over a five-year period. 
These trainings would include de-escalation, 
domestic violence response, and response 
calls to vulnerable populations like those in-
volving persons with disabilities, mental 
health issues, or substance abuse disorders. 
This legislation is also designed to help 
these smaller agencies recruit new officers 
and to help address the retention issue of 
current officers. The funding could also be 
used by officers from eligible departments 
who are pursuing further education in men-
tal health, public health, or social work. 
These officers could receive up to $10,000 in 
aid towards their tuition. Lastly, the fund-
ing could also be used for mental health 
services, treatments, and therapies for active 
police officers. 
On behalf of the more than 364,000 members 
of the Fraternal Order of Police, I urge the 
Members of the House to pass these two bills 
to support our nation’s small departments 
and the communities they serve. If I can pro-
vide any additional information about this 
bill, please do not hesitate to contact me or 
Executive Director Jim Pasco in our Wash-
ington, D.C. office. 
Sincerely, 
PATRICK YOES, 
National President. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate has expired. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 1377, 
the previous question is ordered on the 
bill, as amended. 
The question is on the engrossment 
and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the 
third time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that 
the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. JORDAN. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-
ceedings on this question will be post-
poned. 
f 
BREAK THE CYCLE OF VIOLENCE 
ACT 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, pursuant 
to House Resolution 1377, I call up the 
bill (H.R. 4118) to authorize the Sec-
retary of Health and Human Services 
to build safer, thriving communities, 
and save lives, by investing in effective 
community-based violence reduction 
initiatives, and for other purposes, and 
ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to Resolution 1377, the bill is con-
sidered read. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4118 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) SHORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Break the Cycle of Violence Act’’. 
(b) TABLE OF CONTENTS.—The table of con-
tents of this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
Sec. 2. Findings. 
Sec. 3. Definitions. 
TITLE I—DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND 
HUMAN SERVICES 
Sec. 101. Community-based violence inter-
vention program grants. 
Sec. 102. Office 
of 
Community 
Violence 
Intervention. 
Sec. 103. Community Violence Intervention 
Advisory Committee. 
Sec. 104. Creation of a National Community 
Violence Response Center. 
Sec. 105. Sense of Congress regarding serv-
ices 
for 
victims 
of 
violent 
crime. 
Sec. 106. Authorization of appropriations. 
TITLE II—DEPARTMENT OF LABOR 
Sec. 201. Improving approaches for commu-
nities 
to 
thrive 
(IMPACT) 
grants. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
The Congress finds the following: 
(1) Community violence is a significant 
public health, public safety, and community 
infrastructure concern nationwide and is a 
leading cause of death, injury, and trauma 
for people in the United States that disrupts 
employment and hinders a community’s so-
cial and economic development. 
(2) From 2010 to 2019, over 175,000 people 
were murdered in the United States. Hun-
dreds of thousands more were hospitalized or 
treated in emergency departments after sur-
viving life-changing gunshot injuries and 
other violent assaults. 
(3) In 2020, the Nation suffered the largest 
single-year spike in homicides on record, 
driven largely by record spikes in fatal 
shootings. Nationwide, 75 percent of all 
homicides are committed with a gun. 
(4) Communities across the Nation experi-
ence enormous disparities in safety that are 
driven by inequitable social and structural 
determinants of health. Interpersonal shoot-
ings are disproportionately concentrated in 
neighborhoods harmed by past and present 
racial discrimination, segregation, redlining, 
disinvestment, mass incarceration, and con-
centrated poverty, and this violence’s toll 
falls overwhelmingly on people of color, es-
pecially young Black and brown men and 
boys and their loved ones. From 2015 to 2019, 
Black children and teens were 14 times as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:22 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00022
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE7.027
H22SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 21-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H8091 
September 22, 2022 
likely to be shot to death as their White 
peers. Hispanic children and teens and Na-
tive American children and teens were both 
about 3 times as likely to be shot to death as 
their White peers. Over this period, 72 per-
cent of children murdered before their 18th 
birthday were people of color, and 50 percent 
were Black. 
(5) Black boys and men make up less than 
7 percent of the population in the United 
States, but account for more than 50 percent 
of all gun homicide victims each year. Vio-
lence is responsible for nearly half of all 
deaths among Black boys and young men, 
ages 15 through 24, meaning the parents of a 
Black son in this age group are as likely to 
lose their child to homicide as nearly every 
other cause of death combined. 
(6) This violence imposes enormous human, 
social, and economic costs. The Director of 
the Centers for Disease Control and Preven-
tion’s Division of Violence Prevention pre-
sented research to Congress demonstrating 
that ‘‘youth living in inner cities show a 
higher prevalence of post-traumatic stress 
disorder than soldiers’’ in the Nation’s war-
time military. While the vast majority of 
these young people resiliently persevere, 
people who have been victims of violence are 
at substantially higher risk of being vio-
lently re-attacked or killed. Additionally, 
both direct and indirect violence exposure 
have been associated with a host of poor 
health outcomes, including chronic illness, 
anxiety, depression, and substance misuse. 
(7) When properly implemented and con-
sistently funded, coordinated, community- 
based strategies that utilize trauma-respon-
sive care and interrupt cycles of violence can 
produce lifesaving and cost-saving results in 
a short period of time without contributing 
to mass incarceration. These strategies iden-
tify those at the highest risk, coordinate in-
dividualized wraparound resources, provide 
pathways to healing and stability, and mon-
itor and support long-term success. Many 
cities have substantially reduced community 
violence in recent years by implementing 
various combinations of these strategies, 
which include the following: 
(A) Community outreach programs, which 
hire violence intervention and prevention 
specialists who have established relation-
ships, relatable lived experiences, and credi-
bility with individuals in their communities 
at high risk of violence and connect them 
with intensive counseling, mediation, peer 
support, and social services in order to re-
duce their risk. Evaluations have found that 
these programs, particularly when inte-
grated into wider networks of supportive 
services, are frequently associated with sig-
nificant reductions in gun violence. 
(B) Hospital-based violence intervention 
programs (referred to in this section as 
‘‘HVIP’’), which work to break cycles of vio-
lence by leveraging credible violence inter-
vention and prevention specialists to provide 
intensive counseling, peer support, case man-
agement, mediation, and social services to 
patients recovering from gunshot wounds 
and other violent injuries. Research has 
shown that violently injured patients are at 
high risk of retaliating with violence them-
selves or being revictimized by violence in 
the near future. Evaluations of HVIPs have 
found that patients who received HVIP serv-
ices were often less likely to be convicted of 
a violent crime and less likely to be subse-
quently reinjured by violence than patients 
who did not receive HVIP services. 
(C) Group violence interventions provide 
tailored social services and support to group- 
involved individuals at highest risk for in-
volvement in community violence. This 
intervention, which must be trauma in-
formed, culturally responsive, and commu-
nity driven to be most successful, includes a 
process for community members to voice a 
clear demand for the violence to stop and 
narrowly 
focused 
enforcement 
actions 
against those who continue to engage in acts 
of serious violence. The approach coordi-
nates law enforcement, service providers, 
and community engagement efforts to re-
duce violence in ways that do not contribute 
to mass incarceration. 
(D) Violence interruption and crisis man-
agement, which respond to potentially vio-
lent incidents to mediate conflicts or to 
scenes where violence has occurred to offer 
trauma-informed services and community 
supports to survivors and others exposed to 
violence. These strategies help to prevent re-
taliatory violence and promote healing and 
well-being. Programs that include these 
components have reported deescalating doz-
ens of disputes that were highly likely to end 
in lethal violence. 
(8) Access to job and entrepreneurship 
training, apprenticeship, and technological 
and digital literacy programs are effective 
tools in reducing community violence. A 2012 
University of Pennsylvania study of 13 high- 
violence schools in the Chicago area found 
‘‘well-targeted, low-cost employment poli-
cies can make a substantial difference’’, and 
the city’s most violent neighborhoods saw a 
43 percent drop in violent-crime arrests of 
participants in a youth job program. 
(9) Individualized wraparound services and 
opportunities include, but are not limited to, 
housing support, financial assistance, re-
entry services, legal assistance, therapeutic 
services, grief counseling or targeted victim 
services, and skill building based on the 
needs of survivors or individuals at the high-
est risk of community violence. Leveraging 
the relationships of violence intervention 
and prevention specialists, these services are 
used in the context of structured, person- 
centered peer mentorship that facilitates 
personal transformation by meeting people 
where they are and offering to help partici-
pants change the trajectories of their lives. 
(10) The past year has had a dispropor-
tionate impact on youth unemployment, 
with 2.9 million more unemployed youth in 
mid-2020 compared with pre-2020 levels. Si-
multaneously, the 2020 recession accelerated 
an already increasingly digital and auto-
mated workforce, and youth must attain the 
digital, technological, and other technical 
skills necessary to thrive in the future of 
work. While jobs in the customer service and 
food industry could fall by 4.3 million be-
tween 2018 and 2030, health care and STEM 
occupations could grow more now than ever. 
(11) Intentional and sustained investments 
in 
community-based 
violence 
reduction 
strategies can reverse recent increases in 
homicides, help to heal impacted commu-
nities, and reduce the enormous human and 
economic costs of community violence, with-
out contributing to mass incarceration. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: 
(1) COMMUNITY VIOLENCE.—The term ‘‘com-
munity violence’’— 
(A) means nonfatal firearm injuries, aggra-
vated assaults, homicides, and other acts of 
life-threatening interpersonal violence com-
mitted outside the context of a familial or 
romantic relationship; and 
(B) does not include acts of violence moti-
vated by political beliefs. 
(2) ELIGIBLE UNIT OF LOCAL GOVERNMENT.— 
The term ‘‘eligible unit of local government’’ 
means a municipality or other local govern-
ment that— 
(A) for not less than 2 out of the 3 calendar 
years preceding the date on which an appli-
cation for a grant is submitted under section 
101— 
(i) experienced 35 or more homicides per 
year; or 
(ii) experienced 20 or more homicides per 
year and had a homicide rate that was not 
less than double the national average; or 
(B) has a compelling need to address com-
munity violence, as determined by the Sec-
retary, based on high levels of homicide rel-
ative to other localities within the same 
State. 
(3) OPPORTUNITY YOUTH.—The term ‘‘oppor-
tunity youth’’ means individuals who— 
(A) have attained 16 years of age but not 
yet attained 25 years of age; and 
(B) are not— 
(i) enrolled in education or training on a 
full-time or part-time basis; or 
(ii) employed on a full-time or part-time 
basis. 
TITLE I—DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND 
HUMAN SERVICES 
SEC. 101. COMMUNITY-BASED VIOLENCE INTER-
VENTION PROGRAM GRANTS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Health 
and Human Services (in this title referred to 
as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall award grants to el-
igible entities to support, enhance, and rep-
licate 
coordinated 
community 
violence 
intervention. 
(b) ELIGIBILITY.—To be eligible to seek a 
grant under this section, an entity shall be— 
(1) a community-based, nonprofit organiza-
tion that— 
(A) serves the residents served by an eligi-
ble unit of local government; and 
(B) has a track record of providing commu-
nity-related activities or support program 
innovation in communities of color; or 
(2) an eligible unit of local government. 
(c) 
LIMITATION.—Of 
the 
amount 
made 
available to carry out this title for a fiscal 
year, not more than 15 percent of such 
amount shall be made available to eligible 
units of local government. 
(d) USE OF FUNDS.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—A grant awarded under 
this section shall be used to implement co-
ordinated community violence intervention 
initiatives, through coordinated, commu-
nity-based strategies. 
(2) REQUIREMENTS.—A community violence 
intervention initiative implemented using 
grant funds awarded under this section 
shall— 
(A) be primarily focused on providing cul-
turally competent, community-based vio-
lence intervention services to the portion of 
a grantee’s community who are, regardless 
of age, identified as being at high risk of 
being victimized by, or engaging in, commu-
nity violence; and 
(B) use strategies that— 
(i) are evidence-informed and have dem-
onstrated promise at reducing community 
violence without contributing to mass incar-
ceration; 
(ii) utilize trauma-responsive care and in-
terrupt cycles of violence; 
(iii) expand economic opportunity through 
new 
jobs, 
educational 
opportunities, 
or 
training programs; and 
(iv) are primarily focused on individuals at 
high risk of being victimized by, or engaging 
in, community violence. 
(3) COMMUNITY PARTNERSHIPS.— 
(A) ELIGIBLE
UNITS
OF
LOCAL
GOVERN-
MENT.—Each eligible unit of local govern-
ment awarded a grant under this section 
shall distribute not less than 75 percent of 
such grant funds to one or more of the fol-
lowing: 
(i) A community-based organization or 
nonprofit organization. 
(ii) A public agency or department that is 
primarily dedicated to the prevention of vio-
lence or to community safety, but is not a 
law enforcement agency. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:22 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00023
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE7.018
H22SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 22-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H8092 
September 22, 2022 
(B) HOSPITALS.—Each hospital awarded a 
grant under this section in the hospital’s ca-
pacity as a community-based, nonprofit or-
ganization described in subsection (b)(1) 
shall distribute not less than 90 percent of 
such grant funds to one or more of the fol-
lowing: 
(i) A community-based organization or 
nonprofit organization that provides direct 
services to individuals who have been vic-
timized by community violence. 
(ii) Direct program staff. 
(iii) Individual subcontractors who provide 
direct program-related services. 
(e) APPLICATION REQUIREMENTS.—Each ap-
plicant for a grant under this section shall 
submit a grant proposal, which shall, at a 
minimum— 
(1) describe how the applicant proposes to 
use the grant to implement a coordinated 
community violence intervention initiative 
in accordance with this section; 
(2) describe how the applicant proposes to 
use the grant to promote or improve coordi-
nation between relevant agencies and com-
munity organizations in order to minimize 
duplication of services, complement other 
community violence intervention efforts, 
and achieve maximum impact; 
(3) provide evidence indicating that the 
proposed community violence intervention 
initiative would likely reduce community vi-
olence or address the trauma and collateral 
consequences for individuals at high risk of 
being victimized by, or engaging in, commu-
nity violence; 
(4) describe how the applicant plans to en-
sure the community violence intervention 
initiative is implemented in a manner that 
is— 
(A) evidence-informed; and 
(B) coordinated with the programs and ac-
tivities of other entities for addressing com-
munity violence; and 
(5) in the case of a unit of local govern-
ment applicant, demonstrate strong support 
from community partners with experience 
engaging individuals at high risk of being 
victimized by, or engaging in, community vi-
olence, as demonstrated by— 
(A) the development of a community steer-
ing committee that— 
(i) provides advice and assistance to the lo-
cality 
in 
administering 
grants 
awarded 
under this section; and 
(ii) is composed of individuals who substan-
tially reflect local populations impacted by 
community violence, including survivors of 
community violence and individuals with ex-
pertise in culturally competent and trauma- 
informed approaches to reducing community 
violence; and 
(B) letters of support from individuals, 
such as— 
(i) the mayor or chief executive officer of 
the unit of local government; and 
(ii) the director of one or more commu-
nity-based organizations that provide serv-
ices to individuals at high risk of being vic-
timized by, or engaging in, community vio-
lence. 
(f) PRIORITIZATION.—In awarding grants 
under this section, the Secretary shall give 
preference to applicants whose grant pro-
posals demonstrate the greatest likelihood 
of reducing community violence in the tar-
get area without contributing to mass incar-
ceration. 
(g) GRANT
DURATION.—A grant awarded 
under this section shall be for a 4-year pe-
riod. 
(h) GRANT AWARD.—The amount awarded 
to an applicant under this section shall be 
commensurate with— 
(1) the scope of the proposal; and 
(2) the demonstrated need for additional 
resources to effectively reduce community 
violence in the applicant’s community. 
(i) MATCHING FUNDS REQUIRED.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—Except as provided in 
paragraphs (2) and (3), the Federal share of 
each grant awarded under this section shall 
be 90 percent of the eligible costs incurred by 
the grant recipient. 
(2) EXEMPTION
FROM
REQUIREMENT.—Para-
graph (1) shall not apply to a grant awarded 
to 
a 
community-based 
organization 
de-
scribed in subsection (b)(1). 
(3) WAIVER.—The Federal share of a grant 
awarded to a unit of local government (that 
is an eligible entity under subsection (b)(2)) 
may be up to 100 percent if the Secretary de-
termines there is good cause to waive the 
Federal share requirement under paragraph 
(1) of this subsection. 
(j) REPORTS.—Not later than 1 year after 
the date on which the first 4-year grant pe-
riod under this section ends, the Secretary 
shall publish a report identifying best prac-
tices for grantees under this section to im-
plement community-based violence interven-
tion initiatives. 
(k) REWARDING SUCCESS.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—The Secretary may re-
serve not more than 10 percent of the funds 
appropriated for a fiscal year to carry out 
this title for supplemental incentive funds to 
be distributed to grantees outside the com-
petitive grant process in accordance with 
paragraph (2). 
(2) DISTRIBUTION
OF
ADDITIONAL
FUNDS.— 
The Secretary may distribute amounts re-
served under paragraph (1), in the discretion 
of the Secretary, to grantees under sub-
section (a) that have— 
(A) implemented the grant for not less 
than 2 years; 
(B) demonstrated exceptional commitment 
and 
progress 
toward 
implementing 
the 
grantee’s community violence reduction ini-
tiative; and 
(C) shown that the grantee would likely 
achieve more substantial reductions in com-
munity violence with additional Federal 
funding. 
(3) FEDERAL
SHARE.—Subsection (i) shall 
not apply to any amounts distributed to a 
grantee under this subsection. 
(4) EXPLANATION
OF
DISTRIBUTION.—Upon 
distributing supplemental incentive funds to 
a grantee, the Secretary shall publish a 
statement on the website of the Department 
of Health and Human Services that clearly 
explains the basis for the decision to award 
such funds to a particular grantee. 
(l) EVALUATION AND INTENSIVE SITE IMPLE-
MENTATION SUPPORT.—The Secretary may re-
serve not more than 8 percent of the funds 
appropriated for a fiscal year to carry out 
this title for the purpose of— 
(1) contracting with or hiring intensive 
site implementation providers with experi-
ence 
implementing 
community 
violence 
intervention strategies; 
(2) providing grants to applicants under 
subsection (a) that provide training and cer-
tification to community violence interven-
tion and prevention professionals in order to 
expand the field and build capacity of front-
line workers and other providers; and 
(3) contracting with independent research-
ers to evaluate the implementation, per-
formance, and impact of selected initiatives 
supported by the grants made under this sec-
tion, which evaluations shall be made pub-
licly available on the website of the Depart-
ment of Health and Human Services. 
(m) SUPPLEMENT, NOT SUPPLANT.—A grant-
ee receiving a grant under this section shall 
use the grant to supplement, and not sup-
plant, the amount of funds the grantee would 
otherwise dedicate to a community violence 
intervention initiative. 
SEC. 102. OFFICE OF COMMUNITY VIOLENCE 
INTERVENTION. 
(a) ESTABLISHMENT.—The Secretary shall 
establish within the Department of Health 
and Human Services, the Office of Commu-
nity Violence Intervention (in this title re-
ferred to as the ‘‘Office’’), to be headed by a 
director. 
(b) DUTIES.—The Secretary shall delegate 
to the Director of the Office responsibility 
for implementing the provisions of this title. 
(c) RESERVATION.—Of the amount made 
available to carry out this title for a fiscal 
year, the Secretary shall reserve not more 
than 5 percent for the administrative ex-
penses of the Office. 
SEC. 103. COMMUNITY VIOLENCE INTERVENTION 
ADVISORY COMMITTEE. 
(a) ESTABLISHMENT.—The Secretary shall 
establish a Community Violence Interven-
tion Advisory Committee (in this title re-
ferred to as the ‘‘Advisory Committee’’) to 
provide advice and assistance to the Sec-
retary and Office in carrying out this title, 
including— 
(1) development of grant solicitations; 
(2) raising awareness about grant solicita-
tions among potentially eligible units of 
government and organizations; 
(3) selection of grant proposals; 
(4) selection of grantees to receive supple-
mental funds in accordance with section 
101(l); and 
(5) formation of the National Community 
Violence Response Center under section 104. 
(b) MEMBERS.—In appointing members of 
the Advisory Committee, the Secretary 
shall— 
(1) appoint the members from among indi-
viduals with expertise implementing or eval-
uating community violence intervention ini-
tiatives; 
(2) include a representative with expertise 
in workforce development selected by the 
Secretary of Labor; 
(3) ensure the membership of the Advisory 
Committee reflects a commitment to cul-
turally competent and trauma-informed ap-
proaches to preventing violence among indi-
viduals at high risk of violence; and 
(4) ensure that the members of the Advi-
sory Committee include substantial rep-
resentation of communities of color dis-
proportionately impacted by community vio-
lence. 
SEC. 104. CREATION OF A NATIONAL COMMUNITY 
VIOLENCE RESPONSE CENTER. 
(a) ESTABLISHMENT.—The Secretary shall 
establish and operate a National Community 
Violence Response Center (referred to in this 
section as the ‘‘Center’’). 
(b) DUTIES.—The Center shall have the fol-
lowing roles and responsibilities: 
(1) ASSESSMENT; TECHNICAL
ASSISTANCE.— 
The Office and the Center, with the advice of 
the Advisory Committee, shall— 
(A) develop a four-tier taxonomy to assess 
the maturity of community violence infra-
structure among grantees under section 101; 
and 
(B) provide technical assistance to grant-
ees under section 101 in the implementation 
of coordinated community violence interven-
tion funded through the grant. 
(2) INTENSIVE
SITE
IMPLEMENTATION
SUP-
PORT.—The Center shall— 
(A) develop intensive site implementation 
support for each of the four tiers to maxi-
mize the effectiveness of the development of 
community violence initiatives; 
(B) develop intensive site implementation 
support for each eligible unit of local govern-
ment that is a grant recipient to assess the 
contours of the community violence within 
the jurisdiction and identify relevant com-
munity-based interventions that may be suc-
cessful at preventing future community vio-
lence; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:22 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00024
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE7.018
H22SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 23-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H8093 
September 22, 2022 
(C) provide ongoing support to community- 
based organizations to facilitate site infra-
structure building, program implementation 
and operation, and quality improvement as-
sistance. 
(3) DATA COLLECTION.— 
(A) POLICIES.—The Office and the Center 
shall develop data collection policies for 
grant recipients that measure safety, com-
munity health, opportunity youth engage-
ment, economic development, and recidi-
vism. 
(B) ASSISTANCE.—The Center shall assist 
grant recipients in establishing data collec-
tion systems and practices, and collect data 
from the grant recipients. 
(4) RESEARCH COORDINATION.— 
(A) ESTABLISHMENT OF ADVISORY COUNCIL.— 
The Center, in consultation with nonprofit, 
nongovernmental 
organizations 
and 
re-
searchers whose primary expertise is in com-
munity violence, shall establish a Commu-
nity Violence Research Advisory Council (in 
this paragraph referred to as the ‘‘Research 
Advisory Council’’)— 
(i) to coordinate research on community 
violence; and 
(ii) to report to the Congress on any gaps 
on issues related to community violence. 
(B) MEMBERSHIP.—The Research Advisory 
Council shall include representatives from— 
(i) all Federal agencies that fund research 
on community violence; and 
(ii) the Bureau of Labor Statistics. 
(C) DUTIES.—The Research Advisory Coun-
cil shall provide advice and assistance to the 
Center to— 
(i) develop a coordinated strategy to 
strengthen research focused on community 
violence education, prevention, and inter-
vention strategies; 
(ii) track and report all Federal research 
and expenditures related to community vio-
lence; and 
(iii) identify gaps in community violence 
research, 
governmental 
expenditures 
on 
community violence issues, and promising 
strategies that have not yet been rigorously 
evaluated. 
(5) CONFERRAL.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—The Center shall estab-
lish a biennial conference to include— 
(i) grantees and providers of intensive site 
implementation support in the community 
violence field that receive funding under this 
title or title II; and 
(ii) other key stakeholders. 
(B) TOPICS.—The topics to be addressed at 
the biennial conference shall include— 
(i) the administration of grants; 
(ii) challenges and gaps in community vio-
lence intervention initiatives; 
(iii) strategies for overcoming such chal-
lenges and gaps; 
(iv) promising practices in the field; and 
(v) emerging trends. 
(C) REPORT.—Not later than 90 days after 
the conclusion of each biennial conference, 
the Center shall publish a comprehensive re-
port that— 
(i) summarizes the issues presented during 
the conference and what, if any, policies the 
Center intends to implement to address 
those issues; and 
(ii) is made available to the public on the 
Center’s website and submitted to the Con-
gress. 
(6) CAPACITY BUILDING AND FOSTERING INNO-
VATION.—The Center shall— 
(A) promote expansion and development of 
the field of community violence intervention 
and prevention, including fostering collabo-
ration, information sharing, and dissemina-
tion of best practices among practitioners, 
providers of intensive site implementation 
support, and programs and individuals work-
ing in the same regions or States, including 
the identification and dissemination to the 
public of best practices for addressing com-
munity violence; 
(B) develop a plan for expanding providers 
of intensive site implementation support in 
the field of community violence intervention 
and prevention; 
(C) develop a plan for identifying innova-
tive community violence intervention and 
prevention strategies that are in need of fur-
ther research and evaluation; and 
(D) develop a plan for providing ongoing in-
tensive site support to organizations imple-
menting community violence intervention 
and prevention strategies. 
(7) REPORTING.—The Center shall annually 
provide a report to the Congress addressing 
topics to include— 
(A) national trends in community violence 
statistics; 
(B) a summary of the activities of the Cen-
ter and the Office under this title; and 
(C) recommendations for improving the na-
tional response to community violence. 
SEC. 105. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING 
SERVICES FOR VICTIMS OF VIOLENT 
CRIME. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) community-based violence intervention 
programs have shown effective results as a 
strategy in reducing the risk of reinjury of, 
or retaliation by, victims of community vio-
lence, and promoting victims’ recovery and 
well-being; 
(2) young men, boys, girls, and women of 
color are disproportionately victimized by 
community violence, but are frequently un-
derserved by victim service providers; and 
(3) States and territories should consider 
using funding provided through the Crime 
Victims Fund to support community-based 
violence intervention initiatives that pro-
vide services for direct and secondary vic-
tims of community violence at high risk for 
reinjury and involvement in community vio-
lence. 
SEC. 106. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
There is authorized to be appropriated to 
the Department of Health and Human Serv-
ices to carry out this title, in addition to 
any amounts otherwise authorized to be ap-
propriated or made available to the Depart-
ment of Health and Human Services for such 
purpose— 
(1) $300,000,000 for fiscal year 2022; 
(2) $500,000,000 for fiscal year 2023; and 
(3) $700,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2024 
through 2029. 
TITLE II—DEPARTMENT OF LABOR 
SEC. 201. IMPROVING APPROACHES FOR COMMU-
NITIES 
TO 
THRIVE 
(IMPACT) 
GRANTS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Labor 
(in this section referred to as the ‘‘Sec-
retary’’) shall award grants to eligible enti-
ties for year-round job training and work-
force programs authorized under section 
129(c)(1) of the Workforce Innovation and Op-
portunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3164(c)), with the 
elements described in section 129(c)(2)(C) of 
such Act (29 U.S.C. 3164(c)(2)(C)), for oppor-
tunity youth in communities disproportion-
ately affected by gun violence for the pur-
poses of connecting opportunity youth to in- 
demand occupations. 
(b) ELIGIBILITY.—To be eligible to seek a 
grant under subsection (a), an entity shall 
be— 
(1) a community-based, nonprofit organiza-
tion that— 
(A) serves the residents served by an eligi-
ble unit of local government; 
(B) has a track record of providing commu-
nity-related activities or support program 
innovation in communities of color; 
(C) focuses on training technical skills to 
prepare opportunity youth for in-demand oc-
cupations; and 
(D) provides— 
(i) training for opportunity youth who are 
basic skills deficient; and 
(ii) soft skills training that enables oppor-
tunity youth to engage successfully in work 
culture; 
(2) an Indian Tribe or an agency primarily 
serving Native Americans; 
(3) an entity that carries out activities au-
thorized under the Workforce Innovation and 
Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3101 et seq.) that 
has a focus on opportunity youth; 
(4) a federally or State recognized appren-
ticeship program; 
(5) an accredited community college; or 
(6) an eligible unit of local government. 
(c) REPORTING.—The Secretary shall re-
quire grantees under this section to report to 
the Secretary on primary measures funded 
under this section for— 
(1) entry into job training, education, ap-
prenticeship, skilled trades training, or 
other paid and unpaid work experiences that 
have as a component academic and occupa-
tional education programs; and 
(2) changes in overall school enrollment, 
unemployment, or weekly earnings for op-
portunity youth participating in activities of 
the respective grantee. 
(d) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) BASIC
SKILLS
DEFICIENT.—The term 
‘‘basic skills deficient’’ means an individual 
who— 
(A) is a youth and has English reading, 
writing, or computing skills at or below the 
8th grade level on a generally accepted 
standardized test; or 
(B) is unable to compute or solve problems, 
or read, write, or speak English, at a level 
necessary to function on the job, in the indi-
vidual’s family, or in society. 
(2) IN-DEMAND OCCUPATION.—The term ‘‘in- 
demand occupation’’ means an occupation 
described in section 3(23)(A)(ii) of the Work-
force Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 
U.S.C. 3102(23)(A)(ii)). 
(e) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.—To 
carry out this section, there is authorized to 
be appropriated $1,500,000,000 for fiscal year 
2022, to remain available through fiscal year 
2029. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill 
shall be debatable for 30 minutes equal-
ly divided and controlled by the chair 
and ranking minority member of the 
Committee on the Judiciary or their 
respective designees. 
The gentleman from New York (Mr. 
NADLER) and the gentleman from Ohio 
(Mr. JORDAN) each will control 15 min-
utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New York (Mr. NADLER). 
f 
b 1430 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members 
have 5 legislative days in which to re-
vise and extend their remarks and in-
clude extraneous material on H.R. 4118. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-
tleman from New York? 
There was no objection. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, our Nation is experi-
encing an epidemic of violence, par-
ticularly gun violence, that is ravaging 
communities large and small across 
the United States. Research shows that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:22 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00025
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE7.018
H22SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 24-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H8094 
September 22, 2022 
violence begets more violence. It is a 
vicious cycle. 
H.R. 4118, the Break the Cycle of Vio-
lence Act, would provide grant funding 
for community violence intervention 
programs and youth workforce develop-
ment programs to help prevent gun vi-
olence and other violent crimes, and to 
provide critical support services to 
people and communities who are in 
dire need of help. 
In addition to saving countless lives, 
it would also save billions of dollars. It 
is estimated that gun violence costs 
this Nation a staggering $280 billion 
every single year. 
This legislation would help establish 
evidence-based 
community 
violence 
intervention, or CVI programs, staffed 
by specialists with ties to their com-
munities. These programs connect peo-
ple at risk of committing violence, and 
those at risk of being victimized by vi-
olence, with intensive counseling and 
support services. 
Because we know that access to job 
training, 
apprenticeship, 
and 
other 
workforce development programs are 
effective tools in reducing community 
violence, the bill would also support 
workforce development programs for 
youth in communities that are dis-
proportionately impacted by violence. 
Experience tells us that these pro-
grams work, reducing rates of homicide 
and other gun violence by as much as 
50 percent. We must invest in these re-
markably effective programs so that 
we can finally break the cycle of vio-
lence, which has shattered so many 
communities. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative 
STEVE HORSFORD for introducing this 
important legislation. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
support of this bill, and I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. JORDAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
such time as he may consume to the 
gentleman from Florida (Mr. GAETZ), 
my friend and colleague, a member of 
the Judiciary Committee. 
Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, it is head- 
spinning that House Democrats either 
want to defund the police, as Judiciary 
member CORI BUSH does, or they want 
to Federalize the police, as Judiciary 
Chairman JERRY NADLER does. I am 
against both, here is why. 
In my community, the voters in one 
of the reddest counties in Florida voted 
to raise their own taxes to fund school 
resource 
officers. 
Protecting 
our 
schools was that important, and we un-
derstood that that was the responsi-
bility of our community. 
Now, as places like Detroit, Chicago, 
almost every major metropolitan area 
in California, defund their police as 
some virtue signal, as some way to sac-
rifice the safety of their constituents 
on the altar of wokeism, now they 
want my Florida constituents to sub-
sidize the bad decisions that they make 
at the State and local level, both con-
stitutionally and practically. 
The police power is not a power of 
the Federal Government, it is a power 
of our State and local governments. 
When we excessively entangle our-
selves in that, we do to law enforce-
ment what we shamefully did to edu-
cation. 
In our schools all across this land 
there 
was 
innovation, 
creativity, 
school projects, different ways to learn. 
Then the Republicans and Democrats 
joined with President Bush in passing 
the No Child Left Behind Act, and we 
got Common Core, in this theory that 
we had to have every kid on the same 
page, in the same book, on the same 
day, and we lost what was so special 
about it. We don’t want to do that now 
to law enforcement. You see, this en-
tire package of legislation today is in-
tended to do just that. 
They don’t want to fund the police. 
They want to edict the police to the 
Federal dollar. That comes with a more 
efficient way to ensure centralized de-
cisionmaking, not the localized deci-
sionmaking 
that 
our 
Constitution 
promises, and that has offered great 
promise to this country for genera-
tions. 
Do not buy this theory that this leg-
islation is intended to help law en-
forcement. The best thing we could do 
for law enforcement is get out of their 
way, have their back, and call out the 
politicians like those in Congress who 
keep trying to defund the police and 
devalue the commitment they make to 
our communities. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I didn’t 
know that the Federal Government 
funding police was against the Repub-
lican Party position. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentleman 
from 
Nevada 
(Mr. 
HORSFORD), the sponsor of this legisla-
tion. 
Mr. HORSFORD. Mr. Speaker, today, 
we have the opportunity to pass land-
mark legislation to make our commu-
nities across America safe, to reduce 
crime and save lives. 
I am elated that the legislation I au-
thored, the Break the Cycle of Violence 
Act, is receiving a floor vote today and 
will pass. 
I give special thanks to my col-
leagues, Representatives ROBIN KELLY, 
LUCY MCBATH, LISA BLUNT ROCHESTER, 
and JOE NEGUSE for working around 
the clock with me on this legislation, 
and Chairwoman BEATTY for her strong 
leadership. 
Crime and violence don’t happen in a 
vacuum. It happens when people lose 
hope and don’t see opportunity in their 
lives or readily available in their com-
munities. For decades, politicians in 
this Chamber have stoked fear about 
urban crime to divide us, while refus-
ing to invest in real solutions. 
Let me be clear, my father was shot 
and killed when I was a teenager. So 
this is not about politics for me; it is 
personal. That is why we have to focus 
on preventing crime before it ever 
starts. That is what the Break the 
Cycle of Violence Act will do. 
It invests $5 billion in funding for 
anti-violence programs and $1.5 billion 
to provide workforce training and job 
opportunities for youth ages 16 to 24. 
This money will invest in proven, com-
munity-based 
violence 
intervention 
programs to build safer communities. 
This is about saving lives and pre-
venting crime, and our constituents 
are counting on us to get it done. 
Mr. Speaker, I stand here today as I 
prepare to cast a vote in favor of the 
Break the Cycle of Violence Act, his-
toric legislation that will reduce crime 
and save lives so that so many people 
in our community don’t have to experi-
ence the pain that I have. 
Every day, 110 Americans are killed 
with guns and over 200 are shot and 
wounded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield an 
additional 30 seconds to the gentleman 
from Nevada. 
Mr. HORSFORD. Today, gun violence 
remains the leading cause of premature 
death for Black men as well as the 
number two cause of premature death 
for Latino men and Black women. 
Mr. Speaker, I am casting my vote 
for my father; for my constituent, 
Sean’Jerrion Coleman, a youth leader 
in Las Vegas; and so many other Amer-
icans throughout the country. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank Greg Jackson 
at Community Justice Action Fund; 
Pastor Troy Martinez in Las Vegas; 
Erica Ford; Giffords: Courage to Fight 
Gun 
Violence—some 
many 
other 
groups—Everytown for Gun Safety; 
Brady: United Against Gun Violence; 
and Moms Demand Action. 
Let’s pass H.R. 4118 and break the 
cycle of violence. This is about sup-
porting and funding the communities 
that need law enforcement. 
Mr. JORDAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Min-
nesota (Mr. STAUBER). 
Mr. STAUBER. Mr. Speaker, I find 
myself pretty upset today. My col-
leagues on the other side of the aisle 
are trying to deceive the American 
people. Democrats are only bringing up 
these bills today because 46 days from 
a midterm election they want the 
American people to suddenly and mi-
raculously believe that they care about 
the crime crisis plaguing our Nation. 
There were 219 Democrats who voted 
to defund the police and take away re-
sources from law enforcement, includ-
ing qualified immunity. There were 219 
Democrats who voted for legislation 
that effectively destroyed the profes-
sion that I love so much. You can 
laugh, Mr. Chair, I wore the uniform of 
local law enforcement, and that smirk 
upsets me. 
Make no mistake, Democrats are the 
reason recruitment, retention, and mo-
rale of law enforcement officers is at 
an all-time low and crime is at an all- 
time high. The timing of these bills is 
an insult to the law enforcement com-
munity and the American people. 
To my Democrat colleagues: Where 
were you when the protesters came to 
my State of Minnesota and set up 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:22 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00026
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.035
H22SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 25-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H8095 
September 22, 2022 
GoFundMe pages to raise money and 
bail out violent criminals who as-
saulted and beat innocent people? 
Where were you when a Member of 
the California delegation came to Min-
nesota to stir up aggression and hatred 
toward my brothers and sisters in the 
blue and brown? 
Where were you when officers were 
being violently assaulted and killed 
each day across this country? 
Where were you when America’s po-
lice officers and their families were 
begging for support and needed elected 
officials to have their backs? Where 
were you? 
I will tell you where you were. They 
were here in this Chamber pushing po-
lice departments to be defunded. They 
wanted to defund, dismantle, and dis-
arm the police. 
Regardless of how I vote today, I 
have to tell you that I am furious that 
days before an election, and for polit-
ical purposes only, these bills are being 
brought up by my colleagues. The 
American people have suffered enough, 
and at the end of the day the American 
people and our law enforcement com-
munity do not appreciate being used as 
pawns for political gain. 
To the American people, I know the 
crime crisis you and your families are 
facing is very real. I will not stop my 
work to reinvigorate the law enforce-
ment profession, to hold lax prosecu-
tors accountable, and to put violent 
criminals away. 
Mr. Speaker, my time in uniform 
may be over, but my watch will never 
end. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-
bers are reminded to direct their re-
marks to the Chair. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentlewoman from Texas 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE), a member of the 
Judiciary Committee. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, if 
you could ever be fed up—I am fed up. 
Fed up, and fed up with the babbling 
that we are hearing from Republicans 
on the other side. 
You know, the question should be: 
Where were you on January 6 when law 
enforcement were bleeding on the steps 
of the United States Capitol, passing 
out, and dying? Where were you? This 
is not a political circumstance. These 
are people who are standing here be-
cause STEVE HORSFORD had a personal 
experience. 
The Judiciary Committee has con-
sistently supported intervention pro-
grams dealing with countering vio-
lence. This bill, Break the Cycle of Vio-
lence Act, is needed in America. Stand 
up with us, Republicans. A bill that 
takes a vital step toward reducing 
community violence and improving 
public safety by investing in people, 
their communities, and establish evi-
dence-based programs proven to help 
reduce violence. Our law enforcement 
are begging for this. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield an 
additional 30 seconds to the gentle-
woman from Texas. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, our 
Nation has a crisis of violence, particu-
larly gun violence, and it is tearing at 
our communities. 
I have a husband and a baby shot 
dead, the mother calling: Where is my 
husband and baby? The baby is found 
dead. 
The cause of gun violence, $280 bil-
lion, $700 annually for every American, 
$488,000 for shootings dealing with med-
ical and criminal expenses. 
My brothers and sisters, where are we 
in standing for America and law en-
forcement and families and children? 
Support H.R. 4118 so that we can di-
vert children away from violence and 
move toward opportunities. I don’t 
know what you are saying. I am fed up. 
Do something about it so that we can 
fight for justice in this country and 
stand for people who want to be safe in 
their community. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4118, 
the ‘‘Break the Cycle of Violence Act,’’ a bill 
that takes a vital step towards reducing com-
munity violence and improving public safety by 
investing in people, their communities, and es-
tablished, evidence-based programs proven to 
help reduce violence. 
Our nation has a crisis of violence, particu-
larly gun violence, that is tearing our commu-
nities apart. Violent crime is not a blue or red 
state problem—it ravages large cities, small 
towns, and even rural communities. It causes 
unspeakable pain to its victims and their fami-
lies—regardless of party affiliation. 
The bill would provide $1.5 billion in work-
force development grants for youth in commu-
nities that are disproportionately impacted by 
violence; and $5 billion in grants over 8 years 
for evidence-based, community violence inter-
vention programs likely to succeed—to de-
velop and support: 
community outreach programs, staffed by vi-
olence intervention specialists with ties to their 
communities; 
hospital-based violence intervention pro-
grams to provide intensive counseling, peer 
support, and social services; 
group violence intervention strategies that 
provide culturally responsive support and serv-
ices; and 
violence interruption and crisis management 
initiatives that respond to and mediate poten-
tially violent conflicts and provide support serv-
ices where violence has already occurred. 
While the human cost of gun violence is at 
times overwhelming, the economic costs for 
communities and taxpayers is also stunning. 
The total cost of gun violence is $280 billion— 
every year—with every American bearing 
$700 of the cost annually as well. 
Because a single gun homicide costs tax-
payers $448,000 in medical and criminal jus-
tice expenses and we know that community vi-
olence intervention programs have been 
shown to dramatically reduce rates of homi-
cide and other gun violence by as much as 50 
percent—and sometimes more—this bill will 
save lives and taxpayer dollars. 
Many violence intervention programs work 
side-by-side with law enforcement to stop vio-
lence before it starts and engage in targeted 
enforcement actions. Trained violence inter-
rupters and crisis management specialists do 
the same, while also providing trauma-in-
formed grief counseling. 
We know these programs work. In commu-
nities across the country, from New Jersey to 
Nebraska, from Massachusetts to Missouri, 
community violence intervention programs 
have reduced incidences of homicide and 
other gun violence by as much as 50 percent, 
sometimes more. 
Recognizing the critical role that education, 
training, and viable employment play in 
unlocking economic mobility, long-term sta-
bility, thereby preventing violence, H.R. 4118 
would divert young people away from the cir-
cumstances that foster gun violence toward 
opportunities to gain useful skills to obtain 
good jobs that pay a living-wage. 
If we are truly going to break the cycle of vi-
olence—we must acknowledge that violence is 
neither red nor blue—support programs that 
address the root causes of violence, and give 
aid to those who need it most—through the 
community members and leaders who know 
them best. 
I 
commend 
Representative 
STEVEN 
HORSFORD for his work on this important bill 
and urge my colleagues to support it. 
Mr. JORDAN. Mr. Speaker, I would 
say, if this bill was so important—we 
have had over 20 markups in the Judi-
ciary Committee—why didn’t this bill 
come up? We have had markups in the 
last 2 days on one occasion, so I don’t 
know why this bill didn’t come up. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. JORDAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, this is about giving dol-
lars to community organizers. This bill 
is most definitely—$5 billion goes to 
Health and Human Services, $1.5 billion 
goes to the Department of Labor, zero 
money goes to law enforcement. 
In the last bill, they could at least 
make that case somewhat. This bill 
you can’t. It doesn’t give one penny to 
law enforcement. In fact, the legisla-
tion explicitly says it can’t go to police 
officers and it can’t go to police depart-
ments. 
But what it does do is this: sets up an 
Office of Community Violence Inter-
vention to administer programs or ac-
tivities related to violence interven-
tion; it sets up a Community Violence 
Intervention Advisory Committee; it 
sets up a National Community Vio-
lence Response Center. Three new bu-
reaucracies in the Department of HHS. 
I mean, wow. 
b 1445 
This is all about taking money, tak-
ing American tax dollars from commu-
nities who did fund their police and 
setting up three new bureaucracies, $5 
billion for community organizers. 
If that is what you are for, vote for 
it, but I sure ain’t. I know the folks I 
represent and, I would guess, most 
Americans aren’t for that. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, Mr. JOR-
DAN apparently isn’t listening. This is 
a package of bills. The last bill, which 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:22 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00027
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.036
H22SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 26-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H8096 
September 22, 2022 
he opposed, appropriated money for po-
lice. This bill complements it by appro-
priating money for antiviolence inter-
vention. 
Mr. Speaker, our communities have 
seen enough violence and bloodshed. 
The Break the Cycle of Violence Act 
gives us the opportunity to prevent vi-
olence before it starts and to provide 
critical support to our most impacted 
communities. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-
leagues to join me in support of this 
crucial legislation, and I yield back the 
balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 1377, the pre-
vious question is ordered on the bill. 
The question is on the engrossment 
and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the 
third time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that 
the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. JORDAN. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-
ceedings on this question will be post-
poned. 
f 
VIOLENT 
INCIDENT 
CLEARANCE 
AND 
TECHNOLOGICAL 
INVES-
TIGATIVE METHODS ACT OF 2022 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, pursuant 
to House Resolution 1377, I call up the 
bill (H.R. 5768) to direct the Attorney 
General to establish a grant program 
to establish, create, and administer the 
violent incident clearance and tech-
nology investigative method, and for 
other purposes, and ask for its imme-
diate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 1377, in lieu of 
the amendment in the nature of a sub-
stitute recommended by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary printed in the 
bill, an amendment in the nature of a 
substitute consisting of the text of 
Rules Committee print 117–62, modified 
by the amendment printed in House 
Report 117–483, is adopted and the bill, 
as amended, is considered read. 
The text of the bill, as amended, is as 
follows: 
H.R. 5768 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Violent Incident 
Clearance 
and 
Technological 
Investigative 
Methods Act of 2022’’ or ‘‘VICTIM Act of 2022’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: 
(1) Research indicates that law enforcement 
agencies can increase clearance rates by improv-
ing— 
(A) investigative processes; 
(B) detective capacities; and 
(C) organizational oversight and supervision 
of investigations. 
(2) When a law enforcement agency expends 
additional investigative effort, the law enforce-
ment agency improves its success in gaining co-
operation of key witnesses and increases the 
amount of forensic evidence collected. 
(3) Effective investigation of shootings can 
prevent subsequent related violence by— 
(A) deterring retaliation; and 
(B) providing interventions to individuals who 
may continue to commit crimes or become victims 
of retaliatory violence. 
(4) Law enforcement agencies that dem-
onstrate higher rates of clearance for violent 
crimes committed against a person— 
(A) have more structured oversight and formal 
interactions between investigative units and 
agency leadership; 
(B) are more likely to have investigative units 
that have collaborative relationships and robust 
information sharing with other units of the law 
enforcement agency; 
(C) have investigative units that have specific 
goals and performance metrics for both the unit 
and for investigators within the unit; 
(D) have investigators who more frequently 
respond to the initial crime scene shortly after 
crimes have been reported to collect evidence 
and interview witnesses; 
(E) have investigators who either have spe-
cialized experience before joining investigative 
units or are trained in investigations once they 
join those units; 
(F) often have standard operating procedures 
for investigations that establish policies and evi-
dence-based best practices for conducting and 
completing homicide investigations; and 
(G) have better relationships with the commu-
nities they serve, even if no specific community- 
oriented campaign or initiative exists between 
investigative units and community groups. 
(5) Criminal justice agencies should collabo-
rate with each other and share best practices for 
solving violent crimes committed against a per-
son. 
(6) A comprehensive community engagement 
strategy concerning gun violence is essential to 
improving clearance rates for violent crimes 
committed against a person. 
SEC. 3. GRANT PROGRAM WITH RESPECT TO VIO-
LENT INCIDENT CLEARANCE AND 
TECHNOLOGICAL 
INVESTIGATIVE 
METHODS. 
(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) CLEARANCE BY ARREST.—The term ‘‘clear-
ance by arrest’’, with respect to an offense re-
ported to a law enforcement agency, means the 
law enforcement agency— 
(A) has— 
(i) arrested not less than 1 person for the of-
fense; 
(ii) charged the person described in subpara-
graph (A) with the commission of the offense; 
and 
(iii) referred the person described in subpara-
graph (A) for prosecution for the offense; or 
(B) has cited an individual under the age of 
18 to appear in juvenile court or before another 
juvenile authority with respect to the offense, 
regardless of whether a physical arrest oc-
curred. 
(2) CLEARANCE
BY
EXCEPTION.—The term 
‘‘clearance by exception’’, with respect to an of-
fense reported to a law enforcement agency, 
means the law enforcement agency— 
(A) has identified not less than 1 person sus-
pected of the offense; and 
(B) with respect to the suspect described in 
subparagraph (A), has— 
(i) gathered enough evidence to— 
(I) support an arrest of the suspect; 
(II) make a charge against the suspect; and 
(III) refer the suspect for prosecution; 
(ii) identified the exact location of the suspect 
so that the suspect could be taken into custody 
immediately; and 
(iii) encountered a circumstance outside the 
control of the law enforcement agency that pro-
hibits the agency from arresting the suspect, 
charging the suspect, or referring the suspect for 
prosecution, including— 
(I) the death of the suspect; 
(II) the refusal of the victim to cooperate with 
the prosecution after the suspect has been iden-
tified; or 
(III) the denial of extradition because the sus-
pect committed an offense in another jurisdic-
tion and is being prosecuted for that offense. 
(3) CLEARANCE
RATE.—The term ‘‘clearance 
rate’’, with respect to a law enforcement agen-
cy, means— 
(A) the number of offenses cleared by the law 
enforcement agency, including through clear-
ance by arrest and clearance by exception, di-
vided by 
(B) the total number of offenses reported to 
the law enforcement agency. 
(4) ELIGIBLE ENTITY.—The term ‘‘eligible enti-
ty’’ means a State, Tribal, or local law enforce-
ment agency or prosecuting office, or a group of 
Tribal law enforcement agencies or Tribal pros-
ecuting offices. 
(5) GRANT RECIPIENT.—The term ‘‘grant recipi-
ent’’ means a recipient of a grant under the 
Program. 
(6) LAW
ENFORCEMENT
AGENCY.—The term 
‘‘law enforcement agency’’ means a public agen-
cy charged with policing functions, including 
any component bureau of the agency (such as a 
governmental victim services program or village 
public safety officer program), including an 
agency composed of officers or persons referred 
to in subparagraph (B) or (C) of section 2(10) of 
the Indian Law Enforcement Reform Act (25 
U.S.C. 2801(10)). 
(7) PROGRAM.—The term ‘‘Program’’ means 
the grant program established under subsection 
(b)(1). 
(b) GRANT PROGRAM.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney 
General shall establish a grant program within 
the Office of Justice Programs under which the 
Attorney General awards grants to eligible enti-
ties to establish, implement, and administer vio-
lent incident clearance and technological inves-
tigative methods. 
(2) APPLICATIONS.—An eligible entity seeking 
a grant under the Program shall submit to the 
Attorney General an application at such time, 
in such manner, and containing or accompanied 
by— 
(A) such information as the Attorney General 
may reasonably require; and 
(B) a description of each eligible project under 
paragraph (4) that the grant will fund. 
(3) SELECTION OF GRANT RECIPIENTS.—The At-
torney General, in selecting a recipient of a 
grant under the Program, shall consider the spe-
cific plan and activities proposed by the appli-
cant to improve clearance rates for homicides, 
rapes, sexual assaults, kidnappings, and non- 
fatal shootings. 
(4) ELIGIBLE
PROJECTS.—A grant recipient 
shall use the grant for activities with the spe-
cific objective of improving clearance rates for 
homicides, rapes, sexual assaults, kidnappings, 
and non-fatal shootings, including— 
(A) ensuring the retention of detectives who 
are assigned to investigate homicides, rapes, sex-
ual assaults, kidnappings, and non-fatal shoot-
ings as of the date of receipt of the grant; 
(B) hiring and training additional detectives 
who will be dedicated to investigating homi-
cides, rapes, sexual assaults, kidnappings, and 
non-fatal shootings; 
(C) developing policies, procedures, and train-
ing to improve the ability of detectives to effec-
tively investigate and solve homicides, rapes, 
sexual assaults, kidnappings, and non-fatal 
shootings, including implementing best practices 
relating to— 
(i) improving internal agency cooperation, or-
ganizational oversight and accountability, and 
supervision of investigations; 
(ii) developing specific goals and performance 
metrics for both investigators and investigative 
units; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:22 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00028
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.039
H22SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 27-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H8097 
September 22, 2022 
(iii) establishing or improving relationships 
with the communities the agency serves; and 
(iv) collaboration with and among other law 
enforcement agencies and criminal justice orga-
nizations; 
(D) training personnel to address the needs of 
victims and family members of victims of homi-
cides, rapes, sexual assaults, kidnappings, or 
non-fatal 
shootings 
or 
collaborating 
with 
trained victim advocates and specialists to better 
meet victims’ needs; 
(E) acquiring, upgrading, or replacing inves-
tigative, evidence processing, or forensic testing 
technology or equipment; 
(F) development and implementation of poli-
cies that safeguard civil rights and civil liberties 
during the collection, processing, and forensic 
testing of evidence; 
(G) hiring or training personnel for collection, 
processing, and forensic testing of evidence; 
(H) hiring and training of personnel to ana-
lyze violent crime and the temporal and geo-
graphic trends among homicides, rapes, sexual 
assaults, kidnappings, and nonfatal shootings; 
(I) retaining experts to conduct a detailed 
analysis of homicides and shootings using Gun 
Violence Problem Analysis (commonly known as 
‘‘GVPA’’) or a similar research methodology; 
(J) ensuring victims have appropriate access 
to emergency food, housing, clothing, travel, 
and transportation; 
(K) developing competitive and evidence-based 
programs to improve homicide and non-fatal 
shooting clearance rates; 
(L) developing best practices for improving ac-
cess to and acceptance of victim services, includ-
ing victim services that promote medical and 
psychological 
wellness, 
ongoing 
counseling, 
legal advice, and financial compensation; 
(M) training investigators and detectives in 
trauma-informed interview techniques; 
(N) establishing programs to support officers 
who experience stress or trauma as a result of 
responding to or investigating shootings or other 
violent crime incidents; or 
(O) ensuring language and disability access 
supports are provided to victims, survivors, and 
their families so that victims can exercise their 
rights and participate in the criminal justice 
process. 
(c) FEDERAL SHARE.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Federal share of the cost 
of a project assisted with a grant under the Pro-
gram shall not exceed— 
(A) 100 percent if the grant is awarded on or 
before December 31, 2032; or 
(B) subject to paragraph (2), 50 percent if the 
grant is awarded after December 31, 2032. 
(2) WAIVER.—With respect to a grant awarded 
under the Program after December 31, 2032, the 
Attorney General may determine that the Fed-
eral share of the cost of a project assisted with 
the grant shall not exceed 100 percent. 
(d) REPORT BY GRANT RECIPIENT.—Not later 
than 1 year after receiving a grant under the 
Program, and each year thereafter, a grant re-
cipient shall submit to the Attorney General a 
report on the activities carried out using the 
grant, including, if applicable— 
(1) the number of homicide and non-fatal 
shooting detectives hired by the grant recipient; 
(2) the number of evidence processing per-
sonnel hired by the grant recipient; 
(3) a description of any training that is— 
(A) provided to existing (as of the date on 
which the grant was awarded) or newly hired 
homicide and non-fatal shooting detectives; and 
(B) designed to assist in the solving of crimes 
and improve clearance rates; 
(4) any new evidence processing technology or 
equipment purchased or any upgrades made to 
existing (as of the date on which the grant was 
awarded) evidence technology or equipment, 
and the associated cost; 
(5) any assessments of evidence processing 
technology or equipment purchased with grant 
funds to determine whether such technology or 
equipment satisfies the objectives of the use of 
the technology or equipment in increasing clear-
ance rates, and any policies in place to govern 
the use of the technology or equipment; 
(6) the internal policies and oversight used to 
ensure that any technology purchased through 
the grant for the purposes of improving clear-
ance rates does not violate the civil rights and 
civil liberties of individuals; 
(7) data regarding clearance rates for homi-
cides, rapes, other aggravated felonies, and non- 
fatal shootings, including the rate of clearances 
by arrest and clearances by exception, and 
crime trends from within each jurisdiction in 
which the grant recipient carried out activities 
supported by the grant; 
(8) whether the grant recipient has provided 
grant funds to any victim services organiza-
tions, and if so, which organizations; 
(9) the demographic information for victims of 
homicides, rapes, other aggravated felonies, and 
non-fatal shootings, and the length and out-
comes of each investigation, including whether 
the investigation was cleared by arrest or excep-
tion; 
(10) the demographic information for each vic-
tim or family member of a victim who received 
victim-related services provided by the grant re-
cipient; and 
(11) identification of the services most used by 
victims and their families and identification of 
additional services needed. 
(e) NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF JUSTICE EVALUA-
TION AND REPORT TO CONGRESS.— 
(1) EVALUATION.—Not later than 2 years after 
the date of enactment of this Act, and every 2 
years thereafter, the Director of the National 
Institute of Justice shall conduct an evaluation 
of— 
(A) the practices deployed by grant recipients 
to identify policies and procedures that have 
successfully improved clearance rates for homi-
cides, rapes, sexual assaults, kidnappings, and 
non-fatal shootings; and 
(B) the efficacy of any services provided to 
victims and family members of victims of homi-
cides, rapes, sexual assaults, kidnappings, and 
non-fatal shootings. 
(2) REPORT TO CONGRESS.—Not later than 30 
days after completion of an evaluation by the 
National Institute of Justice under paragraph 
(1), the Attorney General shall submit to Con-
gress a report including— 
(A) the results of the evaluation; and 
(B) information reported by each grant recipi-
ent under subsection (d). 
(f) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—There are authorized to be 
appropriated 
to 
carry 
out 
this 
section 
$100,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2023 through 
2032. 
(2) PERCENT FOR CERTAIN ELIGIBLE ENTITIES.— 
The Attorney General shall use 10 percent of the 
amount made available under paragraph (1) for 
a fiscal year to award grants under the Program 
to Tribal law enforcement agencies or pros-
ecuting offices, or groups of such agencies or of-
fices. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill, 
as amended, shall be debatable for 30 
minutes equally divided and controlled 
by the chair and ranking minority 
member of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary or their respective designees. 
The gentleman from New York (Mr. 
NADLER) and the gentleman from Ohio 
(Mr. JORDAN) each will control 15 min-
utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New York (Mr. NADLER). 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members 
may have 5 legislative days in which to 
revise and extend their remarks and in-
sert extraneous material on H.R. 5768. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-
tleman from New York? 
There was no objection. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5768, the VICTIM 
Act of 2022, is bipartisan legislation 
that would help law enforcement im-
prove clearance rates for homicides, 
rapes, sexual assaults, kidnappings, 
and nonfatal shootings. 
As communities continue to face in-
creased gun violence and violent crime, 
this bill is a vital step toward improv-
ing public safety. 
Again, let me be clear: Democrats 
have always stood for equitable fund-
ing for law enforcement. In fact, Demo-
cratic-led cities and States have con-
sistently funded law enforcement at 
much higher per capita rates than Re-
publican-led cities, while also recog-
nizing the need for law enforcement ac-
countability 
and 
improving 
public 
trust. 
To address the challenges our law en-
forcement agencies are facing, this bill 
would provide funding and support for 
agencies to hire and train detectives 
and investigators to improve case 
clearance rates. 
Low clearance rates not only prevent 
victims from accessing justice, but 
they also damage the public’s trust in 
law enforcement. By investing in the 
personnel and technology needed to 
solve cases of homicide and other seri-
ous crimes, agencies can help build 
public confidence and improve commu-
nity safety. 
In providing State, local, and Tribal 
agencies with additional resources, the 
VICTIM Act will equip agencies to bet-
ter respond to and investigate these se-
rious crimes, bringing justice for vic-
tims and keeping our communities 
safe. 
I thank Representative VAL DEMINGS 
and her bipartisan cosponsors for their 
leadership on this issue and for intro-
ducing this important legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-
leagues to support this bill, and I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. JORDAN. Mr. Speaker, for rea-
sons we have articulated on the pre-
vious bills, we oppose this legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentlewoman from 
Florida (Mrs. DEMINGS), the sponsor of 
this legislation and a member of the 
Judiciary Committee. 
Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, real 
life is quite different from television or 
political buffoonery. Half of gun mur-
ders in the United States go unsolved. 
Victims are too often left with no jus-
tice and their families with little sup-
port. 
Who amongst us believes that mur-
derers or violent criminals should not 
be arrested and prosecuted to the full 
extent of the law? I pray, Mr. Speaker, 
that no one in this Chamber really be-
lieves that. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:22 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00029
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE7.021
H22SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 28-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H8098 
September 22, 2022 
But, today, we will witness with our 
own eyes who actually wants to fund 
the police. I learned a long time ago, 
don’t just listen to what they say but 
watch what they do. 
As a former law enforcement officer, 
I vividly recall being on the scene of 
young people dead as a result of vio-
lence, knowing that their families 
would soon receive devastating news. 
We all know that there will be more 
families who receive those calls. I want 
to make sure that there are experts, 
trained and ready, who can help them 
through those horrible moments. 
Mr. Speaker, I saw as a detective, a 
detective sergeant, and a chief of police 
that violent crimes require a coordi-
nated and professional response to en-
sure a word that we really need to get 
familiar with in this Chamber, and 
that word is ‘‘justice.’’ 
We know that far too many police de-
partments just do not have the re-
sources they need to solve these hei-
nous crimes. That is why I introduced 
the VICTIM Act. 
I have even heard one of my former 
law enforcement colleagues suggest 
that the Department of Justice has al-
ready provided enough resources. 
Let me be clear about what this bill 
does. This legislation provides addi-
tional Federal resources for State, 
Tribal, and local law enforcement 
agencies to make sure that our men 
and women in blue—remember, back 
the blue—have the support they need 
to do their jobs, that survivors of vio-
lent crime have the support they need 
to try, Mr. Speaker, to rebuild. 
But this is not a blank check. This 
funding must specifically be used for 
the hiring and training of detectives 
and victim support specialists. 
Further, recipients would be required 
to regularly report how the money was 
spent and how it affected clearance 
rates for homicides and nonfatal shoot-
ings. 
The National Institute of Justice will 
evaluate these reports and see what 
works and see what did not work. We 
are demanding results, or at least we 
should be because our communities are 
demanding results. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield an 
additional 30 seconds to the gentle-
woman. 
Mrs. DEMINGS. As the chief of police 
in Orlando, we were laser-focused on 
reducing violent crimes. I ask my col-
leagues who like to talk about violent 
crime to join us in reducing violent 
crime. We were able to do so because 
we had the resources to do so. 
This legislation is supported by the 
FOP, the National Organization of 
Black Law Enforcement Executives, 
the Major Cities Chiefs Association, 
the National Policing Institute, and 
the National Association of Police Or-
ganizations. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to 
join us in backing the blue. 
Mr. JORDAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
such time as he may consume to the 
gentleman 
from 
California 
(Mr. 
MCCLINTOCK), my friend and colleague 
and a member of the Judiciary Com-
mittee. 
Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, in 
the summer of 2020, mobs of radical 
leftists burned our cities, preyed on in-
nocent citizens, attacked our police of-
ficers, and occupied business districts 
during 
what 
one 
leftist 
Democrat 
mayor called the summer of love. At 
least 25 people were killed. 
Republicans called for law and order. 
Democrats called for defunding our po-
lice departments and releasing dan-
gerous criminals onto our streets, 
often within hours of their arrests. In 
the cities they controlled, they did just 
that. 
In 
those 
cities, 
crime 
has 
sky-
rocketed, including the fastest increase 
in homicides ever recorded in our Na-
tion. Ironically, the greatest victims 
are their own constituents, who are 
now turning on them. 
Crime doesn’t concern House Demo-
crats, but losing political support be-
fore an election, that scares them to 
death, so we have these bills brought 
hurriedly to the floor today. 
Let me point out the obvious. Repub-
lican communities have backed their 
police departments with the local funds 
and the moral support they need to do 
their jobs. Democratic cities have 
defunded and demonized their police 
departments. 
The Democrats’ response is to take 
the taxes paid by the citizens who fully 
funded their police departments and 
give them to those Democratic cities 
that have cut them, and still virtually 
none of the money they propose to 
spend is for actual law enforcement. It 
is, rather, for intervention, de-esca-
lation, training, public health, and so-
cial work training, all administered by 
the increasingly corrupt and politi-
cized Department of Justice. 
We have watched the Democrats ut-
terly destroy the cities that they have 
dominated for decades. Do we really 
want to let them do the same thing to 
our country? 
Americans need to ask themselves 
how much farther down this dismal 
road they are willing to go. We can re-
store safety to all of our communities 
the moment we summon the political 
will to do so. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentlewoman from Texas 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE), a member of the 
Judiciary Committee. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, 
this is a victims’ act. So many of us 
have worked with our law enforcement 
and victims. 
The VICTIM Act would provide $100 
million annually in grant funding to 
law enforcement agencies and pros-
ecuting officers to bolster their ability 
to investigate and clear cases of homi-
cide, rape, sexual assault, kidnapping, 
and nonfatal shootings. All have family 
members that are left wondering and in 
pain. This VICTIM Act, as someone 
who has always worked with victims, 
ensures that they are not left empty. 
Homicide clearance rates, in par-
ticular, 
have 
dropped 
consistently 
since the 1960s, leaving many unsolved 
cases and many victims and their fami-
lies still searching. I want my col-
leagues to have a heart. They are still 
searching for justice. 
This legislation by Congresswoman 
DEMINGS addresses the challenges our 
law enforcement agencies are facing in 
solving homicides and other violent 
crimes in red States and blue States. 
This critical funding would help agen-
cies improve their clearance rates 
through various means. It helps retain 
detectives. It helps in training per-
sonnel. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield an 
additional 30 seconds to the gentle-
woman. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. It provides for 
low clearance rates, which dispropor-
tionately affect victims and families of 
victims of marginalized communities. 
Not only do they prevent victims from 
accessing justice, but they also damage 
the public’s trust. 
I have given money to help victims, 
and victims say: ‘‘Do you know what? 
We are left alone,’’ the victims or fami-
lies. ‘‘We are left alone to address this 
disparity.’’ 
This bill will help not leave them 
alone, keep pressure on finding that 
culprit, that individual who violated 
them, that criminal who has violated 
them, and also by providing agencies 
with additional resources. 
This $100 million is to help victims. 
Is there anybody on the floor that 
wants to join in a bipartisan manner to 
help victims or to work with law en-
forcement who are on the job, who are 
saying: We need help because victims 
need help, and we certainly need to 
solve the crimes for these families who 
are longing to understand about their 
loved ones who have been raped, as-
saulted, and those who have lost their 
lives. 
I remind my colleagues of the father 
and baby in my community who were 
found dead. They need help. 
Support the VICTIM Act. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5768, 
Violent Incident Clearance and Technological 
Investigative Methods Act of 2022’’ or the 
‘‘VICTIM Act,’’ that would provide $100 million 
annually in grant funding to law enforcement 
agencies and prosecuting offices to bolster 
their ability to investigate and clear cases of 
homicide, rape, sexual assault, kidnapping, 
and non-fatal shootings. 
As someone who has always supported law 
enforcement, let me state plainly—this bill is 
about funding law enforcement agencies—not 
defunding them. 
Homicide clearance rates, in particular, have 
dropped consistently since the 1960’s leaving 
many unsolved cases and many victims and 
their families still searching for justice. In 
2020, the clearance rate for homicides fell to 
roughly 50 percent while pressure on law en-
forcement officials increased—leading to calls 
for more funding for overburdened depart-
ments with sizable caseloads and depleted re-
sources. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:22 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00030
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.041
H22SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 29-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H8099 
September 22, 2022 
To address the challenges our law enforce-
ment agencies are facing in solving homicides 
and other violent crime—in red states and 
blue states—this critical funding would help 
agencies 
improve 
their 
clearance 
rates 
through various means, including: 
ensuring retention of detectives assigned to 
violent crimes; 
hiring and training additional detectives and 
investigators dedicated specifically to inves-
tigating homicides and other violent crimes; 
hiring and training personnel for collecting, 
processing, and testing forensic evidence; and 
hiring and training personnel to analyze vio-
lent crime trends. 
Low clearance rates—which disproportion-
ately affect victims and families of victims of 
marginalized communities—not only prevent 
victims from accessing justice, but they also 
damage the public’s trust in law enforcement. 
To address this disparity, funding in the bill 
could be used to train personnel to address 
the needs of victims and family members and 
develop competitive and evidence-based pro-
grams and practices to improve both clear-
ance rates and victim services—thereby re-
building public confidence and improving com-
munity safety. 
The bill would also ensure victim services 
programs are funded, staffed, and trained, and 
that they provide restorative support to victims 
and their families. 
Investing in personnel as well as the tech-
nology needed to solve cases of homicide and 
other violent crime, also helps build public 
confidence and improve community safety. 
That is why H.R. 5768’s funding can be 
used to acquire, upgrade, or replace investiga-
tive or evidence processing technology or 
equipment. 
By providing agencies with additional re-
sources—drawing from an authorized amount 
of $100 million dollars—the VICTIM Act would 
equip agencies to better respond to and inves-
tigate serious crimes—delivering justice to vic-
tims and making our communities safer. 
I commend Representative Val Demings for 
championing this thoughtful, bipartisan legisla-
tion and urge my colleagues to support it. 
Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD 
a letter dated November 1, 2021, from 
the Major Cities Chiefs Association and 
an article from Third Way titled ‘‘The 
Red City Defund Police Problem.’’ 
MAJOR CITIES CHIEFS ASSOCIATION, 
November 1, 2021. 
Hon. VAL DEMINGS, 
House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR REP. DEMINGS: I write on behalf of 
the Major Cities Chiefs Association (MCCA) 
to register our strong support for H.R. 5768, 
the VICTIM Act. The MCCA is a professional 
organization 
of 
police 
executives 
rep-
resenting the largest cities in the United 
States and Canada. 
Nearly every major city in the United 
States is contending with a rise in violent 
crime. According to the MCCA’s most recent 
Violent Crime Survey, comparing midyear 
2020 with midyear 2021, homicides are up 
roughly 20 percent in major cities. In addi-
tion, most MCCA members have reported sig-
nificant increases in gun violence, evidenced 
by the uptick in aggravated assaults. 
The grants authorized in the VICTIM Act 
will help law enforcement agencies overcome 
some of the challenges associated with re-
sponding to the current increase in violent 
crime. More specifically, this bill will pro-
vide law enforcement with critical resources 
to address staffing challenges, enhance their 
forensics capabilities, further deploy inves-
tigative technologies, and provide services to 
victims of violent crime and their families. 
Thank you for your continued leadership 
and support for our brave law enforcement 
officers. The MCCA stands ready to help ad-
vance this legislation. 
Sincerely, 
JERI WILLIAMS, 
Chief, Phoenix Police Department, 
President, Major Cities Chiefs Association. 
[From Third Way, June 8, 2022] 
THE RED CITY DEFUND POLICE PROBLEM 
(By Jim Kessler, Executive Vice President 
for Policy, and Kylie Murdock, Executive 
Coordinator) 
In recent years, Republicans have tagged 
Democrats as the party of ‘‘defund the po-
lice.’’ This political charge has at it roots an 
unfortunate choice of sloganeering and pol-
icy from a small number of progressive ac-
tivists frustrated and fed up with long-
standing police violence and abuse directed 
toward minorities. However intentioned, the 
defund charge proved damaging to Demo-
crats. Republicans ran myriad attack ads in 
2020 and the attack was credited with Repub-
lican upsets in swing districts that narrowed 
Democratic majorities in the House. This at-
tack was so successful that during his 2022 
State of the Union address, President Biden 
felt compelled to say, ‘‘We should all agree: 
The answer is not to defund the police. The 
answer is to fund the police. Fund them. 
Fund them. The President also dedicated $10 
billion from the American Rescue Plan for 
public safety, including $6.5 billion in crime- 
fighting aid to state and local communities. 
But is the Republican charge even re-
motely true? It has been taken as a given by 
much of the media just as Democrats have 
been pigeon-holed as soft on crime and being 
responsible for rampant crime across the 
country. Yet as our March 2022 report 
showed, the 25 states that voted for Donald 
Trump had a murder rate 40% higher than 
the 25 states that voted for Joe Biden. And 8 
of the 10 states with the highest murder 
rates not only voted for Donald Trump, they 
voted Republican in every presidential elec-
tion this century. Is the Democrats, defund 
the police portrait as inaccurate as its soft 
on crime portrait? 
To answer this question, we compared the 
police budgets of the 25 largest Democrat- 
run cities and the 25 largest Republican-run 
cities. We pulled FY2021 and FY2022 funding 
data directly from city operating budgets, as 
well as police force data from a mixture of 
police department websites, city budgets, 
and local news sources. Using this, we cal-
culated several key metrics—the number of 
police officers, police officers per capita, po-
lice funding per capita, and percent change 
in police budgets from FY2021 to FY2022. Per 
capita data allows us to control for popu-
lation and compare cities like New York 
City and Fort Worth. 
We found that despite conventional wis-
dom to the contrary, Democrat-run cities 
employ far more police officers and spend far 
more money on policing per capita than Re-
publican-run cities. In fact, police forces in 
Dem cities are 75 percent larger than police 
forces in GOP cities. And Democrats spend 
about 38 percent more per person on policing 
than Republicans do. On average, Democrat- 
and Republican-run cities all saw an increase 
in police funding in 2022, with Democrats ac-
tually increasing police budgets by slightly 
more. 
The data make clear-Republicans may talk 
about funding the police, but they trail 
badly as compared to Democrats. 
DEM CITIES EMPLOY MORE POLICE OFFICERS PER 
CAPITA THAN GOP CITIES 
The size of a city’s police force is often 
seen as indicative of its support for law en-
forcement. Democrats have been accused of 
defunding the police and cutting police fund-
ing and staff. We compared the 25 most popu-
lous cities run by each party as defined by 
the political affiliation of its mayor to see if 
this potent political charge is true. 
The 25 most populous Democratic cities 
run from New York City with 8,177,025 inhab-
itants to Memphis with 650,980. The 25 most 
populous Republican cities run from Jack-
sonville with a population of 949,611 to Glen-
dale in Arizona with 248,325 residents. In 
total, the 25 most populous Democratic cit-
ies are home to 37,470,584 people, while the 
commensurate 25 Republican cities have a 
combined total of 10,415,763. 
We found that in the aggregate: 
Democrat-run cities employ 288.2 officers 
per 100,000 residents, compared to Repub-
lican-run cities with only 164.6 officers per 
100,000 residents. 
Police forces in cities with Democratic 
mayors are 75.1% larger than police forces in 
GOP cities. 
Of the ten cities with the largest per capita 
police forces, nine are run by Democrats— 
Washington DC, Chicago, Las Vegas, New 
York City, Detroit, Philadelphia, Memphis, 
Boston, and Los Angeles. Miami, coming in 
at ninth, is the only Republican-run city in 
the top ten. 
We also compared the median per capita 
police force average since larger cities like 
New York and Los Angeles can skew results. 
Among these same cities, those with Demo-
cratic mayors had a median of 195.3 officers 
per 100,000 residents, or 23.1 percent more 
than the 158.7 median for Republican run cit-
ies. 
The size of a city didn’t seem to be a deter-
mining factor in the per capita rate of police 
officers. For example, Phoenix, San Antonio, 
and San Diego ranked 5th, 6th, and 8th in 
population, but ranked 34th, 40th, and 42nd 
in police per capita. Meanwhile, Las Vegas, 
Detroit, Memphis, and Miami ranked 25th, 
27th, 28th and 33rd in population, but ranked 
3rd, 5th, 7th, and 9th in police per capita. 
Oklahoma City and Las Vegas have nearly 
identical populations (676,492 versus 675,592), 
but Republican-led Oklahoma City had a po-
lice force roughly onethird the size of Las 
Vegas with its Democratic mayor (162.6 offi-
cers compared to 444.1 per 100,000 residents). 
DEM CITIES SPEND MORE MONEY ON POLICING 
THAN GOP CITIES 
Republicans have decried Democrats, at-
tempts to cut police budgets in liberal cities 
across the country. But we found that Demo-
crats spend more on policing than Repub-
licans do. 
Republican-run cities spend $361 per resi-
dent on police. Democrat-run cities spend 
$498 per resident, about 38 percent more than 
Republicans. Because aggregate police budg-
ets can be skewed by larger cities, we also 
looked at the median per capita police budg-
ets for these sets of 25 cities. Once again, 
Democrat-run cities had median police budg-
ets 31 percent greater than Republican-run 
cities, $423.55 to $323.40 per resident. 
Of the ten cities that spent the most on po-
licing per capita, six of them are Democrat- 
run and four are Republican-run. Cities often 
criticized by Republicans for being ‘‘soft-on- 
crime’’—New York City, San Francisco, Chi-
cago, Detroit, Seattle—are all in the top 15 
on police funding per person. Republican 
strongholds like Bakersfield and Oklahoma 
City spend less than half of what New York 
City and Chicago spend on their police. 
DEM CITIES SAW SLIGHTLY LARGER POLICE 
BUDGET INCREASES THAN GOP CITIES IN 2022 
Defund the police may exist as a slogan, 
but it does not exist as a policy—at least in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:22 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00031
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE7.036
H22SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE
--

 -Page 30-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H8100 
September 22, 2022 
the 50 cities that we reviewed. Between 
FY2021 to FY2022, Democrat-run cities saw a 
4.34 percent increase in police funding—from 
$17.89 billion to $18.67 billion, or about 775 
million in the aggregate. Republican-run cit-
ies saw a 4.11 percent increase—from $3.62 
billion to $3.76 billion, $148 million in the ag-
gregate. 
Twenty-one of 25 Democratic cities and 21 
of 25 Republican cities showed budget in-
creases in FY2022. Cities like New York and 
Los Angeles are often mentioned in defund 
the police attacks—both cities increased 
their police budgets in 2022. In fact, the ten 
largest Democrat-run cities increased their 
police budgets in 2022, though Philadelphia’s 
held fairly constant with a 0.28 percent in-
crease. New York City’s increase of 3.75 per-
cent added $196 million. Chicago, Portland, 
and 
Seattle—cities 
often 
accused 
of 
defunding the police—all saw increases in 
their 2022 police budgets. Paradoxically, 
Washington DC had the largest budget cut of 
3.98 percent but also the largest police budg-
et per resident at $751.62. 
CONCLUSION 
Democrats have been accused of defunding 
the police as a larger ‘‘soft on crime’’ mes-
sage from Republican officeholders and con-
servative media. In a previous report, we 
found that homicide rates were significantly 
higher in the 25 states that voted for Trump 
compared to the 25 states that voted for 
Biden. 
In this report, we find that police funding 
and police personnel levels are far higher in 
the 25 largest Democrat-run cities compared 
to the 25 largest Republican-run cities. In 
the most recent funding cycle, these same 
Democratic cities increased their police 
budgets to a greater degree than cities with 
Republican mayors. 
Our conclusion is that the defund the po-
lice charge against Democrats may be politi-
cally damaging, but it is factually inac-
curate. If anything, Republican mayors have 
a defund problem. 
Mr. JORDAN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
b 1500 
Mr. JORDAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Ala-
bama (Mr. MOORE). 
Mr. MOORE of Alabama. Mr. Speak-
er, I am a freshman, and the whole 
time I have been here I have been talk-
ing about crime and the rise in crime 
and how the Republican Party has sup-
ported the police. 
Down South, we use a lot of common 
sense sometimes to solve issues, and 
the biggest issue we have right now in 
the country is the border. So what hap-
pens is that the drugs and the human 
trafficking follow through and goes to 
these cities. That is why we are seeing 
a rise in fentanyl. 
One of the things I have observed is 
they use backpacks for the heroin and 
cocaine and fentanyl to pay their pas-
sage to the drug cartel. 
So now the Democrats are panicked 
because we have an open border. We 
also have a rise in crime. It is just curi-
ous to me that now, all of sudden, we 
want to address these issues. 
If you just look at the record across 
the country, Republican cities seem to 
manage crime so much better. So I 
don’t think that more money is always 
a solution. Very often it is more man-
agement and local control. 
I encourage a ‘‘no’’ on this, and I am 
honored to speak on this. 
Mr. JORDAN. Mr. Speaker, I oppose 
the legislation, and I yield back the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, the VICTIM Act is bi-
partisan legislation that would in-
crease public safety and improve law 
enforcement practices. The rise in vio-
lent crime affects every community 
across the country, not just Demo-
cratic communities. 
But we also know that public safety 
and respect for civil rights can coexist. 
Building healthy and strong commu-
nities does not require us to choose be-
tween our rights and our safety. 
I thank the gentlewoman from Flor-
ida (Mrs. DEMINGS) for introducing this 
important legislation, which is sup-
ported by a wide range of law enforce-
ment associations. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to 
support it, and I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate has expired. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 1377, 
the previous question is ordered on the 
bill, as amended. 
The question is on the engrossment 
and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the 
third time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that 
the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. JORDAN. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-
ceedings on this question will be post-
poned. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pro-
ceedings will resume on questions pre-
viously postponed. Votes will be taken 
in the following order: 
Passage of H.R. 6448; 
H.R. 8542; 
H.R. 4118; and 
H.R. 5768. 
The first electronic vote will be con-
ducted as a 15-minute vote. Pursuant 
to clause 9 of rule XX, remaining elec-
tronic votes will be conducted as 5- 
minute votes. 
f 
INVEST TO PROTECT ACT OF 2022 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the unfin-
ished business is the vote on passage of 
the bill (H.R. 6448) to direct the Direc-
tor of the Office of Community Ori-
ented Policing Services of the Depart-
ment of Justice to carry out a grant 
program to provide assistance to police 
departments with fewer than 200 law 
enforcement officers, and for other pur-
poses, on which the yeas and nays were 
ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 360, nays 64, 
not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 451] 
YEAS—360 
Adams 
Aderholt 
Aguilar 
Allred 
Amodei 
Armstrong 
Auchincloss 
Axne 
Bacon 
Baird 
Balderson 
Banks 
Barr 
Barraga´n 
Bass 
Beatty 
Bentz 
Bera 
Bergman 
Beyer 
Bice (OK) 
Bilirakis 
Bishop (GA) 
Blumenauer 
Blunt Rochester 
Bonamici 
Bost 
Bourdeaux 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady 
Brown (MD) 
Brown (OH) 
Brownley 
Buchanan 
Bucshon 
Budd 
Burgess 
Bustos 
Butterfield 
Calvert 
Carbajal 
Ca´rdenas 
Carey 
Carl 
Carson 
Carter (LA) 
Carter (TX) 
Cartwright 
Case 
Casten 
Castor (FL) 
Castro (TX) 
Chabot 
Cheney 
Cherfilus- 
McCormick 
Chu 
Cicilline 
Clark (MA) 
Clarke (NY) 
Cleaver 
Cline 
Clyburn 
Cohen 
Cole 
Comer 
Connolly 
Conway 
Cooper 
Correa 
Costa 
Courtney 
Craig 
Crawford 
Crenshaw 
Crow 
Cuellar 
Curtis 
Davids (KS) 
Davis, Danny K. 
Davis, Rodney 
Dean 
DeFazio 
DeGette 
DeLauro 
DelBene 
Demings 
DeSaulnier 
Deutch 
Diaz-Balart 
Dingell 
Doggett 
Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Dunn 
Ellzey 
Emmer 
Escobar 
Eshoo 
Espaillat 
Evans 
Feenstra 
Ferguson 
Finstad 
Fischbach 
Fitzgerald 
Fitzpatrick 
Fleischmann 
Fletcher 
Flood 
Flores 
Foster 
Foxx 
Frankel, Lois 
Franklin, C. 
Scott 
Fulcher 
Gallagher 
Gallego 
Garamendi 
Garbarino 
Garcia (CA) 
Garcia (TX) 
Gibbs 
Gimenez 
Golden 
Gonzales, Tony 
Gonzalez (OH) 
Gonzalez, 
Vicente 
Gottheimer 
Granger 
Graves (LA) 
Graves (MO) 
Green, Al (TX) 
Griffith 
Grijalva 
Guest 
Guthrie 
Harder (CA) 
Harris 
Harshbarger 
Hartzler 
Hayes 
Herrell 
Herrera Beutler 
Higgins (NY) 
Hill 
Himes 
Hinson 
Hollingsworth 
Horsford 
Houlahan 
Hoyer 
Hudson 
Huffman 
Huizenga 
Issa 
Jackson Lee 
Jacobs (CA) 
Jacobs (NY) 
Jayapal 
Jeffries 
Johnson (GA) 
Johnson (LA) 
Johnson (OH) 
Johnson (SD) 
Johnson (TX) 
Jones 
Joyce (OH) 
Joyce (PA) 
Kahele 
Kaptur 
Katko 
Keating 
Keller 
Kelly (IL) 
Kelly (MS) 
Kelly (PA) 
Khanna 
Kildee 
Kilmer 
Kim (CA) 
Kim (NJ) 
Kind 
Kinzinger 
Kirkpatrick 
Krishnamoorthi 
Kuster 
Kustoff 
LaHood 
LaMalfa 
Lamb 
Lamborn 
Larsen (WA) 
Larson (CT) 
Latta 
LaTurner 
Lawrence 
Lawson (FL) 
Lee (CA) 
Lee (NV) 
Leger Fernandez 
Lesko 
Letlow 
Levin (CA) 
Lieu 
Lofgren 
Long 
Lowenthal 
Lucas 
Luetkemeyer 
Luria 
Lynch 
Mace 
Malinowski 
Malliotakis 
Maloney, 
Carolyn B. 
Maloney, Sean 
Mann 
Manning 
Matsui 
McBath 
McCaul 
McCollum 
McEachin 
McGovern 
McHenry 
McKinley 
McNerney 
Meeks 
Meijer 
Meng 
Meuser 
Mfume 
Miller (WV) 
Miller-Meeks 
Moolenaar 
Mooney 
Moore (UT) 
Moore (WI) 
Morelle 
Moulton 
Mrvan 
Mullin 
Murphy (FL) 
Murphy (NC) 
Nadler 
Napolitano 
Neal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:22 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00032
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE7.033
H22SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 31-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H8101 
September 22, 2022 
Neguse 
Newhouse 
Newman 
Norcross 
O’Halleran 
Obernolte 
Omar 
Palazzo 
Pallone 
Panetta 
Pappas 
Pascrell 
Payne 
Pelosi 
Peltola 
Pence 
Perlmutter 
Perry 
Peters 
Phillips 
Pingree 
Porter 
Posey 
Price (NC) 
Quigley 
Raskin 
Reschenthaler 
Rice (NY) 
Rodgers (WA) 
Rogers (AL) 
Rogers (KY) 
Ross 
Rouzer 
Roybal-Allard 
Ruiz 
Ruppersberger 
Rush 
Rutherford 
Ryan (NY) 
Ryan (OH) 
Salazar 
Sa´nchez 
Sarbanes 
Scanlon 
Schakowsky 
Schiff 
Schneider 
Schrader 
Schrier 
Scott (VA) 
Scott, Austin 
Scott, David 
Sempolinski 
Sewell 
Sherman 
Sherrill 
Simpson 
Sires 
Slotkin 
Smith (MO) 
Smith (NE) 
Smith (NJ) 
Smucker 
Soto 
Spanberger 
Spartz 
Speier 
Stansbury 
Stanton 
Stauber 
Steel 
Stefanik 
Steil 
Steube 
Stevens 
Strickland 
Suozzi 
Swalwell 
Takano 
Tenney 
Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) 
Thompson (PA) 
Timmons 
Titus 
Tonko 
Torres (NY) 
Trahan 
Trone 
Turner 
Underwood 
Upton 
Valadao 
Van Duyne 
Vargas 
Veasey 
Wagner 
Walberg 
Waltz 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Watson Coleman 
Weber (TX) 
Webster (FL) 
Welch 
Wenstrup 
Westerman 
Wexton 
Wild 
Williams (GA) 
Wilson (FL) 
Wilson (SC) 
Wittman 
Womack 
Yarmuth 
NAYS—64 
Allen 
Arrington 
Babin 
Biggs 
Bishop (NC) 
Boebert 
Bowman 
Brooks 
Buck 
Burchett 
Bush 
Cammack 
Carter (GA) 
Cawthorn 
Cloud 
Clyde 
Davidson 
DesJarlais 
Donalds 
Duncan 
Estes 
Fallon 
Gaetz 
Gohmert 
Gomez 
Good (VA) 
Gooden (TX) 
Gosar 
Green (TN) 
Greene (GA) 
Grothman 
Hern 
Hice (GA) 
Higgins (LA) 
Jackson 
Jordan 
Levin (MI) 
Loudermilk 
Massie 
Mast 
McClain 
McClintock 
Miller (IL) 
Moore (AL) 
Nehls 
Norman 
Ocasio-Cortez 
Palmer 
Pfluger 
Pocan 
Pressley 
Rice (SC) 
Rose 
Rosendale 
Roy 
Schweikert 
Sessions 
Stewart 
Taylor 
Tiffany 
Tlaib 
Van Drew 
Waters 
Williams (TX) 
NOT VOTING—9 
Garcı´a (IL) 
Langevin 
McCarthy 
Owens 
Scalise 
Smith (WA) 
Torres (CA) 
Vela´zquez 
Zeldin 
b 1550 
Messrs. ADERHOLT, COHEN, HAR-
RIS, LONG, Ms. FOXX, and Mr. CLINE 
changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to 
‘‘yea.’’ 
Mr. BABIN changed his vote from 
‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
So the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
MEMBERS RECORDED PURSUANT TO HOUSE 
RESOLUTION 8, 117TH CONGRESS 
Baird (Bucshon) 
Barr (Guthrie) 
Barraga´n (Beyer) 
Bass (Correa) 
Blumenauer 
(Beyer) 
Bowman (Ocasio- 
Cortez) 
Brown (MD) 
(Trone) 
Buchanan 
(Franklin, C. 
Scott) 
Burgess (Weber 
(TX)) 
Bustos 
(Brownley) 
Calvert (Garcia 
(CA)) 
Ca´rdenas 
(Correa) 
Carter (GA) 
(Fleischmann) 
Cawthorn 
(Timmons) 
Chu (Beyer) 
Comer (Guthrie) 
Conway 
(LaMalfa) 
Crawford 
(Fleischmann) 
Crenshaw 
(Ellzey) 
Cuellar (Garcia 
(TX)) 
DeFazio 
(Pallone) 
DeGette (Blunt 
Rochester) 
DeSaulnier 
(Beyer) 
DesJarlais 
(Fleischmann) 
Dingell (Stevens) 
Doggett (Beyer) 
Donalds 
(Timmons) 
Doyle, Michael 
F. (Connolly) 
Duncan (Weber 
(TX)) 
Fallon (Ellzey) 
Frankel, Lois 
(Brownley) 
Gibbs (Bucshon) 
Gimenez (Mast) 
Gomez (Correa) 
Gonzales, Tony 
(Fleischmann) 
Granger (Ellzey) 
Graves (LA) 
(Moore (UT)) 
Greene (GA) 
(Gosar) 
Herrera Beutler 
(Moore (UT)) 
Huffman 
(Brownley) 
Issa (Garcia 
(CA)) 
Jackson (Ellzey) 
Jacobs (NY) 
(Sempolinski) 
Johnson (GA) 
(Pallone) 
Johnson (LA) 
(Fleischmann) 
Johnson (TX) 
(Stevens) 
Joyce (OH) 
(Garbarino) 
Katko (Upton) 
Keating (Correa) 
Khanna (Garcia 
(TX)) 
Kind (Conolly) 
Kinzinger 
(Upton) 
Kirkpatrick 
(Pallone) 
LaHood (Kustoff) 
Lamb (Pallone) 
Larson (CT) 
(Stevens) 
LaTurner 
(Garbarino) 
Lawrence 
(Stevens) 
Lawson (FL) 
(Evans) 
Letlow (Moore 
(UT)) 
Levin (MI) 
(Correa) 
Loudermilk 
(Fleischmann) 
Mace (Timmons) 
McCaul (Pfluger) 
McClain 
(Fleischmann) 
McEachin 
(Beyer) 
Meijer (Upton) 
Meng (Escobar) 
Meuser (Weber 
(TX)) 
Miller (WV) 
(Murphy (NC)) 
Miller-Meeks 
(Keller) 
Moore (WI) 
(Beyer) 
Moulton 
(Stevens) 
Murphy (FL) 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Napolitano 
(Correa) 
Neal (Kildee) 
Nehls (Taylor) 
Newman (Beyer) 
Norman (Babin) 
Palazzo 
(Fleischmann) 
Pascrell 
(Pallone) 
Perlmutter 
(Neguse) 
Quigley (Kelly 
(IL)) 
Reschenthaler 
(Keller) 
Rice (NY) 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Rodgers (WA) 
(Moore (UT)) 
Rush (Foster) 
Ryan (OH) 
(Correa) 
Salazar (Dunn) 
Sa´nchez 
(Pallone) 
Scott, David 
(Correa) 
Sewell (Cicilline) 
Sires (Pallone) 
Soto (Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Spartz (Banks) 
Steel (Obernolte) 
Steube 
(Franklin, C. 
Scott) 
Suozzi (Beyer) 
Swalwell 
(Correa) 
Thompson (CA) 
(Matsui) 
Tiffany (Gosar) 
Vargas (Correa) 
Waltz (Mast) 
Welch (Pallone) 
Wenstrup (Latta) 
Wilson (SC) 
(Dunn) 
f 
MENTAL HEALTH JUSTICE ACT OF 
2022 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. 
CRAIG). Pursuant to clause 8 of rule 
XX, the unfinished business is the vote 
on passage of the bill (H.R. 8542) to 
amend the Public Health Service Act 
to authorize grants to States, Indian 
Tribes, Tribal organizations, Urban In-
dian organizations, and political sub-
divisions thereof to hire, employ, train, 
and dispatch mental health profes-
sionals to respond in lieu of law en-
forcement officers in emergencies in-
volving one or more persons with a 
mental illness or an intellectual or de-
velopmental disability, and for other 
purposes, on which the yeas and nays 
were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
This is a 5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 223, nays 
206, not voting 3, as follows: 
[Roll No. 452] 
YEAS—223 
Adams 
Aguilar 
Allred 
Auchincloss 
Axne 
Barraga´n 
Bass 
Beatty 
Bera 
Beyer 
Bishop (GA) 
Blumenauer 
Blunt Rochester 
Bonamici 
Bourdeaux 
Bowman 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brown (MD) 
Brown (OH) 
Brownley 
Bush 
Bustos 
Butterfield 
Carbajal 
Ca´rdenas 
Carson 
Carter (LA) 
Cartwright 
Case 
Casten 
Castor (FL) 
Castro (TX) 
Cherfilus- 
McCormick 
Chu 
Cicilline 
Clark (MA) 
Clarke (NY) 
Cleaver 
Clyburn 
Cohen 
Connolly 
Cooper 
Correa 
Costa 
Courtney 
Craig 
Crow 
Cuellar 
Davids (KS) 
Davis, Danny K. 
Dean 
DeFazio 
DeGette 
DeLauro 
DelBene 
Demings 
DeSaulnier 
Deutch 
Dingell 
Doggett 
Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Escobar 
Eshoo 
Espaillat 
Evans 
Fitzpatrick 
Fletcher 
Foster 
Frankel, Lois 
Gallego 
Garamendi 
Garcı´a (IL) 
Garcia (TX) 
Golden 
Gomez 
Gonzalez, 
Vicente 
Gottheimer 
Green, Al (TX) 
Grijalva 
Harder (CA) 
Hayes 
Herrera Beutler 
Higgins (NY) 
Himes 
Horsford 
Houlahan 
Hoyer 
Huffman 
Jackson Lee 
Jacobs (CA) 
Jayapal 
Jeffries 
Johnson (GA) 
Johnson (TX) 
Jones 
Kahele 
Kaptur 
Keating 
Kelly (IL) 
Khanna 
Kildee 
Kilmer 
Kim (NJ) 
Kind 
Kirkpatrick 
Krishnamoorthi 
Kuster 
Lamb 
Langevin 
Larsen (WA) 
Larson (CT) 
Lawrence 
Lawson (FL) 
Lee (CA) 
Lee (NV) 
Leger Fernandez 
Levin (CA) 
Levin (MI) 
Lieu 
Lofgren 
Lowenthal 
Luria 
Lynch 
Malinowski 
Maloney, 
Carolyn B. 
Maloney, Sean 
Manning 
Matsui 
McBath 
McCollum 
McEachin 
McGovern 
McNerney 
Meeks 
Meng 
Mfume 
Moore (WI) 
Morelle 
Moulton 
Mrvan 
Murphy (FL) 
Nadler 
Napolitano 
Neal 
Neguse 
Newman 
Norcross 
O’Halleran 
Ocasio-Cortez 
Omar 
Pallone 
Panetta 
Pappas 
Pascrell 
Payne 
Peltola 
Perlmutter 
Peters 
Phillips 
Pingree 
Pocan 
Porter 
Pressley 
Price (NC) 
Quigley 
Raskin 
Rice (NY) 
Ross 
Roybal-Allard 
Ruiz 
Ruppersberger 
Rush 
Ryan (NY) 
Ryan (OH) 
Sa´nchez 
Sarbanes 
Scanlon 
Schakowsky 
Schiff 
Schneider 
Schrader 
Schrier 
Scott (VA) 
Scott, David 
Sewell 
Sherman 
Sherrill 
Sires 
Slotkin 
Smith (WA) 
Soto 
Spanberger 
Speier 
Stansbury 
Stanton 
Steel 
Stevens 
Strickland 
Suozzi 
Swalwell 
Takano 
Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) 
Titus 
Tlaib 
Tonko 
Torres (CA) 
Torres (NY) 
Trahan 
Trone 
Underwood 
Vargas 
Veasey 
Vela´zquez 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters 
Watson Coleman 
Welch 
Wexton 
Wild 
Williams (GA) 
Wilson (FL) 
Yarmuth 
NAYS—206 
Aderholt 
Allen 
Amodei 
Armstrong 
Arrington 
Babin 
Bacon 
Baird 
Balderson 
Banks 
Barr 
Bentz 
Bergman 
Bice (OK) 
Biggs 
Bilirakis 
Bishop (NC) 
Boebert 
Bost 
Brady 
Brooks 
Buchanan 
Buck 
Bucshon 
Budd 
Burchett 
Burgess 
Calvert 
Cammack 
Carey 
Carl 
Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) 
Cawthorn 
Chabot 
Cheney 
Cline 
Cloud 
Clyde 
Cole 
Comer 
Conway 
Crawford 
Crenshaw 
Curtis 
Davidson 
Davis, Rodney 
DesJarlais 
Diaz-Balart 
Donalds 
Duncan 
Dunn 
Ellzey 
Emmer 
Estes 
Fallon 
Feenstra 
Ferguson 
Finstad 
Fischbach 
Fitzgerald 
Fleischmann 
Flood 
Flores 
Foxx 
Franklin, C. 
Scott 
Fulcher 
Gaetz 
Gallagher 
Garbarino 
Garcia (CA) 
Gibbs 
Gimenez 
Gohmert 
Gonzales, Tony 
Gonzalez (OH) 
Good (VA) 
Gooden (TX) 
Gosar 
Granger 
Graves (LA) 
Graves (MO) 
Green (TN) 
Greene (GA) 
Griffith 
Grothman 
Guest 
Guthrie 
Harris 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:22 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00033
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE7.035
H22SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 32-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H8102 
September 22, 2022 
Harshbarger 
Hartzler 
Hern 
Herrell 
Hice (GA) 
Higgins (LA) 
Hill 
Hinson 
Hollingsworth 
Hudson 
Huizenga 
Issa 
Jackson 
Jacobs (NY) 
Johnson (LA) 
Johnson (OH) 
Johnson (SD) 
Jordan 
Joyce (OH) 
Joyce (PA) 
Katko 
Keller 
Kelly (MS) 
Kelly (PA) 
Kim (CA) 
Kinzinger 
Kustoff 
LaHood 
LaMalfa 
Lamborn 
Latta 
LaTurner 
Lesko 
Letlow 
Long 
Loudermilk 
Lucas 
Luetkemeyer 
Mace 
Malliotakis 
Mann 
Massie 
Mast 
McCaul 
McClain 
McClintock 
McHenry 
McKinley 
Meijer 
Meuser 
Miller (IL) 
Miller (WV) 
Miller-Meeks 
Moolenaar 
Mooney 
Moore (AL) 
Moore (UT) 
Mullin 
Murphy (NC) 
Nehls 
Newhouse 
Norman 
Obernolte 
Owens 
Palazzo 
Palmer 
Pence 
Perry 
Pfluger 
Posey 
Reschenthaler 
Rice (SC) 
Rodgers (WA) 
Rogers (AL) 
Rogers (KY) 
Rose 
Rosendale 
Rouzer 
Roy 
Rutherford 
Salazar 
Schweikert 
Scott, Austin 
Sempolinski 
Sessions 
Simpson 
Smith (MO) 
Smith (NE) 
Smith (NJ) 
Smucker 
Spartz 
Stauber 
Stefanik 
Steil 
Steube 
Stewart 
Taylor 
Tenney 
Thompson (PA) 
Tiffany 
Timmons 
Turner 
Upton 
Valadao 
Van Drew 
Van Duyne 
Wagner 
Walberg 
Waltz 
Weber (TX) 
Webster (FL) 
Wenstrup 
Westerman 
Williams (TX) 
Wilson (SC) 
Wittman 
Womack 
NOT VOTING—3 
McCarthy 
Scalise 
Zeldin 
b 1608 
So the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
MEMBERS RECORDED PURSUANT TO HOUSE 
RESOLUTION 8, 117TH CONGRESS 
Baird (Bucshon) 
Barr (Guthrie) 
Barraga´n (Beyer) 
Bass (Correa) 
Blumenauer 
(Beyer) 
Bowman (Ocasio- 
Cortez) 
Brown (MD) 
(Trone) 
Buchanan 
(Franklin, C. 
Scott) 
Burgess (Weber 
(TX)) 
Bustos 
(Brownley) 
Calvert (Garcia 
(CA)) 
Ca´rdenas 
(Correa) 
Carter (GA) 
(Fleischmann) 
Cawthorn 
(Timmons) 
Chu (Beyer) 
Comer (Guthrie) 
Conway 
(LaMalfa) 
Crawford 
(Fleischmann) 
Crenshaw 
(Ellzey) 
Cuellar (Garcia 
(TX)) 
DeFazio 
(Pallone) 
DeGette (Blunt 
Rochester) 
DeSaulnier 
(Beyer) 
DesJarlais 
(Fleischmann) 
Dingell (Stevens) 
Doggett (Beyer) 
Donalds 
(Timmons) 
Doyle, Michael 
F. (Connolly) 
Duncan (Weber 
(TX)) 
Fallon (Ellzey) 
Frankel, Lois 
(Brownley) 
Garcı´a (IL) 
(Garcia (TX)) 
Gibbs (Bucshon) 
Gimenez (Mast) 
Gomez (Correa) 
Gonzales, Tony 
(Fleischmann) 
Granger (Ellzey) 
Graves (LA) 
(Moore (UT)) 
Greene (GA) 
(Gosar) 
Herrera Beutler 
(Moore (UT)) 
Huffman 
(Brownley) 
Issa (Garcia 
(CA)) 
Jackson (Ellzey) 
Jacobs (NY) 
(Sempolinski) 
Johnson (GA) 
(Pallone) 
Johnson (LA) 
(Fleischmann) 
Johnson (TX) 
(Stevens) 
Joyce (OH) 
(Garbarino) 
Katko (Upton) 
Keating (Correa) 
Khanna (Garcia 
(TX)) 
Kind (Conolly) 
Kinzinger 
(Upton) 
Kirkpatrick 
(Pallone) 
LaHood (Kustoff) 
Lamb (Pallone) 
Langevin 
(Lynch) 
Larson (CT) 
(Stevens) 
LaTurner 
(Garbarino) 
Lawrence 
(Stevens) 
Lawson (FL) 
(Evans) 
Letlow (Moore 
(UT)) 
Levin (MI) 
(Correa) 
Loudermilk 
(Fleischmann) 
Mace (Timmons) 
Malinowski 
(Kelly (IL)) 
McCaul (Pfluger) 
McClain 
(Fleischmann) 
McEachin 
(Beyer) 
Meijer (Upton) 
Meng (Escobar) 
Meuser (Weber 
(TX)) 
Miller (WV) 
(Murphy (NC)) 
Miller-Meeks 
(Keller) 
Moore (WI) 
(Beyer) 
Moulton 
(Stevens) 
Murphy (FL) 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Napolitano 
(Correa) 
Neal (Kildee) 
Nehls (Taylor) 
Newman (Beyer) 
Norman (Babin) 
Owens (Stewart) 
Palazzo 
(Fleischmann) 
Pascrell 
(Pallone) 
Perlmutter 
(Neguse) 
Quigley (Kelly 
(IL)) 
Reschenthaler 
(Keller) 
Rice (NY) 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Rodgers (WA) 
(Moore (UT)) 
Rush (Foster) 
Ryan (OH) 
(Correa) 
Salazar (Dunn) 
Sa´nchez 
(Pallone) 
Scott, David 
(Correa) 
Sewell (Cicilline) 
Sires (Pallone) 
Smith (WA) 
(Beyer) 
Soto (Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Spartz (Banks) 
Stansbury (Kelly 
(IL)) 
Steel (Obernolte) 
Steube 
(Franklin, C. 
Scott) 
Suozzi (Beyer) 
Swalwell 
(Correa) 
Thompson (CA) 
(Matsui) 
Thompson (PA) 
(Keller) 
Tiffany (Gosar) 
Vargas (Correa) 
Vela´zquez 
(Clarke (NY)) 
Waltz (Mast) 
Welch (Pallone) 
Wenstrup (Latta) 
Wilson (SC) 
(Dunn) 
f 
BREAK THE CYCLE OF VIOLENCE 
ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
CARSON). Pursuant to clause 8 of rule 
XX, the unfinished business is the vote 
on passage of the bill (H.R. 4118) to au-
thorize the Secretary of Health and 
Human Services to build safer, thriving 
communities, and save lives, by invest-
ing in effective community-based vio-
lence reduction initiatives, and for 
other purposes, on which the yeas and 
nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
This is a 5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 220, nays 
207, not voting 5, as follows: 
[Roll No. 453] 
YEAS—220 
Adams 
Aguilar 
Allred 
Auchincloss 
Axne 
Barraga´n 
Bass 
Beatty 
Bera 
Beyer 
Bishop (GA) 
Blumenauer 
Blunt Rochester 
Bonamici 
Bourdeaux 
Bowman 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brown (MD) 
Brown (OH) 
Brownley 
Bush 
Bustos 
Butterfield 
Carbajal 
Ca´rdenas 
Carson 
Carter (LA) 
Cartwright 
Case 
Casten 
Castor (FL) 
Castro (TX) 
Cherfilus- 
McCormick 
Chu 
Cicilline 
Clark (MA) 
Clarke (NY) 
Cleaver 
Clyburn 
Connolly 
Cooper 
Correa 
Costa 
Courtney 
Craig 
Crow 
Cuellar 
Davids (KS) 
Davis, Danny K. 
Dean 
DeFazio 
DeGette 
DeLauro 
DelBene 
Demings 
DeSaulnier 
Deutch 
Dingell 
Doggett 
Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Escobar 
Eshoo 
Espaillat 
Evans 
Fitzpatrick 
Fletcher 
Foster 
Frankel, Lois 
Gallego 
Garamendi 
Garcı´a (IL) 
Garcia (TX) 
Golden 
Gomez 
Gonzalez, 
Vicente 
Gottheimer 
Green, Al (TX) 
Grijalva 
Harder (CA) 
Hayes 
Higgins (NY) 
Himes 
Horsford 
Houlahan 
Hoyer 
Huffman 
Jackson Lee 
Jacobs (CA) 
Jayapal 
Jeffries 
Johnson (GA) 
Johnson (TX) 
Jones 
Kahele 
Kaptur 
Keating 
Kelly (IL) 
Khanna 
Kildee 
Kilmer 
Kim (NJ) 
Kind 
Kirkpatrick 
Krishnamoorthi 
Kuster 
Lamb 
Langevin 
Larsen (WA) 
Larson (CT) 
Lawrence 
Lawson (FL) 
Lee (CA) 
Lee (NV) 
Leger Fernandez 
Levin (CA) 
Levin (MI) 
Lieu 
Lofgren 
Lowenthal 
Luria 
Lynch 
Malinowski 
Maloney, 
Carolyn B. 
Maloney, Sean 
Manning 
Matsui 
McBath 
McCollum 
McEachin 
McGovern 
McNerney 
Meeks 
Meng 
Mfume 
Moore (WI) 
Morelle 
Moulton 
Mrvan 
Murphy (FL) 
Nadler 
Napolitano 
Neal 
Neguse 
Newman 
Norcross 
O’Halleran 
Ocasio-Cortez 
Omar 
Pallone 
Panetta 
Pappas 
Pascrell 
Payne 
Peltola 
Perlmutter 
Peters 
Phillips 
Pingree 
Pocan 
Porter 
Pressley 
Price (NC) 
Quigley 
Raskin 
Rice (NY) 
Ross 
Roybal-Allard 
Ruiz 
Ruppersberger 
Rush 
Ryan (NY) 
Ryan (OH) 
Sa´nchez 
Sarbanes 
Scanlon 
Schakowsky 
Schiff 
Schneider 
Schrader 
Schrier 
Scott (VA) 
Scott, David 
Sewell 
Sherman 
Sherrill 
Sires 
Slotkin 
Smith (WA) 
Soto 
Spanberger 
Speier 
Stansbury 
Stanton 
Stevens 
Strickland 
Suozzi 
Swalwell 
Takano 
Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) 
Titus 
Tlaib 
Tonko 
Torres (CA) 
Torres (NY) 
Trahan 
Trone 
Underwood 
Vargas 
Veasey 
Vela´zquez 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters 
Watson Coleman 
Welch 
Wexton 
Wild 
Williams (GA) 
Wilson (FL) 
Yarmuth 
NAYS—207 
Aderholt 
Allen 
Amodei 
Armstrong 
Arrington 
Babin 
Bacon 
Baird 
Balderson 
Banks 
Barr 
Bentz 
Bergman 
Bice (OK) 
Biggs 
Bilirakis 
Bishop (NC) 
Boebert 
Bost 
Brady 
Brooks 
Buchanan 
Buck 
Bucshon 
Budd 
Burchett 
Burgess 
Calvert 
Cammack 
Carey 
Carl 
Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) 
Cawthorn 
Chabot 
Cheney 
Cline 
Cloud 
Clyde 
Cole 
Comer 
Conway 
Crawford 
Crenshaw 
Curtis 
Davidson 
Davis, Rodney 
DesJarlais 
Diaz-Balart 
Donalds 
Duncan 
Dunn 
Ellzey 
Emmer 
Estes 
Fallon 
Feenstra 
Ferguson 
Finstad 
Fischbach 
Fitzgerald 
Fleischmann 
Flood 
Flores 
Franklin, C. 
Scott 
Fulcher 
Gaetz 
Gallagher 
Garbarino 
Garcia (CA) 
Gibbs 
Gimenez 
Gohmert 
Gonzales, Tony 
Gonzalez (OH) 
Good (VA) 
Gooden (TX) 
Gosar 
Granger 
Graves (LA) 
Graves (MO) 
Green (TN) 
Greene (GA) 
Griffith 
Grothman 
Guest 
Guthrie 
Harris 
Harshbarger 
Hartzler 
Hern 
Herrell 
Herrera Beutler 
Hice (GA) 
Higgins (LA) 
Hill 
Hinson 
Hollingsworth 
Hudson 
Huizenga 
Issa 
Jackson 
Jacobs (NY) 
Johnson (LA) 
Johnson (OH) 
Johnson (SD) 
Jordan 
Joyce (OH) 
Joyce (PA) 
Katko 
Keller 
Kelly (MS) 
Kelly (PA) 
Kim (CA) 
Kinzinger 
Kustoff 
LaHood 
LaMalfa 
Lamborn 
Latta 
LaTurner 
Lesko 
Letlow 
Long 
Loudermilk 
Lucas 
Luetkemeyer 
Mace 
Malliotakis 
Mann 
Massie 
Mast 
McCaul 
McClain 
McClintock 
McHenry 
McKinley 
Meijer 
Meuser 
Miller (IL) 
Miller (WV) 
Miller-Meeks 
Moolenaar 
Mooney 
Moore (AL) 
Moore (UT) 
Mullin 
Murphy (NC) 
Nehls 
Newhouse 
Norman 
Obernolte 
Owens 
Palazzo 
Palmer 
Pence 
Perry 
Pfluger 
Posey 
Reschenthaler 
Rice (SC) 
Rodgers (WA) 
Rogers (AL) 
Rogers (KY) 
Rose 
Rosendale 
Rouzer 
Roy 
Rutherford 
Salazar 
Schweikert 
Scott, Austin 
Sempolinski 
Sessions 
Simpson 
Smith (MO) 
Smith (NE) 
Smith (NJ) 
Smucker 
Spartz 
Stauber 
Steel 
Stefanik 
Steil 
Steube 
Stewart 
Taylor 
Tenney 
Thompson (PA) 
Tiffany 
Timmons 
Turner 
Upton 
Valadao 
Van Drew 
Van Duyne 
Wagner 
Walberg 
Waltz 
Weber (TX) 
Webster (FL) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:22 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00034
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE7.031
H22SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 33-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H8103 
September 22, 2022 
Wenstrup 
Westerman 
Williams (TX) 
Wilson (SC) 
Wittman 
Womack 
NOT VOTING—5 
Cohen 
Foxx 
McCarthy 
Scalise 
Zeldin 
b 1626 
So the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
MEMBERS RECORDED PURSUANT TO HOUSE 
RESOLUTION 8, 117TH CONGRESS 
Baird (Bucshon) 
Barr (Guthrie) 
Barraga´n (Beyer) 
Bass (Correa) 
Blumenauer 
(Beyer) 
Bowman (Ocasio- 
Cortez) 
Brown (MD) 
(Trone) 
Buchanan 
(Franklin, C. 
Scott) 
Burgess (Weber 
(TX)) 
Bustos 
(Brownley) 
Calvert (Garcia 
(CA)) 
Ca´rdenas 
(Correa) 
Carter (GA) 
(Fleischmann) 
Cawthorn 
(Timmons) 
Chu (Beyer) 
Clyburn 
(Panetta) 
Comer (Guthrie) 
Conway 
(LaMalfa) 
Crawford 
(Fleischmann) 
Crenshaw 
(Ellzey) 
Cuellar (Garcia 
(TX)) 
DeFazio 
(Pallone) 
DeGette (Blunt 
Rochester) 
DeSaulnier 
(Beyer) 
DesJarlais 
(Fleischmann) 
Dingell (Stevens) 
Doggett (Beyer) 
Donalds 
(Timmons) 
Doyle, Michael 
F. (Connolly) 
Duncan (Weber 
(TX)) 
Fallon (Ellzey) 
Frankel, Lois 
(Brownley) 
Garcı´a (IL) 
(Garcia (TX)) 
Gibbs (Bucshon) 
Gimenez (Mast) 
Gomez (Correa) 
Gonzales, Tony 
(Fleischmann) 
Granger (Ellzey) 
Graves (LA) 
(Moore (UT)) 
Greene (GA) 
(Gosar) 
Herrera Beutler 
(Moore (UT)) 
Huffman 
(Brownley) 
Issa (Garcia 
(CA)) 
Jackson (Ellzey) 
Jacobs (NY) 
(Sempolinski) 
Johnson (GA) 
(Pallone) 
Johnson (LA) 
(Fleischmann) 
Johnson (TX) 
(Stevens) 
Joyce (OH) 
(Garbarino) 
Katko (Upton) 
Keating (Correa) 
Khanna (Garcia 
(TX)) 
Kind (Conolly) 
Kinzinger 
(Upton) 
Kirkpatrick 
(Pallone) 
LaHood (Kustoff) 
Lamb (Pallone) 
Langevin 
(Lynch) 
Larson (CT) 
(Stevens) 
LaTurner 
(Garbarino) 
Lawrence 
(Stevens) 
Lawson (FL) 
(Evans) 
Letlow (Moore 
(UT)) 
Levin (MI) 
(Correa) 
Lofgren (Boyle, 
Brendan F.) 
Loudermilk 
(Fleischmann) 
Mace (Timmons) 
Malinowski 
(Kelly (IL)) 
McCaul (Pfluger) 
McClain 
(Fleischmann) 
McEachin 
(Beyer) 
Meijer (Upton) 
Meng (Escobar) 
Meuser (Weber 
(TX)) 
Miller (WV) 
(Murphy (NC)) 
Miller-Meeks 
(Keller) 
Moore (WI) 
(Beyer) 
Moulton 
(Stevens) 
Murphy (FL) 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Napolitano 
(Correa) 
Neal (Kildee) 
Nehls (Taylor) 
Newman (Beyer) 
Norman (Babin) 
Owens (Stewart) 
Palazzo 
(Fleischmann) 
Pascrell 
(Pallone) 
Perlmutter 
(Neguse) 
Quigley (Kelly 
(IL)) 
Reschenthaler 
(Keller) 
Rice (NY) 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Rodgers (WA) 
(Moore (UT)) 
Rush (Foster) 
Ryan (OH) 
(Correa) 
Salazar (Dunn) 
Sa´nchez 
(Pallone) 
Scott, David 
(Correa) 
Sewell (Cicilline) 
Sires (Pallone) 
Smith (WA) 
(Beyer) 
Soto (Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Spartz (Banks) 
Speier (Escobar) 
Stansbury (Kelly 
(IL)) 
Steel (Obernolte) 
Steube 
(Franklin, C. 
Scott) 
Suozzi (Beyer) 
Swalwell 
(Correa) 
Thompson (CA) 
(Matsui) 
Thompson (PA) 
(Keller) 
Tiffany (Gosar) 
Vargas (Correa) 
Vela´zquez 
(Clarke (NY)) 
Waltz (Mast) 
Welch (Pallone) 
Wenstrup (Latta) 
Wilson (SC) 
(Dunn) 
f 
VIOLENT 
INCIDENT 
CLEARANCE 
AND 
TECHNOLOGICAL 
INVES-
TIGATIVE METHODS ACT OF 2022 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the unfin-
ished business is the vote on passage of 
the bill (H.R. 5768) to direct the Attor-
ney General to establish a grant pro-
gram to establish, create, and admin-
ister the violent incident clearance and 
technology investigative method, and 
for other purposes, on which the yeas 
and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
This is a 5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 250, nays 
178, not voting 4, as follows: 
[Roll No. 454] 
YEAS—250 
Adams 
Aguilar 
Allred 
Armstrong 
Auchincloss 
Axne 
Bacon 
Barraga´n 
Bass 
Beatty 
Bera 
Beyer 
Bishop (GA) 
Blumenauer 
Blunt Rochester 
Bonamici 
Bourdeaux 
Bowman 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brown (MD) 
Brown (OH) 
Brownley 
Budd 
Bush 
Bustos 
Butterfield 
Calvert 
Carbajal 
Ca´rdenas 
Carson 
Carter (LA) 
Cartwright 
Case 
Casten 
Castor (FL) 
Castro (TX) 
Chabot 
Cherfilus- 
McCormick 
Chu 
Cicilline 
Clark (MA) 
Clarke (NY) 
Cleaver 
Clyburn 
Cohen 
Connolly 
Cooper 
Correa 
Costa 
Courtney 
Craig 
Crow 
Cuellar 
Davids (KS) 
Davis, Danny K. 
Davis, Rodney 
Dean 
DeFazio 
DeGette 
DeLauro 
DelBene 
Demings 
DeSaulnier 
Deutch 
Dingell 
Doggett 
Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Emmer 
Escobar 
Eshoo 
Espaillat 
Evans 
Finstad 
Fischbach 
Fitzpatrick 
Fletcher 
Flores 
Foster 
Frankel, Lois 
Gallego 
Garamendi 
Garbarino 
Garcia (CA) 
Garcı´a (IL) 
Garcia (TX) 
Golden 
Gomez 
Gonzalez, 
Vicente 
Gottheimer 
Green, Al (TX) 
Grijalva 
Harder (CA) 
Hayes 
Herrera Beutler 
Higgins (NY) 
Himes 
Hinson 
Horsford 
Houlahan 
Hoyer 
Huffman 
Jackson Lee 
Jacobs (CA) 
Jacobs (NY) 
Jayapal 
Jeffries 
Johnson (GA) 
Johnson (SD) 
Johnson (TX) 
Jones 
Joyce (OH) 
Kahele 
Kaptur 
Katko 
Keating 
Kelly (IL) 
Khanna 
Kildee 
Kilmer 
Kim (CA) 
Kim (NJ) 
Kind 
Kinzinger 
Kirkpatrick 
Krishnamoorthi 
Kuster 
Lamb 
Langevin 
Larsen (WA) 
Larson (CT) 
Lawrence 
Lawson (FL) 
Lee (CA) 
Lee (NV) 
Leger Fernandez 
Levin (CA) 
Levin (MI) 
Lieu 
Lofgren 
Lowenthal 
Luria 
Lynch 
Malinowski 
Malliotakis 
Maloney, 
Carolyn B. 
Maloney, Sean 
Manning 
Matsui 
McBath 
McCollum 
McEachin 
McGovern 
McNerney 
Meeks 
Meijer 
Meng 
Mfume 
Miller-Meeks 
Moore (WI) 
Morelle 
Moulton 
Mrvan 
Murphy (FL) 
Nadler 
Napolitano 
Neal 
Neguse 
Newhouse 
Newman 
Norcross 
O’Halleran 
Obernolte 
Ocasio-Cortez 
Omar 
Pallone 
Panetta 
Pappas 
Pascrell 
Payne 
Peltola 
Perlmutter 
Peters 
Phillips 
Pingree 
Pocan 
Porter 
Pressley 
Price (NC) 
Quigley 
Raskin 
Rice (NY) 
Rogers (KY) 
Ross 
Roybal-Allard 
Ruiz 
Ruppersberger 
Rush 
Ryan (NY) 
Ryan (OH) 
Sa´nchez 
Sarbanes 
Scanlon 
Schakowsky 
Schiff 
Schneider 
Schrader 
Schrier 
Scott (VA) 
Scott, David 
Sewell 
Sherman 
Sherrill 
Sires 
Slotkin 
Smith (WA) 
Soto 
Spanberger 
Speier 
Stansbury 
Stanton 
Stauber 
Stevens 
Strickland 
Suozzi 
Swalwell 
Takano 
Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) 
Titus 
Tlaib 
Tonko 
Torres (CA) 
Torres (NY) 
Trahan 
Trone 
Underwood 
Upton 
Valadao 
Vargas 
Veasey 
Vela´zquez 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters 
Watson Coleman 
Welch 
Wexton 
Wild 
Williams (GA) 
Wilson (FL) 
Yarmuth 
NAYS—178 
Aderholt 
Allen 
Amodei 
Arrington 
Babin 
Baird 
Balderson 
Banks 
Barr 
Bentz 
Bergman 
Bice (OK) 
Biggs 
Bilirakis 
Bishop (NC) 
Boebert 
Bost 
Brady 
Brooks 
Buchanan 
Buck 
Bucshon 
Burchett 
Burgess 
Cammack 
Carey 
Carl 
Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) 
Cawthorn 
Cheney 
Cline 
Cloud 
Clyde 
Cole 
Comer 
Conway 
Crawford 
Crenshaw 
Curtis 
Davidson 
DesJarlais 
Diaz-Balart 
Donalds 
Duncan 
Dunn 
Ellzey 
Estes 
Fallon 
Feenstra 
Ferguson 
Fitzgerald 
Fleischmann 
Flood 
Franklin, C. 
Scott 
Fulcher 
Gaetz 
Gallagher 
Gibbs 
Gimenez 
Gohmert 
Gonzales, Tony 
Gonzalez (OH) 
Good (VA) 
Gooden (TX) 
Gosar 
Granger 
Graves (LA) 
Graves (MO) 
Green (TN) 
Greene (GA) 
Griffith 
Grothman 
Guest 
Guthrie 
Harris 
Harshbarger 
Hartzler 
Hern 
Herrell 
Hice (GA) 
Higgins (LA) 
Hill 
Hollingsworth 
Hudson 
Huizenga 
Issa 
Jackson 
Johnson (LA) 
Johnson (OH) 
Jordan 
Joyce (PA) 
Keller 
Kelly (MS) 
Kelly (PA) 
Kustoff 
LaHood 
LaMalfa 
Lamborn 
Latta 
LaTurner 
Lesko 
Letlow 
Long 
Loudermilk 
Lucas 
Luetkemeyer 
Mace 
Mann 
Massie 
Mast 
McCaul 
McClain 
McClintock 
McHenry 
McKinley 
Meuser 
Miller (IL) 
Miller (WV) 
Moolenaar 
Mooney 
Moore (AL) 
Moore (UT) 
Mullin 
Murphy (NC) 
Nehls 
Norman 
Owens 
Palazzo 
Palmer 
Pence 
Perry 
Pfluger 
Posey 
Reschenthaler 
Rice (SC) 
Rodgers (WA) 
Rogers (AL) 
Rose 
Rosendale 
Rouzer 
Roy 
Rutherford 
Salazar 
Schweikert 
Scott, Austin 
Sempolinski 
Sessions 
Simpson 
Smith (MO) 
Smith (NE) 
Smith (NJ) 
Smucker 
Spartz 
Steel 
Stefanik 
Steil 
Steube 
Stewart 
Taylor 
Tenney 
Thompson (PA) 
Tiffany 
Timmons 
Turner 
Van Drew 
Van Duyne 
Wagner 
Walberg 
Waltz 
Weber (TX) 
Webster (FL) 
Wenstrup 
Westerman 
Williams (TX) 
Wilson (SC) 
Wittman 
Womack 
NOT VOTING—4 
Foxx 
McCarthy 
Scalise 
Zeldin 
b 1650 
Ms. STEFANIK changed her vote 
from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
So the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The title of the bill was amended so 
as to read: ‘‘A bill to direct the Attor-
ney General to establish a grant pro-
gram to establish, implement, and ad-
minister the violent incident clearance 
and technology investigative method, 
and for other purposes.’’. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
MEMBERS RECORDED PURSUANT TO HOUSE 
RESOLUTION 8, 117TH CONGRESS 
Baird (Bucshon) 
Barr (Guthrie) 
Barraga´n (Beyer) 
Bass (Correa) 
Blumenauer 
(Beyer) 
Bowman (Ocasio- 
Cortez) 
Brown (MD) 
(Trone) 
Buchanan 
(Franklin, C. 
Scott) 
Burgess (Weber 
(TX)) 
Bustos 
(Brownley) 
Calvert (Garcia 
(CA)) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:22 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00035
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE7.025
H22SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 34-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H8104 
September 22, 2022 
Ca´rdenas 
(Correa) 
Carter (GA) 
(Fleischmann) 
Cawthorn 
(Timmons) 
Chu (Beyer) 
Clyburn 
(Panetta) 
Comer (Guthrie) 
Conway 
(LaMalfa) 
Crawford 
(Fleischmann) 
Crenshaw 
(Ellzey) 
Cuellar (Garcia 
(TX)) 
DeFazio 
(Pallone) 
DeGette (Blunt 
Rochester) 
DeSaulnier 
(Beyer) 
DesJarlais 
(Fleischmann) 
Dingell (Stevens) 
Doggett (Beyer) 
Donalds 
(Timmons) 
Doyle, Michael 
F. (Connolly) 
Duncan (Weber 
(TX)) 
Fallon (Ellzey) 
Frankel, Lois 
(Brownley) 
Garcı´a (IL) 
(Garcia (TX)) 
Gibbs (Bucshon) 
Gimenez (Mast) 
Gomez (Correa) 
Gonzales, Tony 
(Fleischmann) 
Granger (Ellzey) 
Graves (LA) 
(Moore (UT)) 
Greene (GA) 
(Gosar) 
Herrera Beutler 
(Moore (UT)) 
Huffman 
(Brownley) 
Issa (Garcia 
(CA)) 
Jackson (Ellzey) 
Jacobs (NY) 
(Sempolinski) 
Johnson (GA) 
(Pallone) 
Johnson (LA) 
(Fleischmann) 
Johnson (TX) 
(Stevens) 
Joyce (OH) 
(Garbarino) 
Katko (Upton) 
Keating (Correa) 
Khanna (Garcia 
(TX)) 
Kind (Conolly) 
Kinzinger 
(Upton) 
Kirkpatrick 
(Pallone) 
LaHood (Kustoff) 
Lamb (Pallone) 
Langevin 
(Lynch) 
Larson (CT) 
(Stevens) 
LaTurner 
(Garbarino) 
Lawrence 
(Stevens) 
Lawson (FL) 
(Evans) 
Letlow (Moore 
(UT)) 
Levin (MI) 
(Correa) 
Lofgren (Boyle, 
Brendan F.) 
Loudermilk 
(Fleischmann) 
Mace (Timmons) 
Malinowski 
(Kelly (IL)) 
McCaul (Pfluger) 
McClain 
(Fleischmann) 
McEachin 
(Beyer) 
Meijer (Upton) 
Meng (Escobar) 
Meuser (Weber 
(TX)) 
Miller (WV) 
(Murphy (NC)) 
Miller-Meeks 
(Keller) 
Moore (WI) 
(Beyer) 
Moulton 
(Stevens) 
Murphy (FL) 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Napolitano 
(Correa) 
Neal (Kildee) 
Nehls (Taylor) 
Newman (Beyer) 
Norman (Babin) 
Owens (Stewart) 
Palazzo 
(Fleischmann) 
Pascrell 
(Pallone) 
Perlmutter 
(Neguse) 
Quigley (Kelly 
(IL)) 
Reschenthaler 
(Keller) 
Rice (NY) 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Rodgers (WA) 
(Moore (UT)) 
Rush (Foster) 
Ryan (OH) 
(Correa) 
Salazar (Dunn) 
Sa´nchez 
(Pallone) 
Scott, David 
(Correa) 
Sewell (Cicilline) 
Sires (Pallone) 
Smith (WA) 
(Beyer) 
Soto (Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Spartz (Banks) 
Speier (Escobar) 
Stansbury (Kelly 
(IL)) 
Steel (Obernolte) 
Steube 
(Franklin, C. 
Scott) 
Suozzi (Beyer) 
Swalwell 
(Correa) 
Thompson (CA) 
(Matsui) 
Thompson (PA) 
(Keller) 
Tiffany (Gosar) 
Vargas (Correa) 
Vela´zquez 
(Clarke (NY)) 
Waltz (Mast) 
Welch (Pallone) 
Wenstrup (Latta) 
Wilson (SC) 
(Dunn) 
f 
LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM 
(Mr. FERGUSON asked and was 
given permission to address the House 
for 1 minute and to revise and extend 
his remarks.) 
Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
for the purpose of inquiring of the 
Democratic Caucus chair the schedule 
for the week to come. I yield to the 
gentleman 
from 
New 
York 
(Mr. 
JEFFRIES). 
Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
my distinguished colleague for yield-
ing. 
The schedule next week: On Wednes-
day, the House will meet at 12 p.m. for 
morning hour; 2 p.m. for legislative 
business, with votes postponed until 
6:30 p.m. 
On Thursday, we will meet at 10 a.m. 
for morning hour and 12 p.m. for legis-
lative business. 
On Friday, the House will meet at 9 
a.m. for legislative business. 
Next week, we will be considering a 
continuing resolution, very important, 
to fund the government. We know the 
fiscal year concludes on September 30. 
It is something that we have to get 
done. 
It is also our expectation that we 
may consider legislation to reform the 
STOCK Act. And then we will also con-
sider bills under suspension of the 
rules. A complete list of suspension 
bills will be announced by the close of 
business tomorrow. 
Of 
course, 
additional 
legislative 
items are possible. 
Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, we 
have seen movement in the Senate. I 
understand that there is activity over 
there. Does the gentleman have an up-
date on when we might see that legisla-
tion in the House? But more impor-
tantly when we might see legislative 
text? 
Mr. JEFFRIES. The Senate has ap-
parently moved for cloture on Tuesday. 
So, one, it is our expectation that we 
are going to have an opportunity to 
vote to make sure that we fund the 
government beyond September 30. 
In terms of legislative text, the nego-
tiations are ongoing. I think everyone 
is working in good faith. I am thankful 
for the leadership on our side of Chair-
woman ROSA DELAURO. 
We have a responsibility to make 
sure that we keep the government 
open, and we intend to keep that re-
sponsibility. 
Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
my colleague if he is aware of any 
other additional authorizing text that 
may be attached to the continuing res-
olution. 
Mr. JEFFRIES. Well, there are ongo-
ing negotiations in good faith. There 
have been several exigencies that have 
arisen; but I don’t have visibility into 
the actual, precise nature of the nego-
tiations right now. 
As I mentioned, on our end, certainly 
they are being handled by Chairwoman 
ROSA DELAURO; but I know those nego-
tiations are progressing. We expect 
that an agreement is going to be 
reached, hopefully, in the next few 
days. Then, of course, the gentleman 
will have an opportunity, as will all 
Members, to review the legislative 
text. 
Mr. FERGUSON. One final thing. 
Leader HOYER made an announcement 
this summer that we were going to try 
to close votes in a timely fashion. As 
we have just seen, it is virtually impos-
sible to do it with proxy voting because 
these four votes took almost 2 hours to 
complete. 
Given that the business community 
is getting back to normal, we are see-
ing workers return to work. We are 
seeing businesses return to normal op-
erations, and given that the President 
proclaimed that the pandemic is over, 
does the gentleman also expect to end 
proxy voting next week when the cur-
rent covered period ends? 
Mr. JEFFRIES. Well, that is a deci-
sion that ultimately will be made by 
the Speaker, in consultation with 
other members of leadership, but being 
guided by the public health profes-
sionals. The Capitol Physician has 
guided the decision up until this point 
in terms of the public health emer-
gency that we have been under and 
what the appropriate protocols are to 
make sure that we are being respon-
sible. 
Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, I 
think America expects Congress to 
lead, and we are seeing, again, across 
the Nation, people get back to their 
lives, get back to normal. Certainly, 
there are many safe precautions that 
have been taken. 
But clearly, showing up to work is 
something that Americans expect Con-
gress to do, and I just cannot think of 
a reason why Members of this body— 
while we get on airplanes and fly back 
and forth to our districts every week. I 
see so many of our Members on both 
sides of the aisle attending events and 
speaking at various functions and, cer-
tainly, they are not campaigning re-
motely. I can’t think of a reason why 
we wouldn’t do away with proxy voting 
and show up here in the people’s House 
in person. 
Mr. Speaker, I would love to see if 
my colleague from New York has any 
insight into that. 
b 1700 
Mr. JEFFRIES. Well, I think the 
gentleman raises a very important ob-
servation that the American people ex-
pect us to lead. I think during the 117th 
Congress, that is absolutely what has 
been done. 
We have led by passing the American 
Rescue Plan; saved the economy from 
perhaps collapsing into a recession, if 
not worse; put shots in arms, money in 
pockets, kids back in school. We have 
led by passing the Infrastructure In-
vestment and Jobs Act, creating mil-
lions of good-paying jobs, fixing our 
crumbling bridges, roads, and tunnels. 
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman asked 
the question. I am just responding. 
Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, re-
claiming my time. 
We are failing miserably in American 
energy independence, with the rise of 
home heating costs and fuel. We see 
what has happened to our neighbors in 
the European Union. We see the rising 
costs. Certainly, Americans are wor-
ried about that, the rising cost of rent, 
the out-of-control inflation, the exces-
sive government spending. I mean, we 
have that. 
But more importantly, we have our 
communities that are less safe because 
of the crisis at the border. The fentanyl 
crisis that is hitting every single com-
munity. 
I don’t know that we have been lead-
ing. 
I want to, Mr. Speaker, go back to 
the specifics of the question that was 
asked here in terms of leading by show-
ing up to work. I want to see if there is 
any kind of rational reason why we 
shouldn’t show up in person to work. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman 
from New York. 
Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I think, 
one, we have been operating under a 
public health emergency. But in the 
constraints of that, again, following 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
21:45 Oct 04, 2022
Jkt 039060
PO 00000
Frm 00036
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\RECORD22\SEPTEMBER\H22SE2.REC
H22SE2
sradovich on DSKJLST7X2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CORRECTION

 -Page 35-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H8105 
September 22, 2022 
the guidance of the public health pro-
fessionals, that is how we have been op-
erating. 
Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, re-
claiming my time. 
Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I think 
he has yielded the time to me, so I can 
yield it back to him at the appropriate 
time. 
Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, re-
claiming my time. 
The President ended the pandemic, 
declared that it was over. If that is the 
case, shouldn’t we be going back to 
normal, Mr. Speaker? 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gen-
tleman. 
Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, again, 
we are going to follow the public 
health guidance. 
Out of courtesy, we are having this 
colloquy, but we can’t have a colloquy 
if the gentleman is dissatisfied with 
my answers and such that he is consist-
ently not permitting me to respond. I 
will be happy to respond to any ques-
tions if we are going to have a col-
loquy. 
I think what is clear, if the point is, 
are we leading, correct, we are leading. 
As I mentioned, we are leading on the 
American Rescue Plan. We are leading 
on infrastructure investment. We are 
leading on standing up for our vet-
erans, leading on public safety, leading 
on passing gun safety legislation, lead-
ing on—— 
Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, re-
claiming my time. 
Clearly, we see some of these impor-
tant issues differently. Just sticking to 
the main question of proxy voting and 
why Members of Congress should not 
show up to do their job. American busi-
nesses are. We can campaign in person. 
Certainly voting in person seems rea-
sonable to me. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, 
the caucus chair, for his time today 
and for setting the schedule, and I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
CONDITION OF THE FREIGHT RAIL 
INDUSTRY 
(Mr. PAYNE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to highlight the urgent need to 
address freight rail delays. 
Across the Nation, manufacturers 
and farmers are finding it impossible to 
get their goods to market via rail. Rail 
service delays cause disruptions to 
flour and feed mills, livestock pro-
ducers, power companies, and many 
other industries. 
To make freight rail a truly competi-
tive and stable industry, we need to 
make sure that shippers can address 
these service disruptions without gov-
ernment intervention. 
I have introduced the Freight Rail 
Shipping Fair Market Act to establish 
a level playing field for freight rail. My 
subcommittee solicited feedback from 
shippers, the freight rail industry, and 
railway workers. 
Mr. Speaker, I am committed to 
working with Members from both par-
ties, and I encourage all Members to 
work with us to pass this bipartisan 
bill that will help freight railroads, 
their customers, and the American 
consumers. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE ANNIVER-
SARY 
OF 
THE 
HISTORIC 
RE-
SPONSE TO THE SHOOTING IN 
COLLIERVILLE, TENNESSEE 
(Mr. KUSTOFF asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. KUSTOFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to mark the 1-year anniversary 
of a tragedy that stunned our commu-
nity in Collierville, Tennessee. 
On September 23, 2021, a gunman 
opened 
fire 
at 
the 
Kroger 
in 
Collierville, shooting 15 people and 
killing one woman, Olivia King. 
We will never forget the courage of 
the law enforcement officers, fire-
fighters, 
and 
first 
responders 
who 
sprang into action. 
One example: In an extraordinary 
act, Collierville firefighters wore bul-
letproof vests and rushed into the gro-
cery store along with police officers to 
save lives before the active shooter was 
neutralized. 
The quick response of our heroic first 
responders 
truly 
exemplifies 
the 
strength and resilience of the town of 
Collierville. 
We will forever be grateful for the 
men and women who protect and serve 
our communities each and every day. I 
am proud to say that today and always 
we are Collierville strong. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE HONOLULU 
LITTLE LEAGUE 
(Mr. KAHELE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. KAHELE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate the Honolulu 
Little League on winning the 2022 Lit-
tle League World Series. 
This is Hawaii’s fourth Little League 
World Series, and it is a true privilege 
to represent the team, their coaches, 
families, and fans. 
The Honolulu Little League played 
their first season in 1954 and is one of 
the oldest Little League teams in the 
State. This particular team’s character 
and sportsmanship will be remembered 
long after their victory this year. Their 
enthusiasm and love for baseball is 
contagious, and all of Hawaii couldn’t 
stop watching as they hit home runs, 
struck out batters, and invoked the 
mercy rule over their opponents. 
I extend special commendations to 
Coach Gerald Oda, the team’s manager 
and coach. I also congratulate the fam-
ilies of the players who have undoubt-
edly made their own sacrifices to pro-
vide this team with the opportunity to 
succeed. 
This team represents Hawaii’s values 
of unity, teamwork, and resilience. 
These Little Leaguers have become 
role models to our larger community, 
and I am sure the next generation of 
Little League World Champions in Ha-
waii watched this team and will be in-
spired by them. I know I speak for all 
of Hawaii, Mr. Speaker, when I say how 
so very proud we are. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE FIRST BAPTIST 
CHURCH OF CORONA 
(Ms. OCASIO-CORTEZ asked and was 
given permission to address the House 
for 1 minute and to revise and extend 
her remarks.) 
Ms. OCASIO-CORTEZ. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to recognize the First Bap-
tist Church of Corona on its 100th anni-
versary. 
First Baptist is the bedrock of Co-
rona, Queens. It provides a food pantry, 
tax preparation, summer youth em-
ployment, and more. The church’s serv-
ice extends well beyond its congrega-
tion to all of Corona, one of the most 
diverse immigrant communities in the 
world. 
First Baptist is led by Pastor Patrick 
H. Young. Pastor Young’s commitment 
to service is unfailing. When Corona 
became the epicenter of the pandemic 
in early 2020, he and First Baptist com-
munity 
members 
stepped 
up 
the 
church’s food distribution, serving hun-
dreds of families each week. He also 
hosted multiple mobile testing and 
vaccination sites. Now, the church 
seeks to start a medical clinic to help 
their community recover and thrive. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask our colleagues to 
join me in recognizing the First Bap-
tist Church of Corona. In their century 
of service, they have modeled the true 
values of welcoming the stranger and 
loving thy neighbor. It is my privilege 
to represent them. 
f 
PROTECTING MEDICAL 
PROFESSIONALS 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to address the House 
for 1 minute.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as 
we stand here today, there are women 
approaching doctors and nurses with a 
medical condition. Through no fault of 
their own, they need OB/GYN services. 
In the State of Texas, with horrific 
and antiquated and really vicious legis-
lation, the doctors and nurses and med-
ical professionals are made criminals. 
I have introduced H.R. 8838, the 
SHIELD Act, to protect doctors and 
nurses and medical personnel from 
frivolous and dangerous litigation so 
the medical industry can do their job. 
They can do a procedure that a woman 
may need. They can help if a woman is 
in the midst of aborting because of the 
issue of health. They can help women 
who, to save their life, have to have a 
medical procedure if they are pregnant. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:22 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00037
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.055
H22SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 36-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H8106 
September 22, 2022 
They can do their job and the oath 
they have taken. 
I am sad to stand on the floor today 
in 2022 to note we live in a Nation that 
would condemn the healers of our land, 
the ones who helped us in the pan-
demic. 
Support H.R. 8838. Sign on, cosponsor 
it, and let’s protect the medical profes-
sionals. 
f 
ISSUES OF THE DAY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
CARTER
of 
Louisiana). 
Under 
the 
Speaker’s announced policy of January 
4, 2021, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. 
GOHMERT) is recognized for 60 minutes 
as the designee of the minority leader. 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
such time as he may consume to the 
gentleman from Florida (Mr. RUTHER-
FORD). 
BRAIN ANEURYSM AWARENESS MONTH 
Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank my good friend from Texas for 
yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize 
Trinity Love Hoblit and the Hoblit 
family. I rise today to recognize and 
bring to the attention of our country a 
horrible condition. 
Trinity Love Hoblit was born with a 
rare form of primordial dwarfism and 
at age 9 was diagnosed with multiple 
brain aneurysms. Despite undergoing 
numerous surgeries to treat and pre-
vent future symptoms, Trinity suffered 
a fatal aneurysm on June 30, 2015, at 
only 14 years of age. 
Throughout her young life, Trinity 
underwent a variety of medical treat-
ments, leading to several hospital vis-
its. Her mother remembers that during 
those 
long 
hospital 
stays, 
Trinity 
would always think of the other chil-
dren first. It was her love for others 
and her desire to make a difference 
within her community that now lives 
on through the foundation in her name. 
In 2016, Olivia and Phil Hoblit estab-
lished the Trinity Love Hoblit Founda-
tion, located in Amelia Island, Florida. 
It is for the purpose of raising aware-
ness, support, and funding for neuro-
logical research, training, and treat-
ment for those like Trinity who suffer 
from brain aneurysms and other cere-
brovascular conditions. 
Most recently, the foundation began 
research on determining if medical his-
tory and genetic markers increase a 
person’s risk of developing these brain 
aneurysms. 
b 1715 
Brain aneurysms affect an estimated 
30,000 Americans each year and can 
occur at any age and without any pre-
existing conditions. 
Brain Aneurysm Awareness Month, 
this month, is a time to raise aware-
ness for the signs and symptoms that 
can help with early detection, like: 
Severe headaches, 
Pain above one or both eyes, 
Blurred or double vision, 
Difficulty speaking or swallowing, 
A numbness or weakness on one side 
of the body, and 
Painful seizures. 
These are all signs that can be symp-
toms and help with early detection. 
Thanks to higher levels of awareness 
and research developments, we are one 
step closer to finding a cure. 
On behalf of Florida’s Fourth Con-
gressional District, I thank Olivia and 
Phil Hoblit and the Trinity Love 
Hoblit Foundation for their lifesaving 
work in northeast Florida and across 
the country. 
MAKING HOMEOWNERSHIP MORE ACCESSIBLE TO 
HEROES 
Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, as 
inflation takes a toll on families 
throughout our Nation and housing 
costs soar, many of our first responders 
and educators struggle to find afford-
able homes in the communities that 
they serve. 
For this reason, I introduced H.R. 
3172, the HELPER Act, which would es-
tablish a new one-time-use home loan 
program for law enforcement officers, 
firefighters, EMTs, paramedics, and 
pre-K–12 teachers. 
Modeled after the successful VA 
home loan program, the HELPER Act 
would make homeownership more ac-
cessible to our local heroes by remov-
ing the downpayment and mortgage in-
surance premium requirements that 
can put homeownership just out of 
reach. 
The HELPER Act has strong bipar-
tisan, bicameral support from over 90 
Members in both Houses of Congress 
and more than 225 different organiza-
tions across the country, including 108 
mayors from different cities around the 
country. 
As we all know, everything is more 
expensive these days, and the HELPER 
Act would prevent our first responders 
and educators from being priced out of 
home buying in the very communities 
they are sworn to protect. 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
my friend from Florida for those words 
and comfort that they will hopefully 
bring. 
I think most Americans, especially 
those that knew anybody who fought 
for our country in Afghanistan, are 
aware of how poorly things went a year 
ago when the Biden administration, it 
appeared, tried to emulate the disas-
trous leaving of Vietnam when so much 
was left behind, including our allies. 
Like in Vietnam, allies were left 
there, many of whom were killed. Of 
course, 13 of our servicemen were 
killed that never should have been and 
did not need to be if we had left prop-
erly, as some of our Northern Alliance 
allies, a part of the Afghan people who 
fought for us and with us beginning in 
October 2001, about a month after 9/11— 
many died fighting for us and with us. 
We helped provide them weapons, and 
we had about 300 or so Special Oper-
ations people who were embedded with 
them, and they took the fight to the 
Taliban. Within 6 months, there was no 
organized Taliban left in Afghanistan. 
Some of them fled to Pakistan or other 
surrounding countries, but they had 
been defeated with the great help of 
General Dostum, who was the com-
mander who was the overall com-
mander of the Afghan forces fighting 
against the Taliban. 
President Biden and his advisers, for 
whatever reason, decided it was better 
to leave tens of billions of dollars of 
equipment and weapons for our en-
emies to use against our allies and 
probably one day use against the 
United States itself. 
We saw this kind of disastrous exit 
from Vietnam. An estimated 2 million 
or so people who helped us and were 
sympathetic to us were killed in 
Southeast Asia. I just thought surely 
we would never be that stupid and that 
callous to allow allies to be harmed 
like that. 
I met with some of our Northern Alli-
ance allies, along with a few other 
Members of Congress, numerous times. 
Of course, there was the great Afghan 
hero of the war between Afghanistan 
and Russia. Unfortunately, our intel-
ligence agencies here in the U.S. did 
not pick up on the importance of Shah 
Massoud, Lion of Panjshir, being assas-
sinated by the Taliban within a day, 
day-and-a-half or so of 9/11 about to 
occur. Had they been awake and not 
asleep at what was going on, they 
would have anticipated the Taliban 
was about to do something to cause 
great harm to the United States. 
They knew once we realized that the 
attack originated from Afghanistan 
that we would be coming and looking 
for allies, and we would certainly want 
Massoud and his brother and all those 
others who wanted the Taliban gone, 
we would be using them and working 
with them to eliminate the Taliban. 
So, the Taliban eliminated that great 
Afghan hero before 9/11. 
In numerous meetings with our Af-
ghan allies for a decade or more, going 
back to the Obama administration 
days, they were telling a few of us: 
Look, we know you have to leave at 
some point. We know that. But what 
we are begging is that you help us 
amend 
the 
Constitution 
that 
you 
forced on us. We like it; it is based on 
sharia law. But this is a country that is 
perfectly suited for the federalist sys-
tem where you have so much power in 
your country in the States and our 
country, they said, in the provinces. 
But right now, the Constitution that 
you gave us, forced on us, the Presi-
dent appoints the governors, the may-
ors, the chiefs of police, and it is a sys-
tem made for corruption. 
It sounded to me like the way things 
were going over there, the times I went 
to Afghanistan, and you are hearing 
the reports of what was going on, 
whether it was Karzai or Ghani, that 
they may well have taken a great deal 
of money, like the old Roman days, and 
whoever gave the most money would 
get the best governorship. 
They were appointing governors that 
didn’t even live in the province that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:22 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00038
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.057
H22SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 37-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H8107 
September 22, 2022 
they were going to be governor over. 
They were not allowed to have militias 
like they wanted, as Zia Massoud told 
me more than once in trips to meet 
with them. 
In fact, the Obama administration 
did not want me meeting with our al-
lies. They did what they could to keep 
me from meeting with our allies, even 
though the Obama administration basi-
cally threw them to the curb and was 
anxious 
to 
work 
deals 
with 
the 
Taliban. 
In fact, the colonel there at the Em-
bassy in Afghanistan, I told him that I 
have a meeting with Massoud, Dostum, 
numerous of our allies, and he said: We 
can’t let you do that. 
I said: I am not asking you for a ride. 
Massoud is sending a vehicle, and they 
will make sure that I am protected. 
They are not going to let me be killed 
because they want to protect the rela-
tionship. 
The colonel said: Well, we are not au-
thorized to let you do that. 
I said: You see the gate over there? 
When the car gets here, I am going to 
get in that car, and I am going to go 
meet with our allies. I know the Obama 
administration has rejected any type of 
relationship with those people that 
fought for us and with us, who lost 
family members, but I am going to go 
meet with the allies that have sac-
rificed so much to help us, help both of 
us. 
Well, they ended up getting a car, 
and I was told before the vehicle that 
Massoud was sending: Will you let 
Massoud know we are going to bring 
you there? 
Michele Bachmann went out there 
with me. She had not met them before. 
MIKE BURGESS went out there. 
But all they wanted was for us to 
help them fix the Constitution we 
forced on them. They needed a fed-
eralist form of government, and that is 
what they said: If you will help us get 
that, we can elect our own governors, 
and we can elect our own mayors, pick 
our own police chiefs. Then, each prov-
ince will have a militia because when 
you leave, the Taliban is going to try 
to take back over, and then they will 
eventually want to hit you again. But 
if we are allowed to elect our own gov-
ernors and mayors, we will be able to 
have a militia in each province. So, 
when you leave, then we will be able to 
band together and whip the Taliban 
again. But if you leave it like it is and 
keep negotiating with the Taliban— 
which the Obama administration had 
been doing basically the whole admin-
istration—then we are all going to be 
killed. Then they will hit you again, 
and then you will want to come back 
to Afghanistan and try to find allies, 
but we will all be dead, and no one will 
be crazy enough to help you again. So, 
just help us elect our own governors. 
I said: What makes you think we can 
help you get your Constitution amend-
ed? It is your Constitution now. 
He said: You are paying most of our 
government’s annual budget, so if you 
say the Constitution needs to be 
amended or we are not going to pay 
this year’s budget for you, then it will 
be amended, and we will be able to pro-
tect ourselves from the Taliban when-
ever it is that you leave. 
I know Secretary Pompeo also nego-
tiated with the Taliban, but there is no 
way President Trump would have ever 
allowed our troops to leave and leave 
tens of billions of dollars’ worth of 
equipment for our enemy to someday 
use against us. He wouldn’t do that. 
b 1730 
And on the other hand, the Taliban 
knew that if they did anything to our 
folks during a projected move of com-
ing back to the United States that 
President Trump would bomb them 
back to the Stone Age so they would 
not have done what they did. They per-
ceived America to be weak under this 
administration, and we lost 13 soldiers, 
military members that should never 
have been lost. 
So as if that wasn’t enough damage, 
I see this article, I just saw it today, it 
is dated September 12 by Daniel Green-
field. It says: ‘‘White House Democrats 
have a history of fighting against ter-
ror victims suing Islamic terrorists. 
The 
Obama 
administration 
battled 
American terror victims suing the 
PLO. In 2015, after they won a $218 mil-
lion judgment against the terror group, 
Blinken, then only a Deputy Secretary 
of State, intervened claiming that the 
lawsuit threatened ‘several decades of 
U.S. foreign policy.’ 
‘‘But now Biden is fighting 9/11 vic-
tims’’—that is American victims—‘‘on 
behalf of the Taliban.’’ 
We have this administration helping 
the Taliban fight in court against 9/11 
victims. The rhetorical question arises 
to the Biden administration: Whose 
side are you on? You are helping the 
Taliban. 
The article goes on: ‘‘At stake are 
billions’’ of dollars ‘‘being held by the 
Afghan central bank fund in the United 
States. 
‘‘A decade ago, 9/11 families sued the 
Taliban, al-Qaida, and Iran. The court 
found that the Islamic terrorists were 
responsible and a judgment of $6 billion 
was handed down.’’ That is for the 9/11 
families. 
‘‘The verdict was described as ‘sym-
bolic’ at the time. CBS News com-
mented that ‘it would be near impos-
sible to collect any damages, especially 
from the Taliban or al-Qaida.’ But that 
was before Biden turned over Afghani-
stan to the Taliban. Since Afghanistan 
has assets in this country’’—in the 
U.S.—‘‘including $7 billion in bank 
funds, it’s now entirely possible to col-
lect that . . . ‘’ $7 billion, or it would 
be if the guy who let the Taliban take 
over wasn’t also in the White House. 
‘‘Biden officially announced that he 
was splitting the $7 billion between the 
families of the victims and a ‘trust 
fund’ to provide ‘humanitarian aid’ for 
the people of Afghanistan.’’ 
In other words, we are going to help 
the Taliban out to make the people of 
Afghanistan 
feel 
better 
about 
the 
Taliban being in charge. That is what 
is going on here. 
Biden officially announced that he 
was going to make that split. 
‘‘The $3.5 billion was placed in a sepa-
rate trust that would be ‘separate and 
distinct’ from the around $800 million 
the Biden administration has already 
spent on aid to Afghanistan. Officials 
admitted that the money could actu-
ally be used for matters other than ‘hu-
manitarian aid.’’’ 
In other words, it could be used to 
help the Taliban itself, the people that 
killed 3,000 or so Americans on 9/11, the 
worst attack on American soil in 
American history, and this administra-
tion is making sure they get billions of 
dollars. 
The article goes on: ‘‘The media 
headlined it as, ‘Biden frees frozen Af-
ghan billions for relief, 9/11 victims.’ 
But a Biden official admitted that it 
was done to stop 9/11 families from get-
ting access to the money.’’ 
‘‘As a Lawfare blog post noted, ‘the 
administration’s . . . ‘’—talking about 
the 
Biden 
administration’s—‘‘’ 
. . . 
plan would insulate nearly half of the 
Afghan assets at issue from these at-
tachment efforts. 
‘‘What Biden actually did was take 
the money off the table for the 9/11 vic-
tims. And it got worse. 
‘‘Secretary of State Blinken claimed 
that the administration ‘will continue 
to support these victims and their fam-
ilies, recognizing the enduring pain 
they have suffered at the hands of ter-
rorists, including those who operated 
from Afghanistan prior to the Sep-
tember 11 attacks. These victims and 
their families should have a full oppor-
tunity to set forth their arguments in 
court.’’’ This article says: ‘‘Blinken, 
like his boss, lied.’’ 
‘‘While the 9/11 families would have 
their claims ‘heard in court,’ neither 
Biden nor Blinken mentioned that the 
administration would be advocating 
against . . . ‘’ these 9/11 victims. 
‘‘On the same day as Biden’s execu-
tive order reserving $3.5 billion for the 
terrorists, his Justice Department filed 
a statement of interest in court argu-
ing that the judgment for the victims 
of terrorism was too large and that ac-
tually turning over the money’’—the 
$3.5 billion—‘‘to them’’—or all $7 bil-
lion to them—‘‘would interfere with 
the Biden administration’s foreign pol-
icy in Afghanistan.’’ 
Like we have a policy in Afghani-
stan? No. All the rare Earth minerals, 
the things that could have paid us back 
for ridding the Afghan people of the 
Taliban, well, not only were they al-
lowed to come back and take over, but 
they made deals with China to let them 
have the rare Earth minerals. In other 
words, this administration just expo-
nentially magnified the loss in life, as-
sets, and money that they lost for 
America. 
‘‘Now a magistrate judge has re-
peated back most of the DOJ’s argu-
ments, ruling against the 9/11 families 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:22 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00039
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.058
H22SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 38-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H8108 
September 22, 2022 
who were laying claim to the other half 
of the money. Judge Sarah Netburn’s 
arguments closely mirror the con-
tradictory positions of Biden and the 
DOJ. And they reveal the underlying 
corruption behind the ambiguous sta-
tus of Afghanistan’s central bank. 
‘‘Netburn, like the Biden administra-
tion, contends that the Afghanistan 
bank enjoys ‘sovereign immunity’ be-
cause the country itself was not sanc-
tioned as a terrorist state, only the 
Taliban were. And that the Taliban 
once again control Afghanistan is irrel-
evant, according to the judge, because 
Biden hasn’t recognized the reality 
that this is actually the case. 
‘‘Banks don’t enjoy ‘sovereign immu-
nity’ and neither do the Taliban. 
Netburn and Biden act as if there were 
some entity representing Afghanistan 
that is not the Taliban. That position 
might make sense if they were backing 
a resistance movement to the Taliban. 
But they are not.’’ 
It was sad enough that this adminis-
tration’s mishandling of negotiating— 
we should have been negotiating with 
our allies to leave the country in their 
hands with an amended constitution. 
Instead, we left it in the hands of our 
enemies. 
As some of our allies there have said, 
the day will come when the Taliban 
will hit America again. Next time it 
will be harder. They have got more 
money. They have got tens of billions 
of American assets to utilize or sell 
and use the money, but the difference 
will be this time after America loses 
thousands of lives at the hands of the 
Taliban and America comes to Afghan-
istan seeking allies to help them defeat 
the Taliban, as we did in 2001 and 2002, 
we will all be dead, those of us who 
were America’s allies, and no one will 
be stupid enough to trust the United 
States again. What a tragic, horrific 
blunder by this administration. 
Now, the exit was the blunder, but 
turning against the 9/11 victims’ fami-
lies, that is not a blunder. That is very 
intentional by this administration. 
Being much more helpful and sympa-
thetic to the Taliban, who were terror-
ists that hit this country, and have 
never apologized and will never apolo-
gize, instead of standing against them 
and making sure they never commit 
terrorist acts again, this administra-
tion wants to be sure they get billions 
of dollars; like the Obama administra-
tion was ensuring that Iran got the 
largest state sponsor of terrorism. So I 
guess at least we can say that is a good 
thing. This administration, the Biden 
administration, is at least being con-
sistent with the Obama administra-
tion. 
The Obama administration helped 
the Taliban. The Obama administra-
tion did not help the 9/11 families. Now, 
the Biden administration is working 
against the 9/11 families, and they are 
actually helping the Taliban with more 
money than the Taliban has ever had. 
An amazing development. 
If things don’t get turned around 
soon where we have a wiser administra-
tion next time with Republicans in the 
majority come January that helps get 
back to using more common sense, 
then this will be a horrific chapter in 
the book rise and fall of the United 
States of America and how we helped 
our enemy ultimately destroy our-
selves because of some misguided, hair-
brained idea that you can give your 
enemy billions of dollars, give them 
tens of billions of dollars of military 
equipment and weapons and think you 
were going to come out just fine on the 
other side. 
I want to address some energy issues. 
This article from NPR, August 25, re-
ports that ‘‘California is poised to set a 
2035 deadline for all new cars, trucks, 
and SUVs sold in the State to be pow-
ered by electricity or hydrogen, an am-
bitious step that will reshape the U.S. 
car market by speeding the transition 
to more climate-friendly vehicles.’’ 
b 1745 
It is a long article, but it does not 
deal with the reality that we are al-
ready seeing take place as this admin-
istration and people in some States are 
demanding to get rid of all fossil fuel 
immediately and quickly, but China 
will continue to own hundreds of coal- 
powered plants. Unfortunately, China 
doesn’t utilize the scrubbers and things 
that allow American coal plants to 
have much more clean operation in 
producing electricity. 
In fact, I have heard experts and peo-
ple with whom we have consulted say 
there will be so much pollution coming 
from China that even if the U.S. to-
tally eliminated every single coal 
plant, the air would not be improved 
because of all of the pollution that will 
be coming our way from China. 
My good friend, THOMAS MASSIE, has 
more patents than anybody in the 
House or Senate. Even though he got 
an MIT education, he is a brilliant guy. 
THOMAS MASSIE has pointed out that 
actually plugging in one electric vehi-
cle is about the equivalent of plugging 
in 17 refrigerators, and this administra-
tion wants everybody to start buying 
electric vehicles, so everybody has 
electric vehicles and the sooner the 
better. 
But the fact is that even if half of the 
cars that run on fossil fuel now were 
replaced immediately with electric ve-
hicles, then first of all, we would end 
up causing no telling how many chil-
dren around the world to be used as 
slave labor more than are being used 
right now in order to gather and mine 
the lithium and the things that are 
needed to produce electric cars. 
And we won’t even bother to talk 
about right now the massive problem 
in dealing with that many batteries 
with all that lithium and what will be 
done with all of that. We don’t know. 
We are just going headlong into trying 
to have all electric vehicles. 
Mr. Speaker, you can’t make an elec-
tric vehicle right now—not one that is 
any good—unless you use fossil fuel. 
And you have to have natural gas as 
feedstock to make so many of the prod-
ucts that are used in the vehicles. I 
guess you could do like Fred Flintstone 
and have one made out of stone and 
wood. 
Why would this administration want 
to take us back to the Stone Age? 
It seems some of these policies are 
determined to do that. 
In fact, here is an article from The 
Epoch Times: ‘‘States to Ban Gas-Pow-
ered Cars Despite EVs’ Human, Envi-
ronmental Costs’’. 
It was written by Katie Spence on 
September 12. 
She points out some of these hidden 
costs that I have been alluding to, she 
says, ‘‘According to politicians like 
Newsom and President Joe Biden, elec-
tric vehicles, or EVs, are ‘zero emis-
sion’ because they use lithium-ion bat-
teries—consisting of lithium, cobalt, 
graphite, and other materials—instead 
of gas. 
‘‘Thus, starting in 2035, California 
will ban gas-powered vehicle sales, 
while several other States plan to fol-
low suit, citing that as a goal and ‘crit-
ical milestone in our climate fight’. 
‘‘Additionally, according to a state-
ment from Biden, banning gas-powered 
vehicles will ‘save consumers money, 
cut pollution, boost public health, ad-
vance environmental justice, and tack-
le the climate crisis’. 
‘‘John Hadder, director of the Great 
Basin 
Resource 
Watch, 
disagrees, 
pointing out to The Epoch Times that 
‘industrial’ nations might benefit from 
the transition to EVs, but it’s at the 
expense of all others. 
‘‘ ‘This expansion of [lithium] mining 
will have immediate consequences for 
front-line communities that are taking 
the ‘‘hit’’ ’. 
‘‘For example, Copiapo, the capital of 
Chile’s Atacama region, is the location 
of one of the world’s largest known 
lithium reserves. 
‘‘ ‘We used to have a river before, 
that now doesn’t exist. There isn’t a 
drop of water,’ Elena Rivera Cardoso, 
president of the Indigenous Colla com-
munity of the Copiapo commune, told 
the National Resources Defense Coun-
cil. 
‘‘She added that all of Chile’s water 
is disappearing because of the local 
lithium mine. 
‘‘ ‘In all of Chile, there are rivers and 
lakes that have disappeared—all be-
cause a company has a lot more right 
to water than we do as human beings 
or citizens of Chile.’ 
‘‘In 
collaboration 
with 
Cardoso’s 
statement, the Institute for Energy Re-
search reports that 65 percent of the 
area’s limited water resources are con-
sumed by mining activities. 
‘‘That’s displacing indigenous com-
munities who have called Atacama 
home for more than 6,000 years, be-
cause 
farmers 
and 
ranchers 
have 
cracked, dry soil, and no choice but to 
abandon their ancestral settlements, 
according to the U.N. Conference on 
Trade and Development.’’ 
Now that is so interesting. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:22 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00040
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.060
H22SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 39-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H8109 
September 22, 2022 
But where is the compassion? 
We are so determined to have electric 
vehicles so that we can say to the 
world that we are cleaning up the 
world when we are not cleaning up the 
world. We are making the world a dis-
astrous place so that woke liberals 
here in America can think that all is 
right with the world when actually 
they have put children into slave labor 
by creating this market causing coun-
tries to dry up like Chile. 
It is rather tragic, and people who 
mean well and think they are doing 
great need to understand the damage 
they are doing to the planet and to 
people who don’t live in Martha’s Vine-
yard. 
Another issue that is particularly 
troublesome, Mr. Speaker, we have had 
a bipartisan effort in this body to work 
and to fight to stop genital mutilation. 
Yet now, after years of working to-
gether and trying to stop such a hor-
rendous practice, we now have people 
who claim to be exceedingly liberal and 
caring, and they are pushing to have 
little children’s genitalia mutilated, 
cut off, and eliminated and have those 
children take puberty blockers that 
will likely stunt their growth, make 
them infertile, and destroy the wonder 
that would have been their lives with-
out the so-called caring people pushing 
them to destroy their bodies. 
According to the most extensive 
study ever done by people who have 
been through sex change surgery, the 
Swedish Institute followed people who 
had been through sex change surgery 
for 30 years. And what was the most 
disturbing to me of the result of that 
30-year study was that if you have sex 
change surgery, Mr. Speaker, you are 
20 times more likely to kill yourself, to 
take your own life. 
We had a press conference. 
MARJORIE TAYLOR GREENE has a bill 
that would stop this kind of outrageous 
abuse of children. 
You see, Mr. Speaker, my back-
ground, I have been a prosecutor, and I 
have been a litigator. I have been a fel-
ony judge and a chief justice before 
coming to Congress. I am quite famil-
iar with the laws of Texas and Federal 
laws. Most States have very similar 
laws because we have advanced so as a 
people that we have understood that 
children need to grow up in innocence. 
It is so much more productive. 
Some have felt that it may well be 
that Americans have been the most in-
genious and most productive in cre-
ating new inventions and that our pat-
ent system before it got screwed up in 
recent years by Congress encouraged 
individual inventors to come up with 
new things. But I have read indications 
that some people believe it is because 
we encourage children to use their 
imagination in growing up, and they 
have developed more imagination. 
Now we have got some people who 
think they are do-gooders, but they en-
courage genital mutilation of a child 
that can never be fixed. Oh, Mr. Speak-
er, you can do a transition back, but it 
is so devastating. It is horrific. 
That is supposed to be an advanced 
civilization doing this to children? 
The studies, and Dr. PAUL McHugh— 
who was the head of psychiatry at 
Johns Hopkins, which is the first hos-
pital in America to do sex change sur-
geries back in the sixties—points out 
that it is child abuse to give puberty 
blockers because of the adverse effects 
on the body to then do gender mutila-
tion. 
Mr. Speaker, I presided over criminal 
felony trials. Even if someone under-
age, a child, or a minor consents, the 
laws have made clear we recognize they 
are not mentally and judgmentally ma-
ture enough to give consent for any-
body to do anything with their private 
areas. 
I have sent lots of people to prison. 
So if an adult takes advantage of their 
immaturity, people have been sent to 
prison for that all over America. And 
the huge majority of Americans agree 
that it was the right thing to do when 
they sexually abuse a child, even if the 
child consented, because we know they 
are not mature enough to give legiti-
mate consent. 
Yet we have adults who should be 
mature enough to say, you are not 
going to touch this child’s body. 
They have to come of age, the age of 
majority, and make their own informed 
decision and give their own informed 
consent. 
No one else should ever be able to do 
that in their place because these kids 
are the ones who have to live with 
their bodies for the rest of their lives, 
even though they are 20 times more 
likely to kill themselves because of 
what the adult gave consent for them 
to do. 
I am hoping at some point there will 
be laws in every State and through 
Congress that we will do, as we have 
done with sexual assault of a child 
laws, where most States, if not all, 
that I am aware of, say we are going to 
extend the statute of limitations to a 
certain number of years past the time 
when they would become adults. 
b 1800 
So that if any adult gave permission 
for someone to have perfectly func-
tioning organs removed, changed, pu-
berty blockers, and the child later feels 
that was an assault, then let them sue 
within those extra years of statute of 
limitations. I think it would be a good 
idea to do something like that. 
Adults should not have the right to 
consent to destroying or harming a 
child’s body, and especially when it 
makes it 20 times more likely they will 
take their own life because of what 
some adult did on behalf of the child. 
Well, we had a young lady named 
Chloe Cole, a beautiful person, she is 
18. Actually, this article by Christine 
Buttons from The Daily Wire, Sep-
tember 20, talked about the press con-
ference we had. 
It 
says: 
‘‘An 
18-year-old 
detransitioned woman gave a powerful 
testimony on Tuesday against the ‘gen-
der affirming’ model of care that led to 
her irreversible medical transition as 
an adolescent. 
‘‘Chloe Cole spoke at a press con-
ference in front of the’’—it was in front 
of the Capitol—‘‘in support of Rep-
resentative 
MARJORIE
TAYLOR 
GREENE’s new bill, the Protect Chil-
dren’s Innocence Act, that aims to 
shield minors from assessing the per-
manent body- and life-altering medical 
treatments that they may later come 
to regret.’’ 
Chloe said: ‘‘ ‘How did we get to the 
point where nearly every pediatric in-
stitution in the country considers it 
best practice to remove the healthy 
breast tissue of children while admin-
istering drugs typically used to chemi-
cally castrate high-risk sex offenders?’ 
Cole said of the widespread acceptance 
of radical gender theory in medicine 
driving ‘gender-affirming care,’ which 
effectively puts children in the driver’s 
seat to dictate the terms of their own 
sex change. 
‘‘ ‘I believe Americans deserve to 
know the truth about this radical and 
perverse ideology, marketed as nec-
essary and ‘‘live-saving’’ healthcare,’ 
said Cole. Cole opened her speech with 
a chilling statistic.’’ 
She said, ‘‘ ‘Over the past decade, 
there has been as high as a 4,000 per-
cent increase in children being referred 
to so-called ‘‘gender clinics’’ across the 
United States. I was one of these chil-
dren.’ A recent UCLA survey found 
that the number of trans-identified 
teens has doubled in the last 5 years to 
about 300,000 in the United States, 
while the rates of adults identifying as 
transgender have remained the same. 
According to the Gender Mapping 
Project, only a handful of pediatric 
gender clinics existed in the United 
States a decade ago. Now over 200 have 
spawned to meet the growing demand 
of 
adolescents 
who 
identify 
as 
transgender seeking medical transi-
tion.’’ 
I read an article that the former head 
of psychiatry at Johns Hopkins had 
written, pointing out that 80 percent of 
children, boys and girls, who identify 
or seem to have gender dysphoria—is 
what it is now called in the Diagnostic 
Statistical Manual-V. 
Dysphoria—if you look it up—it 
means confusion, sort of an antonym 
to euphoria. People are encouraging 
people to become more and more gen-
der-confused. 
Dr. McHugh pointed out about 80 per-
cent of those who have confusion about 
their gender growing up, if they never 
have counseling, they never have some 
do-gooder adult encouraging them to 
have their genitalia mutilated and 
their life shortened, and perhaps most 
likely a good chance of infertility, that 
if they are just left alone, go through 
childhood, 80 percent transition into 
exactly what they are biologically 
without any problems whatsoever. 
Yet, we have people in this country 
that want to create laws against any-
body allowing a child to go through 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:22 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00041
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.062
H22SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 40-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H8110 
September 22, 2022 
childhood and then adjust, and not 
have the physical horrors that these 
surgeries cause. 
I was deeply moved by Chloe Cole. 
She is a beautiful person. She was very 
unfortunate in having people think 
they knew better and encouraging her 
to take steps that she should not have 
taken, as she will tell you now. 
We are supposed to be the ones that 
are mature and help children avoid 
going through horrors, and, yet, we 
have even got States passing laws— 
don’t you dare help this child. Let’s 
help the child go through genital muti-
lation, even though it will be his or her 
body. 
As Dr. McHugh has pointed out and 
studies have pointed out, you can go 
through sex change surgery or gender 
reassignment surgery—whatever you 
want 
to 
call 
it—DNA-wise, 
bio-
logically, you are still the same gender 
you were before the surgery, and your 
DNA will remain the same. 
Now, who knows, I read a Swedish 
study this year about the mRNA vac-
cines. It was interesting, it says there 
is radiation at the point of the injec-
tion, and more radiation found in the 
liver after the vaccination with the 
mRNA vaccines. But the study docu-
mented that they found that the 
mRNA ends up going to the liver and 
rewriting the body’s DNA for them. We 
don’t know where all that is going to 
end up, but it certainly doesn’t appear 
to be going a good direction. 
I have got no problem with people 
continuing to get the vaccinations and 
the boosters, I think that is fine, so 
long as the wonderful doctrine that we 
developed making healthcare better 
than it has been in the history of the 
world, called informed consent. 
That doctrine that requires that a 
physician or healthcare provider advise 
the patient of all the potential risks of 
a 
vaccination, 
treatment, 
surgery, 
whatever, and then letting them talk 
to their doctor and making their own 
mind up about whether or not to go 
through with it. 
If we could do that, and I would sub-
mit, also allow the healthcare pro-
viders and the pharmaceuticals to be 
liable for any damage that they cause 
if they don’t allow informed consent 
and allow the individual to make up 
his or her mind, unless it is a minor. 
We don’t allow minors to make deci-
sions normally unless it is in the sick 
area of genital mutilation that I was 
just talking about. 
If pharmaceuticals are that excited 
about continuing to make tens of bil-
lions of dollars providing vaccinations, 
vaccines, great, just stand good for 
whatever damages you cause. It sure 
seems like that would be the right 
thing to do. 
I won’t have time to get to it, but 
this article from Jennifer Margulis and 
Joe Wang, The Epoch Times, Sep-
tember 10, the headline is, ‘‘’Unethical’ 
and up to 98 Times Worse Than the Dis-
ease: Top Scientists Publish Paradigm- 
Shifting Study About COVID–19 Vac-
cines.’’ 
It points out the boosters for young 
people may cause 18 to 98 actual seri-
ous adverse events for each COVID–19 
infection-related hospitalization theo-
retically prevented. So for each hos-
pitalization prevented, they are saying 
18 to 98 actual serious consequences to 
the body will result. 
It is going to be an interesting week 
next week. I look forward to seeing 
what more damage that Congress can 
do to our economy, to our country. I 
hope that people, Mr. Speaker, will let 
their Members of Congress know what 
they agree with and what they disagree 
with. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED 
Lisa P. Grant, Deputy Clerk of the 
House, reported and found truly an en-
rolled bill of the House of the following 
title, which was thereupon signed by 
the Speaker: 
H.R. 5577. An act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located 
at 3900 Crown Road Southwest in Atlanta, 
Georgia, as the ‘‘ John R. Lewis Post Office 
Building’’. 
Kevin F. McCumber, Deputy Clerk of 
the House, further reported and found 
truly an enrolled bill of the House of 
the following title, which was there-
upon signed by the Speaker 
H.R. 6899. An act to prohibit the Secretary 
of the Treasury from engaging in trans-
actions involving the exchange of Special 
Drawing issued by the International Mone-
tary Fund that are held by the Russian Fed-
eration or Belarus. 
f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILL SIGNED 
The Speaker announced her signa-
ture to an enrolled bill of the Senate of 
the following title: 
S. 3895.—An act to extend and authorize 
annual appropriations for the United States 
Commission on International Religious Free-
dom through fiscal year 2024. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 1 of House Resolution 
1230, the House stands adjourned until 
10 a.m., Monday, September 26, 2022. 
Thereupon (at 6 o’clock and 14 min-
utes p.m.), under its previous order, the 
House adjourned until Monday, Sep-
tember 26, 2022, at 10 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the 
Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
EC–5288. A letter from the Regulations Co-
ordinator, Centers for Disease Control and 
Prevention, 
Department 
of 
Health 
and 
Human Services, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s Major final rule — Rescinding Re-
quirement 
for 
Negative 
Pre-Departure 
COVID-19 Test Result or Documentation of 
Recovery from COVID-19 for All Airline or 
Other Aircraft Passengers Arriving Into the 
United States From Any Foreign Country re-
ceived June 14, 2022, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. 
EC–5289. A letter from the Assistant Gen-
eral Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and 
Energy Efficiency, Office of Energy Effi-
ciency and Renewable Energy, Department 
of Energy, transmitting the Department’s 
final rule — Energy Conservation Program: 
Final Determination of Miscellaneous Gas 
Products as a Covered Consumer Product 
[EERE-2021-BT-DET-0034] (RIN: 1904-AF30) 
received September 14, 2022, pursuant to 5 
U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-
ergy and Commerce. 
EC–5290. A letter from the Assistant Gen-
eral Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and 
Energy Efficiency, Office of Energy Effi-
ciency and Renewable Energy, Department 
of Energy, transmitting the Department’s 
final rule — Energy Conservation Program: 
Test Procedures for General Service Fluores-
cent Lamps, Incandescent Reflector Lamps, 
and General Service Incandescent Lamps 
[EERE-2017-BT-TP-0011] (RIN: 1904-AD85) re-
ceived September 14, 2022, pursuant to 5 
U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-
ergy and Commerce. 
EC–5291. A letter from the Deputy Chief, 
Public Safety and Homeland Security Bu-
reau, Federal Communications Commission, 
transmitting the Commission’s final rule — 
Resilient Networks [PS Docket No.: 21-346] 
Amendments to Part 4 of the Commission’s 
Rules Concerning Disruptions to Commu-
nications [PS Docket No.: 15-80] New Part 4 
of the Commission’s Rules Concerning Dis-
ruptions to Communications [ET Docket 
No.: 04-35] received September 13, 2022, pursu-
ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 
121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee 
on Energy and Commerce. 
EC–5292. A letter from the Director, Office 
of Congressional Affairs, U.S. Nuclear Regu-
latory Commission, transmitting the Com-
mission’s guide — Insider Mitigation Pro-
gram, Regulatory Guide 5.77, Revision 1 re-
ceived September 12, 2022, pursuant to 5 
U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-
ergy and Commerce. 
EC–5293. A letter from the General Coun-
sel, National Indian Gaming Commission, 
transmitting the Commission’s final rule — 
Facility License Notifications (RIN: 3141- 
AA76) received September 13, 2022, pursuant 
to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, 
Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on 
Natural Resources. 
EC–5294. A letter from the Chairman, Ad-
ministrative 
Conference 
of 
the 
United 
States, transmitting the Conference’s notice 
— Adoption of Recommendations received 
September 13, 2022, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judici-
ary. 
EC–5295. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class E 
Airspace; Greenwood, SC [Docket No.: FAA- 
2022-0432; Airspace Docket No. 22-ASO-5] 
(RIN: 2120-AA66) received September 30, 2022, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture. 
EC–5296. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Amendment to United 
States Area Navigation Route (RNAV) T-227; 
Fairbanks, AK [Docket No.: FAA-2021-0811; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:40 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00042
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.064
H22SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 41-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H8111 
September 22, 2022 
Airspace Docket No. 19-AAL-60] (RIN: 2120- 
AA66) received August 30, 2022, pursuant to 5 
U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC–5297. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class E 
Airspace; Fort Dodge, IA [Docket No.: FAA- 
2022-1006; Airspace Docket No.: 22-ACE-15] 
(RIN: 2120-AA66) received August 30, 2022, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture. 
EC–5298. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class D 
and Class E Airspace and Establishment of 
Class E Airspace; Columbia, MO [Docket No.: 
FAA-2022-0694; Airspace Docket No.: 22-ACE- 
12] (RIN: 2120-AA66) received August 30, 2022, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture. 
EC–5299. A letter from the Chief Counsel, 
Office of Chief Counsel, Department of 
Homeland Security, transmitting the De-
partment’s final rule — Public Assistance 
Program’s 
Simplified 
Procedures 
Large 
Project Threshold [Docket ID: FEMA-2022- 
0020] (RIN: 1660-AB10) received September 13, 
2022, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public 
Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure. 
EC–5300. A letter from the Chairman, Of-
fice of Proceedings, Surface Transportation 
Board, transmitting the Board’s final rule — 
URCS Data Reporting [Docket No.: EP 769] 
received September 13, 2022, pursuant to 5 
U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC–5301. A letter from the Attorney Advi-
sor, Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety 
Administration, Department of Transpor-
tation, transmitting the Department’s final 
rule — Hazardous Materials: Harmonization 
With International Standards; Correction 
[Docket 
No.: 
PHMSA-2019-0030 
(HM- 
215P)](RIN: 2137-AF46) received September 9, 
2022, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public 
Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure. 
EC–5302. A letter from the Attorney Advi-
sor, Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety 
Administration, Department of Transpor-
tation, transmitting the Department’s final 
rule — Pipeline Safety: Safety of Gas Trans-
mission Pipelines: Repair Criteria, Integrity 
Management Improvements, Cathodic Pro-
tection, Management of Change, and Other 
Related Amendments [Docket No.: PHMSA- 
2011-0023; Amdt. No. 192-132] (RIN: 2137-AF39) 
received September 9, 2022, pursuant to 5 
U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk 
for printing and reference to the proper 
calendar, as follows: 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia: Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor. H.R. 7780. A bill to support 
the behavioral needs of students and youth, 
invest in the school-based behavioral health 
workforce, and ensure access to mental 
health and substance use disorder benefits; 
with an amendment (Rept. 117–484). Referred 
to the Committee of the Whole House on the 
state of the Union. 
Mr. NADLER: Committee on the Judici-
ary. House Resolution 1239. Resolution of in-
quiry directing the Attorney General to pro-
vide certain documents in his possession to 
the House of Representatives relating to the 
October 4, 2021 memorandum issued by the 
Attorney 
General 
entitled 
‘‘Partnership 
Among Federal, State, Local, Tribal, and 
Territorial Law Enforcement to Address 
Threats 
Against 
School 
Administrators, 
Board Members, Teachers, and Staff’’, with 
amendments; adversely (Rept. 117–485). Re-
ferred to the House Calendar. 
Mr. NADLER: Committee on the Judici-
ary. House Resolution 1238. Resolution of in-
quiry requesting the President to provide 
certain documents to the House of Rep-
resentatives relating to the October 4, 2021 
memorandum issued by the Attorney Gen-
eral entitled ‘‘Partnership Among Federal, 
State, Local, Tribal, and Territorial Law En-
forcement 
to 
Address 
Threats 
Against 
School 
Administrators, 
Board 
Members, 
Teachers, and Staff’’, with amendments; ad-
versely (Rept. 117–486). Referred to the House 
Calendar. 
Mr. NADLER: Committee on the Judici-
ary. House Resolution 1241. Resolution of in-
quiry directing the Secretary of Homeland 
Security to provide certain documents in his 
possession to the House of Representatives 
relating to immigration enforcement and 
border security, with an amendment; ad-
versely (Rept. 117–487). Referred to the House 
Calendar. 
Mr. NADLER: Committee on the Judici-
ary. House Resolution 1249. Resolution of in-
quiry directing the Secretary of the Interior 
to transmit certain documents to the House 
of Representatives relating to the impact of 
illegal immigration on federal or tribal 
lands, with an amendment; adversely (Rept. 
117–488). Referred to the House Calendar. 
Mr. NADLER: Committee on the Judici-
ary. House Resolution 1250. Resolution of in-
quiry directing the Secretary of Homeland 
Security to transmit certain documents to 
the House of Representatives relating to the 
impact of illegal immigration on Federal or 
Tribal lands, with an amendment; adversely 
(Rept. 117–489). Referred to the House Cal-
endar. 
Mr. NADLER: Committee on the Judici-
ary. House Resolution 1257. Resolution of in-
quiry directing the Secretary of Health and 
Human Services to provide certain docu-
ments in the Secretary’s possession to the 
House of Representatives relating to the es-
tablishment of an Emergency Intake Site in 
Erie, Pennsylvania, at the Pennsylvania 
International Academy, to house the influx 
of unaccompanied migrant children, with an 
amendment; adversely (Rept. 117–490). Re-
ferred to the House Calendar. 
Mr. NADLER: Committee on the Judici-
ary. House Resolution 1325. Resolution of in-
quiry requesting the President and directing 
Attorney General Merrick B. Garland to 
transmit, respectively, a copy of the affi-
davit to the House of Representatives related 
to the raid on the former President, with 
amendments; adversely (Rept. 117–491). Re-
ferred to the House Calendar. 
f 
TIME LIMITATION OF REFERRED 
BILL 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XII, the 
following action was taken by the 
Speaker: 
H.R. 4374. Referral to the Committee on 
Energy and Commerce extended for a period 
ending not later than November 14, 2022. 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following 
titles were introduced and severally re-
ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. NADLER (for himself, Mr. 
THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. DEFA-
ZIO, Mr. GRAVES of Missouri, and Mr. 
KATKO): 
H.R. 8949. A bill to amend the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 to extend counter-un-
manned aircraft systems authorities, to im-
prove transparency, safety, and account-
ability related to such authorities, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, and in addition to the Committees 
on Transportation and Infrastructure, and 
Homeland Security, for a period to be subse-
quently determined by the Speaker, in each 
case for consideration of such provisions as 
fall within the jurisdiction of the committee 
concerned. 
By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York (for himself and Ms. 
PLASKETT): 
H.R. 8950. A bill to amend the Commodity 
Exchange Act to provide the Commodity Fu-
tures Trading Commission jurisdiction to 
oversee the spot digital commodity market, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Agriculture. 
By Mr. BIGGS (for himself, Mr. PERRY, 
Mr. GOSAR, Mr. HARRIS, Mr. STEUBE, 
Mr. WEBER of Texas, Mr. LAMBORN, 
Mr. GOOD of Virginia, Mrs. MILLER of 
Illinois, Mr. HICE
of Georgia, Mr. 
CLOUD, Mrs. BOEBERT, Mr. NORMAN, 
and Mr. TIFFANY): 
H.R. 8951. A bill to amend the Immigration 
and Nationality Act with respect to the pa-
role or release of an asylum applicant, and 
for other purposes; to the Committee on the 
Judiciary. 
By Mrs. CAMMACK (for herself, Mr. 
DONALDS, Ms. VAN DUYNE, Mr. BABIN, 
Ms. MALLIOTAKIS, Mr. CRENSHAW, Ms. 
HERRELL, Mr. WEBER of Texas, Mr. 
HIGGINS of Louisiana, Mr. BANKS, Mr. 
GROTHMAN, Mr. NORMAN, and Mr. 
BUCK): 
H.R. 8952. A bill to give the Secretary of 
Homeland Security the authority to contain 
migration surges, and for other purposes; to 
the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. CARTER of Louisiana (for him-
self and Mr. EVANS): 
H.R. 8953. A bill to allow the Administrator 
of the Small Business Administration to ex-
tend the participation period for covered 
small business concerns in the 8(a) small 
business program, and for other purposes; to 
the Committee on Small Business. 
By Ms. CHU (for herself, Mr. BACON, 
Mr. RUIZ, Mr. COLE, and Ms. DAVIDS 
of Kansas): 
H.R. 8954. A bill to amend part B of title IV 
of the Social Security Act to require States 
to comply with Federal standards estab-
lished under the Indian Child Welfare Act of 
1978; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. CONNOLLY (for himself and 
Mr. CHABOT): 
H.R. 8955. A bill to counter Russian influ-
ence and aggression in Ukraine; to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. CONNOLLY (for himself and 
Mr. COMER): 
H.R. 8956. A bill to amend chapter 36 of 
title 44, United States Code, to improve the 
cybersecurity of the Federal Government, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Oversight and Reform. 
By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois 
(for 
himself, 
Mr. 
PASCRELL, 
Mr. 
SCHNEIDER, Mr. BLUMENAUER, Mr. 
SUOZZI, Ms. MOORE of Wisconsin, Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:22 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00043
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\L22SE7.000
H22SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 42-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H8112 
September 22, 2022 
EVANS, Ms. SA´ NCHEZ, Ms. SEWELL, 
Mr. HIGGINS of New York, Mr. BEYER, 
Mr. VARGAS, Ms. PORTER, Mr. CAR-
SON, Ms. NORTON, Ms. DEAN, Mr. 
AUCHINCLOSS, Mr. BROWN
of Mary-
land, Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York, Mr. COHEN, Mr. JOHNSON 
of Georgia, and Ms. KELLY of Illi-
nois): 
H.R. 8957. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to increase certain taxes 
related to firearms, and for other purposes; 
to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in 
addition to the Committees on the Judici-
ary, and Energy and Commerce, for a period 
to be subsequently determined by the Speak-
er, in each case for consideration of such pro-
visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
By Mr. FALLON (for himself and Mr. 
PANETTA): 
H.R. 8958. A bill to amend certain authori-
ties relating to human rights violations and 
abuses in Ukraine, and for other purposes; to 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in ad-
dition to the Committees on the Judiciary, 
and Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a 
period to be subsequently determined by the 
Speaker, in each case for consideration of 
such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-
tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. GALLAGHER (for himself, Mr. 
STEIL, Mr. POCAN, Mr. KIND, Ms. 
MOORE of Wisconsin, Mr. FITZGERALD, 
Mr. GROTHMAN, and Mr. TIFFANY): 
H.R. 8959. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 
N4805 State Highway 32 in Krakow, Wis-
consin, as the ‘‘Romuald ’’Bud’’ Brzezinski 
Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight 
and Reform. 
By Mr. GALLEGO (for himself, Mr. 
COLE, Ms. DAVIDS
of Kansas, Mr. 
NEWHOUSE, 
Ms. 
NORTON, 
Mr. 
O’HALLERAN, and Mr. CARTWRIGHT): 
H.R. 8960. A bill to require Federal law en-
forcement agencies to report on cases of 
missing or murdered Indians, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-
ary, and in addition to the Committees on 
Natural Resources, Energy and Commerce, 
and Oversight and Reform, for a period to be 
subsequently determined by the Speaker, in 
each case for consideration of such provi-
sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
By Mr. GOHMERT (for himself and Mr. 
STEUBE): 
H.R. 8961. A bill to abolish the Department 
of Education and to provide funding directly 
to States for elementary and secondary edu-
cation, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Education and Labor. 
By Mr. GOHMERT (for himself and 
Mrs. MILLER of Illinois): 
H.R. 8962. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to prohibit the publication of 
personal information of public servants on 
the Internet, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. GOHMERT: 
H.R. 8963. A bill to transfer venue of cer-
tain criminal prosecutions of offenses com-
mitted in the District of Columbia; to the 
Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. GRIJALVA (for himself and Mr. 
MCGOVERN): 
H.R. 8964. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Health and Human Services to issue to Fed-
eral agencies guidelines for developing proce-
dures and requirements relating to certain 
primary care Federal health professionals 
completing continuing medical education on 
nutrition and to require Federal agencies to 
submit annual reports relating to such 
guidelines, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. JOYCE of Ohio: 
H.R. 8965. A bill to amend the River and 
Harbor Act of 1958 to improve provisions re-
lating to invasive species management, and 
for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania: 
H.R. 8966. A bill to clarify regulatory cer-
tainty, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Natural Resources, and in addition 
to the Committees on Energy and Com-
merce, Transportation and Infrastructure, 
and Agriculture, for a period to be subse-
quently determined by the Speaker, in each 
case for consideration of such provisions as 
fall within the jurisdiction of the committee 
concerned. 
By Mr. KILMER (for himself and Ms. 
STRICKLAND): 
H.R. 8967. A bill to take certain land in the 
State of Washington into trust for the ben-
efit of the Puyallup Tribe of the Puyallup 
Reservation, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. LAMBORN (for himself, Mr. 
BANKS, 
Mr. 
GROTHMAN, 
Mrs. 
HARTZLER, Mr. JACKSON, Mr. BABIN, 
Mr. DONALDS, Mr. MOORE of Alabama, 
Mr. ISSA, Mr. PFLUGER, Mr. NORMAN, 
Mr. NEGUSE, and Mr. BILIRAKIS): 
H.R. 8968. A bill to allow States and local 
educational agencies to use unspent COVID- 
19 elementary and secondary school emer-
gency relief funds to purchase life-saving 
opioid antagonists and to provide related 
training and education to students and 
teachers; to the Committee on Education 
and Labor. 
By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York: 
H.R. 8969. A bill to develop a comprehen-
sive, strategic plan for Federal electric vehi-
cle fleet battery management, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and 
Reform. 
By Mrs. MCCLAIN (for herself and Ms. 
CLARKE of New York): 
H.R. 8970. A bill to provide funding to 
strengthen cybersecurity defenses and capa-
bilities by expanding community colleges 
programs leading to the award of cybersecu-
rity credentials that are in demand in gov-
ernment, critical infrastructure, nonprofit, 
and private sectors, and for other purposes; 
to the Committee on Education and Labor, 
and in addition to the Committees on 
Science, Space, and Technology, and Appro-
priations, for a period to be subsequently de-
termined by the Speaker, in each case for 
consideration of such provisions as fall with-
in the jurisdiction of the committee con-
cerned. 
By Mr. MFUME (for himself, Mrs. 
BEATTY, 
Ms. 
JACKSON
LEE, 
Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD, 
Ms. 
NORTON, 
Mr. 
DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. CAR-
SON, Mrs. HAYES, Ms. LEE of Cali-
fornia, Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. 
BROWN of Maryland, Mrs. MCBATH, 
Mr. DAVID
SCOTT
of Georgia, Mr. 
TORRES of New York, Mr. CARTER of 
Louisiana, Mr. LAWSON of Florida, 
Mr. RUSH, Ms. WILSON of Florida, Ms. 
WILLIAMS of Georgia, Mr. BOWMAN, 
Ms. SEWELL, Ms. TITUS, Mr. JONES, 
Mr. SAN NICOLAS, Mrs. WATSON COLE-
MAN, Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, 
Ms. PRESSLEY, Mr. EVANS, Ms. SCHA-
KOWSKY, Ms. BASS, Mr. GREEN
of 
Texas, Ms. BROWN of Ohio, Mr. CASE, 
Mr. SCHIFF, Mr. PAYNE, Ms. CLARKE 
of New York, and Mr. COHEN): 
H.R. 8971. A bill to establish a National 
Council on African American History and 
Culture within the National Endowment for 
the Humanities, and for other purposes; to 
the Committee on Education and Labor. 
By Mr. MORELLE: 
H.R. 8972. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to allow a surviving spouse of a 
Medal of Honor recipient to receive a special 
pension concurrently with dependency and 
indemnity compensation, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-
fairs. 
By Mr. NEHLS (for himself and Mr. 
WALTZ): 
H.R. 8973. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to increase the rate of the spe-
cial pension payable to Medal of Honor re-
cipients, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Ms. PRESSLEY (for herself and Mr. 
GARCI´A of Illinois): 
H.R. 8974. A bill to amend the Expedited 
Funds Availability Act to require that funds 
deposited be available for withdrawal in real- 
time, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. ROSENDALE (for himself, Mrs. 
MILLER of Illinois, Mr. MASSIE, Mr. 
GOHMERT, and Mr. VAN DREW): 
H.R. 8975. A bill to provide States with the 
authority to name post offices located in the 
State, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Oversight and Reform. 
By Mr. RYAN of New York: 
H.R. 8976. A bill to preempt State restric-
tions 
on 
dispensing 
mifepristone 
or 
misoprostol, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Ms. SALAZAR (for herself, Mr. 
MCEACHIN, Mr. WEBER of Texas, Mrs. 
DINGELL, Mr. HUFFMAN, Mr. WITT-
MAN, Mr. CARTER of Louisiana, Mrs. 
RADEWAGEN, Mr. LOWENTHAL, Mr. PA-
NETTA, Mr. VAN DREW, Mr. CARTER of 
Georgia, Miss GONZA´ LEZ-COLO´ N, Mr. 
SUOZZI, Ms. PORTER, Mr. GIMENEZ, 
Mr. KILDEE, Mr. RUTHERFORD, Ms. 
BARRAGA´ N, and Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of 
Georgia): 
H.R. 8977. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Commerce, acting through the Adminis-
trator of the National Oceanic and Atmos-
pheric Administration, to establish a grant 
program to fund youth fishing projects, and 
for other purposes; to the Committee on Nat-
ural Resources. 
By Ms. SHERRILL (for herself, Ms. 
SPANBERGER, Ms. DEAN, Mr. PHILLIPS, 
Ms. ROSS, and Mr. RYAN of Ohio): 
H.R. 8978. A bill to award a Congressional 
Gold Medal to members of the Red Cross 
Supplemental Recreational Activities Over-
seas (SRAO) program, also known as the 
‘‘Donut Dollies’’, who served honorably dur-
ing the Vietnam conflict; to the Committee 
on Financial Services, and in addition to the 
Committee on House Administration, for a 
period to be subsequently determined by the 
Speaker, in each case for consideration of 
such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-
tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. SMITH of Washington: 
H.R. 8979. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Health and Human Services to award grants 
for the purpose of establishing, operating, or 
expanding one-stop crisis facilities, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on Energy 
and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-
mittees on Financial Services, and the Judi-
ciary, for a period to be subsequently deter-
mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-
sideration of such provisions as fall within 
the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. WALTZ (for himself, Mr. 
GAETZ, Mr. MAST, Mr. DIAZ-BALART, 
Mr. POSEY, Mr. DONALDS, Mr. DUNN, 
Mr. 
GIMENEZ, 
Ms. 
SALAZAR, 
Mr. 
RUTHERFORD, 
Mr. 
BILIRAKIS, 
Mrs. 
CAMMACK, Mr. C. SCOTT FRANKLIN of 
Florida, and Mr. WEBSTER of Flor-
ida): 
H.R. 8980. A bill to establish a moratorium 
on energy development in certain areas of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:22 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00044
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\L22SE7.100
H22SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 43-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H8113 
September 22, 2022 
the Gulf of Mexico, and for other purposes; 
to the Committee on Natural Resources, and 
in addition to the Committee on Armed 
Services, for a period to be subsequently de-
termined by the Speaker, in each case for 
consideration of such provisions as fall with-
in the jurisdiction of the committee con-
cerned. 
By Mr. WESTERMAN (for himself, 
Mrs. RODGERS
of Washington, Mr. 
UPTON, Mr. LATTA, Mr. CALVERT, and 
Mr. STAUBER): 
H.R. 8981. A bill to streamline hardrock 
mine permitting on Federal lands, support 
technological and scientific advancements 
for mineral development, expand the mining 
workforce, 
track 
global 
supply 
chains, 
strengthen domestic refining and processing 
capacity, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Natural Resources, and in addition 
to the Committees on Agriculture, Foreign 
Affairs, Energy and Commerce, Appropria-
tions, and Science, Space, and Technology, 
for a period to be subsequently determined 
by the Speaker, in each case for consider-
ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-
risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. ADAMS (for herself, Ms. MOORE 
of Wisconsin, Ms. WILSON of Florida, 
Mr. CARTER of Louisiana, Mr. BOW-
MAN, Mr. BROWN of Maryland, Mrs. 
WATSON
COLEMAN, Ms. MENG, Ms. 
CLARKE of New York, Ms. MCCOLLUM, 
and Mr. EVANS): 
H. Con. Res. 108. Concurrent resolution rec-
ognizing the significance of equal pay and 
the disparity in wages paid to men and to 
Black women; to the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor. 
By Ms. BONAMICI (for herself, Mrs. 
MCBATH, Ms. WILSON of Florida, Mr. 
CA´ RDENAS, Ms. NORTON, Mr. EVANS, 
Ms. NEWMAN, Ms. MANNING, Mr. CAR-
TER of Louisiana, Mr. SUOZZI, Mrs. 
LEE of Nevada, Ms. TITUS, Mr. SMITH 
of Washington, and Mr. O’HALLERAN): 
H. Res. 1383. A resolution expressing sup-
port for the designation of September 2022 as 
‘‘National Workforce Development Month’’; 
to the Committee on Education and Labor. 
By Ms. BASS (for herself, Mr. BACON, 
Mr. MULLIN, Mrs. LAWRENCE, Mr. 
LANGEVIN, Ms. DEAN, Mr. CA´ RDENAS, 
Ms. NORTON, Mr. PAPPAS, Mr. DANNY 
K. DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. CARSON, Mr. 
CARBAJAL, Ms. SEWELL, and Mr. GRI-
JALVA): 
H. Res. 1384. A resolution expressing sup-
port for the designation of September 2022 as 
‘‘National Kinship Care Month’’; to the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. COSTA: 
H. Res. 1385. A resolution recognizing Sep-
tember 22nd, 2022, as the Order of the Sons 
and Daughters of Italy in America, Colombo- 
Stella Lodge 1149 Day; to the Committee on 
Oversight and Reform. 
By Mr. CURTIS (for himself, Mr. 
LOWENTHAL, Mr. AMODEI, Mr. BLU-
MENAUER, Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER, Mr. 
CARTER of Georgia, Mr. CASTEN, Mr. 
COHEN, Ms. DELBENE, Mr. EVANS, Mr. 
FITZPATRICK, Mr. FLEISCHMANN, Mr. 
GRIJALVA, Mr. HUDSON, Mr. HUFFMAN, 
Mr. JOYCE of Ohio, Mr. KILDEE, Mr. 
KILMER, Mr. KATKO, Ms. KUSTER, Mrs. 
KIM of California, Mr. KIND, Mr. LAN-
GEVIN, Mrs. LEE of Nevada, Ms. MACE, 
Ms. 
MATSUI, 
Mr. 
MCEACHIN, 
Mr. 
MCKINLEY, Mrs. MILLER-MEEKS, Mr. 
MORELLE, 
Mr. 
NEWHOUSE, 
Mr. 
O’HALLERAN, Mr. PANETTA, Mr. RUSH, 
Ms. SALAZAR, Mr. SCHNEIDER, Mr. 
SCHWEIKERT, 
Ms. 
SHERRILL, 
Mr. 
SMITH of Nebraska, Mrs. STEEL, Ms. 
SPANBERGER, 
Ms. 
STEFANIK, 
Mr. 
SUOZZI, Mr. THOMPSON of California, 
Mr. TIMMONS, Mr. TONKO, Mr. TRONE, 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina, Mr. 
ZELDIN, Mr. MCHENRY, Mr. GRAVES of 
Louisiana, 
Mr. 
WESTERMAN, 
Mr. 
BALDERSON, Ms. DAVIDS of Kansas, 
Mr. 
COSTA, 
Mr. 
STAUBER, 
Mr. 
BUCSHON, Mr. STEIL, Mr. JACOBS of 
New York, Mr. BAIRD, and Mr. JOHN-
SON of South Dakota): 
H. Res. 1386. A resolution supporting the 
designation of the week of September 26 
through September 30, 2022, as ‘‘National 
Clean Energy Week’’; to the Committee on 
Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. EMMER (for himself, Mr. 
NEWHOUSE, Mr. MULLIN, Mr. HUDSON, 
Mr. 
TIFFANY, 
Mr. 
WITTMAN, 
Mr. 
WEBER
of Texas, Mr. GOSAR, Mr. 
GROTHMAN, Mr. AMODEI, Mr. DUNN, 
Mr. LATTA, Mr. JACKSON, Mr. BUDD, 
Mr. JOYCE of Ohio, Mr. WESTERMAN, 
Mrs. MILLER-MEEKS, Ms. STEFANIK, 
Mr. CLINE, Mr. FLEISCHMANN, Mr. 
KUSTOFF, Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. PANETTA, Mrs. DINGELL, 
Mr. SCHRADER, Mr. MEUSER, Mr. 
JOHNSON
of 
South 
Dakota, 
Mr. 
MCKINLEY, 
Mr. 
DESJARLAIS, 
Mr. 
BERGMAN, 
Mr. 
STEWART, 
Mr. 
LAMALFA, 
Mr. 
MOOLENAAR, 
Mr. 
RUTHERFORD, 
Mr. 
RESCHENTHALER, 
and Mr. STAUBER): 
H. Res. 1387. A resolution recognizing the 
50th anniversary of National Hunting and 
Fishing Day; to the Committee on Natural 
Resources. 
By 
Mrs. 
LURIA 
(for 
herself, 
Mr. 
DESJARLAIS, Mr. GARCIA
of Cali-
fornia, and Ms. HOULAHAN): 
H. Res. 1388. A resolution acknowledging 
and commemorating the World War II 
women in the Navy who served in the Women 
Accepted for Volunteer Emergency Service 
(‘‘WAVES’’); to the Committee on Armed 
Services. 
By Mr. MCCAUL (for himself, Ms. 
SPEIER, Mr. SUOZZI, Mr. CARSON, Mr. 
GROTHMAN, Mr. MCGOVERN, and Ms. 
LEE of California): 
H. Res. 1389. A resolution welcoming His 
Holiness, Hadhrat Mirza Masroor Ahmad, the 
worldwide spiritual head of the Ahmadiyya 
Muslim Community, to the United States, 
including Illinois, Texas and Maryland, and 
recognizing his commitment to world peace, 
absolute justice, global unity among nations, 
non-violence, rejection of extremism, eradi-
cation of poverty, economic equity, service 
to humanity, universal human rights, inter-
national religious freedom, and democracy; 
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mrs. NAPOLITANO (for herself, Mr. 
KATKO, Ms. LEE of California, Miss 
GONZA´ LEZ-COLO´ N, Mr. FITZPATRICK, 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD, Ms. MATSUI, Mr. 
SOTO, Mr. TRONE, Mr. SIRES, Mr. GRI-
JALVA, and Mr. CA´ RDENAS): 
H. Res. 1390. A resolution expressing sup-
port for the protection of Medicare part D’s 
six protected classes; to the Committee on 
Energy and Commerce, and in addition to 
the Committee on Ways and Means, for a pe-
riod to be subsequently determined by the 
Speaker, in each case for consideration of 
such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-
tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. PAYNE (for himself, Mr. BILI-
RAKIS, Ms. NORTON, Mr. LAWSON of 
Florida, and Ms. UNDERWOOD): 
H. Res. 1391. A resolution expressing sup-
port of the designation of September 2022 as 
Peripheral Artery Disease Awareness Month; 
to the Committee on Oversight and Reform. 
By Mr. RASKIN (for himself, Ms. 
BONAMICI, Mr. BOWMAN, Ms. ESCOBAR, 
Mr. GRIJALVA, Mr. HUFFMAN, Mr. 
JOHNSON of Georgia, Ms. NORTON, Ms. 
OCASIO-CORTEZ, 
Ms. 
TLAIB, 
Ms. 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ, and Mrs. WAT-
SON COLEMAN): 
H. Res. 1392. A resolution recognizing 
‘‘Banned Books Week’’ and the sweeping at-
tacks on books in the United States today, 
acknowledging the central role books play in 
promoting democratic and civil discourse, 
and urging recognition of the illegitimate 
tactics being used to ban books in K-12 class-
rooms, universities, prisons, and libraries; to 
the Committee on Education and Labor, and 
in addition to the Committee on the Judici-
ary, for a period to be subsequently deter-
mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-
sideration of such provisions as fall within 
the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for him-
self and Mr. SUOZZI): 
H. Res. 1393. A resolution calling for the 
Secretary of State to direct that the United 
States Permanent Representative to the 
United Nations and other International Or-
ganizations in Geneva and the United States 
Permanent Representative to the Human 
Rights Council sponsor the strongest pos-
sible resolution by September 28, 2022 to en-
sure that the United Nations Human Rights 
Council takes up the findings of United Na-
tions Office of the High Commissioner for 
Human Rights in its ‘‘Assessment of human 
rights concerns in the Xinjiang Uyghur Au-
tonomous 
Region, 
People’s 
Republic 
of 
China,‘‘ and for other actions; to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. VEASEY (for himself, Mr. CAR-
TER of Louisiana, Mr. CARSON, Ms. 
JACOBS of California, Ms. MOORE of 
Wisconsin, Ms. SEWELL, Mr. SCOTT of 
Virginia, Mr. SUOZZI, Ms. WILLIAMS of 
Georgia, Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
of New York, Mr. BROWN of Mary-
land, Ms. MCCOLLUM, Mr. SMITH of 
Washington, Ms. WILSON of Florida, 
Mr. GRIJALVA, Mr. COSTA, Ms. NOR-
TON, Mrs. WATSON
COLEMAN, Ms. 
BROWN of Ohio, Mr. BLUMENAUER, Mr. 
EVANS, Ms. SA´ NCHEZ, Mr. JOHNSON of 
Georgia, Ms. DELBENE, Ms. TITUS, 
Mr. 
TONKO, 
Mr. 
RASKIN, 
Ms. 
PLASKETT, 
Mr. 
CA´ RDENAS, 
Mrs. 
CHERFILUS-MCCORMICK, Mr. LIEU, Mr. 
CONNOLLY, 
Ms. 
TLAIB, 
Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD, Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of 
Illinois, 
Ms. 
BARRAGA´ N, 
Mr. 
KRISHNAMOORTHI, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY, 
Mr. LANGEVIN, Mr. DAVID SCOTT of 
Georgia, Mr. HIGGINS of New York, 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO, Ms. LEE of Cali-
fornia, Mr. GREEN of Texas, Mr. SOTO, 
Mr. KILDEE, Ms. CLARKE of New York, 
Mrs. DINGELL, Ms. STEVENS, Mr. 
GALLEGO, Ms. MENG, Ms. JAYAPAL, 
and Mr. KHANNA): 
H. Res. 1394. A resolution expressing sup-
port for the designation of September 2022 as 
‘‘National Voting Rights Month’’; to the 
Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition 
to the Committees on House Administration, 
Intelligence (Permanent Select), Oversight 
and Reform, Science, Space, and Technology, 
Education and Labor, Ways and Means, Fi-
nancial Services, Ethics, Homeland Security, 
and Armed Services, for a period to be subse-
quently determined by the Speaker, in each 
case for consideration of such provisions as 
fall within the jurisdiction of the committee 
concerned. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-
tives, the following statements are sub-
mitted regarding the specific powers 
granted to Congress in the Constitu-
tion to enact the accompanying bill or 
joint resolution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:22 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00045
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\L22SE7.100
H22SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 44-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H8114 
September 22, 2022 
By Mr. NADLER: 
H.R. 8949. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution 
By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York: 
H.R. 8950. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. BIGGS: 
H.R. 8951. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mrs. CAMMACK: 
H.R. 8952. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution 
By Mr. CARTER of Louisiana: 
H.R. 8953. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
The Congress shall have Power . . . To reg-
ulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and 
among the several States, and with the In-
dian Tribes. 
By Ms. CHU: 
H.R. 8954. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Article 1, Section 8 of the 
United States Constitution 
By Mr. CONNOLLY: 
H.R. 8955. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S. 
Constitution 
By Mr. CONNOLLY: 
H.R. 8956. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois: 
H.R. 8957. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-
stitution: To make all laws which shall be 
necessary and proper for carrying into Exe-
cution the powers enumerated under section 
8 and all other Powers vested by the Con-
stitution in the Government of the United 
States, or in any Department or Officer 
thereof. 
By Mr. FALLON: 
H.R. 8958. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. GALLAGHER: 
H.R. 8959. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. GALLEGO: 
H.R. 8960. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. GOHMERT: 
H.R. 8961. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Section 1 of the 10th Amendment to the 
Consitution 
By Mr. GOHMERT: 
H.R. 8962. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Mr. GOHMERT: 
H.R. 8963. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 17 of the United 
States Constitution 
By Mr. GRIJALVA: 
H.R. 8964. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
U.S. Const. art. I, § § 1 and 8. 
By Mr. JOYCE of Ohio: 
H.R. 8965. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
C1ause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
Constitution 
Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
Constitution 
By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania: 
H.R. 8966. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution 
By Mr. KILMER: 
H.R. 8967. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, clause 1 provides Con-
gress with the power to ‘‘lay and collect 
Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises’’ in order 
to ‘‘provide for the . . . general Welfare of 
the United States.’’ 
By Mr. LAMBORN: 
H.R. 8968. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress shall have power to lay and 
collect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises, to 
pay the debts and provide for the common 
defense and general welfare of the United 
States; but all duties, imposts and excises 
shall be uniform throughout the United 
States; 
By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York: 
H.R. 8969. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section I, Clause 18 (Necessary 
and Proper Clause) 
By Mrs. MCCLAIN: 
H.R. 8970. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. MFUME: 
H.R. 8971. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 
The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, 
to pay the Debts and provide for the common 
Defence and general Welfare of the United 
States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises 
shall be uniform throughout the United 
States; and 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the 
foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-
ed by this Constitution in the Government of 
the United States, or in any Department or 
Officer thereof. 
By Mr. MORELLE: 
H.R. 8972. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 
8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. NEHLS: 
H.R. 8973. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, clause 14 of the U.S. 
Constitution 
By Ms. PRESSLEY: 
H.R. 8974. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. ROSENDALE: 
H.R. 8975. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution 
By Mr. RYAN of New York: 
H.R. 8976. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Ms. SALAZAR: 
H.R. 8977. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Ms. SHERRILL: 
H.R. 8978. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congresss under Article I, Section 
8, clause 16 of the United States Constitu-
tion. 
By Mr. SMITH of Washington: 
H.R. 8979. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. WALTZ: 
H.R. 8980. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. WESTERMAN: 
H.R. 8981. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Pursuant to clause 7 of Rule XII of the 
Rules of the House of Representatives, the 
following statement is submitted regarding 
the specific powers granted to Congress in 
the Constitution to enact the accompanying 
bill or joint resolution. Congress has the au-
thority to enact this legislation pursuant to 
the powers granted under Article IV, Section 
3, Clause 2 and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
of the United States Constitution. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS TO PUBLIC 
BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-
tions, as follows: 
H.R. 962: Mr. CARTWRIGHT. 
H.R. 1123: Mr. MORELLE. 
H.R. 1219: Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Penn-
sylvania. 
H.R. 1284: Mr. CALVERT. 
H.R. 1504: Ms. JAYAPAL. 
H.R. 1551: Ms. TLAIB and Ms. STRICKLAND. 
H.R. 1587: Mr. GOLDEN. 
H.R. 1611: Mr. PHILLIPS. 
H.R. 1661: Mr. LEVIN of California and Mrs. 
BUSTOS. 
H.R. 1746: Mrs. CAMMACK. 
H.R. 1791: Ms. KUSTER. 
H.R. 1948: Mr. CORREA, Mr. LANGEVIN, Mr. 
DEUTCH, and Ms. DELAURO. 
H.R. 2050: Ms. SLOTKIN, Mr. SUOZZI, Mr. 
RUTHERFORD, Mrs. NAPOLITANO, Mr. LAN-
GEVIN, and Mr. COSTA. 
H.R. 2252: Ms. LOIS FRANKEL of Florida, Mr. 
TONY GONZALES of Texas, Mr. EVANS, and Mr. 
CLYBURN. 
H.R. 2356: Mr. MEUSER. 
H.R. 
2565: 
Mr. 
FITZGERALD, 
Ms. 
SPANBERGER, and Mr. CAREY. 
H.R. 2759: Ms. BARRAGA´ N. 
H.R. 2953: Mr. CARTER of Louisiana, Mr. 
DOGGETT, Mr. SUOZZI, Mr. LARSON of Con-
necticut, Mr. EVANS, Mr. O’HALLERAN, and 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:22 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00046
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE7.049
H22SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 45-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H8115 
September 22, 2022 
H.R. 2965: Ms. JACOBS of California. 
H.R. 2974: Ms. KELLY of Illinois. 
H.R. 3087: Mr. FEENSTRA. 
H.R. 3109: Mr. CRAWFORD and Mr. GALLEGO. 
H.R. 3321: Mr. FLOOD and Ms. WILLIAMS of 
Georgia. 
H.R. 3783: Ms. SHERRILL. 
H.R. 3865: Ms. JAYAPAL, Ms. ADAMS, Ms. 
NEWMAN, and Ms. SEWELL. 
H.R. 4066: Mr. COHEN. 
H.R. 4141: Mr. LANGEVIN, Mr. DAVIDSON, 
and Ms. SEWELL. 
H.R. 4146: Mr. RYAN of Ohio. 
H.R. 4282: Ms. BROWN of Ohio. 
H.R. 4402: Mr. BOWMAN and Ms. JOHNSON of 
Texas. 
H.R. 4410: Mr. BANKS. 
H.R. 4436: Ms. JAYAPAL and Ms. SALAZAR. 
H.R. 4437: Mrs. CAMMACK. 
H.R. 4624: Mr. FALLON. 
H.R. 4816: Ms. SA´ NCHEZ, Mr. SUOZZI, and 
Ms. STEFANIK. 
H.R. 5089: Mr. PANETTA. 
H.R. 5365: Mr. POCAN. 
H.R. 5444: Mr. MORELLE. 
H.R. 5502: Ms. WILD, Mr. GOTTHEIMER, Mr. 
TRONE, Ms. BOURDEAUX, Mr. MORELLE, and 
Mr. HUFFMAN. 
H.R. 5536: Mr. PHILLIPS. 
H.R. 
5726: 
Ms. 
SCANLON
and 
Ms. 
MALLIOTAKIS. 
H.R. 5750: Ms. DEAN. 
H.R. 6394: Mrs. MILLER-MEEKS and Mr. KIM 
of New Jersey. 
H.R. 6584: Ms. UNDERWOOD. 
H.R. 6592: Mr. POSEY. 
H.R. 6644: Mr. TIFFANY. 
H.R. 6852: Mr. VICENTE GONZALEZ of Texas 
and Mr. VAN DREW. 
H.R. 6860: Ms. ESCOBAR, Mr. RYAN of Ohio, 
and Mr. SCHNEIDER. 
H.R. 6889: Mr. LAMBORN and Mr. LARSEN of 
Washington. 
H.R. 6938: Ms. JACOBS of California. 
H.R. 6985: Mr. CASTEN. 
H.R. 7050: Mrs. KIM of California. 
H.R. 7053: Ms. KUSTER. 
H.R. 7223: Mr. HICE of Georgia. 
H.R. 7236: Mr. HARDER of California. 
H.R. 7345: Mr. CA´ RDENAS, Mr. MCGOVERN, 
Mr. RASKIN, Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York, Ms. MOORE
of Wisconsin, Mr. 
VARGAS, Mr. DESAULNIER, Ms. OCASIO-COR-
TEZ, Mr. LOWENTHAL, Ms. TLAIB, Mr. JONES, 
Mr. SHERMAN, and Mr. AGUILAR. 
H.R. 7394: Ms. BROWN of Ohio, Mr. CARTER 
of Louisiana, Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois, 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN, and Mrs. CAROLYN B. 
MALONEY of New York. 
H.R. 7395: Ms. TLAIB. 
H.R. 7482: Ms. Barraga´n and Mr. MCGOV-
ERN. 
H.R. 7506: Mr. POSEY. 
H.R. 7630: Mr. SUOZZI, Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD, 
Mr. O’HALLERAN, Mr. DIAZ-BALART, Mr. 
MOOLENAAR, and Mr. BERA. 
H.R. 7644: Ms. CRAIG. 
H.R. 7651: Mr. LATURNER, Mr. EMMER, and 
Mrs. HARSHBARGER. 
H.R. 7744: Mrs. HARSHBARGER, Mr. VICENTE 
GONZALEZ of Texas, and Mr. GUEST. 
H.R. 7756: Mr. KILDEE. 
H.R. 7757: Mr. KILDEE. 
H.R. 7773: Mr. SWALWELL. 
H.R. 7925: Mrs. KIM of California. 
H.R. 8018: Mr. FITZPATRICK. 
H.R. 8019: Ms. STANSBURY. 
H.R. 8104: Mr. GOLDEN. 
H.R. 8111: Ms. SCHRIER. 
H.R. 8153: Mr. CASE. 
H.R. 8171: Ms. FOXX. 
H.R. 8185: Mr. COLE and Mr. BOST. 
H.R. 8233: Mr. LAMALFA. 
H.R. 8265: Ms. MCCOLLUM and Mr. JOHNSON 
of Georgia. 
H.R. 8384: Mrs. HINSON. 
H.R. 8387: Mr. TIFFANY. 
H.R. 8391: Mr. KILMER. 
H.R. 8393: Mr. VICENTE GONZALEZ of Texas, 
Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania, and 
Mr. SWALWELL. 
H.R. 8524: Ms. KUSTER. 
H.R. 8528: Mr. CALVERT. 
H.R. 8589: Mrs. HINSON. 
H.R. 8594: Mr. BISHOP of Georgia and Mr. 
ROGERS of Alabama. 
H.R. 8611: Mr. OBERNOLTE. 
H.R. 8616: Ms. SCHRIER. 
H.R. 8624: Ms. KUSTER. 
H.R. 8637: Mr. CICILLINE and Ms. SALAZAR. 
H.R. 8639: Mr. PAPPAS. 
H.R. 8650: Ms. KUSTER. 
H.R. 8659: Mr. PAYNE, Ms. NEWMAN, Mr. 
MCNERNEY, and Mr. COHEN. 
H.R. 8685: Ms. KELLY of Illinois and Mr. 
THOMPSON of California. 
H.R. 8699: Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. 
H.R. 8736: Ms. HOULAHAN, Ms. WILD, Ms. 
STRICKLAND, Mr. BUCK, and Ms. SCHRIER. 
H.R. 8747: Mr. BERGMAN. 
H.R. 8753: Mrs. FLORES. 
H.R. 8762: Mr. TIMMONS. 
H.R. 8770: Mr. CORREA. 
H.R. 8800: Mr. COHEN, Mr. AGUILAR, Ms. 
SCHRIER, Mr. KILMER, and Mr. PANETTA. 
H.R. 8814: Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. COMER, Mr. CURTIS, and Mr. ISSA. 
H.R. 8821: Mr. TONKO. 
H.R. 8826: Mr. GUEST. 
H.R. 8829: Ms. CLARKE of New York. 
H.R. 8863: Mr. SEMPOLINSKI. 
H.R. 8867: Ms. KUSTER. 
H.R. 8868: Mr. GARBARINO. 
H.R. 8876: Mrs. HINSON and Ms. BARRAGA´ N. 
H.R. 8909: Mr. GUEST and Mr. CALVERT. 
H.J. Res. 53: Ms. MACE. 
H.J. Res. 94: Mr. GARCIA of California. 
H.J. Res. 98: Mr. RASKIN. 
H. Con. Res. 65: Ms. WILD, Mr. LAMB, and 
Mr. QUIGLEY. 
H. Res. 404: Mr. SOTO. 
H. Res. 616: Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. 
H. Res. 703: Mr. COSTA. 
H. Res. 1030: Mr. LARSEN of Washington. 
H. Res. 1136: Mr. HUDSON. 
H. Res. 1156: Mr. GUEST and Ms. MCCOLLUM. 
H. Res. 1190: Mr. PHILLIPS. 
H. Res. 1196: Ms. JACOBS of California. 
H. Res. 1220: Mr. AGUILAR. 
H. Res. 1303: Mr. CALVERT. 
H. Res. 1334: Mr. MALINOWSKI. 
H. Res. 1336: Mrs. BEATTY and Mr. BACON. 
f 
DISCHARGE PETITIONS— 
ADDITIONS AND WITHDRAWALS 
The following Members added their 
names to the following discharge peti-
tion: 
Petition 12 by Mr. GOSAR on House Joint 
Resolution 46: Mr. Timmons, Mr. Barr, Ms. 
Van Duyne, Mr. Thompson of Pennsylvania, 
and Mr. Luetkemeyer. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:22 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00047
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE7.044
H22SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 46-
Congressional Record
U
N
U
M
E
P
LU
RI
B
U
S
United States
of America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 117th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.
S4941 
Vol. 168 
WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 2022 
No. 153 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Honorable JACKY 
ROSEN, a Senator from the State of Ne-
vada. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. 
Eternal and blessed God, in a dan-
gerous and unstable world, we find sol-
ace from Your presence. We praise You 
that even when wrong seems so strong, 
Your providence continues to prevail. 
Today, as our lawmakers grapple 
with pressing issues, give them the wis-
dom to seek Your guidance. Respond to 
their petitions by undergirding our 
Senators with Your enabling might, 
empowering them to exercise respon-
sible stewardship of their influence by 
striving to be lights in a dark world. 
Lord, open their ears and hearts this 
day to hear and obey Your voice. 
We pray in Your powerful Name. 
Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The Presiding Officer led the Pledge 
of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-
lic for which it stands, one nation under God, 
indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING 
PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE 
The 
PRESIDING 
OFFICER. 
The 
clerk will please read a communication 
to the Senate from the President pro 
tempore (Mr. LEAHY). 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read the following letter: 
U.S. SENATE, 
PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE, 
Washington, DC, September 22, 2022. 
To the Senate: 
Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, 
of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby 
appoint the Honorable JACKY ROSEN, a Sen-
ator from the State of Nevada, to perform 
the duties of the Chair. 
PATRICK J. LEAHY, 
President pro tempore. 
Ms. ROSEN thereupon assumed the 
Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Under the previous order, the 
leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Morning business is closed. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
DEMOCRACY 
IS 
STRENGTHENED 
BY CASTING LIGHT ON SPEND-
ING IN ELECTIONS ACT OF 2022— 
Resumed 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Under the previous order, the 
Senate will resume consideration of 
the motion to proceed to S. 4822, which 
the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to S. 4822, a bill to 
amend the Federal Election Campaign Act of 
1971 to provide for additional disclosure re-
quirements for corporations, labor organiza-
tions, Super PACs and other entities, and for 
other purposes. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
Mr. SCHUMER. When five conserv-
ative Justices handed down their opin-
ion in Citizens United 12 years ago, the 
dissenters warned: 
The Court’s ruling threatens to undermine 
the integrity of elected institutions across 
the Nation. 
Sadly, they turned out to be right. 
By giving massive corporations the 
same rights as individual citizens— 
multibillionaires being able to have 
their voices shouted out, drowning out 
the views of citizens—and by casting 
aside decades of campaign finance law 
and by paving the way for powerful 
elites to anonymously pump endless 
cash into elections, Citizens United has 
disfigured our democracy almost be-
yond recognition. 
Today, the Senate will vote to begin 
curing our Nation of this cancer when 
we take the first procedural vote on 
the DISCLOSE Act. Democrats are 
ready to move forward. Republicans 
today must face the music: either vote 
to bring transparency and fairness 
back to our elections—as the vast ma-
jority of Americans want—or block 
this measure and cast their lot with 
the forces of dark money. 
So today is a very important day 
that would not be possible without the 
work of my friend and colleague, the 
Senator from Rhode Island, Senator 
WHITEHOUSE. More than anyone in this 
Chamber, Senator WHITEHOUSE has la-
bored relentlessly to shine a light on 
the link between dark money and so 
many of the ills that plague our poli-
tics, from the radicalization of our 
courts to the rise of climate deniers 
and more. 
I thank him for his work. Our entire 
caucus does. We stand with him, 
strongly, fervently, in supporting this 
bill. The need for the DISCLOSE Act is 
great. The past decade has been the 
most expensive in the history of Amer-
ican 
elections. 
Billions 
have 
been 
raised and spent in super PAC and dark 
money. Because of Citizens United, a 
person’s ability to affect the demo-
cratic process has largely become a 
function of their net worth in gross 
violation—gross violation—of what the 
Framers intended when they believed 
in one person, one vote. 
The DISCLOSE Act will remedy 
these ills with a very simple notion 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
00:06 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.000
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE
® 
Pdnted on recycled papfil 

 -Page 47-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4942 
September 22, 2022 
that sunlight is the greatest of dis-
infectants. It will require super PACs 
and other dark money groups to sup-
port anyone contributing $10,000 or 
more during an election cycle. 
The same goes for any group spend-
ing money in support or in opposition 
to judicial nominees. In other words, it 
would apply familiar forms of trans-
parency that traditional campaigns 
and candidates already face when ac-
cepting political contributions. 
I urge my colleagues to vote yes—all 
of us should vote yes; every single one 
of us should vote yes—because so many 
of the ills in our democracy are rooted 
in the primacy of dark money. We 
must rid ourselves of this foulness be-
fore it is too late, and our democracy 
could well become beyond saving. 
Over the past few days, the Repub-
lican leader has come to the floor and 
repeated the same timeworn, mis-
leading arguments he has used for 
years when trying to discredit cam-
paign finance reform. I mean, part of 
his arguments just get to the point of 
absurdity. Without a shred of irony, 
the Republican leader, for instance, has 
claimed that the DISCLOSE Act is 
equivalent to threatening the privacy 
of individuals who want to make polit-
ical contributions. 
I would ask the Republican leader: 
What about the privacy of tens of mil-
lions of women across the country? 
Those rights are now gone because rad-
ical Justices were put on the Court be-
cause of dark money in the first place. 
Does the Republican leader really 
think the supposed privacy of the bil-
lionaire donor class trumps the rights 
of women who have suffered the con-
sequences of dark money spending? 
He would also have us think that 
transparency requirements would add a 
burden to average Americans who want 
nothing more than to simply exercise 
their political opinions. 
That is bunkum. Those with the 
power to cut $10,000 or million-dollar 
checks can tilt the tide of an entire 
election with a single donation. These 
are individuals with outsized influence 
that average Americans simply don’t 
have. 
And when the Supreme Court ex-
tended the First Amendment to absurd 
lengths in Citizens United, they went 
way beyond what the Founding Fathers 
would have intended and what most 
Americans—the 
vast 
overwhelming 
majority of Americans—believe. 
At a bare minimum, the public has a 
right to know—simply to know—who is 
behind these massive donations be-
cause at the end of the day, it is their 
rights that are on the line. 
And all of these arguments are really 
just done to obscure the issue. I mean, 
it is hard to believe. It is hard to be-
lieve that people will be—multibillion-
aires will be intimidated if they have 
to disclose their attempts to influence 
elections. It is just incredible that 
someone could argue that. 
But all these arguments are made for 
one purpose by the Republican leader 
and others, in my judgment, and that 
is to obscure what is really at issue: 
The Republican Party for years has 
been built on a foundation of dark 
money. 
It is how they have hijacked our 
courts. It is how they have promoted 
groups that push for voter suppression. 
It is how they have killed climate poli-
cies for years before Democrats finally 
pushed through our climate invest-
ments earlier this year. 
In a healthy democracy, American 
voters alone should have the power to 
determine the Nation’s leaders without 
fear that their voices will be drowned 
out by powerful elites or special inter-
ests. Whether you are rich or poor, 
young or old, well connected or other-
wise, it shouldn’t matter. We should all 
be equal in our exercise of the fran-
chise. That doesn’t happen now. We all 
know that. The American people know 
it. Over 80 percent despise dark money. 
The DISCLOSE Act will help us re-
store that norm back into our politics 
by instilling transparency that we des-
perately need. Americans are tired of 
the corrosive power of dark money in 
our politics. They know something has 
been deeply amiss for a long time and 
that we need reforms to bring democ-
racy back into balance. 
So I urge my colleagues to support 
this measure. I urge my Republican 
colleagues to work with us to break 
the stranglehold that dark money has 
in our elections. This bill would be a 
very important and much needed start. 
Democracy can’t prosper without 
transparency. I strongly support pass-
ing this legislation so we can safeguard 
our electoral process and keep the 
dream of our Founders alive in this 
century. 
GOP AGENDA 
Madam President, now on another 
issue, tomorrow, a cohort of House Re-
publicans will travel to western Penn-
sylvania to roll out what they claim is 
their GOP agenda. 
I want to skip right to the punch 
line. The GOP has made its agenda per-
fectly clear for months: a nationwide 
ban on abortion, Medicare and Social 
Security on the chopping block, raising 
taxes on working families. 
While Democrats continue to fight to 
defend a woman’s right to choose, a 
central feature of the Republican agen-
da is eliminating abortions once and 
for all. Many of them will deny it, but, 
not 2 weeks ago, the Senator from 
South Carolina introduced a nation-
wide abortion ban here in the Senate. 
And the American people should not 
forget that nearly every Senate Repub-
lican is on record as sponsoring and 
voting for nationwide abortion bans. 
So if Americans want to know what 
the GOP agenda is, look no further. 
Also, while Democrats passed legisla-
tion to lower prescription drug costs 
and extend affordable healthcare, every 
single Republican voted against legis-
lation that would lower insulin costs 
for seniors on Medicare and have open-
ly called for putting Medicare and So-
cial Security on the chopping block. 
They seem to think tax cuts for the 
rich is good policy, but argue that 
Medicare and Social Security should 
no longer be guaranteed. 
And let’s not forget, when they had 
the House, the Senate, and the Presi-
dency, their major, major accomplish-
ment was cutting taxes on the rich— 
cutting taxes on the rich. Is that what 
the American people want? Well, if you 
do, elect these Republicans. 
Finally, while Democrats want to 
keep taxes down for the middle class 
and working families and we want to 
help Americans save on their electric 
bills and healthcare, the Senator from 
Florida, who chairs the Republican 
Senate campaign arm, has already re-
leased a GOP agenda that calls for rais-
ing taxes on working people. 
It is amazing that the election is 
around the corner, and Republicans are 
still struggling to show a united front 
that appeals to the American people. 
Their fundamental problem is that the 
GOP is now the party of MAGA extre-
mism, and there aren’t enough press 
conferences in the world to change that 
fact. 
TREATY DOCUMENT NO. 117–1 
Madam President, finally, on Kigali, 
yesterday was truly a high point for 
the U.S. Senate. After years of bipar-
tisan work, the Chamber ratified one of 
the most significant pro-climate, pro- 
job measures that has ever come to the 
floor, the Kigali Amendment. 
I thank the Senators from Delaware 
and New Jersey and Senators from so 
many other States who worked so hard 
to make this happen. 
Ratifying the Kigali Amendment, 
along with passing the Inflation Reduc-
tion Act, is the strongest one-two 
punch against climate change any Con-
gress has ever taken. Thanks to our 
commitment to phase out HFCs, we 
will put ourselves in a position to 
lower global temperatures by half a de-
gree Celsius by the end of the decade. 
So many people have overlooked this, 
but it is truly a significant milestone. 
Half a degree will have an enormous— 
an enormous—impact on the global 
scale. 
And the Kigali Amendment will also 
help American businesses secure an 
edge against China in the emerging in-
dustry of next-generation refrigerants. 
This market will see most of its growth 
outside the United States, and Kigali 
will make sure that U.S. businesses 
will be able to take advantage of new 
opportunities that will yield billions in 
investments and, best of all, will create 
tens of thousands of good-paying jobs 
along the way. 
So, once again, ratifying Kigali is a 
win-win-win—a win for U.S. jobs, a win 
for U.S. investment, and a win for U.S. 
leadership to protect the planet. 
I thank my colleagues for their ex-
cellent work in pushing Kigali finally 
over the finish line. 
I yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The clerk will call the roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
00:06 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G22SE6.002
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 48-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4943 
September 22, 2022 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. MCCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the order for the quorum 
call be rescinded. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER 
The Republican leader is recognized. 
REMEMBERING U.S. CAPITOL POLICE OFFICER 
WILLIAM THOMAS 
Mr. MCCONNELL. Madam President, 
first this morning, I was deeply sad-
dened to learn we lost a dedicated and 
long-serving member of the Senate 
family this week. 
Officer William Thomas of the United 
States Capitol Police passed away after 
a battle with cancer. He was only 38 
years young. 
Officer Thomas joined the force near-
ly 14 years ago. He quickly became a 
familiar face to many of the Senators 
and staff serving on this side of the 
Capitol. By all accounts, his dedica-
tion, his professionalism, and his serv-
ice in the Senate Division and most re-
cently in the Communications Division 
were a credit to the entire Department 
and to our institution. 
The loss of Officer Thomas leaves a 
hole in the close-knit community of 
brave men and women who keep us safe 
here at the Capitol. 
The 
entire 
Senate 
joins 
Officer 
Thomas’s brother Vincent, as well as 
his brothers and sisters here in uni-
form, in mourning this tragic loss. 
INFLATION 
Madam President, now on an entirely 
different matter, the painful story of 
Washington Democrats’ runaway infla-
tion is playing out in hard-working 
communities all across our country. 
We learned last week that food infla-
tion is now at its highest level since 
1979. 
For folks in the Phoenix metro area, 
where inflation already outpaces the 
national average, that has meant a
3-percent inflation tax on food in just 
the last 2 months. According to one Ar-
izona shopper: 
It’s all almost $300. I used to get the same 
groceries like around $150 before. 
Across the border in Nevada, the Las 
Vegas Review Journal reported re-
cently how local coffee shops are 
caught between eating higher costs for 
supplies and chasing their customers 
away with higher prices. The owner of 
one shop says that as everything from 
coffee beans to cups gets more expen-
sive, they have had to raise prices by 
about 10 percent: 
We’ve done our best not to pass this on to 
our customers, because we do understand 
that we are all in the same boat together. 
The Colorado Sun spoke with one 
new resident of Westminster who said 
he had moved to town to ‘‘lower the 
impact of an 18-percent rent increase.’’ 
He has cut back on cable, driving, and 
buying meat at the grocery store. 
In Washington State, the Seattle 
Times is reporting that 4 in 10 area 
renters are now spending more than 30 
percent of their paychecks on rent. 
When one resident learned her rent 
would be increasing by nearly 10 per-
cent, she said: 
I just wanted to cry. I’m barely making it. 
I’m just a senior citizen. 
In Georgia, the Augusta Press reports 
that local small businesses are still 
facing a rocky road. According to the 
owner of one power-washing business in 
Evans: ‘‘Materials are getting more ex-
pensive,’’ and potential clients are 
‘‘more hesitant to get any work done 
right now.’’ 
And further north, with winter cold 
fast approaching, one resident of Man-
chester, NH, told the local news that 
heating oil subsidies were appreciated, 
but ‘‘I feel like it’s a Band-Aid after 
they’ve stabbed you.’’ 
So these are the real-world con-
sequences—real-world 
consequences— 
of Washington Democrats’ inflation. 
Every corner of every State is writing 
its own painful story. But the ones I 
just mentioned have something unfor-
tunate in common. Every resident of 
Arizona, 
Washington, 
Nevada, 
New 
Hampshire, Colorado, and Georgia is 
represented by two Senators each who 
cast the deciding vote to set this infla-
tion in motion. If just one single Sen-
ator—just one—from Georgia, Arizona, 
Colorado, New Hampshire, or Wash-
ington had refused to give their vote to 
President Biden’s reckless spending, 
the working families and small busi-
ness owners of these States would not 
be dealing with this much inflation, pe-
riod. But every one of those States’ 
Senators cast tie-breaking votes to 
bring on the worst inflation in four 
decades, and now every American is 
paying the price. 
DISCLOSE ACT 
Madam President, now on one final 
matter, Democrats’ reckless policies 
have stuck the American people with 
an inflation crisis, a border crisis, a 
violent crime crisis, and an energy cri-
sis. 
Today, this Democrat Senate major-
ity is spending time on legislation that 
tackles none of these things. They 
aren’t addressing any of the problems 
that keep moms and dads up at night. 
They aren’t tackling any of the issues 
that are leaving small business owners 
unable to pay their bills or unsafe in 
inner-city locations, or both. They 
aren’t spending 10 seconds of the Sen-
ate’s time exploring the disconnect be-
tween Vice President HARRIS who says 
‘‘we have a secure border’’ and the ille-
gal immigrant who told a reporter last 
week: 
Everybody believes the border is open . . . 
we see it on the news that everybody comes 
in illegally, so we do the same. 
So, the Democrats don’t want to 
spend time on the people’s business 
today. They would rather spend time 
on their business—something we have 
seen time and time again over the last 
2 years. 
Today’s liberal pet priority is a piece 
of 
legislation 
designed 
to 
give 
unelected Federal bureaucrats vastly 
more power over private citizens’ First 
Amendment rights and political activ-
ism and to strip privacy away from 
Americans who speak out about poli-
tics in their private lives. 
More power for Washington, DC, cen-
sors; less privacy for private citizens; 
and throw some ice on the First 
Amendment. That is what our col-
leagues across the aisle have made 
their top priority for the day. 
So I have to state, it is a novel re-
sponse to flagging poll numbers and 
public outcry. Instead of trying to 
clean up the border mess, the crime 
mess, or the inflation mess, my Demo-
cratic colleagues decided it would be 
easier just to erode the American peo-
ple’s right to complain about it in the 
first place. 
The legislation I am speaking about 
itself is an insult to the First Amend-
ment, and the notion that it gets Sen-
ate floor time today above everything 
else is truly an insult to the working 
people of this country. 
So I would urge my colleagues on 
both sides to stand with the Constitu-
tion, stand with our citizens who de-
serve better, and vote no. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The majority whip. 
DISCLOSE ACT 
Mr. DURBIN. Does the name ‘‘Barre 
Seid’’ ring a bell? Barre Seid, of Chi-
cago, a businessman—a successful busi-
nessman. He was born in 1932, and he 
owned a company called Tripp Lite 
that made electronic products. 
He was very successful in the course 
of his life, but he decided to donate the 
value of this company to something 
known as the Marble Freedom Trust. 
Does that ring a bell? Barre Seid, Mar-
ble Freedom Trust? 
The reason I bring this up on the 
floor of the United States Senate is, 
Mr. Seid, with this gift of $1.6 billion to 
Marble Freedom Trust is setting out to 
change America. 
Wait a minute. A 90-year-old indi-
vidual, who has been charitable in 
many ways, gives money away and it 
changes America? Yes. I stand by my 
comment, because the Marble Freedom 
Trust is now becoming the largest dark 
money—secret money—contributor to 
American political campaigns in the 
history of the United States. And if 
you think I am overreacting, the go-to 
leader of the Marble Freedom Trust is 
a man named Leonard Leo. 
I am sure none of these names reg-
ister with most Americans—Barre Seid 
of Chicago, Marble Freedom Trust, 
Leonard Leo. What does this have to do 
with what my family is worried about? 
Well, let me get to the bottom line be-
cause the leader from the Republican 
side just alluded to it. 
This $1.6 billion is going to be in-
vested in political campaigns on the 
right for conservative Republican can-
didates, period. 
Leonard Leo has a pedigree and well- 
known background of involvement in 
politics in Washington, and he has been 
very successful. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:04 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G22SE6.003
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 49-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4944 
September 22, 2022 
I am a member of the Senate Judici-
ary Committee, currently chairman; 
but over the years I have watched, over 
the Trump years, every judicial nomi-
nee approved by the Republicans had to 
pass one litmus test: They had to be 
cleared by the Federalist Society. Now, 
that is another name which the aver-
age American family won’t recognize, 
but let me tell you what the Federalist 
Society is. The Federalist Society is a 
clearinghouse for lawyers who want to 
be judges. You have got to join it. You 
have got to pay your dues. You have 
got to show up. Most importantly, you 
have to pass the checklist of required 
positions on issues before you can be-
come a judge on the Republican side. 
That happened over and over and 
over again in the hearings we had for 
nominees for lifetime appointments to 
the Federal court during the Trump ad-
ministration. 
I would ask these lawyers sitting be-
fore us, when you could question them: 
Tell me about the Federalist Society. 
Oh, we just got together for lunch 
once in a while. It is not that big a 
deal. 
But what a coincidence that every 
nominee had to be approved by the 
Federalist Society, and it didn’t end 
there. When former President Trump 
put out his list of potential Supreme 
Court nominees, which included the 
three whom he ended up choosing, all 
of them were provided by the Fed-
eralist Society—the Federalist Society 
and Leonard Leo. 
Sadly, they got the job done. Senator 
MCCONNELL
was complicit in that. 
When there was a vacancy on the Su-
preme Court with the untimely death 
of Antonin Scalia, it was Senator 
MCCONNELL
and Senate Republicans 
who blocked President Obama in his 
last year in office from filling that va-
cancy. In fact, they refused—they said 
to their Members: Don’t even meet 
with the man. 
Here is Merrick Garland, a respected 
jurist on the DC Circuit, nominated to 
the highest Court in the land, can’t 
even get an appointment with a Repub-
lican Senator to plead his case that he 
would be a good nominee. And the rea-
son? Senator MCCONNELL
was bound 
and determined to make sure that a 
Federalist Society nominee eventually 
made it to the Court, and he got his 
way. 
So now we have Leonard Leo in a 
new role. God only knows how much 
they are paying him. But this man is 
now set up on a new political agenda. 
It is the largest dark money, secret 
money effort in the history of the 
United States. How did we learn about 
Barre Seid giving $1.6 billion to this 
Marble 
Freedom 
Trust? 
Someone 
leaked it to the newspapers. Otherwise, 
it would have gone unnoticed because 
this is, in fact, the world of dark and 
secret money. 
Senator MCCONNELL made a passing 
reference to the fact that we are about 
to vote on something called the DIS-
CLOSE Act. The DISCLOSE Act—and I 
want to salute Senator WHITEHOUSE, 
who is not on the floor at the moment. 
The DISCLOSE Act is really pretty 
basic. We are going to vote today on 
this provision which would be added to 
our campaign law—protecting Amer-
ican democracy from foreign inter-
ference and requiring super PACs and 
special interest groups to disclose any-
one contributing $10,000 or more to 
their cause. That is it. We don’t pro-
hibit the actual contribution; we just 
require disclosure. Where is it coming 
from? 
The reason we ask for this is that 
you go State by State with the heated 
campaigns of the day, and you will find 
all sorts of ads online and on tele-
vision, and you have to race to the TV 
set to get close enough to read the 
small print at the end of the ad that 
explains who pays for it. If you knew 
who really paid for it, it would explain 
a lot of things to you. 
I have been, for example, at war with 
the major credit card companies, Visa 
and MasterCard. They have a duopoly. 
And I believe they overcharge con-
sumers across America, and they are a 
contributor to inflation. In fact, they 
admit that much. So, as a result, I 
passed an amendment 8 or 10 years ago 
which they have branded the ‘‘Durbin 
amendment’’ which limits debit card 
swipe fees, interchange fees—I get into 
the world of finance here—and they 
hate it. 
Visa 
and 
MasterCard 
hated 
my 
amendment like the Devil hates holy 
water. Why? Because it costs them $8 
billion a year. It reduces the add-on 
charges that retailers—restaurants and 
shops—have to charge when people use 
a Visa and MasterCard. So, every once 
in a while, they work up the courage to 
come at me again and try to undo this 
amendment, and they buy television 
ads. Do the television ads say that they 
are paid for by Visa and MasterCard? 
No. They say they are paid for by the 
Committee for a Better America or 
something. 
What we are trying to do with the 
DISCLOSE Act is give to the voters of 
this country more information and, in 
so doing, protect the whole process 
from corruption by foreign money 
being spent or by individuals like Mr. 
Seid, who puts $1.6 billion into the 
treasury of the Republican side. 
Now, if they came to the floor to de-
bate this—and I don’t think they will— 
they are likely to say: Well, you do the 
same thing. You use dark money and 
such. 
It is true that the campaign system 
is set up for organizations not to dis-
close, but we are authoring the solu-
tion to the problem for both political 
parties. We are standing by a reform 
and a change—Senator WHITEHOUSE has 
led the way—that would literally say 
to America: You have the right to 
know. Who is paying for this can-
didate’s ads? Who is putting all those 
ads on TV? What special interest group 
is behind this cause? 
Now, Senator MCCONNELL
says we 
should be dealing with serious issues. 
There is no more serious issue than the 
integrity of our campaign process. And 
I know, as a person who has been a can-
didate over many years, that it has 
changed dramatically. I can remember 
not that long ago when the first super 
PAC effort on the Democratic Senate 
side raised something in the range of $4 
million to $10 million. Well, I can tell 
you that has been increasing by mul-
tiples every year, and on the other 
side, it is the same story. 
Do we need to sit down both political 
parties and put an end to this madness? 
Do we need to tell Mr. Seid and his 
family: Take your $1.6 billion and 
spend it for something that is really 
wholesome and of value to your com-
munity and your Nation, rather than 
to get into the hunt to be the biggest 
spender. 
Mr. Seid became the biggest spender 
of campaign funds in the history of the 
United States with his $1.6 billion con-
tribution to Leonard Leo, the Marble 
Trust, and the Republican cause. That 
is a fact. I think we ought to change it. 
This system we have in America is one 
we need to protect and not exploit. 
When the U.S. Supreme Court in Citi-
zens United decided that money was 
speech and that corporations had a 
right to speak, it really corrupted the 
system in ways unimaginable. We are 
living with the results today. Citizens 
United was a terrible decision. Search 
the Constitution all day and night for 
the word ‘‘corporations,’’ and you 
won’t even find it. This is no constitu-
tional protection. And the idea that if 
you are rich, you can speak more loud-
ly and more often in America is a cor-
ruption of the basic rights we all 
should protect and enjoy. 
So I am going to vote in favor of the 
DISCLOSE Act. I don’t think it is as 
insignificant as the Senator from Ken-
tucky does. I think it gets to the heart 
of the issue about the future of our de-
mocracy. 
CONTINUING RESOLUTION 
Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, this 
Senate is facing an important deadline. 
Eight days from today, September 30, 
is the end of the fiscal year. That 
leaves us just a handful of legislative 
days to pass a continuing resolution 
that will keep the government oper-
ating while Congress negotiates a Fed-
eral budget for the next fiscal year. 
It is critical that we come to agree-
ment as quickly as possible on a re-
sponsible Federal budget for next year. 
While we continue our negotiations, it 
is also critical that we not lose mo-
mentum on two life-and-death battles 
in which we are now seeing hard-won 
progress. 
I am speaking about our efforts to fi-
nally end the COVID pandemic—as well 
as our Nation’s efforts to help Ukraine 
repel Russia’s immoral and illegal war 
on that small democracy. 
Finally, we can help our fellow Amer-
icans who are suffering in the wake of 
a catastrophic Hurricane Fiona in 
Puerto Rico, recent devastating floods 
in Kentucky, and other natural disas-
ters. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
00:06 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00004
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G22SE6.005
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 50-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4945 
September 22, 2022 
Because, when disasters overwhelm 
the ability of communities and even 
States to respond, we don’t abandon 
our fellow citizens to suffer alone. We 
reach out our hand to help. 
I want to take a few minutes to 
speak about each of these priorities 
that must be included in the con-
tinuing resolution. In recent weeks, 
the world has seen a stunning contrast 
in courage, leadership, and decency 
play out on the world stage. In 
Ukraine, 
we 
have 
witnessed 
the 
Ukrainian military retake thousands 
of square miles of territory in the 
Kharkiv region in a lightning counter-
offensive against the Soviet occupiers. 
We have seen weeping men and women 
able to return to their communities. 
Others have come out of their homes 
and basements for the first times in 
months, overwhelmed with emotion at 
what they hope is the end of their 
nightmare. Still other Ukrainians are 
beginning the heartbreaking work of 
exhuming bodies from discovered mass 
graves and documenting Russian war 
crimes and atrocities. 
This 
is 
Ukrainian 
President, 
Volodymyr Zelenskyy last week in the 
newly liberated city of Izyum. Presi-
dent Zelenskyy is singing the Ukrain-
ian national anthem during a Ukrain-
ian flag-raising ceremony with mem-
bers of the country’s armed forces who 
drove out the Russian occupiers. He 
resolutely proclaimed, that while Rus-
sia may still occupy parts of Ukraine, 
for now ‘‘[i]t is definitely impossible to 
occupy our people, the Ukrainian peo-
ple.’’ 
And what was happening in Moscow 
as Ukrainian communities were being 
liberated—and neglected and demor-
alized Russian troops were fleeing in 
haste? Vladimir Putin, who has never 
visited the Russian soldiers he so cyni-
cally uses for his disastrous war in 
Ukraine, was opening a giant Ferris 
wheel at an amusement park, trying to 
give a facade of normalcy. Putin is ter-
rified that the Russian people will 
learn the truth about his failed and 
grotesque war—a war fueled by lies, 
war crimes, and Putin’s warped nos-
talgia for a Soviet dystopia. Why else 
would he censor the news and jail any-
one who criticizes the war? Why else 
would he imprison brave Russian patri-
ots such as Alexei Navalny and Vladi-
mir Kara-Murza who respect the Rus-
sian people by speaking the truth and 
offering real debate? Just 1 day after 
Putin opened the Ferris wheel in Mos-
cow, the ride broke down, leaving some 
people dangling high off the ground. It 
was a pathetic and apt metaphor for 
Putin’s 
disastrous 
war 
against 
Ukraine. Putin vowed that Russia 
would take Ukraine in days, maybe in 
hours. That was nearly 7 months ago. 
Today, Russia is losing its war against 
Ukraine. 
From the earliest days of this war, 
when Ukrainian forces repelled Russian 
forces trying to seize Kiev and set up a 
puppet government, U.S. and allied 
support has been critical to Ukraine’s 
military success. The successful coun-
teroffensive we are seeing today is due, 
first and foremost, to the heroism of 
President Zelenskyy and the Ukrainian 
people. But it’s also a reflection of 
President Biden’s foresight and leader-
ship in rallying our allies and pro-
viding timely and formidable assist-
ance to Ukraine. 
Yet we cannot assume that Ukraine’s 
victory is inevitable. A wounded beast 
is dangerous. Russia still occupies 
large swathes of Ukraine and is threat-
ening to unleash even more powerful 
weapons in a desperate attempt to 
avoid complete defeat. In fact, over the 
last 24 hours alone, Putin has made a 
number of desperate and increasingly 
unhinged announcements: calling for a 
partial mobilization of more Russian 
reservists 
despite 
mounting 
losses; 
making further veiled threats of using 
nuclear weapons; and pursuing sham 
referendums across eastern Ukraine, 
beginning as early as this Friday, echo-
ing his past illegitimate actions in Cri-
mea. Let me be clear that the U.S. 
never recognized the annexation of Cri-
mea. 
Today, Senator RUBIO and I will in-
troduce legislation making clear the 
U.S. will never recognize Russia’s an-
nexation of any other part of Ukraine. 
All this is a reminder of why we must 
pass additional aid to Ukraine as part 
of the continuing resolution without 
delay. 
This war is not simply a war between 
Russia and Ukraine. It is a battle be-
tween democracy and autocracy. It is 
cheaper for us, and it is unquestionably 
in our national security interest, to 
win this war while it is still contained 
within Ukraine. 
Madam President, ending the COVID 
pandemic once and for all is another 
battle that we are winning and can’t 
afford to give up on now. When Presi-
dent Biden took office, he set an ambi-
tious goal: to vaccinate 70 percent of 
American adults. We have done that— 
and more. Today, almost 80 percent of 
all Americans—more than 260 million 
people—are well on their way to being 
fully vaccinated. Experts tell us those 
vaccinations have helped prevent more 
than 60 million infections in the United 
States, 17 million hospitalizations, and 
more than 2 million deaths. That is a 
modern medical miracle. But we are 
not out of danger completely. The 
virus is still circulating, still mutat-
ing, and still sickening and killing peo-
ple. America is still seeing 57,000 new 
COVID infections daily, with more 
than 30,000 people hospitalized and 
more than 400 people dying each day. 
In March, President Biden asked for 
additional funding and resources to 
continue the fight against COVID. For 
months, 
our 
Republican 
colleagues 
have blocked that request. Their ob-
struction has had serious costs. With 
another COVID surge likely on its way 
this fall, the administration is running 
out of funds to purchase and distribute 
COVID vaccines. And it has been forced 
to pause part of its free testing pro-
gram. President Biden is right; we have 
made huge progress against COVID. 
But history shows us what happens 
when we declare a pandemic to be over 
prematurely. The flu pandemic of 1918, 
which killed at least 50 million people 
worldwide, had at least 4 waves over 
about 2 years. In some cities, the 
fourth wave killed even more people 
than the second wave. Why was the 
fourth wave so much deadlier? Because, 
by then, people had grown tired of pre-
cautions and given up on them. We 
can’t repeat that deadly mistake. 
We need to pass the administration’s 
request for additional funds for public 
and global health so that we can end 
the COVID pandemic once and for all, 
and we must also dedicate more funds 
to 
helping 
stop 
the 
spread 
of 
monkeypox. I also strongly support the 
administration’s request for additional 
funding for the Global Fund to fight 
AIDS, tuberculosis, and malaria, as 
well as Gavi, the Vaccine Alliance, to 
control the spread of the pandemic 
amid potential new variants. 
Finally, as I said, Madam President, 
we must include in the continuing res-
olution disaster relief funds to help our 
fellow Americans who are suffering in 
the wake of natural disasters in Puerto 
Rico, Kentucky, California, and many 
other States. The entire island of Puer-
to Rico—more than 1 million people— 
lost power this weekend as it was bat-
tered by Hurricane Fiona, almost ex-
actly 5 years after the devastation of 
Hurricane Maria. Roughly 70 percent of 
residents and businesses lost access to 
clean water, with massive flooding still 
ongoing. I stand ready to do all I can to 
provide Federal support to the island 
and 
other 
communities 
recovering 
from disasters this year. They need our 
help now. I hope my Republican col-
leagues will join Democrats in pro-
viding it. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Madam Presi-
dent, I understand that Senator THUNE 
is next in order on the floor, but not 
seeing him on the floor, I thought I 
would take the time before he arrives 
to echo the terrific remarks of my Ju-
diciary chairman, DICK DURBIN. 
As I think people know, a lot of 
money has been spent in this effort to 
control the Court by special interests. 
Indeed, the last count is that it cost 
$580 million in dark money to achieve 
that purpose. I don’t know anybody 
who spends nearly $600 million—more 
than half a billion dollars—without 
having a purpose in mind. And when 
you see the undoing of women’s right 
to determine their own reproductive 
choice, when you see new weaponry 
rolled out against pollution regula-
tions, when you see 100-year-old gun 
laws being taken down, when you see 
the agenda of the big-money rightwing 
being implemented by the Court, it be-
gins to look like, in fact, they got their 
money’s worth, and they didn’t mind 
spending big. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
00:06 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00005
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G22SE6.008
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 51-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4946 
September 22, 2022 
One of the ways they did this was to 
make sure that all of the Trump selec-
tions of nominees went through the 
Federalist Society. Never in our his-
tory has that happened, with a private 
organization stepping in and deciding 
who would be on the Supreme Court. 
I see that Senator THUNE has arrived. 
The floor is his. I will interrupt my re-
marks because I was just filling time. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from South Dakota. 
Mr. THUNE. Madam President, I 
thank the Senator from Rhode Island 
for yielding. I appreciate his kindness. 
I know he has got a lot to say on the 
subject, and hopefully he will be able 
to get back to it. 
ENERGY 
Madam President, I want to speak 
just a minute about the issue of high 
energy prices and high grocery prices 
that have become a distinguishing fea-
ture of the Biden economy. 
Electricity prices increased 15.8 per-
cent in August, the largest year-over- 
year increase since 1981—1981. I wasn’t 
even married the last time we saw elec-
tricity increases like this, and now I 
have grandkids. 
Utility gas service was up 33 percent 
from a year ago in August—33 percent 
increase year over year from August. 
The price of home heating oil, which 
many households in places like New 
Hampshire rely on to keep their homes 
warm in the winter, has soared. All 
told, the National Energy Assistance 
Directors Association estimates that 
home heating costs for the winter heat-
ing season will average $1,202—a 17.2- 
percent increase from last season. 
I haven’t even mentioned gas prices. 
Gas prices may have decreased from 
their $5 high this summer—partly as a 
result of President Biden’s problematic 
decision to draw down our Nation’s 
emergency petroleum reserves to their 
lowest point since 1985, with no plan to 
refill them—but customers are still 
paying $1.30 more per gallon than they 
were when President Biden took office. 
The average price for a gallon of gas 
has increased this week, ending a 
streak of diminishing, although still 
high, gas prices. 
Madam President, if there is one 
thing we should be doing about high 
energy prices, it is increasing our do-
mestic energy supply, including our 
supply of conventional energy—name-
ly, oil and natural gas. I am a longtime 
supporter of alternative energy, and I 
come from a State that derives a sub-
stantial portion of its electricity gen-
eration from wind. In fact, in 2021, over 
50 percent of our State’s power genera-
tion came from wind and 30 percent 
came from hydroelectric on the Mis-
souri River. But if it weren’t for tradi-
tional fossil fuels backing up that gen-
eration, especially on days when the 
wind is still, we would be left in the 
dark. 
The fact of the matter is, no matter 
how much Democrats might wish it 
were 
otherwise, 
alternative 
energy 
technology has simply not advanced to 
the point where our country can rely 
exclusively on alternative energy. At-
tempting to pretend we have advanced 
further than we have or have solved all 
the requisite supply chain hurdles will 
lead to nothing but economic pain for 
American families. 
Just look at California, whose over-
reliance on alternative energy tech-
nology has resulted in an electricity 
grid that cannot sustain the demands 
being placed on it. Californians were 
recently asked to ration their energy 
usage and refrain from charging elec-
tric cars during certain hours to reduce 
strain on the grid. Yet the State has 
issued a final regulation that will re-
quire all new cars sold in the State to 
be electric or otherwise zero emission 
by 2035. I don’t see this ending well for 
Californians. This is the kind of unreal-
istic thinking that has permeated pret-
ty much the entire Democratic Party. 
I am all for advancing clean energy 
technologies. I have done a lot of work 
here in Congress to advance clean en-
ergy, from renewable fuels to wind en-
ergy. But until clean energy tech-
nology has advanced to the point where 
it can truly, reliably, and affordably 
supply America’s energy needs, we 
need to continue to invest in respon-
sible conventional energy production 
as part of the ‘‘all of the above’’ energy 
strategy that we need for this country. 
Otherwise, 
the 
high 
energy 
prices 
Americans are struggling with right 
now could get even worse and persist 
long into the future. 
President Biden, of course, has been 
discouraging conventional energy pro-
duction since day one, which is one 
reason why high energy prices have be-
come a defining feature of the Biden 
administration. From canceling the 
Keystone XL Pipeline, to discouraging 
investment 
in 
conventional 
energy 
with a targeted ESG agenda, to making 
it more difficult for oil and gas compa-
nies to develop leases, President Biden 
has shown a distinct hostility to con-
ventional energy. 
Last month, the President signed 
into law the so-called Inflation Reduc-
tion Act, the partisan tax-and-spending 
spree the Democrats jammed through 
Congress in August. Now, I have men-
tioned the high energy prices Ameri-
cans have been experiencing. Well, ap-
parently, Democrats think that the 
best solution is to pass a bunch of new 
fees and tax hikes that will drive up 
energy prices further. 
Their so-called Inflation Reduction 
Act includes a slate of taxes on conven-
tional energy production at the worst 
possible time. The methane fee in their 
bill alone has the potential to drive 
Americans’ natural gas bills by 17 per-
cent—17 percent—just what Americans 
need while they are paying 15.8 percent 
more for electricity and 33 percent 
more for utility gas service and $1.30 
more for every gallon of gasoline. 
But at least Americans can feel good 
about the fact that their tax dollars 
will be going to fund Democrats’ Green 
New Deal fantasies, like tax credits for 
wealthy Americans to purchase elec-
tric vehicles. That is right. The so- 
called Inflation Reduction Act—which, 
by the way, even the Democrat chair-
man of the Senate Budget Committee 
admits will do nothing to fix infla-
tion—pours hundreds of billions of dol-
lars—taxpayer dollars—into Green New 
Deal priorities. 
In addition to tax credits for wealthy 
Americans, the Inflation Reduction 
Act also includes funding for things 
like expensive electric vehicles for the 
U.S. Postal Service, mitigating urban 
heat island hotspots and monitoring 
gaps in tree canopy coverage, and cli-
mate-related political activity. That is 
right—climate-related political activ-
ity. 
Democrats 
succeeded 
in 
pushing 
through the Inflation Reduction Act— 
and its tax hikes on conventional en-
ergy—by promising one of their Mem-
bers a vote on permitting reform legis-
lation. 
Real permitting reform is something 
I heartily endorse. Too many energy 
permits spend years mired in bureauc-
racy, leading to completely needless 
delays in energy development. Clean-
ing up the permitting process would 
help advance both conventional and re-
newable energy production. 
Unfortunately, it is not clear that 
the permitting reform deal that was re-
leased last night will do anything to 
meaningfully 
address 
permitting 
delays and, in some cases, could make 
things worse. 
For one, it would expand FERC’s au-
thority to override State jurisdiction 
for projects the President designates as 
‘‘national interest facilities,’’ which is 
why the South Dakota Public Utilities 
Commission is opposed to it. And it 
would give States wide latitude to kill 
the very infrastructure projects the 
bill purports to expedite by expanding 
the State Clean Water Act jurisdiction. 
In other sections where this proposal 
seeks to shorten deadlines for various 
stages of permitting, which is a goal I 
support, 
the 
consequences 
for 
not 
meeting a deadline are merely noti-
fying the Office of Management and 
Budget and the lead Department Sec-
retary. It is hard to see this actually 
moving the chains. 
On top of that, it is starting to seem 
extremely doubtful that Democrats ac-
tually have the votes in their con-
ference to pass permitting reform leg-
islation. 
Republicans, thanks to the efforts of 
Senator CAPITO, have a meaningful, 
substantive 
permitting 
reform 
bill 
ready to go. It is supported by every 
Member of our conference. It would 
need the support of just 10 Democrat 
Senators to pass. It would be nice to 
think that there are 10 moderate Dem-
ocrat Senators—if the words ‘‘Demo-
crat’’ and ‘‘moderate’’ can still go to-
gether in this time of the Democratic 
Party’s rapid push to the extreme 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
00:06 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00006
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G22SE6.009
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 52-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4947 
September 22, 2022 
left—who would be willing to join Re-
publicans to pass our legislation and fi-
nally take a real step to ease the bur-
den of high energy prices on American 
families. 
But given the President’s and the 
Democratic Party’s hostility to any 
measure that would genuinely start ad-
dressing high energy prices, I am not 
holding my breath. 
High prices—for energy and just 
about everything else—have become 
the distinguishing feature of the Biden 
economy, and if Democrats continue to 
take steps to discourage conventional 
energy production, high energy prices 
will be a Democrat legacy that lasts 
long into the future. 
I yield the floor. 
The 
PRESIDING 
OFFICER 
(Mr. 
BOOKER). The Senator from Rhode Is-
land. 
S. 4822 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, 
the place where I left off, when Senator 
THUNE
came to the floor, was dis-
cussing the extent to which huge floods 
of dark money had taken control of our 
Supreme Court. I will just dig into that 
a little bit further while we have a mo-
ment, because one of the vehicles for 
this effort was the Federalist Society. 
It is extremely unusual in any mod-
ern democracy that the selection of 
who got onto the Supreme Court would 
be parceled out to a private organiza-
tion. It is even more peculiar when 
that private organization has a very 
distinct political and ideological bent, 
and it is worse still when that private 
organization, while acting as the gate-
keeper to Supreme Court appoint-
ments, was receiving massive dark 
money infusions. 
Before it got that role, the Federalist 
Society did not get loads of dark 
money. Back in 2002, their anonymous 
donations summed to a grand total of 
$5,000. But once it became clear that 
they were the gatekeeper to the Su-
preme Court for the Republican Party, 
by 2019, they were up to $7 million 
pouring in in dark money. 
We don’t know how those names were 
picked for Donald Trump’s Federalist 
Society list. There was no public proc-
ess. There was no disclosure. There was 
some back room someplace where 
those lists were assembled. And who 
got a voice controlling who got on that 
list, I suspect, has a lot to do with that 
$7 million. 
Again, when you are spending $7 mil-
lion, you are not kidding around. You 
want results, and they have got them. 
The other piece of the pie here is one 
of Leonard Leo’s little nodes of phony 
front groups funded by dark money. He 
has got an 85 Fund and a Concord 
Fund, a 501(c)(3) and a 501(c)(4). That is 
the state of the art in dark money po-
litical manipulation: You do a 501(c)3. 
You do a 501(c)(4). You put them in the 
same office with the same staff, with 
the same oversight and the same 
funders, but you pretend that they are 
different. Then, to make it even more 
complicated, you file under Virginia 
corporate law fictitious names—that is 
what it is actually called under Vir-
ginia corporate law—fictitious names 
for other front groups. So in this dark 
money Court capture machine, even 
the front groups have front groups. 
One of them is right here. It is called 
the Judicial Crisis Network. The Judi-
cial Crisis Network was the one that 
took in the dark money from anony-
mous big donors to push out the tele-
vision ads to capture the Court: ads for 
Gorsuch, ads for Kavanaugh, and ads 
for Barrett. They put out some pretty 
good money to do that. For Gorsuch, 
they spent $21 million. For Kavanaugh, 
they spent $17 million. For Barrett, as 
far as we know so far, they spent $14 
million. These came in not from grass-
roots donations. The checks were as 
big as $15 million. The checks were as 
big as $17 million. And if the same per-
son was writing those $15 million and 
$17 million checks, our count is that it 
is $60 million or more. And if one per-
son has paid $60 million or more to in-
fluence who gets on the Supreme Court 
and we don’t know what business they 
have before the Court, that is an open 
avenue and prescription for corruption. 
Right now, after all that money got 
spent by the Judicial Crisis Network to 
push all those rightwing FedSoc Jus-
tices onto the Court, the Honest Elec-
tions Project, another fictitious-name 
leg of this dark money critter, is in the 
Supreme Court right now pushing the 
argument developed by John East-
man—the Big Lie argument that in 
Georgia and other States the State leg-
islature should be able to throw out 
the outcome of a Federal election and 
replace the winner of it with the person 
they want. 
The theory is so extreme that it even 
posits that the State court system 
can’t control the State legislature. The 
principle of judicial review of legisla-
tive acts is undone by this. It is wildly 
extreme. 
But there is the Honest Elections 
Project—so-called—showing 
up 
in 
Court as an amicus, pushing the Big 
Lie theory to the very judges who the 
Judicial Crisis Network paid to get on 
the Court. 
And guess what. Do you think they 
disclosed to anybody that that was the 
connection? No, I have got to come to 
the floor of the Senate to point that 
out because the Supreme Court, which 
is behind so much of this—the unlim-
ited money, the failure to enforce the 
transparency requirement, the gobs of 
dark money that are going through— 
also won’t enforce the rule that re-
quires amicus curiae, the people who 
file the briefs, to tell the Court and the 
other parties who is really behind 
them. So they are getting away with it 
from the judges who got put on the 
Court. 
This whole dark money problem goes 
well beyond just dirty dark money 
flooding into our elections. It goes be-
yond the cause of the slime of the 
dirty, noxious TV ads that come pour-
ing out of our television screens, pour-
ing through our devices with a phony- 
baloney name behind the advertise-
ment. 
The good Senator is from New Jer-
sey. 
Perhaps 
it 
could 
be 
‘‘New 
Jerseyans for Peace and Puppies and 
Prosperity.’’ 
Anybody watching the ad knows that 
that is not a real organization. And 
what does it tell you, as a citizen, when 
slimily, lying, dirty smear ads are 
being pushed through to you, through 
your TV screen, through your device by 
a group that you know is a phony? How 
do you have confidence in that? 
I will close because Senator HIRONO 
is here, and I want to have her speak. 
But I will say that I am not alone in 
thinking that requiring people to stand 
up and identify who they are when they 
are trying to influence our politics is a 
distinctly American quality. 
In fact, I quote: 
Requiring people to stand up in public for 
their political acts fosters civic courage, 
without which democracy is doomed. For my 
part, I do not look forward to a society 
which, thanks to the Supreme Court, cam-
paigns anonymously . . . and even exercises 
the direct democracy of initiative and ref-
erendum hidden from public scrutiny and 
protected from the accountability of criti-
cism. This does not resemble the Home of 
the Brave. 
The author of that: Justice Antonin 
Scalia. 
I will continue later, but I want to 
defer to the busy schedule of my friend 
Senator HIRONO. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Hawaii. 
Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, I want 
to thank my colleague from Rhode Is-
land, Senator WHITEHOUSE, for his long 
and strong advocacy for cleaning up 
the scourge of dark money in our coun-
try. 
Our country was built on the found-
ing principles of democracy, where 
every person has a say—a democracy 
where the American people can make 
their voices heard in free and fair elec-
tions and we the people can decide the 
direction of our country. But in 2010, 
the Roberts Court, in an obvious act of 
judicial activism, struck down cor-
porate campaign contribution restric-
tions found in the Bipartisan Campaign 
Reform Act. Suddenly, the Supreme 
Court said that corporations are people 
who have First Amendment constitu-
tional rights to make campaign con-
tributions. 
This decision opened the floodgates 
to billions of dollars of dark money to 
influence our elections, our Courts, and 
our thinking on issues from gun safety 
to abortion. 
When the Supreme Court held that 
political speech by a corporation is 
protected by the First Amendment, it 
left for Congress just the narrow au-
thority to take action to require dis-
closure of donor names. 
After knocked-down, dragged-out ne-
gotiations in the U.S. House in 2010—I 
was there—the House passed a disclo-
sure bill, only to see it fail in the Sen-
ate very narrowly without the support 
of a single Republican. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
00:06 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00007
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G22SE6.011
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 53-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4948 
September 22, 2022 
Back then, we had the chance to re-
quire political spending disclosures so 
that the American people could see 
who was contributing millions to influ-
ence election outcomes. 
So here we are, more than a decade 
later, and now it is not millions but 
billions of dollars flowing undisclosed 
into races across the country. Our 
country is awash in undisclosed money 
that is subverting the will of the Amer-
ican people. 
When 85 percent of the American peo-
ple support reproductive freedom, 65 
percent of the American people support 
gun safety, and 63 percent of the Amer-
ican people support protecting the 
right to vote and Senate Republicans 
are preventing us from even having a 
legislative debate on the floor on these 
issues, what does that tell you? It tells 
you that too many elected officials are 
no longer answering to the people but, 
instead, to the secret donors and cor-
porations who are funding their cam-
paigns. 
But it is not just elected officials 
that have been influenced. Mega-cor-
porations and the ultrawealthy have 
spent millions to stack our courts. One 
dark money group already spent more 
than $30 million in total on the nomi-
nations 
of 
Neil 
Gorsuch, 
Brett 
Kavanaugh, and Amy Coney Barrett to 
the U.S. Supreme Court, where they 
sit, in my view, busily overturning 
precedents such as Roe v. Wade. 
For the sake of our democracy, we 
need to get rid of the anonymous 
spending influencing our elections and 
our courts. That is a goal that every-
one should be able to get behind re-
gardless of whether you are a Demo-
crat or a Republican. In fact, many of 
my Republican colleagues agree. The 
senior Senator from Iowa said dark 
money is ‘‘attacking the independence 
of the judiciary.’’ Another said dark 
money is ‘‘sowing public distrust in the 
legitimacy of the Supreme Court.’’ 
There is bipartisan agreement to 
limit dark money, but, sadly, we know 
Republicans too often say one thing 
and then do another because not a sin-
gle one of them so far has voiced sup-
port for even considering the DIS-
CLOSE Act, which we will be voting to 
advance today, a bill that would in-
crease transparency and accountability 
in political spending, a bill that would 
do the very thing that some leading 
Republicans have called for. 
When given the chance, I hope my 
Republican colleagues will step up for 
the American people and not their spe-
cial interest donors. We shall see. 
We cannot accept a country where 
billionaires and corporations can se-
cretly buy our elections, choose our 
leaders, and determine the fate of our 
country. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
thank the Senator from Hawaii, who 
has been such an ardent and effective 
ally in this fight, for coming to the 
floor today and for all of our work in 
the Judiciary Committee and also 
through briefs that we file in the Su-
preme Court trying to wake up the 
Court to what is happening around 
them. 
I would add an additional point to 
my description of this little node of the 
dark money apparatus that has con-
trolled the makeup of the Supreme 
Court and works very hard to control 
the decisions of the Supreme Court— 
and too often does—because you have 
heard Senator DURBIN and others speak 
on the floor today about the biggest 
dark money contribution ever made, 
$1.6 billion, given to an organization 
run by this same individual. 
And you see it going in but only be-
cause some whistleblower told the 
press what had happened. But even 
knowing that $1.6 billion went in, you 
don’t know where it goes next because 
this complicated apparatus and others 
like it enable the money to be sluiced 
through 
underground, 
subterranean, 
clandestine channels and pop out in po-
litical races through unknown, phony 
front groups with preposterously sweet 
names. 
And nobody who is a citizen is al-
lowed to understand what is happening. 
You can bet the word gets to the can-
didate about who is behind ‘‘New 
Jerseyans for Peace and Puppies and 
Prosperity,’’ and you can bet the big 
donors know. And if it is a House race, 
you can bet the House leaders know; 
and if it is a Senate race, you can bet 
the Senate leaders know. And you can 
bet that gives immense clout at stop-
ping things in this building. 
And, sure enough, that $1.6 billion 
went into Marble Freedom Trust. And 
one of the first things it did was give 
money to the Concord Fund, one of the 
other Leonard Leo groups. You will 
recognize that as this chart behind me, 
and you add to it the Marble Freedom 
Trust that was the vehicle into which 
the $1.6 billion got dumped, and then— 
zip—here came money straight to the 
Concord Fund, among other uses of it. 
So this thing is sort of a creature of 
multiple fronts. 
And I was struck today when I read a 
news article about the resignation in 
Iraq of the finance minister, who is 
largely regarded as being the voice of 
integrity and decency and honesty in 
that government. And he quit, and he 
said one of the reasons was that he felt 
that there was around him a ‘‘vast oc-
topus of corruption and deceit.’’ 
This is just one piece of a vast octo-
pus of corruption and deceit whose tar-
get is the American people and whose 
desire is to control government from 
behind the scenes without even show-
ing up and showing who they are. If 
you want to see some of this mischief 
in action and in relation to what I have 
said about how this captured Court, 
with its FedSoc Justices, has delivered 
for the big-donor interests, the biggest 
thing that they have done so far in 
terms of affecting the trajectory of 
honesty and decency and public ac-
countability in this country has been 
in a case called Americans for Pros-
perity Foundation v. Bonta. 
What did the judges who dark money 
put onto the Court that dark money 
built do? They built a brandnew con-
stitutional right to dark money—un-
precedented. And when they did it, 
when the case came up to them—inter-
estingly, as part of this octopus of de-
ceit are innumerable front groups that 
file amicus briefs. 
I talked about how they don’t dis-
close, and the Court lets them get 
away with it. Let me give you an idea 
of the number at the certiorari stage, 
which, for those not familiar with Su-
preme Court practice, is the point 
where 
the 
Supreme 
Court 
decides 
whether or not they will take up the 
case. And then there is the merits deci-
sion later on, on how they decide the 
case. But on the question of whether 
they take up the case, we counted 
about 50—5–0, 50—of these phony, dark 
money-funded front groups coming in 
and saying: You have got to take up 
this case. You have got to take up this 
case. You have got to take up this case. 
It was signaling; it was flares; it was 
semaphore telling FedSoc Justices: We 
put you there. This is what we want 
you to do. 
So let’s take a quick look at a little 
bit about the Americans for Prosperity 
Foundation because it is related—re-
member what I said about 501(c)(3)s and 
501(c)(4)s twinning together and having 
basic identity? Well, the Americans for 
Prosperity Foundation is the 501(c)(3) 
twin to a 501(c)(4) called Americans for 
Prosperity. 
And guess what Americans for Pros-
perity is? It is the biggest battleship in 
the Koch brothers’ political influence 
operation. It is the mother ship. It is as 
political as you get. It goes directly 
into elections and spends dark money. 
And here are the big differences be-
tween Americans for Prosperity and 
the Americans for Prosperity Founda-
tion. Well, the CEO and director of 
Americans for Prosperity is, amazingly 
enough, the CEO and director of the 
Americans for Prosperity Foundation. 
And the secretary of the Americans for 
Prosperity group happens also to be 
the corporate secretary of the Ameri-
cans for Prosperity Foundation. How 
about that? Oh, here is a big difference. 
The senior vice president of grassroots 
operations for Americans for Pros-
perity is the senior vice president of 
state operations for Americans for 
Prosperity Foundation. There is a dif-
ference. The treasurer and vice presi-
dent of Americans for Prosperity is the 
same as the treasurer and vice presi-
dent of finance for the Americans for 
Prosperity Foundation, and the direc-
tor of Americans for Prosperity is the 
chair of the Americans for Prosperity 
Foundation. 
There is a thing in law called pierc-
ing the corporate veil. This is a cor-
porate veil you could pierce with a ba-
nana. This is the kind of phony fun and 
games that dark money allows to in-
trude into our democracy. And in this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
00:06 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00008
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G22SE6.012
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 54-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4949 
September 22, 2022 
terrible death loop, dark money puts 
Justices on the Supreme Court who get 
told by dark money amici what they 
want, in flotillas of 50, and then deliver 
for dark money to a nominal plaintiff 
who is the indistinguishable twin of 
the Koch brothers’ political battleship, 
letting that money loose into our poli-
tics with now constitutional impri-
matur. 
And they show up in droves. Here is 
just one case: Seila Law. This was the 
one about the Consumer Financial Pro-
tection Bureau. You know the dark 
money people hate the Consumer Fi-
nancial Protection Bureau. In fact, 
they hate regulation. That is why they 
are trying to undo American govern-
ment as best they can. 
So here are some of the amici that 
showed up in Seila Law. I actually put 
this in my brief to the Supreme Court 
in that case as an appendix so they 
could see what was going on around 
them. A lot of good it did. So here are 
some of the front groups, all of whom 
take dark money, and here are some of 
the dark money sources we were able 
to trace them having taken: Donors 
Trust, widely described as the ATM of 
the far right. It has no purpose. Donors 
Trust doesn’t make a product. You 
can’t buy a Donors Trust car or bicycle 
or tire or pedal. It doesn’t provide serv-
ices. You can’t go to Donors Trust and 
get your taxes done. You can’t go to 
Donors Trust and get your shoes pol-
ished. 
It does one thing and one thing only: 
It takes money in; it scrubs off the 
identity of the person who gave it the 
money; and then it sends the money 
where that person wants, as Donors 
Trust. That is it. It is an identity laun-
dering machine for the dark money op-
eration that we have running for this 
vast octopus of deceit. 
And here are other foundations: 
Bradley, Scaife, Searle. Look at how 
much of this is in common. That was 
not described to the Court. 
My time is running out. I will say 
two things as I go. One is, until the Su-
preme Court opened the floodgates of 
unlimited money, Republicans wanted 
disclosure. Republicans wanted disclo-
sure. MITCH MCCONNELL, the leader: 
We need to have real disclosure. Why 
would a little disclosure be better than a lot 
of disclosure? 
He was in favor of a lot of disclosure 
on ‘‘Meet the Press.’’ 
‘‘I think disclosure is the best dis-
infectant,’’ he wrote. 
We could do disclosure more frequently. I 
think disclosure is the best disinfectant. 
MITCH MCCONNELL. 
But then along came the Supreme 
Court in 2010; they opened the flood-
gates of unlimited money. And particu-
larly the fossil fuel industry, which 
wanted to stop climate legislation, 
knew that if it showed up as Exxon, as 
Marathon, as Chevron, as Shell, the 
public would get the joke; their unlim-
ited money would be useless because 
everybody would see the self-interest 
and the corruption behind all of that. 
So they immediately went to work 
through phony front groups, 501(c)(4)s, 
Donors Trust, shell corporations. 
And the Supreme Court let them do 
it despite the fact that, 8 to 1, the Su-
preme Court in Citizens United has 
said: 
Without 
transparency, 
this 
unlimited 
money is corrupting. Without transparency, 
this unlimited money is corrupting. 
Despite having said that, for 12 years, 
they have done nothing but let the 
dark money flow—over a billion dollars 
now into any single election. 
It is intensely frustrating to see our 
country head down this filthy road, 
where huge special interests, defined 
by just a few characteristics—one, they 
have unlimited money to spend; two, 
they can win in politics by spending it; 
and, three, they want to hide—is that 
group of people the ones we want con-
trolling our country? I don’t think so. 
How about regular voters? How about 
regular people? How about farmers and 
doctors and business owners, nurses? 
No. 
I know the leader wants to come to 
the floor, and I will yield as soon as he 
comes to the floor. Before he does, I 
want to thank him for bringing this 
measure here, for the strength of his 
statements, for the strength of his 
commitment, for his help to organize 
all of this. This began originally as his 
bill years ago, after Citizens United. So 
I want to yield to him when he gets 
here. 
But I want to go back to this depar-
ture of Minister Allawi, who talks 
about the Iraqi state having become 
degraded and become a play thing of 
special interests. That is the choice we 
face in this vote: Is this going to be 
America the beautiful or is this going 
to be America the degraded placing of 
special interests? This vote will deter-
mine it. 
I yield to the leader for his remarks. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak prior to 
the vote. 
Mr. BOOKER. Without objection, it 
is so ordered. 
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, let me 
just give as many kudo—because he 
taught me the word was ‘‘kudo,’’ not 
‘‘kudos’’—as I can, to our wonderful 
Senator from Rhode Island. 
There is no one—I don’t think in 
America, let alone just in the Senate— 
who has done more to highlight the 
evil scourge of dark money that just 
plagues our Republic. It degrades our 
democracy. One of the reasons that 
people are so upset with what is going 
on in this country is because of the 
dark money. And no one has shined 
that spotlight on it like Senator 
WHITEHOUSE. Hats off to him. 
Now, the choice before the Senate is 
simple: Will Members vote today to 
cure our democracy of the cancer of 
dark money or will they stand in the 
way and let this disease metastasize 
beyond control? 
Members must pick a side. Which 
side are you on—the side of American 
voters and one person, one vote or the 
side of super PACs and the billionaire 
donor class rigging the game in their 
favor? 
Sometimes the contrast is really 
that simple. Today is about standing 
either with the American people or the 
dark money donor class. 
And the DISCLOSE Act itself is sim-
ple to its core. It says that a healthy 
democracy is a transparent democ-
racy—a healthy democracy is a trans-
parent democracy—one where all of us 
can exercise our right to the franchise 
on an equal playing field, without re-
gard to our wealth or our connections 
or lot in life. It is a quintessentially 
American ideal. 
In the 12 years since the conserv-
atives on the Supreme Court ruled in 
Citizens United, our elections have be-
come rank with the stench of dark 
money. You can smell it in every cor-
ner of this country—and particularly 
in Washington. We must fix that. In 
free and fair elections—one person, one 
vote—American voters should have the 
power to determine our Nation’s lead-
ers without fear that their voices will 
be drowned out by powerful elites or 
special interests. That is simply what 
the DISCLOSE Act would do. 
For the sake of our democracy, for 
the sake of transparency in elections, 
for the sake of breaking the wretched 
stranglehold that dark money has on 
our country, I urge my colleagues, 
plead with my colleagues, to rise to 
this occasion to protect our democracy 
and vote yes. 
I yield the floor. 
CLOTURE MOTION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant 
to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the 
Senate the pending cloture motion, 
which the clerk will state. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION 
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the 
Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby 
move to bring to a close debate on the mo-
tion to proceed to Calendar No. 484, S. 4822, 
a bill to amend the Federal Election Cam-
paign Act of 1971 to provide for additional 
disclosure requirements for corporations, 
labor organizations, Super PACs and other 
entities, and for other purposes. 
Charles E. Schumer, Sheldon White-
house, Mazie K. Hirono, Martin Hein-
rich, Christopher A. Coons, Benjamin 
L. Cardin, Margaret Wood Hassan, 
Patty Murray, Michael F. Bennet, 
Jacky 
Rosen, 
Alex 
Padilla, 
Brian 
Schatz, Christopher Murphy, Chris Van 
Hollen, Edward J. Markey, Angus S. 
King, Jr., Tim Kaine. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-
imous consent, the mandatory quorum 
call has been waived. 
The question is, Is it the sense of the 
Senate that debate on the motion to 
proceed to S. 4822, a bill to amend the 
Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 
to provide for additional disclosure re-
quirements for corporations, labor or-
ganizations, Super PACs and other en-
tities, and for other purposes, shall be 
brought to a close? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:52 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00009
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G22SE6.014
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 55-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4950 
September 22, 2022 
The yeas and nays are mandatory 
under the rule. 
The clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk called the roll. 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. BALDWIN) 
is necessarily absent. 
Mr. THUNE. The following Senator is 
necessarily absent: the Senator from 
Idaho (Mr. CRAPO). 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 49, 
nays 49, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 346 Leg.] 
YEAS—49 
Bennet 
Blumenthal 
Booker 
Brown 
Cantwell 
Cardin 
Carper 
Casey 
Coons 
Cortez Masto 
Duckworth 
Durbin 
Feinstein 
Gillibrand 
Hassan 
Heinrich 
Hickenlooper 
Hirono 
Kaine 
Kelly 
King 
Klobuchar 
Leahy 
Luja´n 
Manchin 
Markey 
Menendez 
Merkley 
Murphy 
Murray 
Ossoff 
Padilla 
Peters 
Reed 
Rosen 
Sanders 
Schatz 
Schumer 
Shaheen 
Sinema 
Smith 
Stabenow 
Tester 
Van Hollen 
Warner 
Warnock 
Warren 
Whitehouse 
Wyden 
NAYS—49 
Barrasso 
Blackburn 
Blunt 
Boozman 
Braun 
Burr 
Capito 
Cassidy 
Collins 
Cornyn 
Cotton 
Cramer 
Cruz 
Daines 
Ernst 
Fischer 
Graham 
Grassley 
Hagerty 
Hawley 
Hoeven 
Hyde-Smith 
Inhofe 
Johnson 
Kennedy 
Lankford 
Lee 
Lummis 
Marshall 
McConnell 
Moran 
Murkowski 
Paul 
Portman 
Risch 
Romney 
Rounds 
Rubio 
Sasse 
Scott (FL) 
Scott (SC) 
Shelby 
Sullivan 
Thune 
Tillis 
Toomey 
Tuberville 
Wicker 
Young 
NOT VOTING—2 
Baldwin 
Crapo 
The 
PRESIDING 
OFFICER 
(Mr. 
SCHATZ). On this vote, the yeas are 49, 
the nays are 49. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn not having voted in the 
affirmative, the motion is rejected. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will pro-
ceed to executive session and resume 
consideration of the following nomina-
tion, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read the nomination of Amanda Ben-
nett, of the District of Columbia, to be 
Chief Executive Officer of the United 
States Agency for Global Media. 
VOTE ON BENNETT NOMINATION 
The 
PRESIDING 
OFFICER. 
The 
question is, Will the Senate advise and 
consent to the Bennett nomination? 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
ask for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. BALDWIN) 
and the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. 
BOOKER) are necessarily absent. 
Mr. THUNE. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator 
from Idaho (Mr. CRAPO) and the Sen-
ator from Utah (Mr. LEE). 
The result was announced—yeas 60, 
nays 36, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 347 Ex.] 
YEAS—60 
Barrasso 
Bennet 
Blackburn 
Blumenthal 
Blunt 
Brown 
Burr 
Cantwell 
Cardin 
Carper 
Casey 
Collins 
Coons 
Cornyn 
Cortez Masto 
Duckworth 
Durbin 
Feinstein 
Gillibrand 
Graham 
Hassan 
Heinrich 
Hickenlooper 
Hirono 
Kaine 
Kelly 
King 
Klobuchar 
Leahy 
Luja´n 
Manchin 
Markey 
Menendez 
Merkley 
Murphy 
Murray 
Ossoff 
Padilla 
Peters 
Portman 
Reed 
Risch 
Romney 
Rosen 
Rounds 
Sanders 
Schatz 
Schumer 
Shaheen 
Sinema 
Smith 
Stabenow 
Tester 
Van Hollen 
Warner 
Warnock 
Warren 
Whitehouse 
Wyden 
Young 
NAYS—36 
Boozman 
Braun 
Capito 
Cassidy 
Cotton 
Cramer 
Cruz 
Daines 
Ernst 
Fischer 
Grassley 
Hagerty 
Hawley 
Hoeven 
Hyde-Smith 
Inhofe 
Johnson 
Kennedy 
Lankford 
Lummis 
Marshall 
McConnell 
Moran 
Murkowski 
Paul 
Rubio 
Sasse 
Scott (FL) 
Scott (SC) 
Shelby 
Sullivan 
Thune 
Tillis 
Toomey 
Tuberville 
Wicker 
NOT VOTING—4 
Baldwin 
Booker 
Crapo 
Lee 
The nomination was confirmed. 
The 
PRESIDING 
OFFICER 
(Mr. 
KING). Under the previous order, the 
motion to reconsider is considered 
made and laid upon the table, and the 
President will be immediately notified 
Senate’s action. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-
sume consideration of the following 
nomination, which the clerk will re-
port. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read 
the 
nomination 
of 
Arati 
Prabhakar, of California, to be Direc-
tor of the Office of Science and Tech-
nology Policy. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Texas. 
BORDER SECURITY 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, new 
data from the U.S. Customs and Border 
Protection shows that the crisis at the 
border isn’t going away even if that 
may be the wish of the Biden adminis-
tration. In the last year, Customs and 
Border 
Protection 
has 
encountered 
more than 2.3 million migrants at the 
southern border, which is an all-time 
high. 
I know some people think, well, these 
are economic migrants or people flee-
ing violence and persecution. Some of 
them are asylum seekers who might 
potentially qualify, although the data 
indicates that, if in fact they end up 
showing up for their immigration court 
hearing years after they claim asylum, 
because of the backlogs, only about 10 
percent qualify for asylum. Then you 
have the economic migrants. You have 
criminals. You have drug smugglers. It 
is a hodgepodge. And while many peo-
ple turn themselves in in order to in-
voke our asylum system, which is bro-
ken and results in many people being 
given a notice to appear for a future 
court hearing that they never show up 
for, the situation at the border remains 
a public safety threat and a humani-
tarian crisis. 
Customs and Border Protection is the 
first line of defense against dangerous 
threats to the country. Over the last 11 
months, the hard-working men and 
women of CBP have arrested nearly 700 
criminal 
gang 
members 
and 
have 
stopped more than 140 people on the 
terrorist watch list from crossing the 
southern border. They have interdicted 
more than 645 pounds of illegal drugs, 
including 13,600 pounds of the deadly 
synthetic opioid fentanyl. I think it 
takes roughly the point of a pencil 
lead, a couple of milliliters, of fentanyl 
to kill a person. So you can imagine 
what 13,600 pounds would do, and these 
are only the drugs that we have 
caught. Nobody believes that we catch 
even the majority of the drugs coming 
across. 
CBP seized illegal currency, weapons, 
ammunition, counterfeit goods, and 
other products that could hurt the 
American people or our economy. 
I want to just take a moment to 
thank the Border Patrol agents and 
Customs officers who take on this chal-
lenging and important work every day. 
Sometimes they are met with nothing 
more than derision or ridicule or a lack 
of support for their important work. 
These men and women put their own 
health and safety at risk to keep our 
borders and keep the American people 
safe, and they don’t receive nearly the 
level of thanks that they deserve. 
Coming from a border State, as you 
might imagine, I have visited the bor-
der many, many times. I always enjoy 
talking to these men and women be-
cause they are, frankly, the experts 
about what we need to do in order to 
fix what is wrong about the borders. 
They are true professionals, and they 
know more than just about anybody 
else I have talked to about what the 
problem is and what the solutions are. 
Many of these officers and agents 
have worked for Customs and Border 
Protection for years, some even since 
its founding in 2003. They have seen mi-
gration surges over the years, but as 
they have told me many times, they 
have never seen anything quite like we 
are seeing today. 
An average of 6,600 migrants are com-
ing across the southern border every 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:21 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00010
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G22SE6.017
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE
---

 -Page 56-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4951 
September 22, 2022 
day. They will tell you: We simply 
don’t have the capacity to manage that 
sort of tsunami of humanity. We don’t 
have the facilities or the resources, and 
we certainly don’t have the personnel. 
The only way we are able to respond to 
the urgent humanitarian needs is to di-
vert law enforcement officers from 
their other important mission. 
Frankly, 
that 
is 
part 
of 
these 
transnational criminal organizations’ 
plans: They overwhelm the Border Pa-
trol, divert their attention, and then, 
in the hole that is created in border se-
curity, here come the drugs. 
Agents who would normally be on the 
frontlines, stopping cartels from smug-
gling drugs, are now serving meals and 
changing diapers. 
When you consider all of those stats 
that I mentioned—hundreds of thou-
sands of pounds of illegal drugs, 700 
criminal gang members, 141 people on 
the terrorist watch list—there is an 
important 
qualifier 
to 
remember: 
Those are just the ones we know about. 
With law enforcement being shifted 
from patrol to caretaking duties, we 
are leaving major security gaps that 
are being exploited by the cartels and 
criminal organizations. 
There is a whole category of migrant 
that comes across the border known as 
the got-aways. The asylum seekers will 
typically show up and turn themselves 
in, but, frankly, I think it is the got- 
aways—hundreds of thousands of peo-
ple—that you have to worry about be-
cause they don’t want to encounter law 
enforcement because they either don’t 
have any legal basis to enter the 
United States or they happen to be 
transporting illegal drugs or have a 
criminal record on their own right. 
There is no question that our secu-
rity mission is taking a hit. Every day, 
cartel and gang members are traf-
ficking and moving guns, drugs, illegal 
currency, and just about any other 
commodity that you can think about. 
And when they succeed, border commu-
nities aren’t the only ones that see the 
impact. 
As 
you 
can 
see, 
cartels 
and 
transnational criminal organizations 
have a presence in cities across the 
United States. Once cartels make it 
across the border, they head to places 
as diverse as Chicago, Detroit, Atlanta, 
New York, San Diego, or just about 
any other city where they can do busi-
ness, including Bangor, ME, and other 
places in Maine. 
These aren’t the only people who are 
coming to the United States. These are 
not people coming to build a better 
life. They are coming here to prey on 
innocent Americans for their own gain. 
Last year, the Special Agent in 
Charge of the DEA’s Chicago Field Di-
vision spoke about what happens once 
these drugs and criminals reach his 
backyard. 
He said: 
Cartels use every possible means to get 
drugs from Mexico into the United States 
and then into the local markets. And in Chi-
cago— 
For example— 
that means predominantly to the gangs that 
control the drug markets in Chicago. 
If you are concerned, as most Ameri-
cans are, about the spike in crime that 
we have seen recently, well, a whole lot 
of that crime is caused by criminal 
street 
gangs 
committing 
various 
crimes, including selling illegal drugs 
and using guns to kill one another as 
part of their way to protect their mar-
ket share and their territory. Those 
are the same gangs that fuel the over-
dose epidemic, the same gangs that 
perpetuate crime and gun violence, the 
same gangs that engage in deadly con-
flicts over territory. That is the cruel 
reality here. 
It is a self-perpetuating cycle, and it 
starts at the border. So even though 
you may not be a border State, at least 
a southern border State, you are af-
fected because, as you can see, the net-
work of distribution of illicit drugs 
coming across the border affects al-
most every major American city. And 
it is not just cities. A lot of our rural 
areas in Texas and elsewhere are af-
fected as well. 
And we are reading increasingly 
about young people, unknown to them, 
consuming fentanyl in a fatal dose and 
dying, and it is happening every day, in 
every community around the United 
States. And 71,000 Americans died of 
fentanyl overdoses last year alone. 
This is where it comes from; this is 
how it is distributed; and those are the 
consequences. So no community in 
America has been spared the pain and 
suffering from this pandemic of drugs. 
In 2021, as I mentioned, 108,000 Ameri-
cans died from drug overdoses; 71,000 of 
those 108,000 died from fentanyl. 
You know, I remember on September 
11, 2001, when terrorists diverted air-
craft and killed about 3,000 Americans. 
We declared a war against terrorism 
when 3,000 Americans were killed here 
in the homeland. Yet 108,000 Americans 
died last year as a result of these open 
borders and our broken policy, and it 
doesn’t seem to get the attention it de-
serves. 
Of course, being a border State, com-
munities in Texas are dealing with the 
consequences of this humanitarian cri-
sis and these drugs on a daily basis. 
Last weekend, three people in Wichita 
Falls died from suspected fentanyl 
overdoses. The oldest victim was 21; 
the youngest was 13. In the last couple 
of months, four students from the Hays 
County 
Consolidated 
Independent 
School District, right outside of Aus-
tin, died from a fentanyl overdose. All 
four were between the ages of 15 and 17. 
Across the State—indeed, across the 
Nation—families are mourning the loss 
of loved ones who have died from an 
overdose of these drugs, many of whom 
had no idea what they were consuming; 
they thought they were taking some-
thing else and ended up finding that it 
was laced with fentanyl—because the 
amount of fentanyl it takes to kill you 
is microscopic. The alarming increase 
in supply across our borders fore-
shadows even more devastation in the 
months and years to come. 
Here is my point. The Biden adminis-
tration needs to start taking this prob-
lem seriously. Cartels and criminal or-
ganizations are exploiting the security 
gaps at the border and sending these 
drugs and the criminals along with 
them to communities not just in 
Texas, not just in Arizona, not just in 
California or New Mexico, but all 
across the United States. 
Addressing this security breakdown 
at our border has got to be a priority. 
We can’t ignore it because it is not 
going to get any better. This is not just 
about migrants and immigration. It is 
about that, but it is not just about 
that. It is about security. It is about 
public safety. It is about knowing who 
is crossing our border and reaching 
into our local communities. 
Cartels are sociopaths. They don’t 
really care about people, including the 
migrants that they smuggle into the 
United States. If you go to Falfurrias, 
TX, which is in South Texas at a bor-
der checkpoint about 70 miles from the 
border—which is where, once migrants 
are stuffed into a car or a van or some 
other vehicle, they are then driven up 
the highway to these Border Patrol 
checkpoints; then they are told by the 
coyotes, which is the colloquial name 
for these human smugglers: Get out of 
the car and walk around the check-
point because we can’t risk going 
through the checkpoint with you there 
where we might be discovered. And so 
they do. 
And so you go to Brooks County, TX, 
which is where the Falfurrias check-
point is located, and they have asked 
the Federal Government for help to 
bury the bodies of migrants who die 
from exposure walking around that 
checkpoint in Falfurrias, TX, because 
it gets hot in Texas, particularly dur-
ing the summer, and many of these mi-
grants have come from far, far away 
and are suffering already from dehy-
dration and other exposure. 
But my point is the cartels don’t care 
anything about them. They will leave 
them to die. They are just another way 
to make a buck. But the cartels ter-
rorize more than just the migrants 
themselves; 
they 
terrorize 
commu-
nities across our country. And they 
seized on the Biden administration’s 
weak policies to grow their foothold in 
the United States. 
These transnational criminal organi-
zations are getting rich smuggling mi-
grants and smuggling drugs into the 
United States and killing Americans in 
the process. It is past time to do some-
thing. The Biden administration is 
being outmaneuvered by the cartels, 
and until we see leadership from the 
President, communities all across this 
country will continue to pay the price. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Iowa. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST—S. 4924 
Ms. ERNST. Mr. President, the No. 1 
job of our Commander in Chief is to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:52 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00011
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G22SE6.019
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 57-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4952 
September 22, 2022 
protect the homeland. The constitu-
tional oath we all take as Members of 
Congress, similar to the one I swore 
when I joined the military, is to pro-
tect our citizens against all enemies, 
foreign and domestic. 
I want everyone in this Chamber, the 
American people, our allies, and our 
adversaries to all hear me today. Iran, 
the world’s most deadly state sponsor 
of terrorism, announced its intentions 
to track, target, and kill American 
citizens here on our shores. The radical 
Islamists of Iran and their terrorist 
proxies across the Middle East are 
seeking to destroy America, and they 
are coming here to our soil. 
As you can see, the Iranian regime 
promises to ‘‘bring the orchestrators 
and perpetrators to justice.’’ This is an 
undeniable death threat, one that they 
have 
already 
attempted 
to 
follow 
through on. 
Iran isn’t making this threat from 
Tehran, over 6,000 miles away. They 
made it here, for example, in New York 
City. Yesterday, at U.N. headquarters, 
the Butcher of Tehran, Ebrahim Raisi, 
was flanked by his personal security 
force, IRGC terrorists, tagged by our 
Justice Department as the entity re-
sponsible for attempting to kill Mike 
Pompeo, John Bolton, Brian Hook, and 
others who ordered and executed the 
strike on Qassem Suleimani. 
This President’s obligation is to safe-
guard and protect the life, liberty, and 
prosperity of our people and to deter, 
defeat, and, when necessary, destroy 
our enemies. 
The Biden administration’s desire to 
bring the 2015 Iran nuclear agreement 
back to life is delusional. Continued re-
negotiation with Russia as our proxy— 
no joke—ignores our men and women 
in uniform, the Iranian dissident com-
munity, our allies and partners in the 
Persian Gulf, and American citizens on 
the homeland who have bounties on 
their heads today. 
Our Middle Eastern partners, in par-
ticular, are begging the Biden adminis-
tration not to reenter this so-called nu-
clear agreement. They plead with us 
not to give Iran access to $1 trillion in 
capital by 2030. Don’t fund their mili-
tary support of Russia’s aggression 
against Ukraine, and don’t fund their 
acts of terrorism against our own peo-
ple, they ask. 
I am demanding that America does 
not fund or support a regime trying to 
kill our own people. The President’s 
ongoing 
negotiations 
pacify 
rather 
than hold Iran accountable for tar-
geting American citizens. The Biden 
administration’s 
foolish 
pursuit 
of 
peace through appeasement must be 
stopped, and we can start today. Yes-
terday, with 26 of my colleagues, I in-
troduced the PUNISH Act, or the Pre-
venting Underhanded and Nefarious 
Iranian Supported Homicides Act. My 
bill would enforce U.S. sanctions on 
Iran until the Secretary of State cer-
tifies to Congress that Iran has not 
supported any attempt or activity to 
kill a U.S. citizen, former or current 
U.S. official, or Iranian living within 
the United States. Specifically, it 
would codify the Trump administra-
tion’s ‘‘maximum pressure’’ sanctions 
as well as preserve sanctions put in 
place by the Obama and Carter admin-
istrations. 
It is hard to believe that, after count-
less attacks on Americans and multiple 
confirmed—confirmed—plots 
against 
U.S. officials, the Biden administration 
continues 
with 
these 
negotiations. 
President Biden should not provide a 
dime of sanctions relief to the largest 
state sponsor of terrorism which is ac-
tively trying to kill U.S. officials and 
citizens at home and abroad. I will re-
main committed to protecting the 
homeland, our troops, and officials 
abroad from the violent Islamic regime 
in Iran. 
Mr. President, as in legislative ses-
sion, I ask unanimous consent that the 
Senate proceed to the immediate con-
sideration of S. 4924, which is at the 
desk. I further ask that the bill be con-
sidered read a third time and passed 
and that the motion to reconsider be 
considered made and laid upon the 
table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
The Senator from Connecticut. 
Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, reserv-
ing the right to object. First, this is a 
pretty long piece of legislation and 
impactful in the policy it makes. It 
was introduced yesterday. 
It is probably not a great idea for the 
Senate to short circuit any process of 
reviewing this legislation and speed to 
its passage today, but Senator ERNST is 
a serious thinker on matters of na-
tional security, and so I do want to en-
gage for 2 minutes on the merits be-
cause I think it is important to have 
this conversation. 
Senator ERNST is right. At the heart, 
at the center of U.S. foreign policy has 
to be the protection of our citizens. We 
have to be coldblooded about making 
sure that our policy keeps our people 
safe, both here in the United States 
and abroad. 
The good news, when it comes to Iran 
policy, is that we have tried both a pol-
icy of engagement and diplomacy and a 
policy of escalating sanction, and we 
can judge from those two periods of 
time which one better protected Amer-
ican security and the specific security 
of Americans here and in the region. 
During the period of time that the 
United States and Iran were in an 
agreement regarding nuclear weapons 
together, there were not credible plots 
being hatched against U.S. persons in-
side the United States. There were not 
Iranian proxies firing at U.S. forces in-
side the Middle East. But as soon as 
the United States removed itself from 
that agreement and started this proc-
ess of escalating sanction, all of a sud-
den, Americans and American assets 
were at risk all over the world. The 
plots started against U.S. persons here. 
The Iranians and their proxies started 
regularly shooting at Americans in the 
region. 
And so the facts are the facts—less 
threat to the United States when we 
were in a diplomatic agreement and 
more threats to the United States 
when we weren’t in a diplomatic agree-
ment. I think that speaks to the ques-
tion of whether engagement or max-
imum pressure actually—actually—in 
the end protects Americans best. 
But, second, I want to make this 
point, and I think it is an important 
one. This is called the PUNISH Act. 
And I understand why. It speaks to a 
view of sanctions as simply a mecha-
nism of punishment. And there is an 
element of sanctions that is sending a 
moral message, a moral signal, about 
our values and how they differ from the 
values of those that we are sanc-
tioning. But sanctions are also used to 
influence. In fact, most of the sanc-
tions that we are passing are not just 
merely punitive. They are actually de-
signed to try to change the behavior of 
a regime. 
So that is why, if we entered into a 
nuclear agreement, the only sanctions 
that I think we should remove are the 
sanctions that were specifically put in 
place to influence the Iranians to give 
up their nuclear weapons program. 
In fact, I would argue—and I think 
President Biden would argue; I am sure 
President Biden would argue—that we 
should keep in place the sanctions that 
have been levied against Iran to try to 
influence their ballistic missile pro-
gram or their support for terrorists. 
And so I think it is just important 
for us all to come to the conclusion 
that, although there is a punishment 
element of sanctions, if we don’t use 
sanctions to influence behavior, then I 
am not sure that the policy of sanc-
tions matters as effectively as it 
should. 
And, lastly, this: Iran, they are ma-
levolent actors. They are not good peo-
ple. But that doesn’t mean that we 
shouldn’t enter into negotiations when 
we can take steps to protect our inter-
ests, the security of our people. 
The nuclear bombs that we dropped 
on Japan were 15-kiloton weapons. 
Modern nuclear weapons range from 100 
to 
800 
kilotons. 
So, 
yes, 
unapologetically, we should have a pol-
icy as a component of our national se-
curity to do whatever is possible to 
make sure that more countries—espe-
cially, more wildly irresponsible re-
gimes—don’t get their hands on nu-
clear weapons. And, yes, that should be 
more important than many of our 
other priorities. 
Yes, in fact, we should elevate the 
conversation about stopping a regime 
like Iran from getting a nuclear weap-
on. They are bad actors. They are tar-
geting U.S. forces. They are targeting 
U.S. persons. They are supporting ter-
rorism. That, to me, is the reason, is 
the rationale why we should make sure 
that that regime—so dangerous, so de-
structive, so malevolent—doesn’t get 
its hands on a nuclear weapon. 
Their bad action in the region is a 
reason to engage in diplomacy to stop 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:52 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00012
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G22SE6.021
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 58-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4953 
September 22, 2022 
them from getting a nuclear weapon, 
not a reason not to engage in that di-
plomacy. And so I understand that it is 
sometimes incredibly hard and dis-
tasteful to get your arms wrapped 
around engagement with an enemy. 
But I will leave you with this. The 
Soviet Union, through their proxies, 
killed tens of thousands of Americans 
during the Cold War. There was no 
doubt that they possessed on a daily 
basis the existential ability to wipe out 
the United States. But we did, at the 
very least, four bilateral nuclear deals 
with the Soviet Union, seven multilat-
eral nuclear deals with the Soviet 
Union, not because we misunderstood 
their aims and desires but because we 
thought it was so important to limit 
the scope of their nuclear program 
given their intentions to wipe out de-
mocracy all around the world. 
I agree that it is apples to oranges 
comparing the Soviet Union to Iran, 
but the same principle applies. We need 
to elevate our work when it comes to 
nonproliferation. That just needs to 
matter more, and we shouldn’t be 
afraid to engage with enemies and ad-
versaries, especially on this question of 
making sure that their bad behavior 
doesn’t end up having, amongst its 
tools, a nuclear weapon that could kill 
hundreds of thousands of Americans. 
For that reason, I object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The Senator from Iowa. 
Ms. ERNST. Mr. President, blocking 
the passage of the bill today, it is not 
just disappointing, but it is endan-
gering. We do have to act now. I mean, 
you can read the tweet. It is right here. 
They are seeking justice. They are 
looking for retribution and revenge. 
Again, it was sent from U.S. soil— 
this tweet was. If that doesn’t con-
stitute a clear and present danger de-
manding immediate attention, then I 
honestly don’t know what does. 
If a nuclear agreement is reached, 
folks, it is not going to change. Iran’s 
aggression was not curbed by the 
Obama-Biden administration’s failures. 
In fact, it invigorated Iran’s pursuit of 
a nuclear weapon. Their mythical deal 
effectively financed the world’s best or-
ganized, most capable terror group to 
rain down attacks on the United 
States, Israel, and even the Arab Gulf 
States. 
After the deal was signed, Iran went 
on the offensive, and I can give you 
some statistics to actually show that 
activities increased. Attacks against 
the United States and our partners in-
creased from roughly 8 incidents per 
every 100 days in 2015 to 28 incidents in 
100 days during the 3.5 years that the 
JCPOA was in effect. 
So arguing that the nuclear deal is a 
credible deterrent against Iranian ter-
ror doesn’t actually hold water. Thou-
sands of folks have died fighting the 
global war on terrorism, including 600 
U.S. servicemembers. They have been 
killed at the hands of Iranian proxies 
in Iraq and in Syria. 
I was there on the ground in 2003, in 
Operation Iraqi Freedom. The leader of 
that initial surge was a name whom we 
all know well, Gen. Jim Mattis. The 
men and women in uniform, then and 
today, know that Iran is an enemy. We 
have no common cause with the aya-
tollahs or anyone who chants ‘‘Death 
to America.’’ Jim Mattis told our en-
emies, and I will quote the good gen-
eral: 
I come in peace. I didn’t bring artillery. 
But I am pleading with you, with tears in my 
eyes: if you [screw] with me— 
And he used a different word— 
I’ll kill you all. 
Folks, Iran is killing our people over-
seas, and they are trying to kill our 
people right here, right here in the 
United States of America. We cannot 
appease, and we cannot back down. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
INFLATION REDUCTION ACT OF 2022 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, we are 
now several weeks on from the passage 
of the Inflation Reduction Act. 
The IRA is transformational legisla-
tion that will improve the lives of mil-
lions and millions of Americans: more 
affordable prescription drugs, cheaper 
energy bills, the largest investment in 
the climate in history, a serious com-
mitment to cracking down on tax 
cheats who rip off the American people 
for billions of dollars every year, and 
ensuring that corporations pay a fair 
share. 
I am proud to say that the vast ma-
jority of the Inflation Reduction Act 
came from the Finance Committee ma-
jority. 
It is no exaggeration to say that the 
team on the committee and in my per-
sonal office collectively spent thou-
sands and thousands of hours devel-
oping these proposals, building support 
for them under zero margin for error, 
and guaranteeing that they would pass 
under challenging Senate rules. 
Senate Democrats spent more than a 
year debating what would go into this 
bill before it finally came together, but 
the staff of the Finance Committee 
began its work long before that. Some 
of the components of the IRA go back 
more than a decade. 
So before the Senate goes out in the 
coming days, I wanted to come down to 
the floor to thank my committee and 
personal office staff, as well as the bril-
liant teams at the Joint Committee on 
Tax, Congressional Budget Office, and 
legislative counsel who made this 
achievement possible. 
I will shout out a few specifics as I 
thank the staff, but understand that 
legislation this significant is always a 
collaborative effort. And furthermore, 
there are major priorities that did not 
make it into the final version of the 
IRA, and the staff who worked on those 
issues deserve credit, too. 
I will start out with Tiffany Smith, 
who leads the best and hardest working 
tax policy team there is. 
Bobby Andres has honcho’d the Clean 
Energy for America Act for 7-plus 
years. He tweaked and edited and im-
proved that bill so many times, he can 
probably recite the text in his sleep. 
Chris Arneson, Jon Goldman, and 
Sarah Schaefer have been instrumental 
in going after the tax loopholes that 
allow massive, profitable corporations 
to get away with paying little to noth-
ing. Their work on those issues is going 
to continue to find its way into law. 
Adam Carasso and Eric LoPresti 
helped to make sure the IRS has the 
resources it needs to go after wealthy 
tax cheats who skip out on paying 
what they owe. 
And proof positive that Finance 
Teams support one another: Drew 
Crouch contributed tax policy help to 
the prescription drug reforms. 
Rachael Kauss has put a ton of work 
into developing the billionaire’s in-
come tax, and although that proposal 
didn’t make it in the final bill, there is 
more support than ever for making 
sure that those at the very top pay a 
fair share like everybody else. 
Grace Enda assisted on the clean en-
ergy tax policies and more. Ursula 
Clausing supported the tax team and 
also made sure that our team and Sen-
ate Democrats were ready and orga-
nized for a tough floor debate. Arthur 
Shemitz and Melanie Jonas also sup-
ported the tax team’s hard work. 
One other point about the Finance 
Committee majority’s tax team—and 
this applies across the board, not just 
to the Inflation Reduction Act. If any-
body out there mistakenly believes it 
is easy to offset the legislation passed 
here in the Senate, it is only because 
our tax team, time and time again, 
makes it look effortless. The truth is, 
it takes a ton of hard work, but they 
get it done. 
Patricio Gonzalez, a member of the 
committee’s investigations team, has 
been digging into the tax practices of 
some of the biggest drug companies out 
there. His work went a long way to 
convincing key Senators that our cor-
porate tax laws needed reform. Ryder 
Tobin, another member of the inves-
tigations team, contributed to that 
work and also helped us survive the 
grueling floor debate, as did Madison 
Moskowitz, Claire Kaliban, and Bonnie 
Million. 
Next up: healthcare. When it comes 
to drug prices, Big Pharma has had a 
stranglehold on the U.S. Senate for a 
long, long time. A lot of people have 
gone up against Big Pharma and lost. 
Shawn Bishop and the Finance Com-
mittee 
health 
team 
took 
on 
Big 
Pharma and won. 
Anna Kaltenboeck played a key role 
in our efforts on finally allowing Medi-
care to negotiate on behalf of seniors 
for a better deal on prescription drugs. 
She also worked with Raghav Aggarwal 
on crafting the Senate version of drug 
price negotiation, as well as key pro-
tections for seniors in Medicare Part D. 
That includes a $2,000 annual out-of- 
pocket cap on their medications and a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:52 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00013
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G22SE6.025
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 59-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4954 
September 22, 2022 
price-gouging penalty for drug compa-
nies that hike prices faster than infla-
tion. 
At a time when families in Oregon 
and across the country are getting hit 
by rising prices, Eva DuGoff worked on 
extending subsidies for ACA health in-
surance coverage. It will save people 
hundreds of dollars a year and a family 
of four up to $2,400 a year. 
Peter Fise worked on capping the 
out-of-pocket cost of insulin for seniors 
at $35 per month—another huge savings 
for many Americans. Liz Dervan ex-
panded Medicaid’s coverage of vaccines 
for adults. 
There is a long list of people who 
pitched in on the vital process of mak-
ing sure the bill was compliant with 
the rules of the Senate known as the 
Byrd Rules. It includes Liz Dervan, 
whose legal acumen was invaluable to 
supporting the committee’s efforts to 
navigate the Byrd rule, as well as 
major efforts by Peter Fise, Kristen 
Lunde, Kimberly Lattimore, Mary Ellis 
and Daniel Whittam from the health 
team. It also includes Sally Laing and 
Virginia Lenahan from our trade team, 
who contributed to the clean energy 
provisions. 
When it comes to Byrd rules, the 
point man on the Finance Committee 
is our chief counsel, Mike Evans. For 
all the months of work that goes into 
writing legislation like the Inflation 
Reduction Act, the whole thing can 
come crashing down if it doesn’t com-
ply with the Byrd rules. Nobody is 
more skilled or experienced than Mike 
at making sure legislation is Byrd- 
compliant from the start and pro-
tecting it in Byrd rule arguments be-
fore the Senate Parliamentarian. Op-
posing counsels weep when they see 
Mike Evans and his stacks of papers 
enter the room. Reconciliation under 
the Byrd rule is arduous work, yet 
Mike approaches it with humor and 
grace along with great skill. 
Mike is a valued member of my sen-
ior leadership team, who have directed 
years of effort that made the IRA pos-
sible. I want to thank him, Jeff 
Michels, Joshua Sheinkman, Sarah 
Bittleman, John Dickas, and Isaiah 
Akin for guiding the team through set-
backs and struggles to get this bill 
done. 
The Finance Committee’s commu-
nications leads on the IRA were Ashley 
Schapitl on tax and investigations; 
Taylor Harvey on healthcare; Ryan 
Carey, speechwriter; and Emily Zahnle- 
Hostetler, digital director. The IRA 
dealt with some incredibly complicated 
policy issues, and it challenged a lot of 
powerful special interests. But our 
team got the word out and stood up to 
withering attacks in the press and here 
in the Senate. 
The Finance Committee works with 
many, many skilled and dedicated staff 
at the Joint Committee on Taxation on 
a daily basis. Suffice it to say, we 
would be out in the cold without Tom 
Barthold and the team of all-stars at 
JCT: 
Rob Harvey 
Chris Giosa 
Tim Dowd 
Cecily Rock 
Natalie Tucker 
Ross Margelefsky 
Jeff Arbeit 
Jared Hermann 
Carol Wang 
Kristine Roth 
Harold Hirsch 
Sanjay Misra 
Clare Diefenbach 
Rhonda Migdail 
Andrew Lai 
David Lenter 
Vivek Chandrasekhar 
Chia Chang 
Lin Xu 
James Elwell 
Kelly Scanlon 
Sally Kwak 
Chris Overend 
Kashi Way 
Bert Lue 
Deirdre James 
Connor Dowd 
Nick Bull 
Melani Houser 
Tanya Butler 
The same goes for the highly skilled 
and dedicated team at the nonpartisan 
Congressional Budget Office under Di-
rector Phil Swagel. They do a difficult 
job to keep Congress informed of what 
proposed changes to our Federal pro-
grams will cost and always come 
through under extremely tight dead-
lines: 
Terri Gullo 
Leo Lex 
Paul Masi 
Chad Chirico 
Lara Robillard 
Asha Saavoss 
Stuart Hammond 
Carrie Colla 
Tamara Hayford 
Christopher Adams 
Evan Herrnstadt 
Colin Baker 
Scott Laughery 
and other CBO staff who analyzed drug 
pricing in the U.S. over the last decade. 
And finally I want to thank the tal-
ented legal team at the Senate legisla-
tive counsel’s office who help com-
mittee staff write the law—on tax poli-
cies, Mark McGunagle, Jim Fransen, 
Allison Otto, and Vince Gaiani; on 
health policies, John Goetcheus, Kelly 
Thornburg, 
Ruth 
Ernst 
and 
Phil 
Lynch. 
Whether you are talking about JCT, 
CBO or legislative counsel, the Con-
gress grinds to a halt without their 
work. 
Finally, I would like to commend the 
work of the Senate Parliamentarian 
and her assistants. A reconciliation bill 
turns up a lot of highly complex proce-
dural questions, and the Parliamen-
tarian has to make the calls. I was not 
happy with all of the decisions, but the 
Parliamentarians 
worked 
tirelessly, 
skillfully, and with an even hand. Also, 
I would like to thank the clerks and 
floor staff for their work and endur-
ance during the vote-a-rama. 
The debate the American people read 
about and watched on TV is just a 
small portion of all the work that went 
into the Inflation Reduction Act. It 
can be awfully frustrating to spend 
years developing legislation when Con-
gress is this polarized. We dealt with a 
lot of setbacks. At certain points, we 
thought it was over. And there is still 
a lot more to get done. 
But the IRA truly is an accomplish-
ment that will improve life for the 
American 
people: 
more 
affordable 
medications, more affordable health in-
surance, cheaper energy, the biggest 
ever investment in the fight against 
climate change, major progress crack-
ing down on tax cheats and improving 
tax fairness—that is progress to be 
proud of. I thank the Finance Com-
mittee majority staff, my personal of-
fice staff, and all the other teams who 
contributed to this effort. 
I yield the floor. 
VOTE ON PRABHAKAR NOMINATION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the question is, Will 
the Senate advise and consent to the 
Prabhakar nomination? 
Mr. BROWN. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk called the roll. 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. BALDWIN), 
the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. 
HEINRICH), and the Senator from Wash-
ington (Mrs. MURRAY) are necessarily 
absent. 
Mr. THUNE. The following Senator is 
necessarily absent: the Senator from 
Idaho (Mr. CRAPO). 
The result was announced—yeas 56, 
nays 40, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 348 Ex.] 
YEAS—56 
Bennet 
Blumenthal 
Blunt 
Booker 
Brown 
Burr 
Cantwell 
Cardin 
Carper 
Casey 
Cassidy 
Collins 
Coons 
Cortez Masto 
Duckworth 
Durbin 
Feinstein 
Gillibrand 
Hassan 
Hickenlooper 
Hirono 
Kaine 
Kelly 
King 
Klobuchar 
Leahy 
Luja´n 
Lummis 
Markey 
Menendez 
Merkley 
Moran 
Murkowski 
Murphy 
Ossoff 
Padilla 
Peters 
Portman 
Reed 
Rosen 
Rounds 
Sanders 
Schatz 
Schumer 
Shaheen 
Sinema 
Smith 
Stabenow 
Tester 
Tillis 
Van Hollen 
Warner 
Warnock 
Warren 
Whitehouse 
Wyden 
NAYS—40 
Barrasso 
Blackburn 
Boozman 
Braun 
Capito 
Cornyn 
Cotton 
Cramer 
Cruz 
Daines 
Ernst 
Fischer 
Graham 
Grassley 
Hagerty 
Hawley 
Hoeven 
Hyde-Smith 
Inhofe 
Johnson 
Kennedy 
Lankford 
Lee 
Manchin 
Marshall 
McConnell 
Paul 
Risch 
Romney 
Rubio 
Sasse 
Scott (FL) 
Scott (SC) 
Shelby 
Sullivan 
Thune 
Toomey 
Tuberville 
Wicker 
Young 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:52 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00014
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G22SE6.027
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 60-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4955 
September 22, 2022 
NOT VOTING—4 
Baldwin 
Crapo 
Heinrich 
Murray 
The nomination was confirmed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. VAN 
HOLLEN). Under the previous order, the 
motion to reconsider is considered 
made and laid upon the table, and the 
President will be immediately notified 
of the Senate’s action. 
The majority leader. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I 
move to proceed to legislative session. 
The 
PRESIDING 
OFFICER. 
The 
question is on agreeing to the motion. 
The motion was agreed to. 
f 
AFFORDABLE INSULIN NOW ACT— 
MOTION TO PROCEED 
Mr. SCHUMER. I move to proceed to 
Calendar No. 389, H.R. 6833. 
The 
PRESIDING 
OFFICER. 
The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to H.R. 6833, a bill to 
amend title XXVII of the Public Health 
Service Act, the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, and the Employee Retirement Income 
Security Act of 1974 to establish require-
ments with respect to cost-sharing for cer-
tain insulin products, and for other purposes. 
CLOTURE MOTION 
Mr. SCHUMER. I send a cloture mo-
tion to the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-
ture motion having been presented 
under rule XXII, the Chair directs the 
clerk to read the motion. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION 
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the 
Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby 
move to bring to a close debate on the mo-
tion to proceed to Calendar No. 389, H.R. 
6833, a bill to amend title XXVII of the Pub-
lic Health Service Act, the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, and the Employee Retirement 
Income Security Act of 1974 to establish re-
quirements with respect to cost-sharing for 
certain insulin products, and for other pur-
poses. 
Charles 
E. 
Schumer, 
Raphael 
G. 
Warnock, Tim Kaine, Sherrod Brown, 
Robert P. Casey, Jr., Angus S. King, 
Jr., John W. Hickenlooper, Michael F. 
Bennet, Cory A. Booker, Christopher 
Murphy, 
Amy 
Klobuchar, 
Gary 
C. 
Peters, Edward J. Markey, Benjamin L. 
Cardin, 
Jeanne 
Shaheen, 
Richard 
Blumenthal, 
Jeff 
Merkley, 
Alex 
Padilla, Catherine Cortez Masto. 
Mr. SCHUMER. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the mandatory quorum call 
for the cloture motion filed today, 
Thursday, September 22, be waived. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate be 
in a period of morning business, with 
Senators permitted to speak therein 
for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
REMEMBERING U.S. CAPITOL PO-
LICE OFFICER WILLIAM THOMAS 
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, before 
I yield, I want to join the Senate in of-
fering condolences to the family of Of-
ficer William Thomas of the U.S. Cap-
itol Police. Officer Thomas had been 
battling cancer and died in his home on 
Tuesday, September 20. It breaks my 
heart. He was only 38 years old. 
My thoughts go out to his entire ex-
tended family, especially because I un-
derstand, this week, Officer Thomas’s 
father also passed away. May they find 
some 
comfort 
in 
knowing 
Officer 
Thomas devoted himself to serving oth-
ers for nearly 14 years. He was a mem-
ber of the Capitol Police Force, a be-
loved presence here in the Capitol 
Complex. Staff and Members alike saw 
him every day. He dedicated his life to 
protecting this great institution, and 
all of us in the Senate mourn his loss 
today. 
May he rest in peace. May his father 
rest in peace as well. 
To all members of the U.S. Capitol 
Police Force struggling with this awful 
loss, we are with you in this difficult 
time. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Delaware. 
f 
BUSINESS BEFORE THE SENATE 
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I rise to 
address three different topics, if I 
might. 
First, this week, the Senate of the 
United States did something impor-
tant, something that is genuinely a big 
deal. We ratified a treaty. This is some-
thing we don’t do often enough, and it 
bears 
repeating 
what 
this 
Kigali 
Amendment to the Montreal Protocol 
is. 
By a vote of 69 to 27, a big bipartisan 
vote, this Senate ratified a treaty that 
will reduce global warming by a full 
degree Fahrenheit—something critical 
to the future of the planet—and we do 
it in a way that is a win for American 
manufacturing, a win for American ex-
ports, and a win for our planet and cre-
ation. 
Some of you may remember, a long 
time ago, we discovered a problem—a 
growing hole in the ozone layer that 
was being caused by propellants, by 
CFCs. So the world came together to 
eliminate CFCs and replace them with 
a new generation of artificial propel-
lants and refrigerants known as HFCs. 
That was good news. The hole in the 
ozone layer had largely been addressed, 
and the threat of skin cancer and being 
bombarded by radiation that that 
posed was largely resolved. Yet, this 
next generation of chemicals, HFCs, 
had an unexpected additional problem. 
They are 1,000 times worse for global 
warming, for climate change, than car-
bon dioxide, so much so—and they are 
so broadly used in every industrial set-
ting—that it has led to a rapid increase 
in global warming. 
Well, the solution was actually in-
vented in Delaware. It is the next gen-
eration of chemicals that is much less 
harmful to the climate and to the envi-
ronment, effective as a refrigerant, 
being manufactured now in places 
across the United States, and that, if 
exported to the rest of the world, can 
grow thousands of manufacturing jobs. 
I just wanted to take a moment and 
celebrate. The projections are there 
will be as many as 33,000 new manufac-
turing jobs in the United States, some 
in my home State of Delaware but 
spread across the country; over $1 bil-
lion in new exports that will impact 
just this year the American economy 
because of this; and a 25-percent in-
crease in the exports of American- 
made refrigerators and air-conditioners 
and so forth. 
This was a rare moment of bipartisan 
consensus where we were able to come 
together and address a global challenge 
and create more opportunity here at 
home, and I thought it bore some cele-
bration as we conclude this week. 
Mr. President, earlier this week, our 
President, Joe Biden, stood before the 
world at the United Nations General 
Assembly and continued his forceful, 
clear, and strong effort to call on the 
world to enforce the U.N. Charter and 
to push back on Russia’s brutal inva-
sion of Ukraine. 
Since February, when Putin’s forces 
swept into Ukraine and threatened to 
overrun the entire country, the West 
has pulled together, and allies and sup-
porters of the Ukrainian people from 
around the world have imposed sanc-
tions on Russia and Russian oligarchs; 
have provided funding and support and 
assistance to millions of Ukrainian ref-
ugees who have flooded throughout the 
rest of the world; and, critically, have 
provided financial support for the men 
and women of the Ukrainian Armed 
Forces, who just in recent days made a 
dramatic 
breakout 
in 
northern 
Ukraine, recapturing an area the size 
of Delaware—more than 3,000 square 
miles—in a rapid advance east of 
Kharkiv. 
President Biden has asked this body, 
in a bill we will take up in just a few 
days, to provide $11.7 billion in addi-
tional support for Ukraine. The Pre-
siding Officer and I are appropriators, 
and we know how precious the re-
sources of the American people are. 
And I am grateful that, on a broad bi-
partisan basis, we have provided tens of 
billions of dollars in humanitarian re-
lief for refugees, in support for the 
Government of Ukraine, and in criti-
cally needed military support for the 
Ukrainian Armed Forces. 
It is because the Biden administra-
tion has delivered the most advanced 
and targeted long-range artillery sys-
tems we have, called HIMARS, that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:52 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00015
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.005
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 61-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4956 
September 22, 2022 
suddenly the Ukrainians are making 
real advances on the battlefield. We 
must continue this critical support. 
President Zelenskyy has pulled to-
gether and mobilized the Ukrainian 
people in a remarkable show of deter-
mination, a fierce resistance. Despite 
being badly outnumbered by a much 
greater military force with advanced 
and sophisticated weaponry, Ukrain-
ians have fought bravely and with 
enormous determination. They deserve 
our continued support. 
In just recent weeks, there have been 
some real signs of progress in opening 
the Black Sea ports of Ukraine so that 
grain can be exported to a dozen hun-
gry countries, in making progress on 
prisoner-of-war exchanges between the 
Russians and the Ukrainians, and in 
protests in Russia. 
In an act of desperation, President 
Putin has called up hundreds of thou-
sands of reservists in a mobilization to 
try to push back against Ukrainian 
forces. Russia is losing this fight. They 
are losing on the ground in Ukraine; 
they are losing in the court of public 
opinion; and they are losing strategi-
cally. 
My entire life, we had thought it was 
unlikely that Sweden or Finland would 
ever join NATO—the most successful 
multilateral security arrangement we 
have ever engaged in as a nation—but 
because of Russia’s aggression against 
Ukraine now, both Sweden and Finland 
are seeking admission to NATO. This 
body acted quickly to ratify their ad-
mission to NATO, and we are down to 
just a few countries. 
In New York, I had a chance to meet 
with President Erdogan of Turkey to 
convey to him both our appreciation of 
his help in getting the grain out of the 
Black Sea ports of Ukraine but the ur-
gency of expanding NATO to secure it 
against further Russian aggression. 
It is my hope that we will move 
quickly as a united NATO alliance and 
that we here in this body will act 
quickly to provide the additional as-
sistance to the Ukrainian people, gov-
ernment, and armed forces that our 
President has sought. 
Earlier today, we took up a vote on 
the DISCLOSE Act. Since 2010, when 
the Supreme Court of the United 
States issued an ill-conceived opinion 
in the case of Citizens United, we have 
seen a flood of dark money steadily be-
come more and more pernicious in its 
impact on our politics and our policies. 
Here in Washington and now around 
the country, wealthy individuals, cor-
porations, and shadowy special interest 
groups have contributed hundreds of 
millions—now billions of dollars across 
several election cycles that have un-
dermined the integrity and fairness of 
our elections that are at the very heart 
of our democracy. 
This bill would do a simple thing. It 
would require full disclosure of all cor-
porations, 
trade 
associations, 
non-
profits 
engaging 
in 
electioneering. 
They would have to disclose any donors 
of $10,000 or more over any 2-year pe-
riod. It wouldn’t solve all the problems 
created by Citizens United, but sun-
shine is the best disinfectant, and it 
would allow the American people to 
know who is truly behind the dark 
money-funded ads that now bombard 
citizens 
in 
competitive 
elections 
around our country. 
Tragically, it was a straight party- 
line vote today, and we were not able 
to proceed to take up and vote on the 
DISCLOSE Act. In the end, one party 
continues to defend the practice of 
dark money flooding our elections, 
while another is seeking to open up 
clarity for the general public and our 
electorate on who is giving money to 
whom. We should have had a vote on 
the DISCLOSE Act. Instead we failed 
to get to that bill because we could not 
get in this Chamber 60 votes to move 
ahead. 
It is my hope that the American peo-
ple are paying attention and realize on 
whose side we are on in this fight over 
transparency in our elections. 
With that, Mr. President, I offer my 
thanks. 
I yield the floor to my colleague from 
Michigan. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Michigan. 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I 
first want to echo Senator COONS’ com-
ments on the DISCLOSE Act and how 
unfortunate it was we could not get 
just 10 Republicans to join us to be able 
to end dark money and foreign—the po-
tential of foreign dollars going into 
elections. So I want to thank you, Mr. 
President, for your leadership both in 
the House and in the Senate on this 
real important issue. 
f 
MANUFACTURING 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, as 
everybody in the Chamber knows, I am 
extremely proud to be from Michigan. 
Our State leads the world in innova-
tion. We created and built the auto-
mobile, the automotive assembly line, 
and the American middle class along 
with it. 
And today, our workers are still put-
ting the world on four wheels—and 
really amazing wheels right now. 
I got to show one of our Nation’s 
foremost car guys, President Biden, 
some of Michigan’s latest and greatest 
creations during last week’s Detroit 
Auto Show. He was so happy behind the 
wheel of Chevy’s new Corvette that I 
was a little worried he was going to put 
on his aviators and drive right out of 
the exhibition center. It took a lot to 
get him out of that car, he was so into 
it. 
He was inspired, and we all were. Of 
course, the auto show is always inspir-
ing, but this year it was even more, 
and that is because our Nation is in the 
middle of a manufacturing renaissance. 
And I don’t say that lightly. We are in 
the middle of a manufacturing renais-
sance. 
Democrats in Congress, along with 
President Biden and Vice President 
HARRIS, are helping to revitalize Amer-
ican manufacturing. With tiny House 
and Senate majorities and the car guy 
in the White House, Democrats have 
done more to advance manufacturing 
in America than at any point in the 
past 70 years. We are not just bringing 
back the jobs lost during the pandemic; 
we are going far beyond that. Already, 
nearly 700,000 new manufacturing jobs 
have been created under the Biden ad-
ministration. 
This 
represents 
the 
strongest manufacturing job growth 
since the 1950s—in our lifetime. In 2021 
alone, more manufacturing jobs were 
created. Just last year, more manufac-
turing jobs were created than in any 
single year, any 1 year in nearly 30 
years, which is extraordinary, and it is 
exciting. 
And over the past year, the construc-
tion of new manufacturing facilities in 
the United States has grown by over 
100 percent—116 percent. Meanwhile, 80 
percent of our CEOs in a recent survey 
were either in the process of moving 
manufacturing operations from China 
or were seriously considering doing so. 
So we are seeing a real shift about 
bringing jobs home, and we have been 
providing the incentives and the sup-
port to do that. So that is really great 
news because we know if you are going 
to have an economy, somebody has to 
make 
something—somebody 
has 
to 
make something. And, frankly, that is 
what we do in Michigan. We make 
things. We innovate. And then we 
make things even better and then we 
do it over and over again. 
Of course, we can’t make much of 
anything 
if 
we 
don’t 
have 
the 
semiconducting 
chips—these 
little 
microchips the size of a nail. Whoever 
thought that not having microchips 
would shut down a whole plant, and 
that is what has happened in Michigan, 
unfortunately, during the height of the 
supply chain breakdowns. 
A lack of chips means that auto man-
ufacturers have to idle plants. Assem-
bly lines shut down, and workers get 
sent home. Parking lots at plants fill 
up with cars that can’t be sold because 
of these missing chips. And I see many 
of them not very far from my home in 
Lansing, MI. 
Car lots that normally are full of dif-
ferent makes and models sit empty, 
and the price of new and used cars goes 
up and up without these chips—all be-
cause of a tiny piece of technology no 
bigger than a thumbnail. 
That is why the legislation that we 
passed, the CHIPS and Science Act— 
this legislation that was signed into 
law is really a big deal. This law is 
bringing semiconductor manufacturing 
back to the United States where it be-
longs. Instead of the majority of what 
we need being overseas, it is now going 
to be coming home and creating mil-
lions of jobs in the process, and that is, 
frankly, great news. Currently, U.S. 
manufacturers only have 12 percent of 
the world’s semiconductor manufac-
turing—12 percent. And it actually was 
down from 37 percent in the nineties. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:52 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00016
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G22SE6.036
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 62-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4957 
September 22, 2022 
And now we are going to reverse that 
and bring those jobs home. 
We are already seeing it make a dif-
ference. Intel is building new semicon-
ductor fabricator plants in Ohio and 
Arizona. 
This 
year, 
Micron 
Tech-
nologies is breaking ground for a new 
$15 billion factory in Idaho, and we 
would love to see them come our way. 
It is a great beginning, and we are just 
getting started. 
The American manufacturing boom 
goes 
far 
beyond 
semiconductors, 
though. The investments we have made 
in research and development will en-
sure that the next generation of clean 
energy 
of 
telecommunications 
and 
transportation technologies will be de-
veloped and manufactured right here in 
America as well. 
President Biden got a taste of what 
that was like in the auto show when he 
got behind the wheel of an all-electric 
Cadillac Lyriq and drove it across the 
floor. Again, we were hoping he was 
going to restrain himself from driving 
it off the exhibition floor. 
Democrats provided a huge boost to 
manufacturing, including clean energy 
manufacturing, through the Inflation 
Reduction Act, which unfortunately 
none of our Republican colleagues 
voted for. It created new and expanded 
tax incentives for the next generation 
of clean energy technologies. I have 
constantly been talking about the im-
portance of battery production tax 
credits—production tax credits, mean-
ing you don’t get the credit unless it is 
actually produced in the United States. 
We have done that now. That is now 
law. 
And the new solar manufacturing tax 
credit is going to help American manu-
facturers like Hemlock Semiconductor 
create new products and good jobs as 
well. They create one-third of all the 
polysilicon materials for solar panels, 
but the production has been in other 
countries, primarily, China. Now, with 
the production tax credit, the incentive 
will be to build them, to make them 
here in America. 
The CHIPS and Science Act also pro-
vided $11 billion to develop cutting- 
edge technologies, including up to 
three new Manufacturing USA initia-
tives. We are proud to have two Manu-
facturing USA initiatives already in 
place from the Obama administration. 
There is the Lightweight Innovations 
for Tomorrow, or LIFT, and Michigan 
State University’s Scale-Up Research 
Facility, or SURF. Both are located in 
the same facility in Detroit, and LIFT 
projects include research into better 
welding processes for Navy ships and 
an anti-rollover system for military 
humvees. SURF is partnering with the 
Department of Energy and Ford and 
GM to make sure that America is a 
leader in advanced technologies—ad-
vanced vehicle technologies. 
And the CHIPS and Science package 
also more than doubled funding to de-
velop technologies that are crucial to 
our national and economic security. 
That includes cyber security and bio-
technology and artificial intelligence 
and quantum computing, advanced ma-
terials science, and 6G communica-
tions. 
Now, if we are going to be inventing 
all of this new stuff, we also need work-
ers. You hear that all the time. We 
need 
workers 
who 
are 
skilled 
to 
produce these things, and that is some-
thing that we as Democrats have been 
laser-focused on also. In everything 
that we have done, there has been a 
workforce development piece of it, 
which is so critical. The CHIPS and 
Science Act includes dedicated funding 
for the development of semiconductor 
workforce opportunities. 
The Inflation Reduction Act includes 
incentives for clean energy manufac-
turers to create high-paying jobs and 
apprenticeship programs, which we 
know are so successful and so needed. 
And we have also invested in workforce 
development programs in regions all 
around the country. 
The Build Back Better regional chal-
lenge awarded $1 billion to 120 projects 
across 24 States to help people get the 
skills that they need for these great 
new jobs. These projects are building a 
sustainable mariculture workforce in 
Alaska, training aerospace workers in 
Kansas, and ensuring that Michigan 
has the highly skilled workers needed 
to build the advanced vehicles on dis-
play at the Detroit Auto Show. 
One thing I am also particularly 
proud of in all that we have been doing 
around manufacturing as well is that 
we have worked to ensure that our tax 
dollars are spent on American products 
made by American workers and Amer-
ican companies. Now, that sounds like 
a no-brainer. I know, Mr. President, 
you agree with that, but we have had 
laws on the books for a long time that 
have not been enforced. There has not 
been transparency about what was 
going on, and now they are going to 
have to be accountable and trans-
parent. 
‘‘Buy American’’ needs to be more 
than a slogan on a bumper sticker, and 
now it is. We have ushered in the most 
significant expansion of ‘‘Buy Amer-
ican’’ policies in decades, including a 
new Made in America office at the De-
partment of Commerce that is working 
with each Agency to make sure that 
they are exhausting all the possibili-
ties to buy American before they are 
allowed to have a waiver to that provi-
sion, which is very important. 
Decades from now, people are going 
to look back at the past 2 years as a 
real turning point. I really believe 
that. It is the point when we really 
truly stopped talking and started act-
ing to rebuild American manufac-
turing. It is the point when we created 
hundreds of thousands of good-paying 
jobs, the kind of jobs that support fam-
ilies. And it is the point when we start-
ed to really bring jobs home. 
Democrats are standing on the side 
of American manufacturing. We are 
standing on the side of good-paying 
American union jobs. We are standing 
on the side of the American worker and 
our American middle class. And we are 
building things in America again— 
building things in America again—and 
that is really good news. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Nebraska. 
f 
NDAA 
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, over 
the years, many historians have stud-
ied how exactly the United States was 
able to rapidly mobilize during World 
War II. It was truly a remarkable 
thing. 
One book, ‘‘Freedom’s Forge’’ by Ar-
thur Herman, summarizes the feat 
well. 
American 
manufacturers 
pro-
duced ‘‘two-thirds of all Allied military 
equipment used in World War II. That 
included 86,000 tanks, 2.5 million trucks 
and a half a million jeeps, 286,000 war-
planes, 8,800 naval vessels, 5,600 naval 
merchant ships, 434 million tons of 
steel, 2.6 million machine guns, and 41 
billion rounds of ammunition—not to 
mention the greatest super bomber of 
the war, the B–29, and the atomic 
bomb.’’ 
In the blink of an eye, entire manu-
facturing industries retooled their fac-
tories, and they began pumping out ev-
erything from fighter planes to ships to 
critical munitions. There is no doubt 
that our immense production capacity 
was a critical factor behind why the 
Allies won the war. 
The threat environment that we face 
today is much different. There are a 
wide range of scenarios that our Nation 
has to be prepared for. And, of course, 
the way our economy is structured is 
also much different. 
This raises an important question: 
Are we prepared to respond to the 
changing threat environment of the 
21st century? 
Repeating that incredible moment in 
American history would not be easy. 
What we can and what we should do is 
identify which investments we can 
make to effectively meet these threats 
and deter any adversary. 
For years, we have underinvested in 
our munitions production capacity. We 
can start to reverse that by expanding 
already hot production lines, which 
would have an immediate positive ef-
fect on readiness. 
If we don’t make these investments 
now, it will be harder for us to surge 
munitions production in a time of 
emergency or global instability, and 
that is a concern we must take seri-
ously. 
During a crisis, surge capacity is one 
lever the Department of Defense must 
be able to pull to ensure that decision-
makers have a range of options at their 
disposal. In fact, the ability to surge 
production of munitions is going to be 
vital to respond to most types of mod-
ern conflicts. 
How do we know this? Let’s just look 
at Ukraine and Russia and how quickly 
they are running through munitions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:52 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00017
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G22SE6.037
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 63-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4958 
September 22, 2022 
According to the Royal United Serv-
ices Institute, or RUSI, Ukraine needs 
approximately 
500 
Javelin 
missiles 
every single day. Well, Lockheed Mar-
tin only produces around 2,100 missiles 
a year. When the report was published 
in June, RUSI also estimated that Rus-
sia had used between 1,100 and 2,100 
missiles 
during 
their 
invasion 
of 
Ukraine. That means ‘‘in three months 
of combat, Russia has burned through 
four times the US annual missile pro-
duction’’ for those cruise missiles. 
These examples are important bench-
marks. 
You can do the math, and you can 
pretty quickly come up with future 
scenarios 
where 
demand 
starts 
to 
strain supply. 
Another important factor is the Peo-
ple’s Republic of China, which both the 
Biden administration and the Trump 
administration identified as America’s 
pacing threat. China has spent the last 
two decades dramatically building up 
its military. According to the DOD’s 
2019 Missile Defense Review, ‘‘a key 
component of China’s military mod-
ernization is its conventional ballistic 
missile arsenal designed to prevent 
[the] U.S. military access to support 
regional allies and partners.’’ 
Since then, China’s arsenal has only 
continued to rapidly grow—again, an-
other important reference point that 
our Nation will have to navigate. 
This should not be interpreted as 
fearmongering. I want to be clear that 
I have every confidence in our mili-
tary’s ability to defend this Nation and 
to defend our allies. 
Army Assistant Secretary for Acqui-
sitions, 
Logistics, 
and 
Technology 
Doug Bush recently told reporters, for 
example, that he was ‘‘not uncomfort-
able’’ with our stockpile levels. How-
ever, as Assistant Secretary Bush 
noted, the Army is ‘‘doggedly working 
with industry . . . to boost the produc-
tion of certain weapon systems to keep 
Kyiv armed and the US well stocked.’’ 
In August, the Wall Street Journal 
reported that ‘‘in the [United States], 
it takes 13 to 18 months from the time 
orders are placed for munitions to be 
manufactured, [and that is] according 
to an industry official. Replenishing 
stockpiles of more sophisticated weap-
onry such as missiles and drones can 
take much longer.’’ 
The United States, our allies, and our 
partners need those munitions. The 
challenge is that years of underinvest-
ment has reduced our production ca-
pacities and speed at which we can re-
spond to that increased demand. 
Clearly, there are significant benefits 
to expanding that capacity. Again, we 
have to be able to meet the changing 
threat environment and the rise of our 
near-peer competitors, like China. Con-
gress, I believe, needs to take a few ac-
tions to address this challenge. 
First, invest more in our munitions 
production capacity. Second, pass a 
clean national defense authorization 
act without delay. 
I secured an amendment in this 
year’s Senate NDAA to require the 
Secretary of Defense and the Chairman 
of the Joint Chiefs of Staff to produce 
an annual report on our industrial base 
and the potential constraints for our 
munitions production. This type of re-
porting should help to further identify 
gaps in our production capacity so that 
we can further refine future invest-
ments. Overall, these actions would be 
an important step in the right direc-
tion. 
We know that our adversaries will 
continue—continue—to threaten our 
global security. We know, as shown by 
Russia’s horrific invasion of Ukraine— 
that our allies and partners will con-
tinue—they will continue—to need mu-
nitions. And we know the United 
States needs to be prepared for any sce-
nario that threatens our national secu-
rity. 
The best response to those stark and 
immediate realities is to expand our 
ability to produce the things that we 
need to defend ourselves. If we do that, 
the greater our capacity is to project 
strength, react to any scenario, and 
better support allies and partners. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. COR-
TEZ MASTO). The Senator from Ala-
bama. 
f 
BORDER SECURITY 
Mr. TUBERVILLE. Madam Presi-
dent, sometimes setting records is a 
good thing. Forty years being a college 
football coach in this country, you try 
to set records. But the records this cur-
rent administration has been breaking 
aren’t exactly worth celebrating. 
For example, we are seeing record 
crime and record price increases. Presi-
dent Biden even threw a big party last 
week at the White House to celebrate 
record-high prices, the same day there 
were record market losses in the mar-
ket. 
But even those stats pale in compari-
son to the record-shattering crisis at 
our southern border, another thing 
that they declared victory on without 
attempting to solve the problem. We 
could solve it, but Democrats don’t 
want to solve this problem. 
I guess they would rather listen to 
James Taylor on the White House 
lawn, but the people of Alabama 
haven’t forgotten what is going on at 
the southern border because we are see-
ing the same influx in our State. 
Let’s look back into the 2 years of 
recordbreaking that we have seen since 
the Biden border crisis began and the 
solutions that Democrats refuse to use 
to fix the problem. 
When President Biden took office, he 
rolled back as many policies as pos-
sible that secured our southern border. 
This immediate reversal in security 
measures was something he had prom-
ised on the campaign trail, so we ex-
pected it. Migrants from around the 
world were prepared to take advantage 
of the new administration’s soft-on-se-
curity approach at our border. Since 
then, the border crisis has set record 
after record. 
In this fiscal year alone, we have sur-
passed 2 million apprehensions of ille-
gal immigrants at our southern border 
for the first time ever in the history of 
our country. Last year, that number 
was over 1.7 million—showing the crisis 
at our border is accelerating, not slow-
ing, under this administration. 
This is after almost 2 years of the 
Vice President’s work to address what 
they call the ‘‘root causes’’ of migra-
tion. It has been a disaster. Some will 
try to twist those numbers to use as 
proof that enforcement is working, but 
that is obviously a red herring. 
The staggering—staggering—encoun-
ters and arrests only highlight that 
even more shocking number of illegal 
immigrants we never see—those who 
get away, what we call the got-aways. 
Those are whom we release into the 
United States and they never come 
back. The truth is, we will probably 
never, ever get a true number of those 
who have entered our country illegally. 
We are a country of immigrants—we 
like immigration—but come here le-
gally. 
But we do know that this surge was 
stretched, and the resources have been 
thin ever since the border has been 
open. We cannot follow up with the il-
legal immigrants we do encounter to 
properly screen them and begin immi-
gration proceedings. You can’t have 
proceedings on people whom you do not 
recognize and know where they have 
gone. 
Almost one-third of illegal immi-
grants processed in the time imme-
diately after Biden took office—one- 
third—have never returned for their 
check-in with officials, as called for by 
law; meaning, we have no idea where 
these people are, and they have no in-
tention of coming back and checking 
in. 
Meanwhile, Secretary Mayorkas has 
repeatedly told Congress—repeatedly— 
that the border is secure. While bu-
reaucrats in DC may be sticking to 
that ridiculous spin, our own agents at 
the border know the truth. 
The head of the Border Patrol has ad-
mitted advising his agents to release 
illegal immigrants into the country— 
who would typically be apprehended— 
because they do not have the resources 
to handle the influx of the people com-
ing into the country. We just turn 
them loose. In fact, the Border Patrol 
Chief said he has never seen anything 
like this current situation in his 31 
years of working for the Agency. 
This position we are putting our law 
enforcement officials in is unaccept-
able, but this administration does 
nothing—does nothing—to stop any-
thing that is happening. Instead, they 
just tell us the border is secure when 
our President has not even visited the 
border in his 19 months in office. 
However, we know people aren’t the 
only thing flooding across the borders 
and into our communities. Unthink-
able amounts of deadly fentanyl and 
other drugs are being smuggled into 
this country every single day. Drug 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:52 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00018
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G22SE6.039
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 64-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4959 
September 22, 2022 
cartels are more emboldened than ever 
to send as many deadly drugs as pos-
sible to the border because they know 
they can take advantage of the crisis 
that has been unfolding here for 2 
years. Just in the past week, officers 
have seized $211,000 worth of cocaine 
and $2.3 million worth of meth coming 
across 
the 
Texas 
border—and 
187 
pounds of fentanyl pills hidden in a ve-
hicle in one single bust in Arizona. To 
put that in perspective, that is enough 
fentanyl to kill more than 42 million 
people, nearly 10 times the population 
of my State of Alabama. 
And that is what our Border Patrol 
agents have stopped. Imagine what has 
gone undetected through this new 
open-border policy. More than 71,000 
Americans died so far this year of 
fentanyl overdoses—71,000. That is 195 
people a day in this country who are 
dying because we refuse to stop the 
fentanyl from coming into our country. 
And, along with that, the drug car-
tels are becoming more and more rich 
and more and more compelled to do ex-
actly what they want to do. It is yet 
another problem Democrats refuse to 
discuss or address out of fear of back-
lash from the radical, open-bordered 
ideologues running this administration 
and its immigration policy. Somebody 
has got to control this. One day we will 
find out. 
But Democrats are quick to call out 
the problem when it ends up on their 
front porch. Mayors in New York, Chi-
cago, and right here in DC have cried 
foul and even declared an emergency 
when the border crisis was delivered 
here to this city and others. They have 
no problem ignoring, excusing, and 
misrepresenting the facts of the crisis 
when it is hitting small towns far away 
in Texas, Arizona, and their southern 
neighbors, but when those illegal im-
migrants streaming across the border 
become problems of theirs, they sud-
denly see an emergency. But whom do 
they blame? Obviously, it is the Repub-
licans, not the leader of their party. 
President Biden has created this 
mess. They blame local and State lead-
ers who are drowning in a humani-
tarian crisis that the Democrats are 
making every day and refusing to stop. 
Even as news reports how his own DHS 
planned to ship illegal immigrants to 
sanctuary cities across the country, 
President Biden condemns Republican 
leaders for doing the same. It is hypoc-
risy at its highest degree. 
What is worse is their refusal to fix 
the problem, even though they are well 
aware of the steps that could be taken 
to secure the border. First and fore-
most, finish the wall that they have 
stopped building. Although the wall 
itself will not solve everything, it 
could certainly help address the num-
ber of people who get away—a number 
averaging 1,000 per week in some loca-
tions. 
Secondly, fully reinstate the wildly 
successful migrant protection proto-
cols which require individuals awaiting 
asylum proceedings to wait in Mexico— 
not come over into the United States 
and wait; wait in Mexico, and let’s go 
through your process. If people know 
they will not be allowed into the 
United States, they will not make the 
journey to our border knowing that 
they will have to wait. As of last week, 
we had accepted into this country peo-
ple from 180 different countries. That is 
a long travel if you know that you may 
not get in. 
And, lastly, Democrats could do a 
much better job of supporting law en-
forcement to address human smuggling 
and trafficking efforts at the border. 
As long as the border is wide open, car-
tels will take advantage of the situa-
tion. They are making billions of dol-
lars a year by moving people and drugs 
into the United States, and it is get-
ting worse every day. 
Americans are dying. Cities are being 
overrun. Criminals are getting rich. 
Those are the consequences of Presi-
dent Biden’s border crisis. Those are 
the problems that our Democratic col-
leagues have to fix. 
While President Biden and Demo-
crats celebrate the White House with 
celebrities, Americans are suffering be-
cause of these failures—most notably, 
their inability and unwillingness to 
keep our country safe. 
So here is to the Democrats’ record-
breaking year: record inflation, record 
crime, record drugs, record-shattering 
illegal immigration. We can only hope 
they run out of things to celebrate in 
the very near future. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland. 
f 
SENATE ACCOMPLISHMENTS 
Mr. CARDIN. Madam President, we 
have a 50–50 Senate, with 50 Repub-
licans and 50 Democrats. Vice Presi-
dent HARRIS provides the Democrats 
with our majority. The House of Rep-
resentatives has a very slim Demo-
cratic majority: currently, 221 to 212, 
with 2 vacancies. 
When the 117th Congress began, I 
think most Americans were doubtful 
that we would be able to pass legisla-
tion to help them, their families, their 
communities, and our Nation. I am 
happy to report that, despite the odds, 
the 117th Congress has been a histori-
cally productive Congress. This is not a 
statement I make lightly, nor did I pre-
dict this many legislative accomplish-
ments when we began the 117th Con-
gress in January of 2021. 
I knew America’s doubts, but I also 
shared their fervent hope that Congress 
would somehow find a way to beat the 
odds. And we have, sending numerous 
major bills to President Biden to be 
signed into law. Some of our accom-
plishments have been genuinely bipar-
tisan, especially the Infrastructure In-
vestment and Jobs Act and the so- 
called CHIPS and Science bill. That is 
gratifying because I believe that Con-
gress, especially the Senate, is at its 
best when it works in a bipartisan fash-
ion. 
Some of our accomplishments have 
been solely Democratic victories; nota-
bly, the American Rescue Plan and the 
Inflation Reduction Act. I regret that 
we were unable to convince our Repub-
lican colleagues to join us on those 
bills because they advanced public poli-
cies and enjoyed broad bipartisan sup-
port 
among 
the 
American 
people. 
Democrats will always reach across the 
aisle to pass legislation that enhances 
our national and economic security, 
but we are prepared to work alone, if 
necessary. 
Our most recent accomplishment is 
the Inflation Reduction Act. The Sen-
ate passed this legislation just before 
the August recess on a party-line vote. 
That legislation will make it easier for 
American families to afford health in-
surance and help seniors with prescrip-
tion drug costs. Extending the Afford-
able Care Act enhanced health insur-
ance premium subsidies through 2025— 
just this one provision of this bill—and 
will save medium-income Marylander 
families about $2,200 annually. 
For tens of thousands of Marylanders 
on Medicare who use insulin, the Infla-
tion Reduction Act caps their insulin 
costs at $35 per month. We tried to ex-
tend that cap to Americans with pri-
vate insurance. Our Republican col-
leagues blocked this effort, but Demo-
crats will continue working to make 
that a reality. 
For the more than 1 million Mary-
landers and all other Americans cov-
ered by Medicare, the Secretary of 
Health and Human Services finally will 
have the authority to negotiate lower 
drug prices for the Medicare Program. 
This will help ensure that Medicare pa-
tients get the best deal possible on 
high-priced drugs, saving taxpayers ap-
proximately $100 billion. 
The healthcare provisions in the In-
flation Reduction Act are significant, 
but they are only part of the bill. The 
legislation makes a historic invest-
ment to shift our economy from fossil 
fuels to clean energy. This will help us 
cut our carbon emissions 40 percent by 
2030. The Inflation Reduction Act will 
lower electricity costs and emissions 
and will create up to 9 million good- 
paying jobs here in America in the 
growing clean energy sector. 
I authored a provision in the legisla-
tion to provide production tax credits 
to our existing fleet of nuclear power-
plants. They produce 20 percent of the 
Nation’s electricity and over 50 percent 
of its carbon-free electricity. 
A new analysis estimates that this 
legislation 
will 
lower 
the 
average 
household electricity bill by approxi-
mately $170 to $220 annually over the 
next decade. Maryland homeowners 
will be eligible for tax credits for resi-
dential solar, wind, geothermal, and 
biomass 
fuel 
improvements 
now 
through 2034. They also will be eligible 
for a larger tax credit for energy effi-
ciency home improvements through 
2032, as well as tax credits for the pur-
chase of new and used clean energy ve-
hicles, including electric vehicles. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:52 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00019
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G22SE6.041
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 65-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4960 
September 22, 2022 
Maryland farmers will see tangible 
benefits from the more than $20 billion 
of funds included for climate-smart ag-
ricultural practices through existing 
farm bill conservation programs, in-
cluding 
the 
Regional 
Conservation 
Partnership Program and Natural Re-
sources Conservation Service technical 
assistance for reducers. These are very 
valuable programs for Maryland farm-
ers who are meeting their obligations 
in regard to the Chesapeake Bay Pro-
gram. 
The Inflation Reduction Act also bol-
sters resilience programs to help Mary-
land communities prepare for extreme 
storms and other changing climate 
conditions. We live in a coastal State 
so Marylanders fully understand the 
need to address climate change, cut 
greenhouse gas pollution, and protect 
the Chesapeake Bay. Our State and 
local governments will be eligible for 
new and expanded grant programs to 
improve public health, decrease pollu-
tion, increase climate resiliency, and 
promote environmental equity. 
The legislation pays for these smart 
investments while reducing the deficit 
and without raising taxes on working 
families and small businesses. In fact, 
according to a nonpartisan analysis, 
many working families may actually 
see lower taxes on a net basis over the 
next couple of years as a result of the 
legislation. 
This legislation and its targeted in-
vestments aimed at lowering costs for 
American families is only one of a 
string 
of 
positive 
accomplishments 
that we have been able to do in this 
Congress, coordinating with President 
Biden. Other major legislation in the 
117th Congress includes the bipartisan 
CHIPS and Science Act, which will 
make America more competitive by 
bringing home domestic production of 
semiconductors and investing in inno-
vation and science; the bipartisan Ser-
geant First Class Heath Robinson Hon-
oring Our Promise to Address Com-
prehensive Toxics Act, known as the 
PACT Act, which provides healthcare 
benefits for all generations of toxic-ex-
posed veterans for the first time in our 
Nation’s history and will improve ac-
cess to care for all our veterans—prom-
ises made, promises kept; the Bipar-
tisan Safer Communities Act, which is 
the first major gun safety legislation 
Congress has approved in decades; the 
bipartisan Infrastructure Investment 
and Jobs Act, one of the biggest, most 
comprehensive Federal commitments 
to repairing and modernizing our Na-
tion’s infrastructure in modern his-
tory; the Keep Kids Fed Act, which the 
Senate passed unanimously, that ex-
tended essential funding for schools, 
daycare providers, and communities to 
ensure healthy meals for children 
throughout the school year and sum-
mer; and the American Rescue Plan 
Act, which Democrats passed in March 
of 2021 to provide billions of dollars in 
relief to help Americans recover from 
the COVID–19 pandemic. 
We have done all this, and we are re-
ducing the deficit by $2 trillion. 
Let me talk a little bit about the 
CHIPS and Science Act. Semiconduc-
tors are crucial to nearly every sector 
of our economy. They are in our cars, 
our trucks, medical devices, 5G tele-
communications equipment, and the 
list goes on and on and on. America 
created the semiconductor industry in 
the 1960s. We ceded the global leader-
ship in the seventies. We regained it, to 
an extent, in the nineties but have lost 
it again. In 1990, the U.S. share of semi-
conductor manufacturing was 37 per-
cent. By 2020, that share had declined 
to 12 percent. 
The CHIPS and Science Act gets the 
United States back on track with re-
spect to domestic semiconductor man-
ufacturing, which is crucial for our na-
tional and economic security. This is a 
national security issue that provides 
$54 billion in grants to domestic manu-
facturers and another $24 billion in tax 
credits through the Creating Helpful 
Incentives to Produce Semiconductors 
for America Fund. 
The substitute amendment also au-
thorizes $102 billion over the next 5 
years for the National Science Founda-
tion, the Department of Commerce, 
and the National Institute of Stand-
ards and Technology—a $52 billion in-
crease over the Congressional Budget 
Office baseline. 
These funds will be a shot in the arm 
for domestic manufacturing. Here is a 
list of some firms that plan to use the 
funding to expand or establish manu-
facturing facilities right here in the 
United States: Intel and TSMC plan to 
build factories in Ohio and Arizona; 
GlobalFoundries wants to expand a fa-
cility in Upstate New York; SkyWater 
Technology 
and 
Purdue 
University 
want to collaborate on a new $1.8 bil-
lion factory and research facility in 
West Lafayette, IN; IBM and State 
University of New York at Albany 
want to establish a semiconductor re-
search center in Albany. And the list 
goes go on and on and on. We are pre-
paring for America to continue to lead 
in manufacturing, particularly high- 
tech manufacturing. 
I also want to highlight the science 
provisions in the bill. It authorizes $20 
billion to the first-of-its-kind NSF Di-
rectorate of Technology, Innovation 
and Partnerships, which will accelerate 
domestic development of critical na-
tional and economic security tech-
nologies such as artificial intelligence, 
quantum computing, advanced manu-
facturing, 6G communications, energy, 
and material science. We are going to 
be the leaders in these areas. We should 
be. 
It authorizes $9 billion—$4 billion 
over CBO baseline for several National 
Institutes of Science and Technology 
programs, including tripling of funding 
for the Manufacturing Extension Pro-
gram, leveraging that program to cre-
ate a National Supply Chain Database, 
which will assist businesses with sup-
plier scouting and minimize supply 
chain disruptions; and with NASA, the 
Artemis Program to return Americans 
to the Moon as a prelude to sending hu-
mans to Mars is fully authorized and 
funded. 
The science provisions in this bill 
also extend the International Space 
Station through 2030 and support a bal-
anced 
science 
portfolio, 
including 
Earth science observations and contin-
ued development of the Nancy Grace 
Roman Space Telescope. We are the 
leaders of the space telescope. I am 
proud of all the work that is done in 
my State of Maryland and the images 
that we see from outer space. 
The provisions codify the Planetary 
Defense Coordination Office and re-
quires NASA to continue efforts to pro-
tect Earth from asteroids and comets. 
In this regard, this Monday, the Double 
Asteroid Redirection Test—a Johns 
Hopkins University Applied Physics 
Lab mission—will deliberately crash a 
probe into a ‘‘moon’’ of a double aster-
oid to shift its orbit. 
It is amazing that we can do this. We 
are the leaders in science, and we are 
making sure we are going to be the 
leaders in science and in space moving 
forward. 
I introduced the Cleaner, Quieter Air-
planes Act in the previous Congress 
and again in this Congress, and I am 
pleased the CHIPS and Science bill di-
rects NASA to continue research in 
aeronautics, including the use of exper-
imental aircraft to advance aircraft ef-
ficiency and supersonic flight. 
The PACT Act, in addition to pro-
viding the historic relief to toxic-ex-
posed veterans, boosts claims proc-
essing; bolsters the Veterans’ Adminis-
tration’s workforce; and invests in VA 
healthcare facilities nationwide to en-
sure the Agency can meet the imme-
diate and future needs of every veteran 
it serves, including the 300,000-plus vet-
erans who live in the State of Mary-
land. I will tell you, it provides for im-
provements to the community health 
centers in Prince George’s and Balti-
more City for our veterans. 
The Safer Communities Act closes 
loopholes that allowed convicted do-
mestic violence abusers to buy fire-
arms legally. It boosts funding for com-
munity violence intervention and pre-
vention initiatives, and it provides 
hundreds of millions of dollars in fund-
ing to improve and expand mental 
healthcare. 
On 
the 
bipartisan 
infrastructure 
package, funding is flowing right now 
to improve Maryland’s transit, ports, 
roads, and bridges; expand broadband 
availability; and fix our aging drinking 
water and wastewater system. The bill 
provides $17 billion in port infrastruc-
ture and waterways. Congestion in 
American ports was a key factor in the 
disruption of the global supply chain. 
Expanding and modernizing port infra-
structure will help ensure that Amer-
ican manufacturers and producers can 
move their goods to markets around 
the world. The bill also invests $25 bil-
lion in our airports. Modernizing our 
airport infrastructure will help keep 
people and products moving around the 
country and the world. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:52 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00020
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G22SE6.042
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 66-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4961 
September 22, 2022 
I am particularly pleased the legisla-
tion includes $238 million for the 
Chesapeake Bay Program. The bill also 
includes my bipartisan legislation to 
make permanent and expand the Mi-
nority Business Development Agency, 
which is the only Federal Agency dedi-
cated to supporting minority-owned 
businesses. 
The American Rescue Plan provides 
tens of billions of dollars to support 
vaccination 
and 
COVID–19 
testing, 
driving down the death rate from the 
virus by 90 percent. The bill also in-
vested in hard-hit communities and 
brought concrete relief to the Nation 
at a time of great need. I was espe-
cially proud of the investments we 
made to help save so many small busi-
nesses throughout Maryland and the 
Nation. 
From the American Rescue Plan to 
the Inflation Reduction Act, and every-
thing in between, these and other legis-
lative accomplishments have helped 
address important needs across Mary-
land and our Nation. 
At the peak of the COVID–19 pan-
demic, over 20 million Americans had 
lost their jobs. And the unemployment 
rate rose to 14.7 percent in April of 
2020. The number of employed Ameri-
cans now exceeds the prepandemic 
high—the second fastest job market re-
covery since 1981. The number of Amer-
icans working is at an alltime high. 
And 
the 
unemployment 
rate 
has 
dropped a half-century low of 3.5 per-
cent. 
Since President Biden assumed of-
fice, the economy added nearly 700,000 
new manufacturing jobs. This rep-
resents the strongest manufacturing 
job growth since the 1950s. Manufac-
turing job growth in 2021 alone exceed-
ed any other single year going back 
nearly 30 years. 
Over the past year, the construction 
and new manufacturing facilities in the 
United States has grown by an esti-
mated 116 percent. In recent surveys, 
the CEOs, 80 percent were either in the 
process of moving manufacturing oper-
ations back to the United States from 
China or were considering doing just 
that. 
While unemployment continues at 
historic lows and gas prices are declin-
ing rapidly, we are still facing chal-
lenges. Food prices, rent, and other 
costs are still too high. The Federal 
Reserve has had to raise interest rates, 
which is painful for families and busi-
nesses alike. Most mainstream econo-
mists believe that we can avoid a reces-
sion and the economy will have a soft 
landing despite the supply chain chal-
lenges we continue to face because of 
COVID and Russia’s war in Ukraine. 
This would be a truly historic accom-
plishment. 
President Kennedy said: 
Our responsibility is one of decision, for to 
govern is to choose. 
Our legislative achievements over 
the last 20 months demonstrate that 
Congress can be productive and the 
Federal Government is a powerful force 
for good. 
I hope we choose to remain on that 
path—Democrats 
and 
Republicans 
alike—because there is still so much 
we can do and need to do to help the 
American people. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Virginia. 
f 
ENERGY INDEPENDENCE AND 
SECURITY ACT 
Mr. KAINE. Madam President, I rise 
to talk about a piece of legislation that 
was announced last night by a very 
close friend of mine, Senator MANCHIN 
of West Virginia—the Energy Independ-
ence and Security Act of 2022. Senator 
MANCHIN
and I were Governors to-
gether, and we sit next to each other 
on the Senate floor. And we are often 
in agreement. And on this particular 
bill—it is 91 pages long, and there are 
24 sections—we are in agreement on 23 
of the 24 sections and 86 of the 91 pages. 
I want to talk about the permitting 
reform provisions in the bill that I sup-
port, but then I want to point out sig-
nificant concerns with section 24 of the 
bill that is sort of an anti-permitting 
reform bill. It would take one project 
that is in my State, the Mountain Val-
ley Pipeline, out of permitting proc-
esses, out of judicial review, and have 
Congress put our thumb on the scale, 
advancing the project immune from 
the normal permitting process and ju-
dicial review. 
I would like to start by saying I am 
a strong supporter of American energy 
independence, and I applaud the efforts 
of my colleague Senator MANCHIN to do 
the same. 
I voted with a number of Senators a 
few years ago to end the ban on export 
of crude oil from the United States. 
And I have strongly supported liquefied 
natural gas exports to help nations 
around the world wean themselves off 
of energy dependence on dictators like 
Vladimir Putin. 
I also firmly believe in the need for 
permitting reform. The heart of the 
Energy Independence and Security Act 
is a recognition that permitting for en-
ergy transmission and other projects in 
this country is essentially broken; that 
it takes too long. It is too inconsistent. 
I filed my first permitting reform bill 
in 2017 as a recognition of the fact that 
natural gas pipelines proposed in Vir-
ginia were running into very signifi-
cant challenges, in particular. These 
pipeline programs require the use of 
eminent domain. So you are taking 
people’s property to build these pipe-
line projects. And if the government is 
going to take people’s property, we 
ought to have a process that is fair. 
But what I heard from my constitu-
ents in Virginia is that they were being 
ignored; that there was inadequate 
public hearing. The hearings were 
scheduled hundreds of miles apart, far 
away from the landowners themselves. 
They would get to the public hearings 
and people had presigned up, often en-
couraged by the pipeline proponent so 
that the actual landowners never got a 
chance to speak. And when they did get 
to speak, their input wasn’t being 
taken seriously. 
So, in 2017, I introduced my first per-
mitting reform bill to deal exactly 
with some of the same kinds of issues 
that Senator MANCHIN has included in 
the Energy Independence and Security 
Act. 
So I am here to say, I am all for per-
mitting reform. I am all for permitting 
reform. And I believe that there is a bi-
partisan majority—indeed, a super-
majority in this body—that were we to 
undertake this in regular order, we 
could come up with a permitting re-
form bill that, together with the infra-
structure bill that we did and the Infla-
tion Reduction Act that we did, will 
help us power forward American inno-
vation, especially in leading the world 
in clean energy. 
So that is 86 pages of the bill. And I 
strongly approve of the bill. The legis-
lation that I introduced in 2017 isn’t in 
it. I would like to get it added in. But 
even if it weren’t added in, there is 
enough good in this bill for me to sup-
port it. 
But what I want to talk about with 
an equal degree of passion is my strong 
opposition to section 24 of the bill, 
dealing with the Mountain Valley Pipe-
line. 
The Mountain Valley Pipeline is a 
304-mile natural gas pipeline in West 
Virginia and Virginia. About two- 
thirds of it is in West Virginia and one- 
third is in Virginia. The pipeline is pro-
posed to withdraw natural gas from the 
Marcellus 
shale—one 
of 
the 
great 
American reserves of natural gas—and 
then transmit that gas first through 
West Virginia and then Virginia where 
it could hook up with other pipelines 
to be distributed around the country or 
to ports where it could be liquefied and 
potentially sold overseas. 
The Mountain Valley Pipeline has 
had a star-crossed history in recent 
years. It has had multiple Federal au-
thorizations vacated. It has accrued 
over 350 violations of water quality-re-
lated protections, both in Virginia and 
in West Virginia. And it currently 
lacks several necessary Federal au-
thorizations to continue construction. 
My constituents in Virginia have 
complained significantly about work-
manship problems in the Mountain 
Valley Pipeline. And work on the pipe-
line has been stopped by State agencies 
because of slipshod quality that dam-
ages water and that damages people’s 
property. 
I am not opposed to the Mountain 
Valley Pipeline. I don’t think Congress 
should be in the business of approving 
pipelines or rejecting them. 
Madam President, you were an attor-
ney general dealing with eminent do-
main. We generally don’t let legislative 
bodies decide whose property is going 
to get taken. 
Eminent domain matters are usually 
for courts and administrative agencies. 
So as the Mountain Valley Pipeline has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:52 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00021
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G22SE6.043
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 67-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4962 
September 22, 2022 
proceeded in recent years, I have had 
opponents of the pipeline come to say: 
Look, there have been water quality 
violations. You should stop the pipe-
line. 
I have had proponents of the pipeline 
come and say: We need this for Amer-
ica’s energy security. You should put 
your thumb on the scale and make sure 
it gets approved. 
What I have told both the opponents 
and proponents of the Mountain Valley 
Pipeline is: You tell me how to fix the 
process—the 
permitting 
process—to 
make it fair, and I will do that. But 
then you should have to put your 
project through a fair permitting proc-
ess and, if you can earn approval on the 
merits, then you can build the pipeline. 
But if you do poor work and can’t, then 
you are not going to be able to build it. 
I deeply believe this is not Congress’s 
job to make this determination. It is 
our job to make sure that permitting is 
fair. 
Section 24 of the Energy Independ-
ence and Security Act of 2022 would ba-
sically say that after 86 pages of im-
proving permitting in this country, we 
will take one project in two States and 
take it completely out of all permit-
ting. We will order the Biden adminis-
tration to grant four permits that are 
currently in midstream. The company 
hasn’t yet demonstrated that it should 
get these four permits. 
There is a Clean Water Act permit. 
There is a permit to cross the Jefferson 
National Forest. There is a permit to 
certify that this project will not harm 
endangered species. And, finally, there 
is a permit from FERC, the Federal En-
ergy Regulatory Commission. The com-
pany is attempting to get these per-
mits, 
but 
they 
haven’t 
yet 
dem-
onstrated that they are able to do it. 
But what section 24 of the bill would 
do, after doing this great work to es-
tablish this great permitting process, 
is that it would say: Forget all of that. 
The Biden administration must give 
these four permits to the Mountain 
Valley Pipeline owners right now, and, 
further, no one can seek any judicial 
review of these permits—highly un-
usual. 
These administrative permits are 
issued by administrative agencies with 
a capacity for judicial review under the 
Administrative Procedure Act. But in 
this case, we would be forced to issue 
the permit, and then we would also im-
munize the permit from any person, 
landowner, effective party, or environ-
mental group being able to challenge it 
in judicial review. In my view, that is 
highly inappropriate and virtually un-
precedented. 
But to make matters worse, section 
24 of the bill also does something that 
I believe is unprecedented and that 
would create a very, very dangerous 
precedent in this body. It would strip 
jurisdiction of any litigation in the fu-
ture in this project from the U.S. Court 
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit, 
headquartered in Richmond, my home-
town. 
Why? The owners of the Mountain 
Valley Pipeline have lost a case or two 
in the Fourth Circuit. 
I used to try cases, as did the Pre-
siding Officer. I lost some cases, and I 
lost cases in the Fourth Circuit. If I 
represented a civil rights litigant and 
we lost a case in the Fourth Circuit, I 
had remedies. The first remedy was to 
try to get an en banc court to possibly 
reconsider the ruling of the panel. It is 
difficult to do, but that is a remedy 
you have. 
The second remedy you have is to ap-
peal to the U.S. Supreme Court. I tried 
that too. Once, I got a case that I had 
lost in the Fourth Circuit taken by the 
U.S. Supreme Court, and I was able to 
be successful there in getting it re-
versed. 
But if you are a party that is un-
happy, that is what your remedy is, to 
appeal. Whether you are rich or you 
are poor, whether you are a corpora-
tion or an individual, whether it is a 
criminal case or a civil case, if you 
don’t like the ruling of a district court, 
you appeal to an appellate court. If you 
don’t like the ruling of an appellate 
court, you try to take it en banc or go 
to the Supreme Court. And that is a 
rule that should apply to all litigants. 
In this case, what the Mountain Val-
ley Pipeline is asking is, in my view, 
an egregious and dramatic overreach. 
They don’t like the rulings of the 
Fourth Circuit. They haven’t been able 
to get the Fourth Circuit to take the 
case en banc. They haven’t been able to 
convince the U.S. Supreme Court that 
the Fourth Circuit was wrong. 
So what the Mountain Valley Pipe-
line owners are asking the Senate to do 
and what this bill proposes is that we 
would take jurisdiction away from the 
Fourth Circuit and mandate that any 
future case not go to the Fourth Cir-
cuit but instead come to the DC Court 
of Appeals. 
What ground would there be for such 
a historic rebuke of my hometown Fed-
eral circuit court, to say that just be-
cause they ruled against a powerful en-
ergy corporation, we will, in an unprec-
edented way, strip jurisdiction away 
from them in a pending case that is 
midstream and not allow them to hear 
it? 
The Fourth Circuit is my hometown 
circuit court. I tried cases in the dis-
trict courts there. I had appeals in that 
court. I won some; I lost some. I was 
often unhappy with the ruling, but 
never would I have believed, if a ruling 
went against me, that the resolution 
was to punish the court by stripping ju-
risdiction away from them. Yet that is 
what the Energy Independence and Se-
curity Act of 2022 would do. It would 
force the issuance of permits that have 
not yet been justified, deny the possi-
bility of judicial review of those per-
mits and, in particular, in an unprece-
dented way, strip jurisdiction away 
from one circuit court in the middle of 
a case by taking it away from them. 
Why? Because the big energy company 
that wants these permits is unhappy 
that they have lost a case there. 
As I conclude, I just want to point 
out, if we go down this path, in my 
view, it could open the door to serious 
abuse and even corruption. Imagine if 
the Senate of the United States starts 
stripping jurisdiction away from courts 
because we don’t like their ruling. So 
midstream, we will take it away. 
A corporation is unhappy that they 
are getting sued in shareholder deriva-
tive suits in the Second Circuit, for ex-
ample, and somebody comes to the 
Senate and says: Let’s just take juris-
diction away from the Second Circuit 
dealing with this particular company. 
Somebody in a complicated criminal 
case doesn’t like the rulings of a cir-
cuit court on procedural matters and 
tries to get this body, the Senate of the 
United States, to strip jurisdiction 
away from the court. 
I am proud of the Fourth Circuit— 
the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 
Fourth Circuit. I have been involved 
with my colleague Senator WARNER in 
recommending to Presidents and then 
advocating for people to be nominated 
and eventually confirmed in this court. 
The Fourth Circuit is no more perfect 
than any court is. 
I can tell you, as somebody who has 
practiced in this court for my entire 
professional career, they do not deserve 
to be rebuked in a historic way and 
have jurisdiction stripped away from 
them in a case like this just because 
they have had the temerity to rule 
against an energy company on a pipe-
line project. 
We can do a permitting reform bill 
that will advance the goals of the first 
86 pages of the Energy Independence 
and Security Act. We can do a bill that 
will include 23 of the 24 sections of the 
Energy Independence and Security Act 
and have a much better permitting 
process that the Mountain Valley Pipe-
line and anyone else wanting to do a 
project can then go through. 
If they demonstrate on the merits 
that they should be entitled to build a 
pipeline or an electricity transmission, 
then build it, by all means. But don’t 
embrace the need for permitting re-
form and then choose one project in 
the entire United States, affecting my 
State, and pull it out of permitting re-
form, insulating it from the normal 
processes of administrative permitting 
issuance and insulating it from judicial 
review. 
I yield the floor. 
The 
PRESIDING 
OFFICER 
(Ms. 
SMITH). The Senator from Kansas. 
f 
INFLATION 
Mr. MARSHALL. Madam President, 
last week, we received what might 
have been the worst economic news I 
have ever seen in 1 day in my lifetime. 
In Joe Biden’s America, it costs more 
to feed your family. In Joe Biden’s 
America, your commute to work is 
more expensive. In Joe Biden’s Amer-
ica, it is a struggle to pay the bills that 
power your home. In Joe Biden’s Amer-
ica, farmers and ranchers are facing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:52 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00022
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G22SE6.046
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 68-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4963 
September 22, 2022 
such high input costs that they are 
struggling to grow the food that feeds 
our Nation and those around the globe. 
In Joe Biden’s America, just as kids 
are heading back to school, the price of 
school supplies has increased by over 9 
percent. 
This President continues to preside 
over the worst economy that most 
Kansans have ever seen in their life-
time. This is all thanks to the Demo-
crats’ massive, hyperpartisan, tax-and- 
spending bills and, of course, their 
business-crushing Federal regulations. 
As you can see on this chart, infla-
tion was just 1 percent in January 
2021—1.4 percent. Today, it is over a 
staggering 8 percent, almost 6 times 
higher than when Joe Biden took the 
reins and his woke inflationary policies 
wrecked our economy. 
Look, energy, groceries, and shelter 
account for two-thirds of inflation, and 
they always lead inflation. Inflation is 
not going away unless this administra-
tion does an about-face on its policies, 
and we know that is not going to hap-
pen. 
Let’s take a look at what Joe Biden 
has done. 
Energy—energy is up 23 percent; gro-
ceries, up 13 percent; shelter, up 6 per-
cent. You might ask: Why? Why has 
shelter gone up 6 percent? Look, mort-
gage rates on 30-year loans have quad-
rupled under this President. Energy, 
grocery, shelter—all up across the 
board. All are essential to every indi-
vidual’s comfort and prosperity. 
Finally, have you looked at your re-
tirement accounts lately? Down, if you 
are lucky, maybe some 17 percent off 
its peak values. 
Kansans are hurting. Main Street 
merchants are hurting. Americans are 
hurting. Instead of helping, this admin-
istration continues to pour gas on the 
fire with another massive spending bill. 
Then they had the gall to publicly cele-
brate last week on the south lawn of 
the White House—the very day the 
stock market went into a spiral after 
the CPI came in showing the highest 
inflation rate in nearly 40 years. 
What is more, Sunday night on ‘‘60 
Minutes,’’ the President said inflation 
was up ‘‘just an inch, hardly at all.’’ 
Are you kidding me? I can’t imagine 
an administration more out of touch, 
more apathetic to the pain of the peo-
ple who elected him than this one. An 
8.3 percent increase in inflation over 
last year is not just an inch. This kind 
of minimization infuriates everyone. I 
have heard it at every one of my 100 
townhall meetings. 
Let’s not forget, since Joe Biden took 
his oath, inflation has increased over 13 
percent. When you live paycheck to 
paycheck, 13 percent is not just an 
inch. Americans are much smarter 
than you think. 
Inflation is going to be Joe Biden’s 
legacy to the American people. In our 
history books, the texts my grand-
children—two of whom are sitting in 
the Gallery today—will study, they 
will see a graphic like the one behind 
me. 
If anyone was hoping that the Fed-
eral Reserve would be able to slow 
down interest hikes, you can think 
again. This month’s numbers made it 
clear to the Fed that their job is far 
from done, forcing them to raise inter-
est rates by another 75 basis points. 
Interest is only going to keep in-
creasing unless they reverse their poli-
cies. 
Look, life will continue to get more 
expensive under Joe Biden. Why? Be-
cause this President will not reverse 
his woke inflationary policies. Even 
now, President Biden and the Demo-
crats want to continue to tax and 
spend us further into recession. 
Make no mistake about it. After al-
most a year and a half of financial anx-
iety and paychecks that are not going 
as far, Americans have had enough of 
the failing economic agenda of Joe 
Biden and this Democratic majority in 
Congress. 
November can’t come soon enough. 
Come January, the tax-and-spend agen-
da will come to an immediate end. We 
will not allow this administration to 
further damage this country with their 
failed economic agenda. 
Before COVID, we had the greatest 
economy in generations. We accom-
plished this by slashing taxes and get-
ting out of the way of industry and let-
ting American producers produce. This 
is what the American people want. 
This is what the American people de-
serve. This is what will lead America 
back to prosperity. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The sen-
ior Senator from Minnesota. 
f 
NOMINATION OF ROBIN MEREDITH 
COHN HUTCHESON 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. I rise today in 
support of the nomination of Robin 
Hutcheson to be Administrator of the 
Federal Motor Carrier Safety Adminis-
tration. 
As the Presiding Officer knows, her 
experience as Deputy Administrator 
and, currently, as Acting Adminis-
trator will serve her well. I am proud 
to say that she used to call Minnesota 
home, where she served as Director of 
Public Works for the City of Min-
neapolis for many years. 
Ms. Hutcheson brings much experi-
ence with her to this job. She has 
served in three roles at the U.S. De-
partment of Transportation: Deputy 
Assistant Secretary for Safety Policy, 
FMCSA Deputy Administrator, and 
currently, as Acting Administrator. 
She has a strong track record on safe-
ty. 
As the Deputy Assistant Secretary 
for Safety Policy for U.S. DOT, she was 
instrumental in developing the Na-
tional Roadway Safety Strategy and 
the new Safe Streets and Roads for All 
program. 
She also has local experience man-
aging transportation systems in three 
States across the country: Minnesota, 
as we discussed, Utah, and Montana. In 
her role as Director of Public Works for 
the City of Minneapolis, she oversaw a 
1,100-person team across nine divisions, 
including all transportation functions. 
During a time when our supply 
chains are being tested to their limits, 
I believe that her public and private ex-
perience, as well as her experience at 
both the local and Federal level, will 
bring a unique perspective to the role 
and improve the safety of our transpor-
tation networks. 
I will address her unanimous consent 
proposal in a minute. 
f 
DISCLOSE ACT 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Madam President, 
I am now going to turn to the next 
item on my agenda before we all ad-
journ, and that is a speech in support 
of the DISCLOSE Act and the need to 
take action to get secret money out of 
our elections. 
I want to thank Senator WHITEHOUSE 
for his leadership on this legislation 
and testimony at the Committee on 
Rules and Administration hearing I 
held on it this summer. 
Senator WHITEHOUSE has championed 
this bill since 2012, and I have been 
proud to support it alongside him in 
every Congress. 
I also want to thank Leader SCHUMER 
for holding a vote to advance this bill 
today. While the vote was ultimately 
unsuccessful, it is important that the 
people of this country understand that 
Senate Democrats—and only Senate 
Democrats, it appears—remain com-
mitted to addressing secret money in 
our election. 
This vote could not have come at a 
more important time, as we are seeing 
an unprecedented flood of money into 
our elections. Over $14 billion was 
spent during the 2020 election, the most 
expensive in our country’s history. 
As we approach the general election 
in November with 48 days left, this is 
already—and we still have 48 days 
left—the most expensive midterm elec-
tion ever. One estimate expects that 
nearly $10 billion will be spent just on 
political 
advertising 
this 
election 
cycle, more than double the $4 billion 
in the 2018 midterm elections. 
As spending on elections increases, 
the sources of the spending are less ac-
countable than ever before. One inves-
tigation found that more than $1 bil-
lion was spent on the 2020 elections by 
groups that do not disclose their do-
nors at all. 
I want people to think about this. 
One billion was spent on the 2020 elec-
tion, one billion—not million—$1 bil-
lion, by groups that do not disclose 
their donors at all. No one likes that; I 
don’t care if you are Democrat, Repub-
lican, or Independent, you at least 
want to know what money is being 
spent and who is paying for these nega-
tive ads that you see all over TV. 
As spending on election increases, 
the sources of that spending are less 
accountable than ever before. Ameri-
cans know there is way too much 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:12 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00023
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G22SE6.047
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 69-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4964 
September 22, 2022 
money in our elections, and for our de-
mocracy to work, we need to know 
where the money is coming from. It is 
that simple. 
But since the Supreme Court’s deci-
sion in Citizens United opened up the 
flood of outside money, overturned so 
much of the bipartisan work that had 
been done by our former colleague Sen-
ator McCain—who we miss dearly—as 
well as Senator Feingold, our neighbor 
in Wisconsin, but since that time and 
the overturning of those requirements 
of the McCain-Feingold campaign re-
strictions, there have been no signifi-
cant improvements made to disclosure 
laws or regulations. 
Unlimited, anonymous spending in 
our elections doesn’t encourage free 
speech; it drowns out the voices of you. 
It drowns out the voices of the Amer-
ican people who want to participate 
and be treated like everyone else. They 
have one vote just like a billionaire 
has a vote. Yet, what do we see? The 
billionaire gets to have undue influ-
ence, and we don’t even know who he is 
because it is shrouded in secrecy be-
cause there is no requirement that the 
name be disclosed. 
This unrelenting secret spending will 
continue unless we take action to ad-
dress it. That is why we need to pass 
the DISCLOSE Act. 
The DISCLOSE Act would address 
this tidal wave of secret money by re-
quiring outside groups that spend in 
our elections to disclose their large do-
nors—those that contribute more than 
$10,000. 
How could anyone be opposed to this? 
We are not talking about a lot of pa-
perwork. We are talking about people 
who give more than $10,000. Looking 
around the Gallery, looking at the 
pages, I just find it hard to believe 
there are people right here that are 
going to give over $10,000 and then hide 
behind some kind of curtain of non-
disclosure. That is what is happening. 
We just want to know who they are. 
Importantly, the bill also makes it 
harder for wealthy special interests to 
hide their contributions to cloak the 
identity of donors, and it cracks down 
on the use of shell companies to con-
ceal the donations of foreign nationals. 
Let me repeat that. Who could be 
against trying to figure out whether 
shell companies are hiding the dona-
tions of foreign nationals, of people 
who don’t even live in America who are 
trying to influence our elections? 
I held a hearing on the bill in the 
Committee on Rules and Administra-
tion on the DISCLOSE Act this sum-
mer, where we heard about the effects 
that secret money is having on our de-
mocracy and why we need to pass this 
legislation. 
Senator WHITEHOUSE testified at the 
hearing, and he spoke powerfully about 
the impact that secret money is having 
on our government, affecting all as-
pects of our lives, from the makeup of 
our courts to people’s healthcare deci-
sions to addressing climate change. 
We also heard from Montana’s Com-
missioner of Political Practices Jeff 
Mangan, who told us how his State’s 
version of the DISCLOSE Act passed in 
2015 with bipartisan support. Let me 
repeat that. In Montana, red and blue 
worked together and got this passed. I 
couldn’t agree more that transparency 
in our democracy should not be a par-
tisan issue, and regardless of political 
party, we should know who is spending 
on our elections. 
The American people know what is at 
stake. So it is no surprise that cam-
paign finance disclosure laws have 
overwhelming support. One recent poll 
found that in swing States, 91 percent 
of 
likely 
voters—Republicans 
and 
Democrats—those are States that go 
red or blue, may be considered purple— 
91 percent of likely voters—Repub-
licans 
and 
Democrats—support 
full 
transparency of campaign contribu-
tions and spending in our elections. 
Another poll from 2019 found that 
across America, 83 percent of likely 
voters support public disclosures of 
contributions. Those are people regard-
less of their political stripes. There is 
also a long history of bipartisan sup-
port for reducing the influence of 
money in our democracy. 
In fact, the very first limits on cor-
porate campaign contributions came in 
1907, the Tillman Act, the landmark 
Federal Election Campaign Act then 
passed in 1972, and as I noted, the Bi-
partisan Campaign Reform Act in 2002 
was also bipartisan, supported by Sen-
ators John McCain and Russ Feingold. 
They joined together to champion, to 
pass this really important bill. Guess 
what. All three of those bills I just 
mentioned, the one in 1907, the one in 
1972, the one in 2002, they were all 
signed into law by Republican Presi-
dents. This has always been a bipar-
tisan issue in our country. 
Former 
Supreme 
Court 
Justice 
Antonin Scalia, never one to hide his 
opinions, was also a staunch supporter 
of campaign finance disclosure. In a 
2010 case, Doe v. Reed, he wrote: 
For my part, I do not look forward to a so-
ciety which, thanks to the Supreme Court, 
campaigns anonymously . . . hidden from 
public scrutiny and protected from the ac-
countability of criticism. 
These are his words: 
This does not resemble the Home of the 
Brave. 
You can’t get much more conserv-
ative than former Justice Scalia. This 
is a bipartisan issue. We ask our col-
leagues to change their minds. Ensur-
ing the transparency of our elections 
has been and should continue to be a 
bipartisan value. 
These issues are at the very heart of 
our democracy, and this commonsense 
bill would protect the right of voters to 
make informed choices and know who 
has been trying to influence our elec-
tions. 
As we move forward, I urge my col-
leagues to join me in supporting these 
measures in the future as well as the 
measures in the Freedom to Vote Act, 
which the DISCLOSE Act was part of 
that I led in the Senate that would give 
us baseline—baseline—rules of the road 
for the voters of this country to be able 
to make sure they can cast their votes 
regardless of whether they live in Min-
nesota or Texas. 
With that, I would like to turn to a 
few other matters that will help to 
close the Senate that I will receive in 
a few minutes. I have one. I will get 
started. Here we go. This is very excit-
ing, happening in real time for all 
those watching. See, we are all pre-
pared. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
TREATY DOCUMENT NO. 117–1 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Madam President, 
today I rise to celebrate the Senate’s 
ratification of the Kigali Amendment 
to the Montreal Protocols to phase 
down the use of hydrofluorocarbons, 
also known as HFCs. Not only did this 
critical amendment receive resounding 
bipartisan support, it also marked our 
Nation’s participation in the most sig-
nificant climate treaty in 30 years. 
Across the country, there have been 
alarming examples of extreme weather. 
Parts of California are blanketed in 
black smoke from wildfires, many Ken-
tuckians are still without homes as a 
result of flooding in July, and Hurri-
cane Fiona left millions of Puerto 
Ricans without power. And around the 
world, we have seen a devastating 
drought in East Africa, Greenland’s ice 
sheet’s largest September melt event 
on record, and flooding in Pakistan 
that left a third of the country under-
water. It is clear that climate change 
isn’t something that’s happening 100 
years in the future, it’s happening now. 
That is why our ratification of the 
Kigali Amendment is so critical. HFCs 
are particularly potent greenhouse gas-
ses, disproportionately responsible for 
rising temperatures that are linked to 
catastrophic weather events. By join-
ing the effort to reduce global HFC 
consumption and production by 80 per-
cent by 2047, we can help prevent 0.5 de-
grees C of warming by the end of this 
century. 
In addition to helping the planet, 
phasing out the use of HFCs in com-
mon consumer products like refrig-
erators and air-conditioners will de-
liver clear benefits to the American 
people in the form of lower energy 
bills. It also creates huge opportunities 
for U.S. businesses that have developed 
green alternatives to HFCs to reach 
global markets. This is one of the 
many situations where what is good for 
our planet is also good for consumers 
and businesses. 
The ratification of the Kigali Amend-
ment builds on the progress our coun-
try made with the enactment of the In-
flation Reduction Act, which included 
provisions to tackle the climate crisis. 
Because of this law, we are on track to 
reduce carbon emissions by 40 percent 
by 2030. It was a huge step, but we still 
have more work to do to become a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:12 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00024
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G22SE6.048
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE
---

 -Page 70-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4965 
September 22, 2022 
completely carbon neutral economy by 
2050. 
To keep paving the way to our clean 
energy future, I introduced several 
pieces of legislation to accelerate our 
energy 
transition, 
including 
the 
HEATR Act, to drive manufacturing of 
heat pumps and the Energy Efficiency 
for Affordable Housing Act to make it 
easier for people living in affordable 
housing to invest in more efficient sys-
tems. 
With the ratification of the Kigali 
Amendment, we are asserting our glob-
al leadership in the fight to combat cli-
mate change. Working on the national 
and international level, we can miti-
gate the worst impacts of climate 
change while generating benefits for 
the American people and opportunities 
for American businesses. 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION 
Mr. HAWLEY. Madam President, had 
there been a recorded vote, I would 
have voted no on the confirmations of 
Executive Calendar No. 1101, E. Martin 
Estrada, of California, to be United 
States Attorney for the Central Dis-
trict of California for the term of four 
years 
and 
No. 
1102, 
Gregory 
J. 
Haanstad, of Wisconsin, to be United 
States Attorney for the Eastern Dis-
trict of Wisconsin for the term of four 
years. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
CENTENNIAL OF THE NEW 
BRITAIN LIONS CLUB 
∑ Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Madam Presi-
dent, today I rise to recognize the New 
Britain Lions Club as they celebrate 
100 years of devoted community service 
and positive impact on countless fami-
lies and organizations in New Britain, 
CT, and the surrounding area. 
The New Britain Lions Club is one of 
the five original Lions Clubs organized 
in Connecticut. Since their founding in 
1922, the Club’s core focus has been to 
meet the needs of children, although 
they have touched the entire commu-
nity over the years. As a testament to 
their far-reaching impact, President 
Herbert Hoover sent a telegram in 1930 
which read: ‘‘There is hardly an insti-
tution or community effort where the 
New Britain Lions Club has not been 
involved, including the library, Salva-
tion Army, Scouts, sports, the Amer-
ican School for the Deaf, community 
festival, and literally scores of others.’’ 
The Club has developed leadership 
skills in its membership and ten of the 
Club’s members have served as District 
Governor, 
displaying 
extraordinary 
leadership ability and helping establish 
programs that continue to this day to 
serve New Britain. Among these lead-
ers was Lion Thomas Leonard, one of 
the founders of the Connecticut Lions 
Eye Research Foundation—CLERF— 
Lion Howard Wry, who began the an-
nual eyeglass collection and initiated 
the New Britain Lions Emergency Food 
Bank in 1981, and Lion Otto Strobino, 
who served as President of the Lions 
Eye Research Foundation and initiated 
the planting of the Lions Memorial 
Forest at the University of Con-
necticut. The New Britain Lions Club 
has set the standard of excellence in 
Lionism through their history of ex-
ceptional leadership and commitment 
to public service. 
Over the past 2 years, despite the 
challenges of the COVID–19 pandemic, 
the New Britain Lions have continued 
to operate their free eye clinic, oversee 
the local Warm-The-Children program 
to provide winter clothes for children 
in need, and facilitate vision screening 
services to over 5,000 school children in 
the New Britain Public School system. 
Their most recent initiative is a col-
laboration with Connecticut Children’s 
Medical Center, Yale New Haven, and 
the Meriden YMCA Mountain Mist 
Camp to create a weeklong Diabetes 
Camp to help children and young 
adults manage the disease. In addition 
to their local impact, the New Britain 
Lions Club has raised hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars for the Lions Club 
International 
Foundation 
to 
reach 
those in need all over the world. 
As the New Britain Lions Club cele-
brates its centennial this September, I 
applaud them on their extraordinary 
contributions—not just to the city of 
New Britain and State of Connecticut, 
but to our great Nation and the world. 
I hope my colleagues will join me in 
congratulating the New Britain Lions 
Club on 100 years of committed public 
service.∑ 
f 
EL CLASICO 
∑ Mr. OSSOFF. Madam President, I 
rise today to celebrate the duel be-
tween two titans and legends of Mexi-
can soccer at el Super Clasico, the Club 
Deportivo de Guadalajara ‘‘Chivas’’ and 
Club America—a duel that will be cele-
brated in my home city of Atlanta, GA, 
on September 25, 2022. 
The city of Atlanta and the State of 
Georgia are home to rich, vibrant, and 
celebrated Latino communities. I am 
thrilled to honor the contributions of 
the Hispanic community in Georgia 
during Hispanic Heritage Month by 
hosting these soccer legends in what 
will go down in history as one of the 
greatest games our continent has ever 
seen. 
This 
world-renowned 
match 
has 
brought thousands of soccer fans in 
Mexico and the United States together 
for almost 80 years to celebrate the his-
tory and unmatched rivalry of these 
soccer titans, a passion that unites us. 
Founded 103 years ago, Club America 
has won a total of 35 official national 
and 
international 
titles. 
Club 
Deportivo Chivas de Guadalajara has 
obtained a total of 26 national and 
international championships. In the 
last 5 years, the Chivas and America 
have played for sold-out crowds in Los 
Angeles, Chicago, and Dallas. And this 
year in Atlanta will not be different. 
I join with our community to witness 
the legacy of this beautiful game that 
reminds us of the unbreakable bond we 
share. 
May tradition, history, and legacy 
guide our continued commitment to 
celebrate what unites us.∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING MAURY WILLS 
∑ Mr. PADILLA. Madam President, I 
submit the following statement to the 
RECORD
in memory of Maury Wills, 
who passed away on September 19, 2022, 
at the age of 89. 
Before there was Lou Brock and 
Rickey Henderson, there was Maury 
Wills. When he stole 104 bases in 1962, 
he not only beat out Willie Mays for 
the National League MVP award, he 
broke the single season stolen base 
record held by Ty Cobb that had stood 
for 47 years. That year, he was also 
named the first Black captain in the 
history of the Dodgers organization. 
A native of Washington, DC, Maury 
was inspired to pursue a Major League 
career after attending a youth baseball 
clinic held by Jerry Priddy of the 
Washington Senators. 
Maury was signed by the Los Angeles 
Dodgers at the age of 17. He spent a 
decade in their Minor League system, 
honing his skills and working his way 
to the Major League. 
When Maury finally made it to the 
big 
league, 
he 
quickly 
became 
a 
foundational part of the Dodgers teams 
that went to four World Series from 
1959 to 1966. During that time, he won 
two Gold Gloves and was named to five 
All Star teams. Maury, and so many 
other Dodgers legends from the era, 
helped Los Angeles fall in love with 
professional baseball. 
In the years following his playing ca-
reer, Maury had stints as an an-
nouncer, manager, and even enter-
tainer. He was also able to overcome 
addiction with the help of his future 
wife Angela George and support of the 
Dodgers organization. Maury was open 
about his challenges with addiction in 
hopes that others could learn from his 
journey to sobriety. 
Maury remained a member of the 
Dodgers family until his death. For 
years, he served as a base stealing and 
bunting instructor. He even helped 
mentor a young outfielder named Dave 
Roberts, who would go on to have one 
of the most famous stolen bases in 
MLB history in the 2004 American 
League Championship Series. Maury’s 
intensity and passion for the game was 
evident when I visited Dodgers Spring 
Training a few years ago; it was clear 
why they referred to his spot in the fa-
cility as Maury’s Pit. 
I join Dodger fans across the Nation 
in remembering Maury and sending our 
condolences to his family.∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING MYLKE COFFEE 
COMPANY 
∑ Mr. PAUL. Madam President, as 
ranking member of the Senate Com-
mittee on Small Business and Entre-
preneurship, each week I recognize an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:12 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00025
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G22SE6.031
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE
---

 -Page 71-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4966 
September 22, 2022 
outstanding Kentucky small business 
that exemplifies the American entre-
preneurial spirit. This week, it is my 
privilege to recognize Mylke Coffee 
Company of Island, KY, as the Senate 
Small Business of the Week. 
Shane Case had a vision for his home 
in Western Kentucky. Seeing that 
there was no source of freshly roasted 
coffee beans anywhere near his region 
of the State, he decided to fulfill this 
need, and thus in 2017, Mylke opened 
its doors. Shane’s innovative vision led 
Mylke to become the first and only 
craft commercial coffee-roaster located 
within 100 miles of his hometown, and 
their popularity has continued to grow 
since its founding. Many people ask 
about the unique nature of the com-
pany’s name. The name boils down to a 
sort of fusion between old and new: old 
in the way of Old English, a nod to 
Shane’s Scottish heritage, and new, in 
the newfound rise and popularity of 
mylk, which typically refers to milk 
derived from beans, nuts, or plants 
rather than from an animal. Mylk has 
undoubtedly been on the rise in recent 
years as consumers have increasingly 
turned to dairy-free options as they 
search for quality coffee. Shane under-
stood this shift in consumer demand 
and has responded accordingly with his 
forward-thinking business. 
When Shane first opened his busi-
ness, his intention was to provide the 
western half of the Bluegrass State 
with high-quality coffee beans and 
other coffee products from a source 
more local than the distant Louisville 
or Nashville, TN. However, as his com-
pany and customer base grew, he set 
his sights on entering into new mar-
kets beyond those of his native West-
ern Kentucky. Since its founding in 
2017, Mylke has consistently managed 
to break into new markets as far away 
as Atlanta and Indianapolis. Mylke 
now provides freshly roasted coffee to 
more than 20 independently owned cof-
fee shops and restaurants. Not only has 
Shane kept an eye on the potential of 
emerging markets, he readily adapted 
to a newfound customer landscape 
when the COVID–19 pandemic wreaked 
havoc on the coffee shop and res-
taurant industries. Faced with govern-
ment mandates forcing him to close his 
doors, Shane pivoted and started offer-
ing alternative products to the typical 
coffee that is brewed onsite, instead 
providing ready-to-drink options, in-
cluding the very popular Sweet Mylke 
Cold Brew or Mylke Kups that cus-
tomers can use at home in their Keurig 
Coffee Machine. 
Throughout his venture into found-
ing his own enterprise, Shane has 
maintained a keen eye for business and 
an awareness of the needs of his larger 
community. 
As 
the 
company 
has 
grown, Mylke has partnered with sev-
eral 
community 
organizations 
and 
charities that give back to the commu-
nity. The company has helped facili-
tate numerous fundraisers for the 
McLean County High School Moot 
Court, an organization that exposes 
students to constitutional law and the 
work of advocates in the U.S. Supreme 
Court. Shane understands the impor-
tance of investing in the young minds 
of his community and that such invest-
ments, especially when pared with a 
focus on civic duty, are to the wide 
benefit not only for the youth involved 
but for the community at large. More-
over, Mylke has assisted in fundraising 
efforts for the Green River Area Down 
Syndrome Association—GRADSA—and 
continues to partner with them when-
ever possible. 
Shane’s charitable nature extends far 
beyond than what Mylke is able to do 
at a local level. He also pays mind to 
source his coffee beans from suppliers 
that share in his desire to give back to 
the community. Mylke has partnered 
with Legacy Farms Coffee since its 
founding, a coffee bean supplier work-
ing out of Honduras. Using proceeds 
earned through their coffee crops, Leg-
acy Farms Coffee provides numerous 
services to the surrounding commu-
nity, including livestock donations to 
hungry families, donations of books 
and supplies to local schools, and pro-
viding microloans to growing small 
businesses. This partnership, as well as 
those in his native Kentucky, have en-
sured that every pound of Mylke coffee 
sold benefits both the local and global 
community. 
Mylke 
has 
seen 
unprecedented 
growth in 2022, with the christening of 
the Mylke Coffee Shop food truck, an 
asset that allows the company to grow 
their customer base and reach new-
found customers. Moreover, the com-
pany has acquired a new commercial 
coffee roaster which will increase pro-
duction capacity by 2,000 percent, to 
satisfy all those craving the high-qual-
ity coffee Mylke is known for. Given 
his track record for entrepreneurial 
wisdom it is not hard to believe that 
Mr. Shane Case will continue to grow 
Mylke at the rate he has already seen. 
I want to wish congratulations to Mr. 
Case and the entire team at Mylke Cof-
fee Company. I look forward to watch-
ing their continued growth and success 
in Kentucky. 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages from the President of the 
United States were communicated to 
the Senate by Mr. Swann, one of his 
secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate messages 
from the President of the United 
States submitting sundry nominations 
which were referred to the appropriate 
committees. 
(The messages received today are 
printed at the end of the Senate pro-
ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 10:02 a.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by 
Mrs. Alli, one of its reading clerks, an-
nounced that the House has passed the 
following bill, without amendment: 
S. 1098. An act to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 to authorize borrowers to 
separate joint consolidation loans. 
The message further announced that 
the House has passed the following bill, 
in which it requests the concurrence of 
the Senate: 
H.R. 8873. An act to amend title 3, United 
States Code, to reform the process for the 
counting of electoral votes, and for other 
purposes. 
The message also announced that the 
House has agreed to the following con-
current resolution, without amend-
ment: 
S. Con. Res. 44. Concurrent resolution au-
thorizing the use of the rotunda of the Cap-
itol for a ceremony to present the statue of 
Harry S. Truman from the people of Mis-
souri. 
The message further announced that 
the House has agreed to the following 
concurrent resolution, in which it re-
quests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H. Con. Res. 82. Concurrent resolution au-
thorizing the printing of a revised and up-
dated version of the House document enti-
tled ‘‘Black Americans in Congress, 1870– 
1989’’. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following concurrent resolution 
was read, and referred as indicated: 
H. Con. Res. 82. Concurrent resolution au-
thorizing the printing of a revised and up-
dated version of the House document enti-
tled ‘‘Black Americans in Congress, 1870– 
1989’’; to the Committee on Rules and Ad-
ministration. 
f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS 
The following petitions and memo-
rials were laid before the Senate and 
were referred or ordered to lie on the 
table as indicated: 
POM–234. A resolution adopted by the 
Interstate Oil and Gas Compact Commission 
entitled ‘‘Pertaining to Environmental, So-
cial, and Governance (ESG) Funds’’; to the 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban 
Affairs. 
POM–235. A resolution adopted by the 
Interstate Oil and Gas Compact Commission 
entitled ‘‘Urging the Federal Governmental 
to Work with States in the Spirit of Coopera-
tive Federalism During Review of the Fed-
eral Fossil Fuel Program’’; to the Committee 
on Energy and Natural Resources. 
POM–236. A resolution adopted by the 
Interstate Oil and Gas Compact Commission 
entitled ‘‘Pertaining to Encouraging Carbon 
Capture and Technological Innovation’’; to 
the Committee on Environment and Public 
Works. 
POM–237. A resolution adopted by the 
Interstate Oil and Gas Compact Commission 
entitled ‘‘Pertaining to the CLEAN Future 
Act and Any Substantially Similar Legisla-
tion or Policies’’; to the Committee on Envi-
ronment and Public Works. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. PETERS, from the Committee on 
Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs, with amendments: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:12 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00026
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G22SE6.029
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 72-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4967 
September 22, 2022 
S. 4577. A bill to improve plain writing and 
public experience, and for other purposes 
(Rept. No. 117–159). 
By Ms. CANTWELL, from the Committee 
on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: 
Report to accompany S. 1127, a bill to re-
quire the National Oceanic and Atmospheric 
Administration to make certain operational 
models available to the public, and for other 
purposes (Rept. No. 117–160). 
f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF 
COMMITTEES 
The following executive reports of 
nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. REED for the Committee on Armed 
Services. 
*Brendan Owens, of Virginia, to be an As-
sistant Secretary of Defense. 
*Laura Taylor-Kale, of California, to be an 
Assistant Secretary of Defense. 
*Milancy Danielle Harris, of Virginia, to be 
a Deputy Under Secretary of Defense. 
Army 
nomination 
of 
Col. 
Jeffrey 
A. 
Vanantwerp, to be Brigadier General. 
Air Force nomination of Col. Daniel R. 
Fowler, to be Brigadier General. 
*Army nomination of Maj. Gen. Telita 
Crosland, to be Lieutenant General. 
*Air Force nomination of Gen. Anthony J. 
Cotton, to be General. 
*Space Force nomination of Lt. Gen. Brad-
ley C. Saltzman, to be General. 
Army nominations beginning with Brig. 
Gen. Cary J. Cowan, Jr. and ending with Col. 
Katherine A. Trombley, which nominations 
were received by the Senate and appeared in 
the Congressional Record on July 28, 2022. 
Army nomination of Col. Sonya A. Powell, 
to be Brigadier General. 
Army nomination of Col. Michael B. Siegl, 
to be Brigadier General. 
Army nomination of Brig. Gen. Joseph M. 
Lestorti, to be Major General. 
*Army nomination of Lt. Gen. James E. 
Rainey, to be General. 
Marine Corps nomination of Brig. Gen. 
Leonard F. Anderson IV, to be Major Gen-
eral. 
*Marine Corps nomination of Maj. Gen. 
James F. Glynn, to be Lieutenant General. 
Space Force nominations beginning with 
Brig. Gen. Gregory J. Gagnon and ending 
with Brig. Gen. Steven P. Whitney, which 
nominations were received by the Senate and 
appeared in the Congressional Record on 
September 6, 2022. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, for the 
Committee on Armed Services I report 
favorably the following nomination 
lists 
which 
were 
printed 
in 
the 
RECORDS on the dates indicated, and 
ask unanimous consent, to save the ex-
pense of reprinting on the Executive 
Calendar that these nominations lie at 
the Secretary’s desk for the informa-
tion of Senators. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Air Force nomination of Joseph O. Little, 
to be Colonel. 
Air Force nomination of Benjamin C. May, 
to be Major. 
Air Force nomination of William P. Coley, 
to be Major. 
Air Force nomination of Dawnie R. Ramie, 
to be Major. 
Air Force nomination of Brian A. Harris, 
to be Major. 
Air Force nomination of Brittany M. 
Baver, to be Major. 
Air Force nomination of Lauren A. Z. Ott, 
to be Major. 
Air Force nomination of Jeremy T. Mo-
selle, to be Major. 
Air Force nomination of Charles J. Howell, 
to be Major. 
Air Force nomination of Katie E. Grimley, 
to be Major. 
Air Force nomination of Kim E. Winter, to 
be Major. 
Air Force nomination of Kathryn J. Lynn, 
to be Major. 
Air Force nominations beginning with 
John Kwaku Appiah and ending with Philip 
Joel Vincent, which nominations were re-
ceived by the Senate and appeared in the 
Congressional Record on August 3, 2022. 
Air Force nominations beginning with 
Paul Obi Amaliri and ending with Meoshia 
A. Wilson, which nominations were received 
by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-
sional Record on August 3, 2022. 
Air Force nominations beginning with 
James B. Anderson and ending with Charles 
Seligman III, which nominations were re-
ceived by the Senate and appeared in the 
Congressional Record on August 3, 2022. 
Air Force nomination of Emily C. Barielle, 
to be Major. 
Air Force nomination of Christopher C. 
Stephenson, to be Major. 
Air Force nomination of Lee A. Aversano, 
to be Major. 
Air Force nomination of Adam R. Golden, 
to be Major. 
Air Force nomination of Brett W. Bartlett, 
to be Major. 
Air Force nomination of Keith E. Quick, to 
be Colonel. 
Air Force nomination of Eric L. Anderson, 
to be Colonel. 
Air Force nomination of David R. Siemion, 
to be Colonel. 
Air Force nominations beginning with 
Willie J. Babor and ending with Maureen 
Schellie Wood, which nominations were re-
ceived by the Senate and appeared in the 
Congressional Record on September 8, 2022. 
Air Force nominations beginning with 
Kenneth S. Egerstrom and ending with Jason 
S. Rabideau, which nominations were re-
ceived by the Senate and appeared in the 
Congressional Record on September 8, 2022. 
Army nomination of Shawn D. Smith, to 
be Colonel. 
Army nomination of Michael Perozeni, to 
be Major. 
Army nominations beginning with Edward 
L. Arntson and ending with D012382, which 
nominations were received by the Senate and 
appeared in the Congressional Record on 
April 4, 2022. 
Army nominations beginning with Jeffrey 
W. Adams and ending with G010111, which 
nominations were received by the Senate and 
appeared in the Congressional Record on 
April 4, 2022. 
Army nominations beginning with David 
M. Alvarez and ending with D016542, which 
nominations were received by the Senate and 
appeared in the Congressional Record on 
April 4, 2022. 
Army nominations beginning with Andrew 
A. Bair and ending with Brenda J. Spence, 
which nominations were received by the Sen-
ate and appeared in the Congressional 
Record on April 4, 2022. 
Army nomination of Dwayne L. Wade, to 
be Colonel. 
Army nomination of Christian A. Carr, to 
be Colonel. 
Army nomination of Duke G. Yim, to be 
Colonel. 
Army nomination of Brendan D. Lind, to 
be Major. 
Army nomination of Diana M. Carl, to be 
Major. 
Army nomination of Ryan C. Cloud, to be 
Major. 
Army nomination of Shevez L. Freeman, 
to be Major. 
Army nomination of Christopher Gonzalez, 
to be Major. 
Army nomination of Gabriel E. Monfiston, 
to be Major. 
Army nomination of Jofa Mwakisege, to be 
Major. 
Army 
nomination 
of 
Stephen 
K. 
Netherland, to be Major. 
Army nomination of Leslie E. Pandy, to be 
Major. 
Army nomination of Keld A. Pia, to be 
Major. 
Army nomination of Christopher W. Odle, 
to be Major. 
Army nomination of Matthew E. Longar, 
to be Major. 
Army nomination of Erik C. Aderman, to 
be Major. 
Army nomination of Darrell K. Scales, to 
be Colonel. 
Army nomination of Judith M. Logan, to 
be Colonel. 
Army nomination of Gregory E. Browder, 
to be Colonel. 
Army nomination of D016391, to be Major. 
Army nomination of Brian D. Deerin, to be 
Lieutenant Colonel. 
Army nomination of Daniel R. Henderson, 
to be Lieutenant Colonel. 
Army nomination of Omar L. McKen, to be 
Lieutenant Colonel. 
Army nomination of D012835, to be Lieu-
tenant Colonel. 
Army nomination of D016128, to be Lieu-
tenant Colonel. 
Army nomination of Joshua E. Varney, to 
be Major. 
Army nomination of Addison B. Clincy, to 
be Major. 
Army nomination of Michael A. Robertson, 
to be Major. 
Army nomination of Arthur F. Driscroll- 
Miller, to be Major. 
Army nomination of Quinton X. Thomp-
son, to be Major. 
Army nominations beginning with Alyssa 
M. Aarhaus and ending with Peter R. Wood, 
which nominations were received by the Sen-
ate and appeared in the Congressional 
Record on September 6, 2022. 
Army nomination of Alexander Quataert, 
to be Major. 
Army nomination of Shannon V. Taylor, to 
be Major. 
Army nomination of Michael A. Knight, to 
be Major. 
Army nomination of Michael F. Ksycki, to 
be Lieutenant Colonel. 
Army nomination of Jacqueline M. Thomp-
son, to be Major. 
Army 
nomination 
of 
Justo 
J. 
Caraballohernandez, to be Major. 
Army nomination of G010713, to be Major. 
Army nomination of Matthew A. Gaumer, 
to be Major. 
Army nomination of Ralph I. Haney III, to 
be Major. 
Army nomination of Lionel B. Lambert, to 
be Major. 
Army nomination of Michael Ntumy, to be 
Major. 
Army nomination of Christopher J. Weber, 
to be Major. 
Army nomination of Timothy B. Manton, 
to be Colonel. 
Army nomination of Peter J. Orilio, to be 
Major. 
Army nomination of Carl L. Whitley, to be 
Major. 
Army nomination of Lindsay E. Barnes, to 
be Major. 
Army nomination of Joshua F. Berry, to be 
Colonel. 
Army nomination of Forrest S. Thompson, 
Jr., to be Colonel. 
Army nomination of Eric N. Jones, to be 
Major. 
Army nomination of Lee E. Palmer, to be 
Colonel. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:12 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00027
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.011
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 73-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4968 
September 22, 2022 
Army nominations beginning with Clarisa 
B. Colchado and ending with Eric B. Jack-
son, which nominations were received by the 
Senate and appeared in the Congressional 
Record on September 7, 2022. 
Army nominations beginning with Angela 
S. Hinds and ending with Peter A. Olsen, 
which nominations were received by the Sen-
ate and appeared in the Congressional 
Record on September 7, 2022. 
Army nominations beginning with Mary A. 
Crispin and ending with Michael L. Rizzo, 
which nominations were received by the Sen-
ate and appeared in the Congressional 
Record on September 7, 2022. 
Army nominations beginning with Janele 
L. Graziano and ending with Jeffrey T. 
Shelton, which nominations were received by 
the Senate and appeared in the Congres-
sional Record on September 7, 2022. 
Army nominations beginning with Louis 
M. Dibernardo and ending with Robby W. 
Wyatt, which nominations were received by 
the Senate and appeared in the Congres-
sional Record on September 7, 2022. 
Army nominations beginning with Andrea 
S. Bowers and ending with Andrew G. Wins-
low, which nominations were received by the 
Senate and appeared in the Congressional 
Record on September 7, 2022. 
Army 
nominations 
beginning 
with 
Heriberto Baezmartinez and ending with 
Paul E. Carsen, which nominations were re-
ceived by the Senate and appeared in the 
Congressional Record on September 7, 2022. 
Army nomination of Leah G. Smith, to be 
Colonel. 
Army nominations beginning with Amy J. 
Denis and ending with Frances C. Woodward, 
which nominations were received by the Sen-
ate and appeared in the Congressional 
Record on September 8, 2022. 
Army nominations beginning with Mal-
colm J. Murray and ending with Zachary A. 
Paukert, which nominations were received 
by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-
sional Record on September 8, 2022. 
Army nominations beginning with Steven 
A. Bondi and ending with John E. Peacock, 
which nominations were received by the Sen-
ate and appeared in the Congressional 
Record on September 8, 2022. 
Army nominations beginning with Chris-
topher L. Atkins and ending with Traci A. 
Willie, which nominations were received by 
the Senate and appeared in the Congres-
sional Record on September 8, 2022. 
Army nominations beginning with Jesse A. 
Dodson 
and 
ending 
with 
Paul 
M. 
Villaloniglesias, which nominations were re-
ceived by the Senate and appeared in the 
Congressional Record on September 8, 2022. 
Marine Corps nomination of Zachary A. 
Finch, to be Lieutenant Colonel. 
Marine Corps nomination of Kanella S. 
Hatchett, to be Major. 
Marine Corps nomination of Gregory A. 
Hartfelder, to be Lieutenant Colonel. 
Navy nomination of Anthony J. Kozak, to 
be Lieutenant Commander. 
Navy nomination of Scott M. Reynolds, to 
be Commander. 
Navy nomination of Denita J. Skeet, to be 
Captain. 
Navy nomination of Lauren E. Brinker, to 
be Lieutenant Commander. 
Navy nomination of Benjamin J. Ingersoll, 
to be Lieutenant Commander. 
Navy nominations beginning with Chris-
topher M. Aller and ending with Tyler L. J. 
Williams, which nominations were received 
by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-
sional Record on September 7, 2022. 
Navy nomination of John A. French, to be 
Captain. 
Navy nomination of Geoffrey A. Leone, to 
be Lieutenant Commander. 
Navy nomination of Sequoia M. Young-
blood, to be Lieutenant Commander. 
Navy nomination of David J. Wright, to be 
Lieutenant Commander. 
Navy nominations beginning with Jacob 
M. Hagan and ending with Louis F. Salazar, 
Jr., which nominations were received by the 
Senate and appeared in the Congressional 
Record on September 7, 2022. 
Navy nominations beginning with Aaron 
M. Bell and ending with Luke E. Wilson, 
which nominations were received by the Sen-
ate and appeared in the Congressional 
Record on September 7, 2022. 
Navy nominations beginning with Matthew 
D. 
Abbott 
and 
ending 
with 
Colin 
A. 
Zychlewicz, which nominations were re-
ceived by the Senate and appeared in the 
Congressional Record on September 7, 2022. 
Navy nominations beginning with Clifford 
J. Abbott and ending with Michael D. 
Wojdyla, which nominations were received 
by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-
sional Record on September 7, 2022. 
Navy nominations beginning with Sammy 
J. Amalla and ending with Jessica D. Wright, 
which nominations were received by the Sen-
ate and appeared in the Congressional 
Record on September 7, 2022. 
Navy nominations beginning with Lindsay 
S. Ainsworth and ending with Peter W. 
Yagel, which nominations were received by 
the Senate and appeared in the Congres-
sional Record on September 7, 2022. 
Navy nominations beginning with Yusuf 
Abdullah and ending with Erin M. Zumwalt, 
which nominations were received by the Sen-
ate and appeared in the Congressional 
Record on September 7, 2022. 
Navy nominations beginning with Ann K. 
Adams and ending with Elaine Zhong, which 
nominations were received by the Senate and 
appeared in the Congressional Record on 
September 7, 2022. 
Navy nominations beginning with Chris-
tine A. Ancheta and ending with Minghe 
Zhang, which nominations were received by 
the Senate and appeared in the Congres-
sional Record on September 7, 2022. 
Navy nominations beginning with Ollie C. 
Adcox and ending with Jaime C. Zhunepluas, 
which nominations were received by the Sen-
ate and appeared in the Congressional 
Record on September 7, 2022. 
Navy nominations beginning with Steph-
anie O. Ajuzie and ending with Daniel M. 
Zink, which nominations were received by 
the Senate and appeared in the Congres-
sional Record on September 7, 2022. 
Navy nominations beginning with Daniel 
A. 
Guerra 
and 
ending 
with 
Mark 
W. 
Wroblewski, which nominations were re-
ceived by the Senate and appeared in the 
Congressional Record on September 8, 2022. 
Navy nominations beginning with Darlene 
E. Bates and ending with Michael S. Valcke, 
which nominations were received by the Sen-
ate and appeared in the Congressional 
Record on September 8, 2022. 
Navy nominations beginning with Andrew 
C. Bertucci and ending with Emily A. 
Wilkin, which nominations were received by 
the Senate and appeared in the Congres-
sional Record on September 8, 2022. 
Navy nomination of Benjamin J. Robinson, 
to be Lieutenant Commander. 
Navy nominations beginning with David G. 
Aboudaoud and ending with Dennis P. 
Wright, Jr., which nominations were re-
ceived by the Senate and appeared in the 
Congressional Record on September 8, 2022. 
Navy nominations beginning with Michael 
L. Allis and ending with Britt W. Zerbe, 
which nominations were received by the Sen-
ate and appeared in the Congressional 
Record on September 8, 2022. 
Navy nomination of Edwin R. Dupont, to 
be Captain. 
Navy nominations beginning with Jona-
than V. Ahlstrom and ending with Thomas J. 
Uhl, which nominations were received by the 
Senate and appeared in the Congressional 
Record on September 8, 2022. 
Navy nominations beginning with James 
C. Billings III and ending with Kyla M. 
Zenan, which nominations were received by 
the Senate and appeared in the Congres-
sional Record on September 8, 2022. 
Navy nominations beginning with Leo G. 
Anderle and ending with Sean E. Zetooney, 
which nominations were received by the Sen-
ate and appeared in the Congressional 
Record on September 8, 2022. 
Navy nominations beginning with Anton 
A. Adam and ending with Ying P. Zhong, 
which nominations were received by the Sen-
ate and appeared in the Congressional 
Record on September 8, 2022. 
Navy nominations beginning with Thomas 
S. Annabel and ending with Daniel H. 
Wedeman, Jr., which nominations were re-
ceived by the Senate and appeared in the 
Congressional Record on September 8, 2022. 
Navy nominations beginning with Adri-
enne T. Benton and ending with Gale B. 
White, which nominations were received by 
the Senate and appeared in the Congres-
sional Record on September 8, 2022. 
Navy 
nominations 
beginning 
with 
Salahhudin A. Adenkhalif and ending with 
Victor T. F. Wong, which nominations were 
received by the Senate and appeared in the 
Congressional Record on September 8, 2022. 
Navy nomination of Eric R. Truemper, to 
be Commander. 
Navy nominations beginning with Richard 
R. Abitria and ending with Celeste D. Young, 
which nominations were received by the Sen-
ate and appeared in the Congressional 
Record on September 8, 2022. 
Navy nominations beginning with Hiroya 
Ako and ending with David S. Yi, which 
nominations were received by the Senate and 
appeared in the Congressional Record on 
September 8, 2022. 
Navy nominations beginning with Adri-
enne M. Baldoni and ending with Jon T. Tay-
lor, which nominations were received by the 
Senate and appeared in the Congressional 
Record on September 8, 2022. 
Navy nominations beginning with Maricar 
S. Aberin and ending with Cardia M. Wilson, 
which nominations were received by the Sen-
ate and appeared in the Congressional 
Record on September 8, 2022. 
Navy nominations beginning with Eleazar 
Aguilar and ending with Sheu O. Yusuf, 
which nominations were received by the Sen-
ate and appeared in the Congressional 
Record on September 8, 2022. 
Navy nominations beginning with Phillip 
A. Arias and ending with Geoffrey A. Ste-
phens, which nominations were received by 
the Senate and appeared in the Congres-
sional Record on September 8, 2022. 
Navy nominations beginning with Kerwin 
K. Auguste and ending with David M. 
Whaley, which nominations were received by 
the Senate and appeared in the Congres-
sional Record on September 8, 2022. 
Navy nominations beginning with Amos 
Akuokosarpong and ending with Geneveve I. 
Tolentino, which nominations were received 
by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-
sional Record on September 8, 2022. 
Navy nominations beginning with Matthew 
G. Aiken and ending with Matthew C. 
Ziesmer, which nominations were received 
by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-
sional Record on September 8, 2022. 
Navy nominations beginning with Mere-
dith A. Ansley and ending with Benjamin A. 
Ziemski, which nominations were received 
by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-
sional Record on September 8, 2022. 
Navy nominations beginning with Alex M. 
Anderson and ending with Joseph M. Zeiser, 
which nominations were received by the Sen-
ate and appeared in the Congressional 
Record on September 8, 2022. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:12 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00028
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.016
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 74-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4969 
September 22, 2022 
Space Force nominations beginning with 
Jason F. Cano and ending with Brian P. 
Wadas, which nominations were received by 
the Senate and appeared in the Congres-
sional Record on September 6, 2022. 
Space Force nominations beginning with 
Craig E. Frank and ending with Daniel S. 
Robinson, which nominations were received 
by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-
sional Record on September 6, 2022. 
Space Force nominations beginning with 
Reuben T. Joseph and ending with Eric J. 
Pendleton, which nominations were received 
by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-
sional Record on September 6, 2022. 
By Mr. DURBIN for the Committee on the 
Judiciary. 
Thomas E. Brown, of Georgia, to be United 
States Marshal for the Northern District of 
Georgia for the term of four years. 
Kirk M. Taylor, of Colorado, to be United 
States Marshal for the District of Colorado 
for the term of four years. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-
ommendation that it be confirmed sub-
ject to the nominee’s commitment to 
respond to requests to appear and tes-
tify before any duly constituted com-
mittee of the Senate. 
(Nominations without an asterisk 
were reported with the recommenda-
tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first 
and second times by unanimous con-
sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself and 
Ms. COLLINS): 
S. 4917. A bill to amend title V of the Pub-
lic Health Service Act to reauthorize the Mi-
nority Fellowship Program; to the Com-
mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and 
Pensions. 
By Ms. HASSAN (for herself and Mr. 
BRAUN): 
S. 4918. A bill to amend the Federal Food, 
Drug, and Cosmetic Act to prohibit the use 
of patents, trade secrets, or other intellec-
tual property to inhibit competition; to the 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and 
Pensions. 
By Mr. LANKFORD (for himself and 
Ms. SINEMA): 
S. 4919. A bill to require an interagency 
strategy for creating a unified posture on 
counter-unmanned aircraft systems (C–UAS) 
capabilities and protections at international 
borders of the United States; to the Com-
mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-
mental Affairs. 
By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Mr. 
KING, 
Mr. 
BENNET, 
Mr. 
HICKENLOOPER, Mr. BLUMENTHAL, Mr. 
WARNER, Mr. LEAHY, Mr. PADILLA, 
Mr. MERKLEY, Mr. SANDERS, Mr. 
MARKEY, Mr. LUJA´ N, Mrs. FEINSTEIN, 
Ms. HIRONO, Mrs. MURRAY, Ms. STA-
BENOW, Mrs. SHAHEEN, Ms. SMITH, and 
Mr. DURBIN): 
S. 4920. A bill to provide enhanced protec-
tions for election workers; to the Committee 
on Rules and Administration. 
By Mr. BENNET (for himself, Mr. 
CARDIN, Mr. BOOKER, Mr. BROWN, Ms. 
KLOBUCHAR, Mrs. FEINSTEIN, and Mr. 
VAN HOLLEN): 
S. 4921. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to modify the private busi-
ness use requirements for bonds issued for 
lead service line replacement projects; to the 
Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself, Mr. 
PETERS, 
Mr. 
ROUNDS, 
and 
Mr. 
MANCHIN): 
S. 4922. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to provide a burial allowance 
for certain veterans who die at home while 
in receipt of hospice care furnished by the 
Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Com-
mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Ms. CORTEZ MASTO: 
S. 4923. A bill to require Federal law en-
forcement agencies to report on cases of 
missing or murdered Indians, and for other 
persons; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. 
By Ms. ERNST (for herself, Mr. GRA-
HAM, Mr. GRASSLEY, Mr. RISCH, Mr. 
INHOFE, Mr. RUBIO, Mr. WICKER, Mr. 
HAGERTY, Mr. CRUZ, Mr. THUNE, Mr. 
CORNYN, Mr. CASSIDY, Mr. SCOTT of 
Florida, Mr. CRAMER, Mr. TILLIS, Mr. 
DAINES, 
Mrs. 
HYDE-SMITH, 
Mr. 
HOEVEN, 
Mrs. 
BLACKBURN, 
Mr. 
TUBERVILLE, Mr. CRAPO, Mr. BRAUN, 
Mr. MARSHALL, Mr. SULLIVAN, Mr. 
BLUNT, Mr. SASSE, and Mr. YOUNG): 
S. 4924. A bill to continue in effect certain 
Executive orders imposing sanctions with re-
spect to Iran, to prevent the waiver of cer-
tain sanctions imposed by the United States 
with respect to Iran until the Government of 
Iran ceases to attempt to assassinate United 
States officials, other United States citizens, 
and Iranian nationals residing in the United 
States, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-
fairs. 
By Mrs. BLACKBURN (for herself, Mr. 
COTTON, Mr. BRAUN, Mr. HOEVEN, and 
Mrs. HYDE-SMITH): 
S. 4925. A bill to preserve the readiness of 
the Armed Forces by limiting separations 
based on COVID–19 vaccination status and 
continuing pay and benefits for members 
while religious and health accommodations 
are pending; to the Committee on Armed 
Services. 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Ms. KLO-
BUCHAR, 
Mr. 
GRAHAM, 
and 
Mr. 
COONS): 
S. 4926. A bill to amend chapter 33 of title 
28, United States Code, to require appro-
priate use of multidisciplinary teams for in-
vestigations of child sexual exploitation or 
abuse, the production of child sexual abuse 
material, or child trafficking conducted by 
the Federal Bureau of Investigation; to the 
Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. WICKER (for himself and Ms. 
CANTWELL): 
S. 4927. A bill to direct the National Oce-
anic and Atmospheric Administration to es-
tablish a grant program to fund youth fish-
ing projects; to the Committee on Com-
merce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mrs. MURRAY: 
S. 4928. A bill to amend the Energy Em-
ployees Occupational Illness Compensation 
Program Act of 2000 to expand the ways be-
ryllium sensitivity can be established for 
purposes of compensation under that Act and 
to extend the authorization of the Advisory 
Board on Toxic Substances and Worker 
Health of the Department of Labor, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on Health, 
Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. MURPHY (for himself and Mr. 
TILLIS): 
S. 4929. A bill to amend the Public Health 
Service Act to ensure the consensual dona-
tion and respectful disposition of human bod-
ies and human body parts donated or trans-
ferred for education, research, or the ad-
vancement of medical, dental, or mortuary 
science and not for use in human transplan-
tation, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and 
Pensions. 
By Mr. PETERS: 
S. 4930. A bill to prohibit Federal procure-
ment from companies operating in the Rus-
sian Federation, and for other purposes; to 
the Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs. 
By Mr. ROUNDS (for himself, Mr. 
HOEVEN, and Mr. CRAMER): 
S. 4931. A bill to require reforms to pro-
grams of the Natural Resources Conserva-
tion Service, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and 
Forestry. 
By Mr. PADILLA (for himself and Mrs. 
BLACKBURN): 
S. 4932. A bill to amend title 17, United 
States Code, to provide fair treatment of 
radio stations and artists for the use of 
sound recordings, and for other purposes; to 
the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. CANTWELL (for herself and 
Mrs. MURRAY): 
S. 4933. A bill to take certain land in the 
State of Washington into trust for the ben-
efit of the Puyallup Tribe of the Puyallup 
Reservation, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Indian Affairs. 
By Mr. GRAHAM (for himself and Mr. 
SCOTT of South Carolina): 
S. 4934. A bill to prohibit the Secretary of 
Homeland Security, or any other person, 
from requiring repayment, recoupment, or 
offset of certain antidumping duties and 
countervailing duties paid under section 754 
of the Tariff Act of 1930, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. MANCHIN: 
S. 4935. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture 
to implement measures to better prepare for 
and more quickly respond to wildfires on cer-
tain public land and in certain National For-
ests; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-
ural Resources. 
By Mr. CARDIN: 
S. 4936. A bill to establish a National Coun-
cil on African American History and Culture 
within the National Endowment for the Hu-
manities, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and 
Pensions. 
By Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. DUR-
BIN, Ms. COLLINS, Mr. KAINE, Mr. 
PORTMAN, Mr. VAN HOLLEN, Mr. COR-
NYN, Mr. LEAHY, Mr. GRAHAM, Mr. 
CARDIN, Mr. WHITEHOUSE, Mr. COONS, 
Ms. DUCKWORTH, Mr. CASEY, Ms. 
BALDWIN, Mr. KING, Ms. ERNST, Mrs. 
FEINSTEIN, Mr. BOOKER, Mrs. GILLI-
BRAND, Mr. MERKLEY, Mrs. MURRAY, 
Mr. SANDERS, Mr. BLUMENTHAL, Mr. 
REED, Mr. MARKEY, Mrs. SHAHEEN, 
Mr. HICKENLOOPER, Mr. WARNOCK, and 
Mr. PADILLA): 
S. 4937. A bill to prohibit the United States 
Government from recognizing the Russian 
Federation’s claim of sovereignty over any 
portion 
of 
the 
sovereign 
territory 
of 
Ukraine, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mrs. 
BLACKBURN, Mrs. FISCHER, and Mr. 
HAWLEY): 
S. 4938. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to require that online con-
tributions to a political organization require 
a credit verification value; to the Committee 
on Finance. 
By Mr. THUNE (for himself, Mr. CAS-
SIDY, Mr. DAINES, and Mr. TOOMEY): 
S. 4939. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to prevent double dipping 
between tax credits and grants or loans for 
clean vehicle manufacturers; to the Com-
mittee on Finance. 
By Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mr. 
RISCH, Mr. CRAPO, Mr. CASSIDY, Mr. 
SCOTT of Florida, Mrs. CAPITO, Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:12 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00029
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.017
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 75-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4970 
September 22, 2022 
BRAUN, Mr. BARRASSO, Mr. SULLIVAN, 
Mr. MARSHALL, Mr. CRAMER, Mr. 
ROUNDS, Mr. INHOFE, Ms. LUMMIS, Mr. 
THUNE, Mr. COTTON, Mr. HOEVEN, Mr. 
TILLIS, 
Mrs. 
HYDE-SMITH, 
Mr. 
WICKER, Mrs. FISCHER, Mrs. BLACK-
BURN, and Mr. YOUNG): 
S. 4940. A bill to prohibit the Secretary of 
the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture 
from prohibiting the use of lead ammunition 
or tackle on certain Federal land or water 
under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of the 
Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Environment and Public Works. 
By Mr. KING (for himself, Ms. ERNST, 
Ms. SMITH, and Mr. GRASSLEY): 
S. 4941. A bill to amend the Agricultural 
Trade Act of 1978 to extend and expand the 
Market Access Program and the Foreign 
Market Development Cooperator Program; 
to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, 
and Forestry. 
By Mr. LEE: 
S. 4942. A bill to amend the Southwest For-
est Health and Wildfire Prevention Act of 
2004 to require the establishment of an addi-
tional Institute under that Act; to the Com-
mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. 
SCOTT of Florida): 
S. 4943. A bill to establish a moratorium on 
energy development in certain areas of the 
Gulf of Mexico, and for other purposes; to 
the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources. 
By 
Mr. 
BURR 
(for 
himself, 
Mr. 
MANCHIN, and Mr. TILLIS): 
S. 4944. A bill to provide for the operation 
and establishment of, and procurement of 
supplies for, firewood banks, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on Energy and 
Natural Resources. 
By Mr. LEE: 
S. 4945. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Agriculture to establish a pilot program for 
the establishment and use of a pre-fire sup-
pression stand density index, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on Energy and 
Natural Resources. 
By Mr. VAN HOLLEN: 
S. 4946. A bill to amend the Expedited 
Funds Availability Act to require that funds 
deposited be available for withdrawal in real- 
time, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-
fairs. 
By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mrs. 
FISCHER, Mr. BLUMENTHAL, Mr. COR-
NYN, and Mr. CRAMER): 
S. 4947. A bill to establish the Defense 
Exportability Transfer Account; to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mr. MARSHALL (for himself, Mr. 
PAUL, Mr. LEE, Mr. DAINES, Mr. CRUZ, 
Mr. SCOTT of Florida, Mr. BRAUN, Mr. 
JOHNSON, and Mr. RISCH): 
S.J. Res. 63. A joint resolution relating to 
a national emergency declared by the Presi-
dent on March 13, 2020; to the Committee on 
Finance. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and 
referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL, Mr. BENNET, Mrs. FEIN-
STEIN, Mr. MERKLEY, Mr. BROWN, Mr. 
KAINE, Ms. KLOBUCHAR, Mr. CARPER, 
Ms. CANTWELL, Mr. MARKEY, Ms. 
HIRONO, Ms. SMITH, Mr. WHITEHOUSE, 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN, Mr. DURBIN, Mr. 
CARDIN, Ms. STABENOW, Mr. PADILLA, 
Ms. 
DUCKWORTH, 
Mr. 
REED, 
Mr. 
CASEY, Mr. BOOKER, Mr. LUJA´ N, Mr. 
WARNER, Mr. MENENDEZ, and Mr. 
HEINRICH): 
S. Res. 791. A resolution designating Sep-
tember 2022 as ‘‘National Voting Rights 
Month’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. SCOTT of Florida (for himself 
and Mr. RUBIO): 
S. Res. 792. A resolution expressing support 
for the designation of November 2022 as ‘‘Na-
tional 
Alpha-1 
Antitrypsin 
Deficiency 
Awareness Month’’; to the Committee on 
Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE): 
S. Res. 793. A resolution commending Tall 
Ships America for advancing character- 
building experiences at sea and representing 
the tall ships and sail training community of 
the United States in national and inter-
national forums; considered and agreed to. 
By Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Ms. 
CANTWELL, Mr. REED, Mr. WHITE-
HOUSE, Mr. BURR, Mr. PORTMAN, Mr. 
KING, Mr. GRAHAM, Ms. ROSEN, Mrs. 
SHAHEEN, Mr. COONS, Mr. BRAUN, Mr. 
ROMNEY, 
Mr. 
HICKENLOOPER, 
Ms. 
DUCKWORTH, 
Mr. 
WARNOCK, 
Mr. 
TILLIS, Ms. WARREN, Mr. MANCHIN, 
Mrs. CAPITO, Ms. SINEMA, Mr. LUJA´ N, 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN, Ms. SMITH, and Mr. 
SULLIVAN): 
S. Res. 794. A resolution proclaiming the 
week of September 26 through September 30, 
2022, to be ‘‘National Clean Energy Week’’; 
considered and agreed to. 
By Mrs. FISCHER (for herself, Mr. 
PETERS, and Mr. WARNOCK): 
S. Res. 795. A resolution designating Sep-
tember 2022 as ‘‘School Bus Safety Month’’; 
considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. 
CRUZ): 
S. Res. 796. A resolution honoring the life 
and legacy of the late Senator Robert ‘‘Bob’’ 
Charles Krueger; considered and agreed to. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 445 
At the request of Ms. HASSAN, the 
name of the Senator from Mississippi 
(Mrs. HYDE-SMITH) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 445, a bill to amend sec-
tion 303(g) of the Controlled Substances 
Act (21 U.S. C. 823(g)) to eliminate the 
separate registration requirement for 
dispensing narcotic drugs in schedule 
III, IV, or V, such as buprenorphine, for 
maintenance or detoxification treat-
ment, and for other purposes. 
S. 456 
At the request of Mr. CARDIN, the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. 
BROWN) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
456, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to permanently ex-
tend the new markets tax credit, and 
for other purposes. 
S. 618 
At the request of Mr. LANKFORD, the 
name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. 
WARNOCK) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 618, a bill to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to modify and ex-
tend the deduction for charitable con-
tributions for individuals not itemizing 
deductions. 
S. 864 
At the request of Mr. KAINE, the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. 
WYDEN) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
864, a bill to extend Federal Pell Grant 
eligibility of certain short-term pro-
grams. 
S. 999 
At the request of Mrs. BLACKBURN, 
the name of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi (Mrs. HYDE-SMITH) was added 
as a cosponsor of S. 999, a bill to amend 
the title XVIII of the Social Security 
Act to preserve access to rural health 
care by ensuring fairness in Medicare 
hospital payments. 
S. 1079 
At the request of Mr. HEINRICH, the 
name of the Senator from Wyoming 
(Ms. LUMMIS) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1079, a bill to award a Congres-
sional Gold Medal to the troops from 
the United States and the Philippines 
who defended Bataan and Corregidor, 
in recognition of their personal sac-
rifice and service during World War II. 
S. 1521 
At the request of Mr. KAINE, the 
name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. 
MARSHALL) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1521, a bill to require certain civil 
penalties to be transferred to a fund 
through 
which 
amounts 
are 
made 
available for the Gabriella Miller Kids 
First Pediatric Research Program at 
the National Institutes of Health, and 
for other purposes. 
S. 1725 
At the request of Mr. ROUNDS, the 
name of the Senator from California 
(Mrs. FEINSTEIN) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1725, a bill to grant a Fed-
eral charter to the National American 
Indian Veterans, Incorporated. 
S. 3018 
At the request of Mr. MARSHALL, the 
names of the Senator from Colorado 
(Mr. HICKENLOOPER) and the Senator 
from New Hampshire (Mrs. SHAHEEN) 
were added as cosponsors of S. 3018, a 
bill to amend title XVIII of the Social 
Security Act to establish requirements 
with respect to the use of prior author-
ization 
under 
Medicare 
Advantage 
plans, and for other purposes. 
S. 3335 
At the request of Mr. THUNE, the 
name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. 
SULLIVAN) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 3335, a bill to provide liability pro-
tection for the sharing of information 
regarding suspected fraudulent, abu-
sive, or unlawful robocalls, illegally 
spoofed calls, and other illegal calls by 
or with the registered consortium that 
conducts private-led efforts to trace 
back the origin of suspected unlawful 
robocalls, and for the receipt of such 
information by the registered consor-
tium, and for other purposes. 
S. 3663 
At the request of Mr. BLUMENTHAL, 
the names of the Senator from Min-
nesota (Ms. KLOBUCHAR), the Senator 
from Montana (Mr. DAINES), the Sen-
ator from Michigan (Mr. PETERS) and 
the Senator from Florida (Mr. RUBIO) 
were added as cosponsors of S. 3663, a 
bill to protect the safety of children on 
the internet. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:12 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00030
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.014
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 76-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4971 
September 22, 2022 
S. 3797 
At the request of Mr. MERKLEY, the 
name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. 
KELLY) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
3797, a bill to amend title V of the So-
cial Security Act to support stillbirth 
prevention and research, and for other 
purposes. 
S. 3909 
At the request of Mr. BOOZMAN, the 
name of the Senator from Mississippi 
(Mrs. HYDE-SMITH) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 3909, a bill to amend the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make 
employers of spouses of military per-
sonnel eligible for the work oppor-
tunity credit. 
S. 4327 
At the request of Mr. PADILLA, the 
name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. 
ROSEN) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
4327, a bill to amend the Robert T. 
Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-
gency Assistance Act to authorize the 
President to provide hazard mitigation 
assistance for mitigating and pre-
venting post-wildfire flooding and de-
bris flow, and for other purposes. 
S. 4328 
At the request of Mr. PADILLA, the 
name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. 
ROSEN) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
4328, a bill to modify the fire manage-
ment assistance cost share, and for 
other purposes. 
S. 4416 
At the request of Mr. CASSIDY, the 
names of the Senator from Tennessee 
(Mrs. BLACKBURN), the Senator from 
North Carolina (Mr. TILLIS) and the 
Senator 
from 
Alabama 
(Mr. 
TUBERVILLE) were added as cosponsors 
of S. 4416, a bill to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to allow a credit 
against tax for charitable donations to 
nonprofit organizations providing edu-
cation scholarships to qualified ele-
mentary and secondary students. 
S. 4441 
At the request of Ms. CORTEZ MASTO, 
the name of the Senator from Michigan 
(Ms. STABENOW) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 4441, a bill to amend title 38, 
United States Code, to direct the Sec-
retary of Veterans Affairs to provide 
for peer support specialists for claim-
ants who are survivors of military sex-
ual trauma, and for other purposes. 
S. 4565 
At the request of Mr. BOOZMAN, the 
name of the Senator from Michigan 
(Ms. STABENOW) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 4565, a bill to amend title 38, 
United States Code, to repeal the co-
payment requirement for recipients of 
Department of Veterans Affairs pay-
ments or allowances for beneficiary 
travel, and for other purposes. 
S. 4573 
At the request of Ms. COLLINS, the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire (Ms. HASSAN) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 4573, a bill to amend title 
3, United States Code, to reform the 
Electoral Count Act, and to amend the 
Presidential Transition Act of 1963 to 
provide clear guidelines for when and 
to whom resources are provided by the 
Administrator of General Services for 
use in connection with the prepara-
tions for the assumption of official du-
ties as President or Vice President. 
S. 4605 
At the request of Ms. STABENOW, the 
name of the Senator from Tennessee 
(Mrs. BLACKBURN) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 4605, a bill to amend title 
XVIII of the Social Security Act to en-
sure stability in payments to home 
health agencies under the Medicare 
program. 
S. 4672 
At the request of Mr. PADILLA, the 
name of the Senator from California 
(Mrs. FEINSTEIN) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 4672, a bill to modify the 
authority of the Secretary of Defense 
to transfer excess aircraft to other de-
partments of the Federal Government 
and to authorize the Secretary to 
transfer excess aircraft to the Gov-
ernor of a State, and for other pur-
poses. 
S. 4702 
At the request of Mr. KAINE, the 
name of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania (Mr. CASEY) was withdrawn as a 
cosponsor of S. 4702, a bill to impose 
limits on excepting competitive service 
positions from the competitive service, 
and for other purposes. 
At the request of Mr. KAINE, the 
name of the Senator from Rhode Island 
(Mr. WHITEHOUSE) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 4702, supra. 
S. 4708 
At the request of Mr. BLUMENTHAL, 
the names of the Senator from New 
Jersey (Mr. BOOKER), the Senator from 
New Hampshire (Mrs. SHAHEEN) and the 
Senator from Michigan (Ms. STABENOW) 
were added as cosponsors of S. 4708, a 
bill to amend title XVIII of the Social 
Security Act to provide coverage for 
wigs as durable medical equipment 
under the Medicare program, and for 
other purposes. 
S. 4840 
At the request of Mr. GRAHAM, the 
name of the Senator from South Da-
kota (Mr. THUNE) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 4840, a bill to amend title 
18, United States Code, to protect pain- 
capable unborn children, and for other 
purposes. 
S. 4848 
At the request of Mr. BLUMENTHAL, 
the name of the Senator from Nevada 
(Ms. ROSEN) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 4848, a bill to provide for the des-
ignation of the Russian Federation as a 
state sponsor of terrorism. 
S. 4909 
At the request of Mrs. MURRAY, the 
names of the Senator from California 
(Mr. PADILLA) and the Senator from 
California (Mrs. FEINSTEIN) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 4909, a bill to in-
crease authorizations for the passenger 
ferry competitive grant program and 
the ferry boats and terminal facilities 
formula grant program, and for other 
purposes. 
S. 4916 
At the request of Mr. LEAHY, the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. 
COLLINS) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
4916, a bill to reauthorize the Runaway 
and Homeless Youth Act, and for other 
purposes. 
S. RES. 754 
At the request of Mrs. SHAHEEN, the 
names of the Senator from Wyoming 
(Ms. LUMMIS) and the Senator from Illi-
nois (Ms. DUCKWORTH) were added as 
cosponsors of S. Res. 754, a resolution 
designating November 13, 2022, as ‘‘Na-
tional Warrior Call Day’’ in recogni-
tion of the importance of connecting 
warriors in the United States to sup-
port structures necessary to transition 
from the battlefield. 
S. RES. 771 
At the request of Mr. MERKLEY, the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico 
(Mr. HEINRICH) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. Res. 771, a resolution sup-
porting the designation of September 
19, 2022, as ‘‘National Stillbirth Preven-
tion Day’’, recognizing tens of thou-
sands of American families that have 
endured a stillbirth, and seizing the op-
portunity to keep other families from 
experiencing the same tragedy. 
S. RES. 788 
At the request of Mr. MURPHY, the 
name of the Senator from West Vir-
ginia (Mr. MANCHIN) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. Res. 788, a resolution des-
ignating the week of September 19 
through September 23, 2022, as ‘‘Mal-
nutrition Awareness Week’’. 
AMENDMENT NO. 5530 
At the request of Mrs. BLACKBURN, 
the names of the Senator from North 
Dakota (Mr. HOEVEN), the Senator from 
Idaho (Mr. CRAPO) and the Senator 
from Mississippi (Mrs. HYDE-SMITH) 
were added as cosponsors of amend-
ment No. 5530 intended to be proposed 
to H.R. 7900, to authorize appropria-
tions for fiscal year 2023 for military 
activities of the Department of De-
fense, for military construction, and 
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military 
personnel strengths for such fiscal 
year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO. 5531 
At the request of Mrs. BLACKBURN, 
the names of the Senator from North 
Dakota (Mr. HOEVEN), the Senator from 
Idaho (Mr. CRAPO) and the Senator 
from Mississippi (Mrs. HYDE-SMITH) 
were added as cosponsors of amend-
ment No. 5531 intended to be proposed 
to H.R. 7900, to authorize appropria-
tions for fiscal year 2023 for military 
activities of the Department of De-
fense, for military construction, and 
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military 
personnel strengths for such fiscal 
year, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. PADILLA (for himself and 
Mrs. BLACKBURN): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:12 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00031
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.019
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 77-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4972 
September 22, 2022 
S. 4932. A bill to amend title 17, 
United States Code, to provide fair 
treatment of radio stations and artists 
for the use of sound recordings, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on 
the Judiciary. 
Mr. PADILLA. Mr. President, I rise 
to speak in support of the bipartisan 
American Music Fairness Act, which I 
introduced with Senator BLACKBURN 
today. 
Artists pour their heart and soul into 
the music we enjoy. Unfortunately, our 
current copyright laws do not ade-
quately reflect the value of what they 
have produced. 
Currently, the United States is the 
only democratic country in the world 
in which artists are not compensated 
for the use of their music on AM/FM 
radio. 
By requiring broadcast radio corpora-
tions to pay performance royalties to 
creators for AM/FM radio plays, the 
American Music Fairness Act would 
close an antiquated loophole in our 
copyright law which has prevented art-
ists from receiving compensation for 
the use of their music for far too long. 
This royalty stream would be par-
ticularly meaningful for the thousands 
of working-class artists who are a crit-
ical part of our country’s vibrant 
music industry, and it would also be 
particularly meaningful for artists who 
are not readily able to tour and per-
form, as has unfortunately been the 
case for artists during the COVID pan-
demic. 
Additionally and importantly, when 
American-made music is played over-
seas, other countries collect royalties 
for American artists and producers but 
never pay those royalties to our artists 
because we do not reciprocate. This in-
equity costs the American economy 
and artists more than $200 million each 
year. This is a serious injustice consid-
ering that America is the origin of so 
much of the music listened to around 
the world. 
So it is time once and for all to cre-
ate a regime that is platform neutral 
and which respects the hard work and 
dignity of our artists. 
But I also want to be clear about 
something. I am a huge fan of and true 
believer in the importance of local 
radio to the music industry and to 
communities all across the United 
States that rely on radio to receive 
timely and relevant news, entertain-
ment, and emergency response infor-
mation. The American Music Fairness 
Act recognizes and acknowledges the 
important 
role 
that 
locally-owned 
radio stations play by including protec-
tions for small, college, and non-
commercial stations. 
I want to thank Senator BLACKBURN 
for introducing this bill with me, and I 
hope our colleagues will join us in sup-
porting the thousands of artists across 
this country who create the music that 
contributes to the soundtrack of our 
lives. 
By Mr. THUNE (for himself, Mr. 
CASSIDY, Mr. DAINES, and Mr. 
TOOMEY): 
S. 4939. A bill to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to prevent double 
dipping between tax credits and grants 
or loans for clean vehicle manufactur-
ers; to the Committee on Finance. 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the text of the 
bill be printed in the RECORD. 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in 
the RECORD, as follows: 
S. 4939 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Ending Du-
plicative Subsidies for Electric Vehicles 
Act’’ 
SEC. 2. COORDINATION OF ELECTRIC VEHICLE 
CREDITS WITH OTHER SUBSIDIES. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 30D(d)(3) of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended 
by Public Law 117–169, is amended by adding 
at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘Such 
term shall not include any person who has 
received a loan under section 136(d) of the 
Energy Independence and Security Act of 
2007, a loan guarantee under section 1703 of 
the Energy Policy Act of 2005 with respect to 
a project described in section 1703(b)(8) of 
such Act, or a grant under section 50143 of 
the Act titled ‘An Act to provide for rec-
onciliation pursuant to title II of S. Con. 
Res. 14’ for the taxable year in which the new 
clean vehicle is placed in service or any prior 
taxable year.’’. 
(b) 
EFFECTIVE
DATE.—The 
amendment 
made by this section shall apply to taxable 
years beginning after December 31, 2022. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 791—DESIG-
NATING 
SEPTEMBER 
2022 
AS 
‘‘NATIONAL 
VOTING 
RIGHTS 
MONTH’’ 
Mr. 
WYDEN 
(for 
himself, 
Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL, Mr. BENNET, Mrs. FEIN-
STEIN, Mr. MERKLEY, Mr. BROWN, Mr. 
KAINE, Ms. KLOBUCHAR, Mr. CARPER, 
Ms. 
CANTWELL, 
Mr. 
MARKEY, 
Ms. 
HIRONO, Ms. SMITH, Mr. WHITEHOUSE, 
Mr. VAN
HOLLEN, Mr. DURBIN, Mr. 
CARDIN, Ms. STABENOW, Mr. PADILLA, 
Ms. DUCKWORTH, Mr. REED, Mr. CASEY, 
Mr. BOOKER, Mr. LUJA´ N, Mr. WARNER, 
Mr. MENENDEZ, and Mr. HEINRICH) sub-
mitted the following resolution; which 
was referred to the Committee on the 
Judiciary: 
S. RES. 791 
Whereas voting is one of the single most 
important rights that can be exercised in a 
democracy; 
Whereas, over the course of history, var-
ious voter suppression laws in the United 
States have hindered, and even prohibited, 
certain individuals and groups from exer-
cising the right to vote; 
Whereas, during the 19th and early 20th 
centuries, Native Americans and people who 
were born to United States citizens abroad, 
people who spoke a language other than 
English, and people who were formerly sub-
jected to slavery were denied full citizenship 
and prevented from voting by English lit-
eracy tests; 
Whereas, since the 1870s, minority groups 
such as Black Americans in the South have 
suffered from the oppressive effects of Jim 
Crow laws that were designed to prevent po-
litical, economic, and social mobility; 
Whereas Black Americans, Latinos, Asian 
Americans, Native Americans, and other 
underrepresented voters were subject to vio-
lence, poll taxes, literacy tests, all-White 
primaries, property ownership tests, and 
grandfather clauses that were designed to 
suppress the right of those individuals to 
vote; 
Whereas 5,800,000 people in the United 
States are currently banned from voting be-
cause of a felony conviction, including 1 in 16 
Black adults, due to the shameful entangle-
ment of racial injustice in the criminal legal 
system and voting access in the United 
States; 
Whereas members of the aforementioned 
groups and others are currently, in some 
cases, subject to intimidation, voter roll 
purges, and financial barriers that act effec-
tively as modern-day poll taxes; 
Whereas, in 1965, Congress passed the Vot-
ing Rights Act of 1965 (52 U.S.C. 10301 et seq.) 
to protect the right of Black Americans and 
other traditionally disenfranchised groups to 
vote, among other reasons; 
Whereas, in 2013, in the landmark case of 
Shelby County v. Holder, 570 U.S. 529 (2013), 
the Supreme Court of the United States in-
validated section 4 of the Voting Rights Act 
of 1965, dismantling the preclearance for-
mula provision in that Act that protected 
voters in States and localities that histori-
cally have suppressed the right of minorities 
to vote; 
Whereas, since the invalidation of the 
preclearance formula provision of the Voting 
Rights Act of 1965, gerrymandered districts 
in many States have gone unchallenged and 
have become less likely to be invalidated by 
the courts; 
Whereas these gerrymandered districts 
have been found to have discriminatory im-
pacts on traditionally disenfranchised mi-
norities through tactics that include ‘‘crack-
ing’’, diluting the voting power of minorities 
across many districts, and ‘‘packing’’, con-
centrating minority voters’ power in one dis-
trict to reduce their voting power in other 
districts; 
Whereas the courts have found the con-
gressional and, in some cases, State legisla-
tive district maps, in Texas, North Carolina, 
Florida, Pennsylvania, Ohio, and Wisconsin 
to be gerrymandered districts that were cre-
ated to favor some groups over others; 
Whereas these restrictive voting laws en-
compass cutbacks in early voting, voter roll 
purges, placement of faulty equipment in mi-
nority communities, requirement of photo 
identification, and the elimination of same- 
day registration; 
Whereas these policies could outright dis-
enfranchise or make voting much more dif-
ficult for more than 80,000,000 minority, el-
derly, poor, and disabled voters, among other 
groups; 
Whereas, in 2016, discriminatory laws in 
North Carolina, Wisconsin, North Dakota, 
and Texas were ruled to violate voters’ 
rights and overturned by the courts; 
Whereas the decision of the Supreme Court 
in Shelby County v. Holder, 570 U.S. 529 
(2013), calls on Congress to update the for-
mula in the Voting Rights Act of 1965; 
Whereas the Coronavirus Disease 2019 (re-
ferred to in this preamble as ‘‘COVID–19’’) 
public health emergency has only exacer-
bated the state of elections and the difficul-
ties voters face in obtaining access to the 
ballot; 
Whereas a lack of fair and safe election 
policies threatens minority communities, 
which have been disproportionately im-
pacted 
and 
disenfranchised 
due 
to 
the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:12 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00032
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.022
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 78-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4973 
September 22, 2022 
COVID–19 pandemic, and their access to the 
ballot; 
Whereas addressing the challenges of ad-
ministering future elections requires in-
creasing the accessibility of vote-by-mail 
and other limited-contact options to ensure 
the protection of voters’ health and safety 
amid a global pandemic; 
Whereas, as voting by mail becomes a safer 
and more accessible option for voters to ex-
ercise their constitutional right to vote dur-
ing the unprecedented times caused by the 
COVID–19 pandemic, the work of the United 
States Postal Service will be of paramount 
importance in successfully conducting elec-
tions; 
Whereas Congress must work to combat 
any attempts to dismantle or underfund the 
United States Postal Service or obstruct the 
passage of the mail as blatant tactics of 
voter suppression and election interference; 
Whereas following the 2020 elections there 
has been a relentless attack on the right to 
vote with more than 400 bills having been in-
troduced to roll back the right to vote, in-
cluding such bills being introduced in almost 
every State and at least 31 of such bills hav-
ing been signed into law in 18 States; 
Whereas there is much more work to be 
done to ensure all citizens of the United 
States have the right to vote through free, 
fair, and accessible elections, and Congress 
must exercise its Constitutional authority to 
protect the right to vote; 
Whereas National Voter Registration Day 
is September 20; and 
Whereas September 2022 would be an appro-
priate month to designate as ‘‘National Vot-
ing Rights Month’’ and to ensure that, 
through the registration of voters and 
awareness of elections, the democracy of the 
United States includes all citizens of the 
United States: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) designates September 2022 as ‘‘National 
Voting Rights Month’’; 
(2) encourages all people in the United 
States to uphold the right of every citizen to 
exercise the sacred and fundamental right to 
vote; 
(3) encourages Congress to pass— 
(A) the For the People Act of 2021 (S. 2093 
and H.R. 1 of the 117th Congress), to increase 
voters’ access to the ballot, prohibit the use 
of deceptive practices to intimidate voters, 
end gerrymandering, create automatic voter 
registration, limit the power of restrictive 
voter identification laws, make critical in-
vestments in election infrastructure and 
technology, and address corruption in cam-
paign finance and ethics; 
(B) the Freedom to Vote Act (S. 2747 of the 
117th Congress), to set basic national stand-
ards to make sure all people in the United 
States can cast their ballots in the way that 
works best for them, regardless of what ZIP 
code they live in, improve access to the bal-
lot for people in the United States, advance 
commonsense election integrity reforms, and 
protect the democracy of the United States 
from relentless attacks; 
(C) the John R. Lewis Voting Rights Ad-
vancement Act of 2021 (H.R. 4 of the 117th 
Congress), to restore the protections of the 
Voting Rights Act of 1965 (52 U.S.C. 10301 et 
seq.) that prohibit discriminatory voting 
practices, remove barriers to voting, and 
provide protections for minority voters in 
States with a history of voting discrimina-
tion; 
(D) the Democracy Restoration Act of 2021 
(S. 481 of the 117th Congress), to restore Fed-
eral voting rights to citizens after release 
from imprisonment, honoring the respon-
sibilities of citizenship and civic engagement 
necessary for building healthy and safe com-
munities, while welcoming the contributions 
of people returning home after imprison-
ment; and 
(E) other voting rights legislation that 
seeks to advance voting rights and protect 
elections in the United States; 
(4) recommends that public schools and 
universities in the United States develop an 
academic curriculum that educates students 
about— 
(A) the importance of voting, how to reg-
ister to vote, where to vote, and the different 
forms of voting; 
(B) the history of voter suppression in the 
United States before and after passage of the 
Voting Rights Act of 1965; and 
(C) current measures that have been taken 
to restrict the vote; 
(5) encourages the United States Postal 
Service to issue a special Representative 
John R. Lewis stamp during the month of 
September— 
(A) to honor the life and legacy of Rep-
resentative John R. Lewis in supporting vot-
ing rights; and 
(B) to remind people in the United States 
that ordinary citizens risked their lives, 
marched, and participated in the great de-
mocracy of the United States so that all citi-
zens would have the fundamental right to 
vote; and 
(6) invites Congress to allocate the req-
uisite funds for public service announce-
ments on television, radio, newspapers, mag-
azines, social media, billboards, buses, and 
other forms of media— 
(A) to remind people in the United States 
when elections are being held; 
(B) to share important registration dead-
lines; and 
(C) to urge people to get out and vote. 
f 
SENATE 
RESOLUTION 
792—EX-
PRESSING 
SUPPORT 
FOR 
THE 
DESIGNATION OF NOVEMBER 2022 
AS 
‘‘NATIONAL 
ALPHA-1 
ANTITRYPSIN 
DEFICIENCY 
AWARENESS MONTH’’ 
Mr. SCOTT of Florida (for himself 
and Mr. RUBIO) submitted the following 
resolution; which was referred to the 
Committee 
on 
Health, 
Education, 
Labor, and Pensions: 
S. RES. 792 
Whereas an estimated 1 in every 2,500 indi-
viduals in the United States have the genetic 
disorder alpha–1 antitrypsin deficiency (re-
ferred to in this preamble as ‘‘Alpha–1’’); 
Whereas there are an estimated 19,000,000 
carriers of Alpha–1 in the United States who 
may pass Alpha-1 on to their children; 
Whereas Alpha–1 can lead to lung destruc-
tion and is often misdiagnosed as asthma or 
smoking-related chronic obstructive pul-
monary disease (COPD); 
Whereas Alpha–1 symptoms relating to the 
lungs include— 
(1) shortness of breath; 
(2) wheezing; 
(3) chronic bronchitis; 
(4) recurring chest colds; 
(5) less exercise tolerance; 
(6) year-round allergies; and 
(7) bronchiectasis; 
Whereas Alpha–1 occurs when there is a 
lack of a protein in the blood called alpha–1 
antitrypsin, which is mainly produced by the 
liver; 
Whereas Alpha-1 symptoms relating to the 
liver include— 
(1) unexplained liver disease or elevated 
liver enzymes; 
(2) eyes and skin turning yellow, known as 
jaundice; 
(3) swelling of the abdomen, known as asci-
tes, or legs; and 
(4) vomiting blood; 
Whereas Alpha–1 is the most commonly 
known genetic risk factor for emphysema; 
Whereas Alpha–1 can affect individuals at 
any age; 
Whereas Alpha–1 cannot be diagnosed by 
symptoms or by a medical examination 
alone; 
Whereas individuals who may have Alpha– 
1 must take a blood test to confirm a diag-
nosis; 
Whereas early diagnosis and avoiding risk 
factors, such as smoking, can help prevent 
Alpha–1 from causing disease; and 
Whereas November 2022 would be an appro-
priate month to designate as National 
Alpha–1 Antitrypsin Deficiency Awareness 
Month to— 
(1) raise awareness about Alpha–1; and 
(2) encourage more individuals to get test-
ed for Alpha–1 if they present symptoms: 
Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate supports the des-
ignation of November 2022 as ‘‘National 
Alpha–1 Antitrypsin Deficiency Awareness 
Month’’. 
f 
SENATE 
RESOLUTION 
793—COM-
MENDING TALL SHIPS AMERICA 
FOR 
ADVANCING 
CHARACTER- 
BUILDING EXPERIENCES AT SEA 
AND REPRESENTING THE TALL 
SHIPS AND SAIL TRAINING COM-
MUNITY OF THE UNITED STATES 
IN 
NATIONAL 
AND 
INTER-
NATIONAL FORUMS 
Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE) submitted the following 
resolution; which was considered and 
agreed to: 
Whereas the American Sail Training Asso-
ciation (doing business as Tall Ships Amer-
ica), located in Rhode Island, is an edu-
cational non-profit corporation whose de-
clared mission is ‘‘to encourage character- 
building through sail training, promote sail 
training to the North American public, and 
support education under sail’’; 
Whereas, since its founding in 1973, Tall 
Ships America has promoted and supported 
character-building experiences aboard tradi-
tional sail training vessels and supported a 
fleet of more than 120 tall ships and sail 
training 
vessels, 
including 
barques, 
barquentines, brigs, brigantines, schooners, 
sloops, and full-rigged ships, which fly the 
flag of the United States and bring life- 
changing adventures to thousands of young 
trainees each year; 
Whereas April 2023 marks the 50th anniver-
sary of Tall Ships America, which— 
(1) continues to ably represent the United 
States as a founding member of Sail Train-
ing International, the recognized inter-
national body for the promotion of sail 
training since the 1950s; and 
(2) as a member of the International Coun-
cil of Sail Training International, actively 
promotes international fellowship of the sea 
through governance and events; 
Whereas Tall Ships America has estab-
lished a program of scholarship and grant 
funding to support onboard experiences for 
young people and the professional training 
and development of sailing ship crew mem-
bers; 
Whereas Tall Ships America promotes safe 
and ethical practices and supports the busi-
ness efficiency of its member vessels and 
programs; 
Whereas Tall Ships America has entered 
into a memorandum of understanding with 
the Maritime Administration in support of 
maritime workforce development; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:12 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00033
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.024
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 79-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4974 
September 22, 2022 
Whereas Tall Ships America collaborates 
extensively with the Coast Guard with re-
spect to— 
(1) the regulation of sail training vessels; 
(2) Marine Events of National Significance, 
including the Tall Ships Challenge series; 
(3) the premier sail training vessel of the 
United States, namely the square-rigged 
Coast Guard Cutter Barque Eagle ; and 
(4) professional mariner training and devel-
opment, including through participation in 
the Annual Conference on Sail Training and 
Tall Ships; 
Whereas Tall Ships America has a long his-
tory of arranging and supporting tall ship 
races, rallies, and maritime festivals dating 
as far back as 1976; 
Whereas, since 2001, Tall Ships America 
has organized 78 Tall Ships Challenge races 
and maritime festivals that have— 
(1) involved sail training ships, trainees, 
and crews from around the world on all the 
coasts of the United States; 
(2) advanced the mission of Tall Ships 
America; 
(3) helped sustain the economic vitality of 
member vessels of Tall Ships America; and 
(4) attracted more than 26,000,000 visitors 
and $3,000,000,000 in economic impact to mar-
itime communities; and 
Whereas Tall Ships America has hosted the 
Annual Conference on Sail Training and Tall 
Ships for 49 years in cities throughout the 
United States and Canada, including the 
Safety Under Sail Forum and the Education 
Under 
Sail 
Forum, 
to 
enhance 
profes-
sionalism, historical skills of seamanship, 
impactful approaches for education at sea, 
best-practices of organizational collabora-
tion, and cutting-edge non-profit and busi-
ness practices: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) commends Tall Ships America for— 
(A) advancing character-building experi-
ences at sea and on inland waterways aboard 
traditional sail training vessels; 
(B) acting as the national sail training as-
sociation of the United States; and 
(C) representing the tall ships and sail 
training community of the United States in 
national and international forums, including 
in Sail Training International; 
(2) commends Tall Ships America and its 
member vessels and programs for providing 
workforce training and development oppor-
tunities for the maritime industry in the fin-
est traditions of the sea; and 
(3) encourages the people of the United 
States and the world to join in celebration of 
the first 50 years of the Adventure and Edu-
cation Under Sail program of Tall Ships 
America, which provides character-building, 
educational, and work experiences for people 
of all nations. 
f 
SENATE 
RESOLUTION 
794—PRO-
CLAIMING THE WEEK OF SEP-
TEMBER 
26 
THROUGH 
SEP-
TEMBER 30, 2022, TO BE ‘‘NA-
TIONAL CLEAN ENERGY WEEK’’ 
Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Ms. CANT-
WELL, Mr. REED, Mr. WHITEHOUSE, Mr. 
BURR, Mr. PORTMAN, Mr. KING, Mr. 
GRAHAM, Ms. ROSEN, Mrs. SHAHEEN, Mr. 
COONS, Mr. BRAUN, Mr. ROMNEY, Mr. 
HICKENLOOPER, Ms. DUCKWORTH, Mr. 
WARNOCK, Mr. TILLIS, Ms. WARREN, Mr. 
MANCHIN, Mrs. CAPITO, Ms. SINEMA, Mr. 
LUJA´ N, Mrs. FEINSTEIN, Ms. SMITH, and 
Mr. SULLIVAN) submitted the following 
resolution; which was considered and 
agreed to: 
S. RES. 794 
Whereas, across the United States, clean 
and readily abundant forms of energy are 
powering more homes and businesses than 
ever before; 
Whereas clean energy generation is readily 
available 
from 
zero- 
and 
low-emissions 
sources; 
Whereas the clean energy sector is a grow-
ing part of the economy and has been a key 
driver of economic growth in the United 
States in recent years; 
Whereas technological innovation can fur-
ther reduce costs, enhance reliability, and 
increase deployment of clean energy sources; 
Whereas the ‘‘2022 U.S. Energy and Em-
ployment Report’’ published by the Depart-
ment of Energy found that, at the end of 
2021, the energy and energy efficiency sectors 
in the United States employed approxi-
mately 7,800,000 individuals; 
Whereas the scaling of affordable and ex-
portable clean energy is essential to reduc-
ing global emissions; 
Whereas clean energy jobs are inherently 
local, contribute to the growth of local 
economies, and cannot be outsourced due to 
the on-site nature of construction, installa-
tion, and maintenance; and 
Whereas innovative clean energy solutions 
and clean energy jobs are part of the energy 
future of the United States: Now, therefore, 
be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) proclaims the week of September 26 
through September 30, 2022, to be ‘‘National 
Clean Energy Week’’; 
(2) encourages individuals and organiza-
tions across the United States to support 
commonsense solutions that address the eco-
nomic, environmental, and energy needs of 
the United States in the 21st century; 
(3) encourages the Federal Government, 
States, municipalities, and individuals to in-
vest in affordable, clean, and low-emitting 
energy technologies; and 
(4) recognizes the role of entrepreneurs and 
small businesses in ensuring the energy lead-
ership of the United States in the global 
marketplace and supporting low-cost, clean, 
and reliable energy in the United States. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 795—DESIG-
NATING 
SEPTEMBER 
2022 
AS 
‘‘SCHOOL BUS SAFETY MONTH’’ 
Mrs. 
FISCHER 
(for 
herself, 
Mr. 
PETERS, and Mr. WARNOCK) submitted 
the following resolution; which was 
considered and agreed to: 
S. RES. 795 
Whereas, in an average year, on every 
school day in the United States, approxi-
mately 506,520 public and private school 
buses carry more than 26,000,000 K–12 stu-
dents to and from school; 
Whereas school buses comprise the largest 
mass transportation fleet in the United 
States; 
Whereas, in an average year, 48 percent of 
all K–12 students ride a school bus for each of 
the 180 school days in a year, and school bus 
operators drive school buses a total of nearly 
4,400,000,000 miles; 
Whereas the Child Safety Network (re-
ferred to in this preamble as the ‘‘CSN’’), 
which is celebrating 33 years of public serv-
ice in the United States, supports the CSN 
Safe Ride campaign, which is designed to 
provide the school bus industry with driver 
training, the latest technology, and free 
safety and security resources, including re-
sources to help parents raise safer and 
healthier children; 
Whereas the designation of School Bus 
Safety Month will allow broadcast and dig-
ital media and social networking industries 
to commit to disseminating public service 
announcements that are produced to— 
(1) provide free resources designed to safe-
guard children; 
(2) recognize school bus operators and pro-
fessionals; and 
(3) encourage the driving public to engage 
in safer driving behavior near school buses 
when students board and disembark from 
school buses; 
Whereas key leaders who deserve recogni-
tion during School Bus Safety Month and be-
yond have— 
(1) provided security awareness training 
materials to more than 14,000 public and pri-
vate schools; 
(2) trained more than 118,139 school bus op-
erators; and 
(3) provided more than 166,798 counterter-
rorism guides to individuals who are key to 
providing both safety and security for chil-
dren in the United States; and 
Whereas School Bus Safety Month offers 
the Senate and the people of the United 
States an opportunity to recognize and 
thank the school bus operators and the pro-
fessionals focused on school bus safety and 
security in the United States: Now, there-
fore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate designates Sep-
tember 2022 as ‘‘School Bus Safety Month’’. 
f 
SENATE 
RESOLUTION 
796—HON-
ORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY 
OF THE LATE SENATOR ROBERT 
‘‘BOB’’ CHARLES KRUEGER 
Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. 
CRUZ) submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed 
to: 
S. RES. 796 
Whereas Robert ‘‘Bob’’ Charles Krueger 
(referred to in this preamble as ‘‘Bob 
Krueger’’) was born on September 19, 1935, to 
Arlon and Faye Krueger in New Braunfels, 
Texas; 
Whereas Bob Krueger earned a bachelor’s 
degree from the Southern Methodist Univer-
sity, a master’s degree from Duke Univer-
sity, and a doctorate in philosophy in 
English literature from Oxford University; 
Whereas Bob Krueger subsequently re-
turned home to run the family business, the 
Comal Hosiery Mills; 
Whereas Bob Krueger began his career in 
public service in 1975, representing the 21st 
Congressional District of Texas in the House 
of Representatives until 1979; 
Whereas, in 1979, Bob Krueger was ap-
pointed by President Jimmy Carter to serve 
as Ambassador-at-Large and Coordinate for 
Mexican Affairs at the Department of State 
until 1981; 
Whereas Bob Krueger was elected to state-
wide office in 1991 and served as Railroad 
Commissioner of Texas until 1993; 
Whereas, in January 1993, Bob Krueger was 
appointed to the United States Senate, 
where he served until June 1993; 
Whereas, from 1994 to 1995, former Senator 
Krueger served as Ambassador to Burundi; 
Whereas, while serving as Ambassador to 
Burundi, Bob Krueger witnessed the human 
rights abuses that occurred during the civil 
war in Rwanda and advocated for those 
human rights to be upheld; 
Whereas, from 1996 to 1999, Bob Krueger 
served as Ambassador to Botswana; 
Whereas, in 2000, after years of distin-
guished public service, Bob Krueger returned 
to Oxford as a research fellow; 
Whereas Bob Krueger also taught at Rice 
University, the University of Texas at Aus-
tin, Texas Tech University, and Texas State 
University; 
Whereas Bob Krueger was a kind person 
who was generous with his time to his stu-
dents, friends, and family; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:57 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00034
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.023
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 80-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4975 
September 22, 2022 
Whereas, on April 30, 2022, at the age of 86, 
Bob Krueger died, leaving behind— 
(1) his wife, Kathleen Tobin; 
(2) his children, Mariana, Sarah, and Chris-
tian; and 
(3) his grandson, Brooks: Now, therefore, 
be it 
Resolved, That— 
(1) the Senate— 
(A) honors the life and legacy of the late 
Robert ‘‘Bob’’ Charles Krueger (referred to in 
this resolution as ‘‘Bob Krueger’’) for his— 
(i) accomplishments as— 
(I) a patriot; and 
(II) an example for future generations of 
leaders; and 
(ii) dedication to Texas as a Senator, a 
member of the House of Representatives, an 
Ambassador, and a public servant; and 
(B) respectfully requests that the Sec-
retary of the Senate— 
(i) communicate this resolution to the 
House of Representatives; and 
(ii) transmit an enrolled copy of this reso-
lution to the family of Bob Krueger; and 
(2) when the Senate adjourns today, it 
stand adjourned as a further mark of respect 
to the memory of Bob Krueger. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 5571. Mr. SCOTT of Florida submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED 
(for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to 
be proposed to the bill H.R. 7900, to authorize 
appropriations for fiscal year 2023 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of Defense, 
for military construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, to pre-
scribe military personnel strengths for such 
fiscal year, and for other purposes; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 5572. Mr. SCOTT of Florida submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED 
(for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to 
be proposed to the bill H.R. 7900, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 5573. Mr. SCOTT of Florida submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED 
(for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to 
be proposed to the bill H.R. 7900, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 5574. Mr. SCOTT of Florida submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED 
(for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to 
be proposed to the bill H.R. 7900, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 5575. Mrs. MURRAY (for herself and Mr. 
MORAN) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 5499 sub-
mitted by Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. 
INHOFE) and intended to be proposed to the 
bill H.R. 7900, supra; which was ordered to lie 
on the table. 
SA 5576. Mr. TOOMEY 
submitted 
an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED 
(for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to 
be proposed to the bill H.R. 7900, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 5577. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED 
(for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to 
be proposed to the bill H.R. 7900, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 5578. Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE, Mr. HAGERTY, and Mrs. FISCH-
ER) submitted an amendment intended to be 
proposed to amendment SA 5499 submitted 
by Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) 
and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, supra; which was ordered to lie on the 
table. 
SA 
5579. 
Mr. 
CORNYN 
submitted 
an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED 
(for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to 
be proposed to the bill H.R. 7900, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 5580. Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mrs. 
FEINSTEIN) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 5499 
submitted by Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. 
INHOFE) and intended to be proposed to the 
bill H.R. 7900, supra; which was ordered to lie 
on the table. 
SA 5581. Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mrs. 
SHAHEEN, Mr. TILLIS, Mr. KING, Ms. HASSAN, 
Mr. PETERS, Mr. GRAHAM, Mr. BLUMENTHAL, 
and Mr. RUBIO) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 5499 
submitted by Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. 
INHOFE) and intended to be proposed to the 
bill H.R. 7900, supra; which was ordered to lie 
on the table. 
SA 5582. Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. 
PETERS) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 5499 sub-
mitted by Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. 
INHOFE) and intended to be proposed to the 
bill H.R. 7900, supra; which was ordered to lie 
on the table. 
SA 
5583. 
Mr. 
CORNYN 
submitted 
an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED 
(for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to 
be proposed to the bill H.R. 7900, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 5584. Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. 
KING) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed to amendment SA 5499 sub-
mitted by Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. 
INHOFE) and intended to be proposed to the 
bill H.R. 7900, supra; which was ordered to lie 
on the table. 
SA 5585. Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mrs. 
GILLIBRAND, Mr. BLUMENTHAL, Mr. BOOZMAN, 
Mr. TILLIS, Mrs. SHAHEEN, Mr. KAINE, and 
Ms. COLLINS) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 5499 
submitted by Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. 
INHOFE) and intended to be proposed to the 
bill H.R. 7900, supra; which was ordered to lie 
on the table. 
SA 5586. Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. 
KING) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed to amendment SA 5499 sub-
mitted by Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. 
INHOFE) and intended to be proposed to the 
bill H.R. 7900, supra; which was ordered to lie 
on the table. 
SA 5587. Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. 
KING) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed to amendment SA 5499 sub-
mitted by Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. 
INHOFE) and intended to be proposed to the 
bill H.R. 7900, supra; which was ordered to lie 
on the table. 
SA 5588. Mr. LEAHY submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment 
SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED (for himself 
and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to be proposed 
to the bill H.R. 7900, supra; which was or-
dered to lie on the table. 
SA 5589. Mr. TOOMEY (for himself and Mr. 
CARPER) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 5499 sub-
mitted by Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. 
INHOFE) and intended to be proposed to the 
bill H.R. 7900, supra; which was ordered to lie 
on the table. 
SA 5590. Mr. HAWLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED 
(for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to 
be proposed to the bill H.R. 7900, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 5591. Mr. HAWLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED 
(for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to 
be proposed to the bill H.R. 7900, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 5592. Mr. HAWLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED 
(for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to 
be proposed to the bill H.R. 7900, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 5593. Mr. YOUNG (for himself, Mr. CAR-
PER, Mr. CORNYN, and Mr. CRAPO) submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED 
(for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to 
be proposed to the bill H.R. 7900, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 5594. Mr. YOUNG submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment 
SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED (for himself 
and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to be proposed 
to the bill H.R. 7900, supra; which was or-
dered to lie on the table. 
SA 5595. Mr. HAWLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED 
(for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to 
be proposed to the bill H.R. 7900, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 5596. Mr. HAWLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED 
(for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to 
be proposed to the bill H.R. 7900, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 5597. Mr. HAWLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED 
(for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to 
be proposed to the bill H.R. 7900, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 5598. Mr. HAWLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED 
(for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to 
be proposed to the bill H.R. 7900, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 5599. Mr. HAWLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED 
(for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to 
be proposed to the bill H.R. 7900, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 5600. Mr. HAWLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED 
(for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to 
be proposed to the bill H.R. 7900, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 5601. Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Mr. 
RUBIO, Ms. MURKOWSKI, Mr. PADILLA, Mr. 
CORNYN, Mr. BENNET, and Mrs. BLACKBURN) 
submitted an amendment intended to be pro-
posed to amendment SA 5499 submitted by 
Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 7900, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 5602. Mrs. FEINSTEIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED 
(for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to 
be proposed to the bill H.R. 7900, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 5603. Mrs. FEINSTEIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED 
(for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to 
be proposed to the bill H.R. 7900, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 5604. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED 
(for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to 
be proposed to the bill H.R. 7900, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 5605. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment 
SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED (for himself 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:57 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00035
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.028
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 81-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4976 
September 22, 2022 
and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to be proposed 
to the bill H.R. 7900, supra; which was or-
dered to lie on the table. 
SA 5606. Mr. HAWLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED 
(for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to 
be proposed to the bill H.R. 7900, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 5607. Mr. HAGERTY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED 
(for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to 
be proposed to the bill H.R. 7900, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 5608. Mr. HAGERTY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED 
(for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to 
be proposed to the bill H.R. 7900, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 5609. Mr. HAGERTY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED 
(for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to 
be proposed to the bill H.R. 7900, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 5610. Mr. HAGERTY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED 
(for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to 
be proposed to the bill H.R. 7900, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 5611. Mr. HAGERTY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED 
(for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to 
be proposed to the bill H.R. 7900, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 5612. Mr. HAGERTY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED 
(for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to 
be proposed to the bill H.R. 7900, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 5613. Mr. HAGERTY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED 
(for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to 
be proposed to the bill H.R. 7900, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 5614. Mr. HAGERTY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED 
(for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to 
be proposed to the bill H.R. 7900, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 5615. Mrs. BLACKBURN (for herself and 
Mr. LUJA´ N) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 5499 
submitted by Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. 
INHOFE) and intended to be proposed to the 
bill H.R. 7900, supra; which was ordered to lie 
on the table. 
SA 5616. Mrs. HYDE–SMITH submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED 
(for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to 
be proposed to the bill H.R. 7900, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 5617. Mrs. HYDE–SMITH submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED 
(for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to 
be proposed to the bill H.R. 7900, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 5618. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED 
(for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to 
be proposed to the bill H.R. 7900, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 5619. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED 
(for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to 
be proposed to the bill H.R. 7900, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 5620. Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself and 
Mr. RISCH) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 5499 
submitted by Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. 
INHOFE) and intended to be proposed to the 
bill H.R. 7900, supra; which was ordered to lie 
on the table. 
SA 5621. Mr. BRAUN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment 
SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED (for himself 
and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to be proposed 
to the bill H.R. 7900, supra; which was or-
dered to lie on the table. 
SA 5622. Mr. BRAUN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment 
SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED (for himself 
and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to be proposed 
to the bill H.R. 7900, supra; which was or-
dered to lie on the table. 
SA 5623. Mr. BRAUN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment 
SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED (for himself 
and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to be proposed 
to the bill H.R. 7900, supra; which was or-
dered to lie on the table. 
SA 5624. Mr. BRAUN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment 
SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED (for himself 
and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to be proposed 
to the bill H.R. 7900, supra; which was or-
dered to lie on the table. 
SA 5625. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED 
(for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to 
be proposed to the bill H.R. 7900, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 5626. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED 
(for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to 
be proposed to the bill H.R. 7900, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 5627. Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. 
INHOFE) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 5499 sub-
mitted by Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. 
INHOFE) and intended to be proposed to the 
bill H.R. 7900, supra; which was ordered to lie 
on the table. 
SA 5628. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment 
SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED (for himself 
and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to be proposed 
to the bill H.R. 7900, supra; which was or-
dered to lie on the table. 
SA 5629. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment 
SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED (for himself 
and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to be proposed 
to the bill H.R. 7900, supra; which was or-
dered to lie on the table. 
SA 5630. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment 
SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED (for himself 
and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to be proposed 
to the bill H.R. 7900, supra; which was or-
dered to lie on the table. 
SA 5631. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment 
SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED (for himself 
and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to be proposed 
to the bill H.R. 7900, supra; which was or-
dered to lie on the table. 
SA 5632. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment 
SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED (for himself 
and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to be proposed 
to the bill H.R. 7900, supra; which was or-
dered to lie on the table. 
SA 5633. Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Mr. 
VAN HOLLEN) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 5499 
submitted by Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. 
INHOFE) and intended to be proposed to the 
bill H.R. 7900, supra; which was ordered to lie 
on the table. 
SA 5634. Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Mr. 
VAN HOLLEN) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 5499 
submitted by Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. 
INHOFE) and intended to be proposed to the 
bill H.R. 7900, supra; which was ordered to lie 
on the table. 
SA 5635. Mrs. HYDE–SMITH submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED 
(for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to 
be proposed to the bill H.R. 7900, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 5636. Mr. WARNOCK (for himself and 
Mr. OSSOFF) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 5499 
submitted by Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. 
INHOFE) and intended to be proposed to the 
bill H.R. 7900, supra; which was ordered to lie 
on the table. 
SA 5637. Mr. WARNOCK submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED 
(for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to 
be proposed to the bill H.R. 7900, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 5638. Mr. WARNOCK (for himself, Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL, Mr. BENNET, and Mr. MERKLEY) 
submitted an amendment intended to be pro-
posed to amendment SA 5499 submitted by 
Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 7900, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 5639. Mr. WARNOCK (for himself, Mr. 
BOOZMAN, Mr. OSSOFF, Mr. BLUMENTHAL, and 
Mr. BENNET) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 5499 
submitted by Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. 
INHOFE) and intended to be proposed to the 
bill H.R. 7900, supra; which was ordered to lie 
on the table. 
SA 5640. Mr. WARNOCK submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED 
(for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to 
be proposed to the bill H.R. 7900, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 5641. Mr. WARNOCK submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED 
(for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to 
be proposed to the bill H.R. 7900, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 5642. Mr. WARNOCK (for himself and 
Mr. BOOZMAN) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 5499 
submitted by Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. 
INHOFE) and intended to be proposed to the 
bill H.R. 7900, supra; which was ordered to lie 
on the table. 
SA 5643. Mr. WARNOCK submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED 
(for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to 
be proposed to the bill H.R. 7900, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 5644. Mr. WARNOCK (for himself, Mr. 
BOOZMAN, Mr. OSSOFF, Mr. BLUMENTHAL, and 
Mr. MERKLEY) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 5499 
submitted by Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. 
INHOFE) and intended to be proposed to the 
bill H.R. 7900, supra; which was ordered to lie 
on the table. 
SA 5645. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment 
SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED (for himself 
and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to be proposed 
to the bill H.R. 7900, supra; which was or-
dered to lie on the table. 
SA 5646. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment 
SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED (for himself 
and Mr. INHOFE) and intended to be proposed 
to the bill H.R. 7900, supra; which was or-
dered to lie on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:57 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00036
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.034
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 82-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4977 
September 22, 2022 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 5571. Mr. SCOTT of Florida sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be 
proposed to amendment SA 5499 sub-
mitted by Mr. REED (for himself and 
Mr. INHOFE) and intended to be pro-
posed to the bill H.R. 7900, to authorize 
appropriations for fiscal year 2023 for 
military activities of the Department 
of Defense, for military construction, 
and for defense activities of the De-
partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-
tary personnel strengths for such fiscal 
year, and for other purposes; which was 
ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1077. PROHIBITION ON CONTRACTING BY 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE WITH 
PERSONS THAT HAVE BUSINESS OP-
ERATIONS WITH THE GOVERNMENT 
OF THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION OR 
THE RUSSIAN ENERGY SECTOR. 
(a) PROHIBITION.—Except as provided under 
subsection (b), the Secretary of Defense may 
not enter into a contract for the procure-
ment of goods or services with any person 
that has business operations with— 
(1) an authority of the Government of the 
Russian Federation; or 
(2) a fossil fuel company that operates in 
the Russian Federation, except if the fossil 
fuel company transports oil or gas— 
(A) through the Russian Federation for 
sale outside of the Russian Federation; and 
(B) that was extracted from a country 
other than the Russian Federation with re-
spect to the energy sector of which the 
President has not imposed sanctions as of 
the date on which the contract is awarded. 
(b) EXCEPTIONS.— 
(1) HUMANITARIAN ASSISTANCE, DISASTER RE-
LIEF, AND NATIONAL SECURITY.— 
(A) IN
GENERAL.—The prohibition under 
subsection (a) does not apply to a contract 
that the Secretary of Defense and the Sec-
retary of State jointly determine— 
(i) is necessary for purposes of providing 
humanitarian assistance to the people of the 
Russian Federation; 
(ii) is necessary for purposes of providing 
disaster relief and other urgent life-saving 
measures; or 
(iii) is vital to the national security inter-
ests of the United States. 
(B) NOTIFICATION REQUIREMENT.—The Sec-
retary of Defense shall notify the appro-
priate congressional committees of any con-
tract entered into on the basis of an excep-
tion under subparagraph (A). 
(2) OFFICE OF FOREIGN ASSETS CONTROL LI-
CENSES.—The prohibition under subsection 
(a) does not apply to a person that has a 
valid license to operate in the Russian Fed-
eration issued by the Office of Foreign As-
sets Control of the Department of the Treas-
ury or is otherwise authorized to operate 
notwithstanding the imposition of sanctions 
with respect to the Russian Federation. 
(3) AMERICAN
DIPLOMATIC
MISSION
IN
RUS-
SIA.—The prohibition under subsection (a) 
does not apply to contracts related to the op-
eration and maintenance of the consular of-
fices and diplomatic posts of the United 
States Government in the Russian Federa-
tion. 
(c) APPLICABILITY.—This section shall take 
effect on the date of the enactment of this 
Act and apply with respect to any contract 
entered into on or after such date. 
(d) SUNSET.—This section shall terminate 
on the date on which the President submits 
to the appropriate congressional committees 
a certification in writing that contains a de-
termination of the President that the Rus-
sian Federation— 
(1) has reached an agreement relating to 
the withdrawal of Russian forces from 
Ukraine and cessation of military hostilities 
in Ukraine that is accepted by the free and 
independent government of Ukraine; 
(2) poses no immediate military threat of 
aggression to any member of the North At-
lantic Treaty Organization; and 
(3) recognizes the right of the people of 
Ukraine to independently and freely choose 
their own government. 
(e) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) AGENCY
OR
INSTRUMENTALITY
OF
THE 
GOVERNMENT OF THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION.— 
The term ‘‘agency or instrumentality of the 
Government of the Russian Federation’’ 
means an agency or instrumentality of a for-
eign state as defined in section 1603(b) of 
title 28, United States Code, with each ref-
erence in such section to ‘‘a foreign state’’ 
deemed to be a reference to ‘‘the Russian 
Federation’’. 
(2) APPROPRIATE
CONGRESSIONAL
COMMIT-
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional 
committees’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Relations, and the 
Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-
ernmental Affairs of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Com-
mittee on Oversight and Reform of the House 
of Representatives. 
(3) BUSINESS OPERATIONS.—The term ‘‘busi-
ness operations’’ means the act of engaging 
in commerce in any form, including acquir-
ing, developing, maintaining, owning, sell-
ing, possessing, leasing, or operating equip-
ment, facilities, personnel, products, serv-
ices, personal property, real property, or any 
other apparatus of business or commerce. 
(4) FOSSIL FUEL COMPANY.—The term ‘‘fos-
sil fuel company’’ means a person that— 
(A) carries out oil, gas, or coal exploration, 
development, or production activities; 
(B) processes or refines oil, gas, or coal; or 
(C) transports, or constructs facilities for 
the transportation of, oil, gas, or coal. 
(5) GOVERNMENT
OF
THE
RUSSIAN
FEDERA-
TION.—The term ‘‘Government of the Russian 
Federation’’ includes the government of any 
political subdivision of the Russian Federa-
tion and any agency or instrumentality of 
the Government of the Russian Federation. 
(6) PERSON.—The term ‘‘person’’ means— 
(A) a natural person, corporation, com-
pany, business association, partnership, soci-
ety, trust, or any other nongovernmental en-
tity, organization, or group; 
(B) a governmental entity or instrumen-
tality of a government, including a multilat-
eral development institution (as defined in 
section 1701(c)(3) of the International Finan-
cial Institutions Act (22 U.S.C. 262r(c)(3))); 
and 
(C) a successor, subunit, parent entity, or 
subsidiary of, or an entity under common 
ownership or control with, an entity de-
scribed in subparagraph (A) or (B). 
SA 5572. Mr. SCOTT of Florida sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be 
proposed to amendment SA 5499 sub-
mitted by Mr. REED (for himself and 
Mr. INHOFE) and intended to be pro-
posed to the bill H.R. 7900, to authorize 
appropriations for fiscal year 2023 for 
military activities of the Department 
of Defense, for military construction, 
and for defense activities of the De-
partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-
tary personnel strengths for such fiscal 
year, and for other purposes; which was 
ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1077. EXTENSION OF CUSTOMS WATERS OF 
THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) TARIFF ACT OF 1930.—Section 401(j) of 
the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1401(j)) is 
amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘means, in the case’’ and in-
serting the following: ‘‘means— 
‘‘(1) in the case’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘of the coast of the United 
States’’ and inserting ‘‘from the baselines of 
the United States (determined in accordance 
with international law)’’; 
(3) by striking ‘‘and, in the case’’ and in-
serting the following: ‘‘; and 
‘‘(2) in the case’’; 
(4) by striking ‘‘the waters within four 
leagues of the coast of the United States.’’ 
and inserting the following: ‘‘the waters 
within— 
‘‘(A) the territorial sea of the United 
States, to the limits permitted by inter-
national law in accordance with Presidential 
Proclamation 5928 of December 27, 1988; and 
‘‘(B) the contiguous zone of the United 
States, to the limits permitted by inter-
national law in accordance with Presidential 
Proclamation 7219 of September 2, 1999.’’. 
(b) ANTI-SMUGGLING ACT.—Section 401(c) of 
the Anti-Smuggling Act (19 U.S.C. 1709(c)) is 
amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘means, in the case’’ and in-
serting the following: ‘‘means— 
‘‘(1) in the case’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘of the coast of the United 
States’’ and inserting ‘‘from the baselines of 
the United States (determined in accordance 
with international law)’’; 
(3) by striking ‘‘and, in the case’’ and in-
serting the following: ‘‘; and 
‘‘(2) in the case’’; 
(4) by striking ‘‘the waters within four 
leagues of the coast of the United States.’’ 
and inserting the following: ‘‘the waters 
within— 
‘‘(A) the territorial sea of the United 
States, to the limits permitted by inter-
national law in accordance with Presidential 
Proclamation 5928 of December 27, 1988; and 
‘‘(B) the contiguous zone of the United 
States, to the limits permitted by inter-
national law in accordance with Presidential 
Proclamation 7219 of September 2, 1999.’’. 
(c) EFFECTIVE
DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect on the 
day after the date of the enactment of this 
Act. 
SA 5573. Mr. SCOTT of Florida sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be 
proposed to amendment SA 5499 sub-
mitted by Mr. REED (for himself and 
Mr. INHOFE) and intended to be pro-
posed to the bill H.R. 7900, to authorize 
appropriations for fiscal year 2023 for 
military activities of the Department 
of Defense, for military construction, 
and for defense activities of the De-
partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-
tary personnel strengths for such fiscal 
year, and for other purposes; which was 
ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1276. JOINT SELECT COMMITTEE ON AF-
GHANISTAN. 
(a) ESTABLISHMENT.—There is established a 
joint select committee of Congress to be 
known as the ‘‘Joint Select Committee on 
Afghanistan’’ (in this section referred to as 
the ‘‘Joint Committee’’). 
(b) MEMBERSHIP.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—The Joint Committee 
shall be composed of 12 members appointed 
pursuant to paragraph (2). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:57 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00037
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.032
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 83-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4978 
September 22, 2022 
(2) APPOINTMENT.—Members of the Joint 
Committee shall be appointed as follows: 
(A) The majority leader of the Senate shall 
appoint 3 members from among Members of 
the Senate. 
(B) The minority leader of the Senate shall 
appoint 3 members from among Members of 
the Senate. 
(C) The Speaker of the House of Represent-
atives shall appoint 3 members from among 
Members of the House of Representatives. 
(D) The minority leader of the House of 
Representatives shall appoint 3 members 
from among Members of the House of Rep-
resentatives. 
(3) CO-CHAIRS.— 
(A) IN
GENERAL.—Two of the appointed 
members of the Joint Committee shall serve 
as co-chairs. The Speaker of the House of 
Representatives and the majority leader of 
the Senate shall jointly appoint one co- 
chair, and the minority leader of the House 
of Representatives and the minority leader 
of the Senate shall jointly appoint the sec-
ond co-chair. The co-chairs shall be ap-
pointed not later than 14 calendar days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(B) STAFF DIRECTOR.—The co-chairs, acting 
jointly, shall hire the staff director of the 
Joint Committee. 
(4) DATE.—Members of the Joint Com-
mittee shall be appointed not later than 14 
calendar days after the date of the enact-
ment of this Act. 
(5) 
PERIOD
OF
APPOINTMENT.—Members 
shall be appointed for the life of the Joint 
Committee. Any vacancy in the Joint Com-
mittee shall not affect its powers, but shall 
be filled not later than 14 calendar days after 
the date on which the vacancy occurs, in the 
same manner as the original designation was 
made. If a member of the Joint Committee 
ceases to be a Member of the House of Rep-
resentatives or the Senate, as the case may 
be, the member is no longer a member of the 
Joint Committee and a vacancy shall exist. 
(c) INVESTIGATION AND REPORT.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Joint Committee shall conduct an inves-
tigation and submit to Congress a report on 
the United States 2021 withdrawal from Af-
ghanistan. 
(2) ELEMENTS.—The report required under 
paragraph (1) shall include the following ele-
ments: 
(A) A summary of any intelligence reports 
that indicated an imminent threat at the 
Hamid Karzai International Airport pre-
ceding the deadly attack on August 26, 2021, 
and the risks to United States and allied 
country civilians as well as Afghan partners 
for various United States withdrawal sce-
narios. 
(B) A summary of any intelligence reports 
that indicated that withdrawing military 
personnel and closing United States military 
installations in Afghanistan before evacu-
ating civilians would negatively affect the 
evacuation of United States citizens, green 
card holders, and Afghan partners and thus 
put them at risk. 
(C) A full review of planning by the Na-
tional Security Council, the Department of 
State, and the Department of Defense for a 
noncombatant evacuation from Afghanistan, 
including details of all scenarios used by the 
Department of State or the Department of 
Defense to plan and prepare for noncombat-
ant evacuation operations. 
(D) An analysis of the relationship between 
the retrograde and noncombatant evacuation 
operation plans and operations. 
(E) A description of any actions that were 
taken by the United States Government to 
protect the safety of United States forces 
and neutralize threats in any withdrawal 
scenarios. 
(F) A full review of all withdrawal sce-
narios compiled by the intelligence commu-
nity and the Department of Defense with 
timelines for the decisions taken, including 
all advice provided by military leaders to 
President Joseph R. Biden and his national 
security team beginning in January 2021. 
(G) An analysis of why the withdrawal 
timeline expedited from the September 11, 
2021, date set by President Biden earlier this 
year. 
(H) An analysis of United States and allied 
intelligence shared with the Taliban. 
(I) An analysis of any actions taken by the 
United States Government to proactively 
prepare for a successful withdrawal. 
(J) A summary of intelligence that in-
formed statements and assurances made to 
the American people that the Taliban would 
not take over Afghanistan with the speed 
that it did in August 2021. 
(K) A full and unredacted transcript of the 
phone call between President Joe Biden and 
President Ashraf Ghani of Afghanistan on 
July 23, 2021. 
(L) A summary of any documents, reports, 
or intelligence that indicates whether any 
members of the intelligence community, the 
United States Armed Forces, or NATO part-
ners supporting the mission warned that the 
Taliban would swiftly reclaim Afghanistan. 
(M) A description of the extent to which 
any members of the intelligence community, 
the United States Armed Forces, or NATO 
partners supporting the mission advised 
steps to be taken by the White House that 
were ultimately rejected. 
(N) An assessment of the decision not to 
order a noncombatant evacuation operation 
until August 14, 2021. 
(O) An assessment of whose advice the 
President 
heeded 
in 
maintaining 
the 
timeline and the status of forces on the 
ground before Thursday, August 12, 2021. 
(P) A description of the initial views and 
advice of the United States Armed Forces 
and the intelligence community given to the 
National Security Council and the White 
House before the decisions were taken re-
garding closure of United States military in-
stallations, withdrawal of United States as-
sets, and withdrawal of United States mili-
tary personnel. 
(Q) An assessment of United States assets, 
as well as any assets left behind by allies, 
that could now be used by the Taliban, ISIS– 
K, and other terrorist organizations oper-
ating within the region. 
(R) An assessment of United States assets 
slated to be delivered to Afghanistan, if any, 
the delivery of which was paused because of 
the President’s decision to withdraw, and the 
status of and plans for those assets now. 
(S) An assessment of vetting procedures for 
Afghan civilians to be evacuated with a 
timeline for the decision making and ulti-
mate decisions taken to ensure that no ter-
rorist suspects, persons with ties to terror-
ists, or dangerous individuals would be ad-
mitted into third countries or the United 
States. 
(T) An assessment of the discussions be-
tween the United States Government and al-
lies supporting our efforts in Afghanistan 
and a timeline for decision making regarding 
the withdrawal of United States forces, in-
cluding discussion and decisions about how 
to work together to repatriate all foreign na-
tionals desiring to return to their home 
countries. 
(U) A review of the policy decisions with 
timeline regarding all Afghan nationals and 
other refugees evacuated from Afghanistan 
by the United States Government and 
brought to third countries and the United 
States, including a report on what role the 
United States Armed Forces performed in 
vetting each individual and what coordina-
tion the Departments of State and Defense 
engaged in to safeguard members of the 
Armed Forces from infectious diseases and 
terrorist threats. 
(3) FORM.—The report required under para-
graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified 
form but may contain a classified annex. 
(d) MEETINGS.— 
(1) INITIAL
MEETING.—Not later than 30 
days after the date on which all members of 
the Joint Committee have been appointed, 
the Joint Committee shall hold its first 
meeting. 
(2) 
FREQUENCY.—The 
Joint 
Committee 
shall meet at the call of the co-chairs. 
(3) QUORUM.—A majority of the members of 
the Joint Committee shall constitute a 
quorum, but a lesser number of members 
may hold hearings. 
(4) VOTING.—No proxy voting shall be al-
lowed on behalf of the members of the Joint 
Committee. 
(e) ADMINISTRATION.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—To enable the Joint Com-
mittee to exercise its powers, functions, and 
duties, there are authorized to be disbursed 
by the Senate the actual and necessary ex-
penses of the Joint Committee approved by 
the co-chairs, subject to the rules and regu-
lations of the Senate. 
(2) EXPENSES.—In carrying out its func-
tions, the Joint Committee is authorized to 
incur expenses in the same manner and 
under the same conditions as the Joint Eco-
nomic Committee is authorized by section 11 
of Public Law 79–304 (15 U.S.C. 1024 (d)). 
(3) HEARINGS.— 
(A) IN
GENERAL.—The Joint Committee 
may, for the purpose of carrying out this sec-
tion, hold such hearings, sit and act at such 
times and places, require attendance of wit-
nesses and production of books, papers, and 
documents, take such testimony, receive 
such evidence, and administer such oaths as 
the Joint Committee considers advisable. 
(B) HEARING PROCEDURES AND RESPONSIBIL-
ITIES OF CO-CHAIRS.— 
(i) ANNOUNCEMENT.—The co-chairs of the 
Joint Committee shall make a public an-
nouncement of the date, place, time, and 
subject matter of any hearing to be con-
ducted, not less than 7 days in advance of 
such hearing, unless the co-chairs determine 
that there is good cause to begin such hear-
ing at an earlier date. 
(ii) WRITTEN
STATEMENT.—A witness ap-
pearing before the Joint Committee shall file 
a written statement of proposed testimony 
at least 2 calendar days before the appear-
ance of the witness, unless the requirement 
is waived by the co-chairs, following their 
determination that there is good cause for 
failure to comply with such requirement. 
(4) COOPERATION FROM FEDERAL AGENCIES.— 
(A) TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE.—Upon written 
request of the co-chairs, a Federal agency 
shall provide technical assistance to the 
Joint Committee in order for the Joint Com-
mittee to carry out its duties. 
(B) PROVISION OF INFORMATION.—The Sec-
retary of State, the Secretary of Defense, the 
Director of National Intelligence, the heads 
of the elements of the intelligence commu-
nity, the Secretary of Homeland Security, 
and the National Security Council shall ex-
peditiously respond to requests for informa-
tion related to compiling the report under 
subsection (c). 
(f) STAFF OF JOINT COMMITTEE.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The co-chairs of the Joint 
Committee may jointly appoint and fix the 
compensation of staff as they deem nec-
essary, within the guidelines for employees 
of the Senate and following all applicable 
rules and employment requirements of the 
Senate. 
(2) ETHICAL STANDARDS.—Members on the 
Joint Committee who serve in the House of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:57 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00038
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.038
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 84-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4979 
September 22, 2022 
Representatives shall be governed by the 
ethics rules and requirements of the House. 
Members of the Senate who serve on the 
Joint Committee and staff of the Joint Com-
mittee shall comply with the ethics rules of 
the Senate. 
(g) TERMINATION.—The Joint Committee 
shall terminate on the date that is one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(h) FUNDING.—Funding for the Joint Com-
mittee shall be derived in equal portions 
from— 
(1) the applicable accounts of the House of 
Representatives; and 
(2) the contingent fund of the Senate from 
the appropriations account ‘‘Miscellaneous 
Items’’, subject to the rules and regulations 
of the Senate. 
SA 5574. Mr. SCOTT of Florida sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be 
proposed to amendment SA 5499 sub-
mitted by Mr. REED (for himself and 
Mr. INHOFE) and intended to be pro-
posed to the bill H.R. 7900, to authorize 
appropriations for fiscal year 2023 for 
military activities of the Department 
of Defense, for military construction, 
and for defense activities of the De-
partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-
tary personnel strengths for such fiscal 
year, and for other purposes; which was 
ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title VIII, add the following: 
Subtitle F—American Security Drone Act of 
2022 
SEC. 881. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Amer-
ican Security Drone Act of 2022’’. 
SEC. 882. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: 
(1) COVERED
FOREIGN
ENTITY.—The term 
‘‘covered foreign entity’’ means an entity in-
cluded on a list developed and maintained by 
the Federal Acquisition Security Council. 
This list will include entities in the fol-
lowing categories: 
(A) An entity included on the Consolidated 
Screening List. 
(B) 
Any 
entity 
that 
is 
subject 
to 
extrajudicial direction from a foreign gov-
ernment, as determined by the Secretary of 
Homeland Security. 
(C) Any entity the Secretary of Homeland 
Security, in coordination with the Attorney 
General, Director of National Intelligence, 
and the Secretary of Defense, determines 
poses a national security risk. 
(D) Any entity domiciled in the People’s 
Republic of China or subject to influence or 
control by the Government of the People’s 
Republic of China or the Communist Party 
of the People’s Republic of China, as deter-
mined by the Secretary of Homeland Secu-
rity. 
(E) Any subsidiary or affiliate of an entity 
described in subparagraphs (A) through (D). 
(2) COVERED UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM.— 
The term ‘‘covered unmanned aircraft sys-
tem’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘un-
manned aircraft system’’ in section 44801 of 
title 49, United States Code. 
SEC. 883. PROHIBITION ON PROCUREMENT OF 
COVERED 
UNMANNED 
AIRCRAFT 
SYSTEMS FROM COVERED FOREIGN 
ENTITIES. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Except as provided under 
subsections (b) through (f), the head of an ex-
ecutive agency may not procure any covered 
unmanned aircraft system that is manufac-
tured or assembled by a covered foreign enti-
ty, which includes associated elements (con-
sisting of communication links and the com-
ponents that control the unmanned aircraft) 
that enable the operator to operate the air-
craft in the National Airspace System. The 
Federal Acquisition Security Council, in co-
ordination with the Secretary of Transpor-
tation, shall develop and update a list of as-
sociated elements. 
(b) EXEMPTION.—The Secretary of Home-
land Security, the Secretary of Defense, and 
the Attorney General are exempt from the 
restriction under subsection (a) if the pro-
curement— 
(1) is for the sole purposes of research, 
evaluation, training, testing, or analysis for 
electronic warfare, information warfare op-
erations, cybersecurity, or development of 
unmanned aircraft system or counter-un-
manned aircraft system technology; 
(2) is for the sole purposes of conducting 
counterterrorism or counterintelligence ac-
tivities, protective missions, or Federal 
criminal or national security investigations, 
including forensic examinations; 
(3) is an unmanned aircraft system that, as 
procured or as modified after procurement 
but before operational use, can no longer 
transfer to, or download data from, a covered 
foreign entity and otherwise poses no na-
tional security cybersecurity risks as deter-
mined by the exempting official; and 
(4) is required in the national interest of 
the United States. 
(c) DEPARTMENT
OF TRANSPORTATION EX-
EMPTION.—The Secretary of Transportation, 
in consultation with the Secretary of Home-
land Security, is exempt from the restriction 
under subsection (a) if the procurement is for 
research, evaluation, training, testing, or 
analysis purposes carried out by the Depart-
ment. 
(d) 
NATIONAL
TRANSPORTATION
SAFETY 
BOARD EXEMPTION.—The National Transpor-
tation Safety Board, in consultation with 
the Secretary of Homeland Security, is ex-
empt from the restriction under subsection 
(a) if the procurement is necessary for the 
sole purpose of conducting safety investiga-
tions. 
(e) NATIONAL
OCEANIC
AND
ATMOSPHERIC 
ADMINISTRATION EXEMPTION.—The Adminis-
trator of the National Oceanic and Atmos-
pheric Administration (NOAA), in consulta-
tion with the Secretary of Homeland Secu-
rity, is exempt from the restriction under 
subsection (a) if the procurement is nec-
essary for the purpose of meeting NOAA’s 
science or management objectives. 
(f) WAIVER.—The head of an executive 
agency may waive the prohibition under sub-
section (a) on a case-by-case basis— 
(1) with the approval of the Director of the 
Office of Management and Budget, after con-
sultation with the Federal Acquisition Secu-
rity Council; and 
(2) upon notification to— 
(A) the Committee on Homeland Security 
and Government Affairs of the Senate; 
(B) the Committee on Oversight and Re-
form in the House of Representatives; and 
(C) other appropriate congressional com-
mittees of jurisdiction. 
SEC. 884. PROHIBITION ON OPERATION OF COV-
ERED UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYS-
TEMS FROM COVERED FOREIGN EN-
TITIES. 
(a) PROHIBITION.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—Beginning on the date 
that is two years after the date of the enact-
ment of this Act, no Federal department or 
agency may operate a covered unmanned air-
craft system manufactured or assembled by 
a covered foreign entity. 
(2) APPLICABILITY
TO
CONTRACTED
SERV-
ICES.—The prohibition under paragraph (1) 
applies to any covered unmanned aircraft 
systems that are being used by any executive 
agency through the method of contracting 
for the services of covered unmanned aircraft 
systems. 
(b) EXEMPTION.—The Secretary of Home-
land Security, the Secretary of Defense, and 
the Attorney General are exempt from the 
restriction under subsection (a) if the oper-
ation— 
(1) is for the sole purposes of research, 
evaluation, training, testing, or analysis for 
electronic warfare, information warfare op-
erations, cybersecurity, or development of 
an unmanned aircraft system or counter-un-
manned aircraft system technology; 
(2) is for the sole purposes of conducting 
counterterrorism or counterintelligence ac-
tivities, protective missions, or Federal 
criminal or national security investigations, 
including forensic examinations; 
(3) is an unmanned aircraft system that, as 
procured or as modified after procurement 
but before operational use, can no longer 
transfer to, or download data from, a covered 
foreign entity and otherwise poses no na-
tional security cybersecurity risks as deter-
mined by the exempting official; and 
(4) is required in the national interest of 
the United States. 
(c) DEPARTMENT
OF TRANSPORTATION EX-
EMPTION.—The Secretary of Transportation, 
in consultation with the Secretary of Home-
land Security, is exempt from the restriction 
under subsection (a) if the procurement is for 
research, evaluation, training, testing, or 
analysis purposes carried out by the Depart-
ment. 
(d) 
NATIONAL
TRANSPORTATION
SAFETY 
BOARD EXEMPTION.—The National Transpor-
tation Safety Board, in consultation with 
the Secretary of Homeland Security, is ex-
empt from the restriction under subsection 
(a) if the procurement is necessary for the 
sole purpose of conducting safety investiga-
tions. 
(e) NATIONAL
OCEANIC
AND
ATMOSPHERIC 
ADMINISTRATION EXEMPTION.—The Adminis-
trator of the National Oceanic and Atmos-
pheric Administration (NOAA), in consulta-
tion with the Secretary of Homeland Secu-
rity, is exempt from the restriction under 
subsection (a) if the procurement is nec-
essary for the purpose of meeting NOAA’s 
science or management objectives. 
(f) WAIVER.—The head of an executive 
agency may waive the prohibition under sub-
section (a) on a case-by-case basis— 
(1) with the approval of the Director of the 
Office of Management and Budget, after con-
sultation with the Federal Acquisition Secu-
rity Council; and 
(2) upon notification to— 
(A) the Committee on Homeland Security 
and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; 
(B) the Committee on Oversight and Re-
form in the House of Representatives; and 
(C) other appropriate congressional com-
mittees of jurisdiction. 
(g) REGULATIONS AND GUIDANCE.—Not later 
than 180 days after the date of the enactment 
of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Secu-
rity, in consultation with the Attorney Gen-
eral shall prescribe regulations or guidance 
to implement this section. 
SEC. 885. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FEDERAL 
FUNDS FOR PURCHASES AND OPER-
ATION 
OF 
COVERED 
UNMANNED 
AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS FROM COVERED 
FOREIGN ENTITIES. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Beginning on the date 
that is two years after the date of the enact-
ment of this Act, except as provided in sub-
section 
(b), 
no 
Federal 
funds 
awarded 
through a contract, grant, or cooperative 
agreement, or otherwise made available may 
be used— 
(1) to purchase a covered unmanned air-
craft system that is manufactured or assem-
bled by a covered foreign entity; or 
(2) in connection with the operation of 
such a drone or unmanned aircraft system. 
(b) EXEMPTION.—A Federal department or 
agency is exempt from the restriction under 
subsection (a) if— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:57 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00039
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.038
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE
---

 -Page 85-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4980 
September 22, 2022 
(1) the contract, grant, or cooperative 
agreement was awarded prior to the date of 
the enactment of this Act; 
(2) the operation or purchase is for the sole 
purposes of research, evaluation, training, 
testing, or analysis for electronic warfare, 
information warfare operations, cybersecu-
rity, or development of an unmanned air-
craft system or counter-unmanned aircraft 
system technology; 
(3) the operation or purchase is for the sole 
purposes of conducting counterterrorism or 
counterintelligence 
activities, 
protective 
missions, or Federal criminal or national se-
curity investigations, including forensic ex-
aminations; 
(4) is an unmanned aircraft system that, as 
purchased or as modified after purchase but 
before operational use, can no longer trans-
fer to, or download data from, a covered for-
eign entity and otherwise poses no national 
security cybersecurity risks as determined 
by the exempting official; and 
(5) is required in the national interest of 
the United States. 
(c) DEPARTMENT
OF TRANSPORTATION EX-
EMPTION.—The Secretary of Transportation, 
in consultation with the Secretary of Home-
land Security, is exempt from the restriction 
under subsection (a) if the operation or pro-
curement is for research, evaluation, train-
ing, testing, or analysis purposes carried out 
by the Department deemed to support the 
safe, secure, or efficient operation of the Na-
tional Airspace System or maintenance of 
public safety. 
(d) NATIONAL
OCEANIC
AND
ATMOSPHERIC 
ADMINISTRATION EXEMPTION.—The Adminis-
trator of the National Oceanic and Atmos-
pheric Administration (NOAA), in consulta-
tion with the Secretary of Homeland Secu-
rity, is exempt from the restriction under 
subsection (a) if the operation or procure-
ment is necessary for the purpose of meeting 
NOAA’s science or management objectives. 
(e) WAIVER.—The head of an executive 
agency may waive the prohibition under sub-
section (a) on a case-by-case basis— 
(1) with the approval of the Director of the 
Office of Management and Budget, after con-
sultation with the Federal Acquisition Secu-
rity Council; and 
(2) upon notification to— 
(A) the Committee on Homeland Security 
and Government Affairs of the Senate; 
(B) the Committee on Oversight and Re-
form in the House of Representatives; and 
(C) other appropriate congressional com-
mittees of jurisdiction. 
(f) REGULATIONS.—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Federal Acquisition Regulatory Council 
shall prescribe regulations or guidance, as 
necessary, to implement the requirements of 
this section pertaining to Federal contracts. 
SEC. 886. PROHIBITION ON USE OF GOVERN-
MENT-ISSUED PURCHASE CARDS TO 
PURCHASE 
COVERED 
UNMANNED 
AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS FROM COVERED 
FOREIGN ENTITIES. 
Effective immediately, Government-issued 
Purchase Cards may not be used to procure 
any covered unmanned aircraft system from 
a covered foreign entity. 
SEC. 887. MANAGEMENT OF EXISTING INVEN-
TORIES OF COVERED UNMANNED 
AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS FROM COVERED 
FOREIGN ENTITIES. 
(a) IN
GENERAL.—All executive agencies 
must account for existing inventories of cov-
ered unmanned aircraft systems manufac-
tured or assembled by a covered foreign enti-
ty in their personal property accounting sys-
tems, within one year of the date of enact-
ment of this Act, regardless of the original 
procurement cost, or the purpose of procure-
ment due to the special monitoring and ac-
counting measures necessary to track the 
items’ capabilities. 
(b) CLASSIFIED TRACKING.—Due to the sen-
sitive nature of missions and operations con-
ducted by the United States Government, in-
ventory data related to covered unmanned 
aircraft systems manufactured or assembled 
by a covered foreign entity may be tracked 
at a classified level. 
(c) EXCEPTIONS.—The Department of De-
fense, Department of Homeland Security, 
Department of Justice, and Department of 
Transportation may exclude from the full in-
ventory process, covered unmanned aircraft 
systems that are deemed expendable due to 
mission risk such as recovery issues or that 
are one-time-use covered unmanned aircraft 
due to requirements and low cost. 
SEC. 888. COMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT. 
Not later than 275 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller 
General of the United States shall submit to 
Congress a report on the amount of commer-
cial off-the-shelf drones and covered un-
manned aircraft systems procured by Fed-
eral departments and agencies from covered 
foreign entities. 
SEC. 889. GOVERNMENT-WIDE POLICY FOR PRO-
CUREMENT 
OF 
UNMANNED 
AIR-
CRAFT SYSTEMS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Director of the Office of Management 
and Budget, in coordination with the Depart-
ment of Homeland Security, Department of 
Transportation, the Department of Justice, 
and other Departments as determined by the 
Director of the Office of Management and 
Budget, and in consultation with the Na-
tional Institute of Standards and Tech-
nology, shall establish a government-wide 
policy for the procurement of an unmanned 
aircraft system— 
(1) for non-Department of Defense and non- 
intelligence community operations; and 
(2) through grants and cooperative agree-
ments entered into with non-Federal enti-
ties. 
(b) INFORMATION SECURITY.—The policy de-
veloped under subsection (a) shall include 
the following specifications, which to the ex-
tent practicable, shall be based on industry 
standards and technical guidance from the 
National Institute of Standards and Tech-
nology, to address the risks associated with 
processing, storing, and transmitting Fed-
eral information in an unmanned aircraft 
system: 
(1) Protections to ensure controlled access 
to an unmanned aircraft system. 
(2) Protecting software, firmware, and 
hardware by ensuring changes to an un-
manned aircraft system are properly man-
aged, including by ensuring an unmanned 
aircraft system can be updated using a se-
cure, controlled, and configurable mecha-
nism. 
(3) Cryptographically securing sensitive 
collected, stored, and transmitted data, in-
cluding proper handling of privacy data and 
other controlled unclassified information. 
(4) Appropriate safeguards necessary to 
protect sensitive information, including dur-
ing and after use of an unmanned aircraft 
system. 
(5) Appropriate data security to ensure 
that data is not transmitted to or stored in 
non-approved locations. 
(6) The ability to opt out of the uploading, 
downloading, or transmitting of data that is 
not required by law or regulation and an 
ability to choose with whom and where in-
formation is shared when it is required. 
(c) REQUIREMENT.—The policy developed 
under subsection (a) shall reflect an appro-
priate risk-based approach to information 
security related to use of an unmanned air-
craft system. 
(d) 
REVISION
OF
ACQUISITION
REGULA-
TIONS.—Not later than 180 days after the date 
on which the policy required under sub-
section (a) is issued— 
(1) the Federal Acquisition Regulatory 
Council shall revise the Federal Acquisition 
Regulation, as necessary, to implement the 
policy; and 
(2) any Federal department or agency or 
other Federal entity not subject to, or not 
subject solely to, the Federal Acquisition 
Regulation shall revise applicable policy, 
guidance, or regulations, as necessary, to im-
plement the policy. 
(e) EXEMPTION.—In developing the policy 
required under subsection (a), the Director of 
the Office of Management and Budget shall— 
(1) incorporate policies to implement the 
exemptions contained in this subtitle; and 
(2) incorporate an exemption to the policy 
in the case of a head of the procuring depart-
ment or agency determining, in writing, that 
no product that complies with the informa-
tion security requirements described in sub-
section (b) is capable of fulfilling mission 
critical performance requirements, and such 
determination— 
(A) may not be delegated below the level of 
the Deputy Secretary, or Administrator, of 
the procuring department or agency; 
(B) shall specify— 
(i) the quantity of end items to which the 
waiver applies and the procurement value of 
those items; and 
(ii) the time period over which the waiver 
applies, which shall not exceed three years; 
(C) shall be reported to the Office of Man-
agement and Budget following issuance of 
such a determination; and 
(D) not later than 30 days after the date on 
which the determination is made, shall be 
provided to the Committee on Homeland Se-
curity and Governmental Affairs of the Sen-
ate and the Committee on Oversight and Re-
form of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 890. STATE, LOCAL, TERRITORIAL, AND 
TRIBAL LAW ENFORCEMENT AND 
EMERGENCY SERVICE EXEMPTION. 
(a) RULE
OF
CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in 
this subtitle shall prevent a State, local, ter-
ritorial, or Tribal law enforcement or emer-
gency service agency from procuring or oper-
ating a covered unmanned aircraft system 
purchased with non-Federal dollars. 
(b) CONTINUITY
OF
ARRANGEMENTS.—The 
Federal Government may continue entering 
into 
contracts, 
grants, 
and 
cooperative 
agreements or other Federal funding instru-
ments with State, local, territorial, or Tribal 
law enforcement or emergency service agen-
cies under which a covered unmanned air-
craft system will be purchased or operated if 
the agency has received approval or waiver 
to purchase or operate a covered unmanned 
aircraft system pursuant to section 885. 
SEC. 891. STUDY. 
(a) STUDY ON THE SUPPLY CHAIN FOR UN-
MANNED
AIRCRAFT
SYSTEMS
AND
COMPO-
NENTS.— 
(1) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Ac-
quisition and Sustainment shall provide to 
the appropriate congressional committees a 
report on the supply chain for covered un-
manned aircraft systems, including a discus-
sion of current and projected future demand 
for covered unmanned aircraft systems. 
(2) ELEMENTS.—The report under paragraph 
(1) shall include the following: 
(A) A description of the current and future 
global and domestic market for covered un-
manned aircraft systems that are not widely 
commercially available except from a cov-
ered foreign entity. 
(B) A description of the sustainability, 
availability, cost, and quality of secure 
sources of covered unmanned aircraft sys-
tems domestically and from sources in allied 
and partner countries. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:57 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00040
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.037
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 86-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4981 
September 22, 2022 
(C) The plan of the Secretary of Defense to 
address any gaps or deficiencies identified in 
subparagraph (B), including through the use 
of funds available under the Defense Produc-
tion Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4501 et seq.) and 
partnerships with the National Aeronautics 
and Space Administration and other inter-
ested persons. 
(D) Such other information as the Under 
Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and 
Sustainment determines to be appropriate. 
(3) APPROPRIATE
CONGRESSIONAL
COMMIT-
TEES.—In this section the term ‘‘appropriate 
congressional committees’’ means: 
(A) The Committees on Armed Services of 
the Senate and the House of Representatives. 
(B) The Committee on Homeland Security 
and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and 
the Committee on Oversight and Reform of 
the House of Representatives. 
(C) The Committee on Commerce, Science, 
and Transportation of the Senate and the 
Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-
nology of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 892. SUNSET. 
Sections 883, 884, and 885 shall cease to 
have effect on the date that is five years 
after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 5575. Mrs. MURRAY (for herself 
and Mr. MORAN) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll. ANNUITY SUPPLEMENT. 
Section 8421a(c) of title 5, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘as an air traffic’’ and in-
serting the following: ‘‘as an— 
‘‘(1) air traffic’’; 
(2) in paragraph (1), as so designated, by 
striking the period at the end and inserting 
‘‘; or’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(2) air traffic controller pursuant to a 
contract made with the Secretary of Trans-
portation under section 47124 of title 49.’’. 
SA 5576. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1276. PROCESS FOR EXCLUSIONS FROM DU-
TIES UNDER SECTION 301 OF THE 
TRADE ACT OF 1974. 
Section 305 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 
U.S.C. 2415) is amended by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(c) PROCESS OF ISSUING EXCLUSIONS FROM 
DUTIES.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this sub-
section, the Trade Representative shall es-
tablish and maintain a process for— 
‘‘(A) issuing exclusions from duties im-
posed under section 301 for articles subject to 
such duties; and 
‘‘(B) renewing such exclusions in a timely 
manner. 
‘‘(2) PRODUCT-WIDE APPLICATION.—An exclu-
sion issued or renewed under paragraph (1) 
with respect to an article shall apply with-
out regard to the importer of the article.’’. 
SA 5577. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title V, add the 
following: 
SEC. 575. BACKGROUND CHECKS FOR EMPLOY-
EES OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
DEPENDENT SCHOOLS. 
(a) BACKGROUND CHECKS.—Not later than 2 
years after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, each covered local educational agency 
and each Department of Defense domestic 
dependent elementary and secondary school 
established pursuant to section 2164 of title 
10, United States Code, shall have in effect 
policies and procedures that— 
(1) require that a criminal background 
check be conducted for each school employee 
of the agency or school, respectively, that 
includes— 
(A) a search of the State criminal registry 
or repository of the State in which the 
school employee resides; 
(B) a search of State-based child abuse and 
neglect registries and databases of the State 
in which the school employee resides; 
(C) a Federal Bureau of Investigation fin-
gerprint check using the Integrated Auto-
mated Fingerprint Identification System; 
and 
(D) a search of the National Sex Offender 
Registry established under section 119 of the 
Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act 
of 2006 (34 U.S.C. 20921); 
(2) prohibit the employment of a school 
employee as a school employee at the agency 
or school, respectively, if such employee— 
(A) refuses to consent to a criminal back-
ground check under paragraph (1); 
(B) makes a false statement in connection 
with such criminal background check; 
(C) has been convicted of a felony con-
sisting of— 
(i) murder; 
(ii) child abuse or neglect; 
(iii) a crime against children, including 
child pornography; 
(iv) spousal abuse; 
(v) a crime involving rape or sexual as-
sault; 
(vi) kidnapping; 
(vii) arson; or 
(viii) physical assault, battery, or a drug- 
related offense, committed on or after the 
date that is 5 years before the date of such 
employee’s criminal background check under 
paragraph (1); or 
(D) has been convicted of any other crime 
that is a violent or sexual crime against a 
minor; 
(3) require that each criminal background 
check conducted under paragraph (1) be peri-
odically repeated or updated in accordance 
with policies established by the covered local 
educational agency or the Department of De-
fense (in the case of a Department of Defense 
domestic dependent elementary and sec-
ondary school established pursuant to sec-
tion 2164 of title 10, United States Code); 
(4) upon request, provide each school em-
ployee who has had a criminal background 
check under paragraph (1) with a copy of the 
results of the criminal background check; 
(5) provide for a timely process, by which a 
school employee of the school or agency may 
appeal, but which does not permit the em-
ployee to be employed as a school employee 
during such appeal, the results of a criminal 
background check conducted under para-
graph (1) which prohibit the employee from 
being employed as a school employee under 
paragraph (2) to— 
(A) challenge the accuracy or completeness 
of the information produced by such crimi-
nal background check; and 
(B) establish or reestablish eligibility to be 
hired or reinstated as a school employee by 
demonstrating that the information is mate-
rially inaccurate or incomplete, and has 
been corrected; and 
(6) allow the covered local educational 
agency or school, as the case may be, to 
share the results of a school employee’s 
criminal background check recently con-
ducted under paragraph (1) with another 
local educational agency that is considering 
such school employee for employment as a 
school employee. 
(b) FEES
FOR
BACKGROUND
CHECKS.—The 
Attorney General, attorney general of a 
State, or other State law enforcement offi-
cial may charge reasonable fees for con-
ducting a criminal background check under 
subsection (a)(1), but such fees shall not ex-
ceed the actual costs for the processing and 
administration of the criminal background 
check. 
(c) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) COVERED LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY.— 
The term ‘‘covered local educational agen-
cy’’ means a local educational agency that 
receives funds under subsection (b) or (d) of 
section 7003, or section 7007, of the Elemen-
tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 
U.S.C. 7703, 7707). 
(2) SCHOOL
EMPLOYEE.—The term ‘‘school 
employee’’ means— 
(A) a person who— 
(i) is an employee of, or is seeking employ-
ment with— 
(I) a covered local educational agency; or 
(II) a Department of Defense domestic de-
pendent elementary and secondary school es-
tablished pursuant to section 2164 of title 10, 
United States Code, such elementary and 
secondary school; and 
(ii) as a result of such employment, has (or 
will have) a job duty that results in unsuper-
vised access to elementary school or sec-
ondary school students; or 
(B)(i) any person, or an employee of any 
person, who has a contract or agreement to 
provide services to a covered local edu-
cational agency or a Department of Defense 
domestic dependent elementary and sec-
ondary school established pursuant to sec-
tion 2164 of title 10, United States Code; and 
(ii) such person or employee, as a result of 
such contract or agreement, has a job duty 
that results in unsupervised access to ele-
mentary school or secondary school stu-
dents. 
SA 5578. Mr. CORNYN (for himself, 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE, Mr. HAGERTY, and 
Mrs. FISCHER) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:57 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00041
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.037
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 87-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4982 
September 22, 2022 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll. TREATMENT OF EXEMPTIONS UNDER 
FARA. 
(a) LIMITATION ON EXEMPTIONS.—Section 3 
of the Foreign Agents Registration Act of 
1938, as amended (22 U.S.C. 613), is amended, 
in the matter preceding subsection (a), by in-
serting ‘‘, except that the exemptions under 
subsections (d)(1) and (h) shall not apply to 
any agent of a foreign principal that is listed 
as a foreign adversary (as defined in section 
8(c) of the Secure and Trusted Communica-
tions Networks Act of 2019 (47 U.S.C. 1607(c))) 
in accordance with that Act’’ before the 
colon. 
(b) NATIONAL TELECOMMUNICATIONS AND IN-
FORMATION ADMINISTRATION PROGRAM MODI-
FICATION.—Section 8(a) of the Secure and 
Trusted Communications Networks Act of 
2019 (47 U.S.C. 1607(a)) is amended by adding 
at the end the following: 
‘‘(4) 
INFORMATION
ON
FOREIGN
ADVER-
SARIES.—Notwithstanding paragraph (3), the 
Secretary of Commerce shall periodically 
submit to the Attorney General a list of, and 
any relevant information relating to, each 
foreign adversary identified for purposes of 
the program established under paragraph 
(1).’’. 
SA 5579. Mr. CORNYN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1077. PURCHASE OF RETIRED HANDGUNS BY 
FEDERAL LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFI-
CERS. 
(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) the term ‘‘Federal law enforcement offi-
cer’’ has the meaning given that term in sec-
tion 115(c)(1) of title 18, United States Code; 
(2) the term ‘‘handgun’’ has the meaning 
given that term in section 921(a) of title 18, 
United States Code; and 
(3) the term ‘‘retired handgun’’ means any 
handgun that has been declared surplus by 
the applicable agency. 
(b) AUTHORIZATION.—A Federal law enforce-
ment officer may purchase a retired handgun 
from the Federal agency that issued the 
handgun to such officer. 
(c) LIMITATIONS.—A Federal law enforce-
ment officer may purchase a retired handgun 
under subsection (b) if— 
(1) the purchase is made during the 6- 
month period beginning on the date the 
handgun was so retired; and 
(2) the officer is not prohibited from pos-
sessing or receiving the handgun under the 
laws of the United States or the laws of the 
State, territory, or possession of the United 
States in which the officer resides. 
(d) COST.—A handgun purchased under this 
section shall be sold at the fair market value 
for such handgun taking into account the 
age and condition of the handgun. 
(e) POLICY GUIDANCE.—The Administrator 
of General Services shall develop policies to 
facilitate the sale and disposition of eligible 
handguns under this section consistent with 
section 922 of title 18, United States Code. 
SA 5580. Mr. CORNYN (for himself 
and Mrs. FEINSTEIN) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title III, add the 
following: 
SEC. 357. USE OF AMOUNTS AVAILABLE TO DE-
PARTMENT OF DEFENSE FOR OPER-
ATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR RE-
MOVAL OF MUNITIONS AND EXPLO-
SIVES OF CONCERN IN GUAM. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense 
may use amounts available to the Depart-
ment of Defense for operation and mainte-
nance to remove munitions and explosives of 
concern 
from 
military 
installations 
in 
Guam. 
(b) MONITORING
OF
REMOVAL.—The Sec-
retary shall monitor and assess the removal 
by the Department of munitions and explo-
sives of concern from military installations 
in Guam and shall constantly update proc-
esses for such removal to mitigate any issues 
relating to such removal. 
(c) REPORT ON AMOUNTS NECESSARY.—Not 
later than 180 days after the date of the en-
actment of this Act, the Secretary of De-
fense shall submit to the appropriate con-
gressional committees a report indicating 
the amounts necessary to conduct removal 
of munitions and explosives of concern from 
military installations in Guam. 
(d) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) APPROPRIATE
CONGRESSIONAL
COMMIT-
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional 
committees’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Subcommittee on Defense of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Subcommittee on Defense of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations of the House of 
Representatives. 
(2) MUNITIONS
AND
EXPLOSIVES
OF
CON-
CERN.—The term ‘‘munitions and explosives 
of concern’’ has the meaning given that term 
in section 179.3 of title 32, Code of Federal 
Regulations, or successor regulations. 
SA 5581. Mr. CORNYN (for himself, 
Mrs. SHAHEEN, Mr. TILLIS, Mr. KING, 
Ms. HASSAN, Mr. PETERS, Mr. GRAHAM, 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL, and Mr. RUBIO) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be 
proposed to amendment SA 5499 sub-
mitted by Mr. REED (for himself and 
Mr. INHOFE) and intended to be pro-
posed to the bill H.R. 7900, to authorize 
appropriations for fiscal year 2023 for 
military activities of the Department 
of Defense, for military construction, 
and for defense activities of the De-
partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-
tary personnel strengths for such fiscal 
year, and for other purposes; which was 
ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VIII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 829. EMERGENCY ACQUISITION AUTHORITY. 
Section 3204 of title 10, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— 
(A) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and 
inserting a semicolon; 
(B) in paragraph (7), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(8) the head of the agency— 
‘‘(A) determines that the use of procedures 
other than competitive procedures is nec-
essary to— 
‘‘(i) replenish United States stockpiles 
with like defense articles when those stock-
piles are diminished as a result of the United 
States providing defense articles in response 
to an armed attack, by a foreign adversary 
of the United States (as that term is defined 
in section 8(c) of the Secure and Trusted 
Communications Networks Act of 2019 (47 
U.S.C. 1607(c))) against— 
‘‘(I) a United States ally (as that term is 
defined in section 201(d) of the Act of Decem-
ber 2, 1942, entitled, ‘To provide benefits for 
the injury, disability, death, or enemy deten-
tion of employees of contractors with the 
United States, and for other purposes’ (56 
Stat. 1028, chapter 668; 42 U.S.C. 1711(d))); or 
‘‘(II) a United States partner; or 
‘‘(ii) to contract for the movement or de-
livery of defense articles transferred to such 
ally or partner through the President’s draw-
down authorities in connection with such re-
sponse; 
provided that the United States is not a 
party to the hostilities; and 
‘‘(B) submits to the congressional defense 
committees written notification of the use of 
such procedures within one week after such 
use.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (e)(1), by striking ‘‘and 
(7)’’ and inserting ‘‘(7), and (8)’’. 
SA 5582. Mr. CORNYN (for himself 
and Mr. PETERS) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title IX, add the 
following: 
SEC. 916. CLARIFICATION OF ROLES AND RE-
SPONSIBILITIES FOR FORCE MOD-
ERNIZATION 
EFFORTS 
OF 
THE 
ARMY. 
(a) PLAN REQUIRED.—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Secretary of the Army shall submit 
to the Committees on Armed Services of the 
Senate and the House of Representatives a 
plan that comprehensively defines the roles 
and responsibilities of officials and organiza-
tions of the Army with respect to the force 
modernization efforts of the Army. 
(b) ELEMENTS.—The plan required under 
subsection (a) shall— 
(1) identify the official within the Army 
who shall have primary responsibility for the 
force modernization efforts of the Army, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:57 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00042
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.039
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 88-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4983 
September 22, 2022 
specify the roles, responsibilities, and au-
thorities of that official; 
(2) clearly define the roles, responsibilities, 
and authorities of the Army Futures Com-
mand and the Assistant Secretary of the 
Army for Acquisition, Logistics, and Tech-
nology with respect to such efforts; 
(3) clarify the roles, responsibilities, and 
authorities of officials and organizations of 
the Army with respect to acquisition in sup-
port of such efforts; and 
(4) include such other information as the 
Secretary of the Army determines appro-
priate. 
(c) ROLE OF ARMY FUTURES COMMAND.—In 
the event the Secretary of the Army does 
not submit the plan required under sub-
section (a) by the expiration of the 180-day 
period specified in such subsection, then be-
ginning at the expiration of such period— 
(1) the Commanding General of the Army 
Futures Command shall have the roles, re-
sponsibilities, and authorities assigned to 
the Commanding General pursuant to Army 
Directive 
2020–15 
(‘‘Achieving 
Persistent 
Modernization’’) as in effect on November 16, 
2020; and 
(2) any provision of Army Directive 2022–07 
(‘‘Army Modernization Roles and Respon-
sibilities’’), or any successor directive, that 
modifies or contravenes a provision of the di-
rective specified in paragraph (1) shall have 
no force or effect. 
SA 5583. Mr. CORNYN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1276. PROTECTING AMERICA FROM NAR-
COTICS AND ILLICIT CHEMICALS. 
(a) SHORT TITLES.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Protecting America from Nar-
cotics and Illicit Chemicals Act of 2022’’ or 
the ‘‘PANIC Act of 2022’’. 
(b) MODIFIED DEFINITION OF MAJOR ILLICIT 
DRUG PRODUCING COUNTRY.—Section 481(e) of 
the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 
2291(e)(2)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2)— 
(A) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘or’’ 
at the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (D), by adding ‘‘or’’ at 
the end; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(E) that is a significant direct source of 
covered synthetic drugs, psychotropic drugs, 
or other controlled substances, including 
precursor chemicals, when those precursor 
chemicals are used in the production of such 
drugs and substances, significantly affecting 
the United States;’’; 
(2) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and 
inserting a semicolon; 
(3) in paragraph (8), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(9) the term ‘covered synthetic drug’ 
means— 
‘‘(A) a synthetic controlled substance (as 
defined in section 102(6) of the Controlled 
Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802(6))), including 
fentanyl or a fentanyl analogue; or 
‘‘(B) a new psychoactive substance.’’. 
SA 5584. Mr. CORNYN (for himself 
and Mr. KING) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1239. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RE-
SPECT TO THE SALE, SUPPLY, OR 
TRANSFER OF GOLD TO OR FROM 
RUSSIA. 
(a) IDENTIFICATION.—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
and periodically as necessary thereafter, the 
President— 
(1) shall submit to Congress a report iden-
tifying foreign persons that knowingly par-
ticipated in a significant transaction— 
(A) for the sale, supply, or transfer (includ-
ing transportation) of gold, directly or indi-
rectly, to or from the Russian Federation or 
the Government of the Russian Federation, 
including from reserves of the Central Bank 
of the Russian Federation held outside the 
Russian Federation; or 
(B) that otherwise involved gold in which 
the Government of the Russian Federation 
had any interest; and 
(2) shall impose the sanctions described in 
subsection (b)(1) with respect to each such 
person; and 
(3) may impose the sanctions described in 
subsection (b)(2) with respect to any such 
person that is an alien. 
(b) SANCTIONS DESCRIBED.—The sanctions 
described in this subsection are the fol-
lowing: 
(1) BLOCKING OF PROPERTY.—The exercise of 
all powers granted to the President by the 
International Emergency Economic Powers 
Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) to the extent nec-
essary to block and prohibit all transactions 
in all property and interests in property of a 
foreign person identified in the report re-
quired by subsection (a)(1) if such property 
and interests in property are in the United 
States, come within the United States, or 
are or come within the possession or control 
of a United States person. 
(2) INELIGIBILITY FOR VISAS, ADMISSION, OR 
PAROLE.— 
(A) VISAS, ADMISSION, OR PAROLE.—An alien 
described in subsection (a)(1) may be— 
(i) inadmissible to the United States; 
(ii) ineligible to receive a visa or other doc-
umentation to enter the United States; and 
(iii) otherwise ineligible to be admitted or 
paroled into the United States or to receive 
any other benefit under the Immigration and 
Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.). 
(B) CURRENT VISAS REVOKED.— 
(i) IN GENERAL.—An alien described in sub-
section (a)(1) may be subject to revocation of 
any visa or other entry documentation re-
gardless of when the visa or other entry doc-
umentation is or was issued. 
(ii) 
IMMEDIATE
EFFECT.—A 
revocation 
under clause (i) shall— 
(I) take effect pursuant to section 221(i) of 
the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 
U.S.C. 1201(i)); and 
(II) cancel any other valid visa or entry 
documentation that is in the alien’s posses-
sion. 
(c) IMPLEMENTATION; PENALTIES.— 
(1) IMPLEMENTATION.—The President may 
exercise all authorities provided under sec-
tions 203 and 205 of the International Emer-
gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1702 
and 1704) to carry out this section. 
(2) PENALTIES.—A person that violates, at-
tempts to violate, conspires to violate, or 
causes a violation of this section or any reg-
ulation, license, or order issued to carry out 
this section shall be subject to the penalties 
set forth in subsections (b) and (c) of section 
206 of the International Emergency Eco-
nomic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705) to the 
same extent as a person that commits an un-
lawful act described in subsection (a) of that 
section. 
(d) 
NATIONAL
INTEREST
WAIVER.—The 
President may waive the imposition of sanc-
tions under this section with respect to a 
person if the President— 
(1) determines that such a waiver is in the 
national interests of the United States; and 
(2) submits to Congress a notification of 
the waiver and the reasons for the waiver. 
(e) TERMINATION.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), the requirement to impose 
sanctions under this section, and any sanc-
tions imposed under this section, shall ter-
minate on the earlier of— 
(A) the date that is 3 years after the date 
of the enactment of this Act; or 
(B) the date that is 30 days after the date 
on which the President certifies to Congress 
that— 
(i) the Government of the Russian Federa-
tion has ceased its destabilizing activities 
with respect to the sovereignty and terri-
torial integrity of Ukraine; and 
(ii) such termination in the national inter-
ests of the United States. 
(2) TRANSITION RULES.— 
(A) CONTINUATION
OF
CERTAIN
AUTHORI-
TIES.—Any authorities exercised before the 
termination date under paragraph (1) to im-
pose sanctions with respect to a foreign per-
son under this section may continue to be 
exercised on and after that date if the Presi-
dent determines that the continuation of 
those authorities is in the national interests 
of the United States. 
(B) APPLICATION
TO
ONGOING
INVESTIGA-
TIONS.—The termination date under para-
graph (1) shall not apply to any investigation 
of a civil or criminal violation of this section 
or any regulation, license, or order issued to 
carry out this section, or the imposition of a 
civil or criminal penalty for such a viola-
tion, if— 
(i) the violation occurred before the termi-
nation date; or 
(ii) the person involved in the violation 
continues to be subject to sanctions pursu-
ant to subparagraph (A). 
(f) EXCEPTIONS.— 
(1) EXCEPTIONS
FOR
AUTHORIZED
INTEL-
LIGENCE AND LAW ENFORCEMENT ACTIVITIES.— 
This section shall not apply with respect to 
activities subject to the reporting require-
ments under title V of the National Security 
Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3091 et seq.) or any au-
thorized intelligence or law enforcement ac-
tivities of the United States. 
(2) EXCEPTION
TO
COMPLY
WITH
INTER-
NATIONAL
AGREEMENTS.—Sanctions 
under 
subsection (b)(2) may not apply with respect 
to the admission of an alien to the United 
States if such admission is necessary to com-
ply with the obligations of the United States 
under the Agreement regarding the Head-
quarters of the United Nations, signed at 
Lake Success June 26, 1947, and entered into 
force November 21, 1947, between the United 
Nations and the United States, or the Con-
vention on Consular Relations, done at Vi-
enna April 24, 1963, and entered into force 
March 19, 1967, or other international obliga-
tions. 
(3) HUMANITARIAN
EXEMPTION.—The Presi-
dent shall not impose sanctions under this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:57 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00043
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.041
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE
---

 -Page 89-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4984 
September 22, 2022 
section with respect to any person for con-
ducting or facilitating a transaction for the 
sale of agricultural commodities, food, medi-
cine, or medical devices or for the provision 
of humanitarian assistance. 
(4) EXCEPTION RELATING TO IMPORTATION OF 
GOODS.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—The requirement or au-
thority to impose sanctions under this sec-
tion shall not include the authority or a re-
quirement to impose sanctions on the impor-
tation of goods. 
(B) GOOD DEFINED.—In this paragraph, the 
term ‘‘good’’ means any article, natural or 
manmade substance, material, supply, or 
manufactured product, including inspection 
and test equipment, and excluding technical 
data. 
(g) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) The terms ‘‘admission’’, ‘‘admitted’’, 
‘‘alien’’, and ‘‘lawfully admitted for perma-
nent residence’’ have the meanings given 
those terms in section 101 of the Immigra-
tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101). 
(2) The term ‘‘foreign person’’ means an in-
dividual or entity that is not a United States 
person. 
(3) The term ‘‘knowingly’’, with respect to 
conduct, a circumstance, or a result, means 
that a person has actual knowledge, or 
should have known, of the conduct, the cir-
cumstance, or the result. 
(4) The term ‘‘United States person’’ 
means— 
(A) a United States citizen or an alien law-
fully admitted for permanent residence to 
the United States; 
(B) an entity organized under the laws of 
the United States or any jurisdiction within 
the United States, including a foreign branch 
of such an entity; or 
(C) any person in the United States. 
SA 5585. Mr. CORNYN (for himself, 
Mrs. GILLIBRAND, Mr. BLUMENTHAL, Mr. 
BOOZMAN, Mr. TILLIS, Mrs. SHAHEEN, 
Mr. KAINE, and Ms. COLLINS) submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed 
to amendment SA 5499 submitted by 
Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) 
and intended to be proposed to the bill 
H.R. 7900, to authorize appropriations 
for fiscal year 2023 for military activi-
ties of the Department of Defense, for 
military construction, and for defense 
activities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1239. UNITED STATES EFFORTS WITH RE-
SPECT TO WAR CRIMES AND OTHER 
ATROCITIES 
COMMITTED 
DURING 
RUSSIAN INVASION OF UKRAINE. 
(a) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) in its premeditated, unprovoked, un-
justified, and unlawful full-scale invasion of 
Ukraine that commenced on February 24, 
2022, the military of the Government of the 
Russian Federation under the direction of 
President Vladimir Putin has committed war 
crimes that include— 
(A) the deliberate targeting of civilians 
and injuring or killing of noncombatants; 
(B) the deliberate targeting and attacking 
of hospitals, schools, and other non-military 
buildings dedicated to religion, art, science, 
or charitable purposes, such as the bombing 
of a theater in Mariupol that served as a 
shelter for noncombatants and had the word 
‘‘children’’ written clearly in the Russian 
language outside; 
(C) the indiscriminate bombardment of 
undefended dwellings and buildings; 
(D) the wanton destruction of property not 
justified by military necessity; 
(E) unlawful civilian deportations; 
(F) the taking of hostages; and 
(G) rape, or sexual assault or abuse; 
(2) the use of chemical weapons by the 
Government of the Russian Federation in 
Ukraine would constitute a war crime, and 
engaging in any military preparations to use 
chemical weapons or to develop, produce, 
stockpile, or retain chemical weapons is pro-
hibited by the Chemical Weapons Conven-
tion, to which the Russian Federation is a 
signatory; 
(3) Vladimir Putin has a long record of 
committing acts of aggression, systematic 
abuses of human rights, and acts that con-
stitute war crimes or other atrocities both 
at home and abroad, and the brutality and 
scale of these actions, including in the Rus-
sian Federation republic of Chechnya, Geor-
gia, Syria, and Ukraine, demonstrate the ex-
tent to which his regime is willing to flout 
international norms and values in the pur-
suit of its objectives; 
(4) Vladimir Putin has previously sanc-
tioned the use of chemical weapons at home 
and abroad, including in the poisonings of 
Russian spy turned double agent Sergei 
Skripal and his daughter Yulia and leading 
Russian opposition figure Aleksey Navalny, 
and aided and abetted the use of chemical 
weapons by President Bashar al-Assad in 
Syria; and 
(5) in 2014, the Government of the Russian 
Federation initiated its unprovoked war of 
aggression against Ukraine which resulted in 
its illegal occupation of Crimea, the unrec-
ognized declaration of independence by the 
so-called ‘‘Donetsk People’s Republic’’ and 
‘‘Luhansk People’s Republic’’ by Russia- 
backed proxies, and numerous human rights 
violations and deaths of civilians in Ukraine. 
(b) STATEMENT OF POLICY.—It is the policy 
of the United States— 
(1) to collect, analyze, and preserve evi-
dence and information related to war crimes 
and other atrocities committed during the 
full-scale Russian invasion of Ukraine that 
began on February 24, 2022, for use in appro-
priate domestic, foreign, and international 
courts and tribunals prosecuting those re-
sponsible for such crimes; 
(2) to help deter the commission of war 
crimes and other atrocities in Ukraine by 
publicizing to the maximum possible extent, 
including among Russian and other foreign 
military commanders and troops in Ukraine, 
efforts to identify and prosecute those re-
sponsible for the commission of war crimes 
during the full-scale Russian invasion of 
Ukraine that began on February 24, 2022; and 
(3) to continue efforts to identify, deter, 
and pursue accountability for war crimes 
and other atrocities committed around the 
world and by other perpetrators, and to le-
verage international cooperation and best 
practices in this regard with respect to the 
current situation in Ukraine. 
(c) REPORT ON UNITED STATES EFFORTS.— 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, and consistent with 
the protection of intelligence sources and 
methods, the President shall submit to the 
appropriate congressional committees a re-
port, which may include a classified annex, 
describing in detail the following: 
(1) United States Government efforts to 
collect, analyze, and preserve evidence and 
information related to war crimes and other 
atrocities committed during the full-scale 
Russian invasion of Ukraine since February 
24, 2022, including a description of— 
(A) the respective roles of various agencies, 
departments, and offices, and the inter-
agency mechanism established for the co-
ordination of such efforts; 
(B) the types of information and evidence 
that are being collected, analyzed, and pre-
served to help identify those responsible for 
the commission of war crimes or other atroc-
ities during the full-scale Russian invasion 
of Ukraine in 2022; and 
(C) steps taken to coordinate with, and 
support the work of, allies, partners, inter-
national institutions and organizations, and 
nongovernmental organizations in such ef-
forts. 
(2) Media, public diplomacy, and informa-
tion operations to make Russian military 
commanders, troops, political leaders, and 
the Russian people aware of efforts to iden-
tify and prosecute those responsible for the 
commission of war crimes or other atrocities 
during the full-scale Russian invasion of 
Ukraine in 2022, and of the types of acts that 
may be prosecutable. 
(3) The process for a domestic, foreign, or 
international court or tribunal to request 
and obtain from the United States Govern-
ment information related to war crimes or 
other atrocities committed during the full- 
scale Russian invasion of Ukraine in 2022. 
(d) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) APPROPRIATE
CONGRESSIONAL
COMMIT-
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional 
committees’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Foreign Relations, 
the Committee on the Judiciary, and the Se-
lect Committee on Intelligence of the Sen-
ate; and 
(B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the 
Committee on the Judiciary, and the Perma-
nent Select Committee on Intelligence of the 
House of Representatives. 
(2) ATROCITIES.—The term ‘‘atrocities’’ has 
the meaning given that term in section 6(2) 
of the Elie Wiesel Genocide and Atrocities 
Prevention Act of 2018 (Public Law 115–441; 22 
U.S.C. 2656 note). 
(3) WAR CRIME.—The term ‘‘war crime’’ has 
the meaning given that term in section 
2441(c) of title 18, United States Code. 
SA 5586. Mr. CORNYN (for himself 
and Mr. KING) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1239. STRATEGY TO COUNTER RUSSIAN EN-
ERGY INFLUENCE GLOBALLY. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary of State, in consultation with 
the Secretary of Energy and the heads of 
other relevant Federal departments and 
agencies, shall submit to Congress a report 
evaluating how Federal laws and authorities 
available as of the date of the enactment of 
this Act can be used to counter Russian en-
ergy influence globally. 
(b) STRATEGY.—The report required under 
subsection (a) shall include a strategy to re-
duce or replace the Russian Federation’s 
supply of energy products in global markets, 
including a plan for cooperation and coordi-
nation with United States allies and part-
ners to counter Russian energy influence. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:57 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00044
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.041
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 90-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4985 
September 22, 2022 
SA 5587. Mr. CORNYN (for himself 
and Mr. KING) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1064. STUDY OF THE PROGRAMS, ACQUISI-
TIONS, AND BUDGET OF THE DE-
PARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense 
shall seek to enter into an arrangement with 
a federally funded research and development 
center under which the center will— 
(1) conduct a study of the programs, acqui-
sitions, and budget of the Department of De-
fense; and 
(2) make recommendations with respect to 
how the Department can ensure that pro-
gram development cycles and acquisition of 
new technologies within the Department can 
best keep pace with the increasing rate at 
which technologies acquired for programs of 
the Department become outdated or are re-
placed by new technologies. 
(b) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than one 
year after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress 
a report on the study required by subsection 
(a). 
SA 5588. Mr. LEAHY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 601, strike lines 6 and 7 and insert 
the following: 
striking ‘‘fiscal year 2022’’ and inserting 
‘‘each of fiscal years 2023 through 2030’’. 
SA 5589. Mr. TOOMEY (for himself 
and Mr. CARPER) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1276. EXCLUSION OF IMPOSITION OF DUTIES 
AND IMPORT QUOTAS FROM PRESI-
DENTIAL 
AUTHORITIES 
UNDER 
INTERNATIONAL EMERGENCY ECO-
NOMIC POWERS ACT. 
Section 203 of the International Emergency 
Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1702) is 
amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-
section (d); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(c)(1) The authority granted to the Presi-
dent by this section does not include the au-
thority to impose duties or tariff-rate quotas 
or (subject to paragraph (2)) other quotas on 
articles entering the United States. 
‘‘(2) The limitation under paragraph (1) 
does not prohibit the President from exclud-
ing all articles, or all of a certain type of ar-
ticle, imported from a country from entering 
the United States.’’. 
SA 5590. Mr. HAWLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR 
ANTI-PERSONNEL 
LANDMINE 
RE-
DUCTION. 
(a) IN
GENERAL.—Except as provided in 
subsection (g), none of the funds authorized 
to be appropriated by this Act for fiscal year 
2023 for the Department of Defense may be 
obligated or expended for the purpose of im-
plementing the activities described in sub-
section (b) until the date on which the Sec-
retary of Defense provides to the Commit-
tees on Armed Services of the Senate and 
House of Representatives— 
(1) the certification described in subsection 
(c); 
(2) the report on the results of the assess-
ment under subsection (d); and 
(3) the report under subsection (e). 
(b) ACTIVITIES DESCRIBED.—The activities 
described in this subsection are the fol-
lowing: 
(1) Development, production, or acquisi-
tion of anti-personnel landmines. 
(2) Employment of anti-personnel land-
mines by the United States Armed Forces. 
(3) Export or transfer of anti-personnel 
landmines to allied or partner countries or 
other third parties. 
(4) Assistance, encouragement, or induce-
ment of allied and partner country military 
activities related to anti-personnel land-
mines, including acquisition, deployment, or 
employment of anti-personnel landmines. 
(5) Destruction, or redeployment for pur-
poses of destruction, of anti-personnel land-
mines. 
(6) Removal of anti-personnel landmines 
from 
existing 
in-theater 
munitions 
warstocks 
or 
afloat 
pre-positioned 
warstocks. 
(c) CERTIFICATION REQUIRED.—The certifi-
cation described in this subsection is a cer-
tification by the Secretary that implementa-
tion of the changes to the United States 
Anti-Personnel Landmine Policy announced 
on June 21, 2022, would not inhibit United 
States or allied or partner country capabili-
ties to delay, degrade, and deny armed sei-
zure of allied or partner country territory, in 
particular the seizure of North Atlantic 
Treaty Organization territory by the Rus-
sian Federation and the seizure of Taiwan by 
the People’s Republic of China. 
(d) ASSESSMENT REQUIRED.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall direct 
a federally funded research and development 
center to conduct an assessment of the role 
of anti-personnel landmines, on their own or 
in combination with other types of mines, 
such as anti-tank mines, to delay, degrade, 
and deny armed territorial seizure, in par-
ticular the seizure of North Atlantic Treaty 
Organization territory by the Russian Fed-
eration and the seizure of Taiwan by the 
People’s Republic of China. 
(2) ELEMENTS.—The assessment required by 
paragraph (1) shall include an assessment of 
the following: 
(A) The role anti-personnel landmines may 
be able to play in supporting efforts by the 
United States Armed Forces and the mili-
tary forces of allied and partner countries in 
delaying, degrading, or denying aggression 
by the Russian Federation or the People’s 
Republic of China, including by— 
(i) impeding enemy mobility; 
(ii) forcing enemy movement in directions 
that permit friendly forces to more effec-
tively engage and destroy enemy forces; 
(iii) alerting defenders to enemy approach 
or infiltration and delaying or preventing 
dismounted infantry or insurgent attacks; 
(iv) 
protecting 
anti-tank 
mines 
from 
enemy tampering or rapid breaching; 
(v) providing rear-area protection for oper-
ational bases and combat support and logis-
tics units; and 
(vi) providing protection for smaller, light-
er forces during the early stages of forced 
entry operations. 
(B) The ability of weapons other than anti- 
personnel landmines to achieve similar oper-
ational effects as anti-personnel landmines 
in support of United States and allied and 
partner country force requirements at simi-
lar or reduced costs relative to anti-per-
sonnel and anti-tank landmines. 
(C) The costs associated with the changes 
to the United States Anti-Personnel Land-
mine Policy announced on June 21, 2022, rel-
ative to maintaining the Department of De-
fense 
Anti-Personnel 
Landmine 
Policy 
issued on January 31, 2020. 
(3) REPORT.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 120 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary shall submit to the Commit-
tees on Armed Services of the Senate and 
House of Representatives a report on the 
findings of the assessment required by para-
graph (1). 
(B) FORM.—The report required by this 
paragraph shall be submitted in unclassified 
form but many include a classified annex. 
(e) REPORT.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—Not later than 30 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the 
Committees on Armed Services of the Senate 
and the House of Representatives a report 
detailing the process by which the com-
prehensive policy review described in the 
changes to the United States Anti-Personnel 
Landmine Policy announced on June 21, 2022, 
was conducted, including— 
(A) the findings of such comprehensive pol-
icy review; 
(B) a description of the analytical process 
and research methodology used for such 
comprehensive policy review; and 
(C) a description of the role of, and the 
comments and perspectives provided by, the 
Secretary, the Chairman of the Joint Chefs 
of Staff, the Under Secretary of Defense for 
Policy, the Commander of the United States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:57 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00045
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.043
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 91-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4986 
September 22, 2022 
European Command, the Commander of the 
United States Indo-Pacific Command, the 
Commander of the United States Central 
Command, the Commander of the United 
States Africa Command, and the Commander 
of the United States Special Operations 
Command during such comprehensive policy 
review. 
(2) FORM.—The report required by para-
graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified 
form but many include a classified annex. 
(f) FUNDING.—Of the amounts authorized to 
be appropriated for fiscal year 2023 for the 
Department of Defense by this Act, $300,000 
shall be made available to carry out the re-
ports under subsections (d)(3) and (e). 
(g) EXCEPTION.—The prohibition under sub-
section (a) shall not apply to the deactiva-
tion, dismantlement, or retiring of anti-per-
sonnel landmine ordnance and components 
for the express purpose of safety and 
sustainment. 
SA 5591. Mr. HAWLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title XXVIII, 
add the following: 
SEC. 2825. BRIEFING ON FUNDING NEEDED TO 
ENSURE 
QUALITY 
HOUSING 
FOR 
MEMBERS OF THE ARMY. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the 
Army shall provide to the Committees on 
Armed Services of the Senate and the House 
of Representatives a briefing on the amount 
of additional military construction funding 
needed by the Department of the Army to 
ensure quality housing for members of the 
Army. 
SA 5592. Mr. HAWLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1254. ASYMMETRIC DEFENSE CAPABILITIES 
OF TAIWAN. 
(a) FINDINGS.—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) The Department of Defense has warned 
that the Government of the People’s Repub-
lic of China may conclude that it can suc-
cessfully invade and seize control of Taiwan 
in the latter half of the 2020s. 
(2) In October 2021, the Minister of Na-
tional Defense of Taiwan, Chiu Kuo-cheng, 
echoed these warnings when he stated that 
the People’s Republic of China— 
(A) ‘‘is capable now’’ of invading Taiwan; 
and 
(B) will have ‘‘lowered the costs and 
losses’’ associated with invading Taiwan ‘‘to 
a minimum’’ after 2025. 
(3) If the People’s Republic of China were 
to invade and seize control of Taiwan, it 
would deal a severe blow to United States in-
terests by— 
(A) destroying one of the world’s leading 
democracies; 
(B) casting doubt on the ability and resolve 
of the United States to uphold its security 
commitments; 
(C) incentivizing other countries in the 
Indo-Pacific region to bandwagon with the 
People’s Republic of China; and 
(D) facilitating the formation of a regional 
order dominated by the People’s Republic of 
China in which the Government of the Peo-
ple’s Republic of China may— 
(i) regulate or otherwise limit the ability 
of individuals in the United States to trade 
in the Indo-Pacific region, which would have 
dire effects on the livelihoods and freedoms 
of such individuals; and 
(ii) use the Indo-Pacific region as a secure 
base from which to project military power 
into other regions, including the Western 
Hemisphere. 
(4) Taiwan’s proximity to the People’s Re-
public of China, coupled with investments by 
the People’s Republic of China in capabili-
ties designed to delay intervention by the 
United States Armed Forces in support of 
Taiwan, means that Taiwan may be forced to 
delay, degrade, and deny an invasion by the 
People’s Republic of China with limited sup-
port from the United States Armed Forces 
for the initial days, weeks, or months of such 
an invasion. 
(5) If Taiwan is unable to delay, degrade, 
and deny an invasion by the People’s Repub-
lic of China with limited support from the 
United States Armed Forces, especially in 
the initial period of war, then the People’s 
Republic of China may conclude that it is, or 
may actually be, capable of— 
(A) invading and seizing control of Taiwan 
before the United States or any other part-
ner country of Taiwan is able to respond ef-
fectively, thereby achieving a fait accompli; 
and 
(B) potentially rendering any attempt by 
the United States or any other partner coun-
try of Taiwan to reverse territorial gains by 
the People’s Republic of China prohibitively 
difficult, costly, or both. 
(6) To defend itself effectively, especially 
in the initial period of war, it is imperative 
that Taiwan accelerate deployment of cost- 
effective and resilient asymmetric defense 
capabilities, including mobile coastal and air 
defenses, naval mines, missile boats, man- 
portable anti-armor weapons, civil defense 
forces, and their enablers. 
(7) The deployment of such asymmetric de-
fense capabilities by Taiwan would not only 
improve the ability of Taiwan to defend 
itself, but also reduce operational risk to 
members of the United States Armed Forces 
under a Taiwan contingency. 
(8) The President of Taiwan, Tsai Ing-Wen, 
has— 
(A) vowed to bolster the national defense 
of Taiwan and demonstrate Taiwan’s deter-
mination to defend itself so as to ensure that 
Taiwan will not be forced to take the path 
that the People’s Republic of China has laid 
out for Taiwan; and 
(B) advocated the deployment of asym-
metric defense capabilities. 
(9) The Government of Taiwan has begun 
taking steps to improve Taiwan’s defenses, 
including by increasing Taiwan’s defense 
budget and through Taiwan’s new proposed 
special defense budget, but far more is need-
ed, and quickly, to ensure that Taiwan is 
able to maintain a sufficient self-defense ca-
pability. 
(b) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the threat of an invasion of Taiwan by 
the People’s Republic of China is increasing 
rapidly and expected to reach especially dan-
gerous levels by the latter half of the 2020s; 
(2) the United States has a strong interest 
in preventing the People’s Republic of China 
from invading and seizing control of Taiwan, 
especially by ensuring that Taiwan is able to 
maintain a sufficient self-defense capability; 
(3) the United States should establish a se-
curity assistance initiative so as to accel-
erate, to the greatest extent possible, Tai-
wan’s deployment of cost-effective and resil-
ient asymmetric defense capabilities; 
(4) the United States should provide such 
assistance on the condition that Taiwan— 
(A) matches investments by the United 
States in its asymmetric defense capabili-
ties; 
(B) increases its defense spending to a level 
commensurate with the threat it faces; 
(C) prioritizes acquiring cost-effective and 
resilient asymmetric defense capabilities as 
rapidly as possible, including from foreign 
suppliers, if necessary; and 
(D) demonstrates progress on defense re-
forms required to maximize the effectiveness 
of its asymmetric defenses, with special re-
gard to Taiwan’s reserve forces; and 
(5) in the course of executing such a secu-
rity assistance initiative, the United States 
should— 
(A) seek to co-produce or co-develop cost- 
effective and resilient asymmetric defense 
capabilities with suppliers in Taiwan, includ-
ing by providing incentives to that effect, so 
long as those suppliers can produce such ca-
pabilities at a reasonable cost, in the quan-
tities required, as rapidly, and to the same 
quality and technical standards as suppliers 
in the United States or other countries; and 
(B) encourage other countries, particularly 
United States allies and partners, to sell, 
lease, 
or 
otherwise 
provide 
appropriate 
asymmetric defense capabilities to Taiwan 
so as to facilitate Taiwan’s rapid deployment 
of the asymmetric defense capabilities re-
quired to deter or, if necessary, defeat an in-
vasion by the People’s Republic of China. 
(c) TAIWAN SECURITY ASSISTANCE INITIA-
TIVE.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense 
shall establish an initiative, to be known as 
the ‘‘Taiwan Security Assistance Initiative’’ 
(referred to in this subsection as the ‘‘Initia-
tive’’), to accelerate Taiwan’s deployment of 
asymmetric defense capabilities required to 
deter or, if necessary, defeat an invasion by 
the People’s Republic of China. 
(2) AUTHORIZATION
OF
APPROPRIATIONS.— 
There is authorized to be appropriated 
$3,000,000,000 for the Department of Defense 
for each of fiscal years 2023 through 2027 to 
provide assistance to the Government of Tai-
wan under this subsection. 
(3) AUTHORITY TO PROVIDE ASSISTANCE.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense, 
in coordination with the Secretary of State, 
shall use the funds authorized to be appro-
priated under subsection (b) to provide as-
sistance to the Government of Taiwan for 
the purpose described in paragraph (4). 
(4) PURPOSE.—The purpose of the Initiative 
is to provide assistance, including equip-
ment, training, and other support, to the 
Government of Taiwan so as to accelerate 
Taiwan’s deployment of asymmetric defense 
capabilities required to achieve, with limited 
support from the United States Armed 
Forces for the initial days, weeks, or months 
after the initiation of an invasion by the 
People’s Republic of China of Taiwan, the 
following objectives: 
(A) To delay, degrade, and deny attempts 
by People’s Liberation Army forces to enter 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:57 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00046
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.043
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 92-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4987 
September 22, 2022 
or transit the Taiwan Strait and adjoining 
seas. 
(B) To delay, degrade, and deny attempts 
by People’s Liberation Army forces to secure 
a lodgment on Taiwan and expand or other-
wise use that lodgment to seize control of a 
population center or other key territory in 
Taiwan. 
(C) To prevent the People’s Republic of 
China from decapitating, seizing control of, 
or otherwise neutralizing or rendering inef-
fective the Government of Taiwan. 
(5) ASYMMETRIC DEFENSE CAPABILITIES.—In 
this section, the term ‘‘asymmetric defense 
capabilities’’ includes, in such quantities as 
the Secretary of Defense determines to be 
necessary to achieve the purpose specified in 
paragraph (4), the following: 
(A) Mobile, ground-based coastal defense 
cruise missiles and launchers. 
(B) Mobile, ground-based short-range and 
medium-range air defense systems. 
(C) Smart, self-propelled naval mines and 
coastal minelaying platforms. 
(D) Missile boats and fast-attack craft 
equipped with anti-ship and anti-landing 
craft missiles. 
(E) Unmanned aerial and other mobile, re-
silient 
surveillance 
systems 
to 
support 
coastal and air defense operations. 
(F) Equipment to support target location, 
tracking, identification, and targeting, espe-
cially at the local level, in communications 
degraded or denied environments. 
(G) 
Man-portable 
anti-armor 
weapons, 
mortars, and small arms for ground combat 
operations. 
(H) Equipment and technical assistance for 
the purpose of developing civil defense 
forces, composed of civilian volunteers and 
militia. 
(I) Training and equipment, including ap-
propriate war reserves, required for Taiwan 
forces to independently maintain, sustain, 
and employ capabilities described in sub-
paragraphs (A) through (H). 
(J) Concept development for coastal de-
fense, air defense, decentralized command 
and control, civil defense, logistics, plan-
ning, and other critical military functions, 
with an emphasis on operations in a commu-
nications degraded or denied environment. 
(K) Any other capability the Secretary of 
Defense considers appropriate for the pur-
pose described in paragraph (4). 
(6) AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS.— 
(A) PLAN.—Not later than December 1, 2022, 
and annually thereafter, the Secretary of De-
fense, in coordination with the Secretary of 
State, shall submit to the appropriate com-
mittees of Congress a plan for using funds 
authorized to be appropriated under para-
graph (2) for the purpose specified in para-
graph (4). 
(B) INITIAL
CERTIFICATION.—Amounts au-
thorized to be appropriated under paragraph 
(2) for fiscal year 2023 may not be obligated 
or expended until the date on which the Sec-
retary of Defense, in coordination with the 
Secretary of State, certifies that the Govern-
ment of Taiwan has committed— 
(i) to spending an equivalent amount on 
asymmetric defense capabilities in fiscal 
year 2023; 
(ii) to spending not less than three percent 
of Taiwan’s national gross domestic product 
on defense on an annual basis by the end of 
fiscal year 2027, including expenditures under 
the normal defense budget and any supple-
mental or special defense budgets of Taiwan; 
(iii) to acquiring asymmetric defense capa-
bilities as rapidly as possible, including from 
suppliers in the United States or other coun-
tries, if the Secretary of Defense determines 
that such suppliers will be able to provide 
such capabilities at a reasonable cost, in suf-
ficient quantities, of sufficient quality and 
technical standards, and more rapidly than 
suppliers in Taiwan; and 
(iv) to undertaking the defense reforms re-
quired to maximize the effectiveness of an 
asymmetric defense against an invasion by 
the People’s Republic of China, including by 
improving organization, mobilization, and 
training of the reserve forces and other mili-
tary personnel of Taiwan. 
(C) SUBSEQUENT CERTIFICATIONS.—Amounts 
authorized to be appropriated under para-
graph (2) for each of fiscal years 2024, 2025, 
2026, and 2027 may not be obligated or ex-
pended until the date on which the Secretary 
of Defense, in coordination with the Sec-
retary of State, certifies that the Govern-
ment of Taiwan has committed— 
(i) to spending an equivalent amount on 
asymmetric defense capabilities in the appli-
cable fiscal year and upheld its commitment 
to spend an equivalent amount as the United 
States in the preceding fiscal year on asym-
metric defense capabilities to be deployed by 
Taiwan; 
(ii) to spending not less than three percent 
of Taiwan’s national gross domestic product 
on defense on an annual basis by the end of 
fiscal year 2027, including expenditures under 
the normal defense budget and any supple-
mental or special defense budgets of Taiwan, 
and demonstrated progress toward that 
spending target in the preceding fiscal year; 
(iii) to acquiring asymmetric defense capa-
bilities as rapidly as possible, including from 
suppliers in the United States or other coun-
tries, if the Secretary of Defense determines 
that such suppliers will be able to provide 
such capabilities at reasonable cost, in suffi-
cient quantities, of sufficient quality and 
technical standards, and more rapidly than 
suppliers in Taiwan, and upheld its commit-
ment to acquire asymmetric defense capa-
bilities as rapidly as possible in the pre-
ceding fiscal year; and 
(iv) to undertaking the defense reforms re-
quired to maximize the effectiveness of an 
asymmetric defense against an invasion by 
the People’s Republic of China, including by 
improving the organization, mobilization, 
and training of the reserve forces and other 
military personnel of Taiwan, and dem-
onstrated progress on such reforms in the 
preceding fiscal year. 
(D) NOTIFICATION TO CONGRESS.—Not later 
than 30 days after making a certification 
under subparagraph (B) or (C), the Secretary 
of Defense shall submit to the appropriate 
committees of Congress a notice and expla-
nation of such certification. 
(E) REMAINING FUNDS.— 
(i) IN
GENERAL.—Subject to clause (ii), 
amounts appropriated for a fiscal year pursu-
ant to the authorization of appropriations 
under paragraph (2) that are not obligated 
and expended during that fiscal year shall be 
added to the amount that may be used for 
the Initiative in the subsequent fiscal year. 
(ii) 
RESCISSION.—Amounts 
appropriated 
pursuant to the authorization of appropria-
tion under paragraph (2) that remain unobli-
gated by the end of fiscal year 2027 shall be 
rescinded and deposited into the general fund 
of the Treasury. 
(7) DEFENSE ARTICLES AND SERVICES FROM 
UNITED
STATES
INVENTORY
AND
OTHER 
SOURCES.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—In addition to assistance 
provided pursuant to paragraph (3), the Sec-
retary of Defense, in coordination with the 
Secretary of State, may make available to 
the Government of Taiwan, in such quan-
tities as the Secretary of Defense considers 
appropriate for the purpose described in 
paragraph (4), the following: 
(i) Weapons and other defense articles from 
the United States inventory and other 
sources. 
(ii) Excess defense articles from the United 
States inventory. 
(iii) Defense services. 
(B) REPLACEMENT.—Amounts for the re-
placement of any item provided to the Gov-
ernment of Taiwan under subparagraph (A)(i) 
may be made available from the amount au-
thorized to be appropriated under paragraph 
(2). 
(8) TERMINATION OF AUTHORITY.—Assistance 
may not be provided under this subsection 
after September 30, 2027. 
(d) LIMITATION
ON
CONVENTIONAL
ARMS 
SALES.— 
(1) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(A) historically, the Government of Taiwan 
has prioritized the acquisition of conven-
tional weapons that would be of limited util-
ity in deterring or defeating an invasion by 
the People’s Republic of China at the ex-
pense of the timely acquisition of cost-effec-
tive and resilient asymmetric defense capa-
bilities; 
(B) the United States Government has 
often shared responsibility for the misguided 
prioritization of defense acquisitions de-
scribed in subparagraph (A) by approving 
sales of conventional weapons to Taiwan, de-
spite knowledge that such sales would do lit-
tle to enhance, and may even undermine, the 
ability of Taiwan to deter or defeat an inva-
sion by the People’s Republic of China; 
(C) the misguided prioritization of defense 
acquisitions described in subparagraph (A) 
has not only undermined the ability of Tai-
wan to deter or defeat an invasion by the 
People’s Republic of China, but has also 
placed at greater risk of death or injury 
members of the United States Armed Forces 
who may come under attack or be asked to 
come to the aid of Taiwan to repel such an 
invasion; and 
(D) any future sales, leases, or other provi-
sion of conventional weaponry to Taiwan by 
the United States should be conditioned on 
meaningful progress by the Government of 
Taiwan on the acquisition of appropriate 
asymmetric defense capabilities. 
(2) STATEMENT OF POLICY.—For each of fis-
cal years 2023 through 2027, the United States 
Government shall not sell, lease, or other-
wise provide military capabilities to Taiwan 
other than asymmetric defense capabilities 
described in paragraph (5) of subsection (c) 
until the earlier of— 
(A) the date on which the Secretary of De-
fense has submitted a notification under 
paragraph (6)(D) of that subsection for the 
fiscal year in which the Government of Tai-
wan has requested the sale, lease, or other 
provision of military capabilities other than 
such asymmetric defense capabilities; or 
(B) the date on which the Secretary of De-
fense certifies to the appropriate committees 
of Congress that the sale, lease, or other pro-
vision to Taiwan of military capabilities 
other than such asymmetric defense capa-
bilities— 
(i) is necessary to enhance the ability of 
Taiwan to deter or, if necessary, defeat an 
invasion by the People’s Republic of China; 
or 
(ii) will not slow, delay, limit, or otherwise 
detract from or undermine the ability of Tai-
wan to deploy such asymmetric defense ca-
pabilities. 
(e) DEFINITION OF APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES 
OF CONGRESS.—In this section, the term ‘‘ap-
propriate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Foreign Relations of the 
Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the 
House of Representatives. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:57 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00047
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.042
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 93-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4988 
September 22, 2022 
SA 5593. Mr. YOUNG (for himself, Mr. 
CARPER, Mr. CORNYN, and Mr. CRAPO) 
submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed to amendment SA 5499 sub-
mitted by Mr. REED (for himself and 
Mr. INHOFE) and intended to be pro-
posed to the bill H.R. 7900, to authorize 
appropriations for fiscal year 2023 for 
military activities of the Department 
of Defense, for military construction, 
and for defense activities of the De-
partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-
tary personnel strengths for such fiscal 
year, and for other purposes; which was 
ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1276. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON DIGITAL 
TRADE. 
(a) FINDINGS.—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) Over half of the world’s population, to-
taling more than 5,000,000,000 people, use the 
internet. 
(2) The digital economy encompasses the 
economic and social activity from billions of 
online connections among people, businesses, 
devices, and data as a result of the internet, 
mobile technology, and the internet of 
things. 
(3) The Bureau of Economic Analysis found 
that the digital economy contributed nearly 
10.2 percent of United States gross domestic 
product and supported 7,800,000 United States 
jobs in 2020. 
(4) The technology-commerce ecosystem 
added 1,400,000 jobs between 2017 and 2021, 
and served as the main job-creating sector in 
40 States. 
(5) United States jobs supported by the dig-
ital economy have sustained annual wage 
growth at a rate of 5.9 percent since 2010, as 
compared to a 4.2 percent for all jobs. 
(6) In 2020, United States exports of digital 
services surpassed $520,000,000,000, accounting 
for more than half of all United States serv-
ices exports and generating a digital services 
trade surplus for the United States of 
$214,000,000,000. 
(7) Digital trade bolsters the digital econ-
omy by enabling the sale of goods on the 
internet and the supply of online services 
across borders and depends on the free flow 
of data across borders to promote commerce, 
manufacturing, and innovation. 
(8) Digital trade has become increasingly 
vital to United States workers and busi-
nesses of all sizes, including the countless 
small and medium-sized enterprises that use 
digital technology, data flows, and e-com-
merce to export goods and services across 
the world. 
(9) Digital trade has advanced entrepre-
neurship opportunities for women, people of 
color, and individuals from otherwise under-
represented backgrounds and enabled the 
formation of innovative start-ups. 
(10) International supply chains are becom-
ing increasingly digitized and data driven 
and businesses in a variety of industries, 
such as construction, healthcare, transpor-
tation, and aerospace, invested heavily in 
digital supply chain technologies in 2020. 
(11) United States Trade Representative 
Katherine Tai said, ‘‘[T]here is no bright line 
separating digital trade from the digital 
economy—or the ‘traditional’ economy for 
that matter. Nearly every aspect of our 
economy has been digitized to some degree.’’. 
(12) Industries outside of the technology 
sector, such as manufacturing and agri-
culture, are integrating digital technology 
into their businesses in order to increase ef-
ficiency, improve safety, reach new cus-
tomers, and remain globally competitive. 
(13) The increasing reliance on digital 
technologies has modernized legacy proc-
esses, accelerated workflows, increased ac-
cess 
to 
information 
and 
services, 
and 
strengthened security in a variety of indus-
tries, leading to better health, environ-
mental, and safety outcomes. 
(14) The COVID–19 pandemic has led to in-
creased uptake and reliance on digital tech-
nologies, data flows, and e-commerce. 
(15) 90 percent of adults in the United 
States say that the internet has been essen-
tial or important for them personally during 
the COVID–19 pandemic. 
(16) United States families, workers, and 
business owners have seen how vital access 
to the internet has been to daily life, as 
work, education, medicine, and communica-
tion with family and friends have shifted in-
creasingly online. 
(17) Many individuals and families, espe-
cially in rural and Tribal communities, 
struggle to participate in the digital econ-
omy because of a lack of access to a reliable 
and affordable internet connection. 
(18) New developments in technology must 
be deployed with consideration to the unique 
access challenges of rural, urban under-
served, and vulnerable communities. 
(19) Digital trade has the power to help 
level the playing field and uplift those in tra-
ditionally 
unrepresented 
or 
underrep-
resented communities. 
(20) 
Countries 
have 
negotiated 
inter-
national rules governing digital trade in var-
ious bilateral and plurilateral agreements, 
but those rules remain fragmented, and no 
multilateral agreement on digital trade ex-
ists within the World Trade Organization. 
(21) The United States, through free trade 
agreements or other digital agreements, has 
been a leader in developing a set of rules and 
standards on digital governance and e-com-
merce that has helped allies and partners of 
the United States unlock the full economic 
and social potential of digital trade. 
(22) Congress recognizes the need for agree-
ments on digital trade, as indicated by its 
support for a robust digital trade chapter in 
the 
United 
States-Mexico-Canada 
Agree-
ment. 
(23) Other countries are operating under 
their own digital rules, some of which are 
contrary to democratic values shared by the 
United States and many allies and partners 
of the United States. 
(24) Those countries are attempting to ad-
vance their own digital rules on a global 
scale. 
(25) Examples of the plethora of nontariff 
barriers to digital trade that have emerged 
around the globe include— 
(A) overly restrictive data localization re-
quirements and limitations on cross border 
data flows that do not achieve legitimate 
public policy objectives; 
(B) intellectual property rights infringe-
ment; 
(C) policies that make market access con-
tingent on forced technology transfers or 
voluntary 
transfers 
subject 
to 
coercive 
terms; 
(D) web filtering; 
(E) economic espionage; 
(F) cybercrime exposure; and 
(G) government-directed theft of trade se-
crets. 
(26) Certain countries are pursuing or have 
implemented digital policies that unfairly 
discriminate 
against 
innovative 
United 
States technology companies and United 
States workers that create and deliver dig-
ital products and services. 
(27) The Government of the People’s Re-
public of China is currently advancing a 
model for digital governance and the digital 
economy domestically and abroad through 
its Digital Silk Road Initiative that permits 
censorship, surveillance, human and worker 
rights abuses, forced technology transfers, 
and data flow restrictions at the expense of 
human and worker rights, privacy, the free 
flow of data, and an open internet. 
(28) The 2020 Country Reports on Human 
Rights Practices of the Department of State 
highlighted significant human rights issues 
committed by the People’s Republic of China 
in the digital realm, including ‘‘arbitrary in-
terference with privacy; pervasive and intru-
sive technical surveillance and monitoring; 
serious restrictions on free expression, the 
press, and the internet, including physical 
attacks on and criminal prosecution of jour-
nalists, 
lawyers, 
writers, 
bloggers, 
dis-
sidents, petitioners, and others as well as 
their family members, and censorship and 
site blocking’’. 
(29) The United States discourages digital 
authoritarianism, including practices that 
undermine human and worker rights and re-
sult in other social and economic coercion. 
(30) Allies and trading partners of the 
United States in the Indo-Pacific region 
have urged the United States to deepen eco-
nomic engagement in the region by negoti-
ating rules on digital trade and technology 
standards. 
(31) The digital economy has provided new 
opportunities for economic development, en-
trepreneurship, and growth in developing 
countries around the world. 
(32) Negotiating strong digital trade prin-
ciples and commitments with allies and 
partners across the globe enables the United 
States 
to 
unite 
like-minded 
economies 
around common standards and ensure that 
principles of democracy, rule of law, freedom 
of speech, human and worker rights, privacy, 
and a free and open internet are at the very 
core of digital governance. 
(33) United States leadership and sub-
stantive engagement is necessary to ensure 
that global digital rules reflect United 
States values so that workers are treated 
fairly, small businesses can compete and win 
in the global economy, and consumers are 
guaranteed the right to privacy and security. 
(34) The United States supports rules that 
reduce digital trade barriers, promote free 
expression and the free flow of information, 
enhance privacy protections, protect sen-
sitive information, defend human and worker 
rights, prohibit forced technology transfer, 
and promote digitally enabled commerce. 
(35) The United States supports efforts to 
cooperate with allies and trading partners to 
mitigate the risks of cyberattacks, address 
potentially illegal or deceptive business ac-
tivities online, promote financial inclusion 
and digital workforce skills, and develop 
rules to govern the use of artificial intel-
ligence and other emerging and future tech-
nologies. 
(b) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the United States should negotiate 
strong, inclusive, forward-looking, and en-
forceable rules on digital trade and the dig-
ital economy with like-minded countries as 
part of a broader trade and economic strat-
egy to address digital barriers and ensure 
that the United States values of democracy, 
rule of law, freedom of speech, human and 
worker rights, privacy, and a free and open 
internet are at the very core of the digital 
world and advanced technology; 
(2) in conducting such negotiations, the 
United States must— 
(A) pursue digital trade rules that— 
(i) serve the best interests of workers, con-
sumers, and small and medium-sized enter-
prises; 
(ii) empower United States workers; 
(iii) fuel wage growth; and 
(iv) lead to materially positive economic 
outcomes for all people in the United States; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:57 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00048
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.040
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 94-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4989 
September 22, 2022 
(B) ensure that any future agreement pre-
vents the adoption of non-democratic, coer-
cive, or overly restrictive policies that would 
be obstacles to a free and open internet and 
harm the ability of the e-commerce market-
place to continue to grow and thrive; 
(C) coordinate sufficient trade-related as-
sistance to ensure that developing countries 
can improve their capacity and benefit from 
increased digital trade; and 
(D) consult closely with all relevant stake-
holders, including workers, consumers, small 
and medium-sized enterprises, civil society 
groups, and human rights advocates; and 
(3) with respect to any negotiations for an 
agreement facilitating digital trade, the 
United States Trade Representative and the 
heads of other relevant Federal agencies 
must— 
(A) consult closely and on a timely basis 
with the Committee on Finance of the Sen-
ate and the Committee on Ways and Means 
of the House of Representatives about the 
substance of those negotiations and the req-
uisite legal authority to bind the United 
States to any such agreement; 
(B) keep both committees fully apprised of 
those negotiations; and 
(C) provide to those committees, including 
staff with appropriate security clearances, 
adequate access to the text of the negoti-
ating proposal of the United States before 
presenting the proposal in the negotiations. 
SA 5594. Mr. YOUNG submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title V, add the 
following: 
SEC. 575. PILOT PROGRAM ON GRIEF COMPAN-
IONS FOLLOWING CASUALTY NOTIFI-
CATIONS. 
(a) IN
GENERAL.—Commencing not later 
than 90 days after the date of the enactment 
of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense 
for Personnel and Readiness shall carry out 
a pilot program on providing training to, 
validating, and deploying grief companions 
to facilitate bereavement care provided by 
the Department of Defense following cas-
ualty notifications with respect to members 
of the Armed Forces. 
(b) DURATION.—The Under Secretary of De-
fense for Personnel and Readiness shall carry 
out the pilot program required under sub-
section (a) for a period of not less than one 
year. 
(c) AUTHORIZATION
OF
APPROPRIATIONS.— 
There is authorized to be appropriated to the 
Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel 
and Readiness $250,000 to carry out the pilot 
program required under subsection (a). 
SA 5595. Mr. HAWLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in subtitle G of 
title X, insert the following: 
SEC. 10ll. PROHIBITION ON THE USE OF 
TIKTOK. 
(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section— 
(1) the term ‘‘covered application’’ means 
the social networking service TikTok or any 
successor application or service developed or 
provided by ByteDance Limited or an entity 
owned by ByteDance Limited; 
(2) the term ‘‘executive agency’’ has the 
meaning given that term in section 133 of 
title 41, United States Code; and 
(3) the term ‘‘information technology’’ has 
the meaning given that term in section 11101 
of title 40, United States Code. 
(b) PROHIBITION ON THE USE OF TIKTOK.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—Not later than 60 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Director of the Office of Management 
and Budget, in consultation with the Admin-
istrator of General Services, the Director of 
the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Secu-
rity Agency, the Director of National Intel-
ligence, and the Secretary of Defense, and 
consistent with the information security re-
quirements under subchapter II of chapter 35 
of title 44, United States Code, shall develop 
standards and guidelines for executive agen-
cies requiring the removal of any covered ap-
plication from information technology. 
(2) NATIONAL SECURITY AND RESEARCH EX-
CEPTIONS.—The standards and guidelines de-
veloped under paragraph (1) shall include— 
(A) exceptions for law enforcement activi-
ties, national security interests and activi-
ties, and security researchers; and 
(B) for any authorized use of a covered ap-
plication under an exception, requirements 
for agencies to develop and document risk 
mitigation actions for such use. 
SA 5596. Mr. HAWLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1254. STRATEGIC TRADE AUTHORIZATION 
LICENSE EXCEPTION FOR TAIWAN. 
(a) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the United States has a strong interest, 
in accordance with its obligations under the 
Taiwan Relations Act (22 U.S.C. 3301 et seq.), 
in ensuring that Taiwan has all resources 
necessary to defend itself, especially by 
asymmetric ways and means, against mili-
tary action by the People’s Republic of 
China; 
(2) the threat of military action by the 
People’s Republic of China against Taiwan is 
growing more rapidly than many antici-
pated, with the current and former com-
manders of the United States Indo-Pacific 
Command testifying that the Government of 
the People’s Republic of China may view the 
local military balance over Taiwan as favor-
able to an invasion well before 2035 and po-
tentially as soon as 2027; 
(3) it is imperative that the United States 
provide Taiwan with defensive resources 
with urgency, not only so that Taiwan can 
better defend itself against military action 
by the People’s Republic of China, but also 
to reduce the operational risk to the United 
States Armed Forces, if the President com-
mits such forces to Taiwan’s defense fol-
lowing the initiation of hostilities by the 
Government of the People’s Republic of 
China; 
(4) the inclusion of Taiwan in Country 
Group A:5 under Supplement No. 1 to part 740 
of the Export Administration Regulations 
would address the need described in para-
graph (3) by allowing Taiwan to acquire crit-
ical asymmetric defensive capabilities on an 
expedited basis, including undersea sensors, 
naval mines, man-portable air defense sys-
tems, and unmanned aerial vehicles, pursu-
ant to the strategic trade authorization li-
cense exception under section 740.20 of the 
Export Administration Regulations; and 
(5) Taiwan has been designated a major 
non-NATO ally under section 517 of the For-
eign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2321k). 
(b) STRATEGIC TRADE AUTHORIZATION LI-
CENSE
EXCEPTION
FOR
TAIWAN.—Not later 
than 90 days after the date of the enactment 
of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce shall 
revise part 740 of the Export Administration 
Regulations to remove Taiwan from Country 
Group A:6 and add it to Country Group A:5. 
(c) DEFINITION OF EXPORT ADMINISTRATION 
REGULATIONS.—In this section, the term ‘‘Ex-
port Administration Regulations’’ has the 
meaning given that term in section 1742 of 
the Export Control Reform Act of 2018 (50 
U.S.C. 4801). 
SA 5597. Mr. HAWLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1254. ESTABLISHMENT OF PRECLEARANCE 
FACILITIES IN THE INDO-PACIFIC 
REGION. 
(a) SHORT
TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Taiwan Preclearance Act’’. 
(b) FINDINGS.—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
Preclearance stations U.S. Customs and Bor-
der Protection officers and specialists at for-
eign airports to inspect travelers prior to 
boarding United States-bound flight. 
(2) More than 600 U.S. Customs and Border 
Protection officers and specialists are sta-
tioned in Aruba, The Bahamas, Bermuda, 
Canada, Ireland, and The United Arab Emir-
ates. 
(3) A Preclearance program at Taiwan’s 
Taoyuan International Airport (TPE) would 
signal Taiwan’s importance to the United 
States and compliance with international 
aviation rules. 
(4) In 2012, the United States announced 
Taiwan’s designation for participation in the 
Visa Waiver Program, which allows for Tai-
wanese passport holders to enter and remain 
in the United States for up to 90 days obtain-
ing a United States visa. 
(5) In 2017, Taiwan became the third loca-
tion in East Asia and the 12th nation world-
wide to be eligible for the Global Entry pro-
gram, which allows for expedited immigra-
tion and customs clearance and pre-approval. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:57 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00049
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.040
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 95-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4990 
September 22, 2022 
(c) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) Taiwan is a steadfast partner of the 
United States in the common pursuit of a 
free and open Indo-Pacific region; and 
(2) the United States should prioritize the 
establishment of Preclearance facilities and 
other security programs with allies and part-
ners in the Indo-Pacific region, including 
Taiwan. 
(d) DEFINED TERM.—In this section, the 
term ‘‘appropriate congressional commit-
tees’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Homeland Security 
and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; 
(2) the Committee on Finance of the Sen-
ate; 
(3) the Committee on Commerce, Science, 
and Transportation of the Senate; 
(4) the Committee on Homeland Security 
of the House of Representatives; and 
(5) the Committee on Ways and Means of 
the House of Representatives. 
(e) REPORT.—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the 
Secretary of Homeland Security, in con-
sultation with the Secretary of Commerce, 
shall submit a report to the appropriate con-
gressional committees that— 
(1) describes the plan for the establishment 
of a Preclearance facility in Taiwan or in 
other countries in the Indo-Pacific region; 
(2) analyzes the feasibility and advisability 
for the establishment of a Preclearance facil-
ity in Taiwan; 
(3) assesses the impacts that Preclearance 
operations in Taiwan will have on— 
(A) trade between the United States and 
Taiwan, including the impact on established 
supply chains; 
(B) the tourism industry in the United 
States, including the potential impact on 
revenue and tourist-related commerce; 
(C) United States and foreign passengers 
traveling to the United States for business- 
related activities; 
(D) cost savings and potential market ac-
cess by expanding operations into the Indo- 
Pacific region; 
(E) opportunities for government-to-gov-
ernment collaboration available in Taiwan 
after Preclearance operations are estab-
lished; and 
(F) U.S. Customs and Border Patrol inter-
national and domestic port of entry staffing; 
and 
(4) includes country-specific information 
on the anticipated homeland security bene-
fits and the security vulnerabilities associ-
ated with conducting Preclearance oper-
ations in Taiwan. 
SA 5598. Mr. HAWLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title XII, add the following: 
Subtitle G—Prevention of Conflicts of 
Interest Among Consulting Firms 
SECTION 1281. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Time to 
Choose Act of 2022’’. 
SEC. 1282. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: 
(1) The Department of Defense and other 
agencies in the United States Government 
regularly award contracts to firms such as 
Deloitte, McKinsey & Company, and others 
who are simultaneously providing consulting 
services to the Government of the People’s 
Republic of China and proxies or affiliates 
thereof. 
(2) The provision of such consulting serv-
ices by firms like Deloitte, McKinsey & Com-
pany, and others to entities in the People’s 
Republic of China directly supports efforts 
by that nation’s government to generate eco-
nomic and military power that it can then 
use to undermine the economic and national 
security of the American people, including 
through economic coercion and by threat-
ening or using military force against us. 
(3) It is a conflict of interest for firms like 
Deloitte, McKinsey & Company, and others 
to simultaneously aid in the efforts of the 
Government of the People’s Republic of 
China to undermine the economic and na-
tional security of the United States while 
they are simultaneously contracting with 
the Department of Defense and other United 
States Government agencies responsible for 
defending the United States from foreign 
threats, above all from China. 
(4) Firms like Deloitte, McKinsey & Com-
pany, and others should no longer be allowed 
to engage in such a conflict of interest and 
should instead be required to choose between 
aiding the efforts of the Government of the 
People’s Republic of China to harm the 
United States or helping the United States 
Government to defend its citizens against 
such foreign coercion. 
SEC. 1283. PROHIBITION ON FEDERAL CON-
TRACTING WITH ENTITIES THAT ARE 
SIMULTANEOUSLY AIDING IN THE 
EFFORTS OF THE PEOPLE’S REPUB-
LIC OF CHINA TO HARM THE UNITED 
STATES. 
In order to end conflict of interests in Fed-
eral contracting among consulting firms 
that 
simultaneously 
contract 
with 
the 
United States Government and covered for-
eign entities, the Federal Acquisition Regu-
latory Council shall, not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
amend the Federal Acquisition Regulation— 
(1) to require any entity that provides the 
services described in the North American In-
dustry 
Classification 
System’s 
Industry 
Group code 5416, prior to entering into a Fed-
eral contract, to certify that neither it nor 
any of its subsidiaries or affiliates hold a 
contract with one or more covered foreign 
entities; and 
(2) to prohibit Federal contracts from 
being awarded to an entity that provides the 
services described under the North American 
Industry Classification System’s Industry 
Group code 5416 if the entity or any of its 
subsidiaries or affiliates are determined, 
based on the self-certification required under 
paragraph (1) or other information, to be a 
contractor of, or otherwise providing serv-
ices to, a covered foreign entity. 
SEC. 1284. PENALTIES FOR FALSE INFORMATION 
ON CONTRACTING WITH THE PEO-
PLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA. 
(a) TERMINATION, SUSPENSION, AND DEBAR-
MENT.—If the head of an executive agency de-
termines that a consulting firm described in 
section 1283 has knowingly submitted a false 
certification or information on or after the 
date on which the Federal Acquisition Regu-
latory Council amends the Federal Acquisi-
tion Regulation pursuant to such section, 
the head of the executive agency shall termi-
nate the contract with the consulting firm 
and consider suspending or debarring the 
firm from eligibility for future Federal con-
tracts in accordance with subpart 9.4 of the 
Federal Acquisition Regulation. 
(b) FALSE CLAIMS ACT.—A consulting firm 
described in section 1283 that, for the pur-
poses of the False Claims Act, intentionally 
hides or misrepresents one or more contracts 
with covered foreign entities shall be subject 
to the penalties and corrective actions de-
scribed in the False Claims Act, including li-
ability for three times the amount of dam-
ages which the United States Government 
sustains, including funds or other resources 
expended on or in support of the solicitation, 
selection, and performance of such contracts. 
SEC. 1285. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: 
(1) COVERED
FOREIGN
ENTITY.—The term 
‘‘covered foreign entity’’ means— 
(A) a person, business trust, business asso-
ciation, company, institution, government 
agency, university, partnership, limited li-
ability company, corporation, or any other 
individual or organization that can legally 
enter into contracts, own properties, or pay 
taxes on behalf of, the Government of the 
People’s Republic of China; 
(B) the Chinese Communist Party; 
(C) the People’s Republic of China’s United 
Front; 
(D) an entity owned or controlled by, or 
that performs activities on behalf of, a per-
son or entity described in subparagraph (A), 
(B), or (C); and 
(E) an individual that is a member of the 
board of directors, an executive officer, or a 
senior official of an entity described in sub-
paragraph (A), (B), (C), or (D). 
(2) EXECUTIVE AGENCY.—The term ‘‘execu-
tive agency’’ has the meaning given the term 
in section 133 of title 41, United States Code. 
(3) FALSE
CLAIMS
ACT.—The term ‘‘False 
Claims Act’’ means sections 3729 through 
3733 of title 31, United States Code 
(4) NORTH AMERICAN INDUSTRY CLASSIFICA-
TION
SYSTEM’S
INDUSTRY
GROUP
CODE
5416.— 
The term ‘‘North American Industry Classi-
fication System’s Industry Group code 5416’’ 
refers to the North American Industry Clas-
sification System category that covers Man-
agement, Scientific, and Technical Con-
sulting Services as Industry Group code 5416, 
including industry codes 54151, 541611, 541612, 
541613, 541614, 541618, 54162, 541620, 54169, 
541690. 
SA 5599. Mr. HAWLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, insert 
the following: 
SEC. 
1077. 
SLAVE-FREE 
BUSINESS 
CERTIFI-
CATION. 
(a) SHORT
TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Slave-Free Business Certifi-
cation Act of 2022’’. 
(b) REQUIRED REPORTING ON USE OF FORCED 
LABOR FROM COVERED BUSINESS ENTITIES.— 
(1) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(A) COVERED
BUSINESS
ENTITY.—The term 
‘‘covered business entity’’ means any issuer, 
as that term is defined in section 2(a) of the 
Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77b(a)), 
that— 
(i) has annual, worldwide gross receipts 
that exceed $500,000,000; and 
(ii) is involved in the mining, production, 
or manufacture of goods for sale. 
(B) FORCED
LABOR.—The term ‘‘forced 
labor’’ means any labor practice or human 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:57 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00050
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.040
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 96-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4991 
September 22, 2022 
trafficking activity in violation of national 
and international standards, including— 
(i) International Labor Organization Con-
vention No. 182; 
(ii) the Trafficking Victims Protection Act 
of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.); and 
(iii) any act that would violate the crimi-
nal provisions related to slavery and human 
trafficking under chapter 77 of title 18, 
United States Code, if the act had been com-
mitted within the jurisdiction of the United 
States. 
(C) GROSS RECEIPTS.—The term ‘‘gross re-
ceipts’’ has the meaning given to the term in 
section 993(f) of the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986. 
(D) ON-SITE
SERVICE.—The term ‘‘on-site 
service’’ means any service work provided on 
the site of a covered business entity, includ-
ing food service work and catering services. 
(E) ON-SITE SERVICE PROVIDER.—The term 
‘‘on-site service provider’’ means any entity 
that provides workers who perform, collec-
tively, a total of not less than 30 hours per 
week of on-site services for a covered busi-
ness entity. 
(F) SECRETARY.—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of Labor. 
(G) SUPPLY
CHAIN.—The term ‘‘supply 
chain’’ means the end-to-end process for pro-
ducing and transporting goods beginning at 
the point of origin through a point of dis-
tribution to the destination, inclusive of sup-
pliers, manufacturers, and vendors. 
(2) AUDIT AND REPORTING REQUIREMENTS.— 
(A) IN
GENERAL.—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, and 
every year thereafter, each covered business 
entity shall— 
(i) conduct an audit of its supply chain, 
pursuant to the requirements of subsection 
(c), to investigate the presence or use of 
forced labor by the covered business entity 
or its suppliers, including by direct sup-
pliers, secondary suppliers, and on-site serv-
ice providers of the covered business entity; 
(ii) submit a report to the Secretary con-
taining the information described in sub-
paragraph (B) on the results of such audit 
and efforts of the covered business entity to 
eradicate forced labor from the supply chain 
and on-site services of the covered business 
entity; and 
(iii)(I) publish the report described in 
clause (ii) on the public website of the cov-
ered business entity, and provide a con-
spicuous and easily understood link on the 
homepage of the website that leads to the re-
port; or 
(II) in the case of a covered business entity 
that does not have a public website, provide 
the report in written form to any consumer 
of the covered business entity not later than 
30 days after the consumer submits a request 
for the report. 
(B) REQUIRED REPORT CONTENTS.—Each re-
port required under subparagraph (A)(ii) 
shall contain, at a minimum— 
(i) a disclosure of the covered business en-
tity’s policies to prevent the use of forced 
labor by the covered business entity, its di-
rect suppliers, and its on-site service pro-
viders; 
(ii) a disclosure of what policies or proce-
dures, if any, the covered business entity 
uses— 
(I) for the verification of product supply 
chains and on-site service provider practices 
to evaluate and address risks of forced labor 
and whether the verification was conducted 
by a third party; 
(II) to require direct suppliers and on-site 
service providers to provide written certifi-
cation that materials incorporated into the 
product supplied or on-site services, respec-
tively, comply with the laws regarding 
forced labor of each country in which the 
supplier or on-site service provider is en-
gaged in business; 
(III) to maintain internal accountability 
standards and procedures for employees or 
contractors of the covered business entity 
failing 
to 
meet 
requirements 
regarding 
forced labor; and 
(IV) to provide training on recognizing and 
preventing forced labor, particularly with re-
spect to mitigating risks within the supply 
chains of products and on-site services of the 
covered business entity, to employees, in-
cluding management personnel, of the cov-
ered business entity who have direct respon-
sibility for supply chain management or on- 
site services; 
(iii) a description of the findings of each 
audit required under subparagraph (A)(i), in-
cluding the details of any instances of found 
or suspected forced labor; and 
(iv) a written certification, signed by the 
chief executive officer of the covered busi-
ness entity, that— 
(I) the covered business entity has com-
plied with the requirements of this section 
and exercised due diligence in order to eradi-
cate forced labor from the supply chain and 
on-site services of the covered business enti-
ty; 
(II) to the best of the chief executive offi-
cer’s knowledge, the covered business entity 
has found no instances of the use of forced 
labor by the covered business entity or has 
disclosed every known instance of the use of 
forced labor; and 
(III) the chief executive officer and any 
other officers submitting the report or cer-
tification understand that section 1001 of 
title 18, United States Code (popularly 
known as the ‘‘False Statements Act’’), ap-
plies to the information contained in the re-
port submitted to the Secretary. 
(3) REPORT OF VIOLATIONS TO CONGRESS.— 
Each year, the Secretary shall prepare and 
submit a report to Congress regarding the 
covered business entities that— 
(A) have failed to conduct audits required 
under this section for the preceding year or 
have been adjudicated in violation of any 
other provision of this section; or 
(B) have been found to have used forced 
labor, including the use of forced labor in 
their supply chain or by their on-site service 
providers. 
(c) AUDIT REQUIREMENTS.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—Each audit conducted 
under subsection (b)(2)(A)(i) shall meet the 
following requirements: 
(A) 
WORKER
INTERVIEWS.—The 
auditor 
shall— 
(i) select a cross-section of workers to 
interview that represents the full diversity 
of the workplace, and includes, if applicable, 
men and women, migrant workers and local 
workers, workers on different shifts, workers 
performing different tasks, and members of 
various production teams; 
(ii) if individuals under the age of 18 are 
employed at the facility of the direct sup-
plier or on-site service provider, interview a 
representative 
group 
using 
age-sensitive 
interview techniques; 
(iii) conduct interviews— 
(I) off-site of the facility and during non- 
work hours for the worker; 
(II) individually or in groups (except for 
purposes of clause (ii)); and 
(III) using methods of communication that 
limit, to the greatest practicable extent, any 
reliance on devices or services provided to 
the worker by the covered business entity, 
supplier, or on-site service provider; 
(iv) use audit tools to ensure that each 
worker is asked a comprehensive set of ques-
tions; 
(v) collect from interviewed workers copies 
of the workers’ pay stubs, in order to com-
pare the pay stubs with payment records pro-
vided by the direct supplier; 
(vi) ensure that all worker responses are 
confidential and are never shared with man-
agement; and 
(vii) interview a representative of the labor 
organization or other worker representative 
organization that represents workers at the 
facility or, if no such organization is present, 
attempt to interview a representative from a 
local worker advocacy group. 
(B) MANAGEMENT INTERVIEWS.—The auditor 
shall— 
(i) interview a cross-section of the manage-
ment of the supplier, including human re-
sources personnel, production supervisors, 
and others; and 
(ii) use audit tools to ensure that managers 
are asked a comprehensive set of questions. 
(C) REQUIRED
INFORMATION.—The auditor 
shall— 
(i) conduct a thorough review of informa-
tion regarding the supplier or on-site service 
provider to provide tangible proof of compli-
ance and to corroborate or find discrepancies 
in the information gathered through the 
worker and management interviews; and 
(ii) review, at a minimum, the following 
information related to the supplier or on-site 
service provider: 
(I) Age verification procedures and docu-
ments. 
(II) A master list of juvenile workers or in-
formation related to juvenile workers. 
(III) Selection and recruitment procedures. 
(IV) Contracts with labor brokers, if any. 
(V) Worker contracts and employment 
agreements. 
(VI) Introduction program materials. 
(VII) Personnel files. 
(VIII) Employee communication and train-
ing plans, including certifications provided 
to workers including skills training, worker 
preparedness, government certification pro-
grams, and systems or policy orientations. 
(IX) Collective bargaining agreements, in-
cluding collective bargaining representative 
certification, descriptions of the role of the 
labor organization, and minutes of the labor 
organization’s meetings. 
(X) Contracts with any security agency, 
and descriptions of the scope of responsibil-
ities of the security agency. 
(XI) Payroll and time records. 
(XII) Production capacity reports. 
(XIII) Written human resources policies 
and procedures. 
(XIV) Occupational health and safety plans 
and records including legal permits, mainte-
nance and monitoring records, injury and ac-
cident 
reports, 
investigation 
procedures, 
chemical inventories, personal protective 
equipment inventories, training certificates, 
and evacuation plans. 
(XV) Disciplinary notices. 
(XVI) Grievance reports. 
(XVII) Performance evaluations. 
(XVIII) 
Promotion 
or 
merit 
increase 
records. 
(XIX) Dismissal and suspension records of 
workers. 
(XX) Records of employees who have re-
signed. 
(XXI) Worker pay stubs. 
(D) CLOSING MEETING WITH MANAGEMENT.— 
The auditor shall hold a closing meeting 
with the management of the covered busi-
ness entity to— 
(i) report violations and nonconformities 
found in the facility; and 
(ii) determine the steps forward to address 
and remediate any problems. 
(E) REPORT
PREPARATION.—The auditor 
shall prepare a full report of the audit, which 
shall include— 
(i) a disclosure of the direct supplier’s or 
on-site service provider’s— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:57 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00051
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.047
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 97-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4992 
September 22, 2022 
(I) documented processes and procedures 
that relate to eradicating forced labor; and 
(II) 
documented 
risk 
assessment 
and 
prioritization policies as such policies relate 
to eradicating forced labor; 
(ii) a description of the worker interviews, 
manager interviews, and documentation re-
view required under subparagraphs (A), (B), 
and (C); 
(iii) a description of all violations or sus-
pected violations by the direct supplier or 
on-site service provider of any forced labor 
laws of the United States or, if applicable, 
the laws of another country as described in 
subsection (b)(2)(B)(ii)(II); and 
(iv) for each violation described in clause 
(iii), a description of any corrective and pro-
tective actions recommended for the direct 
supplier consisting of, at a minimum— 
(I) the issues relating to the violation and 
any root causes of the violation; 
(II) the implementation of a solution; and 
(III) a method to check the effectiveness of 
the solution. 
(2) ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS RELATING TO 
AUDITS.— 
(A) NO
RETALIATION
FOR
AUDIT
COOPERA-
TION.—A covered business entity or supplier, 
including a direct supplier, secondary sup-
plier, or on-site service provider, shall not 
retaliate against any worker for partici-
pating 
in 
interviews 
under 
subsection 
(c)(1)(A) or providing information necessary 
for the audit requirements under subsection 
(c)(1)(C)(ii) to the auditor. 
(B) CONTRACT
REQUIREMENTS.—Each cov-
ered business entity shall include, in any 
contract with a direct supplier or on-site 
service provider, a requirement that— 
(i) the supplier or provider shall not retali-
ate against any worker for participating in 
an audit relating to forced labor; and 
(ii) worker participation in an audit shall 
be protected through the same grievance 
mechanisms available to the worker avail-
able for any other type of workplace griev-
ance. 
(d) ENFORCEMENT.— 
(1) CIVIL DAMAGES.—The Secretary may as-
sess civil damages in an amount of not more 
than $100,000,000 if, after notice and an oppor-
tunity for a hearing, the Secretary deter-
mines that a covered business entity has vio-
lated any requirement of subsection (b)(2). 
(2) PUNITIVE DAMAGES.—In addition to dam-
ages under paragraph (1), the Secretary may 
assess punitive damages in an amount of not 
more than $500,000,000 against an entity that 
is a covered business entity or supplier, in-
cluding a direct supplier, secondary supplier, 
or on-site service provider, if, after notice 
and an opportunity for a hearing, the Sec-
retary determines the entity— 
(A) willfully violated any requirement of 
subsection (b)(2); or 
(B) willfully violated subsection (c)(2)(A). 
(3) DECLARATIVE
OR
INJUNCTIVE
RELIEF.— 
The Secretary may request the Attorney 
General institute a civil action for relief, in-
cluding a permanent or temporary injunc-
tion, restraining order, or any other appro-
priate order, in the district court of the 
United States for any district in which the 
covered business entity conducts business, 
whenever the Secretary believes that a vio-
lation of subsection (b)(2) constitutes a haz-
ard to workers. 
(e) REGULATIONS.—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the 
Secretary shall promulgate rules to carry 
out this section. 
SA 5600. Mr. HAWLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title X, add the following: 
Subtitle H—Afghanistan Vetting and 
Accountability Act of 2022 
SEC. 1081. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Afghani-
stan Vetting and Accountability Act of 
2022’’. 
SEC. 1082. VERIFICATION AND VETTING RE-
QUIREMENTS WITH RESPECT TO IN-
DIVIDUALS EVACUATED FROM AF-
GHANISTAN. 
(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) FEDERAL
MEANS-TESTED
PUBLIC
BEN-
EFIT.—The term ‘‘Federal means-tested pub-
lic benefit’’ means a Federal means-tested 
public benefit within the meaning of section 
403 of the Personal Responsibility and Work 
Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 1996 (8 
U.S.C. 1613). 
(2) INDIVIDUAL
EVACUATED
FROM
AFGHANI-
STAN.—The term ‘‘individual evacuated from 
Afghanistan’’— 
(A) means any individual, other than a 
United States citizen or a member of the 
United States Armed Forces, conveyed out of 
Afghanistan into the United States in co-
ordination with the Government of the 
United States during the period beginning on 
January 20, 2021, and ending on January 20, 
2022; and 
(B) includes each individual, other than a 
United States citizen or a member of the 
United States Armed Forces, evacuated from 
Afghanistan as part of Operation Allies Wel-
come. 
(3) 
SECRETARY.—The 
term 
‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of Homeland Security. 
(4) 
UNEMPLOYMENT
COMPENSATION.—The 
term ‘‘unemployment compensation’’ has the 
meaning given the term in section 85(b) of 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
(b) VERIFICATION
AND
VETTING
REQUIRE-
MENTS.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall verify 
the personal and biometric information and 
conduct in-person vetting of each individual 
evacuated from Afghanistan. 
(2) 
VETTING
DATABASE.—The 
Secretary 
shall develop and maintain a database that 
contains, for each individual evacuated from 
Afghanistan, the following: 
(A) Personal information, including name 
and date of birth. 
(B) Biometric information. 
(C) Any criminal record since the date on 
which the individual entered the United 
States. 
(D) Any application for, or receipt of, un-
employment compensation or a Federal 
means-tested public benefit. 
(E) The vetting status of the individual, in-
cluding whether the individual has under-
gone in-person vetting. 
(c) QUARTERLY REPORT.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not less frequently than 
quarterly until the date on which the Sec-
retary submits the certification under sub-
section (d), the Secretary shall submit to 
Congress a report detailing the compliance 
of the Secretary with subsection (b). 
(2) ELEMENTS.—Each report required by 
paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) A list of all individuals evacuated from 
Afghanistan. 
(B) With respect to each such individual— 
(i) vetting status, including whether the 
individual has undergone in-person vetting; 
(ii) an assessment as to whether the indi-
vidual has received unemployment com-
pensation or a Federal means-tested benefit; 
(iii) a description of any arrest or criminal 
record for conduct that occurred in Afghani-
stan, if available; and 
(iv) a description of any arrest or criminal 
record for conduct that occurred in the 
United States. 
(C) The estimated number of days remain-
ing 
until 
the 
Secretary 
completes 
the 
verification and vetting of each individual 
evacuated from Afghanistan as required by 
subsection (b)(1). 
(d) CERTIFICATION.—Not later than 30 days 
after the date on which the Secretary com-
pletes the verification and vetting required 
by subsection (b)(1), the Secretary shall sub-
mit to Congress a certification that such 
verification and vetting has been completed. 
(e) GAO AUDITS AND REPORTS.— 
(1) AUDITS.—The Comptroller General of 
the United States shall conduct an audit and 
investigation with respect to the compliance 
of the Secretary with this subtitle— 
(A) not later than 2 years after the date of 
the enactment of this Act; and 
(B) not later than 1 year after the date on 
which the Secretary makes the certification 
under subsection (d). 
(2) REPORTS.—Not later than 30 days after 
the completion of each audit and investiga-
tion required by paragraph (1), the Comp-
troller General shall submit to Congress a 
report on the results of the audit and inves-
tigation. 
(f) RESTRICTION ON FEDERAL ASSISTANCE.— 
An individual evacuated from Afghanistan 
who has not provided personal information 
and biometric information to the Secretary, 
and undergone in-person vetting, shall not be 
eligible to receive unemployment compensa-
tion or any Federal means-tested public ben-
efit. 
SEC. 1083. DECLASSIFICATION OF INFORMATION 
RELATED TO THE WITHDRAWAL OF 
THE 
UNITED 
STATES 
ARMED 
FORCES FROM AFGHANISTAN. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence shall— 
(1) declassify all intelligence products re-
lated to the withdrawal of the United States 
Armed Forces from Afghanistan, including 
as relate to— 
(A) anticipated timelines for a Taliban 
takeover of Afghanistan, especially as the 
Taliban seized control of additional districts 
and provinces, often without fighting, in 
early to mid 2021; 
(B) the ability of the Afghan National De-
fense and Security Forces to prevent a 
Taliban takeover of Afghanistan after the 
withdrawal of American forces and associ-
ated combat, logistical, and other support; 
(C) the willingness of then-President of the 
Islamic Republic of Afghanistan Ashraf 
Ghani and other Afghan political leaders to 
remain in Afghanistan as the military situa-
tion deteriorated, including any plans such 
leaders may have made to escape Afghani-
stan as the Taliban advanced; 
(D) threats to United States forces, dip-
lomats, or citizens in Kabul or other parts of 
Afghanistan over the course of the with-
drawal, including the noncombatant evacu-
ation operation in August 2021; 
(E) any other intelligence that may have 
informed decisions by the United States Gov-
ernment regarding the timeline for the with-
drawal of its forces, moving of its embassy in 
Kabul, initiation of a noncombatant evacu-
ation operation, force requirements for a 
noncombatant 
evacuation 
operation, 
or 
other related matters; and 
(F) any dissenting views shared in writing 
or other formats, including verbally, by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:52 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00052
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.047
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE
---

 -Page 98-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4993 
September 22, 2022 
United States military commanders, dip-
lomats, or other government officials regard-
ing the topics described in subparagraphs (A) 
through (E); and 
(2) submit to Congress an unclassified re-
port that contains— 
(A) all the information described under 
paragraph (1); and 
(B) only such redactions as the Director 
determines necessary to protect sources and 
methods. 
SA 5601. Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for her-
self, Mr. RUBIO, Ms. MURKOWSKI, Mr. 
PADILLA, Mr. CORNYN, Mr. BENNET, and 
Mrs. BLACKBURN) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title IX, add the 
following: 
SEC. 925. ESTABLISHMENT OF SPACE NATIONAL 
GUARD. 
(a) ESTABLISHMENT.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—There is established a 
Space National Guard that is part of the or-
ganized militia of the several States and 
Territories, Puerto Rico, and the District of 
Columbia— 
(A) in which the Space Force operates; and 
(B) active and inactive. 
(2) RESERVE
COMPONENT.—There is estab-
lished a Space National Guard of the United 
States that is the reserve component of the 
United States Space Force all of whose mem-
bers are members of the Space National 
Guard. 
(b) 
COMPOSITION.—The 
Space 
National 
Guard shall be composed of the Space Na-
tional Guard forces of the several States and 
Territories, Puerto Rico, and the District of 
Columbia— 
(1) in which the Space Force operates; and 
(2) active and inactive. 
(c) NO
EFFECT
ON
MILITARY
INSTALLA-
TIONS.—Nothing in this section, or the 
amendments made by this section, shall be 
construed to authorize or require the reloca-
tion of any facility, infrastructure, or mili-
tary installation of the Space National 
Guard or Air National Guard. 
(d) IMPLEMENTATION
OF
SPACE
NATIONAL 
GUARD.— 
(1) REQUIREMENT.—Except as specifically 
provided by this setion, the Secretary of the 
Air Force and the Chief of the National 
Guard Bureau shall implement this section, 
and the amendments made by this section, 
not later than 18 months after the date of 
the enactment of this Act. 
(2) BRIEFING REQUIRED.— 
(A) IN
GENERAL.—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
and annually for the five subsequent years, 
the Secretary of the Air Force, the Chief of 
the Space Force, and the Chief of the Na-
tional Guard Bureau shall jointly provide to 
the congressional defense committees a 
briefing on the status of the implementation 
of the Space National Guard pursuant to this 
section and the amendments made by this 
section. 
(B) ELEMENTS.—The briefing required by 
subparagraph (A) shall address— 
(i) the current missions, operations and ac-
tivities, personnel requirements and status, 
and budget and funding requirements and 
status of the Space National Guard; and 
(ii) such other matters with respect to the 
implementation and operation of the Space 
National Guard as the Secretary and the 
Chiefs jointly determine appropriate to keep 
Congress fully and currently informed on the 
status of the implementation of the Space 
National Guard. 
(e) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS
AND CLARI-
FICATION OF AUTHORITIES.— 
(1) DEFINITIONS.— 
(A) TITLE 10, UNITED STATES CODE.—Title 10, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(i) in section 101(c)— 
(I) by redesignating paragraphs (6) and (7) 
as paragraphs (8) and (9), respectively; and 
(II) by inserting after paragraph (5) the fol-
lowing new paragraphs: 
‘‘(6) The term ‘Space National Guard’ 
means that part of the organized militia of 
the several States and territories, Puerto 
Rico, and the District of Columbia, active 
and inactive, that— 
‘‘(A) is a space force; 
‘‘(B) is trained, and has its officers ap-
pointed under the sixteenth clause of section 
8, article I of the Constitution; 
‘‘(C) is organized, armed, and equipped 
wholly or partly at Federal expense; and 
‘‘(D) is federally recognized. 
‘‘(7) The term ‘Space National Guard of the 
United States’ means the reserve component 
of the Space Force all of whose members are 
members of the Space National Guard.’’; and 
(ii) in section 10101— 
(I) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by inserting ‘‘the following’’ before the 
colon; and 
(II) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(8) The Space National Guard of the 
United States.’’. 
(B) TITLE 32, UNITED STATES CODE.—Section 
101 of title 32, United States Code is amend-
ed— 
(i) by redesignating paragraphs (8) through 
(19) as paragraphs (10) through (21), respec-
tively; and 
(ii) by inserting after paragraph (7) the fol-
lowing new paragraphs: 
‘‘(8) The term ‘Space National Guard’ 
means that part of the organized militia of 
the several States and territories, Puerto 
Rico, and the District of Columbia, in which 
the Space Force operates, active and inac-
tive, that— 
‘‘(A) is a space force; 
‘‘(B) is trained, and has its officers ap-
pointed under the sixteenth clause of section 
8, article I of the Constitution; 
‘‘(C) is organized, armed, and equipped 
wholly or partly at Federal expense; and 
‘‘(D) is federally recognized. 
‘‘(9) The term ‘Space National Guard of the 
United States’ means the reserve component 
of the Space Force all of whose members are 
members of the Space National Guard.’’. 
(2) RESERVE COMPONENTS.—Chapter 1003 of 
title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by adding at the end the following new 
sections: 
‘‘§ 10115. Space National Guard of the United 
States: composition 
‘‘The Space National Guard of the United 
States is the reserve component of the Space 
Force that consists of— 
‘‘(1) federally recognized units and organi-
zations of the Space National Guard; and 
‘‘(2) members of the Space National Guard 
who are also Reserves of the Space Force. 
‘‘§ 10116. Space National Guard: when a com-
ponent of the Space Force 
‘‘The Space National Guard while in the 
service of the United States is a component 
of the Space Force. 
‘‘§ 10117. Space National Guard of the United 
States: status when not in Federal service 
‘‘When not on active duty, members of the 
Space National Guard of the United States 
shall be administered, armed, equipped, and 
trained in their status as members of the 
Space National Guard.’’; and 
(B) in the table of sections at the begin-
ning of such chapter, by adding at the end 
the following new items: 
‘‘10115. Space National Guard of the United 
States: composition. 
‘‘10116. Space National Guard: when a compo-
nent of the Space Force. 
‘‘10117. Space National Guard of the United 
States: status when not in Fed-
eral service.’’. 
SA 5602. Mrs. FEINSTEIN submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed 
to amendment SA 5499 submitted by 
Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) 
and intended to be proposed to the bill 
H.R. 7900, to authorize appropriations 
for fiscal year 2023 for military activi-
ties of the Department of Defense, for 
military construction, and for defense 
activities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title XXVII, add the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. 2703. AUTHORIZATION TO FUND CERTAIN 
DEMOLITION AND REMOVAL ACTIVI-
TIES THROUGH DEPARTMENT OF 
DEFENSE BASE CLOSURE ACCOUNT. 
Section 2906(c)(1) of the Defense Base Clo-
sure and Realignment Act of 1990 (part A of 
title XXIX of Public Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 
2687 note) is amended by adding at the end 
the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(E) To carry out the demolition or re-
moval of any building or structure under the 
control of the Secretary of the Navy that is 
not designated as historic under a Federal, 
State, or local law and is located on a mili-
tary installation closed or realigned under a 
base closure law (as such term is defined in 
section 101 of title 10, United States Code) at 
which 
the 
sampling 
or 
remediation 
of 
radiologically contaminated materials has 
been the subject of substantiated allegations 
of fraud, without regard to— 
‘‘(i) whether the building or structure is 
radiologically impacted; or 
‘‘(ii) whether such demolition or removal is 
carried out, as part of a response action or 
otherwise, under the Defense Environmental 
Restoration Program specified in subpara-
graph (A) or CERCLA (as such term is de-
fined in section 2700 of title 10, United States 
Code).’’. 
SA 5603. Mrs. FEINSTEIN submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed 
to amendment SA 5499 submitted by 
Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) 
and intended to be proposed to the bill 
H.R. 7900, to authorize appropriations 
for fiscal year 2023 for military activi-
ties of the Department of Defense, for 
military construction, and for defense 
activities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:52 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00053
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.046
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 99-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4994 
September 22, 2022 
SEC. 1077. DEFINITION OF LAND USE REVENUE 
UNDER WEST LOS ANGELES LEAS-
ING ACT OF 2016. 
Section 2(d)(2) of the West Los Angeles 
Leasing Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–226) is 
amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘; and’’ 
and inserting a semicolon; 
(2) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as 
subparagraph (C); and 
(3) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the 
following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(B) any funds received as compensation 
for an easement described in subsection (e); 
and’’. 
SA 5604. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be 
proposed to amendment SA 5499 sub-
mitted by Mr. REED (for himself and 
Mr. INHOFE) and intended to be pro-
posed to the bill H.R. 7900, to authorize 
appropriations for fiscal year 2023 for 
military activities of the Department 
of Defense, for military construction, 
and for defense activities of the De-
partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-
tary personnel strengths for such fiscal 
year, and for other purposes; which was 
ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1064. AIR FORCE ASSESSMENT OF COMBAT- 
TO-DWELL 
POLICY 
AND 
HEALTH 
WITHIN THE REMOTELY PILOTED 
AIRCRAFT COMMUNITY. 
(a) ASSESSMENT REQUIRED.—The Secretary 
of the Air Force shall conduct an assessment 
of— 
(1) the combat-to-dwell policy of the Air 
Force; and 
(2) health and wellness within the remotely 
piloted aircraft community. 
(b) BRIEFING AND REPORT REQUIRED.—The 
Secretary of Air Force shall— 
(1) brief the Committees on the Armed 
Services of the Senate and the House of Rep-
resentatives on the status of the assessment 
required by subsection (a) not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this 
Act; and 
(2) submit to those committees a report on 
the assessment at a time agreed to at the 
time of the briefing. 
(c) ELEMENTS OF REPORT.—The report re-
quired by subsection (b)(2) shall include the 
following: 
(1) A description of the extent to which 
data is being collected on the current status 
and strategy of achieving combat-to-dwell 
policy for the remotely piloted aircraft com-
munity, including with respect to the fol-
lowing: 
(A) The retention rate of pilots of remotely 
piloted aircraft. 
(B) The retention rate of sensor operators 
for remotely piloted aircraft. 
(C) Instructor staffing levels at the re-
motely piloted aircraft formal training unit. 
(2) An assessment of the progress on the 
metric (or set of metrics) that allows the Air 
Force to track changes in the number of pi-
lots and sensor operators of remotely piloted 
aircraft from its combined accession and re-
tention efforts over a projected timeline of 
implementing the combat-to-dwell policy by 
2024. 
(3) A description of how the Air Force is 
addressing the health and wellness of the re-
motely piloted aircraft community after the 
closure of the Culture and Process Improve-
ment Program, including with respect to the 
following: 
(A) Work shifts and hours. 
(B) Back, eyes, and other physical issues. 
(C) Mental health issues. 
SA 5605. Mr. INHOFE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1077. COST-SHARING REQUIREMENTS APPLI-
CABLE TO CERTAIN BUREAU OF 
RECLAMATION DAMS AND DIKES. 
Section 4309 of the America’s Water Infra-
structure Act of 2018 (43 U.S.C. 377b note; 
Public Law 115–270) is amended— 
(1) in the section heading, by inserting 
‘‘DAMS AND’’ before ‘‘DIKES’’; 
(2) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘effective 
beginning on the date of enactment of this 
section, the Federal share of the operations 
and maintenance costs of a dike described in 
subsection (b)’’ and inserting ‘‘the Federal 
share of the dam safety modifications costs 
of a dike described in subsection (c)’’; 
(3) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-
section (c); 
(4) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(b) GATE REPAIRS.—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law (including regula-
tions), effective during the 10-year period be-
ginning on the date of enactment of this Act, 
the Federal share of the costs to repair or re-
place a gate and any ancillary gate compo-
nents of a dam described in subsection (c) 
shall be 100 percent.’’; and 
(5) in subsection (c) (as so redesignated)— 
(A) in the subsection heading, by inserting 
‘‘DAMS AND ’’ before ‘‘DIKES’’; 
(B) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘A dike referred to in subsection 
(a) is a’’ and inserting ‘‘A dam or dike re-
ferred to in subsections (a) and (b) is a dam 
or’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘December 
31, 1945’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 1948’’. 
SA 5606. Mr. HAWLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 521. 
SA 5607. Mr. HAGERTY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1077. ADVANCE CONSULTATION WITH STATE 
AND LOCAL OFFICIALS AND MONTH-
LY 
REPORTS 
TO 
CONGRESS 
RE-
GARDING 
THE 
RESETTLEMENT, 
TRANSPORTATION, 
AND 
RELOCA-
TION OF ALIENS IN THE UNITED 
STATES. 
(a) CONSULTATION REQUIREMENT.—Not later 
than 3 business days before any resettle-
ment, transportation, or relocation of non- 
detained aliens in the United States that is 
directed, administered, or funded by the Fed-
eral Government, the Secretary of Health 
and Human Services (in the case of minors) 
or the Secretary of Homeland Security (in 
the case of adults), as appropriate, shall con-
sult with the governors and municipal chief 
executives of the directly affected States and 
local jurisdictions regarding the proposed re-
settlement, transportation, or relocation. 
(b) REPORTS REQUIRED.—Not later than 7 
days after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, and monthly thereafter, the Secretary 
of Health and Human Services and the Sec-
retary of Homeland Security, in consultation 
with other appropriate Federal officials, 
shall— 
(1) submit a State-specific report regarding 
the resettlement, transportation, or reloca-
tion of non-detained aliens in the United 
States during the preceding month that was 
directed, administered, or funded by the Fed-
eral Government or that involved aliens sub-
ject to the U.S. Immigration and Customs 
Enforcement’s Alternatives to Detention 
program that contains the information de-
scribed in subsection (c) to— 
(A) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
Senate; 
(B) the Committee on Appropriations of 
the Senate; 
(C) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
House of Representatives; 
(D) the Committee on Appropriations of 
the House of Representatives; and 
(E) the governor of each affected State; 
and 
(2) make the report described in paragraph 
(1) available on a publicly accessible website. 
(c) CONTENTS.—Each report under sub-
section (b) shall contain, with respect to 
each State— 
(1) the number of aliens resettled, trans-
ported, or relocated during the previous 
month 
and 
the 
current 
calendar 
year, 
disaggregated by— 
(A) the numbers of single adults, members 
of family units, and minors; 
(B) age; 
(C) sex; and 
(D) country of origin; 
(2) the methods used to determine the ages 
of such aliens; 
(3) the methods used to verify the familial 
status of such aliens; 
(4) the types of settings in which such 
aliens are being resettled, transported, or re-
located, which may be aggregated by the 
general type of setting; 
(5) a summary of the educational or occu-
pational resources or assistance provided to 
such aliens; 
(6) whether such aliens are granted permits 
to work and how any such aliens without a 
work permit will financially support them-
selves; 
(7) the amounts and types of Federal re-
sources spent on alien resettlement, trans-
portation, or relocation; and 
(8) whether the aliens are being resettled, 
transported, or relocated on a temporary or 
permanent basis, disaggregated by— 
(A) the numbers of single adults, members 
of family units, and minors; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:21 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00054
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.046
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 100-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4995 
September 22, 2022 
(B) age; 
(C) sex; and 
(D) country of origin. 
SA 5608. Mr. HAGERTY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1226. CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW OF CERTAIN 
ACTIONS RELATING TO SANCTIONS 
IMPOSED WITH RESPECT TO IRAN. 
(a) SUBMISSION TO CONGRESS OF PROPOSED 
ACTION.— 
(1) 
IN
GENERAL.—Notwithstanding 
any 
other provision of law, before taking any ac-
tion described in paragraph (2), the President 
shall submit to the appropriate congres-
sional committees and leadership a report 
that describes the proposed action and the 
reasons for that action. 
(2) ACTIONS DESCRIBED.— 
(A) IN
GENERAL.—An action described in 
this paragraph is— 
(i) an action to terminate the application 
of any sanctions described in subparagraph 
(B); 
(ii) with respect to sanctions described in 
subparagraph (B) imposed by the President 
with respect to a person, an action to waive 
the application of those sanctions with re-
spect to that person; or 
(iii) a licensing action that significantly 
alters United States foreign policy with re-
spect to Iran. 
(B) SANCTIONS
DESCRIBED.—The sanctions 
described in this subparagraph are sanctions 
with respect to Iran provided for under— 
(i) the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996 (Public 
Law 104–172; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note); 
(ii) the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Ac-
countability, and Divestment Act of 2010 (22 
U.S.C. 8501 et seq.); 
(iii) section 1245 of the National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (22 
U.S.C. 8513a); 
(iv) the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria 
Human Rights Act of 2012 (22 U.S.C. 8701 et 
seq.); 
(v) the Iran Freedom and Counter-Pro-
liferation Act of 2012 (22 U.S.C. 8801 et seq.); 
(vi) the International Emergency Eco-
nomic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 note); or 
(vii) any other statute or Executive order 
that requires or authorizes the imposition of 
sanctions with respect to Iran. 
(3) DESCRIPTION OF TYPE OF ACTION.—Each 
report submitted under paragraph (1) with 
respect to an action described in paragraph 
(2) shall include a description of whether the 
action— 
(A) is not intended to significantly alter 
United States foreign policy with respect to 
Iran; or 
(B) is intended to significantly alter 
United States foreign policy with respect to 
Iran. 
(4) INCLUSION OF ADDITIONAL MATTER.— 
(A) IN
GENERAL.—Each report submitted 
under paragraph (1) that relates to an action 
that is intended to significantly alter United 
States foreign policy with respect to Iran 
shall include a description of— 
(i) the significant alteration to United 
States foreign policy with respect to Iran; 
(ii) the anticipated effect of the action on 
the national security interests of the United 
States; and 
(iii) the policy objectives for which the 
sanctions affected by the action were ini-
tially imposed. 
(B) REQUESTS FROM BANKING AND FINANCIAL 
SERVICES
COMMITTEES.—The Committee on 
Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the 
Senate or the Committee on Financial Serv-
ices of the House of Representatives may re-
quest the submission to the Committee of 
the matter described in clauses (ii) and (iii) 
of subparagraph (A) with respect to a report 
submitted under paragraph (1) that relates 
to an action that is not intended to signifi-
cantly alter United States foreign policy 
with respect to Iran. 
(5) CONFIDENTIALITY OF PROPRIETARY INFOR-
MATION.—Proprietary information that can 
be associated with a particular person with 
respect to an action described in paragraph 
(2) may be included in a report submitted 
under paragraph (1) only if the appropriate 
congressional committees and leadership 
provide assurances of confidentiality, unless 
that person otherwise consents in writing to 
such disclosure. 
(6) 
RULE
OF
CONSTRUCTION.—Paragraph 
(2)(A)(iii) shall not be construed to require 
the submission of a report under paragraph 
(1) with respect to the routine issuance of a 
license that does not significantly alter 
United States foreign policy with respect to 
Iran. 
(b) PERIOD FOR REVIEW BY CONGRESS.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—During the period of 30 
calendar days beginning on the date on 
which the President submits a report under 
subsection (a)(1)— 
(A) in the case of a report that relates to 
an action that is not intended to signifi-
cantly alter United States foreign policy 
with respect to Iran, the Committee on 
Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the 
Senate and the Committee on Financial 
Services of the House of Representatives 
should, as appropriate, hold hearings and 
briefings and otherwise obtain information 
in order to fully review the report; and 
(B) in the case of a report that relates to 
an action that is intended to significantly 
alter United States foreign policy with re-
spect to Iran, the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations of the Senate and the Committee on 
Foreign Affairs of the House of Representa-
tives should, as appropriate, hold hearings 
and briefings and otherwise obtain informa-
tion in order to fully review the report. 
(2) EXCEPTION.—The period for congres-
sional review under paragraph (1) of a report 
required to be submitted under subsection 
(a)(1) shall be 60 calendar days if the report 
is submitted on or after July 10 and on or be-
fore September 7 in any calendar year. 
(3) LIMITATION ON ACTIONS DURING INITIAL 
CONGRESSIONAL
REVIEW
PERIOD.—Notwith-
standing any other provision of law, during 
the period for congressional review provided 
for under paragraph (1) of a report submitted 
under subsection (a)(1) proposing an action 
described in subsection (a)(2), including any 
additional period for such review as applica-
ble under the exception provided in para-
graph (2), the President may not take that 
action unless a joint resolution of approval 
with respect to that action is enacted in ac-
cordance with subsection (c). 
(4) LIMITATION
ON
ACTIONS
DURING
PRESI-
DENTIAL CONSIDERATION OF A JOINT RESOLU-
TION OF DISAPPROVAL.—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, if a joint resolution of 
disapproval relating to a report submitted 
under subsection (a)(1) proposing an action 
described in subsection (a)(2) passes both 
Houses of Congress in accordance with sub-
section (c), the President may not take that 
action for a period of 12 calendar days after 
the date of passage of the joint resolution of 
disapproval. 
(5) LIMITATION ON ACTIONS DURING CONGRES-
SIONAL RECONSIDERATION OF A JOINT RESOLU-
TION OF DISAPPROVAL.—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, if a joint resolution of 
disapproval relating to a report submitted 
under subsection (a)(1) proposing an action 
described in subsection (a)(2) passes both 
Houses of Congress in accordance with sub-
section (c), and the President vetoes the 
joint resolution, the President may not take 
that action for a period of 10 calendar days 
after the date of the President’s veto. 
(6) EFFECT OF ENACTMENT OF A JOINT RESO-
LUTION
OF
DISAPPROVAL.—Notwithstanding 
any other provision of law, if a joint resolu-
tion of disapproval relating to a report sub-
mitted under subsection (a)(1) proposing an 
action described in subsection (a)(2) is en-
acted in accordance with subsection (c), the 
President may not take that action. 
(c) JOINT RESOLUTIONS OF DISAPPROVAL OR 
APPROVAL.— 
(1) DEFINITIONS.—In this subsection: 
(A) JOINT
RESOLUTION
OF
APPROVAL.—The 
term ‘‘joint resolution of approval’’ means 
only a joint resolution of either House of 
Congress— 
(i) the title of which is as follows: ‘‘A joint 
resolution approving the President’s pro-
posal to take an action relating to the appli-
cation of certain sanctions with respect to 
Iran.’’; and 
(ii) the sole matter after the resolving 
clause of which is the following: ‘‘Congress 
approves of the action relating to the appli-
cation of sanctions imposed with respect to 
Iran proposed by the President in the report 
submitted 
to 
Congress 
under 
section 
1226(a)(1) of the James M. Inhofe National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 
2023 
on 
lllllll 
relating 
to 
llllllll.’’, with the first blank space 
being filled with the appropriate date and 
the second blank space being filled with a 
short description of the proposed action. 
(B) JOINT
RESOLUTION
OF
DISAPPROVAL.— 
The term ‘‘joint resolution of disapproval’’ 
means only a joint resolution of either House 
of Congress— 
(i) the title of which is as follows: ‘‘A joint 
resolution disapproving the President’s pro-
posal to take an action relating to the appli-
cation of certain sanctions with respect to 
Iran.’’; and 
(ii) the sole matter after the resolving 
clause of which is the following: ‘‘Congress 
disapproves of the action relating to the ap-
plication of sanctions imposed with respect 
to Iran proposed by the President in the re-
port submitted to Congress under section 
1226(a)(1) of the James M. Inhofe National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 
2023 
on 
lllllll 
relating 
to 
llllllll.’’, with the first blank space 
being filled with the appropriate date and 
the second blank space being filled with a 
short description of the proposed action. 
(2) INTRODUCTION.—During the period of 30 
calendar days provided for under subsection 
(b)(1), including any additional period as ap-
plicable under the exception provided in sub-
section (b)(2), a joint resolution of approval 
or joint resolution of disapproval may be in-
troduced— 
(A) in the House of Representatives, by the 
majority leader or the minority leader; and 
(B) in the Senate, by the majority leader 
(or the majority leader’s designee) or the mi-
nority leader (or the minority leader’s des-
ignee). 
(3) FLOOR CONSIDERATION IN HOUSE OF REP-
RESENTATIVES.—If a committee of the House 
of Representatives to which a joint resolu-
tion of approval or joint resolution of dis-
approval has been referred has not reported 
the joint resolution within 10 calendar days 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:52 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00055
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.051
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE
---

 -Page 101-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4996 
September 22, 2022 
after the date of referral, that committee 
shall be discharged from further consider-
ation of the joint resolution. 
(4) CONSIDERATION IN THE SENATE.— 
(A) COMMITTEE REFERRAL.—A joint resolu-
tion of approval or joint resolution of dis-
approval introduced in the Senate shall be— 
(i) referred to the Committee on Banking, 
Housing, and Urban Affairs if the joint reso-
lution relates to a report under subsection 
(a)(3)(A) that relates to an action that is not 
intended to significantly alter United States 
foreign policy with respect to Iran; and 
(ii) referred to the Committee on Foreign 
Relations if the joint resolution relates to a 
report under subsection (a)(3)(B) that relates 
to an action that is intended to significantly 
alter United States foreign policy with re-
spect to Iran. 
(B) REPORTING AND DISCHARGE.—If the com-
mittee to which a joint resolution of ap-
proval or joint resolution of disapproval was 
referred has not reported the joint resolution 
within 10 calendar days after the date of re-
ferral of the joint resolution, that committee 
shall be discharged from further consider-
ation of the joint resolution and the joint 
resolution shall be placed on the appropriate 
calendar. 
(C) PROCEEDING
TO
CONSIDERATION.—Not-
withstanding Rule XXII of the Standing 
Rules of the Senate, it is in order at any 
time after the Committee on Banking, Hous-
ing, and Urban Affairs or the Committee on 
Foreign Relations, as the case may be, re-
ports a joint resolution of approval or joint 
resolution of disapproval to the Senate or 
has been discharged from consideration of 
such a joint resolution (even though a pre-
vious motion to the same effect has been dis-
agreed to) to move to proceed to the consid-
eration of the joint resolution, and all points 
of order against the joint resolution (and 
against consideration of the joint resolution) 
are waived. The motion to proceed is not de-
batable. The motion is not subject to a mo-
tion to postpone. A motion to reconsider the 
vote by which the motion is agreed to or dis-
agreed to shall not be in order. 
(D) RULINGS OF THE CHAIR ON PROCEDURE.— 
Appeals from the decisions of the Chair re-
lating to the application of the rules of the 
Senate, as the case may be, to the procedure 
relating to a joint resolution of approval or 
joint resolution of disapproval shall be de-
cided without debate. 
(E) CONSIDERATION OF VETO MESSAGES.—De-
bate in the Senate of any veto message with 
respect to a joint resolution of approval or 
joint resolution of disapproval, including all 
debatable motions and appeals in connection 
with the joint resolution, shall be limited to 
10 hours, to be equally divided between, and 
controlled by, the majority leader and the 
minority leader or their designees. 
(5) RULES RELATING TO SENATE AND HOUSE 
OF REPRESENTATIVES.— 
(A) TREATMENT
OF
SENATE
JOINT
RESOLU-
TION IN HOUSE.—In the House of Representa-
tives, the following procedures shall apply to 
a joint resolution of approval or a joint reso-
lution of disapproval received from the Sen-
ate (unless the House has already passed a 
joint resolution relating to the same pro-
posed action): 
(i) The joint resolution shall be referred to 
the appropriate committees. 
(ii) If a committee to which a joint resolu-
tion has been referred has not reported the 
joint resolution within 2 calendar days after 
the date of referral, that committee shall be 
discharged from further consideration of the 
joint resolution. 
(iii) Beginning on the third legislative day 
after each committee to which a joint reso-
lution has been referred reports the joint res-
olution to the House or has been discharged 
from further consideration thereof, it shall 
be in order to move to proceed to consider 
the joint resolution in the House. All points 
of order against the motion are waived. Such 
a motion shall not be in order after the 
House has disposed of a motion to proceed on 
the joint resolution. The previous question 
shall be considered as ordered on the motion 
to its adoption without intervening motion. 
The motion shall not be debatable. A motion 
to reconsider the vote by which the motion 
is disposed of shall not be in order. 
(iv) The joint resolution shall be consid-
ered as read. All points of order against the 
joint resolution and against its consider-
ation are waived. The previous question shall 
be considered as ordered on the joint resolu-
tion to final passage without intervening 
motion except 2 hours of debate equally di-
vided and controlled by the sponsor of the 
joint resolution (or a designee) and an oppo-
nent. A motion to reconsider the vote on 
passage of the joint resolution shall not be in 
order. 
(B) TREATMENT OF HOUSE JOINT RESOLUTION 
IN SENATE.— 
(i) RECEIPT BEFORE PASSAGE.—If, before the 
passage by the Senate of a joint resolution of 
approval or joint resolution of disapproval, 
the Senate receives an identical joint resolu-
tion from the House of Representatives, the 
following procedures shall apply: 
(I) That joint resolution shall not be re-
ferred to a committee. 
(II) With respect to that joint resolution— 
(aa) the procedure in the Senate shall be 
the same as if no joint resolution had been 
received from the House of Representatives; 
but 
(bb) the vote on passage shall be on the 
joint resolution from the House of Rep-
resentatives. 
(ii) RECEIPT AFTER PASSAGE.—If, following 
passage of a joint resolution of approval or 
joint resolution of disapproval in the Senate, 
the Senate receives an identical joint resolu-
tion from the House of Representatives, that 
joint resolution shall be placed on the appro-
priate Senate calendar. 
(iii) NO COMPANION MEASURE.—If a joint res-
olution of approval or a joint resolution of 
disapproval is received from the House, and 
no companion joint resolution has been in-
troduced in the Senate, the Senate proce-
dures under this subsection shall apply to 
the House joint resolution. 
(C) APPLICATION TO REVENUE MEASURES.— 
The provisions of this paragraph shall not 
apply in the House of Representatives to a 
joint resolution of approval or joint resolu-
tion of disapproval that is a revenue meas-
ure. 
(6) RULES
OF
HOUSE
OF
REPRESENTATIVES 
AND SENATE.—This subsection is enacted by 
Congress— 
(A) as an exercise of the rulemaking power 
of the Senate and the House of Representa-
tives, respectively, and as such is deemed a 
part of the rules of each House, respectively, 
and supersedes other rules only to the extent 
that it is inconsistent with such rules; and 
(B) with full recognition of the constitu-
tional right of either House to change the 
rules (so far as relating to the procedure of 
that House) at any time, in the same man-
ner, and to the same extent as in the case of 
any other rule of that House. 
(d) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT-
TEES AND LEADERSHIP DEFINED.—In this sec-
tion, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional 
committees and leadership’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Banking, Housing, 
and Urban Affairs, the Committee on For-
eign Relations, and the majority and minor-
ity leaders of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Financial Services, 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the 
Speaker, the majority leader, and the minor-
ity leader of the House of Representatives. 
SA 5609. Mr. HAGERTY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1276. OFFICE OF GLOBAL WOMEN’S ISSUES 
AND THE WOMEN’S GLOBAL DEVEL-
OPMENT AND PROSPERITY INITIA-
TIVE. 
Chapter 1 of part I of the Foreign Assist-
ance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2151 et seq.) is 
amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 138. OFFICE OF GLOBAL WOMEN’S ISSUES 
AND THE WOMEN’S GLOBAL DEVEL-
OPMENT AND PROSPERITY INITIA-
TIVE. 
‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of State 
shall establish, in the Office of the Secretary 
of State, the Office of Global Women’s Issues 
(referred to in this section as the ‘Office’). 
‘‘(b) PURPOSE; DUTIES.— 
‘‘(1) PURPOSE.—The purpose of the Office is 
to advance equal opportunity for women and 
the status of women and girls in United 
States foreign policy. 
‘‘(2) DUTIES.—In carrying out the purpose 
described in paragraph (1), the Office— 
‘‘(A)(i) shall advise the Secretary of State 
and provide input on all activities, policies, 
programs, and funding relating to equal op-
portunity for women and the advancement of 
women and girls internationally to all bu-
reaus and offices of the Department of State; 
and 
‘‘(ii) may, as appropriate, provide to the 
international programs of other Federal 
agencies input on all activities, policies, pro-
grams, and funding relating to equal oppor-
tunity for women and the advancement of 
women and girls internationally; 
‘‘(B)(i) shall work to ensure that efforts to 
advance equal opportunity for women and 
men and women’s and girls’ empowerment 
are fully integrated into the programs, 
structures, processes, and capacities of all 
bureaus and offices of the Department of 
State; and 
‘‘(ii) may, as appropriate, work to ensure 
that efforts to advance equal opportunity for 
women and men and women’s and girls’ em-
powerment are fully integrated into the 
international programs of other Federal 
agencies; 
‘‘(C) shall implement the Women’s Global 
Development and Prosperity Initiative, in 
accordance with subsection (c); and 
‘‘(D) may not engage in any activities not 
described in subparagraphs (A) through (C). 
‘‘(c) WOMEN’S GLOBAL DEVELOPMENT
AND 
PROSPERITY INITIATIVE.— 
‘‘(1) ESTABLISHMENT.—The Secretary of 
State shall establish the Women’s Global De-
velopment and Prosperity Initiative (re-
ferred to in this subsection as the ‘Initia-
tive’) to carry out the activities described in 
paragraphs (2) through (4). 
‘‘(2) WOMEN
PROSPERING
IN
THE
WORK-
FORCE.—The Initiative shall advance women 
in the workforce by improving their access 
to quality vocational education and skills 
training, which will enable them to secure 
jobs in their local economies. 
‘‘(3) 
WOMEN
SUCCEEDING
AS
ENTRE-
PRENEURS.—The 
Initiative 
shall 
promote 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:52 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00056
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.050
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 102-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4997 
September 22, 2022 
women’s entrepreneurship and increasing ac-
cess to capital, financial services, markets, 
technical assistance, and mentorship. 
‘‘(4) WOMEN ENABLED IN THE ECONOMY.—The 
Initiative shall identify and reduce the bind-
ing constraints in economic and property 
laws and practices that prevent women’s full 
and free participation in the global economy 
and promote foundational legal reforms, in-
cluding— 
‘‘(A) ensuring that women can fully par-
ticipate in the workforce and engage in eco-
nomic activities by— 
‘‘(i) ending impunity for violence against 
women; 
‘‘(ii) ensuring that women have the author-
ity to sign legal documents, such as con-
tracts and court documents; and 
‘‘(iii) addressing unequal access to courts 
and administrative bodies for women, wheth-
er officially or through lack of proper en-
forcement; 
‘‘(B) ensuring women’s equal access to 
credit and capital to start and grow their 
businesses, savings, and investments, includ-
ing prohibiting discrimination in access to 
credit on the basis of sex or marital status; 
‘‘(C) lifting restrictions on women’s right 
to own, manage, and make decisions relating 
to the use of property, including repealing 
limitations on inheritance and ensuring the 
ability to transfer, purchase, or lease such 
property; 
‘‘(D) addressing constraints on women’s 
freedom of movement, including sex-based 
restrictions on obtaining passports and iden-
tification documents; and 
‘‘(E) promoting the free and equal partici-
pation of women in the economy with regard 
to working hours, occupations, and occupa-
tional tasks. 
‘‘(d) SUPERVISION.—The Office shall be 
headed by an Ambassador-at-Large for Glob-
al Women’s Issues and the Women’s Global 
Development and Prosperity Initiative (re-
ferred to in this section as the ‘Ambas-
sador’), who shall— 
‘‘(1) be appointed by the President, with 
the advice and consent of the Senate; 
‘‘(2) report directly to the Secretary; and 
‘‘(3) have the rank and status of Ambas-
sador-at-Large. 
‘‘(e) COORDINATION.—United States Govern-
ment efforts to advance women’s economic 
empowerment 
globally 
shall 
be 
closely 
aligned and coordinated with the Initiative. 
‘‘(f) ABORTION NEUTRALITY.— 
‘‘(1) PROHIBITIONS.—The Office, the Initia-
tive, and the Ambassador may not— 
‘‘(A) 
lobby 
other 
countries, 
including 
through multilateral mechanisms and for-
eign nongovernmental organizations— 
‘‘(i) to change domestic laws or policies 
with respect to abortion; or 
‘‘(ii) 
to 
include 
abortion 
as 
a 
pro-
grammatic requirement of any foreign ac-
tivities; or 
‘‘(B) provide Federal funding appropriated 
for foreign assistance to pay for or to pro-
mote abortion. 
‘‘(2) LIMITATIONS
ON
USE
OF
FUNDS.— 
Amounts appropriated for the Office or the 
Initiative may not be used— 
‘‘(A) to lobby other countries, including 
through multilateral mechanisms and for-
eign nongovernmental organizations— 
‘‘(i) to change domestic laws or policies 
with respect to abortion; or 
‘‘(ii) 
to 
include 
abortion 
as 
a 
pro-
grammatic requirement of any foreign ac-
tivities; or 
‘‘(B) to provide Federal foreign assistance 
funding to pay for or to promote abortion. 
‘‘(3) CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in this sub-
section may be construed to prevent— 
‘‘(A) the funding of activities for the pur-
pose of treating injuries or illnesses caused 
by legal or illegal abortions; or 
‘‘(B) agencies or officers of the United 
States from engaging in activities in opposi-
tion to policies of coercive abortion or invol-
untary sterilization. 
‘‘(g) REPORT.—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this section, 
and not less frequently than annually there-
after, the Secretary of State shall— 
‘‘(1) submit a written report to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations of the Senate, the 
Committee on Foreign Relations of the Sen-
ate, the Committee on Appropriations of the 
House of Representatives, and the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs of the House of 
Representatives that describes the imple-
mentation of this section, including— 
‘‘(A) measures taken to ensure compliance 
with subsection (f); and 
‘‘(B) with respect to funds appropriated 
pursuant to subsection (h)— 
‘‘(i) amounts awarded to prime recipients 
and subrecipients since the end of the pre-
vious reporting period; and 
‘‘(ii) descriptions of each program for 
which such funds are used; and 
‘‘(2) make such report publicly available. 
‘‘(h) FUNDING.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—There shall be reserved 
to carry out this section, from funds made 
available for development assistance pro-
grams of the United States Agency for Inter-
national Development, $200,000,000, for each 
of the fiscal years 2023 through 2027, which 
shall be— 
‘‘(A) deposited into the Women’s Global 
Development and Prosperity Fund (W–GDP); 
‘‘(B) administered by the United States 
Agency for International Development; 
‘‘(C) expended solely for the purpose, du-
ties, and activities set forth in subsections 
(b) and (c); and 
‘‘(D) expended, to the greatest extent prac-
ticable, in support of removing legal barriers 
to women’s economic freedom in accordance 
with the findings of the W–GDP Women’s 
Economic Freedom Index report published 
by the Council of Economic Advisers in Feb-
ruary 2020. 
‘‘(2) REQUIREMENT.—Notwithstanding para-
graph (1), amounts reserved under paragraph 
(1) for fiscal year 2024, or for any later fiscal 
year, may not be obligated or expended un-
less the most recent report submitted pursu-
ant to subsection (g)(1) includes the informa-
tion required under subparagraphs (A) and 
(B) of subsection (g)(1). 
‘‘(3) 
OVERSIGHT.—The 
expenditure 
of 
amounts reserved under paragraph (1) shall 
be jointly overseen by— 
‘‘(A) the United States Agency for Inter-
national Development; 
‘‘(B) the Ambassador; and 
‘‘(C) the Initiative.’’. 
SA 5610. Mr. HAGERTY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title XV, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1531. REPORT ON INCREASING TRAINING 
CAPACITY FOR WEAPONS OF MASS 
DESTRUCTION 
CIVIL 
SUPPORT 
TEAMS. 
Not later than December 31, 2023, the Sec-
retary of Defense, in consultation with the 
Chief of the National Guard Bureau and the 
Secretary of Energy, shall submit to the con-
gressional defense committees a report— 
(1) assessing the feasibility of increasing 
training capacity for weapons of mass de-
struction civil support teams, including 
through— 
(A) the establishment of new facilities and 
programs to provide such training; and 
(B) the augmentation of existing facilities 
and programs to provide such training; 
(2) estimating the costs associated with in-
creasing training capacity as described in 
paragraph (1); and 
(3) identifying facilities and programs that 
could be established or augmented as de-
scribed in paragraph (1). 
SA 5611. Mr. HAGERTY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1064. REPORT ON IMPACT OF GLOBAL CRIT-
ICAL 
MINERAL 
AND 
METAL 
RE-
SERVES ON UNITED STATES MILI-
TARY EQUIPMENT SUPPLY CHAINS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary of Defense, in coordination 
with the Secretary of Energy, shall submit 
to Congress a report on the impact of global 
critical mineral and metal reserves on 
United States military equipment supply 
chains. 
(b) ELEMENTS.—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall include— 
(1) an assessment of the efforts of the Peo-
ple’s Republic of China and the Russian Fed-
eration to acquire global reserves of critical 
minerals and metals, including reserves of 
lithium, tungsten, tantalum, cobalt, and mo-
lybdenum; 
(2) a description of the efforts of the De-
partment of Defense to procure critical min-
erals and metals; and 
(3) a description of planned investments by 
the Department to ensure the resiliency and 
security of United States military supply 
chains requiring critical minerals and met-
als. 
(c) FORM.—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified 
form and include a classified annex. 
SA 5612. Mr. HAGERTY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lllll. DISCLOSE GOVERNMENT CENSOR-
SHIP. 
(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:52 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00057
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.044
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 103-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4998 
September 22, 2022 
(1) INFORMATION CONTENT PROVIDER; INTER-
ACTIVE
COMPUTER
SERVICE.—The terms ‘‘in-
formation content provider’’ and ‘‘inter-
active computer service’’ have the meanings 
given the terms in section 230 of the Commu-
nications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 230). 
(2) LEGITIMATE
LAW
ENFORCEMENT
PUR-
POSE.—The term ‘‘legitimate law enforce-
ment purpose’’ means for the purpose of in-
vestigating a criminal offense by a law en-
forcement agency that is within the lawful 
authority of that agency. 
(3) NATIONAL SECURITY PURPOSE.—The term 
‘‘national security purpose’’ means a purpose 
that relates to— 
(A) intelligence activities; 
(B) cryptologic activities related to na-
tional security; 
(C) command and control of military 
forces; 
(D) equipment that is an integral part of a 
weapon or weapons system; or 
(E) the direct fulfillment of military or in-
telligence missions. 
(b) DISCLOSURES.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—Except as provided in 
paragraph (3), any officer or employee in the 
executive or legislative branch shall disclose 
and, in the case of a written communication, 
make available for public inspection, on a 
public website in accordance with paragraph 
(4), any communication by that officer or 
employee with a provider or operator of an 
interactive computer service regarding ac-
tion or potential action by the provider or 
operator to restrict access to or the avail-
ability of, bar or limit access to, or decrease 
the dissemination or visibility to users of, 
material posted by another information con-
tent provider, whether the action is or would 
be carried out manually or through use of an 
algorithm or other automated or semi-auto-
mated process. 
(2) TIMING.—The disclosure required under 
paragraph (1) shall be made not later than 7 
days after the date on which the communica-
tion is made. 
(3) LEGITIMATE LAW ENFORCEMENT AND NA-
TIONAL SECURITY PURPOSES.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—Any communication for a 
legitimate law enforcement purpose or na-
tional security purpose shall be disclosed 
and, in the case of a written communication, 
made available for inspection, to each House 
of Congress. 
(B) TIMING.—The disclosure required under 
subparagraph (A) shall be made not later 
than 60 days after the date on which the 
communication is made. 
(C) RECEIPT.—Upon receipt, each House 
shall provide copies to the chairman and 
ranking member of each standing committee 
with jurisdiction under the rules of the 
House of Representatives or the Senate re-
garding the subject matter to which the 
communication pertains. Such information 
shall be deemed the property of such com-
mittee and may not be disclosed except— 
(i) in accordance with the rules of the com-
mittee; 
(ii) in accordance with the rules of the 
House of Representatives and the Senate; 
and 
(iii) as permitted by law. 
(4) WEBSITE.— 
(A) LEGISLATIVE BRANCH.—The Sergeant at 
Arms of the Senate and the Sergeant at 
Arms of the House of Representatives shall 
designate a single location on an internet 
website where the disclosures and commu-
nications of employees and officers in the 
legislative branch shall be published in ac-
cordance with paragraph (1). 
(B) EXECUTIVE
BRANCH.—The Director of 
the Office of Management and Budget shall 
designate a single location on an internet 
website where the disclosures and commu-
nications of employees and officers in the ex-
ecutive branch shall be published in accord-
ance with paragraph (1). 
(5) NOTICE.—The Sergeant at Arms of the 
Senate, the Sergeant at Arms of the House of 
Representatives, and the Director of the Of-
fice of Management and Budget shall take 
reasonable steps to ensure that each officer 
and employee of the legislative branch and 
executive branch, as applicable, are informed 
of the duties imposed by this section. 
(6) CONFLICTS
OF
INTEREST.—Any person 
who is a former officer or employee of the 
executive branch of the United States (in-
cluding any independent agency) or any per-
son who is a former officer or employee of 
the legislative branch or a former Member of 
Congress, who personally and substantially 
participated in any communication under 
paragraph (1) while serving as an officer, em-
ployee, or Member of Congress, shall not, 
within 2 years after any such communication 
under paragraph (1) or 1 year after termi-
nation of his or her service as an officer, em-
ployee, or Member of Congress, whichever is 
later, knowingly make, with the intent to 
influence, any communication to or appear-
ance before any officer or employee of any 
department, agency, court, or court-martial 
of the United States, on behalf of any person 
with which the former officer or employee 
personally and substantially participated in 
such communication under paragraph (1). 
(7) PENALTIES.—Any person who violates 
paragraph (1), (2), (3), or (6) shall be punished 
as provided in section 216 of title 18, United 
States Code. 
SA 5613. Mr. HAGERTY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title III, add the 
following: 
SEC. 357. BRIEFING ON DEPOT MAINTENANCE. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Readi-
ness shall brief the congressional defense 
committees on the source of repair decision- 
making process of the Department of De-
fense for depots. 
(b) ELEMENTS.—The briefing required under 
subsection (a) shall include— 
(1) information on how costs and risks to 
readiness of the Armed Forces are being ad-
dressed in the process described in sub-
section (a); 
(2) a timeline for decision making under 
such process; and 
(3) an assessment of the objective balance 
of workload between the public and private 
sectors under such process. 
SA 5614. Mr. HAGERTY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title III, add the 
following: 
SEC. 357. REQUIREMENT TO MAINTAIN ACCESS 
TO 
CERTAIN 
CATEGORY 
3 
SUB-
TERRANEAN TRAINING FACILITIES. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense 
shall ensure that the Department of Defense 
maintains access to a covered category 3 
subterranean training facility on a con-
tinuing basis. 
(b) AUTHORITY TO ENTER INTO LEASE.—The 
Secretary may enter into a short-term lease 
with a provider of a covered category 3 sub-
terranean training facility for purposes of 
compliance with subsection (a). 
(c) COVERED
CATEGORY
3 SUBTERRANEAN 
TRAINING FACILITY DEFINED.—In this section, 
the term ‘‘covered category 3 subterranean 
training facility’’ means a category 3 sub-
terranean training facility that is— 
(1) operational as of the date of the enact-
ment of this Act; and 
(2) determined by the Secretary to be safe 
for use as of such date. 
SA 5615. Mrs. BLACKBURN (for her-
self and Mr. LUJAN) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll. STUDY ON NATIONAL LABORATORY 
CONSORTIUM 
FOR 
CYBER 
RESIL-
IENCE. 
(a) STUDY
REQUIRED.—The Secretary of 
Homeland Security shall, in coordination 
with the Secretary of Energy and the Sec-
retary of Defense, conduct a study to analyze 
the feasibility of authorizing a consortia 
within the National Laboratory system to 
address information technology and oper-
ational 
technology 
cybersecurity 
vulnerabilities in critical infrastructure (as 
defined in section 1016(e) of the Critical In-
frastructures Protection Act of 2001 (42 
U.S.C. 5195c(e)). 
(b) ELEMENTS.—The study required under 
subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) An analysis of any additional authori-
ties needed to establish a research and devel-
opment program to leverage the expertise at 
the Department of Energy National Labora-
tories to accelerate development and deliv-
ery of advanced tools and techniques to de-
fend critical infrastructure against cyber in-
trusions and enable resilient operations dur-
ing a cyber attack. 
(2) Evaluation of potential pilot programs 
in research, innovation transfer, academic 
partnerships, and industry partnerships for 
critical infrastructure protection research. 
(3) Identification of and assessment of 
near-term actions, and cost estimates, nec-
essary for the proposed consortia to be estab-
lished and effective at a broad scale expedi-
tiously. 
(c) REPORT.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 120 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary of Homeland Security shall 
submit to the appropriate committees of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:52 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00058
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.044
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 104-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S4999 
September 22, 2022 
Congress a report on the findings of the Sec-
retary with respect to the study conducted 
under subsection (a). 
(2) FORM.—The report submitted under 
paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassi-
fied form, but may include a classified 
annex. 
(3) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS 
DEFINED.—In this subsection, the term ‘‘ap-
propriate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(A) Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee Energy and Natural Resources, 
and the Committee on Homeland Security 
and Government Affairs of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, and 
the Committee on Homeland Security of the 
House of Representatives. 
SA 5616. Mrs. HYDE-SMITH sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be 
proposed to amendment SA 5499 sub-
mitted by Mr. REED (for himself and 
Mr. INHOFE) and intended to be pro-
posed to the bill H.R. 7900, to authorize 
appropriations for fiscal year 2023 for 
military activities of the Department 
of Defense, for military construction, 
and for defense activities of the De-
partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-
tary personnel strengths for such fiscal 
year, and for other purposes; which was 
ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title I, add the 
following: 
SEC. 144. PROHIBITION ON REDUCTION IN NUM-
BER OF T–1A AIRCRAFT IN THE 
TRAINING AIRCRAFT INVENTORY. 
None of the funds authorized to be appro-
priated by this Act for the Air Force for fis-
cal year 2023 may be used to reduce the num-
ber of T–1A aircraft in the training aircraft 
inventory of the Air Force. 
SA 5617. Mrs. HYDE-SMITH sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be 
proposed to amendment SA 5499 sub-
mitted by Mr. REED (for himself and 
Mr. INHOFE) and intended to be pro-
posed to the bill H.R. 7900, to authorize 
appropriations for fiscal year 2023 for 
military activities of the Department 
of Defense, for military construction, 
and for defense activities of the De-
partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-
tary personnel strengths for such fiscal 
year, and for other purposes; which was 
ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title V, add the 
following: 
SEC. 517. DIVESTITURE OF TACTICAL CONTROL 
PARTY. 
No divestiture of any Tactical Control 
Party specialist force structure from the Air 
National Guard may occur until the Chief of 
the National Guard Bureau, in consultation 
with the Chief of Staff of the Army and the 
Chief of Staff of the Air Force, provides a re-
port to the congressional defense commit-
tees describing— 
(1) the capability gaps caused by divesti-
ture of Tactical Control Party force struc-
ture from the Air National Guard and its im-
pact on the Department of Defense to exe-
cute the National Defense Strategy; and 
(2) the impacts of such divestiture to the 
operational capabilities of the Army Na-
tional Guard. 
SA 5618. Mr. LANKFORD submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed 
to amendment SA 5499 submitted by 
Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) 
and intended to be proposed to the bill 
H.R. 7900, to authorize appropriations 
for fiscal year 2023 for military activi-
ties of the Department of Defense, for 
military construction, and for defense 
activities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title II, insert 
the following: 
SEC. lll. PROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR ENTITIES WHO MAIN-
TAIN CONTRACTS WITH CERTAIN IN-
STITUTIONS OF HIGHER EDUCATION 
DOMICILED IN THE PEOPLE’S RE-
PUBLIC OF CHINA. 
(a) PROHIBITION.—None of the funds author-
ized to be appropriated by section 201 may be 
obligated or expended to provide to an entity 
that maintains a contract between the enti-
ty and an entity identified on the list estab-
lished under subsection (b)(2). 
(b) LIST.— 
(1) IDENTIFICATION.—The Secretary of De-
fense shall, in consultation with the Director 
of National Intelligence, identify each entity 
that is an institution of higher education 
domiciled in the People’s Republic of China 
that provides support to the People’s Libera-
tion Army, including involvement in the im-
plementation of the military-civil fusion 
strategy of China and participation in the 
defense industrial base of China. 
(2) ESTABLISHMENT AND SUBMITTAL TO CON-
GRESS.—Not later than 180 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-
retary shall establish and submit to the ap-
propriate congressional committees a list of 
each entity identified pursuant to paragraph 
(1). 
(3) ADDITIONS
AND
DELETIONS.—The Sec-
retary shall, in consultation with the Direc-
tor, make additions or deletions to the most 
recent list established under paragraph (2) on 
an ongoing basis based on the latest informa-
tion available to the Secretary. 
(4) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS 
DEFINED.—In this subsection, the term ‘‘ap-
propriate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Select Committee on Intelligence, and the 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor and 
Pensions of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Education and Labor, and the 
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence 
of the House of Representatives. 
SA 5619. Mr. LANKFORD submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed 
to amendment SA 5499 submitted by 
Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) 
and intended to be proposed to the bill 
H.R. 7900, to authorize appropriations 
for fiscal year 2023 for military activi-
ties of the Department of Defense, for 
military construction, and for defense 
activities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1064. REPORT ON PHARMACEUTICALS IM-
PORTED FROM THE PEOPLE’S RE-
PUBLIC OF CHINA. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Commissioner of Food and Drugs, in con-
sultation with the United States Trade Rep-
resentative, shall submit to the appropriate 
congressional committees a report that sets 
forth a list of— 
(1) each finished pharmaceutical product 
that is imported into the United States from 
the People’s Republic of China in a quantity 
that exceeds 20 percent of the quantity of the 
product available for use in the United 
States; and 
(2) each active pharmaceutical ingredient 
that is imported into the United States from 
the People’s Republic of China in a quantity 
that exceeds 20 percent of the quantity of the 
ingredient available for use in the United 
States. 
(b) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT-
TEES
DEFINED.—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate 
congressional 
committees’’ 
means— 
(1) the Committee on Health, Education, 
Labor, and Pensions and the Committee on 
Finance of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Energy and Com-
merce and the Committee on Ways and 
Means of the House of Representatives. 
SA 5620. Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself 
and Mr. RISCH) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
DIVISION E—DEPARTMENT OF STATE 
AUTHORIZATIONS 
SEC. 5001. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Depart-
ment of State Authorization Act of 2022’’. 
SEC. 5002. DEFINITIONS. 
In this division: 
(1) ADMINISTRATOR.—The term ‘‘Adminis-
trator’’ means the Administrator of the 
United States Agency for International De-
velopment. 
(2) APPROPRIATE
CONGRESSIONAL
COMMIT-
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional 
committees’’ means the Committee on For-
eign Relations of the Senate and the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs of the House of 
Representatives. 
(3) DEPARTMENT.—Unless otherwise speci-
fied, the term ‘‘Department’’ means the De-
partment of State. 
(4) SECRETARY.—Unless otherwise specified, 
the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary 
of State. 
(5) USAID.—The term ‘‘USAID’’ means the 
United States Agency for International De-
velopment. 
TITLE 
LI—ORGANIZATION 
AND 
OPER-
ATIONS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE 
SEC. 5101. MODERNIZING THE BUREAU OF ARMS 
CONTROL, VERIFICATION, AND COM-
PLIANCE 
AND 
THE 
BUREAU 
OF 
INTERNATIONAL 
SECURITY 
AND 
NONPROLIFERATION. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) the Secretary should take steps to ad-
dress staffing shortfalls in the chemical, bio-
logical, and nuclear weapons issue areas in 
the Bureau of Arms Control, Verification, 
and Compliance and in the Bureau of Inter-
national Security and Nonproliferation; 
(2) 
maintaining 
a 
fully 
staffed 
and 
resourced 
Bureau 
of 
Arms 
Control, 
Verification, and Compliance and Bureau of 
International Security and Nonproliferation 
is necessary to effectively confront the 
threat of increased global proliferation; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:52 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00059
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.045
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 105-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S5000 
September 22, 2022 
(3) 
the 
Bureau 
of 
Arms 
Control, 
Verification, and Compliance and the Bureau 
of International Security and Nonprolifera-
tion should increase efforts and dedicate re-
sources to combat the dangers posed by the 
People’s Republic of China’s conventional 
and nuclear build-up, the Russian Federa-
tion’s tactical nuclear weapons and new 
types of nuclear weapons, bioweapons pro-
liferation, dual use of life sciences research, 
and chemical weapons. 
SEC. 5102. NOTIFICATION TO CONGRESS FOR 
UNITED STATES NATIONALS UNLAW-
FULLY OR WRONGFULLY DETAINED 
ABROAD. 
Section 302 of the Robert Levinson Hostage 
Recovery 
and 
Hostage-Taking 
Account-
ability Act (22 U.S.C. 1741) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘, as ex-
peditiously as possible,’’ after ‘‘review’’; and 
(2) by amending subsection (b) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(b) REFERRALS TO SPECIAL ENVOY; NOTIFI-
CATION TO CONGRESS.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—Upon a determination by 
the Secretary of State, based on the totality 
of the circumstances, that there is credible 
information that the detention of a United 
States national abroad is unlawful or wrong-
ful, and regardless of whether the detention 
is by a foreign government or a nongovern-
mental actor, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) expeditiously transfer responsibility 
for such case from the Bureau of Consular 
Affairs of the Department of State to the 
Special Envoy for Hostage Affairs; and 
‘‘(B) not later than 14 days after such de-
termination, notify the Committee on For-
eign Relations of the Senate and the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs of the House of 
Representatives of such determination and 
provide such committees with a summary of 
the facts that led to such determination. 
‘‘(2) FORM.—The notification described in 
paragraph (1)(B) may be classified, if nec-
essary.’’. 
SEC. 5103. FAMILY ENGAGEMENT COORDINATOR. 
Section 303 of the Robert Levinson Hostage 
Recovery 
and 
Hostage-Taking 
Account-
ability Act (22 U.S.C. 1741a) is amended by 
adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(d) FAMILY ENGAGEMENT COORDINATOR.— 
There shall be, in the Office of the Special 
Presidential Envoy for Hostage Affairs, a 
Family Engagement Coordinator, who shall 
ensure— 
‘‘(1) for a United States national unlaw-
fully or wrongfully detained abroad, that— 
‘‘(A) any interaction by executive branch 
officials with any family member of such 
United States national occurs in a coordi-
nated fashion; 
‘‘(B) such family member receives con-
sistent and accurate information from the 
United States Government; and 
‘‘(C) appropriate coordination with the 
Family Engagement Coordinator described 
in section 304(c)(2); and 
‘‘(2) for a United States national held hos-
tage abroad, that any engagement with a 
family member is coordinated with, con-
sistent with, and not duplicative of the ef-
forts of the Family Engagement Coordinator 
described in section 304(c)(2).’’. 
SEC. 5104. REWARDS FOR JUSTICE. 
Section 36(b) of the State Department 
Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 
2708(b)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘or (10);’’ 
and inserting ‘‘(10), or (14);’’; 
(2) in paragraph (12), by striking ‘‘or’’ at 
the end; 
(3) in paragraph (13), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(14) the prevention, frustration, or resolu-
tion of the hostage taking of a United States 
person, the identification, location, arrest, 
or conviction of a person responsible for the 
hostage taking of a United States person, or 
the location of a United States person who 
has been taken hostage, in any country.’’. 
SEC. 5105. ENSURING GEOGRAPHIC DIVERSITY 
AND ACCESSIBILITY OF PASSPORT 
AGENCIES. 
(a) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of 
Congress that Department initiatives to ex-
pand passport services and accessibility, in-
cluding 
through 
online 
modernization 
projects, should include the construction of 
new physical passport agencies. 
(b) REVIEW.—The Secretary shall conduct a 
review of the geographic diversity and acces-
sibility of existing passport agencies to iden-
tify— 
(1) the geographic areas in the United 
States that are farther than 6 hours’ driving 
distance from the nearest passport agency; 
(2) the per capita demand for passport serv-
ices in the areas described in paragraph (1); 
and 
(3) a plan to ensure that in-person services 
at physical passport agencies are accessible 
to all eligible Americans, including Ameri-
cans living in large population centers, in 
rural areas, and in States with a high per 
capita demand for passport services. 
(c) CONSIDERATIONS.—The Secretary shall 
consider the metrics identified in paragraphs 
(1) and (2) of subsection (b) when determining 
locations for the establishment of new phys-
ical passport agencies. 
(d) REPORT.—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the 
Secretary shall submit a report to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, 
the Committee on Appropriations of the Sen-
ate, the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the 
House of Representatives, and the Com-
mittee on Appropriations of the House of 
Representatives that contains the findings of 
the review conducted pursuant to subsection 
(b). 
SEC. 5106. CULTURAL ANTIQUITIES TASK FORCE. 
The Secretary is authorized to use up to 
$1,000,000 for grants to carry out the activi-
ties of the Cultural Antiquities Task Force. 
SEC. 5107. BRIEFING ON ‘‘CHINA HOUSE’’. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of 
State shall brief the appropriate congres-
sional committees regarding the organiza-
tional structure, personnel, resources, and 
mission of the Department of State’s ‘‘China 
House’’ team. 
SEC. 5108. OFFICE OF SANCTIONS COORDINA-
TION. 
(a) EXTENSION OF AUTHORITIES.—Section 1 
of the State Department Basic Authorities 
Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2651a) is amended, in 
paragraph (4)(B) of subsection (l), as redesig-
nated by section 5502(a)(2) of this Act, by 
striking ‘‘the date that is two years after the 
date of the enactment of this subsection’’ 
and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2024’’. 
(b) BRIEFING.—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Of-
fice of Sanctions Coordination shall brief the 
appropriate congressional committees with 
respect to the steps the Office has taken to 
coordinate its activities with the Office of 
Foreign Assets Control and humanitarian 
aid programs, in an effort to help ensure ap-
propriate flows of humanitarian assistance 
and goods to countries subject to United 
States sanctions. 
TITLE LII—PERSONNEL ISSUES 
SEC. 5201. DEPARTMENT OF STATE PAID STU-
DENT INTERNSHIP PROGRAM. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall es-
tablish the Department of State Student In-
ternship Program (referred to in this section 
as the ‘‘Program’’) to offer internship oppor-
tunities at the Department to eligible stu-
dents to raise awareness of the essential role 
of diplomacy in the conduct of United States 
foreign policy and the realization of United 
States foreign policy objectives. 
(b) ELIGIBILITY.—An applicant is eligible to 
participate in the Program if the applicant— 
(1) is enrolled at least half-time at— 
(A) an institution of higher education (as 
such term is defined in section 102(a) of the 
Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 
1002(a))); or 
(B) an institution of higher education 
based outside the United States, as deter-
mined by the Secretary of State; and 
(2) is eligible to receive and hold an appro-
priate security clearance. 
(c) SELECTION.—The Secretary shall estab-
lish selection criteria for students to be ad-
mitted into the Program that includes a 
demonstrated interest in a career in foreign 
affairs. 
(d) OUTREACH.—The Secretary shall— 
(1) widely advertise the Program, includ-
ing— 
(A) on the internet; 
(B) through the Department’s Diplomats in 
Residence program; and 
(C) through other outreach and recruiting 
initiatives 
targeting 
undergraduate 
and 
graduate students; and 
(2) conduct targeted outreach to encourage 
participation in the Program from— 
(A) individuals belonging to an underrep-
resented group; and 
(B) students enrolled at minority-serving 
institutions (which shall include any institu-
tion listed in section 371(a) of the Higher 
Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1067q(a)). 
(e) COMPENSATION.— 
(1) HOUSING ASSISTANCE.— 
(A) ABROAD.—The Secretary shall provide 
housing assistance to any student partici-
pating in the Program whose permanent ad-
dress is within the United States if the loca-
tion of the internship in which such student 
is participating is outside of the United 
States. 
(B) DOMESTIC.—The Secretary may provide 
housing assistance to a student participating 
in the Program whose permanent address is 
within the United States if the location of 
the internship in which such student is par-
ticipating is more than 50 miles away from 
such student’s permanent address. 
(2) TRAVEL
ASSISTANCE.—The Secretary 
shall provide a student participating in the 
Program whose permanent address is within 
the United States with financial assistance 
that is sufficient to cover the travel costs of 
a single round trip by air, train, bus, or other 
appropriate transportation between the stu-
dent’s permanent address and the location of 
the internship in which such student is par-
ticipating if such location is— 
(A) more than 50 miles from the student’s 
permanent address; or 
(B) outside of the United States. 
(f) WORKING WITH INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER 
EDUCATION.—The Secretary, to the maximum 
extent practicable, shall structure intern-
ships to ensure that such internships satisfy 
criteria for academic credit at the institu-
tions of higher education in which partici-
pants in such internships are enrolled. 
(g) TRANSITION PERIOD.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—Except as provided in 
paragraphs (2) and (3), beginning not later 
than 2 years after the date of the enactment 
of this Act— 
(A) the Secretary shall convert unpaid in-
ternship programs of the Department, in-
cluding the Foreign Service Internship Pro-
gram, to internship programs that offer com-
pensation; and 
(B) upon selection as a candidate for entry 
into an internship program of the Depart-
ment, a participant in such internship pro-
gram may refuse compensation, including if 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:52 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00060
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.052
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 106-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S5001 
September 22, 2022 
doing so allows such participant to receive 
college or university curricular credit. 
(2) EXCEPTION.—The transition required 
under paragraph (1) shall not apply to unpaid 
internship programs of the Department that 
are part of the Virtual Student Federal Serv-
ice internship program. 
(3) WAIVER.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary may waive 
the requirement under paragraph (1)(A) with 
respect to a particular unpaid internship 
program if the Secretary, not later than 30 
days after making a determination that the 
conversion of such internship program to a 
compensated internship program would not 
be consistent with effective management 
goals, submits a report explaining such de-
termination to— 
(i) the appropriate congressional commit-
tees; 
(ii) the Committee on Appropriations of 
the Senate; and 
(iii) the Committee on Appropriations of 
the House of Representatives. 
(B) REPORT.—The report required under 
subparagraph (A) shall— 
(i) describe the reasons why converting an 
unpaid internship program of the Depart-
ment to an internship program that offers 
compensation would not be consistent with 
effective management goals; and 
(ii)(I) provide justification for maintaining 
such unpaid status indefinitely; or 
(II) identify any additional authorities or 
resources that would be necessary to convert 
such unpaid internship program to offer 
compensation in the future. 
(h) REPORTS.—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary of State shall submit a report 
to the committees referred to in subsection 
(g)(3)(A) that includes— 
(1) data, to the extent the collection of 
such information is permissible by law, re-
garding the number of students who applied 
to the Program, were offered a position, and 
participated, respectively, disaggregated by 
race, ethnicity, gender, institution of higher 
education, home State, State where each 
student graduated from high school, and dis-
ability status; 
(2) data regarding the number of security 
clearance investigations initiated for the 
students described in paragraph (1), includ-
ing the timeline for such investigations, 
whether such investigations were completed, 
and when an interim security clearance was 
granted; 
(3) information on Program expenditures; 
and 
(4) information regarding the Department’s 
compliance with subsection (g). 
(i) VOLUNTARY PARTICIPATION.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—Nothing in this section 
may be construed to compel any student who 
is a participant in an internship program of 
the Department to participate in the collec-
tion of the data or divulge any personal in-
formation. Such students shall be informed 
that their participation in the data collec-
tion under this section is voluntary. 
(2) PRIVACY
PROTECTION.—Any data col-
lected under this section shall be subject to 
the relevant privacy protection statutes and 
regulations applicable to Federal employees. 
(j) SPECIAL HIRING AUTHORITY.—Notwith-
standing any other provision of law, the Sec-
retary, in consultation with the Director of 
the Office of Personnel Management, with 
respect to the number of interns to be hired 
each year, may— 
(1) select, appoint, and employ individuals 
for up to 1 year through compensated intern-
ships in the excepted service; and 
(2) remove any compensated intern em-
ployed pursuant to paragraph (1) without re-
gard to the provisions of law governing ap-
pointments in the competitive excepted serv-
ice. 
(k) AVAILABILITY OF APPROPRIATIONS.—In-
ternships offered and compensated by the 
Department under this section shall be fund-
ed solely by available amounts appropriated 
under the heading ‘‘Diplomatic Programs’’. 
SEC. 5202. IMPROVEMENTS TO THE PREVENTION 
OF, AND THE RESPONSE TO, HAR-
ASSMENT, DISCRIMINATION, SEXUAL 
ASSAULT, AND RELATED RETALIA-
TION. 
(a) COORDINATION WITH OTHER AGENCIES.— 
The Secretary, in coordination with the 
heads of other Federal agencies that provide 
personnel to serve in overseas posts under 
Chief of Mission authority, should develop 
interagency policies regarding harassment, 
discrimination, sexual assault, and related 
retaliation, including policies for— 
(1) addressing, reporting, and providing 
transitioning support; 
(2) advocacy, service referrals, and travel 
accommodations; and 
(3) disciplining anyone who violates De-
partment policies regarding harassment, dis-
crimination, sexual assault, or related retal-
iation occurring between covered individuals 
and noncovered individuals. 
(b) DISCIPLINARY ACTION.— 
(1) 
SEPARATION
FOR
CAUSE.—Section 
610(a)(1) of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 
U.S.C. 4010(a)(1)), is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘decide to’’; and 
(B) by inserting ‘‘upon receiving notifica-
tion from the Bureau of Diplomatic Security 
that such member has engaged in criminal 
misconduct, such as murder, rape, or other 
sexual assault’’ before the period at the end. 
(2) UPDATE
TO
MANUAL.—The Director of 
Global Talent shall— 
(A) update the ‘‘Grounds for Disciplinary 
Action’’ and ‘‘List of Disciplinary Offenses 
and Penalties’’ sections of the Foreign Af-
fairs Manual to reflect the amendments 
made under paragraph (1); and 
(B) communicate such updates to Depart-
ment staff through publication in Depart-
ment Notices. 
(c) SEXUAL ASSAULT PREVENTION AND RE-
SPONSE VICTIM ADVOCATES.— 
(1) PLACEMENT.—The Secretary shall en-
sure that the Diplomatic Security Service’s 
Victims’ Resource Advocacy Program— 
(A) is appropriately staffed by advocates 
who are physically present at— 
(i) the headquarters of the Department; 
and 
(ii) major domestic and international fa-
cilities and embassies, as determined by the 
Secretary; 
(B) considers the logistics that are nec-
essary to allow for the expedient travel of 
victims from Department facilities that do 
not have advocates; and 
(C) uses funds available to the Department 
to provide emergency food, shelter, clothing, 
and transportation for victims involved in 
matters being investigated by the Diplo-
matic Security Service. 
SEC. 5203. INCREASING THE MAXIMUM AMOUNT 
AUTHORIZED 
FOR 
SCIENCE 
AND 
TECHNOLOGY FELLOWSHIP GRANTS 
AND COOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS. 
Section 504(e)(3) of the Foreign Relations 
Authorization Act, Fiscal Year 1979 (22 
U.S.C. 2656d(e)(3)) is amended by striking 
‘‘$500,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$2,000,000’’. 
SEC. 5204. ADDITIONAL PERSONNEL TO ADDRESS 
BACKLOGS IN HIRING AND INVES-
TIGATIONS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall seek 
to increase the number of personnel within 
the Bureau of Global Talent Management 
and the Office of Civil Rights to address 
backlogs in hiring and investigations into 
complaints conducted by the Office of Civil 
Rights. 
(b) EMPLOYMENT TARGETS.—The Secretary 
shall seek to employ— 
(1) not fewer than 15 additional personnel 
in the Bureau of Global Talent Management 
and the Office of Civil Rights (compared to 
the number of personnel so employed as of 
the day before the date of the enactment of 
this Act) by the date that is 180 days after 
such date of enactment; and 
(2) not fewer than 15 additional personnel 
in such Bureau and Office (compared to the 
number of personnel so employed as of the 
day before the date of the enactment of this 
Act) by the date that is 1 year after such 
date of enactment. 
SEC. 5205. COMMISSION ON REFORM AND MOD-
ERNIZATION OF THE DEPARTMENT 
OF STATE. 
(a) SHORT
TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Commission on Reform and 
Modernization of the Department of State 
Act’’. 
(b) ESTABLISHMENT OF COMMISSION.—There 
is established, in the legislative branch, the 
Commission on Reform and Modernization of 
the Department of State (referred to in this 
section as the ‘‘Commission’’). 
(c) PURPOSES.—The purposes of the Com-
mission are— 
(1) to examine the changing nature of di-
plomacy in the 21st century and the ways in 
which the Department and its personnel can 
modernize to advance the interests of the 
United States; and 
(2) to offer recommendations to the Presi-
dent and Congress related to— 
(A) the organizational structure of the De-
partment, including a review of the jurisdic-
tional responsibilities of all of the Depart-
ment’s regional bureaus (the Bureau of Afri-
can Affairs, the Bureau of East Asian and 
Pacific Affairs, the Bureau of European and 
Eurasian Affairs, the Bureau of Near Eastern 
Affairs, the Bureau of South and Central 
Asian Affairs, and the Bureau of Western 
Hemisphere Affairs); 
(B) personnel-related matters, including 
recruitment, promotion, training, and reten-
tion of the Department’s workforce in order 
to retain the best and brightest personnel 
and foster effective diplomacy worldwide, in-
cluding measures to strengthen diversity and 
inclusion to ensure that the Department’s 
workforce represents all of America; 
(C) the Department of State’s infrastruc-
ture (both domestic and overseas), including 
infrastructure relating to information tech-
nology, transportation, and security; 
(D) the link among diplomacy and defense, 
intelligence, 
development, 
commercial, 
health, law enforcement, and other core 
United States interests; 
(E) core legislation that authorizes United 
States diplomacy, including the Foreign 
Service Act of 1980 (Public Law 96–465); 
(F) related regulations, rules, and proc-
esses that define United States diplomatic 
efforts, including the Foreign Affairs Man-
ual; 
(G) Chief of Mission authority at United 
States diplomatic missions overseas, includ-
ing authority over employees of other Fed-
eral departments and agencies; and 
(H) treaties that impact United States 
overseas presence. 
(d) MEMBERSHIP.— 
(1) COMPOSITION.—The Commission shall be 
composed of 8 members, of whom— 
(A) 1 member shall be appointed by the 
chairperson of the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations of the Senate, who shall serve as co- 
chair of the Commission; 
(B) 1 member shall be appointed by the 
ranking member of the Committee on For-
eign Relations of the Senate, who shall serve 
as co-chair of the Commission; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:52 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00061
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.052
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 107-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S5002 
September 22, 2022 
(C) 1 member shall be appointed by the 
chairperson of the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs of the House of Representatives; 
(D) 1 member shall be appointed by the 
ranking member of the Committee on For-
eign Affairs of the House of Representatives; 
(E) 1 member shall be appointed by the ma-
jority leader of the Senate; 
(F) 1 member shall be appointed by the 
Speaker of the House of Representatives; 
(G) 1 member shall be appointed by the mi-
nority leader of the Senate; and 
(H) 1 member shall be appointed by the mi-
nority leader of the House of Representa-
tives. 
(2) QUALIFICATIONS; MEETINGS.— 
(A) MEMBERSHIP.—The members of the 
Commission should be prominent United 
States citizens, with national recognition 
and significant depth of experience in inter-
national relations and with the Department. 
(B) 
POLITICAL
PARTY
AFFILIATION.—Not 
more than 4 members of the Commission 
may be from the same political party. 
(C) MEETINGS.— 
(i) INITIAL MEETING.—The Commission shall 
hold the first meeting and begin operations 
as soon as practicable. 
(ii) FREQUENCY.—The Commission shall 
meet at the call of the co-chairs. 
(iii) QUORUM.—Five members of the Com-
mission shall constitute a quorum for pur-
poses of conducting business, except that 2 
members of the Commission shall constitute 
a quorum for purposes of receiving testi-
mony. 
(D) VACANCIES.—Any vacancy in the Com-
mission shall not affect the powers of the 
Commission, but shall be filled in the same 
manner as the original appointment. 
(e) FUNCTIONS OF COMMISSION.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Commission shall act 
by resolution agreed to by a majority of the 
members of the Commission voting and 
present. 
(2) PANELS.—The Commission may estab-
lish panels composed of less than the full 
membership of the Commission for purposes 
of carrying out the duties of the Commission 
under this section. The actions of any such 
panel shall be subject to the review and con-
trol of the Commission. Any findings and de-
terminations made by such a panel may not 
be considered the findings and determina-
tions of the Commission unless such findings 
and determinations are approved by the 
Commission. 
(3) DELEGATION.—Any member, agent, or 
staff of the Commission may, if authorized 
by the co-chairs of the Commission, take any 
action which the Commission is authorized 
to take pursuant to this section. 
(f) POWERS OF COMMISSION.— 
(1) HEARINGS AND EVIDENCE.—The Commis-
sion or any panel or member of the Commis-
sion, as delegated by the co-chairs, may, for 
the purpose of carrying out this section— 
(A) hold such hearings and meetings, take 
such testimony, receive such evidence, and 
administer such oaths as the Commission or 
such designated subcommittee or designated 
member considers necessary; 
(B) require the attendance and testimony 
of such witnesses and the production of such 
correspondence, memoranda, papers, and 
documents, as the Commission or such des-
ignated subcommittee or designated member 
considers necessary; and 
(C) subject to applicable privacy laws and 
relevant regulations, secure directly from 
any Federal department or agency informa-
tion and data necessary to enable it to carry 
out its mission, which shall be provided by 
the head or acting representative of the de-
partment or agency not later than 30 days 
after the Commission provides a written re-
quest for such information and data. 
(2) CONTRACTS.—The Commission, to such 
extent and in such amounts as are provided 
in appropriations Acts, may enter into con-
tracts to enable the Commission to discharge 
its duties under this section. 
(3) INFORMATION FROM FEDERAL AGENCIES.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—The Commission may se-
cure directly from any executive depart-
ment, bureau, agency, board, commission, of-
fice, independent establishment, or instru-
mentality of the Government, information, 
suggestions, estimates, and statistics for the 
purposes of this section. 
(B) FURNISHING
INFORMATION.—Each de-
partment, bureau, agency, board, commis-
sion, office, independent establishment, or 
instrumentality, to the extent authorized by 
law, shall furnish such information, sugges-
tions, estimates, and statistics directly to 
the Commission, upon request made by a co- 
chair, the chair of any panel created by a 
majority of the Commission, or any member 
designated by a majority of the Commission. 
(C) HANDLING.—Information may only be 
received, handled, stored, and disseminated 
by members of the Commission and its staff 
in accordance with all applicable statutes, 
regulations, and Executive orders. 
(4) ASSISTANCE FROM FEDERAL AGENCIES.— 
(A) SECRETARY
OF
STATE.—The Secretary 
shall provide to the Commission, on a nonre-
imbursable basis, such administrative serv-
ices, funds, staff, facilities, and other sup-
port services as are necessary for the per-
formance of the Commission’s duties under 
this section. 
(B) OTHER
DEPARTMENTS
AND
AGENCIES.— 
Other Federal departments and agencies may 
provide the Commission such services, funds, 
facilities, staff, and other support as such de-
partments and agencies consider advisable 
and as may be authorized by law. 
(C) COOPERATION.—The Commission shall 
receive the full and timely cooperation of 
any official, department, or agency of the 
Federal Government whose assistance is nec-
essary, as jointly determined by the co- 
chairs of the Commission, for the fulfillment 
of the duties of the Commission, including 
the provision of full and current briefings 
and analyses. 
(5) ASSISTANCE FROM INDEPENDENT ORGANI-
ZATIONS.— 
(A) IN
GENERAL.—In order to inform its 
work, the Commission should review reports 
that were written during the 15-year period 
ending on the date of the enactment of this 
Act by independent organizations and out-
side experts relating to reform and mod-
ernization of the Department. 
(B) AVOIDING
DUPLICATION.—In analyzing 
the reports referred to in subparagraph (A), 
the Commission should pay particular atten-
tion to any specific reform proposals that 
have been recommended by 2 or more of such 
reports. 
(6) POSTAL
SERVICES.—The Commission 
may use the United States mails in the same 
manner and under the same conditions as 
other departments and agencies of the Fed-
eral Government. 
(7) GIFTS.—The Commission may accept, 
use, and dispose of gifts or donations of serv-
ices or property. 
(8) CONGRESSIONAL CONSULTATION.—Not less 
frequently than quarterly, the Commission 
shall provide a briefing to the appropriate 
congressional committees about the work of 
the Commission. 
(g) STAFF AND COMPENSATION.— 
(1) STAFF.— 
(A) COMPENSATION.—The co-chairs of the 
Commission, in accordance with rules estab-
lished by the Commission, shall appoint and 
fix the compensation of a staff director and 
such other personnel as may be necessary to 
enable the Commission to carry out its du-
ties, without regard to the provisions of title 
5, United States Code, governing appoint-
ments in the competitive service, and with-
out regard to the provisions of chapter 51 and 
subchapter III of chapter 53 of such title re-
lating to classification and General Schedule 
pay rates, except that no rate of pay fixed 
under this subsection may exceed the equiva-
lent of that payable to a person occupying a 
position at level V of the Executive Schedule 
under section 5316 of such title. 
(B) DETAIL OF GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEES.—A 
Federal Government employee may be de-
tailed to the Commission without reimburse-
ment, and such detail shall be without inter-
ruption or loss of civil service status or 
privilege. 
(C) 
PROCUREMENT
OF
TEMPORARY
AND 
INTERMITTENT
SERVICES.—The co-chairs of 
the Commission may procure temporary and 
intermittent services under section 3109(b) of 
title 5, United States Code, at rates for indi-
viduals that do not exceed the daily equiva-
lent of the annual rate of basic pay pre-
scribed for level IV of the Executive Sched-
ule under section 5315 of such title. 
(2) COMMISSION MEMBERS.— 
(A) COMPENSATION.— 
(i) IN
GENERAL.—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), each member of the Commis-
sion may be compensated at a rate not to ex-
ceed the daily equivalent of the annual rate 
of basic pay in effect for a position at level 
IV of the Executive Schedule under section 
5315 of title 5, United States Code, for each 
day during which that member is engaged in 
the actual performance of the duties of the 
Commission under this section. 
(ii) WAIVER OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS.—Sub-
sections (a) through (d) of section 824 of the 
Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 4064) 
are waived for an annuitant on a temporary 
basis so as to be compensated for work per-
formed as part of the Commission. 
(3) TRAVEL
EXPENSES.—While away from 
their homes or regular places of business in 
the performance of service for the Commis-
sion, members and staff of the Commission, 
and any Federal Government employees de-
tailed to the Commission, shall be allowed 
travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of 
subsistence, in the same manner as persons 
employed 
intermittently 
in 
Government 
service are allowed expenses under section 
5703(b) of title 5, United States Code. 
(4) SECURITY
CLEARANCES
FOR
COMMISSION 
MEMBERS AND STAFF.—The appropriate Fed-
eral agencies or departments shall cooperate 
with the Commission in expeditiously pro-
viding to Commission members and staff ap-
propriate security clearances to the extent 
possible pursuant to existing procedures and 
requirements, except that no person shall be 
provided access to classified information 
under this section without the appropriate 
security clearances. 
(h) REPORT.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Commission shall submit a final report 
to the President and to Congress that— 
(A) examines all substantive aspects of De-
partment personnel, management, and oper-
ations; and 
(B) contains such findings, conclusions, 
and recommendations for corrective meas-
ures as have been agreed to by a majority of 
Commission members. 
(2) ELEMENTS.—The report required under 
paragraph (1) shall include findings, conclu-
sions, and recommendations related to— 
(A) the organizational structure of the De-
partment, including recommendations on 
whether any of the jurisdictional responsibil-
ities among the bureaus referred to in sub-
section (c)(2)(A) should be adjusted, with 
particular focus on the opportunities and 
costs of adjusting jurisdictional responsi-
bility between the Bureau of Near Eastern 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:52 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00062
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.052
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 108-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S5003 
September 22, 2022 
Affairs to the Bureau of African Affairs, the 
Bureau of East Asian and Pacific Affairs, the 
Bureau of South and Central Asian Affairs, 
and any other bureaus as may be necessary 
to advance United States efforts to strength-
en its diplomatic engagement in the Indo- 
Pacific region; 
(B) personnel-related matters, including 
recruitment, promotion, training, and reten-
tion of the Department’s workforce in order 
to retain the best and brightest personnel 
and foster effective diplomacy worldwide, in-
cluding measures to strengthen diversity and 
inclusion to ensure that the Department’s 
workforce represents all of America; 
(C) the Department of State’s infrastruc-
ture (both domestic and overseas), including 
infrastructure relating to information tech-
nology, transportation, and security; 
(D) the link between diplomacy and de-
fense, intelligence, development, commer-
cial, health, law enforcement, and other core 
United States interests; 
(E) core legislation that authorizes United 
States diplomacy; 
(F) related regulations, rules, and proc-
esses that define United States diplomatic 
efforts, including the Foreign Affairs Man-
ual; 
(G) treaties that impact United States 
overseas presence; 
(H) the authority of Chiefs of Mission at 
United States diplomatic missions overseas, 
including the degree of authority that Chiefs 
of Mission exercise in reality over Depart-
ment employees and other Federal employ-
ees at overseas posts; 
(I) any other areas that the Commission 
considers necessary for a complete appraisal 
of United States diplomacy and Department 
management and operations; and 
(J) the amount of time, manpower, and fi-
nancial resources that would be necessary to 
implement the recommendations specified 
under this paragraph. 
(3) DEPARTMENT RESPONSE.—The Secretary 
shall have the right to review and respond to 
all Commission recommendations— 
(A) before the Commission submits its re-
port to the President and to Congress; and 
(B) not later than 90 days after receiving 
such recommendations from the Commis-
sion. 
(i) TERMINATION OF COMMISSION.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Commission, and all 
the authorities under this section, shall ter-
minate on the date that is 60 days after the 
date on which the final report is submitted 
pursuant to subsection (h). 
(2) ADMINISTRATIVE ACTIVITIES BEFORE TER-
MINATION.—The Commission may use the 60- 
day period referred to in paragraph (1) for 
the purpose of concluding its activities, in-
cluding providing testimony to committees 
of Congress concerning its reports and dis-
seminating the report. 
(j) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—There is authorized to be 
appropriated to the Commission to carry out 
this section $2,000,000 for fiscal year 2023. 
(2) AVAILABILITY.—Amounts made avail-
able to the Commission pursuant to para-
graph (1) shall remain available until the 
date on which the Commission is terminated 
pursuant to subsection (i)(1). 
(k) INAPPLICABILITY
OF CERTAIN ADMINIS-
TRATIVE PROVISIONS.— 
(1) FEDERAL
ADVISORY
COMMITTEE
ACT.— 
The Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 
U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the Commis-
sion. 
(2) FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT.—The pro-
visions of section 552 of title 5, United States 
Code (commonly referred to as the ‘‘Freedom 
of Information Act’’) shall not apply to the 
activities, records, and proceedings of the 
Commission. 
SEC. 5206. FOREIGN AFFAIRS TRAINING. 
(a) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the Department is a crucial national se-
curity agency, whose employees, both For-
eign Service and Civil Service, require the 
best possible training and professional devel-
opment at every stage of their careers to 
prepare them to promote and defend United 
States national interests and the health and 
safety of United States citizens abroad; 
(2) the Department faces increasingly com-
plex and rapidly evolving challenges, many 
of which are science- and technology-driven, 
and which demand continual, high-quality 
training and professional development of its 
personnel; 
(3) the new and evolving challenges of na-
tional security in the 21st century neces-
sitate the expansion of standardized training 
and professional development opportunities 
linked to equitable, accountable, and trans-
parent promotion and leadership practices 
for Department and other national security 
agency personnel; and 
(4) consistent with gift acceptance author-
ity of the Department and other applicable 
laws in effect as of the date of the enactment 
of this Act, the Department and the Foreign 
Service Institute may accept funds and other 
resources from foundations, not-for-profit 
corporations, and other appropriate sources 
to help the Department and the Institute en-
hance the quantity and quality of training 
and professional development offerings, espe-
cially in the introduction of new, innovative, 
and pilot model courses. 
(b) DEFINED TERM.—In this section, the 
term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ 
means— 
(1) the Committee on Foreign Relations of 
the Senate; 
(2) the Committee on Appropriations of the 
Senate; 
(3) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the 
House of Representatives; and 
(4) the Committee on Appropriations of the 
House of Representatives. 
(c) TRAINING AND PROFESSIONAL DEVELOP-
MENT PRIORITIZATION.—In order to provide 
the Civil Service of the Department and the 
Foreign Service with the level of profes-
sional development and training needed to 
effectively advance United States interests 
across the world, the Secretary shall— 
(1) increase relevant offerings provided by 
the Department— 
(A) of interactive virtual instruction to 
make training and professional development 
more accessible and useful to personnel de-
ployed throughout the world; or 
(B) at partner organizations, including uni-
versities, industry entities, and nongovern-
mental organizations, throughout the United 
States to provide useful outside perspectives 
to Department personnel by providing such 
personnel— 
(i) a more comprehensive outlook on dif-
ferent sectors of United States society; and 
(ii) practical experience dealing with com-
mercial 
corporations, 
universities, 
labor 
unions, and other institutions critical to 
United States diplomatic success; 
(2) offer courses using computer-based or 
computer-assisted simulations, allowing ci-
vilian officers to lead decision making in a 
crisis environment, and encourage officers of 
the Department, and reciprocally, officers of 
other Federal departments to participate in 
similar exercises held by the Department or 
other government organizations and the pri-
vate sector; 
(3) increase the duration and expand the 
focus of certain training and professional de-
velopment courses, including by extending— 
(A) the A–100 entry-level course to as long 
as 12 weeks, which better matches the length 
of entry-level training and professional de-
velopment provided to the officers in other 
national security departments and agencies; 
and 
(B) the Chief of Mission course to as long 
as 6 weeks for first time Chiefs of Mission 
and creating comparable courses for new As-
sistant Secretaries and Deputy Assistant 
Secretaries to more accurately reflect the 
significant 
responsibilities 
accompanying 
such roles; and 
(4) ensure that Foreign Service officers 
who are assigned to a country experiencing 
significant population displacement due to 
the impacts of climatic and non-climatic 
shocks and stresses, including rising sea lev-
els and lack of access to affordable and reli-
able energy and electricity, receive specific 
instruction on United States policy with re-
spect to resiliency and adaptation to such 
climatic 
and 
non-climatic 
shocks 
and 
stresses. 
(d) FELLOWSHIPS.—The Director General of 
the Foreign Service shall— 
(1) expand and establish new fellowship 
programs for Foreign Service and Civil Serv-
ice officers that include short- and long-term 
opportunities at organizations, including— 
(A) think tanks and nongovernmental or-
ganizations; 
(B) the Department of Defense, the ele-
ments of the intelligence community (as de-
fined in section 3 of the National Security 
Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003)), and other rel-
evant Federal agencies; 
(C) industry entities, especially such enti-
ties related to technology, global operations, 
finance, and other fields directly relevant to 
international affairs; and 
(D) schools of international relations and 
other relevant programs at universities 
throughout the United States; and 
(2) not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, submit a report 
to Congress that describes how the Depart-
ment could expand the Pearson Fellows Pro-
gram for Foreign Service Officers and the 
Brookings Fellow Program for Civil Serv-
ants to provide fellows in such programs 
with the opportunity to undertake a follow- 
on assignment within the Department in an 
office in which fellows will gain practical 
knowledge of the people and processes of 
Congress, including offices other than the 
Legislative Affairs Bureau, including— 
(A) an assessment of the current state of 
congressional fellowships, including the de-
mand for fellowships and the value the fel-
lowships provide to both the career of the of-
ficer and to the Department; and 
(B) an assessment of the options for mak-
ing congressional fellowships for both the 
Foreign and Civil Services more career-en-
hancing. 
(e) BOARD
OF
VISITORS
OF
THE
FOREIGN 
SERVICE INSTITUTE.— 
(1) ESTABLISHMENT.—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary of State shall establish a 
Board of Visitors of the Foreign Service In-
stitute (referred to in this subsection as the 
‘‘Board’’). 
(2) DUTIES.—The Board shall provide the 
Secretary with independent advice and rec-
ommendations 
regarding 
organizational 
management, strategic planning, resource 
management, curriculum development, and 
other matters of interest to the Foreign 
Service Institute, including regular observa-
tions about how well the Department is inte-
grating training and professional develop-
ment into the work of the Bureau for Global 
Talent Management. 
(3) MEMBERSHIP.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—The Board shall be— 
(i) nonpartisan; and 
(ii) composed of 12 members, of whom— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:52 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00063
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.052
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 109-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S5004 
September 22, 2022 
(I) 2 members shall be appointed by the 
Chairperson of the Committee on Foreign 
Relations of the Senate; 
(II) 2 members shall be appointed by the 
ranking member of the Committee on For-
eign Relations of the Senate; 
(III) 2 members shall be appointed by the 
Chairperson of the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs of the House of Representatives; 
(IV) 2 members shall be appointed by the 
ranking member of the Committee on For-
eign Affairs of the House of Representatives; 
and 
(V) 4 members shall be appointed by the 
Secretary. 
(B) 
QUALIFICATIONS.—Members 
of 
the 
Board shall be appointed from among indi-
viduals who— 
(i) are not officers or employees of the Fed-
eral Government; and 
(ii) are eminent authorities in the fields of 
diplomacy, national security, management, 
leadership, economics, trade, technology, or 
advanced international relations education. 
(C) OUTSIDE EXPERTISE.— 
(i) IN GENERAL.—Not fewer than 6 members 
of the Board shall have a minimum of 10 
years of relevant expertise outside the field 
of diplomacy. 
(ii) PRIOR SENIOR SERVICE AT THE DEPART-
MENT.—Not more than 6 members of the 
Board may be persons who previously served 
in the Senior Foreign Service or the Senior 
Executive Service at the Department. 
(4) TERMS.—Each member of the Board 
shall be appointed for a term of 3 years, ex-
cept that of the members first appointed— 
(A) 4 members shall be appointed for a 
term of 3 years; 
(B) 4 members shall be appointed for a 
term of 2 years; and 
(C) 4 members shall be appointed for a 
term of 1 year. 
(5) 
REAPPOINTMENT; 
REPLACEMENT.—A 
member of the Board may be reappointed or 
replaced at the discretion of the official who 
made the original appointment. 
(6) CHAIRPERSON; CO-CHAIRPERSON.— 
(A) APPROVAL.—The Chairperson and Vice 
Chairperson of the Board shall be approved 
by the Secretary of State based upon a rec-
ommendation from the members of the 
Board. 
(B) SERVICE.—The Chairperson and Vice 
Chairperson shall serve at the discretion of 
the Secretary. 
(7) MEETINGS.—The Board shall meet— 
(A) at the call of the Director of the For-
eign Service Institute and the Chairperson; 
and 
(B) not fewer than 2 times per year. 
(8) COMPENSATION.—Each member of the 
Board shall serve without compensation, ex-
cept that a member of the Board shall be al-
lowed travel expenses, including per diem in 
lieu of subsistence, at rates authorized for 
employees of agencies under subchapter I of 
chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code, 
while away from their homes or regular 
places of business in the performance of serv-
ice for the Board. Notwithstanding section 
1342 of title 31, United States Code, the Sec-
retary may accept the voluntary and uncom-
pensated service of members of the Board. 
(9) APPLICABILITY
OF
FEDERAL
ADVISORY 
COMMITTEE ACT.—The Federal Advisory Com-
mittee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall apply to the 
Board established under this subsection. 
(f) ESTABLISHMENT OF PROVOST OF THE FOR-
EIGN SERVICE INSTITUTE.— 
(1) ESTABLISHMENT.—There is established 
in the Foreign Service Institute the position 
of Provost. 
(2) APPOINTMENT; REPORTING.—The Provost 
shall— 
(A) be appointed by the Secretary; and 
(B) report to the Director of the Foreign 
Service Institute. 
(3) 
QUALIFICATIONS.—The 
Provost 
shall 
be— 
(A) an eminent authority in the field of di-
plomacy, national security, education, man-
agement, leadership, economics, history, 
trade, adult education, or technology; and 
(B) a person with significant experience 
outside the Department, whether in other 
national security agencies or in the private 
sector, and preferably in positions of author-
ity in educational institutions or the field of 
professional development and mid-career 
training with oversight for the evaluation of 
academic programs. 
(4) DUTIES.—The Provost shall— 
(A) oversee, review, evaluate, and coordi-
nate the academic curriculum for all courses 
taught and administered by the Foreign 
Service Institute; 
(B) coordinate the development of an eval-
uation system to ascertain how well partici-
pants in Foreign Service Institute courses 
have absorbed and utilized the information, 
ideas, and skills imparted by each such 
course, such that performance assessments 
can be included in the personnel records 
maintained by the Bureau of Global Talent 
Management and utilized in Foreign Service 
Selection Boards, which may include— 
(i) the implementation of a letter or nu-
merical grading system; and 
(ii) assessments done after the course has 
concluded; and 
(C) report not less frequently than quar-
terly to the Board of Visitors regarding the 
development of curriculum and the perform-
ance of Foreign Service officers. 
(5) TERM.—The Provost shall serve for a 
term of not fewer than 5 years and may be 
reappointed for 1 additional 5-year term. 
(6) COMPENSATION.—The Provost shall re-
ceive a salary commensurate with the rank 
and experience of a member of the Senior 
Foreign Service or the Senior Executive 
Service, as determined by the Secretary. 
(g) OTHER AGENCY RESPONSIBILITIES
AND 
OPPORTUNITIES FOR CONGRESSIONAL STAFF.— 
(1) OTHER
AGENCIES.—National security 
agencies other than the Department should 
be afforded the ability to increase the enroll-
ment of their personnel in courses at the 
Foreign Service Institute and other training 
and professional development facilities of 
the Department to promote a whole-of-gov-
ernment approach to mitigating national se-
curity challenges. 
(2) CONGRESSIONAL STAFF.—Not later than 
180 days after the date of the enactment of 
this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report 
to the appropriate committees of Congress 
that describes— 
(A) the training and professional develop-
ment opportunities at the Foreign Service 
Institute and other Department facilities 
available to congressional staff; 
(B) the budget impacts of offering such op-
portunities to congressional staff; and 
(C) potential course offerings. 
(h) STRATEGY FOR ADAPTING TRAINING RE-
QUIREMENTS
FOR
MODERN
DIPLOMATIC 
NEEDS.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the 
Secretary shall develop and submit to the 
appropriate committees of Congress a strat-
egy for adapting and evolving training re-
quirements to better meet the Department’s 
current and future needs for 21st century di-
plomacy. 
(2) 
ELEMENTS.—The 
strategy 
required 
under subsection (a) shall include the fol-
lowing elements: 
(A) Integrating training requirements into 
the Department’s promotion policies, includ-
ing establishing educational and professional 
development standards for training and at-
tainment to be used as a part of tenure and 
promotion guidelines. 
(B) 
Addressing 
multiple 
existing 
and 
emerging national security challenges, in-
cluding— 
(i) 
democratic 
backsliding 
and 
authoritarianism; 
(ii) countering, and assisting United States 
allies 
to 
address, 
state-sponsored 
disinformation, including through the Global 
Engagement Center; 
(iii) cyber threats; 
(iv) the aggression and malign influence of 
Russia, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, the Maduro 
Regime, and the Chinese Communist Party’s 
multi-faceted and comprehensive challenge 
to the rules-based order; 
(v) the implications of climate change for 
United States diplomacy; and 
(vi) nuclear threats. 
(C) An examination of the likely advan-
tages and disadvantages of establishing resi-
dential training for the A–100 orientation 
course administered by the Foreign Service 
Institute and evaluating the feasibility of 
residential training for other long-term 
training opportunities. 
(D) An examination of the likely advan-
tages and disadvantages of establishing a 
press freedom curriculum for the National 
Foreign Affairs Training Center that enables 
Foreign Service officers to better understand 
issues of press freedom and the tools that are 
available to help protect journalists and pro-
mote freedom of the press norms, which may 
include— 
(i) the historic and current issues facing 
press freedom, including countries of specific 
concern; 
(ii) the Department’s role in promoting 
press freedom as an American value, a 
human rights issue, and a national security 
imperative; 
(iii) ways to incorporate press freedom pro-
motion into other aspects of diplomacy; and 
(iv) existing tools to assist journalists in 
distress and methods for engaging foreign 
governments and institutions on behalf of in-
dividuals engaged in journalistic activity 
who are at risk of harm. 
(E) The expansion of external courses of-
fered by the Foreign Service Institute at 
academic institutions or professional asso-
ciations on specific topics, including in-per-
son and virtual courses on monitoring and 
evaluation, audience analysis, and the use of 
emerging technologies in diplomacy. 
(3) UTILIZATION OF EXISTING RESOURCES.—In 
examining the advantages and disadvantages 
of establishing a residential training pro-
gram pursuant to paragraph (2)(C), the Sec-
retary shall— 
(A) collaborate with other national secu-
rity departments and agencies that employ 
residential training for their orientation 
courses; and 
(B) consider using the Department’s For-
eign Affairs Security Training Center in 
Blackstone, Virginia. 
(i) REPORT AND BRIEFING REQUIREMENTS.— 
(1) REPORT.—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the 
Secretary shall submit a report to the appro-
priate committees of Congress that in-
cludes— 
(A) a strategy for broadening and deep-
ening professional development and training 
at the Department, including assessing cur-
rent and future needs for 21st century diplo-
macy; 
(B) the process used and resources needed 
to implement the strategy referred to in sub-
paragraph (A) throughout the Department; 
and 
(C) the results and impact of the strategy 
on the workforce of the Department, particu-
larly the relationship between professional 
development and training and promotions 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:52 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00064
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.052
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 110-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S5005 
September 22, 2022 
for Department personnel, and the measure-
ment and evaluation methods used to evalu-
ate such results. 
(2) BRIEFING.—Not later than 1 year after 
the date on which the Secretary submits the 
report required under paragraph (1), and an-
nually thereafter for 2 years, the Secretary 
shall provide to the appropriate committees 
of Congress a briefing on the information re-
quired to be included in the report. 
(j) FOREIGN LANGUAGE MAINTENANCE INCEN-
TIVE PROGRAM.— 
(1) AUTHORIZATION.—The Secretary is au-
thorized to establish and implement an in-
centive program, with a similar structure as 
the Foreign Language Proficiency Bonus of-
fered by the Department of Defense, to en-
courage members of the Foreign Service who 
possess language proficiency in any of the 
languages that qualify for additional incen-
tive pay, as determined by the Secretary, to 
maintain critical foreign language skills. 
(2) REPORT.—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the 
Secretary of State shall submit a report to 
the appropriate committees of Congress that 
includes a detailed plan for implementing 
the program authorized under paragraph (1), 
including anticipated resource requirements 
to carry out such program. 
(k) DEPARTMENT
OF
STATE
WORKFORCE 
MANAGEMENT.— 
(1) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of 
Congress that informed, data-driven, and 
long-term workforce management, including 
with respect to the Foreign Service, the Civil 
Service, locally employed staff, and contrac-
tors, is needed to align diplomatic priorities 
with the appropriate personnel and re-
sources. 
(2) ANNUAL WORKFORCE REPORT.— 
(A) IN
GENERAL.—In order to understand 
the Department’s long-term trends with re-
spect to its workforce, the Secretary, is con-
sultation with relevant bureaus and offices, 
including the Bureau of Global Talent Man-
agement and the Center for Analytics, shall 
submit a report to the appropriate commit-
tees of Congress that details the Depart-
ment’s workforce, disaggregated by Foreign 
Service, Civil Service, locally employed 
staff, and contractors, including, with re-
spect to the reporting period— 
(i) the number of personnel who were hired; 
(ii) the number of personnel whose employ-
ment or contract was terminated or who vol-
untarily left the Department; 
(iii) the number of personnel who were pro-
moted, including the grade to which they 
were promoted; 
(iv) the demographic breakdown of per-
sonnel; and 
(v) the distribution of the Department’s 
workforce based on domestic and overseas 
assignments, including a breakdown of the 
number of personnel in geographic and func-
tional bureaus, and the number of personnel 
in overseas missions by region. 
(B) INITIAL
REPORT.—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Secretary shall submit the report 
described in subparagraph (A) for each of the 
fiscal years 2016 through 2022. 
(C) RECURRING REPORT.—Not later than De-
cember 31, 2023, and annually thereafter for 
the following 5 years, the Secretary shall 
submit the report described in subparagraph 
(A) for the most recently concluded fiscal 
year. 
(D) USE OF REPORT DATA.—The data in each 
of the reports required under this paragraph 
shall be used by Congress, in coordination 
with the Secretary, to inform recommenda-
tions on the appropriate size and composi-
tion of the Department. 
(l) SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE IMPORTANCE 
OF FILLING THE POSITION OF UNDERSECRETARY 
FOR
PUBLIC
DIPLOMACY
AND
PUBLIC
AF-
FAIRS.—It is the sense of Congress that since 
a vacancy in the position of Under Secretary 
for Public Diplomacy and Public Affairs is 
detrimental to the national security inter-
ests of the United States, the President 
should expeditiously nominate a qualified in-
dividual to such position whenever such va-
cancy occurs to ensure that the bureaus re-
porting to such position are able to fulfill 
their mission of— 
(1) expanding and strengthening relation-
ships between the people of the United 
States and citizens of other countries; and 
(2) engaging, informing, and understanding 
the perspectives of foreign audiences. 
(m) REPORT
ON
PUBLIC
DIPLOMACY.—Not 
later than 120 days after the date of the en-
actment of this Act, the Secretary shall sub-
mit a report to the appropriate committees 
of Congress that includes— 
(1) an evaluation of the May 2019 merger of 
the Bureau of Public Affairs and the Bureau 
of International Information Programs into 
the Bureau of Global Public Affairs with re-
spect to— 
(A) the efficacy of the current configura-
tion of the bureaus reporting to the Under 
Secretary for Public Diplomacy and Public 
Affairs in achieving the mission of the De-
partment; 
(B) the metrics before and after such merg-
er, including personnel data, disaggregated 
by position and location, content production, 
opinion polling, program evaluations, and 
media appearances; 
(C) the results of a survey of public diplo-
macy practitioners to determine their opin-
ion of the efficacy of such merger and any 
adjustments that still need to be made; 
(D) a plan for evaluating and monitoring, 
not less frequently than once every 2 years, 
the programs, activities, messaging, profes-
sional development efforts, and structure of 
the Bureau of Global Public Affairs, and sub-
mitting a summary of each such evaluation 
to the appropriate committees of Congress; 
and 
(2) a review of recent outside recommenda-
tions for modernizing diplomacy at the De-
partment with respect to public diplomacy 
efforts, including— 
(A) efforts in each of the bureaus reporting 
to the Under Secretary for Public Diplomacy 
and Public Affairs to address issues of diver-
sity and inclusion in their work, structure, 
data 
collection, 
programming, 
and 
per-
sonnel, including any collaboration with the 
Chief Officer for Diversity and Inclusion; 
(B) proposals to collaborate with think 
tanks and academic institutions working on 
public diplomacy issues to implement recent 
outside recommendations; and 
(C) additional authorizations and appro-
priations necessary to implement such rec-
ommendations. 
SEC. 5207. SECURITY CLEARANCE APPROVAL 
PROCESS. 
(a) RECOMMENDATIONS.—Not later than 270 
days after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, 
the 
Secretary 
shall 
submit 
rec-
ommendations to the appropriate congres-
sional committees for streamlining the secu-
rity clearance approval process within the 
Bureau of Diplomatic Security so that the 
security clearance approval process for Civil 
Service and Foreign Service applicants is 
completed within 6 months, on average, and 
within 1 year, in the vast majority of cases. 
(b) REPORT.—Not later than 90 days after 
the recommendations are submitted pursu-
ant to subsection (a), the Secretary shall 
submit a report to the appropriate congres-
sional committees that— 
(1) describes the status of the efforts of the 
Department to streamline the security clear-
ance approval process; and 
(2) identifies any remaining obstacles pre-
venting security clearances from being com-
pleted within the time frames set forth in 
subsection (a), including lack of cooperation 
or other actions by other Federal depart-
ments and agencies. 
SEC. 5208. ADDENDUM FOR STUDY ON FOREIGN 
SERVICE ALLOWANCES. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary shall submit to the appro-
priate congressional committees an adden-
dum to the report required under section 5302 
of the Department of State Authorization 
Act of 2021 (division E of Public Law 117–81), 
which shall be entitled the ‘‘Report on Bid-
ding for Domestic and Overseas Posts and 
Filling Unfilled Positions’’. The addendum 
shall be prepared using input from the same 
federally funded research and development 
center that prepared the analysis conducted 
for the purposes of such report. 
(b) ELEMENTS.—The addendum required 
under subsection (a) shall include— 
(1) the total number of domestic and over-
seas positions open during the most recent 
summer bidding cycle; 
(2) the total number of bids each position 
received; 
(3) the number of unfilled positions at the 
conclusion of the most recent summer bid-
ding cycle, disaggregated by bureau; and 
(4) 
detailed 
recommendations 
and 
a 
timeline for— 
(A) increasing the number of qualified bid-
ders for underbid positions; and 
(B) minimizing the number of unfilled posi-
tions at the end of the bidding season. 
SEC. 5209. CURTAILMENTS, REMOVALS FROM 
POST, AND WAIVERS OF PRIVILEGES 
AND IMMUNITIES. 
(a) CURTAILMENTS REPORT.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
and every 180 days thereafter, the Secretary 
shall submit a report to the appropriate con-
gressional committees regarding curtail-
ments of Department personnel from over-
seas posts. 
(2) CONTENTS.—The Secretary shall include 
in the report required under paragraph (1)— 
(A) relevant information about any post 
that, during the 6-month period preceding 
the report— 
(i) had more than 5 curtailments; or 
(ii) had curtailments representing more 
than 5 percent of Department personnel at 
such post; and 
(B) for each post referred to in subpara-
graph (A), the number of curtailments, 
disaggregated by month of occurrence. 
(b) REMOVAL
OF
DIPLOMATS.—Not later 
than 5 days after the date on which any 
United States personnel under Chief of Mis-
sion authority is declared persona non grata 
by a host government, the Secretary shall— 
(1) notify the appropriate congressional 
committees of such declaration; and 
(2) include with such notification— 
(A) the official reason for such declaration 
(if provided by the host government); 
(B) the date of the declaration; and 
(C) whether the Department responded by 
declaring a host government’s diplomat in 
the United States persona non grata. 
(c) WAIVER
OF
PRIVILEGES
AND
IMMUNI-
TIES.—Not later than 15 days after any waiv-
er of privileges and immunities pursuant to 
the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Rela-
tions, done at Vienna April 18, 1961, that is 
applicable to an entire diplomatic post or to 
the majority of United States personnel 
under Chief of Mission authority, the Sec-
retary shall notify the appropriate congres-
sional committees of such waiver and the 
reason for such waiver. 
(d) TERMINATION.—This section shall termi-
nate on the date that is 5 years after the 
date of the enactment of this Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:52 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00065
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.052
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 111-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S5006 
September 22, 2022 
SEC. 
5210. 
REPORT 
ON 
WORLDWIDE 
AVAIL-
ABILITY. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 270 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary shall submit a report to the 
appropriate congressional committees on the 
feasibility of requiring that each member of 
the Foreign Service, at the time of entry 
into the Foreign Service and thereafter, be 
worldwide available, as determined by the 
Secretary. 
(b) CONTENTS.—The report required under 
subsection (a) shall include— 
(1) the feasibility of a worldwide avail-
ability requirement for all members of the 
Foreign Service; 
(2) considerations if such a requirement 
were to be implemented, including the po-
tential effect on recruitment and retention; 
and 
(3) recommendations for exclusions and 
limitations, including exemptions for med-
ical 
reasons, 
disability, 
and 
other 
cir-
cumstances. 
SEC. 5211. PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) REQUIREMENTS.—The Secretary shall 
strongly encourage that Foreign Service of-
ficers seeking entry into the Senior Foreign 
Service participate in professional develop-
ment described in subsection (c). 
(b) REQUIREMENTS.—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary shall submit recommendations 
on requiring that Foreign Service officers 
complete professional development described 
in subsection (c) to be eligible for entry into 
the Senior Foreign Service. 
(c) 
PROFESSIONAL
DEVELOPMENT
DE-
SCRIBED.—Professional 
development 
de-
scribed in this subsection is not less than 6 
months of training or experience outside of 
the Department, including time spent— 
(1) as a detailee to another government 
agency, including Congress or a State, Trib-
al, or local government; 
(2) in Department-sponsored and -funded 
university training that results in an ad-
vanced degree, excluding time spent at a uni-
versity that is fully funded or operated by 
the Federal Government. 
(d) PROMOTION PRECEPTS.—The Secretary 
shall instruct promotion boards to consider 
positively long-term training and out-of- 
agency detail assignments. 
SEC. 5212. MANAGEMENT ASSESSMENTS AT DIP-
LOMATIC AND CONSULAR POSTS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Beginning not later than 
1 year after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Secretary shall annually conduct, 
at each diplomatic and consular post, a vol-
untary survey, which shall be offered to all 
staff assigned to that post who are citizens 
of the United States (excluding the Chief of 
Mission) to assess the management and lead-
ership of that post by the Chief of Mission, 
the Deputy Chief of Mission, and the Charge 
d’Affaires. 
(b) ANONYMITY.—All responses to the sur-
vey shall be— 
(1) fully anonymized; and 
(2) made available to the Director General 
of the Foreign Service. 
(c) SURVEY.—The survey shall seek to as-
sess— 
(1) the general morale at post; 
(2) the presence of any hostile work envi-
ronment; 
(3) the presence of any harassment, dis-
crimination, retaliation, or other mistreat-
ment; and 
(4) effective leadership and collegial work 
environment. 
(d) 
DIRECTOR
GENERAL
RECOMMENDA-
TIONS.—Upon compilation and review of the 
surveys, the Director General of the Foreign 
Service shall issue recommendations to 
posts, as appropriate, based on the findings 
of the surveys. 
(e) REFERRAL.—If the surveys reveal any 
action that is grounds for referral to the In-
spector General of the Department of State 
and the Foreign Service, the Director Gen-
eral of the Foreign Service may refer the 
matter to the Inspector General of the De-
partment of State and the Foreign Service, 
who shall, as the Inspector General considers 
appropriate, conduct an inspection of the 
post in accordance with section 209(b) of the 
Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 
3929(b)). 
(f) ANNUAL REPORT.—The Director General 
of the Foreign Service shall submit an an-
nual report to the appropriate congressional 
committees that includes— 
(1) any trends or summaries from the sur-
veys; 
(2) the posts where corrective action was 
recommended or taken in response to any 
issues identified by the surveys; and 
(3) the number of referrals to the Inspector 
General of the Department of State and the 
Foreign Service, as applicable. 
(g) INITIAL
BASIS.—The Secretary shall 
carry out the surveys required under this 
section on an initial basis for 5 years. 
SEC. 
5213. 
INDEPENDENT 
REVIEW 
OF 
PRO-
MOTION POLICIES. 
Not later than 18 months after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller 
General of the United States shall conduct a 
comprehensive review of the policies, per-
sonnel, organization, and processes related 
to promotions within the Department, in-
cluding— 
(1) a review of— 
(A) the selection and oversight of Foreign 
Service promotion panels; and 
(B) the use of quantitative data and 
metrics in such panels; 
(2) an assessment of the promotion prac-
tices of the Department, including how pro-
motion processes are communicated to the 
workforce and appeals processes; and 
(3) recommendations for improving pro-
motion panels and promotion practices. 
SEC. 5214. THIRD PARTY VERIFICATION OF PER-
MANENT CHANGE OF STATION (PCS) 
ORDERS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary 
shall establish a mechanism for third parties 
to verify the employment of, and the valid-
ity of permanent change of station (PCS) or-
ders received by, members of the Foreign 
Service, in a manner that protects the safe-
ty, security, and privacy of sensitive em-
ployee information. 
SEC. 5215. POST-EMPLOYMENT RESTRICTIONS ON 
SENATE-CONFIRMED OFFICIALS AT 
THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE. 
(a) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) Congress and the executive branch have 
recognized the importance of preventing and 
mitigating the potential for conflicts of in-
terest following government service, includ-
ing with respect to senior United States offi-
cials working on behalf of foreign govern-
ments; and 
(2) Congress and the executive branch 
should jointly evaluate the status and scope 
of post-employment restrictions. 
(b) RESTRICTIONS.—Section 1 of the State 
Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 
U.S.C. 2651a) is amended by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(m) 
EXTENDED
POST-EMPLOYMENT
RE-
STRICTIONS
FOR CERTAIN SENATE-CONFIRMED 
OFFICIALS.— 
‘‘(1) SECRETARY OF STATE AND DEPUTY SEC-
RETARY OF STATE.—With respect to a person 
serving as the Secretary of State or Deputy 
Secretary of State, the restrictions described 
in section 207(f)(1) of title 18, United States 
Code, shall apply to representing, aiding, or 
advising a foreign governmental entity be-
fore an officer or employee of the executive 
branch of the United States at any time 
after the termination of that person’s service 
as Secretary or Deputy Secretary. 
‘‘(2) UNDER SECRETARIES, ASSISTANT SECRE-
TARIES, AND AMBASSADORS.—With respect to 
a person serving as an Under Secretary, As-
sistant Secretary, or Ambassador at the De-
partment of State or the United States Per-
manent Representative to the United Na-
tions, the restrictions described in section 
207(f)(1) of title 18, United States Code, shall 
apply to representing, aiding, or advising a 
foreign governmental entity before an officer 
or employee of the executive branch of the 
United States for 3 years after the termi-
nation of that person’s service in a position 
described in this paragraph, or the duration 
of the term or terms of the President who 
appointed that person to their position, 
whichever is longer. 
‘‘(3) ENHANCED RESTRICTIONS FOR POST-EM-
PLOYMENT WORK ON BEHALF OF CERTAIN COUN-
TRIES OF CONCERN.— 
‘‘(A) IN
GENERAL.—With respect to all 
former officials listed in this subsection, the 
restrictions described in paragraphs (1) and 
(2) shall apply to representing, aiding, or ad-
vising a country of concern described in sub-
paragraph (B) before an officer or employee 
of the executive branch of the United States 
at any time after the termination of that 
person’s service in a position described in 
paragraph (1) or (2). 
‘‘(B) COUNTRIES
SPECIFIED.—In this para-
graph, the term ‘country of concern’ means— 
‘‘(i) the People’s Republic of China; 
‘‘(ii) the Russian Federation; 
‘‘(iii) the Islamic Republic of Iran; 
‘‘(iv) the Democratic People’s Republic of 
Korea; 
‘‘(v) the Republic of Cuba; and 
‘‘(vi) the Syrian Arab Republic. 
‘‘(4) PENALTIES AND INJUNCTIONS.—Any vio-
lations of the restrictions in paragraphs (1) 
or (2) shall be subject to the penalties and in-
junctions provided for under section 216 of 
title 18, United States Code. 
‘‘(5) DEFINITIONS.—In this subsection: 
‘‘(A) FOREIGN
GOVERNMENT
ENTITY.—The 
term 
‘foreign 
governmental 
entity’ 
in-
cludes— 
‘‘(i) any person employed by— 
‘‘(I) any department, agency, or other enti-
ty of a foreign government at the national, 
regional, or local level; 
‘‘(II) any governing party or coalition of a 
foreign government at the national, re-
gional, or local level; or 
‘‘(III) any entity majority-owned or major-
ity-controlled by a foreign government at 
the national, regional, or local level; and 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a country described in 
paragraph (3)(B), any company, economic 
project, cultural organization, exchange pro-
gram, or nongovernmental organization that 
is more than 33 percent owned or controlled 
by the government of such country. 
‘‘(B) 
REPRESENTATION.—The 
term 
‘rep-
resentation’ does not include representation 
by an attorney, who is duly licensed and au-
thorized to provide legal advice in a United 
States jurisdiction, of a person or entity in a 
legal capacity or for the purposes of ren-
dering legal advice. 
‘‘(6) NOTICE OF RESTRICTIONS.—Any person 
subject to the restrictions of this subsection 
shall be provided notice of these restrictions 
by the Department of State upon appoint-
ment by the President, and subsequently 
upon termination of service with the Depart-
ment of State. 
‘‘(7) 
EFFECTIVE
DATE.—The 
restrictions 
under this subsection shall apply only to per-
sons who are appointed by the President to 
the positions referenced in this subsection on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:52 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00066
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.052
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 112-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S5007 
September 22, 2022 
or after 120 days after the date of the enact-
ment of the Department of State Authoriza-
tion Act of 2022. 
‘‘(8) SUNSET.—The enhanced restrictions 
under paragraph (3) shall expire on the date 
that is 7 years after the date of the enact-
ment of this Act.’’. 
SEC. 5216. EXPANSION OF AUTHORITIES REGARD-
ING SPECIAL RULES FOR CERTAIN 
MONTHLY 
WORKERS’ 
COMPENSA-
TION PAYMENTS AND OTHER PAY-
MENTS. 
Section 901 of division J of the Further 
Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2020 (22 
U.S.C. 2680b) is amended by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(j) EXPANSION OF AUTHORITIES.—The head 
of any Federal agency may exercise the au-
thorities of this section, including to des-
ignate an incident, whether the incident oc-
curred in the United States or abroad, for 
purposes of subparagraphs (A)(ii) and (B)(ii) 
of subsection (e)(4) when the incident affects 
United States Government employees of the 
agency or their dependents who are not 
under the security responsibility of the Sec-
retary of State as set forth in section 103 of 
the 
Omnibus 
Diplomatic 
Security 
and 
Antiterrorism Act of 1986 (22 U.S.C. 4802) or 
when operational control of overseas secu-
rity responsibility for such employees or de-
pendents has been delegated to the head of 
the agency.’’. 
TITLE LIII—EMBASSY SECURITY AND 
CONSTRUCTION 
SEC. 5301. AMENDMENTS TO SECURE EMBASSY 
CONSTRUCTION AND COUNTERTER-
RORISM ACT OF 1999. 
(a) SHORT
TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Secure Embassy Construction 
and Counterterrorism Act of 2022’’. 
(b) FINDINGS.—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) The Secure Embassy Construction and 
Counterterrorism Act of 1999 (title VI of divi-
sion A of appendix G of Public Law 106–113) 
was a necessary response to bombings on Au-
gust 7, 1998, at the United States embassies 
in Nairobi, Kenya, and in Dar es Salaam, 
Tanzania, that were destroyed by simulta-
neously exploding bombs. The resulting ex-
plosions killed 220 persons and injured more 
than 4,000 others. Twelve Americans and 40 
Kenyan and Tanzanian employees of the 
United States Foreign Service were killed in 
the attacks. 
(2) Those bombings, followed by the expedi-
tionary diplomatic efforts in Iraq and Af-
ghanistan, 
demonstrated 
the 
need 
to 
prioritize the security of United States posts 
and personnel abroad above other consider-
ations. 
(3) Between 1999 and 2022, the risk calculus 
of the Department impacted the ability of 
United States diplomats around the world to 
advance the interests of the United States 
through access to local populations, leaders, 
and places. 
(4) America’s competitors and adversaries 
do not have the same restrictions that 
United States diplomats have, especially in 
critically 
important 
medium-threat 
and 
high-threat posts. 
(5) The Department’s 2021 Overseas Secu-
rity Panel report states that— 
(A) the requirement for setback and col-
location of diplomatic posts under para-
graphs (2) and (3) of section 606(a) of the Se-
cure Embassy Construction and Counterter-
rorism Act of 1999 (22 U.S.C. 4865(a)) has led 
to skyrocketing costs of new embassies and 
consulates; and 
(B) the locations of such posts have become 
less desirable, creating an extremely sub-
optimal nexus that further hinders United 
States diplomats who are willing to accept 
more risk in order to advance United States 
interests. 
(c) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the setback and collocation require-
ments referred to in subsection (b)(5)(A), 
even with available waivers, no longer pro-
vide the security such requirements used to 
provide because of advancement in tech-
nologies, such as remote controlled drones, 
that can evade walls and other such static 
barriers; 
(2) the Department should focus on cre-
ating performance security standards that— 
(A) attempt to keep the setback require-
ments of diplomatic posts as limited as pos-
sible; and 
(B) provide diplomats access to local popu-
lations as much as possible, while still pro-
viding a necessary level of security; 
(3) collocation of diplomatic facilities is 
often not feasible or advisable, particularly 
for public diplomacy spaces whose mission is 
to reach and be accessible to wide sectors of 
the public, including in countries with re-
pressive governments, since such spaces are 
required to permit the foreign public to 
enter and exit the space easily and openly; 
(4) the Bureau of Diplomatic Security 
should— 
(A) fully utilize the waiver process pro-
vided under paragraphs (2)(B) and (3)(B) of 
section 606(a) of the Secure Embassy Con-
struction and Counterterrorism Act of 1999 
(22 U.S.C. 4865(a)); and 
(B) appropriately exercise such waiver 
process as a tool to right-size the appro-
priate security footing at each diplomatic 
post rather than only approving waivers in 
extreme circumstances; 
(5) the return of great power competition 
requires— 
(A) United States diplomats to do all they 
can to outperform our adversaries; and 
(B) the Department to better optimize use 
of taxpayer funding to advance United 
States national interests; and 
(6) this section will better enable United 
States diplomats to compete in the 21st cen-
tury, while saving United States taxpayers 
millions in reduced property and mainte-
nance costs at embassies and consulates 
abroad. 
(d) DEFINITION
OF UNITED STATES DIPLO-
MATIC FACILITY.—Section 603 of the Secure 
Embassy Construction and Counterterrorism 
Act of 1999 (title VI of division A of appendix 
G of Public Law 106–113) is amended to read 
as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 603. UNITED STATES DIPLOMATIC FACILITY 
DEFINED. 
‘‘In this title, the terms ‘United States dip-
lomatic facility’ and ‘diplomatic facility’ 
mean any chancery, consulate, or other of-
fice that— 
‘‘(1) is considered by the Secretary of State 
to be diplomatic or consular premises, con-
sistent with the Vienna Convention on Dip-
lomatic Relations, done at Vienna April 18, 
1961, and the Vienna Convention on Consular 
Relations, done at Vienna April 24, 1963, and 
was notified to the host government as such; 
or 
‘‘(2) is otherwise subject to a publicly 
available bilateral agreement with the host 
government (contained in the records of the 
United States Department of State) that rec-
ognizes the official status of the United 
States Government personnel present at the 
facility.’’. 
(e) GUIDANCE AND REQUIREMENTS FOR DIP-
LOMATIC FACILITIES.— 
(1) GUIDANCE FOR CLOSURE OF PUBLIC DIPLO-
MACY FACILITIES.—Section 5606(a) of the Pub-
lic Diplomacy Modernization Act of 2021 
(Public Law 117–81; 22 U.S.C. 1475g note) is 
amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—In order to preserve pub-
lic diplomacy facilities that are accessible to 
the publics of foreign countries, not later 
than 180 days after the date of the enactment 
of the Secure Embassy Construction and 
Counterterrorism Act of 2022, the Secretary 
of State shall adopt guidelines to collect and 
utilize information from each diplomatic 
post at which the construction of a new em-
bassy compound or new consulate compound 
could result in the closure or co-location of 
an American Space that is owned and oper-
ated by the United States Government, gen-
erally known as an American Center, or any 
other public diplomacy facility under the Se-
cure Embassy Construction and Counterter-
rorism Act of 1999 (22 U.S.C. 4865 et seq.).’’. 
(2) SECURITY
REQUIREMENTS
FOR
UNITED 
STATES
DIPLOMATIC
FACILITIES.—Section 
606(a) of the Secure Embassy Construction 
and Counterterrorism Act of 1999 (22 U.S.C. 
4865(a)) is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (1)(A), by striking ‘‘the 
threat’’ and inserting ‘‘a range of threats, in-
cluding that’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)— 
(i) in subparagraph (A)— 
(I) by inserting ‘‘in a location that has cer-
tain minimum ratings under the Security 
Environment Threat List as determined by 
the Secretary in his or her discretion’’ after 
‘‘abroad’’; and 
(II) by inserting ‘‘, personnel of the Peace 
Corps, and personnel of any other type or 
category of facility that the Secretary may 
identify’’ after ‘‘military commander’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B)— 
(I) by amending clause (i) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(i) IN GENERAL.—Subject to clause (ii), the 
Secretary of State may waive subparagraph 
(A) if the Secretary, in consultation with, as 
appropriate, the head of each agency em-
ploying personnel that would not be located 
at the site, if applicable, determines that it 
is in the national interest of the United 
States after taking account of any consider-
ations the Secretary in his or her discretion 
considers relevant, which may include secu-
rity conditions.’’; and 
(II) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘(ii) CHAN-
CERY OR CONSULATE BUILDING.—’’ and all that 
follows through ‘‘15 days prior’’ and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(ii) CHANCERY OR CONSULATE BUILDING.— 
Prior’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (3)— 
(i) by amending subparagraph (A) to read 
as follows: 
‘‘(A) REQUIREMENT.— 
‘‘(i) IN
GENERAL.—Each newly acquired 
United States diplomatic facility in a loca-
tion that has certain minimum ratings under 
the Security Environment Threat List as de-
termined by the Secretary of State in his or 
her discretion shall— 
‘‘(I) be constructed or modified to meet the 
measured building blast performance stand-
ard applicable to a diplomatic facility sited 
not less than 100 feet from the perimeter of 
the property on which the facility is situ-
ated; or 
‘‘(II) fulfill the criteria described in clause 
(ii). 
‘‘(ii) ALTERNATIVE
ENGINEERING
EQUIVA-
LENCY
STANDARD
REQUIREMENT.—Each facil-
ity referred to in clause (i) may, instead of 
meeting the requirement under such clause, 
fulfill such other criteria as the Secretary is 
authorized to employ to achieve an engineer-
ing standard of security and degree of pro-
tection that is equivalent to the numerical 
perimeter distance setback described in such 
clause seeks to achieve.’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B)— 
(I) in clause (i)— 
(aa) by striking ‘‘security considerations 
permit and’’; and 
(bb) by inserting ‘‘after taking account of 
any considerations the Secretary in his or 
her discretion considers relevant, which may 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:52 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00067
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.052
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 113-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S5008 
September 22, 2022 
include security conditions’’ after ‘‘national 
interest of the United States’’; 
(II) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘(ii) CHAN-
CERY OR CONSULATE BUILDING.—’’ and all that 
follows through ‘‘15 days prior’’ and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(ii) CHANCERY OR CONSULATE BUILDING.— 
Prior’’; and 
(III) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘an annual’’ 
and inserting ‘‘a quarterly’’. 
SEC. 5302. DIPLOMATIC SUPPORT AND SECURITY. 
(a) SHORT
TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Diplomatic Support and Secu-
rity Act of 2022’’. 
(b) FINDINGS.—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) A robust overseas diplomatic presence 
is part of an effective foreign policy, particu-
larly in volatile environments where a flexi-
ble and timely diplomatic response can be 
decisive in preventing and addressing con-
flict. 
(2) Diplomats routinely put themselves and 
their families at great personal risk to serve 
their country overseas where they face 
threats related to international terrorism, 
violent conflict, and public health. 
(3) The Department has a remarkable 
record of protecting personnel while ena-
bling an enormous amount of global diplo-
matic activity, often in unsecure and remote 
places and facing a variety of evolving risks 
and threats. With support from Congress, the 
Department of State has revised policy, im-
proved physical security through retrofitting 
and replacing old facilities, deployed addi-
tional security personnel and armored vehi-
cles, and greatly enhanced training require-
ments and training facilities, including the 
new Foreign Affairs Security Training Cen-
ter in Blackstone, Virginia. 
(4) Diplomatic missions rely on robust 
staffing and ambitious external engagement 
to advance United States interests as diverse 
as competing with China’s malign influence 
around the world, fighting terrorism and 
transnational organized crime, preventing 
and addressing violent conflict and humani-
tarian disasters, promoting United States 
businesses and trade, protecting the rights of 
marginalized 
groups, 
addressing 
climate 
change, and preventing pandemic disease. 
(5) Efforts to protect personnel overseas 
have often resulted in inhibiting diplomatic 
activity and limiting engagement between 
embassy personnel and local governments 
and populations. 
(6) Given that Congress currently provides 
annual 
appropriations 
in 
excess 
of 
$1,900,000,000 for embassy security, construc-
tion, and maintenance, the Department 
should be able to ensure a robust overseas 
presence without inhibiting the ability of 
diplomats to— 
(A) meet outside United States secured fa-
cilities with foreign leaders to explain, de-
fend, and advance United States priorities; 
(B) understand and report on foreign polit-
ical, 
social, 
and 
economic 
conditions 
through meeting and interacting with com-
munity officials outside of United States fa-
cilities; 
(C) provide United States citizen services; 
and 
(D) collaborate and, at times, compete 
with other diplomatic missions, particularly 
those, such as that of the People’s Republic 
of China, that do not have restrictions on 
meeting locations. 
(7) Given these stakes, Congress has a re-
sponsibility to empower, support, and hold 
the 
Department 
accountable 
for 
imple-
menting an aggressive strategy to ensure a 
robust overseas presence that mitigates po-
tential risks and adequately considers the 
myriad direct and indirect consequences of a 
lack of diplomatic presence. 
(c) ENCOURAGING
EXPEDITIONARY
DIPLO-
MACY.— 
(1) PURPOSE.—Section 102(b) of the Diplo-
matic Security Act of 1986 (22 U.S.C. 4801(b)) 
is amended— 
(A) by amending paragraph (3) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(3) to promote strengthened security 
measures, institutionalize a culture of learn-
ing, and, in the case of apparent gross neg-
ligence or breach of duty, recommend that 
the Secretary investigate accountability for 
United States Government personnel with 
security-related responsibilities;’’; 
(B) by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) 
as paragraphs (5) and (6), respectively; and 
(C) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(4) to support a culture of risk manage-
ment, instead of risk avoidance, that enables 
the Department of State to pursue its vital 
goals with full knowledge that it is neither 
desirable nor possible for the Department to 
avoid all risks;’’. 
(2) BRIEFINGS ON EMBASSY SECURITY.—Sec-
tion 105(a)(1) of the Diplomatic Security Act 
of 1986 (22 U.S.C. 4804(a)) is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘any plans to open or re-
open a high risk, high threat post’’ and in-
serting ‘‘progress towards opening or reopen-
ing a high risk, high threat post, and the 
risk to national security of the continued 
closure or any suspension of operations and 
remaining barriers to doing so’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘the 
risk to United States national security of 
the post’s continued closure or suspension of 
operations,’’ after ‘‘national security of the 
United States,’’; and 
(C) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘the 
type and level of security threats such post 
could 
encounter, 
and’’ 
before 
‘‘security 
‘tripwires’ ’’. 
(d) SECURITY REVIEW COMMITTEES.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Section 301 of the Diplo-
matic Security Act of 1986 (22 U.S.C. 4831) is 
amended— 
(A) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘AC-
COUNTABILITY REVIEW BOARDS’’ and inserting 
‘‘SECURITY REVIEW COMMITTEES’’; 
(B) in subsection (a)— 
(i) by amending paragraph (1) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(1) CONVENING THE SECURITY REVIEW COM-
MITTEE.—In any case of a serious security in-
cident involving loss of life, serious injury, 
or significant destruction of property at, or 
related to, a United States Government dip-
lomatic mission abroad (referred to in this 
title as a ‘Serious Security Incident’), and in 
any case of a serious breach of security in-
volving intelligence activities of a foreign 
government directed at a United States Gov-
ernment mission abroad, the Secretary of 
State shall convene a Security Review Com-
mittee, which shall issue a report providing 
a full account of what occurred, consistent 
with section 304.’’; 
(C) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) 
as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; 
(D) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(2) COMMITTEE
COMPOSITION.—The Sec-
retary shall designate a Chairperson and 
may designate additional personnel of com-
mensurate seniority to serve on the Security 
Review Committee, which shall include— 
‘‘(A) the Director of the Office of Manage-
ment Strategy and Solutions; 
‘‘(B) the Assistant Secretary responsible 
for the region where the incident occurred; 
‘‘(C) the Assistant Secretary of State for 
Diplomatic Security; 
‘‘(D) the Assistant Secretary of State for 
Intelligence and Research; 
‘‘(E) an Assistant Secretary-level rep-
resentative from any involved United States 
Government department or agency; and 
‘‘(F) other personnel determined to be nec-
essary or appropriate.’’; 
(i) in paragraph (3), as redesignated by 
clause (ii)— 
(I) in the paragraph heading, by striking 
‘‘DEPARTMENT
OF
DEFENSE
FACILITIES
AND 
PERSONNEL’’ and inserting ‘‘EXCEPTIONS
TO 
CONVENING A SECURITY REVIEW COMMITTEE’’; 
(II) by striking ‘‘The Secretary of State is 
not required to convene a Board in the case’’ 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of State 
is not required to convene a Security Review 
Committee— 
‘‘(i) if the Secretary determines that the 
incident involves only causes unrelated to 
security, such as when the security at issue 
is outside of the scope of the Secretary of 
State’s security responsibilities under sec-
tion 103; 
‘‘(ii) if operational control of overseas se-
curity functions has been delegated to an-
other agency in accordance with section 106; 
‘‘(iii) if the incident is a cybersecurity in-
cident and is covered by other review mecha-
nisms; or 
‘‘(iv) in the case’’; and 
(III) by striking ‘‘In any such case’’ and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(B) DEPARTMENT
OF
DEFENSE
INVESTIGA-
TIONS.—In the case of an incident described 
in subparagraph (A)(iv)’’; and 
(E) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(5) RULEMAKING.—The Secretary of State 
shall promulgate regulations defining the 
membership and operating procedures for the 
Security Review Committee and provide 
such guidance to the Chair and ranking 
members of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions of the Senate and the Committee on 
Foreign Affairs of the House of Representa-
tives.’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— 
(A) in the subsection heading, by striking 
‘‘BOARDS’’ and inserting ‘‘SECURITY REVIEW 
COMMITTEES’’; and 
(B) by amending paragraph (1) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of State 
shall convene an SRC not later than 60 days 
after the occurrence of an incident described 
in subsection (a)(1), or 60 days after the De-
partment first becomes aware of such an in-
cident, whichever is earlier, except that the 
60-day period for convening an SRC may be 
extended for one additional 60-day period if 
the Secretary determines that the additional 
period is necessary.’’; and 
(3) by amending subsection (c) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(c) CONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION.—When-
ever the Secretary of State convenes a Secu-
rity Review Committee, the Secretary shall 
promptly inform the chair and ranking mem-
ber of the Committee on Foreign Relations 
of the Senate and the chair and ranking 
member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs 
of the House of Representatives.’’. 
(e) TECHNICAL
AND
CONFORMING
AMEND-
MENTS.—Section 302 of the Diplomatic Secu-
rity Act of 1986 (22 U.S.C. 4832) is amended— 
(1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘AC-
COUNTABILITY
REVIEW
BOARD’’ and inserting 
‘‘SECURITY REVIEW COMMITTEE’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘a Board’’ each place such 
term appears and inserting ‘‘a Security Re-
view Committee’’. 
(f) SERIOUS SECURITY INCIDENT INVESTIGA-
TION PROCESS.—Section 303 of the Diplomatic 
Security Act of 1986 (22 U.S.C. 4833) is amend-
ed to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 303. SERIOUS SECURITY INCIDENT INVES-
TIGATION PROCESS. 
‘‘(a) INVESTIGATION PROCESS.— 
‘‘(1) INITIATION UPON REPORTED INCIDENT.— 
A United States mission shall submit an ini-
tial report of a Serious Security Incident not 
later than 3 days after such incident occurs, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:52 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00068
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.052
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 114-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S5009 
September 22, 2022 
whenever feasible, at which time an inves-
tigation of the incident shall be initiated. 
‘‘(2) INVESTIGATION.—Not later than 10 days 
after the submission of a report pursuant to 
paragraph (1), the Secretary shall direct the 
Diplomatic Security Service to assemble an 
investigative team to investigate the inci-
dent and independently establish what oc-
curred. Each investigation under this sub-
section shall cover— 
‘‘(A) an assessment of what occurred, who 
perpetrated or is suspected of having per-
petrated the Serious Security Incident, and 
whether applicable security procedures were 
followed; 
‘‘(B) in the event the Serious Security Inci-
dent involved a United States diplomatic 
compound, motorcade, residence, or other fa-
cility, an assessment of whether adequate se-
curity countermeasures were in effect based 
on a known threat at the time of the inci-
dent; 
‘‘(C) if the incident involved an individual 
or group of officers, employees, or family 
members under Chief of Mission security re-
sponsibility conducting approved operations 
or movements outside the United States mis-
sion, an assessment of whether proper secu-
rity briefings and procedures were in place 
and whether weighing of risk of the oper-
ation or movement took place; and 
‘‘(D) an assessment of whether the failure 
of any officials or employees to follow proce-
dures or perform their duties contributed to 
the security incident. 
‘‘(3) INVESTIGATIVE
TEAM.—The investiga-
tive team assembled pursuant to paragraph 
(2) shall consist of individuals from the Dip-
lomatic Security Service who shall provide 
an independent examination of the facts sur-
rounding the incident and what occurred. 
The Secretary, or the Secretary’s designee, 
shall review the makeup of the investigative 
team for a conflict, appearance of conflict, 
or lack of independence that could under-
mine the results of the investigation and 
may remove or replace any members of the 
team to avoid such an outcome. 
‘‘(b) REPORT OF INVESTIGATION.—Not later 
than 90 days after the occurrence of a Seri-
ous Security Incident, the investigative 
team investigating the incident shall pre-
pare and submit a Report of Investigation to 
the Security Review Committee that in-
cludes— 
‘‘(1) a detailed description of the matters 
set forth in subparagraphs (A) through (D) of 
subsection (a)(2), including all related find-
ings; 
‘‘(2) a complete and accurate account of 
the casualties, injuries, and damage result-
ing from the incident; and 
‘‘(3) a review of security procedures and di-
rectives in place at the time of the incident. 
‘‘(c) CONFIDENTIALITY.—The investigative 
team investigating a Serious Security Inci-
dent shall adopt such procedures with re-
spect to confidentiality as determined nec-
essary, including procedures relating to the 
conduct of closed proceedings or the submis-
sion and use of evidence in camera, to ensure 
in particular the protection of classified in-
formation relating to national defense, for-
eign policy, or intelligence matters. The Di-
rector of National Intelligence shall estab-
lish the level of protection required for intel-
ligence information and for information re-
lating to intelligence personnel included in 
the report required under subsection (b). The 
Security Review Committee shall determine 
the level of classification of the final report 
prepared pursuant to section 304(b), and shall 
incorporate the same confidentiality meas-
ures in such report to the maximum extent 
practicable.’’. 
(g) FINDINGS AND RECOMMENDATIONS OF THE 
SECURITY REVIEW COMMITTEE.—Section 304 of 
the Diplomatic Security Act of 1986 (22 
U.S.C. 4834) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 304. SECURITY REVIEW COMMITTEE FIND-
INGS AND REPORT. 
‘‘(a) FINDINGS.—The Security Review Com-
mittee shall— 
‘‘(1) review the Report of Investigation pre-
pared pursuant to section 303(b), and all 
other evidence, reporting, and relevant infor-
mation relating to a Serious Security Inci-
dent at a United States mission abroad, in-
cluding an examination of the facts and cir-
cumstances surrounding any serious injuries, 
loss of life, or significant destruction of 
property resulting from the incident; and 
‘‘(2) determine, in writing— 
‘‘(A) whether the incident was security re-
lated and constituted a Serious Security In-
cident; 
‘‘(B) if the incident involved a diplomatic 
compound, motorcade, residence, or other 
mission facility— 
‘‘(i) whether the security systems, security 
countermeasures, and security procedures 
operated as intended; and 
‘‘(ii) whether such systems worked to ma-
terially mitigate the attack or were found to 
be inadequate to mitigate the threat and at-
tack; 
‘‘(C) if the incident involved an individual 
or group of officers conducting an approved 
operation outside the mission, whether a 
valid process was followed in evaluating the 
requested operation and weighing the risk of 
the operation, which determination shall not 
seek to assign accountability for the inci-
dent unless the Security Review Committee 
determines that an official breached his or 
her duty; 
‘‘(D) the impact of intelligence and infor-
mation availability, and whether the mission 
was aware of the general operating threat 
environment or any more specific threat in-
telligence or information and took that into 
account in ongoing and specific operations; 
and 
‘‘(E) any other facts and circumstances 
that may be relevant to the appropriate se-
curity management of United States mis-
sions abroad. 
‘‘(b) REPORT.— 
‘‘(1) SUBMISSION TO SECRETARY OF STATE.— 
Not later than 60 days after receiving the Re-
port of Investigation prepared pursuant to 
section 303(b), the Security Review Com-
mittee shall submit a report to the Sec-
retary of State that includes— 
‘‘(A) the findings described in subsection 
(a); and 
‘‘(B) any related recommendations. 
‘‘(2) SUBMISSION
TO
CONGRESS.—Not later 
than 90 days after receiving the report pursu-
ant to paragraph (1), the Secretary of State 
shall submit a copy of the report to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate 
and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the 
House of Representatives. 
‘‘(c) PERSONNEL RECOMMENDATIONS.—If in 
the course of conducting an investigation 
under section 303, the investigative team 
finds reasonable cause to believe any indi-
vidual described in section 303(a)(2)(D) has 
breached the duty of that individual or finds 
lesser failures on the part of an individual in 
the performance of his or her duties related 
to the incident, it shall be reported to the 
SRC. If the SRC finds reasonable cause to 
support the determination, it shall be re-
ported to the Secretary for appropriate ac-
tion.’’. 
(h) RELATION TO OTHER PROCEEDINGS.—Sec-
tion 305 of the Diplomatic Security Act of 
1986 (22 U.S.C. 4835) is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(a) NO EFFECT ON EXIST-
ING REMEDIES OR DEFENSES.—’’ before ‘‘Noth-
ing in this title’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(b) FUTURE INQUIRIES.—Nothing in this 
title may be construed to preclude the Sec-
retary of State from convening a follow-up 
public board of inquiry to investigate any se-
curity incident if the incident was of such 
magnitude or significance that an internal 
process is deemed insufficient to understand 
and investigate the incident. All materials 
gathered during the procedures provided 
under this title shall be provided to any re-
lated board of inquiry convened by the Sec-
retary.’’. 
SEC. 5303. ESTABLISHMENT OF UNITED STATES 
EMBASSIES IN VANUATU, KIRIBATI, 
AND TONGA. 
(a) FINDINGS.—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) The Pacific Islands are vital to United 
States national security and national inter-
ests in the Indo-Pacific region and globally. 
(2) The Pacific Islands region spans 15 per-
cent of the world’s surface area and controls 
access to open waters in the Central Pacific, 
sea lanes to the Western Hemisphere, supply 
lines to United States forward-deployed 
forces in East Asia, and economically impor-
tant fisheries. 
(3) The Pacific Islands region is home to 
the State of Hawaii, 11 United States terri-
tories, United States Naval Base Guam, and 
United States Andersen Air Force Base. 
(4) Pacific Island countries cooperate with 
the United States and United States part-
ners on maritime security and efforts to stop 
illegal, unreported, and destructive fishing. 
(5) The Pacific Islands are rich in biodiver-
sity and are on the frontlines of environ-
mental challenges and climate issues. 
(6) The People’s Republic of China (PRC) 
seeks to increase its influence in the Pacific 
Islands region, including through infrastruc-
ture development under the PRC’s One Belt, 
One Road Initiative and its new security 
agreement with the Solomon Islands. 
(7) The United States Embassy in Papua 
New Guinea manages the diplomatic affairs 
of the United States to the Republic of 
Vanuatu, and the United States Embassy in 
Fiji manages the diplomatic affairs of the 
United States to the Republic of Kiribati and 
the Kingdom of Tonga. 
(8) The United States requires a physical 
diplomatic presence in the Republic of 
Vanuatu, the Republic of Kiribati, and the 
Kingdom of Tonga, to ensure the physical 
and operational security of our efforts in 
those countries to deepen relations, protect 
United States national security, and pursue 
United States national interests. 
(9) Increasing the number of United States 
embassies dedicated solely to a Pacific Is-
land 
country 
demonstrates 
the 
United 
States’ ongoing commitment to the region 
and to the Pacific Island countries. 
(b) ESTABLISHMENT OF EMBASSIES.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—As soon as possible, and 
not later than 2 years after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of 
State shall establish physical United States 
embassies in the Republic of Kiribati and the 
Kingdom of Tonga, and a physical presence 
in the Republic of Vanuatu. 
(2) OTHER STRATEGIES.— 
(A) PHYSICAL
INFRASTRUCTURE.—In estab-
lishing embassies pursuant to paragraph (1) 
and creating the physical infrastructure to 
ensure the physical and operational safety of 
embassy personnel, the Secretary may pur-
sue rent or purchase existing buildings or co- 
locate personnel in embassies of like-minded 
partners, such as Australia and New Zealand. 
(B) PERSONNEL.—In establishing a physical 
presence in the Republic of Vanuatu pursu-
ant to paragraph (1), the Secretary may as-
sign 1 or more United States Government 
personnel to the Republic of Vanuatu as part 
of the United States mission in Papua New 
Guinea. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:52 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00069
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.052
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 115-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S5010 
September 22, 2022 
(3) WAIVER AUTHORITY.—The President may 
waive the requirements under paragraph (1) 
for a period of one year if the President de-
termines and reports to Congress in advance 
that such waiver is necessary to protect the 
national security interests of the United 
States. 
(c) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.—Of 
the amounts authorized to be appropriated 
to the Department of State for Embassy Se-
curity, 
Construction, 
and 
Maintenance, 
$40,200,000 is authorized to be appropriated 
for fiscal year 2023 for the establishment and 
maintenance of the three embassies pursuant 
to subsection (b), and $3,000,000 is authorized 
to be appropriated for fiscal year 2024 to 
maintain the embassies. 
(d) REPORT.— 
(1) DEFINED TERM.—In this subsection, the 
term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ 
means— 
(A) the Committee on Foreign Relations of 
the Senate; 
(B) the Committee on Appropriations of 
the Senate; 
(C) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of 
the House of Representatives; and 
(D) the Committee on Appropriations of 
the House of Representatives. 
(2) PROGRESS REPORT.—Not later than 180 
days following the date of the enactment of 
this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit 
to the appropriate committees of Congress a 
report that includes— 
(A) a description of the status of activities 
carried out to achieve the objectives de-
scribed in this section; 
(B) an estimate of when embassies and a 
physical presence will be fully established 
pursuant to subsection (b)(1); and 
(C) an update on events in the Pacific Is-
lands region relevant to the establishment of 
United States embassies, including activities 
by the People’s Republic of China. 
(3) REPORT
ON
FINAL
DISPOSITION.—Not 
later than 2 years after the date of the enact-
ment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit 
a report to the appropriate committees of 
Congress that— 
(A) confirms the establishment of the 2 em-
bassies and the physical presence required 
under subsection (b)(1); or 
(B) if the embassies and physical presence 
required in subsection (b)(1) have not been 
established, a justification for such failure 
to comply with such requirement. 
TITLE LIV—A DIVERSE WORKFORCE: RE-
CRUITMENT, 
RETENTION, 
AND 
PRO-
MOTION 
SEC. 5401. REPORT ON BARRIERS TO APPLYING 
FOR EMPLOYMENT WITH THE DE-
PARTMENT OF STATE. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary 
shall submit a report to the appropriate con-
gressional committees that— 
(1) identifies any barriers for applicants 
applying for employment with the Depart-
ment; 
(2) provides demographic data of online ap-
plicants during the most recent 3 years 
disaggregated by race, ethnicity, gender, 
age, veteran status, disability, geographic 
region, and any other categories determined 
by the Secretary; 
(3) assesses any barriers that exist for ap-
plying online for employment with the De-
partment, disaggregated by race, ethnicity, 
gender, age, veteran status, disability, geo-
graphic region, and any other categories de-
termined by the Secretary; and 
(4) includes recommendations for address-
ing any disparities identified in the online 
application process. 
SEC. 5402. COLLECTION, ANALYSIS, AND DISSEMI-
NATION OF WORKFORCE DATA. 
(a) INITIAL
REPORT.—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to 
the appropriate congressional committees 
that includes disaggregated demographic 
data and other information regarding the di-
versity of the workforce of the Department. 
(b) DATA.—The report required under sub-
section (a) shall include, to the maximum 
extent that the collection and dissemination 
of such data can be done in a way that pro-
tects the confidentiality of individuals and is 
otherwise permissible by law— 
(1) demographic data on each element of 
the workforce of the Department during the 
5-year period ending on the date of the en-
actment of this Act, disaggregated by rank 
and grade or grade-equivalent, with respect 
to— 
(A) individuals hired to join the workforce; 
(B) individuals promoted, including pro-
motions to and within the Senior Executive 
Service or the Senior Foreign Service; 
(C) individuals serving as special assistants 
in any of the offices of the Secretary of 
State, the Deputy Secretary of State, the 
Counselor of the Department of State, the 
Secretary’s Policy Planning Staff, the Under 
Secretary of State for Arms Control and 
International Security, the Under Secretary 
of State for Civilian Security, Democracy, 
and Human Rights, the Under Secretary of 
State for Economic Growth, Energy, and the 
Environment, the Under Secretary of State 
for Management, the Under Secretary of 
State for Political Affairs, and the Under 
Secretary of State for Public Diplomacy and 
Public Affairs; 
(D) individuals serving in each bureau’s 
front office; 
(E) individuals serving as detailees to the 
National Security Council; 
(F) individuals serving on applicable selec-
tion boards; 
(G) members of any external advisory com-
mittee or board who are subject to appoint-
ment by individuals at senior positions in 
the Department; 
(H) individuals participating in profes-
sional development programs of the Depart-
ment and the extent to which such partici-
pants have been placed into senior positions 
within the Department after such participa-
tion; 
(I) individuals participating in mentorship 
or retention programs; and 
(J) individuals who separated from the 
agency, including individuals in the Senior 
Executive Service or the Senior Foreign 
Service; 
(2) an assessment of agency compliance 
with the essential elements identified in 
Equal Employment Opportunity Commission 
Management Directive 715, effective October 
1, 2003; and 
(3) data on the overall number of individ-
uals who are part of the workforce, the per-
centages of such workforce corresponding to 
each element specified in paragraph (1), and 
the percentages corresponding to each rank, 
grade, or grade equivalent. 
(c) EFFECTIVENESS
OF
DEPARTMENT
EF-
FORTS.—The 
report 
required 
under 
sub-
section (a) shall describe and assess the ef-
fectiveness of the efforts of the Depart-
ment— 
(1) to propagate fairness, impartiality, and 
inclusion in the work environment, both do-
mestically and abroad; 
(2) to enforce anti-harassment and anti-dis-
crimination policies, both domestically and 
at posts overseas; 
(3) to refrain from engaging in unlawful 
discrimination in any phase of the employ-
ment process, including recruitment, hiring, 
evaluation, assignments, promotion, reten-
tion, and training; 
(4) to prevent retaliation against employ-
ees for participating in a protected equal em-
ployment opportunity activity or for report-
ing sexual harassment or sexual assault; 
(5) to provide reasonable accommodation 
for qualified employees and applicants with 
disabilities; and 
(6) to recruit a representative workforce 
by— 
(A) recruiting women, persons with disabil-
ities, and minorities; 
(B) recruiting at women’s colleges, histori-
cally Black colleges and universities, minor-
ity-serving institutions, and other institu-
tions serving a significant percentage of mi-
nority students; 
(C) placing job advertisements in news-
papers, magazines, and job sites oriented to-
ward women and minorities; 
(D) sponsoring and recruiting at job fairs 
in urban and rural communities and at land- 
grant colleges or universities; 
(E) providing opportunities through the 
Foreign Service Internship Program under 
chapter 12 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 
(22 U.S.C. 4141 et seq.), and other hiring ini-
tiatives; 
(F) recruiting mid-level and senior-level 
professionals through programs designed to 
increase representation in international af-
fairs of people belonging to traditionally 
under-represented groups; 
(G) offering the Foreign Service written 
and oral assessment examinations in several 
locations throughout the United States or 
via online platforms to reduce the burden of 
applicants having to travel at their own ex-
pense to take either or both such examina-
tions; 
(H) expanding the use of paid internships; 
and 
(I) supporting recruiting and hiring oppor-
tunities through— 
(i) the Charles B. Rangel International Af-
fairs Fellowship Program; 
(ii) the Thomas R. Pickering Foreign Af-
fairs Fellowship Program; and 
(iii) other initiatives, including agency-
wide policy initiatives. 
(d) ANNUAL REPORT.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 1 year after 
the publication of the report required under 
subsection (a), the Secretary of State shall 
submit a report to the appropriate congres-
sional committees, and make such report 
available on the Department’s website, that 
includes, without compromising the con-
fidentiality of individuals and to the extent 
otherwise consistent with law— 
(A) disaggregated demographic data, to the 
maximum extent that collection of such data 
is permissible by law, relating to the work-
force and information on the status of diver-
sity and inclusion efforts of the Department; 
(B) an analysis of applicant flow data, to 
the maximum extent that collection of such 
data is permissible by law; and 
(C) disaggregated demographic data relat-
ing to participants in professional develop-
ment programs of the Department and the 
rate of placement into senior positions for 
participants in such programs. 
(2) COMBINATION
WITH
OTHER
ANNUAL
RE-
PORT.—The report required under paragraph 
(1) may be combined with another annual re-
port required by law, to the extent prac-
ticable. 
SEC. 5403. CENTERS OF EXCELLENCE IN FOR-
EIGN AFFAIRS AND ASSISTANCE. 
(a) PURPOSE.—The purposes of this section 
are— 
(1) to advance the values and interests of 
the United States overseas through pro-
grams that foster innovation, competitive-
ness, and a diversity of backgrounds, views, 
and experience in the formulation and imple-
mentation of United States foreign policy 
and assistance; and 
(2) to create opportunities for specialized 
research, education, training, professional 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:52 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00070
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.052
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 116-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S5011 
September 22, 2022 
development, and leadership opportunities 
for individuals belonging to an underrep-
resented group within the Department and 
USAID. 
(b) STUDY.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary and the Ad-
ministrator of USAID shall conduct a study 
on the feasibility of establishing Centers of 
Excellence in Foreign Affairs and Assistance 
(referred to in this section as the ‘‘Centers of 
Excellence’’) within institutions that serve 
individuals belonging to an underrepresented 
group to focus on 1 or more of the areas de-
scribed in paragraph (2). 
(2) ELEMENTS.—In conducting the study re-
quired under paragraph (1), the Secretary 
and the Administrator, respectively, shall 
consider— 
(A) opportunities to enter into public-pri-
vate partnerships that will— 
(i) increase diversity in foreign affairs and 
foreign assistance Federal careers; 
(ii) prepare a diverse cadre of students (in-
cluding nontraditional, mid-career, part- 
time, and heritage students) and nonprofit or 
business professionals with the skills and 
education needed to meaningfully contribute 
to the formulation and execution of United 
States foreign policy and assistance; 
(iii) support the conduct of research, edu-
cation, and extension programs that reflect 
diverse perspectives and a wide range of 
views of world regions and international af-
fairs— 
(I) to assist in the development of regional 
and functional foreign policy skills; 
(II) to strengthen international develop-
ment and humanitarian assistance programs; 
and 
(III) to strengthen democratic institutions 
and processes in policymaking, including 
supporting public policies that engender eq-
uitable and inclusive societies and focus on 
challenges and inequalities in education, 
health, wealth, justice, and other sectors 
faced by diverse communities; 
(iv) enable domestic and international edu-
cational, internship, fellowship, faculty ex-
change, training, employment or other inno-
vative programs to acquire or strengthen 
knowledge of foreign languages, cultures, so-
cieties, and international skills and perspec-
tives; 
(v) support collaboration among institu-
tions of higher education, including commu-
nity colleges, nonprofit organizations, and 
corporations, to strengthen the engagement 
between experts and specialists in the for-
eign affairs and foreign assistance fields; and 
(vi) 
leverage 
additional 
public-private 
partnerships with nonprofit organizations, 
foundations, corporations, institutions of 
higher education, and the Federal Govern-
ment; and 
(B) budget and staffing requirements, in-
cluding appropriate sources of funding, for 
the establishment and conduct of operations 
of such Centers of Excellence. 
(c) REPORT.—Not later than 120 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the 
Secretary shall submit a report to the appro-
priate congressional committees that con-
tains the findings of the study conducted 
pursuant to subsection (b). 
SEC. 5404. INSTITUTE FOR TRANSATLANTIC EN-
GAGEMENT. 
(a) ESTABLISHMENT.—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Secretary is authorized to establish 
the Institute for Transatlantic Engagement 
(referred to in this section as the ‘‘Insti-
tute’’). 
(b) PURPOSE.—The purpose of the Institute 
shall be to strengthen national security by 
highlighting, to a geographically diverse set 
of populations from the United States and 
member countries of the European Union, 
the importance of the transatlantic relation-
ship and the threats posed by adversarial 
countries, such as the Russian Federation 
and the People’s Republic of China, to de-
mocracy, free-market economic principles, 
and human rights, with the aim that lessons 
learned from the Institute will be shared 
across the United States and Europe. 
(c) DIRECTOR.—The Institute shall be head-
ed by a Director, who shall have expertise in 
transatlantic relations and diverse popu-
lations in the United States and Europe. 
(d) SCOPE
AND ACTIVITIES.—The Institute 
shall— 
(1) strengthen knowledge of the formation 
and implementation of transatlantic policies 
critical to national security, including the 
threats posed by the Russian Federation and 
the People’s Republic of China; 
(2) increase awareness of the roles of gov-
ernment and nongovernmental actors, such 
as multilateral organizations, businesses, 
civil society actors, academia, think tanks, 
and philanthropic institutions, in trans-
atlantic policy development and execution; 
(3) increase understanding of the manner 
in which diverse backgrounds and perspec-
tives affect the development of transatlantic 
policies; 
(4) enhance the skills, abilities, and effec-
tiveness of government officials at national 
and international levels; 
(5) increase awareness of the importance 
of, and interest in, international public serv-
ice careers; 
(6) annually invite not fewer than 30 indi-
viduals to participate in programs of the In-
stitute; 
(7) not less than 3 times annually, convene 
representatives of United States and Euro-
pean Union governments for a program of-
fered by the Institute that is not less than 2 
days in duration; and 
(8) develop metrics to track the success 
and efficacy of the program. 
(e) ELIGIBILITY
TO PARTICIPATE.—Partici-
pants in the programs of the Institute shall 
include elected government officials— 
(1) serving at national, regional, or local 
levels in the United States and member 
countries of the European Union; and 
(2) who represent geographically diverse 
backgrounds or constituencies in the United 
States and Europe. 
(f) SELECTION OF PARTICIPANTS.— 
(1) UNITED STATES PARTICIPANTS.—Partici-
pants from the United States shall be ap-
pointed in an equally divided manner by the 
chairpersons and ranking members of the ap-
propriate congressional committees. 
(2) EUROPEAN
UNION
PARTICIPANTS.—Par-
ticipants from European Union member 
countries shall be appointed by the Sec-
retary, in consultation with the chairpersons 
and ranking members of the appropriate con-
gressional committees. 
(g) RESTRICTIONS.— 
(1) UNPAID PARTICIPATION.—Participants in 
the Institute may not be paid a salary for 
such participation. 
(2) REIMBURSEMENT.—The Institute may 
pay or reimburse participants for reasonable 
travel, lodging, and food in connection with 
participation in the program. 
(3) TRAVEL.—No funds authorized to be ap-
propriated under subsection (h) may be used 
for travel for Members of Congress to par-
ticipate in Institute activities. 
(h) AUTHORIZATION
OF
APPROPRIATIONS.— 
There is authorized to be appropriated to 
carry out this section $750,000 for fiscal year 
2023. 
SEC. 5405. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this division may be construed 
as altering existing law regarding merit sys-
tem principles. 
TITLE LV—INFORMATION SECURITY AND 
CYBER DIPLOMACY 
SEC. 
5501. 
UNITED 
STATES 
INTERNATIONAL 
CYBERSPACE POLICY. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—It is the policy of the 
United States— 
(1) to work internationally to promote an 
open, interoperable, reliable, and secure 
internet governed by the multi-stakeholder 
model, which— 
(A) promotes democracy, the rule of law, 
and human rights, including freedom of ex-
pression; 
(B) supports the ability to innovate, com-
municate, and promote economic prosperity; 
and 
(C) is designed to protect privacy and 
guard against deception, fraud, and theft; 
(2) to encourage and aid United States al-
lies and partners in improving their own 
technological capabilities and resiliency to 
pursue, defend, and protect shared interests 
and values, free from coercion and external 
pressure; and 
(3) in furtherance of the efforts described 
in paragraphs (1) and (2)— 
(A) to provide incentives to the private 
sector to accelerate the development of the 
technologies referred to in such paragraphs; 
(B) to modernize and harmonize with allies 
and partners export controls and investment 
screening regimes and associated policies 
and regulations; and 
(C) to enhance United States leadership in 
technical standards-setting bodies and ave-
nues for developing norms regarding the use 
of digital tools. 
(b) IMPLEMENTATION.—In implementing the 
policy described in subsection (a), the Presi-
dent, in consultation with outside actors, as 
appropriate, including private sector compa-
nies, nongovernmental organizations, secu-
rity researchers, and other relevant stake-
holders, in the conduct of bilateral and mul-
tilateral relations, shall strive— 
(1) to clarify the applicability of inter-
national laws and norms to the use of infor-
mation and communications technology (re-
ferred to in this subsection as ‘‘ICT’’); 
(2) to reduce and limit the risk of esca-
lation and retaliation in cyberspace, damage 
to critical infrastructure, and other mali-
cious cyber activity that impairs the use and 
operation of critical infrastructure that pro-
vides services to the public; 
(3) to cooperate with like-minded countries 
that share common values and cyberspace 
policies with the United States, including re-
spect for human rights, democracy, and the 
rule of law, to advance such values and poli-
cies internationally; 
(4) to encourage the responsible develop-
ment of new, innovative technologies and 
ICT products that strengthen a secure inter-
net architecture that is accessible to all; 
(5) to secure and implement commitments 
on responsible country behavior in cyber-
space, including commitments by coun-
tries— 
(A) to not conduct, or knowingly support, 
cyber-enabled theft of intellectual property, 
including trade secrets or other confidential 
business information, with the intent of pro-
viding competitive advantages to companies 
or commercial sectors; 
(B) to take all appropriate and reasonable 
efforts to keep their territories clear of in-
tentionally wrongful acts using ICT in viola-
tion of international commitments; 
(C) not to conduct or knowingly support 
ICT activity that intentionally damages or 
otherwise impairs the use and operation of 
critical infrastructure providing services to 
the public, in violation of international law; 
(D) to take appropriate measures to pro-
tect the country’s critical infrastructure 
from ICT threats; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:52 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00071
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.052
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 117-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S5012 
September 22, 2022 
(E) not to conduct or knowingly support 
malicious international activity that harms 
the information systems of authorized emer-
gency response teams (also known as ‘‘com-
puter emergency response teams’’ or ‘‘cyber-
security incident response teams’’) of an-
other country or authorize emergency re-
sponse teams to engage in malicious inter-
national activity, in violation of inter-
national law; 
(F) to respond to appropriate requests for 
assistance to mitigate malicious ICT activ-
ity emanating from their territory and 
aimed at the critical infrastructure of an-
other country; 
(G) to not restrict cross-border data flows 
or require local storage or processing of 
data; and 
(H) to protect the exercise of human rights 
and fundamental freedoms on the internet, 
while recognizing that the human rights 
that people have offline also need to be pro-
tected online; and 
(6) to advance, encourage, and support the 
development and adoption of internationally 
recognized technical standards and best 
practices. 
SEC. 5502. BUREAU OF CYBERSPACE AND DIG-
ITAL POLICY. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 1 of the State De-
partment Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 
U.S.C. 2651a), is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (i) and (j) 
as subsection (j) and (k), respectively; 
(2) by redesignating subsection (h) (as 
added by section 361(a)(1) of division FF of 
the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 
(Public Law 116–260)) as subsection (l); and 
(3) by inserting after subsection (h) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(i) BUREAU
OF CYBERSPACE
AND DIGITAL 
POLICY.— 
‘‘(1) IN
GENERAL.—There is established, 
within the Department of State, the Bureau 
of Cyberspace and Digital Policy (referred to 
in this subsection as the ‘Bureau’). The head 
of the Bureau shall have the rank and status 
of ambassador and shall be appointed by the 
President, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate. 
‘‘(2) DUTIES.— 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—The head of the Bureau 
shall perform such duties and exercise such 
powers as the Secretary of State shall pre-
scribe, including implementing the policy 
described in section 5501(a) of the Depart-
ment of State Authorization Act of 2022. 
‘‘(B) DUTIES DESCRIBED.—The principal du-
ties and responsibilities of the head of the 
Bureau shall be— 
‘‘(i) to serve as the principal cyberspace 
policy official within the senior management 
of the Department of State and as the advi-
sor to the Secretary of State for cyberspace 
and digital issues; 
‘‘(ii) to lead, coordinate, and execute, in 
coordination with other relevant bureaus 
and offices, the Department of State’s diplo-
matic cyberspace, cybersecurity (including 
efforts related to data privacy, data flows, 
internet governance, information and com-
munications technology standards, and other 
issues that the Secretary has assigned to the 
Bureau); 
‘‘(iii) to advance United States national se-
curity and foreign policy interests in cyber-
space and to coordinate cyberspace policy 
and other relevant functions with the De-
partment of State and with other compo-
nents of the Federal Government; 
‘‘(iv) to promote an open, interoperable, re-
liable, and secure information and commu-
nications technology infrastructure globally; 
‘‘(v) to represent the Secretary of State in 
interagency efforts to develop and advance 
Federal Government cyber priorities and ac-
tivities, including efforts to develop credible 
national capabilities, strategies, and policies 
to deter and counter cyber adversaries, and 
carry out the purposes of title V of the De-
partment of State Authorization Act of 2022; 
‘‘(vi) to engage civil society, the private 
sector, academia, and other public and pri-
vate 
entities 
on 
relevant 
international 
cyberspace and information and communica-
tions technology issues; 
‘‘(vii) to lead United States Government ef-
forts to uphold and further develop global de-
terrence frameworks for malicious cyber ac-
tivity; 
‘‘(viii) to advise the Secretary of State and 
coordinate with foreign governments regard-
ing responses to national security-level 
cyber incidents, including coordination on 
diplomatic response efforts to support allies 
and partners threatened by malicious cyber 
activity, in conjunction with members of the 
North Atlantic Treaty Organization and 
like-minded countries; 
‘‘(ix) to promote the building of foreign ca-
pacity relating to cyberspace policy prior-
ities; 
‘‘(x) to promote an open, interoperable, re-
liable, and secure information and commu-
nications technology infrastructure globally 
and an open, interoperable, secure, and reli-
able internet governed by the multi-stake-
holder model; 
‘‘(xi) to promote an international regu-
latory environment for technology invest-
ments and the internet that benefits United 
States economic and national security inter-
ests; 
‘‘(xii) to promote cross-border flow of data 
and combat international initiatives seeking 
to impose unreasonable requirements on 
United States businesses; 
‘‘(xiii) to promote international policies to 
protect the integrity of United States and 
international 
telecommunications 
infra-
structure from foreign-based threats, includ-
ing cyber-enabled threats; 
‘‘(xiv) to lead engagement, in coordination 
with relevant executive branch agencies, 
with foreign governments on relevant inter-
national 
cyberspace, 
cybersecurity, 
cybercrime, and digital economy issues de-
scribed in title V of the Department of State 
Authorization Act of 2022; 
‘‘(xv) to promote international policies to 
secure radio frequency spectrum for United 
States businesses and national security 
needs; 
‘‘(xvi) to promote and protect the exercise 
of human rights, including freedom of speech 
and religion, through the internet; 
‘‘(xvii) to build capacity of United States 
diplomatic officials to engage on cyberspace 
issues; 
‘‘(xviii) to encourage the development and 
adoption by foreign countries of internation-
ally recognized standards, policies, and best 
practices; 
‘‘(xix) to support efforts by the Global En-
gagement Center to counter cyber-enabled 
information operations against the United 
States or its allies and partners; and 
‘‘(xx) to conduct such other matters as the 
Secretary of State may assign. 
‘‘(3) QUALIFICATIONS.—The head of the Bu-
reau should be an individual of demonstrated 
competency in the fields of— 
‘‘(A) cybersecurity and other relevant 
cyberspace and information and communica-
tions technology policy issues; and 
‘‘(B) international diplomacy. 
‘‘(4) ORGANIZATIONAL PLACEMENT.— 
‘‘(A) INITIAL
PLACEMENT.—Except as pro-
vided in subparagraph (B), the head of the 
Bureau shall report to the Deputy Secretary 
of State. 
‘‘(B) SUBSEQUENT PLACEMENT.—The head of 
the Bureau may report to an Under Sec-
retary of State or to an official holding a 
higher position than Under Secretary if, not 
later than 15 days before any change in such 
reporting structure, the Secretary of State— 
‘‘(i) consults with the Committee on For-
eign Relations of the Senate and the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs of the House of 
Representatives; and 
‘‘(ii) submits a report to such committees 
that— 
‘‘(I) indicates that the Secretary, with re-
spect to the reporting structure of the Bu-
reau, has consulted with and solicited feed-
back from— 
‘‘(aa) other relevant Federal entities with 
a role in international aspects of cyber pol-
icy; and 
‘‘(bb) the elements of the Department of 
State with responsibility for aspects of cyber 
policy, including the elements reporting to— 
‘‘(AA) the Under Secretary of State for Po-
litical Affairs; 
‘‘(BB) the Under Secretary of State for Ci-
vilian Security, Democracy, and Human 
Rights; 
‘‘(CC) the Under Secretary of State for 
Economic Growth, Energy, and the Environ-
ment; 
‘‘(DD) the Under Secretary of State for 
Arms Control and International Security Af-
fairs; 
‘‘(EE) the Under Secretary of State for 
Management; and 
‘‘(FF) the Under Secretary of State for 
Public Diplomacy and Public Affairs; 
‘‘(II) describes the new reporting structure 
for the head of the Bureau and the justifica-
tion for such new structure; and 
‘‘(III) includes a plan describing how the 
new reporting structure will better enable 
the head of the Bureau to carry out the du-
ties described in paragraph (2), including the 
security, economic, and human rights as-
pects of cyber diplomacy. 
‘‘(5) SPECIAL HIRING AUTHORITIES.—The Sec-
retary of State may— 
‘‘(A) appoint employees without regard to 
the provisions of title 5, United States Code, 
regarding appointments in the competitive 
service; and 
‘‘(B) fix the basic compensation of such 
employees without regard to chapter 51 and 
subchapter III of chapter 53 of such title re-
garding classification and General Schedule 
pay rates. 
‘‘(6) RULE
OF
CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in 
this subsection may be construed to preclude 
the head of the Bureau from being des-
ignated as an Assistant Secretary, if such an 
Assistant Secretary position does not in-
crease the number of Assistant Secretary po-
sitions at the Department above the number 
authorized under subsection (c)(1).’’. 
(b) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of 
Congress that the Bureau established under 
section 1(i) of the State Department Basic 
Authorities Act of 1956, as added by sub-
section (a), should have a diverse workforce 
composed of qualified individuals, including 
individuals belonging to an underrepresented 
group. 
(c) UNITED NATIONS.—The Permanent Rep-
resentative of the United States to the 
United Nations should use the voice, vote, 
and influence of the United States to oppose 
any measure that is inconsistent with the 
policy described in section 5501(a). 
SEC. 5503. INTERNATIONAL CYBERSPACE AND 
DIGITAL POLICY STRATEGY. 
(a) STRATEGY REQUIRED.—Not later than 1 
year after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the President, acting through the Sec-
retary, and in coordination with the heads of 
other relevant Federal departments and 
agencies, shall develop an international 
cyberspace and digital policy strategy. 
(b) 
ELEMENTS.—The 
strategy 
required 
under subsection (a) shall include— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:52 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00072
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.052
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 118-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S5013 
September 22, 2022 
(1) a review of actions and activities under-
taken to support the policy described in sec-
tion 5501(a); 
(2) a plan of action to guide the diplomacy 
of the Department with regard to foreign 
countries, including— 
(A) conducting bilateral and multilateral 
activities— 
(i) to develop and support the implementa-
tion of norms of responsible country behav-
ior in cyberspace consistent with the objec-
tives specified in section 5501(b)(5); 
(ii) to reduce the frequency and severity of 
cyberattacks on United States individuals, 
businesses, governmental agencies, and other 
organizations; 
(iii) to reduce cybersecurity risks to 
United States and allied critical infrastruc-
ture; 
(iv) to improve allies’ and partners’ col-
laboration with the United States on cyber-
security issues, including information shar-
ing, regulatory coordination and improve-
ment, and joint investigatory and law en-
forcement operations related to cybercrime; 
and 
(v) to share best practices and advance pro-
posals to strengthen civilian and private sec-
tor resiliency to threats and access to oppor-
tunities in cyberspace; and 
(B) reviewing the status of existing efforts 
in relevant multilateral fora, as appropriate, 
to obtain commitments on international 
norms regarding cyberspace; 
(3) a review of alternative concepts for 
international norms regarding cyberspace of-
fered by foreign countries; 
(4) a detailed description of new and evolv-
ing threats regarding cyberspace from for-
eign adversaries, state-sponsored actors, and 
non-state actors to— 
(A) United States national security; 
(B) the Federal and private sector cyber-
space infrastructure of the United States; 
(C) intellectual property in the United 
States; and 
(D) the privacy and security of citizens of 
the United States; 
(5) a review of the policy tools available to 
the President to deter and de-escalate ten-
sions with foreign countries, state-sponsored 
actors, and private actors regarding— 
(A) threats in cyberspace; 
(B) the degree to which such tools have 
been used; and 
(C) whether such tools have been effective 
deterrents; 
(6) a review of resources required to con-
duct activities to build responsible norms of 
international cyber behavior; 
(7) a review to determine whether the 
budgetary resources, technical expertise, 
legal authorities, and personnel available to 
the Department and other relevant Federal 
agencies are adequate to achieve the actions 
and activities undertaken to support the pol-
icy described in section 5501(a); 
(8) a review to determine whether the De-
partment is properly organized and coordi-
nated with other Federal agencies to achieve 
the objectives described in section 5501(b); 
and 
(9) a plan of action, developed in consulta-
tion with relevant Federal departments and 
agencies as the President may direct, to 
guide the diplomacy of the Department with 
respect to the inclusion of cyber issues in 
mutual defense agreements. 
(c) FORM OF STRATEGY.— 
(1) PUBLIC AVAILABILITY.—The strategy re-
quired under subsection (a) shall be available 
to the public in unclassified form, including 
through publication in the Federal Register. 
(2) CLASSIFIED
ANNEX.—The strategy re-
quired under subsection (a) may include a 
classified annex. 
(d) BRIEFING.—Not later than 30 days after 
the completion of the strategy required 
under subsection (a), the Secretary shall 
brief the appropriate congressional commit-
tees regarding the strategy, including any 
material contained in a classified annex. 
(e) UPDATES.—The strategy required under 
subsection (a) shall be updated— 
(1) not later than 90 days after any mate-
rial change to United States policy described 
in such strategy; and 
(2) not later than 1 year after the inaugura-
tion of each new President. 
SEC. 5504. GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OF-
FICE REPORT ON CYBER DIPLO-
MACY. 
Not later than 18 months after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller 
General of the United States shall submit a 
report and provide a briefing to the appro-
priate congressional committees that in-
cludes— 
(1) an assessment of the extent to which 
United States diplomatic processes and other 
efforts with foreign countries, including 
through multilateral fora, bilateral engage-
ments, and negotiated cyberspace agree-
ments, advance the full range of United 
States interests regarding cyberspace, in-
cluding the policy described in section 
5501(a); 
(2) an assessment of the Department’s or-
ganizational structure and approach to man-
aging its diplomatic efforts to advance the 
full range of United States interests regard-
ing cyberspace, including a review of— 
(A) the establishment of a Bureau within 
the Department to lead the Department’s 
international cyber mission; 
(B) the current or proposed diplomatic 
mission, structure, staffing, funding, and ac-
tivities of such Bureau; 
(C) how the establishment of such Bureau 
has impacted or is likely to impact the 
structure and organization of the Depart-
ment; and 
(D) what challenges, if any, the Depart-
ment has faced or will face in establishing 
such Bureau; and 
(3) any other matters that the Comptroller 
General determines to be relevant. 
SEC. 5505. REPORT ON DIPLOMATIC PROGRAMS 
TO 
DETECT 
AND 
RESPOND 
TO 
CYBER THREATS AGAINST ALLIES 
AND PARTNERS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in 
coordination with the heads of other rel-
evant Federal agencies, shall submit a report 
to the appropriate congressional committees 
that assesses the capabilities of the Depart-
ment to provide civilian-led support for 
acute cyber incident response in ally and 
partner countries that includes— 
(1) a description and assessment of the De-
partment’s coordination with cyber pro-
grams and operations of the Department of 
Defense and the Department of Homeland 
Security; 
(2) recommendations on how to improve 
coordination and executive of Department 
involvement in programs or operations to 
support allies and partners in responding to 
acute cyber incidents; and 
(3) the budgetary resources, technical ex-
pertise, legal authorities, and personnel 
needed for the Department to formulate and 
implement the programs described in this 
section. 
SEC. 5506. CYBERSECURITY RECRUITMENT AND 
RETENTION. 
(a) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of 
Congress that improving computer program-
ming language proficiency will improve— 
(1) the cybersecurity effectiveness of the 
Department; and 
(2) the ability of foreign service officers to 
engage with foreign audiences on cybersecu-
rity matters. 
(b) TECHNOLOGY TALENT ACQUISITION.— 
(1) ESTABLISHMENT.—The Secretary shall 
establish positions within the Bureau of 
Global Talent Management that are solely 
dedicated to the recruitment and retention 
of Department personnel with backgrounds 
in cybersecurity, engineering, data science, 
application development, artificial intel-
ligence, critical and emerging technology, 
and technology and digital policy. 
(2) GOALS.—The goals of the positions de-
scribed in paragraph (1) shall be— 
(A) to fulfill the critical need of the De-
partment to recruit and retain employees for 
cybersecurity, digital, and technology posi-
tions; 
(B) to actively recruit relevant candidates 
from academic institutions, the private sec-
tor, and related industries; 
(C) to work with the Office of Personnel 
Management and the United States Digital 
Service to develop and implement best strat-
egies for recruiting and retaining technology 
talent; and 
(D) to inform and train supervisors at the 
Department on the use of the authorities 
listed in subsection (c)(1). 
(3) IMPLEMENTATION PLAN.—Not later than 
180 days after the date of the enactment of 
this Act, the Secretary shall submit a plan 
to the appropriate congressional committees 
that describes how the objectives and goals 
set forth in paragraphs (1) and (2) will be im-
plemented. 
(4) AUTHORIZATION
OF
APPROPRIATIONS.— 
There is authorized to be appropriated 
$750,000 for each of the fiscal years 2023 
through 2027 to carry out this subsection. 
(c) ANNUAL REPORT
ON HIRING AUTHORI-
TIES.—Not later than 1 year after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, and annually 
thereafter for the following 5 years, the Sec-
retary shall submit a report to the appro-
priate congressional committees that in-
cludes— 
(1) a list of the hiring authorities available 
to the Department to recruit and retain per-
sonnel with backgrounds in cybersecurity, 
engineering, data science, application devel-
opment, artificial intelligence, critical and 
emerging technology, and technology and 
digital policy; 
(2) a list of which hiring authorities de-
scribed in paragraph (1) have been used dur-
ing the previous 5 years; 
(3) the number of employees in qualified 
positions hired, aggregated by position and 
grade level or pay band; 
(4) the number of employees who have been 
placed in qualified positions, aggregated by 
bureau and offices within the Department; 
(5) the rate of attrition of individuals who 
begin the hiring process and do not complete 
the process and a description of the reasons 
for such attrition; 
(6) the number of individuals who are 
interviewed by subject matter experts and 
the number of individuals who are not inter-
viewed by subject matter experts; and 
(7) recommendations for— 
(A) reducing the attrition rate referred to 
in paragraph (5) by 5 percent each year; 
(B) additional hiring authorities needed to 
acquire needed technology talent; 
(C) hiring personnel to hold public trust 
positions until such personnel can obtain the 
necessary security clearance; and 
(D) informing and training supervisors 
within the Department on the use of the au-
thorities listed in paragraph (1). 
(d) INCENTIVE PAY FOR CYBERSECURITY PRO-
FESSIONALS.—To increase the number of 
qualified candidates available to fulfill the 
cybersecurity needs of the Department, the 
Secretary shall— 
(1) include computer programming lan-
guages within the Recruitment Language 
Program; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:52 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00073
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.052
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 119-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S5014 
September 22, 2022 
(2) provide appropriate language incentive 
pay. 
(e) REPORT.—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, and 
annually thereafter for the following 5 years, 
the Secretary shall provide a list to the ap-
propriate congressional committees that 
identifies— 
(1) the computer programming languages 
included within the Recruitment Language 
Program and the language incentive pay 
rate; and 
(2) the number of individuals benefitting 
from the inclusion of such computer pro-
gramming languages in the Recruitment 
Language Program and language incentive 
pay. 
SEC. 5507. SHORT COURSE ON EMERGING TECH-
NOLOGIES FOR SENIOR OFFICIALS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary shall develop and begin pro-
viding, for senior officials of the Depart-
ment, a course addressing how the most re-
cent and relevant technologies affect the ac-
tivities of the Department. 
(b) THROUGHPUT
OBJECTIVES.—The Sec-
retary should ensure that— 
(1) during the first year that the course de-
veloped pursuant to subsection (a) is offered, 
not fewer than 20 percent of senior officials 
are certified as having passed such course; 
and 
(2) in each subsequent year, until the date 
on which 80 percent of senior officials are 
certified as having passed such course, an ad-
ditional 10 percent of senior officials are cer-
tified as having passed such course. 
SEC. 5508. ESTABLISHMENT AND EXPANSION OF 
REGIONAL TECHNOLOGY OFFICER 
PROGRAM. 
(a) REGIONAL
TECHNOLOGY
OFFICER
PRO-
GRAM.— 
(1) ESTABLISHMENT.—The Secretary shall 
establish a program, which shall be known as 
the ‘‘Regional Technology Officer Program’’ 
(referred to in this section as the ‘‘Pro-
gram’’). 
(2) GOALS.—The goals of the Program shall 
include the following: 
(A) Promoting United States leadership in 
technology abroad. 
(B) Working with partners to increase the 
deployment of critical and emerging tech-
nology in support of democratic values. 
(C) Shaping diplomatic agreements in re-
gional and international fora with respect to 
critical and emerging technologies. 
(D) Building diplomatic capacity for han-
dling 
critical 
and 
emerging 
technology 
issues. 
(E) Facilitating the role of critical and 
emerging technology in advancing the for-
eign policy objectives of the United States 
through engagement with research labs, in-
cubators, and venture capitalists. 
(F) Maintaining the advantages of the 
United States with respect to critical and 
emerging technologies. 
(b) IMPLEMENTATION PLAN.—Not later than 
180 days after the date of the enactment of 
this Act, the Secretary shall submit an im-
plementation plan to the appropriate con-
gressional committees that outlines strate-
gies for— 
(1) advancing the goals described in sub-
section (a)(2); 
(2) hiring Regional Technology Officers 
and increasing the competitiveness of the 
Program within the Foreign Service bidding 
process; 
(3) expanding the Program to include a 
minimum of 15 Regional Technology Offi-
cers; and 
(4) assigning not fewer than 2 Regional 
Technology Officers to posts within— 
(A) each regional bureau of the Depart-
ment; and 
(B) the Bureau of International Organiza-
tion Affairs. 
(c) ANNUAL BRIEFING REQUIREMENT.—Not 
later than 180 days after the date of the en-
actment of this Act, and annually thereafter 
for the following 5 years, the Secretary shall 
brief the appropriate congressional commit-
tees regarding the status of the implementa-
tion plan required under subsection (b). 
(d) AUTHORIZATION
OF
APPROPRIATIONS.— 
There is authorized to be appropriated 
$25,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2023 
through 2027 to carry out this section. 
SEC. 5509. VULNERABILITY DISCLOSURE POLICY 
AND BUG BOUNTY PROGRAM RE-
PORT. 
(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) BUG BOUNTY PROGRAM.—The term ‘‘bug 
bounty program’’ means a program under 
which an approved individual, organization, 
or company is temporarily authorized to 
identify and report vulnerabilities of inter-
net-facing information technology of the De-
partment in exchange for compensation. 
(2) INFORMATION
TECHNOLOGY.—The term 
‘‘information technology’’ has the meaning 
given such term in section 11101 of title 40, 
United States Code. 
(b) VULNERABILITY DISCLOSURE POLICY.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary shall design, establish, and 
make publicly known a Vulnerability Disclo-
sure Policy (referred to in this section as the 
‘‘VDP’’) to improve Department cybersecu-
rity by— 
(A) creating Department policy and infra-
structure to receive reports of and remediate 
discovered vulnerabilities in line with exist-
ing policies of the Office of Management and 
Budget and the Department of Homeland Se-
curity Binding Operational Directive 20–01 or 
any subsequent directive; and 
(B) providing a report on such policy and 
infrastructure to Congress. 
(2) ANNUAL
REPORTS.—Not later than 180 
days after the establishment of the VDP pur-
suant to paragraph (1), and annually there-
after for the following 5 years, the Secretary 
shall submit a report on the VDP to the 
Committee on Foreign Relations of the Sen-
ate, the Committee on Homeland Security 
and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House 
of Representatives, and the Committee on 
Homeland Security of the House of Rep-
resentatives that includes information relat-
ing to— 
(A) the number and severity of all security 
vulnerabilities reported; 
(B) the number of previously unidentified 
security vulnerabilities remediated as a re-
sult; 
(C) the current number of outstanding pre-
viously unidentified security vulnerabilities 
and Department of State remediation plans; 
(D) the average time between the reporting 
of security vulnerabilities and remediation 
of such vulnerabilities; 
(E) the resources, surge staffing, roles, and 
responsibilities within the Department used 
to implement the VDP and complete secu-
rity vulnerability remediation; 
(F) how the VDP identified vulnerabilities 
are incorporated into existing Department 
vulnerability prioritization and management 
processes; 
(G) any challenges in implementing the 
VDP and plans for expansion or contraction 
in the scope of the VDP across Department 
information systems; and 
(H) any other topic that the Secretary de-
termines to be relevant. 
(c) BUG BOUNTY PROGRAM REPORT.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary shall submit a report to Con-
gress that describes any ongoing efforts by 
the Department or a third-party vendor 
under contract with the Department to es-
tablish or carry out a bug bounty program 
that identifies security vulnerabilities of 
internet-facing information technology of 
the Department. 
(2) REPORT.—Not later than 180 days after 
the date on which any bug bounty program is 
established, the Secretary shall submit a re-
port to the Committee on Foreign Relations 
of the Senate, the Committee on Homeland 
Security and Governmental Affairs of the 
Senate, the Committee on Foreign Affairs of 
the House of Representatives, and the Com-
mittee on Homeland Security of the House of 
Representatives regarding such program, in-
cluding information relating to— 
(A) the number of approved individuals, or-
ganizations, or companies involved in such 
program, disaggregated by the number of ap-
proved individuals, organizations, or compa-
nies that— 
(i) registered; 
(ii) were approved; 
(iii) submitted security vulnerabilities; 
and 
(iv) received compensation; 
(B) the number and severity of all security 
vulnerabilities reported as part of such pro-
gram; 
(C) the number of previously unidentified 
security vulnerabilities remediated as a re-
sult of such program; 
(D) the current number of outstanding pre-
viously unidentified security vulnerabilities 
and Department remediation plans for such 
outstanding vulnerabilities; 
(E) the average length of time between the 
reporting of security vulnerabilities and re-
mediation of such vulnerabilities; 
(F) the types of compensation provided 
under such program; 
(G) the lessons learned from such program; 
(H) the public accessibility of contact in-
formation for the Department regarding the 
bug bounty program; 
(I) the incorporation of bug bounty pro-
gram identified vulnerabilities into existing 
Department vulnerability prioritization and 
management processes; and 
(J) any challenges in implementing the 
bug bounty program and plans for expansion 
or contraction in the scope of the bug bounty 
program across Department information sys-
tems. 
TITLE LVI—PUBLIC DIPLOMACY 
SEC. 5601. UNITED STATES PARTICIPATION IN 
INTERNATIONAL FAIRS AND EXPO-
SITIONS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Notwithstanding section 
204 of the Admiral James W. Nance and Meg 
Donovan Foreign Relations Authorization 
Act, Fiscal Years 2000 and 2001 (22 U.S.C. 
2452b), 
and 
subject 
to 
subsection 
(b), 
amounts available under title I of the De-
partment of State, Foreign Operations, and 
Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2022 
(division K of Public Law 117–103), or under 
prior such Acts, may be made available to 
pay for expenses related to United States 
participation in international fairs and expo-
sitions abroad, including for construction 
and operation of pavilions or other major ex-
hibits. 
(b) LIMITATION ON SOLICITATION OF FUNDS.— 
Senior employees of the Department, in 
their official capacity, may not solicit funds 
to pay expenses for a United States pavilion 
or other major exhibit at any international 
exposition or world’s fair registered by the 
Bureau of International Expositions. 
(c) AUTHORIZATION
OF
APPROPRIATIONS.— 
There is authorized to be appropriated 
$20,000,000 to the Department for United 
States participation in international fairs 
and expositions abroad, including for con-
struction and operation of pavilions or other 
major exhibits. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:52 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00074
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.052
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 120-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S5015 
September 22, 2022 
SEC. 5602. PRESS FREEDOM CURRICULUM. 
The Secretary shall ensure that there is a 
press freedom curriculum for the National 
Foreign Affairs Training Center that enables 
Foreign Service officers to better understand 
issues of press freedom and the tools that are 
available to help protect journalists and pro-
mote freedom of the press norms, which may 
include— 
(1) the historic and current issues facing 
press freedom, including countries of specific 
concern; 
(2) the Department’s role in promoting 
press freedom as an American value, a 
human rights issue, and a national security 
imperative; 
(3) ways to incorporate press freedom pro-
motion into other aspects of diplomacy; and 
(4) existing tools to assist journalists in 
distress and methods for engaging foreign 
governments and institutions on behalf of in-
dividuals engaged in journalistic activity 
who are at risk of harm. 
SEC. 5603. GLOBAL ENGAGEMENT CENTER. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 1287(j) of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal 
Year 2017 (22 U.S.C. 2656 note) is amended by 
striking ‘‘the date that is 8 years after the 
date of the enactment of this Act’’ and in-
serting ‘‘December 31, 2027’’. 
(b) HIRING AUTHORITY FOR GLOBAL ENGAGE-
MENT CENTER.—Notwithstanding any other 
provision of law, the Secretary, during the 5- 
year period beginning on the date of the en-
actment of this Act and solely to carry out 
the functions of the Global Engagement Cen-
ter described in section 1287(b) of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal 
Year 2017 (22 U.S.C. 2656 note), may— 
(1) appoint employees without regard to 
appointment in the competitive service; and 
(2) fix the basic compensation of such em-
ployees regarding classification and General 
Schedule pay rates. 
SEC. 5604. UNDER SECRETARY FOR PUBLIC DI-
PLOMACY. 
Section 1(b)(3) of the State Department 
Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2651a) 
is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (E), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(F) coordinate the allocation and man-
agement of the financial and human re-
sources for public diplomacy, including for— 
‘‘(i) the Bureau of Educational and Cul-
tural Affairs; 
‘‘(ii) the Bureau of Global Public Affairs; 
‘‘(iii) the Office of Policy, Planning, and 
Resources for Public Diplomacy and Public 
Affairs; 
‘‘(iv) the Global Engagement Center; and 
‘‘(v) the public diplomacy functions within 
the regional and functional bureaus.’’. 
TITLE LVII—OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. 5701. SUPPORTING THE EMPLOYMENT OF 
UNITED STATES CITIZENS BY INTER-
NATIONAL ORGANIZATIONS. 
(a) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the Department should continue to 
eliminate the unreasonable barriers United 
States nationals face to obtain employment 
in the United Nations Secretariat, funds, 
programs, and agencies; and 
(2) the Department should bolster efforts 
to increase the number of qualified United 
States nationals who are candidates for lead-
ership and oversight positions in the United 
Nations system, agencies, and commissions, 
and in other international organizations. 
(b) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary is author-
ized to promote the employment and ad-
vancement of United States citizens by 
international organizations and bodies, in-
cluding by— 
(1) providing stipends, consultation, and 
analytical services to support United States 
citizen applicants; and 
(2) making grants for the purposes de-
scribed in paragraph (1). 
(c) USING DIPLOMATIC PROGRAMS FUNDING 
TO
PROMOTE
THE
EMPLOYMENT
OF
UNITED 
STATES CITIZENS BY INTERNATIONAL ORGANI-
ZATIONS.—Amounts appropriated under the 
heading ‘‘DIPLOMATIC PROGRAMS’’ in any Act 
making appropriations for the Department 
of State, Foreign Operations, and Related 
Programs may be made available for grants, 
programs, and activities described in sub-
section (b). 
(d) STRATEGY
TO ESTABLISH JUNIOR PRO-
FESSIONAL PROGRAM.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 120 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary, in coordination with the Sec-
retary of the Treasury and other relevant 
cabinet members, shall publish a strategy for 
encouraging United States citizens to pursue 
careers with international organizations, 
particularly organizations that— 
(A) set international scientific, technical, 
or commercial standards; or 
(B) are involved in international finance 
and development. 
(2) REPORT TO CONGRESS.—Not later than 90 
days after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Secretary, in coordination with the 
Secretary of the Treasury and other relevant 
cabinet members, shall submit a report to 
the appropriate congressional committees 
that identifies— 
(A) the number of United States citizens 
who are involved in relevant junior profes-
sional programs in an international organi-
zation; 
(B) the distribution of individuals de-
scribed in subparagraph (A) among various 
international organizations; and 
(C) the types of predeployment training 
that are available to United States citizens 
through a junior professional program at an 
international organization. 
SEC. 5702. INCREASING HOUSING AVAILABILITY 
FOR 
CERTAIN 
EMPLOYEES 
AS-
SIGNED TO THE UNITED STATES 
MISSION TO THE UNITED NATIONS. 
Section 9(2) of the United Nations Partici-
pation Act of 1945 (22 U.S.C. 287e–1(2)), is 
amended by striking ‘‘30’’ and inserting ‘‘41’’. 
SEC. 5703. LIMITATION ON UNITED STATES CON-
TRIBUTIONS TO PEACEKEEPING OP-
ERATIONS NOT AUTHORIZED BY THE 
UNITED NATIONS SECURITY COUN-
CIL. 
The United Nations Participation Act of 
1945 (22 U.S.C. 287 et seq.) is amended by add-
ing at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 12. LIMITATION ON UNITED STATES CON-
TRIBUTIONS TO PEACEKEEPING OP-
ERATIONS NOT AUTHORIZED BY THE 
UNITED NATIONS SECURITY COUN-
CIL. 
‘‘None of the funds authorized to be appro-
priated or otherwise made available to pay 
assessed and other expenses of international 
peacekeeping activities under this Act may 
be made available for an international peace-
keeping operation that has not been ex-
pressly authorized by the United Nations Se-
curity Council.’’. 
SEC. 5704. BOARDS OF RADIO FREE EUROPE/ 
RADIO LIBERTY, RADIO FREE ASIA, 
THE MIDDLE EAST BROADCASTING 
NETWORKS, AND THE OPEN TECH-
NOLOGY FUND. 
The United States International Broad-
casting Act of 1994 (22 U.S.C. 6201 et seq.) is 
amended by inserting after section 306 (22 
U.S.C. 6205) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 307. GRANTEE CORPORATE BOARDS OF DI-
RECTORS. 
‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—The corporate board of 
directors of each grantee under this title— 
‘‘(1) shall be bipartisan; 
‘‘(2) shall, except as otherwise provided in 
this Act, have the sole responsibility to oper-
ate their respective grantees within the ju-
risdiction of their respective States of incor-
poration; 
‘‘(3) shall be composed of not fewer than 5 
members, who shall be qualified individuals 
who are not employed in the public sector; 
and 
‘‘(4) shall appoint successors in the event 
of vacancies on their respective boards, in 
accordance with applicable bylaws. 
‘‘(b) NOT
FEDERAL
EMPLOYEES.—No em-
ployee of any grantee under this title may be 
a Federal employee.’’. 
SEC. 5705. BROADCASTING ENTITIES NO LONGER 
REQUIRED TO CONSOLIDATE INTO A 
SINGLE PRIVATE, NONPROFIT COR-
PORATION. 
Section 310 of the United States Inter-
national Broadcasting Act of 1994 (22 U.S.C. 
6209) is repealed. 
SEC. 5706. INTERNATIONAL BROADCASTING AC-
TIVITIES. 
Section 305(a) of the United States Inter-
national Broadcasting Act of 1994 (22 U.S.C. 
6204(a)) is amended— 
(1) by striking paragraph (20); 
(2) by redesignating paragraphs (21), (22), 
and (23) as paragraphs (20), (21), and (22), re-
spectively; and 
(3) in paragraph (20), as redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘or between grantees,’’. 
SEC. 5707. GLOBAL INTERNET FREEDOM. 
(a) STATEMENT OF POLICY.—It is the policy 
of the United States to promote internet 
freedom through programs of the Depart-
ment and USAID that preserve and expand 
the internet as an open, global space for free-
dom of expression and association, which 
shall be prioritized for countries— 
(1) whose governments restrict freedom of 
expression on the internet; and 
(2) that are important to the national in-
terest of the United States. 
(b) PURPOSE AND COORDINATION WITH OTHER 
PROGRAMS.—Global internet freedom pro-
gramming under this section— 
(1) shall be coordinated with other United 
States foreign assistance programs that pro-
mote democracy and support the efforts of 
civil society— 
(A) to counter the development of repres-
sive internet-related laws and regulations, 
including countering threats to internet 
freedom at international organizations; 
(B) to combat violence against bloggers 
and other civil society activists who utilize 
the internet; and 
(C) to enhance digital security training 
and capacity building for democracy activ-
ists; 
(2) shall seek to assist efforts— 
(A) to research key threats to internet 
freedom; 
(B) to continue the development of tech-
nologies that provide or enhance access to 
the internet, including circumvention tools 
that bypass internet blocking, filtering, and 
other censorship techniques used by authori-
tarian governments; and 
(C) to maintain the technological advan-
tage of the Federal Government over the 
censorship techniques described in subpara-
graph (B); and 
(3) shall be incorporated into country as-
sistance and democracy promotion strate-
gies, as appropriate. 
(c) AUTHORIZATION
OF
APPROPRIATIONS.— 
There are authorized to be appropriated for 
fiscal year 2023— 
(1) $75,000,000 to the Department and 
USAID, which shall be used to continue ef-
forts to promote internet freedom globally, 
and shall be matched, to the maximum ex-
tent practicable, by sources other than the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:52 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00075
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.052
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 121-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S5016 
September 22, 2022 
Federal Government, including the private 
sector; and 
(2) $49,000,000 to the United States Agency 
for Global Media (referred to in this section 
as the ‘‘USAGM’’) and its grantees, which 
shall be used for internet freedom and cir-
cumvention technologies that are designed— 
(A) for open-source tools and techniques to 
securely develop and distribute digital con-
tent produced by the USAGM and its grant-
ees; 
(B) to facilitate audience access to such 
digital 
content 
on 
websites 
that 
are 
censored; 
(C) to coordinate the distribution of such 
digital content to targeted regional audi-
ences; and 
(D) to promote and distribute such tools 
and techniques, including digital security 
techniques. 
(d) UNITED
STATES
AGENCY
FOR
GLOBAL 
MEDIA ACTIVITIES.— 
(1) ANNUAL
CERTIFICATION.—For any new 
tools or techniques authorized under sub-
section (c)(2), the Chief Executive Officer of 
the USGAM, in consultation with the Presi-
dent of the Open Technology Fund (referred 
to in this subsection as the ‘‘OTF’’) and rel-
evant Federal departments and agencies, 
shall submit an annual certification to the 
appropriate congressional committees that 
verifies they— 
(A) have evaluated the risks and benefits of 
such new tools or techniques; and 
(B) have established safeguards to mini-
mize the use of such new tools or techniques 
for illicit purposes. 
(2) INFORMATION
SHARING.—The Secretary 
may not direct programs or policy of the 
USAGM or the OTF, but may share any re-
search and development with relevant Fed-
eral departments and agencies for the exclu-
sive purposes of— 
(A) sharing information, technologies, and 
best practices; and 
(B) assessing the effectiveness of such tech-
nologies. 
(3) UNITED
STATES
AGENCY
FOR
GLOBAL 
MEDIA.—The Chief Executive Officer of the 
USAGM, in consultation with the President 
of the OTF, shall— 
(A) coordinate international broadcasting 
programs and incorporate such programs 
into country broadcasting strategies, as ap-
propriate; 
(B) solicit project proposals through an 
open, transparent, and competitive applica-
tion process, including by seeking input from 
technical and subject matter experts; and 
(C) support internet circumvention tools 
and techniques for audiences in countries 
that are strategic priorities for the OTF, in 
accordance with USAGM’s annual language 
service prioritization review. 
(e) USAGM REPORT.—Not later than 120 
days after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Chief Executive Office of the 
USAGM shall submit a report to the appro-
priate congressional committees that de-
scribes— 
(1) as of the date of the report— 
(A) the full scope of internet freedom pro-
grams within the USAGM, including— 
(i) the efforts of the Office of Internet 
Freedom; and 
(ii) the efforts of the Open Technology 
Fund; 
(B) the capacity of internet censorship cir-
cumvention tools supported by the Office of 
Internet Freedom and grantees of the Open 
Technology Fund that are available for use 
by individuals in foreign countries seeking 
to counteract censors; and 
(C) any barriers to the provision of the ef-
forts described in clauses (i) and (ii) of sub-
paragraph (A), including access to surge 
funding; and 
(2) successful examples from the Office of 
Internet Freedom and Open Technology 
Fund involving— 
(A) responding rapidly to internet shut-
downs in closed societies; and 
(B) ensuring uninterrupted circumvention 
services for USAGM entities to promote 
internet freedom within repressive regimes. 
(f) JOINT REPORT.—Not later than 60 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary and the Administrator of 
USAID shall jointly submit a report, which 
may include a classified annex, to the appro-
priate congressional committees that de-
scribes— 
(1) as of the date of the report— 
(A) the full scope of internet freedom pro-
grams within the Department and USAID, 
including— 
(i) Department circumvention efforts; and 
(ii) USAID efforts to support internet in-
frastructure; 
(B) the capacity of internet censorship cir-
cumvention tools supported by the Federal 
Government that are available for use by in-
dividuals in foreign countries seeking to 
counteract censors; and 
(C) any barriers to provision of the efforts 
enumerated in clauses (i) and (ii) of sub-
section (e)(1)(A), including access to surge 
funding; and 
(2) any new resources needed to provide the 
Federal Government with greater capacity 
to provide and boost internet access— 
(A) to respond rapidly to internet shut-
downs in closed societies; and 
(B) to provide internet connectivity to for-
eign locations where the provision of addi-
tional internet access service would promote 
freedom from repressive regimes. 
(g) SECURITY
AUDITS.—Before providing 
any support for open source technologies 
under this section, such technologies must 
undergo comprehensive security audits to 
ensure that such technologies are secure and 
have not been compromised in a manner that 
is detrimental to the interest of the United 
States or to the interests of individuals and 
organizations 
benefitting 
from 
programs 
supported by such funding. 
(h) SURGE.— 
(1) AUTHORIZATION
OF
APPROPRIATIONS.— 
Subject to paragraph (2), there is authorized 
to be appropriated, in addition to amounts 
otherwise made available for such purposes, 
$2,500,000 to support internet freedom pro-
grams in closed societies, including pro-
grams that— 
(A) are carried out in crisis situations by 
vetted entities that are already engaged in 
internet freedom programs; 
(B) involve circumvention tools; or 
(C) increase the overseas bandwidth for 
companies that received Federal funding 
during the previous fiscal year. 
(2) CERTIFICATION.—Amounts authorized to 
be appropriated pursuant to paragraph (1) 
may not be expended until the Secretary has 
certified to the appropriate congressional 
committees, the Committee on Appropria-
tions of the Senate, and the Committee on 
Appropriations of the House of Representa-
tives that the use of such funds is in the na-
tional interest of the United States. 
(i) DEFINED
TERM.—In this section, the 
term ‘‘internet censorship circumvention 
tool’’ means a software application or other 
tool that an individual can use to evade for-
eign government restrictions on internet ac-
cess. 
SEC. 5708. ARMS EXPORT CONTROL ACT ALIGN-
MENT WITH THE EXPORT CONTROL 
REFORM ACT. 
Section 38(e) of the Arms Export Control 
Act (22 U.S.C. 2778(e)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘subsections (c), (d), (e), and 
(g) of section 11 of the Export Administra-
tion Act of 1979, and by subsections (a) and 
(c) of section 12 of such Act’’ and inserting 
‘‘subsections (c) and (d) of section 1760 of the 
Export Control Reform Act of 2018 (50 U.S.C. 
4819), and by subsections (a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), 
(a)(4), (a)(7), (c), and (h) of section 1761 of 
such Act (50 U.S.C. 4820)’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘11(c)(2)(B) of such Act’’ and 
inserting ‘‘1760(c)(2) of such Act (50 U.S.C. 
4819(c)(2))’’; 
(3) by striking ‘‘11(c) of the Export Admin-
istration Act of 1979’’ and inserting ‘‘section 
1760(c) of the Export Control Reform Act of 
2018 (50 U.S.C. 4819(c))’’; and 
(4) by striking ‘‘$500,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘the greater of $1,200,000 or the amount that 
is twice the value of the transaction that is 
the basis of the violation with respect to 
which the penalty is imposed.’’. 
SEC. 5709. INCREASING THE MAXIMUM ANNUAL 
LEASE PAYMENT AVAILABLE WITH-
OUT APPROVAL BY THE SECRETARY. 
Section 10(a) of the Foreign Service Build-
ings Act, 1926 (22 U.S.C. 301(a)), is amended 
by 
striking 
‘‘$50,000’’ 
and 
inserting 
‘‘$100,000’’. 
SEC. 5710. REPORT ON UNITED STATES ACCESS 
TO CRITICAL MINERAL RESOURCES 
ABROAD. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary 
shall submit a report to the appropriate con-
gressional committees that details, with re-
gard to the Department— 
(1) diplomatic efforts to ensure United 
States access to critical minerals acquired 
from outside of the United States that are 
used to manufacture clean energy tech-
nologies; and 
(2) collaboration with other parts of the 
Federal Government to build a robust supply 
chain for critical minerals necessary to man-
ufacture clean energy technologies. 
SEC. 5711. OVERSEAS UNITED STATES STRATEGIC 
INFRASTRUCTURE 
DEVELOPMENT 
PROJECTS. 
(a) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the One Belt, One Road Initiative (re-
ferred to in this section as ‘‘OBOR’’) exploits 
gaps in infrastructure in developing coun-
tries to advance the People’s Republic of 
China’s own foreign policy objectives; 
(2) although OBOR may meet many coun-
tries’ short-term strategic infrastructure 
needs, OBOR— 
(A) frequently places countries in debt to 
the PRC; 
(B) contributes to widespread corruption; 
(C) often fails to maintain the infrastruc-
ture that is built; and 
(D) rarely takes into account human 
rights, labor standards, or the environment; 
and 
(3) the need to challenge OBOR represents 
a major national security concern for the 
United States, as the PRC’s efforts to con-
trol markets and supply chains for strategic 
infrastructure projects, including critical 
and strategic minerals resource extraction, 
represent a grave national security threat. 
(b) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) OBOR.—The term ‘‘OBOR’’ means the 
One Belt, One Road Initiative, a global infra-
structure development strategy initiated by 
the Government of the People’s Republic of 
China in 2013. 
(2) PRC.—The term ‘‘PRC’’ means the Peo-
ple’s Republic of China. 
(c) ASSESSMENT
OF
IMPACT
TO
UNITED 
STATES NATIONAL SECURITY OF PRC INFRA-
STRUCTURE
PROJECTS
IN
THE
DEVELOPING 
WORLD.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary, in coordi-
nation with the Administrator, shall enter 
into a contract with an independent research 
organization to prepare the report described 
in paragraph (2). 
(2) REPORT
ELEMENTS.—The report de-
scribed in this paragraph shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:52 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00076
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.052
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 122-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S5017 
September 22, 2022 
(A) describe the nature and cost of OBOR 
investments, operation, and construction of 
strategic infrastructure projects, including 
logistics, refining, and processing industries 
and resource facilities, and critical and stra-
tegic mineral resource extraction projects, 
including an assessment of— 
(i) the strategic benefits of such invest-
ments that are derived by the PRC and the 
host nation; and 
(ii) the negative impacts of such invest-
ments to the host nation and to United 
States interests; 
(B) describe the nature and total funding of 
United States’ strategic infrastructure in-
vestments and construction, such as projects 
financed through initiatives such as Prosper 
Africa and the Millennium Challenge Cor-
poration; 
(C) assess the national security threats 
posed by the foreign infrastructure invest-
ment gap between China and the United 
States, including strategic infrastructure, 
such as ports, market access to, and the se-
curity of, critical and strategic minerals, 
digital and telecommunications infrastruc-
ture, threats to the supply chains, and gen-
eral favorability towards the PRC and the 
United States among the populations of host 
countries; 
(D) assess the opportunities and challenges 
for companies based in the United States and 
companies based in United States partner 
and allied countries to invest in foreign stra-
tegic infrastructure projects in countries 
where the PRC has focused these types of in-
vestments; 
(E) identify challenges and opportunities 
for the United States Government and 
United States partners and allies to more di-
rectly finance and otherwise support foreign 
strategic infrastructure projects, including 
an assessment of the authorities and capa-
bilities of United States agencies, depart-
ments, 
public-private 
partnerships, 
and 
international or multilateral organizations 
to support such projects without under-
mining United States domestic industries, 
such as domestic mineral deposits; 
(F) include a feasibility study and options 
for United States Government agencies to 
undertake or increase support for United 
States businesses to support foreign, large- 
scale, strategic infrastructure projects, such 
as roads, power grids, and ports; and 
(G) identify at least 5 strategic infrastruc-
ture projects, with one each in the Western 
Hemisphere, Africa, and Asia, that are need-
ed, but have not yet been initiated. 
(3) SUBMISSION
TO
CONGRESS.—Not later 
than 1 year after the date of the enactment 
of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a 
copy of the report prepared pursuant to this 
subsection to the appropriate congressional 
committees. 
SEC. 5712. ENSURING THE INTEGRITY OF COMMU-
NICATIONS COOPERATION. 
(a) DEFINED TERM.—In this section, the 
term ‘‘appropriate congressional commit-
tees’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Foreign Relations of 
the Senate; 
(2) the Select Committee on Intelligence of 
the Senate; 
(3) the Committee on Armed Services of 
the Senate; 
(4) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the 
House of Representatives; 
(5) the Permanent Select Committee on In-
telligence of the House of Representatives; 
and 
(6) the Committee on Armed Services of 
the House of Representatives. 
(b) DETERMINATION.—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, not later than 15 days 
after any Chief of Mission determines that 
communications equipment provided by the 
United States Government to a foreign gov-
ernment has been used for a purpose other 
than the purpose for which the equipment 
was authorized, the Secretary shall submit 
to the appropriate congressional commit-
tees— 
(1) an unclassified notification that indi-
cates that such an incident occurred and the 
country in which it occurred; and 
(2) a classified notification that describes 
the incident concerned, including a descrip-
tion of— 
(A) the Federal department or agency that 
provided the equipment; 
(B) the foreign entity or individual that 
used the equipment for unlawful purposes; 
and 
(C) how the equipment was used in an un-
lawful manner. 
SEC. 5713. CONGRESSIONAL OVERSIGHT, QUAR-
TERLY REVIEW, AND AUTHORITY RE-
LATING 
TO 
CONCURRENCE 
PRO-
VIDED BY CHIEFS OF MISSION FOR 
THE PROVISION OF SUPPORT RE-
LATING 
TO 
CERTAIN 
UNITED 
STATES GOVERNMENT OPERATIONS. 
(a) 
NOTIFICATION
REQUIRED.—Not 
later 
than 30 days after the date on which a Chief 
of Mission provides concurrence for the pro-
vision of United States Government support 
to entities or individuals engaged in facili-
tating or supporting United States Govern-
ment military- or security-related oper-
ations within the area of responsibility of 
the Chief of Mission, the Secretary shall no-
tify the appropriate congressional commit-
tees of the provision of such concurrence. 
(b) SEMIANNUAL REVIEW, DETERMINATION, 
AND BRIEFING REQUIRED.—Not less frequently 
than every 180 days, the Secretary, in order 
to ensure that the support described in sub-
section (a) continues to align with United 
States foreign policy objectives and the ob-
jectives of the Department, shall— 
(1) conduct a review of any concurrence de-
scribed in subsection (a) in effect as of the 
date of the review; 
(2) based on the review, determine whether 
to revoke any such concurrence pending fur-
ther study and review; and 
(3) brief the appropriate congressional 
committees on the results of the review. 
(c) REVOCATION
OF CONCURRENCE.—If the 
Secretary determines to revoke any concur-
rence described in subsection (a) pursuant to 
a review conducted under subsection (b), the 
Secretary may revoke such concurrence. 
(d) ANNUAL REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later 
than January 31 of each year, the Secretary 
shall submit to the appropriate congres-
sional committees a report that includes the 
following: 
(1) A description of any support described 
in subsection (a) that was provided with the 
concurrence of a Chief of Mission during the 
calendar year preceding the calendar year in 
which the report is submitted. 
(2) An analysis of the effects of the support 
described in paragraph (1) on diplomatic 
lines of effort, including with respect to— 
(A) 
Nonproliferation, 
Anti-terrorism, 
Demining, and Related Programs (NADR) 
and 
associated 
Antiterrorism 
Assistance 
(ATA) programs; 
(B) International Narcotics Control and 
Law Enforcement (INCLE) programs; and 
(C) Foreign Military Sales (FMS), Foreign 
Military Financing (FMF), and associated 
training programs. 
SEC. 5714. PROVISION OF PARKING SERVICES 
AND RETENTION OF PARKING FEES. 
The Secretary of State may— 
(1) provide parking services, including elec-
tric vehicle charging and other parking serv-
ices, in facilities operated by or for the De-
partment; and 
(2) charge fees for such services that may 
be deposited into the appropriate account of 
the Department, to remain available until 
expended for the purposes of such account. 
SEC. 5715. DIPLOMATIC RECEPTION AREAS. 
(a) DEFINED TERM.—In this section, the 
term ‘‘reception areas’’ has the meaning 
given such term in section 41(c) of the State 
Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 
U.S.C. 2713(c)). 
(b) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary may sell 
goods and services and use the proceeds of 
such sales for administration and related 
support of the reception areas consistent 
with section 41(a) of the State Department 
Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 
2713(a)). 
(c) AMOUNTS
COLLECTED.—Amounts col-
lected pursuant to the authority provided 
under subsection (b) may be deposited into 
an account in the Treasury, to remain avail-
able until expended. 
SEC. 5716. CONSULAR AND BORDER SECURITY 
PROGRAMS VISA SERVICES COST RE-
COVERY PROPOSAL. 
Section 103 of the Enhanced Border Secu-
rity and Visa Entry Reform Act of 2002 (8 
U.S.C. 1713) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— 
(A) by inserting ‘‘or surcharge’’ after ‘‘ma-
chine-readable visa fee’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘The amount of the machine-readable visa 
fee or surcharge under this subsection may 
also account for the cost of other consular 
services that are not otherwise subject to a 
fee or surcharge retained by the Department 
of State.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (d), by inserting ‘‘or sur-
charges’’ after ‘‘amounts collected as fees’’. 
SEC. 5717. RETURN OF SUPPORTING DOCUMENTS 
FOR 
PASSPORT 
APPLICATIONS 
THROUGH UNITED STATES POSTAL 
SERVICE CERTIFIED MAIL. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary shall establish a procedure 
that provides, to any individual applying for 
a new United States passport or to renew the 
United States passport of the individual by 
mail, the option to have supporting docu-
ments for the application returned to the in-
dividual by the United States Postal Service 
through certified mail. 
(b) COST.— 
(1) RESPONSIBILITY.—The cost of returning 
supporting documents to an individual as de-
scribed in subsection (a) shall be the respon-
sibility of the individual. 
(2) FEE.—The fee charged to the individual 
by the Secretary for returning supporting 
documents as described in subsection (a) 
shall be the sum of— 
(A) the retail price charged by the United 
States Postal Service for the service; and 
(B) the estimated cost of processing the re-
turn of the supporting documents. 
(3) REPORT.—The Secretary shall submit a 
report to the appropriate congressional com-
mittees that— 
(A) details the costs included in the proc-
essing fee described in paragraph (2); and 
(B) includes an estimate of the average 
cost per request. 
SEC. 5718. REPORT ON DISTRIBUTION OF PER-
SONNEL AND RESOURCES RELATED 
TO 
ORDERED 
DEPARTURES 
AND 
POST CLOSURES. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of 
State shall submit a report to the appro-
priate congressional committees that de-
scribes— 
(1) how Department personnel and re-
sources dedicated to Mission Afghanistan 
were reallocated following the closure of dip-
lomatic posts in Afghanistan in August 2021; 
and 
(2) the extent to which Department per-
sonnel and resources for Mission Iraq were 
reallocated following ordered departures for 
diplomatic posts in March 2020, and how such 
resources were reallocated. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:52 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00077
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.052
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 123-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S5018 
September 22, 2022 
SEC. 5719. ELIMINATION OF OBSOLETE REPORTS. 
(a) CERTIFICATION OF EFFECTIVENESS OF THE 
AUSTRALIA GROUP.—Section 2(7) of Senate 
Resolution 75 (105th Congress) is amended by 
striking subparagraph (C). 
(b) ACTIVITIES
OF
THE TALIBAN.—Section 
7044(a)(4) of the Department of State, For-
eign Operations, and Related Programs Ap-
propriations Act, 2021 (division K of Public 
Law 116–260) is amended by striking ‘‘the fol-
lowing purposes—’’ and all that follows 
through ‘‘(B)’’. 
(c) PLANS TO IMPLEMENT THE GANDHI-KING 
SCHOLARLY EXCHANGE INITIATIVE.—The Gan-
dhi-King Scholarly Exchange Initiative Act 
(subtitle D of title III of division FF of Pub-
lic Law 116–260) is amended by striking sec-
tion 336. 
(d) PROGRESS REPORT ON JERUSALEM EM-
BASSY.—The Jerusalem Embassy Act of 1995 
(Public Law 104–45) is amended by striking 
section 6. 
(e) BURMA’S TIMBER TRADE.—The Tom Lan-
tos Block Burmese JADE (Junta’s Anti- 
Democratic Efforts) Act of 2008 (Public Law 
110–286; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note) is amended by 
striking section 12. 
(f) MONITORING OF ASSISTANCE FOR AFGHAN-
ISTAN.—Section 103 of the Afghanistan Free-
dom Support Act of 2002 (22 U.S.C. 7513) is 
amended by striking subsection (d). 
(g) PRESIDENTIAL ANTI-PEDOPHILIA CERTIFI-
CATION.—Section 102 of the Foreign Relations 
Authorization Act, Fiscal Years 1994 and 1995 
(Public Law 103–236) is amended by striking 
subsection (g). 
(h) MICROENTERPRISE
FOR
SELF-RELIANCE 
REPORT.—Title III of the Microenterprise for 
Self-Reliance and International Anti-Corrup-
tion Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–309; 22 U.S.C. 
2462 note) is amended by striking section 304. 
(i) PROMOTING
THE RULE
OF LAW
IN
THE 
RUSSIAN
FEDERATION
TO
SUPPORT
UNITED 
STATES TRADE AND INVESTMENT.—The Sergei 
Magnitsky Rule of Law Accountability Act 
of 2012 (Public Law 112–208), is amended— 
(1) in the table of contents, by amending 
the item relating to section 202 to read as 
follows: 
‘‘Sec. 202. Reporting bribery and corruption 
in the Russian Federation to 
support United States trade and 
investment.’’. 
(2) by amending section 202 to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘SEC. 202. REPORTING BRIBERY AND CORRUP-
TION IN THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION 
TO SUPPORT UNITED STATES TRADE 
AND INVESTMENT. 
‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Com-
merce shall establish and maintain a dedi-
cated phone hotline and secure website, ac-
cessible from within and outside the Russian 
Federation, for the purpose of allowing 
United States entities— 
‘‘(1) to report instances of bribery, at-
tempted bribery, or other forms of corrup-
tion in the Russian Federation that impact 
or potentially impact their operations; and 
‘‘(2) to request the assistance of the United 
States with respect to issues relating to cor-
ruption in the Russian Federation. 
‘‘(b) REPORT REQUIRED.— 
‘‘(1) IN
GENERAL.—Not later than 1 year 
after the effective date under section 102(b) 
of the extension of nondiscriminatory treat-
ment to the products of the Russian Federa-
tion, and annually thereafter, the Secretary 
of Commerce shall submit a report to the 
Committee on Finance of the Senate and the 
Committee on Ways and Means of the House 
of Representatives that includes— 
‘‘(A) the number of instances in which 
bribery, attempted bribery, or other forms of 
corruption have been reported using the hot-
line or website established pursuant to sub-
section (a); 
‘‘(B) a description of the regions in the 
Russian Federation in which such instances 
are alleged to have occurred; 
‘‘(C) a summary of actions taken by the 
United States to provide assistance to 
United States entities pursuant to sub-
section (a)(2); and 
‘‘(D) a description of the efforts taken by 
the Secretary of Commerce to inform United 
States entities conducting business in the 
Russian Federation, or considering con-
ducting business in the Russian Federation, 
of the availability of assistance through the 
hotline and website established pursuant to 
subsection (a). 
‘‘(2) CONFIDENTIALITY.—The Secretary of 
Commerce may not include, in the report re-
quired under paragraph (1), the identity of a 
United States entity that reports instances 
of bribery, attempted bribery, or other forms 
of corruption in the Russian Federation or 
requests assistance pursuant to subsection 
(a).’’. 
SEC. 5720. LOCALITY PAY FOR FEDERAL EMPLOY-
EES WORKING OVERSEAS UNDER 
DOMESTIC 
EMPLOYEE 
TELE-
WORKING OVERSEAS AGREEMENTS. 
(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) CIVIL
SERVICE.—The term ‘‘civil serv-
ice’’ has the meaning given the term in sec-
tion 2101 of title 5, United States Code. 
(2) COVERED
EMPLOYEE.—The term ‘‘cov-
ered employee’’ means an employee who— 
(A) occupies a position in the civil service; 
and 
(B) is working overseas under a Domestic 
Employee Teleworking Overseas agreement. 
(3) LOCALITY
PAY.—The term ‘‘locality 
pay’’ means a locality-based comparability 
payment paid in accordance with subsection 
(b). 
(4) NONFOREIGN AREA.—The term ‘‘nonfor-
eign area’’ has the meaning given the term 
in section 591.205 of title 5, Code of Federal 
Regulations, or any successor regulation. 
(5) OVERSEAS.—The term ‘‘overseas’’ means 
any geographic location that is not in— 
(A) the continental United States; or 
(B) a nonforeign area. 
(b) PAYMENT OF LOCALITY PAY.—Each cov-
ered employee shall be paid locality pay in 
an amount that is equal to the lesser of— 
(1) the amount of a locality-based com-
parability payment that the covered em-
ployee would have been paid under section 
5304 or 5304a of title 5, United States Code, 
had the official duty station of the covered 
employee not been changed to reflect an 
overseas location under the applicable Do-
mestic 
Employee 
Teleworking 
Overseas 
agreement; or 
(2) the amount of a locality-based com-
parability payment that the covered em-
ployee would be paid under section 1113 of 
the Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2009 
(Public Law 111–32), as limited under section 
5803(a)(4)(B) of this Act, if the covered em-
ployee were an eligible member of the For-
eign Service (as defined in subsection (b) of 
such section 1113). 
(c) APPLICATION.—Locality pay paid to a 
covered employee under this section— 
(1) shall begin to be paid not later than 60 
days after the date of the enactment of this 
Act; and 
(2) shall be treated in the same manner, 
and subject to the same terms and condi-
tions, as a locality-based comparability pay-
ment paid under section 5304 or 5304a of title 
5, United States Code. 
(d) 
ANNUITY
COMPUTATION.—Notwith-
standing any other provision of law, for pur-
poses of any annuity computation under 
chapter 83 or 84 of title 5, United States 
Code, the basic pay of a covered employee 
shall— 
(1) be considered to be the rate of basic pay 
that would have been paid to the covered em-
ployee had the official duty station of the 
covered employee not been changed to re-
flect an overseas location under the applica-
ble Domestic Employee Teleworking Over-
seas agreement; and 
(2) include locality pay paid to the covered 
employee under this section. 
SEC. 5721. DEPARTMENT OF STATE DIPLOMACY 
IN RESPONSE TO THE UNITED NA-
TIONS 
INDEPENDENT 
INTER-
NATIONAL COMMISSION OF INQUIRY 
ON ISRAEL. 
(a) STATEMENT OF POLICY.—It is the policy 
of the United States for the Secretary to 
pursue, during the United Nations General 
Assembly and in all future participation in 
United Nations’ fora, with respect to the 
United Nations Independent International 
Commission of Inquiry on the Occupied Pal-
estinian Territory, including East Jeru-
salem, and in Israel (referred to in this sub-
section as the ‘‘Commission’’)— 
(1) the establishment of criteria for the dis-
solution of the Commission, mirroring stand-
ard criteria established in other recent Com-
missions of Inquiry on Syria, Libya, South 
Sudan, and Venezuela; 
(2) the dissolution of the Commission in 
the context of the United States’— 
(A) participation in the United Nations 
General Assembly Third Committee; and 
(B) engagement on the United Nations 
Human Rights Council; 
(3) the determination of an expiration date 
for the Commission that is as soon as pos-
sible; 
(4) continued advocacy in the United Na-
tions General Assembly Fifth Committee to 
limit resources available to the Commission 
commensurate with other recent Commis-
sions of Inquiry; and 
(5) continued advocacy for membership in 
the United Nations Human Rights Council of 
countries that do not pursue antisemitic or 
anti-Israel agendas. 
(b) REPORT.—Not later than 120 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the 
Secretary shall submit a report to the appro-
priate congressional committees describing 
the actions taken by the Department in pur-
suit of the goals set forth in subsection (a). 
SEC. 5722. PROHIBITION ON ENTRY OF OFFICIALS 
OF 
FOREIGN 
GOVERNMENTS 
IN-
VOLVED IN SIGNIFICANT CORRUP-
TION OR GROSS VIOLATIONS OF 
HUMAN RIGHTS. 
(a) INELIGIBILITY.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Any official of a foreign 
government, 
and 
the 
immediate 
family 
members of such an official, about whom the 
Secretary has credible information has been 
involved, directly or indirectly, in signifi-
cant corruption, including corruption related 
to the extraction of natural resources, or a 
gross violation of human rights shall be in-
eligible for entry into the United States. 
(2) DESIGNATION.—The Secretary shall pub-
licly or privately designate or identify each 
official of a foreign government, and the im-
mediate family members of such official, 
about whom the Secretary has such credible 
information related to any act described in 
paragraph (1), without regard to whether the 
official has applied for a visa. 
(b) EXCEPTION.—Subsection (a)(1) shall not 
apply to an individual if the entry of the in-
dividual into the United States would fur-
ther important United States law enforce-
ment objectives or is necessary to permit the 
United States to fulfill its obligations under 
the Agreement regarding the Headquarters 
of the United Nations, signed at Lake Suc-
cess June 26, 1947, and entered into force No-
vember 21, 1947, between the United Nations 
and the United States, or any other applica-
ble international obligations of the United 
States. 
(c) WAIVER.—The Secretary may waive the 
application of subsection (a) if the Secretary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:52 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00078
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.052
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 124-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S5019 
September 22, 2022 
determines that such a waiver would serve a 
compelling national interest or that the cir-
cumstances that caused the individual con-
cerned to be ineligible for entry or admission 
to the United States pursuant to subsection 
(a)(1) or to be designated pursuant to sub-
section (a)(2) have changed sufficiently. 
(d) REPORT.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—Not later than 30 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
and every 90 days thereafter, the Secretary 
shall submit to the appropriate congres-
sional committees, the Committee on Appro-
priations of the Senate, and the Committee 
on Appropriations of the House of Represent-
atives a report that, for the reporting pe-
riod— 
(A) includes the information related to cor-
ruption or violation of human rights con-
cerning each individual found to be ineligible 
for entry into the United States under sub-
section (a)(1); 
(B) identifies— 
(i) each individual whom the Secretary 
designated or identified pursuant to sub-
section (a)(2); and 
(ii) each individual who would have been so 
ineligible but for the application of sub-
section (b); and 
(C) includes a list of waivers provided 
under subsection (c) and a justification for 
each waiver. 
(2) FORM.—Each report required by para-
graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified 
form but may include a classified annex. 
(3) PUBLIC
AVAILABILITY.—The Secretary 
shall make available to the public on a pub-
licly accessible internet website of the De-
partment of State the unclassified portion of 
each report required by paragraph (1). 
(e) REFERRAL FOR FINANCIAL SANCTIONS.— 
Following the application of subsection (a), 
the Secretary should, as appropriate, refer to 
the Secretary of the Treasury, through the 
Office of Foreign Assets Control, a list of 
persons who have been designated pursuant 
to subsection (a)(2) and related supporting 
information for review for the imposition of 
sanctions, in accordance with United States 
law, to block the transfer of property and in-
terests in property, and all financial trans-
actions, in the United States involving any 
person described in subsection (a). 
(f) CLARIFICATION.—For purposes of sub-
sections (a) and (d), the records of the De-
partment and of diplomatic and consular of-
fices of the United States pertaining to the 
issuance or refusal of visas or permits to 
enter the United States shall not be consid-
ered confidential. 
SEC. 5723. MODIFICATIONS TO SANCTIONS WITH 
RESPECT TO HUMAN RIGHTS VIOLA-
TIONS. 
(a) SENSE OF CONGRESS.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—The Global Magnitsky 
Human Rights Accountability Act (22 U.S.C. 
10101 et seq.) is amended by inserting after 
section 1262 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1262A. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
‘‘It is the sense of Congress that the Presi-
dent should establish and regularize informa-
tion sharing and sanctions-related decision 
making with like-minded governments pos-
sessing human rights and anti-corruption 
sanctions programs similar in nature to 
those authorized under this subtitle.’’. 
(2) CLERICAL
AMENDMENT.—The table of 
contents in section 2(b) and in title XII of di-
vision A of the National Defense Authoriza-
tion Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 
114–328) are each amended by inserting after 
the items relating to section 1262 the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘Sec. 1262A. Sense of Congress.’’. 
(b) IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—Section 1263(a) of the 
Global Magnitsky Human Rights Account-
ability Act (22 U.S.C. 10102) is amended by 
striking paragraphs (2) through (4) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(2) is a current or former government offi-
cial, or a person acting for or on behalf of 
such an official, who is responsible for or 
complicit in, or has directly or indirectly en-
gaged in— 
‘‘(A) corruption, including— 
‘‘(i) the misappropriation of state assets; 
‘‘(ii) the expropriation of private assets for 
personal gain; 
‘‘(iii) corruption related to government 
contracts or the extraction of natural re-
sources; or 
‘‘(iv) bribery; or 
‘‘(B) the transfer or facilitation of the 
transfer of the proceeds of corruption; 
‘‘(3) is or has been a leader or official of— 
‘‘(A) an entity, including a government en-
tity, that has engaged in, or whose members 
have engaged in, any of the activities de-
scribed in paragraph (1) or (2) related to the 
tenure of the leader or official; or 
‘‘(B) an entity whose property and inter-
ests in property are blocked pursuant to this 
section as a result of activities related to the 
tenure of the leader or official; 
‘‘(4) has materially assisted, sponsored, or 
provided financial, material, or techno-
logical support for, or goods or services to or 
in support of— 
‘‘(A) an activity described in paragraph (1) 
or (2) that is conducted by a foreign person; 
‘‘(B) a person whose property and interests 
in property are blocked pursuant to this sec-
tion; or 
‘‘(C) an entity, including a government en-
tity, that has engaged in, or whose members 
have engaged in, an activity described in 
paragraph (1) or (2) conducted by a foreign 
person; or 
‘‘(5) is owned or controlled by, or has acted 
or been purported to act for or on behalf of, 
directly or indirectly, a person whose prop-
erty and interests in property are blocked 
pursuant to this section.’’. 
(2) CONSIDERATION
OF
CERTAIN
INFORMA-
TION.—Subsection (c)(2) of such section is 
amended by inserting ‘‘corruption and’’ after 
‘‘monitor’’. 
(3) REQUESTS
BY
CONGRESS.—Subsection 
(d)(2) of such section is amended to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(2) REQUIREMENTS.—A request under para-
graph (1) with respect to whether a foreign 
person has engaged in an activity described 
in subsection (a) shall be submitted to the 
President in writing jointly by the chair-
person and ranking member of one of the ap-
propriate congressional committees.’’. 
(c) REPORTS TO CONGRESS.—Section 1264(a) 
of the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Ac-
countability Act (22 U.S.C. 10103(a)) is 
amended— 
(1) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and 
inserting a semicolon; 
(2) in paragraph (6), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(7) a description of additional steps taken 
by the President through diplomacy, inter-
national engagement, and assistance to for-
eign or security sectors to address persistent 
underlying causes of conduct giving rise to 
the imposition of sanctions under this sec-
tion, as amended on or after the date of the 
enactment of this paragraph, in each coun-
try in which foreign persons with respect to 
which such sanctions have been imposed are 
located; and 
‘‘(8) a description of additional steps taken 
by the President to ensure the pursuit of ju-
dicial accountability in appropriate jurisdic-
tions with respect to foreign persons subject 
to sanctions under this section.’’. 
SEC. 5724. REPORT OF SHOOTING OF PALES-
TINIAN-AMERICAN JOURNALIST IN 
JENIN. 
Not later than 14 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall 
submit to the appropriate congressional 
committees a complete copy, in classified or 
unclassified format, as appropriate, of the re-
port overseen by the United States Security 
Coordinator for Israel and the Palestinian 
Authority regarding the circumstances sur-
rounding the shooting of Shireen Abu Akleh 
in Jenin on May 11, 2022. 
SEC. 5725. REPORT ON COUNTERING THE ACTIVI-
TIES OF MALIGN ACTORS. 
(a) REPORT.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the 
Secretary, in consultation with the Sec-
retary of the Treasury and the Adminis-
trator, shall submit a report to the appro-
priate congressional committees regarding 
United States diplomatic efforts in Africa in 
achieving United States policy goals and 
countering the activities of malign actors. 
(2) ELEMENTS.—The report required under 
paragraph (1) shall include— 
(A) case studies from Mali, Sudan, the Cen-
tral African Republic, the Democratic Re-
public of the Congo, and South Sudan, with 
the goal of assessing the effectiveness of dip-
lomatic tools during the 5-year period ending 
on the date of the enactment of this Act; and 
(B) an assessment of— 
(i) the extent and effectiveness of certain 
diplomatic tools to advance United States 
priorities in the respective case study coun-
tries, including— 
(I) in-country diplomatic presence; 
(II) humanitarian and development assist-
ance; 
(III) support for increased 2-way trade and 
investment; 
(IV) United States security assistance; 
(V) public diplomacy; and 
(VI) accountability measures, including 
sanctions; 
(ii) whether the use of the diplomatic tools 
described in clause (i) achieved the diplo-
matic ends for which they were intended; 
and 
(iii) the means by which the Russian Fed-
eration and the People’s Republic of China 
exploited any openings for diplomatic en-
gagement in the case study countries. 
(b) FORM.—The report required under sub-
section (b) shall be submitted in classified 
form. 
(c) CLASSIFIED
BRIEFING
REQUIRED.—Not 
later than 1 year after the date of the enact-
ment of this Act, the Secretary and the Ad-
ministrator shall jointly brief Congress re-
garding the report required under subsection 
(b). 
SEC. 5726. LIMITATION ON WITHDRAWAL FROM 
NORTH ATLANTIC TREATY. 
(a) OPPOSITION
OF CONGRESS
TO SUSPEN-
SION, TERMINATION, DENUNCIATION, OR WITH-
DRAWAL
FROM
NORTH
ATLANTIC
TREATY.— 
The President shall not suspend, terminate, 
denounce, or withdraw the United States 
from the North Atlantic Treaty, done at 
Washington, DC, April 4, 1949, except by and 
with the advice and consent of the Senate, 
provided that two-thirds of the Senators 
present concur, or pursuant to an Act of Con-
gress. 
(b) LIMITATION ON THE USE OF FUNDS.—No 
funds authorized or appropriated by any Act 
may be used to support, directly or indi-
rectly, any efforts on the part of any United 
States Government official to take steps to 
suspend, terminate, denounce, or withdraw 
the United States from the North Atlantic 
Treaty, done at Washington, DC, April 4, 
1949, until such time as both the Senate and 
the House of Representatives pass, by an af-
firmative vote of two-thirds of Members, a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:52 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00079
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.052
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 125-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S5020 
September 22, 2022 
joint resolution approving the withdrawal of 
the United States from the treaty or pursu-
ant to an Act of Congress. 
(c) NOTIFICATION OF TREATY ACTION.— 
(1) CONSULTATION.—Prior to the notifica-
tion described in paragraph (2), the President 
shall consult with the appropriate congres-
sional committees in relation to any effort 
to suspend, terminate, denounce, or with-
draw the United States from the North At-
lantic Treaty. 
(2) NOTIFICATION.—The President shall no-
tify the appropriate congressional commit-
tees in writing of any effort to suspend, ter-
minate, denounce, or withdraw the United 
States from the North Atlantic Treaty, as 
soon as possible, but in no event later than 
180 days before taking such action. 
(d) AUTHORIZATION
OF LEGAL COUNSEL
TO 
REPRESENT
CONGRESS.—Both 
the 
Senate 
Legal Counsel and the General Counsel to 
the House of Representatives are authorized 
to independently or collectively represent 
Congress in initiating or intervening in any 
judicial proceedings in any Federal court of 
competent jurisdiction on behalf of Congress 
in order to oppose any effort to suspend, ter-
minate, denounce, or withdraw the United 
States from the North Atlantic Treaty in a 
manner inconsistent with this section. 
(e) REPORTING
REQUIREMENT.—Any legal 
counsel operating pursuant to subsection (d) 
shall report as soon as practicable to the ap-
propriate congressional committees with re-
spect to any judicial proceedings which the 
Senate Legal Counsel or the General Counsel 
to the House of Representatives, as the case 
may be, initiates or in which it intervenes 
pursuant to subsection (d). 
(f) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in this 
section shall be construed to authorize, 
imply, or otherwise indicate that the Presi-
dent may suspend, terminate, denounce, or 
withdraw from any treaty to which the Sen-
ate has provided its advice and consent with-
out the advice and consent of the Senate to 
such act or pursuant to an Act of Congress. 
(g) SEVERABILITY.—If any provision of this 
section or the application of such provision 
is held by a Federal court to be unconstitu-
tional, the remainder of this section and the 
application of the provisions of such to any 
person or circumstance shall not be affected 
thereby. 
(h) DEFINITIONS.—In this section, the terms 
‘‘withdrawal’’, 
‘‘denunciation’’, 
‘‘suspen-
sion’’, and ‘‘termination’’ have the meaning 
given such terms in the Vienna Convention 
on the Law of Treaties, concluded at Vienna 
May 23, 1969. 
SEC. 
5727. 
ENHANCING 
TRANSPARENCY 
ON 
INTERNATIONAL AGREEMENTS AND 
NON-BINDING INSTRUMENTS. 
(a) SECTION 112B OF TITLE 1, UNITED STATES 
CODE.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—Section 112b of title 1, 
United States Code, is amended to read as 
follows: 
‘‘§ 112b. United States international agree-
ments and non-binding instruments; trans-
parency provisions 
‘‘(a)(1) Not less frequently than once each 
month, the Secretary shall provide in writ-
ing to the appropriate congressional com-
mittees the following: 
‘‘(A)(i) A list of all international agree-
ments approved for negotiation by the Sec-
retary or another Department of State offi-
cer at the Assistant Secretary level or high-
er and a list of all qualifying non-binding in-
struments 
described 
in 
subsection 
(l)(6)(A)(ii)(II) approved for negotiation by 
the appropriate department or agency during 
the prior month, or, in the event an inter-
national agreement or qualifying non-bind-
ing instrument is not included in the lists re-
quired by this clause, a certification cor-
responding to the international agreement 
or qualifying non-binding instrument as au-
thorized under paragraph (5)(A). 
‘‘(ii) A description of the intended subject 
matter and parties to or participants for 
each international agreement and qualifying 
non-binding instrument listed pursuant to 
clause (i). 
‘‘(B)(i) A list of all international agree-
ments and qualifying non-binding instru-
ments signed, concluded, or otherwise final-
ized during the prior month. 
‘‘(ii) The text of all international agree-
ments and qualifying non-binding instru-
ments described in clause (i). 
‘‘(iii) A detailed description of the legal au-
thority that, in the view of the Secretary, 
provides authorization for each international 
agreement and that, in the view of the ap-
propriate department or agency, provides au-
thorization for each qualifying non-binding 
instrument provided under clause (ii) to be-
come operative. If multiple authorities are 
relied upon in relation to an international 
agreement, the Secretary shall cite all such 
authorities, and if multiple authorities are 
relied upon in relation to a qualifying non- 
binding instrument, the appropriate depart-
ment or agency shall cite all such authori-
ties. All citations to the Constitution of the 
United States, a treaty, or a statute shall in-
clude the specific article or section and sub-
section reference whenever available and, if 
not available, shall be as specific as possible. 
If the authority relied upon is or includes ar-
ticle II of the Constitution of the United 
States, the Secretary or appropriate depart-
ment or agency shall explain the basis for 
that reliance. 
‘‘(C)(i) A list of all international agree-
ments that entered into force and qualifying 
non-binding instruments that became opera-
tive for the United States or an agency of 
the United States during the prior month. 
‘‘(ii) The text of all international agree-
ments and qualifying non-binding instru-
ments described in clause (i) if such text dif-
fers from the text of the agreement or in-
strument previously provided pursuant to 
subparagraph (B)(ii). 
‘‘(iii) A statement describing any new or 
amended statutory or regulatory authority 
anticipated to be required to fully imple-
ment each proposed international agreement 
and qualifying non-binding instrument in-
cluded in the list described in clause (i). 
‘‘(2) Not less frequently than once every 
three months, the Secretary shall provide in 
writing to the appropriate congressional 
committees the following: 
‘‘(A) A list of all qualifying non-binding in-
struments 
described 
in 
subsection 
(l)(6)(A)(ii)(I) approved for negotiation by the 
appropriate department or agency during the 
prior three months, or, in the event a quali-
fying non-binding instrument is not included 
in the list required by this subparagraph, a 
certification corresponding to the qualifying 
non-binding instrument as authorized under 
paragraph (5)(A). 
‘‘(B) A description of the intended subject 
matter and participants for each qualifying 
non-binding instrument listed pursuant to 
subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(3) The information and text required by 
paragraphs (1) and (2) shall be submitted in 
unclassified form, but may include a classi-
fied annex. 
‘‘(4) In the case of a general authorization 
issued for the negotiation or conclusion of a 
series of international agreements of the 
same general type, the requirements of para-
graph (1)(A) may be satisfied by the provi-
sion in writing of— 
‘‘(A) a single notification containing all 
the 
information 
required 
by 
paragraph 
(1)(A); and 
‘‘(B) a list, to the extent described in such 
general authorization, of the countries or en-
tities with which such agreements are con-
templated. 
‘‘(5)(A) The Secretary may, on a case-by- 
case basis, waive the requirements of para-
graph (1)(A) or (2)(A) with respect to a spe-
cific international agreement or qualifying 
non-binding instrument, as applicable, for 
renewable periods of up to 180 days if the 
Secretary certifies in writing to the appro-
priate congressional committees that— 
‘‘(i) exercising the waiver authority is vital 
to the negotiation of a particular inter-
national agreement or qualifying non-bind-
ing instrument; and 
‘‘(ii) the international agreement or quali-
fying non-binding instrument would signifi-
cantly and materially advance the foreign 
policy or national security interests of the 
United States. 
‘‘(B) The Secretary shall brief the Majority 
Leader and the Minority Leader of the Sen-
ate, the Speaker and the Minority Leader of 
the House of Representatives, and the Chairs 
and Ranking Members of the appropriate 
congressional committees on the scope and 
status of the negotiation that is the subject 
of the waiver under subparagraph (A)— 
‘‘(i) not later than 90 days after the date on 
which the Secretary exercises the waiver; 
and 
‘‘(ii) once every 180 days during the period 
in which a renewed waiver is in effect. 
‘‘(C) The certification required by subpara-
graph (A) may be provided in classified form. 
‘‘(D) The Secretary shall not delegate the 
waiver authority or certification require-
ments under subparagraph (A). The Sec-
retary shall not delegate the briefing re-
quirements under subparagraph (B) to any 
person other than the Deputy Secretary. 
‘‘(b)(1) Not later than 120 days after the 
date on which an international agreement 
enters into force, the Secretary shall make 
the text of the agreement, and the informa-
tion described in subparagraphs (B)(iii) and 
(C)(iii) of subsection (a)(1) relating to the 
agreement, available to the public on the 
website of the Department of State. 
‘‘(2) Not less frequently than once every 120 
days, the Secretary shall make the text of 
each qualifying non-binding instrument that 
became operative during the preceding 120 
days, and the information described in sub-
paragraphs (B)(iii) and (C)(iii) of subsection 
(a)(1) relating to each such instrument, 
available to the public on the website of the 
Department of State. 
‘‘(3) The requirements under paragraphs (1) 
and (2) shall not apply to the following cat-
egories of international agreements or quali-
fying non-binding instruments, or to infor-
mation described in subparagraphs (B)(iii) 
and (C)(iii) of subsection (a)(1) relating to 
such agreements or qualifying non-binding 
instruments: 
‘‘(A) International agreements and quali-
fying non-binding instruments that contain 
information that has been given a national 
security classification pursuant to Executive 
Order 13526 (50 U.S.C. 3161 note; relating to 
classified national security information) or 
any predecessor or successor order, or that 
contain any information that is otherwise 
exempt from public disclosure pursuant to 
United States law. 
‘‘(B) International agreements and quali-
fying non-binding instruments that address 
specified military operations, military exer-
cises, acquisition and cross servicing, logis-
tics support, military personnel exchange or 
education programs, or the provision of 
health care to military personnel on a recip-
rocal basis. 
‘‘(C) International agreements and quali-
fying non-binding instruments that establish 
the terms of grant or other similar assist-
ance, including in-kind assistance, financed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:52 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00080
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.052
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 126-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S5021 
September 22, 2022 
with foreign assistance funds pursuant to the 
Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2151 
et seq.) or the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 
1691 et seq.). 
‘‘(D) International agreements and quali-
fying 
non-binding 
instruments, 
such 
as 
project annexes and other similar instru-
ments, for which the principal function is to 
establish technical details for the implemen-
tation of a specific project undertaken pur-
suant to another agreement or qualifying 
non-binding instrument that has been pub-
lished in accordance with paragraph (1) or 
(2). 
‘‘(E) International agreements and quali-
fying non-binding instruments that have 
been separately published by a depositary or 
other similar administrative body, except 
that the Secretary shall make the informa-
tion described in subparagraphs (B)(iii) and 
(C)(iii) of subsection (a)(1), relating to such 
agreements or qualifying non-binding instru-
ments, available to the public on the website 
of the Department of State within the time-
frames required by paragraph (1) or (2). 
‘‘(c) For any international agreement or 
qualifying non-binding instrument for which 
an implementing agreement or arrangement, 
or any document of similar purpose or func-
tion to the aforementioned regardless of the 
title of the document, is not otherwise re-
quired to be submitted to the appropriate 
congressional committees under subpara-
graphs (B)(ii) or (C)(ii) of subsection (a)(1), 
not later than 30 days after the date on 
which the Secretary receives a written com-
munication from the Chair or Ranking Mem-
ber of either of the appropriate congressional 
committees requesting the text of any such 
implementing agreements or arrangements, 
whether binding or non-binding, the Sec-
retary 
shall 
submit 
such 
implementing 
agreements or arrangements to the appro-
priate congressional committees. 
‘‘(d) Any department or agency of the 
United States Government that enters into 
any international agreement or qualifying 
non-binding instrument on behalf of itself or 
the United States shall— 
‘‘(1) notify the Secretary of the approval 
for negotiation of a qualifying non-binding 
instrument within 15 days of such approval; 
‘‘(2) provide to the Secretary the text of 
each international agreement not later than 
15 days after the date on which such agree-
ment is signed or otherwise concluded; 
‘‘(3) provide to the Secretary the text of 
each qualifying non-binding instrument not 
later than 15 days after the date on which 
such instrument is concluded or otherwise 
becomes finalized; 
‘‘(4) provide to the Secretary a detailed de-
scription of the legal authority that provides 
authorization for each qualifying non-bind-
ing instrument to become operative not later 
than 15 days after such instrument is signed 
or otherwise becomes finalized; and 
‘‘(5) on an ongoing basis, provide any im-
plementing material to the Secretary for 
transmittal to the appropriate congressional 
committees as needed to satisfy the require-
ments described in subsection (c). 
‘‘(e)(1) Each department or agency of the 
United States Government that enters into 
any international agreement or qualifying 
non-binding instrument on behalf of itself or 
the United States shall designate a Chief 
International 
Agreements 
Officer, 
who 
shall— 
‘‘(A) be selected from among employees of 
such department or agency; 
‘‘(B) serve concurrently as the Chief Inter-
national Agreements Officer; and 
‘‘(C) subject to the authority of the head of 
such 
department 
or 
agency, 
have 
department- or agency-wide responsibility 
for efficient and appropriate compliance 
with this section. 
‘‘(2) There shall be a Chief International 
Agreements Officer who serves at the De-
partment of State with the title of Inter-
national Agreements Compliance Officer. 
‘‘(f) The substance of oral international 
agreements and qualifying non-binding in-
struments shall be reduced to writing for the 
purpose of meeting the requirements of sub-
sections (a) and (b). 
‘‘(g) Notwithstanding any other provision 
of law, an international agreement may not 
be signed or otherwise concluded on behalf of 
the United States without prior consultation 
with the Secretary. Such consultation may 
encompass a class of agreements rather than 
a particular agreement. 
‘‘(h)(1) If the Secretary is aware or has rea-
son to believe that the requirements of sub-
section (a)(1), (a)(2), (b), or (c) have not been 
fulfilled with respect to an international 
agreement or qualifying non-binding instru-
ment, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) immediately bring the matter to the 
attention of the office or agency responsible 
for the agreement or qualifying non-binding 
instrument; and 
‘‘(B) request the office or agency to provide 
within 7 days the information necessary to 
fulfill the requirements of the relevant sub-
section. 
‘‘(2) Upon receiving the information re-
quested pursuant to paragraph (1), the Sec-
retary shall— 
‘‘(A) fulfill the requirements of subsection 
(a), (b), or (c), as the case may be, with re-
spect to the agreement or qualifying non- 
binding instrument concerned— 
‘‘(i) by including such information in the 
next submission required by subsection 
(a)(1); 
‘‘(ii) by providing such information in writ-
ing to the appropriate congressional com-
mittees before provision of the submission 
described in clause (i); or 
‘‘(iii) in relation to subsection (b), by mak-
ing the text of the agreement or qualifying 
non-binding instrument and the information 
described 
in 
subparagraphs 
(B)(iii) 
and 
(C)(iii) of subsection (a)(1) relating to the 
agreement or instrument available to the 
public on the website of the Department of 
State within 15 days; and 
‘‘(B) provide to the appropriate congres-
sional committees, either in the next sub-
mission required by subsection (a)(1) or be-
fore such submission, a written statement 
explaining the reason for the delay in ful-
filling the requirements of subsection (a), 
(b), or (c), as the case may be. 
‘‘(3) Notwithstanding any other provision 
of law, if the requirements of subsection (a) 
have not been fulfilled with respect to an 
international agreement within 45 days of 
the date on which the Secretary made a re-
quest to an office or agency as described in 
paragraph (1)(B), no amounts appropriated to 
the Department of State under any law shall 
be available for obligation or expenditure to 
implement or to support the implementation 
of (including through the use of personnel or 
resources subject to the authority of a chief 
of mission) that particular international 
agreement, other than to facilitate compli-
ance with this section, until the Secretary 
satisfies the substantive requirements in 
subsection (a) with respect to that particular 
international agreement. 
‘‘(i)(1) Not later than 3 years after the date 
of the enactment of this section, and not less 
frequently than once every 3 years thereafter 
during the 9-year period beginning on the 
date of the enactment of this section, the 
Comptroller General of the United States 
shall conduct an audit of the compliance of 
the Secretary with the requirements of this 
section. 
‘‘(2) In any instance in which a failure by 
the Secretary to comply with such require-
ments is determined by the Comptroller Gen-
eral to have been due to the failure or refusal 
of another agency to provide information or 
material to the Department of State, or the 
failure to do so in a timely manner, the 
Comptroller General shall engage such other 
agency to determine— 
‘‘(A) the cause and scope of such failure or 
refusal; 
‘‘(B) the specific office or offices respon-
sible for such failure or refusal; and 
‘‘(C) recommendations for measures to en-
sure compliance with statutory require-
ments. 
‘‘(3) The Comptroller General shall submit 
to the appropriate congressional committees 
in writing the results of each audit required 
by paragraph (1). 
‘‘(4) The Comptroller General and the Sec-
retary shall make the results of each audit 
required by paragraph (1) publicly available 
on the websites of the Government Account-
ability Office and the Department of State, 
respectively. 
‘‘(j) The President shall, through the Sec-
retary, promulgate such rules and regula-
tions as may be necessary to carry out this 
section. 
‘‘(k) It is the sense of Congress that the ex-
ecutive branch should not prescribe or other-
wise commit to or include specific legislative 
text in a treaty, executive agreement, or 
non-binding instrument unless Congress has 
authorized such action. 
‘‘(l) In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘appropriate congressional 
committees’ means— 
‘‘(A) the Committee on Foreign Relations 
of the Senate; and 
‘‘(B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of 
the House of Representatives. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘appropriate department or 
agency’ means the department or agency of 
the United States Government that nego-
tiates and enters into a qualifying non-bind-
ing instrument on behalf of itself or the 
United States. 
‘‘(3) The term ‘Deputy Secretary’ means 
the Deputy Secretary of State. 
‘‘(4) The term ‘intelligence community’ 
has the meaning given that term in section 
3(4) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 
U.S.C. 3003(4)). 
‘‘(5) The term ‘international agreement’ in-
cludes— 
‘‘(A) any treaty that requires the advice 
and consent of the Senate, pursuant to arti-
cle II of the Constitution of the United 
States; and 
‘‘(B) any other international agreement to 
which the United States is a party and that 
is not subject to the advice and consent of 
the Senate. 
‘‘(6) The term ‘qualifying non-binding in-
strument’— 
‘‘(A) except as provided in subparagraph 
(B), means a non-binding instrument that— 
‘‘(i) is or will be under negotiation, is 
signed or otherwise becomes operative, or is 
implemented with one or more foreign gov-
ernments, international organizations, or 
foreign entities, including non-state actors; 
and 
‘‘(ii)(I) could reasonably be expected to 
have a significant impact on the foreign pol-
icy of the United States; or 
‘‘(II) is the subject of a written commu-
nication from the Chair or Ranking Member 
of either of the appropriate congressional 
committees to the Secretary; and 
‘‘(B) does not include any non-binding in-
strument that is signed or otherwise be-
comes operative or is implemented pursuant 
to the authorities relied upon by the Depart-
ment of Defense, the Armed Forces of the 
United States, or any element of the intel-
ligence community. 
‘‘(7) The term ‘Secretary’ means the Sec-
retary of State. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:52 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00081
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.052
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 127-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S5022 
September 22, 2022 
‘‘(8)(A) The term ‘text’ with respect to an 
international agreement or qualifying non- 
binding instrument includes— 
‘‘(i) any annex, appendix, codicil, side 
agreement, side letter, or any document of 
similar purpose or function to the aforemen-
tioned, regardless of the title of the docu-
ment, that is entered into contempora-
neously and in conjunction with the inter-
national agreement or qualifying non-bind-
ing instrument; and 
‘‘(ii) any implementing agreement or ar-
rangement, or any document of similar pur-
pose or function to the aforementioned re-
gardless of the title of the document, that is 
entered into contemporaneously and in con-
junction with the international agreement 
or qualifying non-binding instrument. 
‘‘(B) As used in subparagraph (A), the term 
‘contemporaneously 
and 
in 
conjunction 
with’— 
‘‘(i) shall be construed liberally; and 
‘‘(ii) may not be interpreted to require any 
action to have occurred simultaneously or 
on the same day. 
‘‘(m) Nothing in this section may be con-
strued to authorize the withholding from dis-
closure to the public of any record if such 
disclosure is required by law.’’. 
(2) CLERICAL
AMENDMENT.—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 2 of title 
1, United States Code, is amended by strik-
ing the item relating to section 112b and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘112b. United States international agree-
ments and non-binding instru-
ments; 
transparency 
provi-
sions.’’. 
(3) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMENDMENT 
RELATING TO AUTHORITIES OF THE SECRETARY 
OF STATE.—Section 317(h)(2) of the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 195c(h)(2)) is 
amended by striking ‘‘Section 112b(c)’’ and 
inserting ‘‘Section 112b(g)’’. 
(4) MECHANISM FOR REPORTING.—Not later 
than 270 days after the date of the enactment 
of this Act, the Secretary shall establish a 
mechanism for personnel of the Department 
who become aware or who have reason to be-
lieve that the requirements under section 
112b of title 1, United States Code, as amend-
ed by paragraph (1), have not been fulfilled 
with respect to an international agreement 
or qualifying non-binding instrument (as 
such terms are defined in such section) to re-
port such instances to the Secretary. 
(5) RULES
AND
REGULATIONS.—Not later 
than 180 days after the date of the enactment 
of this Act, the President, through the Sec-
retary, shall promulgate such rules and regu-
lations as may be necessary to carry out sec-
tion 112b of title 1, United States Code, as 
amended by paragraph (1). 
(6) CONSULTATION
AND
BRIEFING
REQUIRE-
MENT.— 
(A) CONSULTATION.—The Secretary shall 
consult with the appropriate congressional 
committees on matters related to the imple-
mentation of this section and the amend-
ments made by this section before and after 
the effective date described in subsection (c). 
(B) BRIEFING.—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, and 
once every 90 days thereafter for 1 year, the 
Secretary shall brief the appropriate con-
gressional committees regarding the status 
of efforts to implement this section and the 
amendments made by this section. 
(7) AUTHORIZATION
OF
APPROPRIATIONS.— 
There is authorized to be appropriated to the 
Department $1,000,000 for each of the fiscal 
years 2023 through 2027 for purposes of imple-
menting the requirements of section 112b of 
title 1, United States Code, as amended by 
paragraph (1). 
(b) SECTION 112A OF TITLE 1, UNITED STATES 
CODE.—Section 112a of title 1, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking subsections (b), (c), and (d); 
and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(b) Copies of international agreements 
and qualifying non-binding instruments in 
the possession of the Department of State, 
but not published, other than the agree-
ments described in section 112b(b)(3)(A), 
shall be made available by the Department 
of State upon request.’’. 
(c) EFFECTIVE DATE OF AMENDMENTS.—The 
amendments made by this section shall take 
effect on the date that is 270 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act. 
TITLE LVIII—EXTENSION OF 
AUTHORITIES 
SEC. 5801. CONSULTING SERVICES. 
Any consulting services through procure-
ment contracts shall be limited to contracts 
in which such expenditures are a matter of 
public record and available for public inspec-
tion, except where otherwise provided under 
existing law, or under existing Executive or-
ders issued pursuant to existing law. 
SEC. 5802. DIPLOMATIC FACILITIES. 
For the purposes of calculating the costs of 
providing new United States diplomatic fa-
cilities in any fiscal year, in accordance with 
section 604(e) of the Secure Embassy Con-
struction and Counterterrorism Act of 1999 
(22 U.S.C. 4865 note), the Secretary of State, 
in consultation with the Director of the Of-
fice of Management and Budget, shall deter-
mine the annual program level and agency 
shares for such fiscal year in a manner that 
is proportional to the contribution of the De-
partment of State for this purpose. 
SEC. 5803. EXTENSION OF EXISTING AUTHORI-
TIES. 
(a) EXTENSION OF AUTHORITIES.— 
(1) PASSPORT FEES.—Section 1(b)(2) of the 
Passport Act of June 4, 1920 (22 U.S.C. 
214(b)(2)) shall be applied by striking ‘‘Sep-
tember 30, 2010’’ and inserting ‘‘September 
30, 2024’’. 
(2) INCENTIVES
FOR
CRITICAL
POSTS.—The 
authority contained in section 1115(d) of the 
Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2009 (Pub-
lic Law 111–32) shall remain in effect through 
‘‘September 30, 2024’’. 
(3) USAID CIVIL SERVICE ANNUITANT WAIV-
ER.—Section 625(j)(1)(B) of the Foreign As-
sistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2385(j)(1)(B)) 
shall be applied by striking ‘‘October 1, 2010’’ 
and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2024’’. 
(4) OVERSEAS PAY COMPARABILITY AND LIMI-
TATION.— 
(A) IN
GENERAL.—The authority provided 
by section 1113 of the Supplemental Appro-
priations Act, 2009 (Public Law 111–32) shall 
remain in effect through September 30, 2024. 
(B) LIMITATION.—The authority described 
in subparagraph (A) may not be used to pay 
an eligible member of the Foreign Service 
(as defined in section 1113(b) of the Supple-
mental Appropriations Act, 2009 (Public Law 
111–32)) a locality-based comparability pay-
ment (stated as a percentage) that exceeds 
two-thirds of the amount of the locality- 
based comparability payment (stated as a 
percentage) that would be payable to such 
member under section 5304 of title 5, United 
States Code, if such member’s official duty 
station were in the District of Columbia. 
(5) INSPECTOR
GENERAL
ANNUITANT
WAIV-
ER.—The authorities provided in section 
1015(b) of the Supplemental Appropriations 
Act, 2010 (Public Law 111–212)— 
(A) shall remain in effect through Sep-
tember 30, 2024; and 
(B) may be used to facilitate the assign-
ment of persons for oversight of programs in 
Somalia, South Sudan, Syria, Venezuela, and 
Yemen. 
(6) ACCOUNTABILITY
REVIEW
BOARDS.—The 
authority provided under section 301(a)(3) of 
the 
Omnibus 
Diplomatic 
Security 
and 
Antiterrorism 
Act 
of 
1986 
(22 
U.S.C. 
4831(a)(3)) shall remain in effect for facilities 
in Afghanistan and shall apply to facilities 
in Ukraine through September 30, 2024, ex-
cept that the notification and reporting re-
quirements contained in such section shall 
include the appropriate congressional com-
mittees, the Committee on Appropriations of 
the Senate, and the Committee on Appro-
priations of the House of Representatives. 
(7) DEPARTMENT OF STATE INSPECTOR GEN-
ERAL
WAIVER
AUTHORITY.—The 
Inspector 
General of the Department may waive the 
provisions of subsections (a) through (d) of 
section 824 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 
(22 U.S.C. 4064), on a case-by-case basis, for 
an annuitant reemployed by the Inspector 
General on a temporary basis, subject to the 
same constraints and in the same manner by 
which the Secretary of State may exercise 
such waiver authority pursuant to sub-
section (g) of such section. 
(b) EXTENSION
OF PROCUREMENT AUTHOR-
ITY.—Section 7077 of the Department of 
State, Foreign Operations, and Related Pro-
grams Appropriations Act, 2012 (division I of 
Public Law 112–74) shall continue in effect 
until September 30, 2024. 
SEC. 5804. WAR RESERVES STOCKPILE AND MILI-
TARY TRAINING REPORT. 
(a) EXTENSION OF WAR RESERVES STOCKPILE 
AUTHORITY.—Section 12001(d) of the Depart-
ment of Defense Appropriations Act, 2005 
(Public Law 108–287; 118 Stat. 1011) is amend-
ed by striking ‘‘of this section’’ and all that 
follows through the period at the end and in-
serting ‘‘of this section after September 30, 
2024.’’. 
(b) ANNUAL
FOREIGN
MILITARY
TRAINING 
REPORT.—For the purposes of implementing 
section 656 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 
1961, the term ‘‘military training provided to 
foreign military personnel by the Depart-
ment of Defense and the Department of 
State’’ shall be deemed to include all mili-
tary training provided by foreign govern-
ments with funds appropriated to the De-
partment of Defense or the Department of 
State, except for training provided by the 
government of a country designated under 
section 517(b) of such Act (22 U.S.C. 2321k(b)) 
as a major non-North Atlantic Treaty Orga-
nization ally. Such third-country training 
shall be clearly identified in the report sub-
mitted pursuant to such section 656. 
TITLE LIX—GLOBAL CORRUPTION AND 
RESPECT 
SEC. 5901. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Combating 
Global Corruption Act of 2022’’. 
SEC. 5902. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: 
(1) CORRUPT
ACTOR.—The term ‘‘corrupt 
actor’’ means— 
(A) any foreign person or entity that is a 
government official or government entity re-
sponsible for, or complicit in, an act of cor-
ruption; and 
(B) any company, in which a person or en-
tity described in subparagraph (A) has a sig-
nificant stake, which is responsible for, or 
complicit in, an act of corruption. 
(2) CORRUPTION.—The term ‘‘corruption’’ 
means the unlawful exercise of entrusted 
public power for private gain, including by 
bribery, nepotism, fraud, or embezzlement. 
(3) SIGNIFICANT
CORRUPTION.—The term 
‘‘significant corruption’’ means corruption 
committed at a high level of government 
that has some or all of the following charac-
teristics: 
(A) Illegitimately distorts major decision- 
making, such as policy or resource deter-
minations, or other fundamental functions of 
governance. 
(B) 
Involves 
economically 
or 
socially 
large-scale government activities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:52 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00082
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.052
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 128-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S5023 
September 22, 2022 
SEC. 5903. PUBLICATION OF TIERED RANKING 
LIST. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall annu-
ally 
publish, 
on 
a 
publicly 
accessible 
website, a tiered ranking of all foreign coun-
tries. 
(b) TIER 1 COUNTRIES.—A country shall be 
ranked as a tier 1 country in the ranking 
published under subsection (a) if the govern-
ment of such country is complying with the 
minimum standards set forth in section 5904. 
(c) TIER 2 COUNTRIES.—A country shall be 
ranked as a tier 2 country in the ranking 
published under subsection (a) if the govern-
ment of such country is making efforts to 
comply with the minimum standards set 
forth in section 5904, but is not achieving the 
requisite level of compliance to be ranked as 
a tier 1 country. 
(d) TIER 3 COUNTRIES.—A country shall be 
ranked as a tier 3 country in the ranking 
published under subsection (a) if the govern-
ment of such country is making de minimis 
or no efforts to comply with the minimum 
standards set forth in section 5904. 
SEC. 5904. MINIMUM STANDARDS FOR THE ELIMI-
NATION OF CORRUPTION AND AS-
SESSMENT OF EFFORTS TO COMBAT 
CORRUPTION. 
(a) IN
GENERAL.—The government of a 
country is complying with the minimum 
standards for the elimination of corruption if 
the government— 
(1) has enacted and implemented laws and 
established government structures, policies, 
and practices that prohibit corruption, in-
cluding significant corruption; 
(2) enforces the laws described in para-
graph (1) by punishing any person who is 
found, through a fair judicial process, to 
have violated such laws; 
(3) prescribes punishment for significant 
corruption that is commensurate with the 
punishment prescribed for serious crimes; 
and 
(4) is making serious and sustained efforts 
to address corruption, including through pre-
vention. 
(b) FACTORS
FOR ASSESSING GOVERNMENT 
EFFORTS TO COMBAT CORRUPTION.—In deter-
mining whether a government is making se-
rious and sustained efforts to address corrup-
tion, the Secretary of State shall consider, 
to the extent relevant or appropriate, factors 
such as— 
(1) whether the government of the country 
has criminalized corruption, investigates and 
prosecutes acts of corruption, and convicts 
and sentences persons responsible for such 
acts over which it has jurisdiction, includ-
ing, as appropriate, incarcerating individuals 
convicted of such acts; 
(2) whether the government of the country 
vigorously 
investigates, 
prosecutes, 
con-
victs, and sentences public officials who par-
ticipate in or facilitate corruption, including 
nationals of the country who are deployed in 
foreign military assignments, trade delega-
tions abroad, or other similar missions, who 
engage in or facilitate significant corrup-
tion; 
(3) whether the government of the country 
has adopted measures to prevent corruption, 
such as measures to inform and educate the 
public, including potential victims, about 
the causes and consequences of corruption; 
(4) what steps the government of the coun-
try has taken to prohibit government offi-
cials from participating in, facilitating, or 
condoning corruption, including the inves-
tigation, prosecution, and conviction of such 
officials; 
(5) the extent to which the country pro-
vides access, or, as appropriate, makes ade-
quate resources available, to civil society or-
ganizations and other institutions to combat 
corruption, 
including 
reporting, 
inves-
tigating, and monitoring; 
(6) whether an independent judiciary or ju-
dicial body in the country is responsible for, 
and effectively capable of, deciding corrup-
tion cases impartially, on the basis of facts 
and in accordance with the law, without any 
improper restrictions, influences, induce-
ments, pressures, threats, or interferences 
(direct or indirect); 
(7) whether the government of the country 
is assisting in international investigations of 
transnational corruption networks and in 
other cooperative efforts to combat signifi-
cant corruption, including, as appropriate, 
cooperating with the governments of other 
countries to extradite corrupt actors; 
(8) whether the government of the country 
recognizes the rights of victims of corrup-
tion, ensures their access to justice, and 
takes steps to prevent victims from being 
further victimized or persecuted by corrupt 
actors, government officials, or others; 
(9) whether the government of the country 
protects victims of corruption or whistle-
blowers from reprisal due to such persons 
having assisted in exposing corruption, and 
refrains from other discriminatory treat-
ment of such persons; 
(10) whether the government of the coun-
try is willing and able to recover and, as ap-
propriate, return the proceeds of corruption; 
(11) whether the government of the coun-
try is taking steps to implement financial 
transparency measures in line with the Fi-
nancial Action Task Force recommenda-
tions, including due diligence and beneficial 
ownership transparency requirements; 
(12) whether the government of the coun-
try is facilitating corruption in other coun-
tries in connection with state-directed in-
vestment, loans or grants for major infra-
structure, or other initiatives; and 
(13) such other information relating to cor-
ruption as the Secretary of State considers 
appropriate. 
(c) ASSESSING
GOVERNMENT
EFFORTS
TO 
COMBAT CORRUPTION
IN RELATION
TO REL-
EVANT INTERNATIONAL COMMITMENTS.—In de-
termining whether a government is making 
serious and sustained efforts to address cor-
ruption, the Secretary shall consider the 
government of a country’s compliance with 
the following, as relevant: 
(1) The Inter-American Convention against 
Corruption of the Organization of American 
States, done at Caracas March 29, 1996. 
(2) The Convention on Combating Bribery 
of Foreign Public Officials in International 
Business Transactions of the Organisation of 
Economic Co-operation and Development, 
done at Paris December 21, 1997 (commonly 
referred to as the ‘‘Anti-Bribery Conven-
tion’’). 
(3) The United Nations Convention against 
Transnational Organized Crime, done at New 
York November 15, 2000. 
(4) The United Nations Convention against 
Corruption, done at New York October 31, 
2003. 
(5) Such other treaties, agreements, and 
international standards as the Secretary of 
State considers appropriate. 
SEC. 5905. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS UNDER 
GLOBAL 
MAGNITSKY 
HUMAN 
RIGHTS ACCOUNTABILITY ACT. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary, in coordi-
nation with the Secretary of the Treasury, 
should evaluate whether there are foreign 
persons engaged in significant corruption for 
the purposes of potential imposition of sanc-
tions under the Global Magnitsky Human 
Rights Accountability Act (subtitle F of 
title XII of Public Law 114–328; 22 U.S.C. 2656 
note)— 
(1) in all countries identified as tier 3 coun-
tries under section 5903; or 
(2) in relation to the planning or construc-
tion or any operation of the Nord Stream 2 
pipeline. 
(b) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than 180 
days after publishing the list required under 
section 5903(a) and annually thereafter, the 
Secretary shall submit to the committees 
specified in subsection (f) a report that in-
cludes— 
(1) a list of foreign persons with respect to 
which the President imposed sanctions pur-
suant to the evaluation under subsection (a); 
(2) the dates on which such sanctions were 
imposed; 
(3) the reasons for imposing such sanc-
tions; and 
(4) a list of all foreign persons found to 
have been engaged in significant corruption 
in relation to the planning, construction, or 
operation of the Nord Stream 2 pipeline. 
(c) FORM OF REPORT.—Each report required 
under subsection (b) shall be submitted in 
unclassified form but may include a classi-
fied annex. 
(d) BRIEFING IN LIEU OF REPORT.—The Sec-
retary, in coordination with the Secretary of 
the Treasury, may (except with respect to 
the list required under subsection (b)(4)) pro-
vide a briefing to the committees specified in 
subsection (f) instead of submitting a writ-
ten report required under subsection (b), if 
doing so would better serve existing United 
States anti-corruption efforts or the na-
tional interests of the Untied States. 
(e) TERMINATION OF REQUIREMENTS RELAT-
ING
TO NORD STREAM 2.—The requirements 
under subsections (a)(2) and (b)(4) shall ter-
minate on the date that is 5 years after the 
date of the enactment of this Act. 
(f) COMMITTEES SPECIFIED.—The commit-
tees specified in this subsection are— 
(1) the Committee on Foreign Relations of 
the Senate; 
(2) the Committee on Appropriations of the 
Senate; 
(3) the Committee on Banking, Housing, 
and Urban Affairs of the Senate; 
(4) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
Senate; 
(5) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the 
House of Representatives; 
(6) the Committee on Appropriations of the 
House of Representatives; 
(7) the Committee on Financial Services of 
the House of Representatives; and 
(8) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
House of Representatives. 
SEC. 5906. DESIGNATION OF EMBASSY ANTI-COR-
RUPTION POINTS OF CONTACT. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall annu-
ally designate an anti-corruption point of 
contact at the United States diplomatic post 
to each country identified as tier 2 or tier 3 
under section 5903, or which the Secretary 
otherwise determines is in need of such a 
point of contact. The point of contact shall 
be the chief of mission or the chief of mis-
sion’s designee. 
(b) RESPONSIBILITIES.—Each anti-corrup-
tion point of contact designated under sub-
section (a) shall be responsible for enhancing 
coordination and promoting the implementa-
tion of a whole-of-government approach 
among the relevant Federal departments and 
agencies undertaking efforts to— 
(1) promote good governance in foreign 
countries; and 
(2) enhance the ability of such countries— 
(A) to combat public corruption; and 
(B) to develop and implement corruption 
risk assessment tools and mitigation strate-
gies. 
(c) TRAINING.—The Secretary shall imple-
ment appropriate training for anti-corrup-
tion points of contact designated under sub-
section (a). 
SA 5621. Mr. BRAUN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:52 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00083
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.052
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE
---

 -Page 129-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S5024 
September 22, 2022 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IX, add the 
following: 
SEC. 906. REPORT ON REASSIGNMENT OF RE-
SPONSIBILITIES 
PREVIOUSLY 
AS-
SIGNED TO CHIEF MANAGEMENT OF-
FICER. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Deputy Secretary 
of Defense shall submit to the congressional 
defense committees a report on the imple-
mentation plan for and progress made to-
ward reassignment of the responsibilities 
previously assigned to the Chief Manage-
ment Officer of the Department of Defense 
abolished by section 901 of the William M. 
(Mac) Thornberry National Defense Author-
ization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (Public Law 
116–283; 134 Stat. 3794). 
SA 5622. Mr. BRAUN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title II, insert 
the following: 
SEC. lll. STUDY ON RESEARCH PROGRAMS OF 
THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) STUDY REQUIRED.—The Secretary of De-
fense shall conduct a study on the research 
programs of the Department of Defense. 
(b) ELEMENTS.—The study required by sub-
section (a) shall include the following: 
(1) Identification of all research programs 
of the Department. 
(2) Identification of which programs identi-
fied under paragraph (1) are duplicates of 
each other and which programs are dupli-
cates of programs of other Federal agencies. 
(3) For each program of the Department 
identified under paragraph (2) that is a dupli-
cate of another program of the Department 
but is carried out by a different military de-
partment or Defense Agency, identification 
of which military department or Defense 
Agency is the most appropriate entity to 
carry out the program. 
SA 5623. Mr. BRAUN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 10ll. SENSE OF SENATE REGARDING REC-
OGNIZING NATIONAL DEBT AS A 
THREAT TO NATIONAL SECURITY. 
(a) FINDINGS.—Congress finds that— 
(1) in September 2020, the total public debt 
outstanding of the United States was more 
than $26,000,000,000,000, resulting in a total 
interest expense of more than $371,000,000,000 
for fiscal year 2020; 
(2) in September 2019, the total public debt 
as a percentage of gross domestic product 
was about 100 percent; 
(3) leaders of the Congressional Budget Of-
fice and the Government Accountability Of-
fice have testified that— 
(A) the growth of the public debt is 
unsustainable; and 
(B) Congress must undertake extensive fis-
cal consolidation to combat that growth; 
(4) the last Federal budget surplus oc-
curred in 2001; 
(5) in fiscal year 2020, Federal tax receipts 
totaled $3,420,000,000,000, but Federal outlays 
totaled $6,652,000,000,000, leaving the Federal 
Government 
with 
a 
1-year 
deficit 
of 
$3,132,000,000,000; 
(6) since the last Federal budget surplus 
occurred in 2001, Congress— 
(A) has failed to maintain a fiscally re-
sponsible budget; and 
(B) has had to raise the debt ceiling repeat-
edly; 
(7) the Medicare Board of Trustees projects 
that the Medicare Hospital Insurance Trust 
Fund will be depleted in 2026; 
(8) the Social Security and Medicare 
Boards of Trustees project that the Dis-
ability Insurance and the Federal Old-Age 
and Survivors Insurance Trust Funds will be 
depleted in 2026 and 2031, respectively; 
(9) heavy indebtedness increases the expo-
sure of the Federal Government to interest 
rate risks; 
(10) the credit rating of the United States 
was reduced by Standard and Poor’s from 
AAA to AA+ on August 5, 2011, and has re-
mained at that level ever since; 
(11) without a targeted effort to balance 
the Federal budget, the credit rating of the 
United States will continue to fall; 
(12) improvements in the business climate 
in populous countries, and aging populations 
around the world, will likely contribute to 
higher global interest rates; 
(13) more than $7,000,000,000,000 of Federal 
debt is owned by individuals not located in 
the United States, including more than 
$1,000,000,000,000 of which is owned by individ-
uals in China; 
(14) China and the European Union are de-
veloping alternative payment systems to 
weaken the dominant position of the United 
States dollar as a reserve currency; 
(15) rapidly increasing interest rates will 
squeeze all policy priorities of the United 
States, including defense policy and foreign 
policy priorities; 
(16) the National Security Strategy of the 
United States, as of the date of enactment of 
this Act, highlights the need to reduce the 
national debt through fiscal responsibility; 
(17) on April 12, 2018, former Secretary of 
Defense James Mattis warned that ‘‘any Na-
tion that can’t keep its fiscal house in order 
eventually cannot maintain its military 
power’’; 
(18) on March 6, 2018, former Director of 
National Intelligence Dan Coats warned: 
‘‘Our 
continued 
plunge 
into 
debt 
is 
unsustainable and represents a dire future 
threat to our economy and to our national 
security’’; 
(19) on November 15, 2017, former Secre-
taries of Defense Leon Panetta, Ash Carter, 
and Chuck Hagel warned: ‘‘Increase in the 
debt will, in the absence of a comprehensive 
budget that addresses both entitlements and 
revenues, force even deeper reductions in our 
national security capabilities’’; and 
(20) on September 22, 2011, former Chair-
man of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Michael 
Mullen warned: ‘‘I believe the single, biggest 
threat to our national security is debt’’. 
(b) SENSE OF THE SENATE.—It is the sense 
of the Senate that— 
(1) the national debt is a threat to the na-
tional security of the United States; 
(2) 
persistent, 
structural 
deficits 
are 
unsustainable, irresponsible, and dangerous; 
and 
(3) the looming fiscal crisis faced by the 
United States must be addressed. 
SA 5624. Mr. BRAUN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title V, insert 
the following: 
SEC. lll. SHARING OF INFORMATION REGARD-
ING 
SAFETY 
INVESTIGATIONS 
OF 
THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) SUBMITTAL
OF
INFORMATION
TO
CON-
GRESS.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense 
shall— 
(A) upon request of a member of Congress 
for information regarding a safety investiga-
tion conducted by the Department of De-
fense, not later than 30 days after the date 
on which the Secretary receives the request, 
submit to the member of Congress the infor-
mation requested; and 
(B) not later than 30 days after the date of 
the completion of an investigation with re-
spect to which the Secretary submitted in-
formation under subparagraph (A) to a mem-
ber of Congress, submit to the member up-
dated information with respect to the inves-
tigation. 
(2) REDACTION.—The Secretary of Defense 
may not redact any information submitted 
under paragraph (1). 
(3) FORM.—Information submitted under 
paragraph (1) may be submitted in classified 
form as the Secretary determines necessary 
to protect national security and the inves-
tigatory process. 
(b) SHARING OF INFORMATION AMONG MILI-
TARY DEPARTMENTS.—For each safety inves-
tigation conducted by the Department of De-
fense that involves equipment used by more 
than one military department, the Secretary 
of Defense shall, not later than 30 days after 
the date of the completion of the safety in-
vestigation, ensure that information regard-
ing the investigation is transmitted to the 
Secretary of each military department that 
uses such equipment. 
SA 5625. Mr. LANKFORD submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed 
to amendment SA 5499 submitted by 
Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) 
and intended to be proposed to the bill 
H.R. 7900, to authorize appropriations 
for fiscal year 2023 for military activi-
ties of the Department of Defense, for 
military construction, and for defense 
activities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:52 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00084
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.049
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 130-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S5025 
September 22, 2022 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 
730. 
REQUIREMENTS 
OF 
CONTRACTOR 
UNDER PHARMACY BENEFITS PRO-
GRAM. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense 
shall ensure that all pharmacies that were 
considered in-network under the pharmacy 
benefits program under section 1074g of title 
10, United States Code, under the contract 
that immediately preceded the contract by 
the Secretary with Express Scripts under 
such program in effect as of the date of the 
enactment of this Act are considered in-net-
work pharmacies under such contract with 
Express Scripts on and after the date of the 
enactment of this Act. 
(b) PREVIOUS AGREEMENTS.—The Secretary 
shall ensure that, in carrying out their con-
tract under the pharmacy benefits program 
under section 1074g of title 10, United States 
Code, Express Scripts honors all agreements 
made with pharmacies under the contract 
that immediately preceded the contract by 
the Secretary with Express Scripts under 
such program and the terms of any such 
agreement. 
SA 5626. Mr. LANKFORD submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed 
to amendment SA 5499 submitted by 
Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) 
and intended to be proposed to the bill 
H.R. 7900, to authorize appropriations 
for fiscal year 2023 for military activi-
ties of the Department of Defense, for 
military construction, and for defense 
activities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 730. LIMITATION ON USE OF PHARMACIES 
UNDER PHARMACY BENEFITS PRO-
GRAM. 
The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that 
any entity with which the Secretary has en-
tered into a contract to carry out the phar-
macy benefits program under section 1074g of 
title 10, United States Code, does not exclu-
sively use the private network of pharmacies 
of the entity, or pharmacies with which the 
entity is affiliated, as the base for the net-
work of pharmacies used by the entity under 
such contract. 
SA 5627. Mr. BROWN (for himself and 
Mr. INHOFE) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment 
SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED (for 
himself and Mr. INHOFE) and intended 
to be proposed to the bill H.R. 7900, to 
authorize appropriations for fiscal year 
2023 for military activities of the De-
partment of Defense, for military con-
struction, and for defense activities of 
the Department of Energy, to prescribe 
military personnel strengths for such 
fiscal year, and for other purposes; 
which was ordered to lie on the table; 
as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll. LAW ENFORCEMENT TRAINING FOR 
MENTAL 
HEALTH 
CRISIS 
GRANT 
PROGRAM. 
(a) FINDINGS; PURPOSE.— 
(1) FINDINGS.—Congress finds the following: 
(A) Law enforcement and corrections offi-
cers routinely respond to emergencies in-
volving individuals suffering from a mental 
health crisis. 
(B) Recent statistics have shown that as 
many as— 
(i) 1 in every 10 calls for police response in-
volve a person suffering from a mental ill-
ness; 
(ii) 1 in every 4 people killed by police suf-
fer from a mental health problem; and 
(iii) 1 in 3 people transported to a hospital 
emergency room for psychiatric reasons are 
taken by the police. 
(C) Law enforcement response calls to indi-
viduals suffering from substance use disorder 
have increased during the current opioid epi-
demic. 
(D) There is a need to ensure that law en-
forcement officers have access to proper evi-
dence-based training in responding to mental 
health crises. 
(E) Proper training for response to individ-
uals suffering from a mental health crisis 
can better protect the safety of the general 
public and law enforcement officers. 
(F) Law enforcement and corrections offi-
cers in the United States can better serve 
their communities if the officers receive 
training to effectively and safely resolve the 
mental health crises. 
(2) PURPOSE.—The purpose of this section 
is to provide grants to State, local, and Trib-
al law enforcement agencies and corrections 
agencies to obtain behavioral health crisis 
response training for law enforcement offi-
cers and corrections officers to— 
(A) better train law enforcement officers 
and corrections officers to resolve behavioral 
health crisis situations; 
(B) reduce the number of law enforcement 
officers and corrections officers killed or in-
jured while responding to a behavioral 
health crisis; and 
(C) reduce the number of individuals killed 
or injured during a behavioral health crisis 
in which a law enforcement officer or correc-
tions officer responds. 
(b) LAW ENFORCEMENT TRAINING FOR MEN-
TAL HEALTH CRISIS GRANT PROGRAM.— 
(1) RESERVATION OF FUNDS.—Section 506 of 
title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and 
Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10157) is 
amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) Of the total amount made available to 
carry out this subpart for a fiscal year, the 
Attorney General may reserve not more than 
$10,000,000 to carry out the program under 
section 509.’’. 
(2) LAW ENFORCEMENT TRAINING FOR MENTAL 
HEALTH CRISIS GRANT PROGRAM.—Subpart 1 of 
part E of title I of the Omnibus Crime Con-
trol and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 
10151 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘SEC. 509. LAW ENFORCEMENT TRAINING FOR 
MENTAL 
HEALTH 
CRISIS 
GRANT 
PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) GRANTS AUTHORIZED.—Subject to the 
availability of appropriations, the Attorney 
General is authorized to award grants to ap-
plicants for— 
‘‘(1) law enforcement officers or correc-
tions officers to receive training from a pro-
gram; and 
‘‘(2) the cost of transportation and lodging 
associated with law enforcement officers or 
corrections officers attending such program. 
‘‘(b) PROGRAM STANDARDS.—The Attorney 
General shall establish and publish qualifica-
tion standards for organizations that provide 
programs. 
‘‘(c) APPLICATIONS.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—The head of an applicant 
shall submit to the Attorney General an ap-
plication that— 
‘‘(A) shall include— 
‘‘(i) a statement describing the program 
the law enforcement officers or corrections 
officers will complete; 
‘‘(ii) the total number of law enforcement 
officers or corrections officers in the agency; 
‘‘(iii) the number of law enforcement offi-
cers or corrections officers of the agency 
that have been killed, or seriously injured 
while responding to a behavioral health cri-
sis during the 5-year-period preceding the 
date of the application; and 
‘‘(iv) whether the law enforcement officers 
or corrections officers employed by the agen-
cy receive any behavioral health crisis re-
sponse training, including during basic offi-
cer training; and 
‘‘(B) in addition to the information re-
quired under subparagraph (A), may, at the 
option of the applicant, include information 
relating to— 
‘‘(i) recent incidents involving officers of 
the agency during which behavioral health 
crisis response training could have played a 
role in protecting the safety of— 
‘‘(I) the law enforcement officer or the pub-
lic, including the persons or persons the law 
enforcement officers encountered; or 
‘‘(II) the corrections officer or inmates at 
the correctional facility; and 
‘‘(ii) estimated cost of attendance of a pro-
gram per officer. 
‘‘(d) RESTRICTIONS.— 
‘‘(1) SUPPLEMENTAL
FUNDS.—Grant funds 
shall be used to supplement, and not sup-
plant, State, local, and Tribal funds made 
available to any applicant for any of the pur-
poses described in subsection (a). 
‘‘(2) 
ADMINISTRATIVE
COSTS.—Not 
more 
than 3 percent of any grant made under this 
section may be used for administrative costs. 
‘‘(e) REPORTS AND RECORDS.— 
‘‘(1) REPORTS.—For each year during which 
grant funds are used, the recipient shall sub-
mit to the Attorney General a report con-
taining— 
‘‘(A) a summary of any activity carried out 
using grant funds; 
‘‘(B) the number of officers that received 
training using grant funds; and 
‘‘(C) any other information relevant to the 
purpose of this Act that the Attorney Gen-
eral may determine appropriate. 
‘‘(2) RECORDS.—For the purpose of an audit 
by the Attorney General of the receipt and 
use of grant funds, a recipient shall— 
‘‘(A) keep— 
‘‘(i) any record relating to the receipt and 
use of grant funds; and 
‘‘(ii) any other record as the Attorney Gen-
eral may require; and 
‘‘(B) make the records described in sub-
paragraph (A) available to the Attorney Gen-
eral upon request by the Attorney General. 
‘‘(f) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
‘‘(1) 
APPLICANT.—The 
term 
‘applicant’ 
means a law enforcement agency or correc-
tions agency that applies for a grant under 
this section. 
‘‘(2) ATTORNEY GENERAL.—The term ‘Attor-
ney General’ means the Attorney General, 
acting through the Assistant Attorney Gen-
eral for the Office of Justice Programs. 
‘‘(3) GRANT FUNDS.—The term ‘grant funds’ 
means funds from a grant awarded under this 
section. 
‘‘(4) LAW ENFORCEMENT AGENCY.—The term 
‘law enforcement agency’ means an agency 
of a State or unit of local government that 
is authorized by law or by a government 
agency to engage in or supervise the preven-
tion, detection, investigation, or prosecution 
of any violation of criminal law. 
‘‘(5) PROGRAM.—The term ‘program’ means 
a program or class that— 
‘‘(A) provides instructional training to law 
enforcement officers or corrections officers 
for response to a behavioral health crisis, in-
cluding response to people suspected to be 
under the influence of a drug or psychoactive 
substance, and response to circumstances in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:52 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00085
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.049
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 131-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S5026 
September 22, 2022 
which a person is suspected to be suicidal or 
suffering from a mental illness; 
‘‘(B) includes training on techniques and 
strategies designed to protect— 
‘‘(i) the health and safety of law enforce-
ment officers and the public, including the 
person or persons a law enforcement officer 
encounters during a behavioral health crisis 
response; or 
‘‘(ii) the health and safety of corrections 
officers and inmates at the correctional fa-
cility, including the inmate a corrections of-
ficer encounters during a behavioral health 
crisis response, or in the normal course of 
business of interactions with the inmate; and 
‘‘(C) is developed in conjunction with 
healthcare professionals to provide crisis 
intervention training focused on under-
standing mental and behavioral health, de-
veloping empathy, navigating community 
resources, de-escalation skills, and practical 
application training for officers. 
‘‘(6) 
RECIPIENT.—The 
term 
‘recipient’ 
means an applicant that receives a grant 
under this section.’’. 
SA 5628. Mr. CARDIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XXVIII, 
add the following: 
SEC. 2868. CONSTRUCTION OF FIRE HOUSE AT 
WALTER REED NATIONAL MILITARY 
MEDICAL CENTER. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense 
shall construct a new fire house at Walter 
Reed National Military Medical Center as 
part of the Phase 5 Military Construction 
Program of the Department of Defense. 
(b) COMPLETION.—The Secretary shall com-
plete the construction required under sub-
section (a) not later than five years after the 
date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 5629. Mr. CARDIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XXVIII, 
add the following: 
SEC. 2868. MOVEMENT OR CONSOLIDATION OF 
JOINT SPECTRUM CENTER TO FORT 
MEADE, MARYLAND OR ANOTHER 
APPROPRIATE LOCATION. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than September 
30, 2023, the Secretary of Defense shall take 
appropriate action to move, consolidate, or 
both, the offices of the Joint Spectrum Cen-
ter of the Department of Defense to the 
headquarters building of the Defense Infor-
mation Systems Agency at Fort Meade, 
Maryland, or another appropriate location 
chosen by the Secretary for national secu-
rity purposes to ensure the physical and cy-
bersecurity protection of personnel and mis-
sions of the Department. 
(b) AUTHORIZATION OF MILITARY CONSTRUC-
TION.—Any facility, road, or infrastructure 
constructed or altered on a military installa-
tion as a result of the requirement under 
subsection (a) is deemed to be authorized by 
law in accordance with section 2802(a) of 
title 10, United States Code. 
(c) TERMINATION OF EXISTING LEASE.—Upon 
completion of the relocation of the Joint 
Spectrum Center pursuant to subsection (a), 
all right, title, and interest of the United 
States in and to the existing lease for the 
Joint Spectrum Center shall be terminated. 
(d) REPEAL OF OBSOLETE AUTHORITY.—Sec-
tion 2887 of the Military Construction Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public 
Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 569) is repealed. 
SA 5630. Mr. CARDIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title I, add the 
following: 
SEC. 144. PROHIBITION RELATING TO FLYING 
MISSION OF THE AIR NATIONAL 
GUARD; USE OF FUNDS FOR RUN-
WAYS OF THE AIR NATIONAL GUARD. 
(a) PROHIBITION.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of the Air 
Force may not reduce below 200 the inven-
tory of A–10 aircraft or the inventory of F–22 
aircraft. 
(2) EXPIRATION OF PROHIBITION.—The prohi-
bition under paragraph (1) shall cease to 
have effect on the date on which the Sec-
retary of the Air Force submits to Congress 
a plan to maintain the flying mission of the 
Air National Guard. 
(b) AIR NATIONAL GUARD RUNWAYS.—The 
Secretary of the Air Force shall use amounts 
available to the Secretary for sustainment, 
restoration and modernization (SRM) to en-
hance and improve runways of the Air Na-
tional Guard in existence as of the date of 
the enactment of this Act. 
SA 5631. Mr. CARDIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title XI, add the following: 
SEC. 1115. PROHIBITION ON REDUCTION OF SEN-
IOR EXECUTIVE SERVICE POSITIONS 
FOR 
NAVY 
LABORATORIES 
AND 
NAVAL 
SURFACE 
WARFARE 
CEN-
TERS. 
The Secretary of the Navy may not reduce 
the number of Senior Executive Service posi-
tions (as defined in section 3132(a) of title 5, 
United States Code) maintained as of the 
date of the enactment of this Act for any— 
(1) laboratory of the Navy; or 
(2) Naval Surface Warfare Center. 
SA 5632. Mr. CARDIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title III, add the 
following: 
SEC. 389. PROHIBITION ON ELIMINATION OF 
CHEMICAL BIOLOGICAL INCIDENT 
RESPONSE 
FORCE 
OF 
MARINE 
CORPS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense 
may not eliminate the Chemical Biological 
Incident Response Force of the Marine Corps 
or the funding for such force. 
(b) REPORT ON FUNDING AND MAINTENANCE 
OF PROGRAM.—Not later than April 25, 2023, 
the Secretary of Defense, in coordination 
with the Commandant of the Marine Corps, 
shall submit to the Committees on Armed 
Services of the Senate and the House of Rep-
resentatives a report on how the Department 
of Defense will fund and maintain the Chem-
ical Biological Incident Response Force of 
the Marine Corps. 
SA 5633. Mr. CARDIN (for himself 
and Mr. VAN
HOLLEN) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. NATIONAL BIODEFENSE ANALYSIS AND 
COUNTERMEASURES CENTER. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Title III of the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 181 et seq.) is 
amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 323. NATIONAL BIODEFENSE ANALYSIS AND 
COUNTERMEASURES CENTER. 
‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary, acting 
through the Under Secretary for Science and 
Technology, shall designate the laboratory 
described in subsection (b) as an additional 
laboratory pursuant to the authority under 
section 308(c)(2), which shall be the lead Fed-
eral facility dedicated to defending the 
United States against biological threats by— 
‘‘(1) understanding the risks posed by in-
tentional, accidental, and natural biological 
events; and 
‘‘(2) providing the operational capabilities 
to support the investigation, prosecution, 
and prevention of biocrimes and bioter-
rorism. 
‘‘(b) LABORATORY DESCRIBED.—The labora-
tory described in this subsection may be a 
federally funded research and development 
center— 
‘‘(1) known, as of the date of enactment of 
this section, as the National Biodefense 
Analysis and Countermeasures Center; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:21 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00086
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.054
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 132-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S5027 
September 22, 2022 
‘‘(2) that may include— 
‘‘(A) the National Bioforensic Analysis 
Center, which conducts technical analyses in 
support of Federal law enforcement inves-
tigations; and 
‘‘(B) the National Biological Threat Char-
acterization Center, which conducts experi-
ments and studies to better understand bio-
logical vulnerabilities and hazards; and 
‘‘(3) transferred to the Department pursu-
ant to subparagraphs (A), (D), and (F) of sec-
tion 303(1) and section 303(2). 
‘‘(c) 
LABORATORY
ACTIVITIES.—The 
Na-
tional Biodefense Analysis and Counter-
measures Center shall— 
‘‘(1) conduct studies and experiments to 
better understand current and future biologi-
cal threats and hazards and pandemics; 
‘‘(2) provide the scientific data required to 
assess vulnerabilities, conduct risk assess-
ments, and determine potential impacts to 
guide the development of countermeasures; 
‘‘(3) conduct and facilitate the technical 
forensic analysis and interpretation of mate-
rials recovered following a biological attack, 
or in other law enforcement investigations 
requiring evaluation of biological materials, 
in support of the appropriate lead Federal 
agency; 
‘‘(4) coordinate with other national labora-
tories to enhance research capabilities, share 
lessons learned, and provide training more 
efficiently; 
‘‘(5) collaborate with the Homeland Secu-
rity Enterprise, as defined in section 2211(h), 
to plan and conduct research to address gaps 
and needs in biodefense; and 
‘‘(6) carry out other such activities as the 
Secretary determines appropriate. 
‘‘(d) WORK FOR OTHERS.—The National Bio-
defense Analysis and Countermeasures Cen-
ter shall engage in a continuously operating 
Work for Others program to make the unique 
biocontainment and bioforensic capabilities 
of the National Biodefense Analysis and 
Countermeasures Center available to other 
Federal agencies. 
‘‘(e) FACILITY REPAIR AND ROUTINE EQUIP-
MENT
REPLACEMENT.—The 
National 
Bio-
defense Analysis and Countermeasures Cen-
ter shall— 
‘‘(1) perform regularly scheduled and re-
quired maintenance of laboratory infrastruc-
ture; and 
‘‘(2) procure mission-critical equipment 
and capability upgrades. 
‘‘(f) 
FACILITY
MISSION
NEEDS
ASSESS-
MENT.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—To address capacity con-
cerns and accommodate future mission needs 
and advanced capabilities, the Under Sec-
retary for Science and Technology shall con-
duct a mission needs assessment, to include 
scoping for potential future needs or expan-
sion, of the National Biodefense Analysis and 
Countermeasures Center. 
‘‘(2) SUBMISSION.—Not later than 120 days 
after the date of enactment of this section, 
the Under Secretary for Science and Tech-
nology shall provide the assessment con-
ducted under paragraph (1) to— 
‘‘(A) the Committee on Homeland Security 
and Governmental Affairs and the Sub-
committee on Homeland Security Appropria-
tions of the Committee on Appropriations of 
the Senate; and 
‘‘(B) the Committee on Homeland Security 
and the Subcommittee on Homeland Secu-
rity Appropriations of the Committee on Ap-
propriations of the House of Representatives. 
‘‘(g) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.— 
There is authorized to be appropriated such 
sums as may be necessary to support the ac-
tivities of the laboratory designated under 
this section. 
‘‘(h) RULE
OF CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in 
this section may be construed as affecting in 
any manner the authorities or responsibil-
ities of the Countering Weapons of Mass De-
struction Office of the Department.’’. 
(b) TECHNICAL
AND
CONFORMING
AMEND-
MENT.—The table of contents in section 1(b) 
of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public 
Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended by in-
serting after the item relating to section 322 
the following: 
‘‘Sec. 323. National Biodefense Analysis and 
Countermeasures Center.’’. 
SA 5634. Mr. CARDIN (for himself 
and Mr. VAN
HOLLEN) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. CHEMICAL SECURITY ANALYSIS CEN-
TER. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Title III of the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 181 et seq.) is 
amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 323. CHEMICAL SECURITY ANALYSIS CEN-
TER. 
‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary, acting 
through the Under Secretary for Science and 
Technology, shall designate the laboratory 
described in subsection (b) as an additional 
laboratory pursuant to the authority under 
section 308(c)(2), which shall be used to con-
duct studies, analyses, and research to assess 
and address the threat, hazards, and risks as-
sociated with an accidental or intentional 
chemical event or chemical terrorism event. 
‘‘(b) LABORATORY DESCRIBED.—The labora-
tory described in this subsection is the lab-
oratory known, as of the date of enactment 
of this section, as the Chemical Security 
Analysis Center. 
‘‘(c) LABORATORY ACTIVITIES.—The Chem-
ical Security Analysis Center shall— 
‘‘(1) identify and develop countermeasures 
and 
mitigation 
strategies 
to 
chemical 
threats, including the development of com-
prehensive, research-based definable goals 
for those countermeasures; 
‘‘(2) provide an enduring science-based 
chemical threat and hazard analysis capa-
bility; 
‘‘(3) provide expertise in risk and con-
sequence modeling, chemical sensing and de-
tection, analytical chemistry, chemical toxi-
cology, synthetic chemistry and reaction 
characterization, and nontraditional chem-
ical agents and emerging chemical threats; 
‘‘(4) staff and operate a technical assist-
ance program that provides operational sup-
port and subject matter expertise, design and 
execute laboratory and field tests, and pro-
vide a comprehensive knowledge repository 
of chemical threat information that is con-
tinuously updated with data from scientific, 
intelligence, operational, and private sector 
sources; 
‘‘(5) consult, as appropriate, with the Coun-
tering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office of 
the Department to mitigate, prepare, and re-
spond to threats, hazards, and risks associ-
ated with an accidental or intentional chem-
ical event or chemical terrorism event; and 
‘‘(6) carry out such other activities as the 
Secretary determines appropriate. 
‘‘(d) RULE
OF CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in 
this section may be construed as affecting in 
any manner the authorities or responsibil-
ities of the Countering Weapons of Mass De-
struction Office of the Department.’’. 
(b) TECHNICAL
AND
CONFORMING
AMEND-
MENT.—The table of contents in section 1(b) 
of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public 
Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended by in-
serting after the item relating to section 322 
the following: 
‘‘Sec. 323. Chemical Security Analysis Cen-
ter.’’. 
SA 5635. Mrs. HYDE-SMITH sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be 
proposed to amendment SA 5499 sub-
mitted by Mr. REED (for himself and 
Mr. INHOFE) and intended to be pro-
posed to the bill H.R. 7900, to authorize 
appropriations for fiscal year 2023 for 
military activities of the Department 
of Defense, for military construction, 
and for defense activities of the De-
partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-
tary personnel strengths for such fiscal 
year, and for other purposes; which was 
ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. llll. PROHIBITION ON OPERATION OR 
PROCUREMENT OF CERTAIN FOR-
EIGN-MADE UNMANNED AIRCRAFT 
SYSTEMS. 
(a) PROHIBITION ON AGENCY OPERATION OR 
PROCUREMENT.—Except as provided in sub-
section (b) and subsection (c)(3), the Sec-
retary may not operate, provide financial as-
sistance for, or enter into or renew a con-
tract for the procurement of— 
(1) an unmanned aircraft system that— 
(A) is manufactured in a covered foreign 
country or by a corporation domiciled in a 
covered foreign country; 
(B) uses flight controllers, radios, data 
transmission devices, cameras, or gimbals 
manufactured in a covered foreign country 
or by a corporation domiciled in a covered 
foreign country; 
(C) uses a ground control system or oper-
ating software developed in a covered foreign 
country or by a corporation domiciled in a 
covered foreign country; or 
(D) uses network connectivity or data stor-
age located in a covered foreign country or 
administered by a corporation domiciled in a 
covered foreign country; 
(2) a software operating system associated 
with a UAS that uses network connectivity 
or data storage located in a covered foreign 
country or administered by a corporation 
domiciled in a covered foreign country; or 
(3) a system for the detection or identifica-
tion of a UAS, which system is manufactured 
in a covered foreign country or by a corpora-
tion domiciled in a covered foreign country. 
(b) WAIVER.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary is author-
ized to waive the prohibition under sub-
section (a) if the Secretary certifies in writ-
ing to the Committee on Homeland Security 
and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and 
the Committee on Homeland Security of the 
House of Representatives that a UAS, a soft-
ware operating system associated with a 
UAS, or a system for the detection or identi-
fication of a UAS referred to in paragraphs 
(1) through (3) of subsection (a) that is the 
subject of such a waiver is required— 
(A) in the national interest of the United 
States; 
(B) for counter-UAS surrogate research, 
testing, development, evaluation, or train-
ing; or 
(C) for intelligence, electronic warfare, or 
information 
warfare 
operations, 
testing, 
analysis, or training. 
(2) NOTICE.—Not later than 14 days after 
the date on which a waiver is issued under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:21 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00087
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.053
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 133-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S5028 
September 22, 2022 
paragraph (1), the Secretary shall submit the 
certification described in paragraph (1) to 
the Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the 
Committee on Homeland Security of the 
House of Representatives. 
(c) EFFECTIVE DATES.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—This section shall take ef-
fect on the date that is 120 days after the 
date of enactment of this Act. 
(2) WAIVER
PROCESS.—Not later than 60 
days after the date of enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary shall establish a process by 
which the head of an office or component of 
the Department may request a waiver under 
subsection (b). 
(3) EXCEPTION.—Notwithstanding the prohi-
bition under subsection (a), the head of an 
office or component of the Department may 
continue to operate a UAS, a software oper-
ating system associated with a UAS, or a 
system for the detection or identification of 
a UAS described in paragraphs (1) through (3) 
of subsection (a) that was in the inventory of 
the office or component on the day before 
the effective date of this Act until the later 
of— 
(A) such time as the Secretary has— 
(i) granted a waiver relating thereto under 
subsection (b); or 
(ii) declined to grant such a waiver; or 
(B) one year after the date of enactment of 
this Act. 
(d) DRONE ORIGIN SECURITY REPORT TO CON-
GRESS.—Not later than 180 days after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary 
shall submit to the Committee on Homeland 
Security and Governmental Affairs of the 
Senate and the Committee on Homeland Se-
curity of the House of Representatives a ter-
rorism threat assessment and report that 
contains information relating to the fol-
lowing: 
(1) The extent to which the Department 
has previously analyzed the threat that a 
UAS, a software operating system associated 
with a UAS, or a system for the detection or 
identification of a UAS from a covered for-
eign country operating in the United States 
poses, and the results of such analysis. 
(2) The number of UAS, software operating 
systems associated with a UAS, or systems 
for the detection or identification of a UAS 
from a covered foreign country in operation 
by the Department, including an identifica-
tion of the component or office of the De-
partment at issue, as of the date on which 
the report is submitted. 
(3) The extent to which information gath-
ered by such a UAS, a software operating 
system associated with a UAS, or a system 
for the detection or identification of a UAS 
from a covered foreign country could be em-
ployed to harm the national or economic se-
curity of the United States. 
(e) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) COVERED FOREIGN COUNTRY.—The term 
‘‘covered foreign country’’ means a country 
that— 
(A) the intelligence community has identi-
fied as a foreign adversary in the most re-
cent annual report on worldwide threats 
issued by the Director of National Intel-
ligence pursuant to section 108B of the Na-
tional Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3043b) 
(commonly known as the ‘‘Annual Threat 
Assessment’’); or 
(B) the Secretary, in coordination with the 
Director of National Intelligence, has identi-
fied as a foreign adversary that is not in-
cluded in such Annual Threat Assessment. 
(2) DEPARTMENT.—The term ‘‘Department’’ 
means the Department of Homeland Secu-
rity. 
(3) INTELLIGENCE
COMMUNITY.—The term 
‘‘intelligence community’’ has the meaning 
given the term in section 3(4) of the National 
Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)). 
(4) 
SECRETARY.—The 
term 
‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of Homeland Security. 
(5) UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM; UAS.—The 
terms ‘‘unmanned aircraft system’’ and 
‘‘UAS’’ have the meaning given the term 
‘‘unmanned aircraft system’’ in section 331 of 
the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 
2012 (49 U.S.C. 40101 note). 
SA 5636. Mr. WARNOCK (for himself 
and Mr. OSSOFF) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title III, add the 
following: 
SEC. 389. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORIZATION OF 
USE OF WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS 
FOR UNSPECIFIED MINOR MILITARY 
CONSTRUCTION 
PROJECTS 
RE-
LATED TO REVITALIZATION AND RE-
CAPITALIZATION OF DEFENSE IN-
DUSTRIAL BASE FACILITIES. 
Section 2208(u)(2)(B) of title 10, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘speci-
fied in subsection (a)(2)’’ and all that follows 
through the period at the end and inserting 
‘‘shall be $11,000,000 instead of any dollar 
limitation specified in section 2805 of this 
title.’’. 
SA 5637. Mr. WARNOCK submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title VIII, insert 
the following: 
SEC. 875. REPORT ON EFFECTS OF SEMICON-
DUCTOR CHIP SHORTAGE ON DE-
PARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary of Defense, in consultation 
with the Secretary of Commerce, shall sub-
mit to the Committees on Armed Services of 
the Senate and the House of Representatives 
a report on the effects of the semiconductor 
chip shortage on the Department of Defense, 
including the effects of the shortage on— 
(1) current defense acquisition programs; 
and 
(2) the ability of current and future defense 
acquisition programs— 
(A) to use state-of the-art semiconductor 
capabilities; and 
(B) to incorporate state-of-the-art artifi-
cial intelligence capabilities. 
(b) FORM OF REPORT.—The report required 
by subsection (a) shall be submitted in un-
classified form, but may include a classified 
annex. 
SA 5638. Mr. WARNOCK (for himself, 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL, Mr. BENNET, and Mr. 
MERKLEY) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment 
SA 5499 submitted by Mr. REED (for 
himself and Mr. INHOFE) and intended 
to be proposed to the bill H.R. 7900, to 
authorize appropriations for fiscal year 
2023 for military activities of the De-
partment of Defense, for military con-
struction, and for defense activities of 
the Department of Energy, to prescribe 
military personnel strengths for such 
fiscal year, and for other purposes; 
which was ordered to lie on the table; 
as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1064. STUDY AND REPORT ON BARRIERS TO 
HOME OWNERSHIP FOR MEMBERS 
OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
Not later than one year after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of 
Defense shall seek to enter into an agree-
ment with a federally funded research and 
development center or nonprofit entity to 
conduct a study on the barriers to home 
ownership for members of the Armed Forces. 
At the conclusion of such study, the Sec-
retary shall submit to the Committees on 
Armed Services of the Senate and the House 
of Representatives a report containing the 
following elements: 
(1) Potential barriers to home ownership, 
including down payments, concerns about 
home maintenance, and challenges in selling 
a home. 
(2) The percentage of members who use the 
basic allowance for housing under section 403 
of title 37, United States Code, to pay for a 
mortgage, disaggregated by Armed Force, 
rank, and military housing area. 
(3) Any identified differences in home own-
ership rates among members correlated with 
race or gender. 
(4) What percentage of members own a 
home before they separate from the Armed 
Forces. 
SA 5639. Mr. WARNOCK (for himself, 
Mr. 
BOOZMAN, 
Mr. 
OSSOFF, 
Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL, and Mr. BENNET) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be 
proposed to amendment SA 5499 sub-
mitted by Mr. REED (for himself and 
Mr. INHOFE) and intended to be pro-
posed to the bill H.R. 7900, to authorize 
appropriations for fiscal year 2023 for 
military activities of the Department 
of Defense, for military construction, 
and for defense activities of the De-
partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-
tary personnel strengths for such fiscal 
year, and for other purposes; which was 
ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title VI, add the 
following: 
SEC. 606. REPORT ON BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR 
HOUSING FOR MEMBERS OF THE 
UNIFORMED SERVICES. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the 
Committees on Armed Services of the Senate 
and the House of Representatives a report on 
the basic allowance for housing for members 
of the uniformed services. 
(b) ELEMENTS.—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall contain the following ele-
ments: 
(1) The evaluation of the Secretary— 
(A) of the efficiency and accuracy of the 
current system used to calculate the basic 
allowance for housing for members of the 
uniformed services under section 403 of title 
37, United States Code; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:52 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00088
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.053
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 134-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S5029 
September 22, 2022 
(B) of the appropriateness of using mean 
and median housing costs in such calcula-
tion; 
(C) of existing military housing areas, in 
relation to choices in, and availability of, 
housing for members of the uniformed serv-
ices; and 
(D) of the suitability of the six standard 
housing profiles in relation to the average 
family sizes of members of the uniformed 
services, disaggregated by uniformed service, 
rank, and military housing area. 
(2) The recommendation of the Secretary— 
(A) regarding the feasibility of including 
information, furnished by Federal entities, 
regarding school districts, in calculating the 
basic allowance for housing; 
(B) whether to calculate the basic allow-
ance for housing more frequently, including 
in response to a sudden change in the hous-
ing market; 
(C) whether to enter into an agreement 
with a commercial entity, to compile data 
and develop an algorithm, in order to cal-
culate the basic allowance for housing; and 
(D) whether to publish the methods used 
by the Secretary to calculate the basic al-
lowance for housing on a publicly accessible 
website of the Department of Defense. 
SA 5640. Mr. WARNOCK submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title XXVIII, 
add the following: 
SEC. 2825. RESPONSES TO THE HOUSING SHORT-
AGE FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED 
FORCES. 
(a) REPORT
ON
HOUSING
SHORTAGE
FOR 
MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the 
Committee on Armed Services of the Senate 
and the Committee on Armed Services of the 
House of Representatives a report on the 
housing shortage for members of the Armed 
Forces. 
(2) ELEMENTS.—The report required under 
subsection (a) shall include the following ele-
ments: 
(A) The determination of the Secretary re-
garding the feasibility of acquiring real 
property near military installations that 
face housing shortages to be used for the de-
velopment of privatized housing. 
(B) The determination of the Secretary re-
garding the need for an officer or civilian 
employee of the Department of Defense to 
serve, at each military installation, as a 
housing manager. 
(b) GUIDANCE TO LANDLORDS OF PRIVATIZED 
HOUSING.—Not later than one year after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-
retary of Defense shall prescribe guidance for 
eligible entities and landlords regarding ac-
ceptable housing standards for privatized 
housing. 
(c) PILOT AND GRANT PROGRAMS.— 
(1) PILOT PROGRAM ON USING RENTAL PART-
NERSHIP PROGRAMS OF THE ARMED FORCES TO 
ASSURE
TENANTS
FOR
DEVELOPERS
OF 
PRIVATIZED HOUSING.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary of Defense shall establish a 
pilot program to assess the feasibility of 
using the rental partnership programs of the 
Armed Forces to assure tenants for eligible 
entities to secure financing to construct 
privatized housing. 
(B) LOCATIONS.—The Secretary shall oper-
ate the pilot program under subparagraph 
(A) in not more than 10 military housing 
areas that each have a rental vacancy rate of 
less than seven percent. 
(C) TERM.—The pilot program under sub-
paragraph (A) shall terminate on the date 
that is five years after the Secretary estab-
lishes the pilot program. 
(D) REPORT.—Not later than 90 days after 
the termination of the pilot program under 
subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall submit 
to Congress a report on the results of the 
pilot program. 
(2) JOINT PILOT PROGRAM ON FINANCIAL IN-
CENTIVES
FOR
DEVELOPERS
OF
PRIVATIZED 
HOUSING.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary of Defense, in coordination 
with the Secretary of Housing and Urban De-
velopment, shall develop a pilot program to 
provide financial incentives to eligible enti-
ties to build privatized housing or to pur-
chase or lease existing facilities to house 
members of the Armed Forces and their de-
pendents and to house low-income individ-
uals and families, as determined by the Sec-
retary of Housing and Urban Development. 
(B) ELIGIBLE PROJECTS.— 
(i) IN GENERAL.—In order to be eligible for 
an incentive under the pilot program under 
subparagraph (A), proposed privatized hous-
ing shall ensure that a percentage of such 
housing is reserved for members of the 
Armed Forces and dependents of such mem-
bers. 
(ii) PERCENTAGE.—The percentage under 
clause (i) shall vary proportionately to the 
value of the incentive provided under sub-
paragraph (A). 
(C) LOCATIONS.—The Secretary of Defense 
and the Secretary of Housing and Urban De-
velopment shall operate the pilot program 
under subparagraph (A) in areas that have 
the longest wait times for on-base housing. 
(D) PRIORITY.—In selecting eligible entities 
under the pilot program under subparagraph 
(A), the Secretary of Defense and the Sec-
retary of Housing and Urban Development 
shall give priority to entry-level housing and 
projects with greater density. 
(E) TERM.—The pilot program under sub-
paragraph (A) shall terminate on the date 
that is five years after the Secretary of De-
fense establishes the pilot program. 
(F) REPORT.—Not later than 90 days after 
the termination of the pilot program, the 
Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of 
Housing and Urban Development shall sub-
mit to Congress a report on the results of the 
pilot program. 
(3) JOINT GRANT PROGRAM.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense 
and Secretary of Housing and Urban Devel-
opment may jointly operate a grant program 
through the Office of Local Defense Commu-
nity Cooperation of the Department of De-
fense to build housing for members of the 
Armed Forces and their dependents and for 
low-income individuals and families. 
(B) TREATMENT OF HOUSEHOLD INCOME LIM-
ITS.—Household income limits for entities el-
igible to receive a grant under subparagraph 
(A) shall not differ based on whether a house-
hold includes a member of the Armed Forces. 
(d) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) ELIGIBLE ENTITY; LANDLORD.—The terms 
‘‘eligible entity’’ and ‘‘landlord’’ have the 
meanings given such terms in section 2871 of 
title 10, United States Code. 
(2) 
PRIVATIZED
HOUSING.—The 
term 
‘‘privatized housing’’ means housing under 
subchapter IV of chapter 169 of such title. 
SA 5641. Mr. WARNOCK submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title II, insert 
the following: 
SEC. lll. ADVANCED BATTLE MANAGEMENT 
SYSTEM RESEARCH AND DEVELOP-
MENT. 
(a) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of 
Congress that the Air Force should— 
(1) continue development and fielding of 
the Advanced Battle Management System 
(ABMS) and ground moving target indication 
(GMTI) capability; and 
(2) increase the ability of the Air Force to 
develop and sustain air battle managers ca-
pable of conducting remote battlefield com-
mand and control missions in support of the 
National Defense Strategy. 
(b) RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of the Air 
Force shall carry out research and develop-
ment activities relating to Advanced Battle 
Management System to sustain and enhance 
ground moving target indication and air bat-
tle management capabilities. 
(2) ELEMENTS.—Research and development 
activities carried out under paragraph (1) 
shall include the following: 
(A) Identifying necessary associated air-
craft, technological platforms, personnel, 
functions, and necessary associated units to 
enable remote command and control by air 
battle managers. 
(B) Identifying regional ecosystems with 
advantageous supporting base structures and 
academic 
institutions 
that 
would 
com-
plement a central location for developing 
and sustaining that air battle manager capa-
bility. 
(C) Assessing the feasibility and advis-
ability of establishing an air battle manager 
center of excellence to be the processing, ex-
ploitation, and dissemination hub of develop-
ment for the Advanced Battle Management 
System and associated platforms, systems, 
aircraft, and functions. 
(c) REPORT.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit 
to the congressional defense committees a 
report on the Advanced Battle Management 
System. 
(2) CONTENTS.—The report submitted under 
paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) A timeline defining the breadth of the 
Advanced Battle Management System pro-
gram. 
(B) An assessment of the feasibility and ad-
visability of establishing of an air battle 
manager center of excellence as described in 
subsection (b)(2)(C). 
SA 5642. Mr. WARNOCK (for himself 
and 
Mr. 
BOOZMAN) 
submitted 
an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:52 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00089
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.055
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 135-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S5030 
September 22, 2022 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title VI, add the 
following: 
SEC. 606. REVIEW OF DISLOCATION AND RELOCA-
TION ALLOWANCES. 
Not later than one year after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of 
Defense shall submit to the congressional de-
fense committees a report— 
(1) reviewing the adequacy of the amounts 
of dislocation and relocation allowances paid 
under section 452 of title 37, United States 
Code, to members of the uniformed services 
in connection with changes in such members’ 
temporary or permanent duty assignment lo-
cations, taking into consideration the rising 
costs of moving, challenges in the housing 
market, and other expenses incurred by such 
members; 
(2) assessing the effects of delays in the 
issuance of orders relating to changes to 
temporary or permanent duty assignment lo-
cations on the timing of dislocation and relo-
cation allowances paid to members of the 
uniformed services; 
(3) assessing the feasibility and advis-
ability of paying dislocation or relocation al-
lowances to members of the uniformed serv-
ices who are permanently assigned from one 
unit to another with no change of permanent 
duty station when the units are within the 
same metropolitan area; and 
(4) making recommendations with respect 
to the matters described in paragraphs (1), 
(2), and (3). 
SA 5643. Mr. WARNOCK submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XXVIII, 
add the following: 
SEC. 2868. CONSIDERATION OF PUBLIC EDU-
CATION WHEN MAKING BASING DE-
CISIONS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 2883 of the Wil-
liam M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (Pub-
lic Law 116–283; 10 U.S.C. 1781b) is amended— 
(1) 
by 
redesignating 
subsections 
(e) 
through (j) as subsections (f) through (k), re-
spectively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-
lowing new subsection (e): 
‘‘(e) EDUCATION.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—With regard to a mili-
tary housing area in which an installation 
subject to a basing decision covered by sub-
section (a) is or will be located, the Sec-
retary of the military department concerned 
shall take into account the extent to which 
high-quality public education is available 
and accessible to dependents of members of 
the Armed Forces in the military housing 
area by comparing progress of students 
served by relevant local educational agencies 
described in paragraph (4) under the state-
wide accountability system described in sec-
tion 1111 of the Elementary and Secondary 
Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311) as com-
pared to the progress of all students in such 
State under such system.’’. 
‘‘(2) TRANSPARENCY.—The Secretary of the 
military department concerned shall ensure 
transparency in the factors used to make 
basing decisions under this section, includ-
ing, as appropriate, by coordinating with the 
relevant local educational agencies to ensure 
that data used in carrying out paragraph (1) 
is publicly available and accessible to im-
pacted communities. 
‘‘(3) CONSULTATION.—In carrying out para-
graph (1) with respect to an installation sub-
ject to a basing decision covered by sub-
section (a), the Secretary of the military de-
partment concerned shall consult with and 
seek input from leadership and education li-
aisons for the installation and State, local, 
and Tribal education agencies. 
‘‘(4) RELEVANT
LOCAL
EDUCATIONAL
AGEN-
CIES DESCRIBED.—Relevant local educational 
agencies described in this paragraph in-
clude— 
‘‘(A) local educational agencies that serve 
dependents of members of the Armed Forces 
in the State in which the military housing 
area described in paragraph (1) is located; 
and 
‘‘(B) local educational agencies in such 
State that serve or would be likely to serve 
a significant number or percentage of de-
pendents of members of the Armed Forces in 
the military housing area described in para-
graph (1) as determined by the Secretary of 
the military department concerned, in con-
sultation with the education liaisons for the 
installation described in such paragraph.’’. 
(b) CONFORMING
AMENDMENT.—Subsection 
(a) of such section is amended by striking 
‘‘subsection (e)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection 
(f)’’. 
SA 5644. Mr. WARNOCK (for himself, 
Mr. 
BOOZMAN, 
Mr. 
OSSOFF, 
Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL, and Mr. MERKLEY) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be 
proposed to amendment SA 5499 sub-
mitted by Mr. REED (for himself and 
Mr. INHOFE) and intended to be pro-
posed to the bill H.R. 7900, to authorize 
appropriations for fiscal year 2023 for 
military activities of the Department 
of Defense, for military construction, 
and for defense activities of the De-
partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-
tary personnel strengths for such fiscal 
year, and for other purposes; which was 
ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title VI, add the 
following: 
SEC. 606. INCREASE IN BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR 
HOUSING 
INSIDE 
THE 
UNITED 
STATES FOR MEMBERS OF THE UNI-
FORMED SERVICES. 
Paragraph (3) of section 403(b) of title 37, 
United States Code, is amended to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(3) The monthly amount of the basic al-
lowance for housing for an area of the United 
States for a member of a uniformed service 
shall be the amount of the monthly cost of 
adequate housing in that area, as determined 
by the Secretary of Defense, for members of 
the uniformed services serving in the same 
pay grade and with the same dependency sta-
tus as the member.’’. 
SA 5645. Mr. CRUZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title III, add the 
following: 
SEC. 389. AUTHORIZATION OF AMOUNTS TO THE 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE TO BE 
USED TO CONDUCT ANNUAL AND 
PERIODIC INTELLIGENCE, SURVEIL-
LANCE, 
AND 
RECONNAISSANCE 
TRAINING ALONG THE LAND AND 
WATER BORDERS OF THE UNITED 
STATES. 
(a) AUTHORIZATION OF AMOUNTS.— 
(1) JOINT TASK FORCE NORTH.—The amount 
authorized to be appropriated to the Depart-
ment of Defense for fiscal year 2023 for oper-
ation and maintenance for the Joint Task 
Force 
North 
is 
hereby 
increased 
by 
$25,000,000. 
(2) JOINT INTERAGENCY TASK FORCE SOUTH.— 
The amount authorized to be appropriated to 
the Department of Defense for fiscal year 
2023 for operation and maintenance for the 
Joint Interagency Task Force South is here-
by increased by $25,000,000. 
(b) USE OF AMOUNTS.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—The amounts of the in-
creases under paragraphs (1) and (2) of sub-
section (a) shall be used by aviation units 
from the Army, Navy, and Air Force to con-
duct annual and periodic intelligence, sur-
veillance, and reconnaissance training along 
the land and water borders of the United 
States. 
(2) USE OF CAMERA FEEDS.—In conducting 
training under paragraph (1), aviation units 
described in such paragraph shall provide the 
live feed from any cameras or sensors used 
on the aircraft during the training to the 
Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border 
Protection. 
SA 5646. Mr. CRUZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 5499 submitted by Mr. 
REED (for himself and Mr. INHOFE) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 
7900, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2023 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title I, add the 
following: 
SEC. 144. PROHIBITION ON CERTAIN REDUC-
TIONS 
TO 
B–BOMBER 
AIRCRAFT 
SQUADRONS. 
(a) PROHIBITION.—During the covered pe-
riod, the Secretary of the Air Force may 
not— 
(1) modify the designed operational capa-
bility statement for any B–1 bomber aircraft 
squadron, as in effect on the date of the en-
actment of this Act, in a manner that would 
reduce the capabilities of such a squadron 
below the levels specified in such statement 
as in effect on such date; or 
(2) reduce, below the levels in effect on 
such date of enactment, the number of per-
sonnel assigned to units responsible for the 
operation and maintenance of B–1 aircraft if 
such reduction would affect the ability of 
such units to meet the capability described 
in paragraph (1). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:52 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00090
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.055
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 136-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S5031 
September 22, 2022 
(b) EXCEPTION.—The prohibition under sub-
section (a) shall not apply to a bomb wing 
for which the Secretary of the Air Force has 
commenced the process of replacing B–1 
bomber aircraft with B–21 bomber aircraft. 
(c) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘covered period’’ means the 
period beginning on the date of the enact-
ment of this Act and ending on September 
30, 2026. 
(2) The term ‘‘designed operational capa-
bility statement’’ has the meaning given 
that term in Air Force Instruction 10–201. 
(d) CONFORMING
REPEAL.—Section 133 of 
the National Defense Authorization Act for 
Fiscal Year 2022 (Public Law 117–81; 135 Stat. 
1574) is repealed. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I have 
six requests for committees to meet 
during today’s session of the Senate. 
They have the approval of the Majority 
and Minority Leaders. 
Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 
5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-
ate, the following committees are au-
thorized to meet during today’s session 
of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE, NUTRITION, AND 
FORESTRY 
The Committee on Agriculture, Nu-
trition, and Forestry is authorized to 
meet during the session of the Senate 
on Thursday, September 22, 2022, at 10 
a.m., to conduct a hearing. 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES 
The Committee on Armed Services is 
authorized to meet during the session 
of the Senate on Thursday, September 
22, 2022, at 9:30 a.m., to conduct a hear-
ing on nominations. 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING, HOUSING, AND URBAN 
AFFAIRS 
The Committee on Banking, Housing, 
and Urban Affairs is authorized to 
meet during the session of the Senate 
on Thursday, September 22, 2022, at 9:30 
a.m., to conduct a hearing. 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL 
RESOURCES 
The Committee on Energy and Nat-
ural Resources is authorized to meet 
during the session of the Senate on 
Thursday, September 22, 2022, at 10 
a.m., to conduct a hearing. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY 
The Committee on the Judiciary is 
authorized to meet during the session 
of the Senate on Thursday, September 
22, 2022, at 9 a.m., to conduct an execu-
tive business meeting. 
SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON AGING 
The Special Committee on aging is 
authorized to meet during the session 
of the Senate on Thursday, September 
22, 2022, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hear-
ing. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. First of all, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate 
proceed to executive session to con-
sider the following nominations en 
bloc: Calendar No. 1041 and 1150; that 
the Senate vote on the nominations, en 
bloc, without intervening action or de-
bate; that the motions to reconsider be 
considered made and laid upon the 
table; that the President be imme-
diately notified of the Senate’s action; 
and that the Senate resume legislative 
session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The question is, Will the Senate ad-
vise and consent to the nominations of 
Robin Meredith Cohn Hutcheson, of 
Utah, to be Administrator of the Fed-
eral Motor Carrier Safety Administra-
tion; and Kevin G. Ritz, of Tennessee, 
to be United States Attorney for the 
Western District of Tennessee for the 
term of four years? 
The nominations were confirmed en 
bloc. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate will now resume legislative session. 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Madam President, 
I will note that the two Senators from 
Minnesota are now controlling the 
Chamber. 
But we have also, during our time in 
the Chamber alone, confirmed someone 
who used to live in our State, and she 
would 
be 
Robin 
Meredith 
Cohn 
Hutcheson, to be the Administrator of 
the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Ad-
ministration, in addition to the U.S. 
attorney for the State of Tennessee. 
f 
VETERANS’ COMPENSATION COST- 
OF-LIVING ADJUSTMENT ACT OF 
2022 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-
ate proceed to the immediate consider-
ation of H.R. 7846, which was received 
from the House. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the bill by title. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 7846) to increase, effective as of 
December 1, 2022, the rates of compensation 
for veterans with service-connected disabil-
ities and the rates of dependency and indem-
nity compensation for the survivors of cer-
tain disabled veterans, and for other pur-
poses. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the bill 
be considered read a third time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The bill was ordered to a third read-
ing and was read the third time. 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Madam President, 
I know of no further debate on the bill. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there 
is no further debate on the bill, the bill 
having been read the third time, the 
question is, Shall the bill pass? 
The bill (H.R. 7846) was passed. 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the mo-
tion to reconsider be considered made 
and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
KEVIN AND AVONTE’S LAW 
REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2022 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Madam President, 
the next matter before the Senate is a 
bill that Senator GRASSLEY and I have 
long led, the Kevin and Avonte’s Law 
reauthorization. 
So I ask unanimous consent that the 
Committee on the Judiciary be dis-
charged from further consideration of 
S. 4885 and the Senate proceed to its 
immediate consideration. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the bill by title. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 4885) to amend the Violent Crime 
Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994, to 
reauthorize the Missing Americans Alert 
Program. 
There being no objection, the com-
mittee was discharged, and the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the bill 
be considered read a third time and 
passed and the motion to reconsider be 
considered made and laid upon the 
table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The bill (S. 4885) was ordered to be 
engrossed for a third reading, was read 
the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 4885 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Kevin and 
Avonte’s Law Reauthorization Act of 2022’’. 
SEC. 2. REAUTHORIZATION OF THE MISSING 
AMERICANS ALERT PROGRAM. 
Section 240001(d) of the Violent Crime Con-
trol and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 (34 
U.S.C. 12621(d)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018 
through 2022’’ and inserting ‘‘2023 through 
2027’’. 
f 
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED TODAY 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Madam President, 
now resolutions en bloc. 
I ask unanimous consent that the 
Senate now proceed to the en bloc con-
sideration of the following Senate reso-
lutions, introduced earlier today: S. 
Res. 793, S. Res. 794, and S. Res. 795. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolutions 
en bloc. 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the reso-
lutions be agreed to, the preambles be 
agreed to, and that the motions to re-
consider be considered made and laid 
upon the table, all en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolutions were agreed to. 
The preambles were agreed to. 
(The resolutions, with their pre-
ambles, are printed in today’s RECORD 
under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:55 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00091
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.055
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE
---

 -Page 137-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S5032 
September 22, 2022 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY 
OF THE LATE SENATOR ROBERT 
‘‘BOB’’ CHARLES KRUEGER 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of S. 
Res. 796, submitted earlier today. 
The 
PRESIDING 
OFFICER. 
The 
clerk will report the resolution by 
title. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 796) honoring the life 
and legacy of the late Senator Robert ‘‘Bob’’ 
Charles Krueger. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. I ask unanimous 
consent that the resolution be agreed 
to, the preamble be agreed to, and the 
motions to reconsider be considered 
made and laid upon the table with no 
intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 796) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. 
(The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s RECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 
23, 
2022, 
TO 
TUESDAY, 
SEP-
TEMBER 27, 2022 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Madam President, 
I now ask unanimous consent that 
when the Senate completes its business 
today, it adjourn under the provisions 
of S. Res. 796 until 11 a.m. on Friday, 
September 23, to convene for a pro 
forma session, with no business con-
ducted; further, that when the Senate 
adjourns on Friday, it stand adjourned 
until 3 p.m. on Tuesday, September 27, 
and that following the prayer and 
pledge, the morning hour be deemed 
expired, the Journal of proceedings be 
approved to date, the time for the two 
leaders be reserved for their use later 
in the day, and morning business be 
closed; that upon the conclusion of 
morning business, the Senate resume 
consideration of the motion to proceed 
to Calendar No. 389, H.R. 6833; further, 
that the Senate vote on the motion to 
invoke cloture on the motion to pro-
ceed at 5:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Madam President, 
if there is no further business to come 
before the Senate, I ask unanimous 
consent that it stand adjourned under 
the previous order following the re-
marks of Senator SULLIVAN of Alaska. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Alaska. 
f 
TYPHOON MERBOK 
Mr. SULLIVAN. Madam President, I 
want to talk about one of the strongest 
storms in many, many years to hit my 
State. It was called Typhoon Merbok, 
and it hit western Alaska late last 
week and into the weekend. It brought 
gale-force winds, massive flooding, and 
loss of power, water, and communica-
tions. It has wreaked havoc. 
I have just a few photos here. You see 
a house literally floating away into the 
ocean; whole communities completely 
flooded; a giant wave system—again, 
communities completely flooded in 
western Alaska. 
This is an area of our State dotted 
with dozens of small villages, nearly all 
of them, the majority, Alaska Native 
communities. 
Roughly 
about 
21,000 
people live in these communities in 
western Alaska with a coastline of 
roughly 1,300 miles. That is just one 
little, small part of my State, but that 
is just about as many miles of all the 
Florida coastline combined just here in 
western Alaska. They got hammered. 
There are very, very few roads. Alas-
ka has over 200 communities that are 
not connected by any roads at all, and 
so it presents many challenges in 
terms of relief. Unfortunately, the very 
small number of roads that we have, 
many were washed away in these com-
munities. The storm knocked out lines 
of communication, prompted evacu-
ations, and wrenched homes from their 
foundations, as I mentioned, floating in 
the water. 
The preliminary assessment shows 
very significant damage to bridges, 
roads, water treatment plants, bulk 
fuel tanks, seawalls, breakwaters, air-
strips—if you don’t have a road, every 
one of these small communities has an 
airport, a tiny little airport—genera-
tors, powerplants. This was a dev-
astating storm. 
But I am proud to say my fellow 
Alaskans pulled together—the Native 
communities in particular, as they do 
so often—to make sure that all resi-
dents and particularly the most vulner-
able, the elderly in particular, were out 
of harm’s way when this storm came 
pounding ashore in western Alaska. 
Our State and local government 
emergency management teams, the 
Alaska National Guard, the Coast 
Guard, and our first responders have 
also been working day and night to en-
sure that communities are safe and 
that utility services and major infra-
structure are becoming operational as 
soon as possible, but it is still a real 
challenge. 
I will say from the Federal Govern-
ment’s perspective, FEMA has done a 
good job thus far—a really good job. 
They immediately got teams on the 
ground and are working to evaluate the 
damage. The head of FEMA, whom I 
spoke to shortly after the storm hit, is 
on her way to Alaska. The Secretary of 
Homeland Security just called me 
today on their focus on this. The Re-
gion 10 FEMA Director—which covers 
Alaska—is also on the ground there. 
Thankfully, thank God there have 
been no reports of death or serious in-
jury, and it is in part because of the re-
silience of the people in Alaska and the 
preparation. 
Further, donations of food, water, 
clothes, and other essentials from busi-
nesses and nonprofits and just generous 
individuals throughout Alaska have 
been pouring in to this community. We 
are so grateful for all the help that has 
come. 
Even though most Americans are 
very unaware of this, this was a dev-
astating storm. 
Let me talk a little bit about some of 
these wonderful communities that were 
hit by the storm. All of these commu-
nities—I have spent a lot of time in 
western Alaska. They are amazing peo-
ple with an incredible generosity of 
spirit and thriving Alaska Native cul-
tures. But these are some of the poor-
est communities in America—the poor-
est communities in America. Like I 
said, almost none of them have roads. 
Several of them do not have any water 
or sewer—running water or flush toi-
lets. American citizens. 
You know, I get a little frustrated in 
this body whenever there is a lower 48 
community that has a problem with 
drinking water—the latest in Jackson, 
MS, and Detroit, MI. There is all this 
money, and they say: Hey, let’s fix that 
aging infrastructure. I get it. That is 
important. But what I always say is, 
why don’t we fix communities like 
mine that have no infrastructure, no 
water and sewer, no flush toilets, no 
access to the internet, housing where 
multiple 
generations 
are 
often 
crammed together? 
And here is the thing. These are some 
of the most amazing people on the 
planet, and as Americans, they are 
some of the most patriotic people in 
the whole country. I always like to 
brag about Alaska, where there are 
more veterans per capita than any 
State in the country. But the Alaska 
Native people serve at higher rates in 
the U.S. military than any other eth-
nic group in America. This is what I 
call special patriotism. When you go to 
these small communities, everyone 
there is a veteran. It really warms your 
heart as an American. 
So we need to help these commu-
nities, and we are going to do that. The 
Senate is going to do that; the Federal 
Government is going to do that; and 
the State of Alaska is going to do that. 
I do want to make one mention of 
one issue that is important to me. It is 
an issue just to fairness, and I am just 
putting down a marker to make sure 
we have fairness as it relates to my 
constituents in this very significant 
storm that we need help with. 
The majority leader was here on the 
floor recently talking about the impact 
that Hurricane Fiona was having on 
Puerto Rico, and we are all thinking 
about Puerto Rico as well. We want to 
make sure they are all safe, and that is 
something we need to be focused on in 
the Federal Government, in the U.S. 
Senate. 
Now, normally, the Federal Govern-
ment pays for 75 percent of the costs of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:55 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00092
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G22SE6.053
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 138-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S5033 
September 22, 2022 
emergency medical care, disaster re-
sponse, food distribution when those 
requests are made. 
Our Governor just recently declared 
a Federal disaster for this part of Alas-
ka. The Alaska delegation sent a letter 
to the President urging him to imme-
diately approve this Federal disaster 
declaration for Alaska. When this hap-
pens, as I mentioned, the Federal Gov-
ernment usually pays 75 percent; oth-
ers are responsible back home for 25 
percent. Sometimes it is even 90 per-
cent and 10 percent. 
As I mentioned, the majority leader 
recently requested, in a floor speech on 
the Senate floor—and I am fine with 
the speech—that the FEMA Federal 
Government pay 100 percent of the 
costs in Puerto Rico. OK. If FEMA 
wants to do that, if that is going to 
happen at the request of the majority 
leader, here is what else has to happen: 
Then FEMA must pay 100 percent of 
the costs in western Alaska, OK. That 
is a no-brainer. One hundred percent of 
the costs from FEMA in Puerto Rico, 
then the great people in western Alas-
ka are going to get 100 percent of the 
costs paid for as well. 
As a matter of fact, Madam Presi-
dent, I ask unanimous consent to have 
printed in the RECORD a letter I led 
with Senator MURKOWSKI and Congress-
woman 
PELTOLA
to 
Administrator 
Criswell, the Director of FEMA, just 
making note that, hey, if you are going 
to do 100 percent for Puerto Rico, you 
need to make sure you are doing 100 
percent for western Alaska. I would 
like to submit that for the RECORD. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the 
RECORD, as follows: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES, 
Washington, DC, September 22, 2022. 
Administrator DEANNE CRISWELL, 
Federal Emergency Management Agency, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR ADMINISTRATOR CRISWELL: We write 
to urge your administrative approval of Gov-
ernor Dunleavy’s request to waive the 
State’s cost share for federal individual and 
public assistance for recovery efforts in 
Western Alaska following the onslaught of 
Typhoon Merbok. 
As your Region X team is aware, condi-
tions prior to the storm in impacted rural 
communities were already difficult. Several 
Alaskan communities do not have running 
water or sewer systems. Where they do exist, 
it is common for sewer systems to be con-
structed above ground which further exposes 
flooded communities to the potential release 
of raw sewage. These communities are also 
experiencing high levels of unemployment 
and poverty, and it is likely that many 
homes are not insured against the losses ex-
perienced. Additionally. the cost of pro-
viding immediate temporary housing will 
impede the finances available for housing 
construction. 
Necessary cleanup efforts have begun, and 
Alaskan efforts and spirit in the face of 
trials is herculean as ever. However, this 
cost is too great to cover with currently 
available resources. 
Preliminary assessments across more than 
a thousand miles of Western Alaska coast-
line include damage to bridges and roads, 
water treatment plants, homes, bulk fuel 
tanks, seawalls, breakwaters, berms, air-
strips, generators, and power plants. On Sep-
tember 20. 2022, Governor Mike Dunleavy re-
quested a federal disaster declaration. We 
sent a letter that same evening requesting 
the President expeditiously approve that re-
quest. 
On September 19, 2022 Senator Schumer de-
livered a speech on the Senate floor in which 
he stated that he spoke with you and 
‘‘urge[d] that [FEMA] be ready to approve a 
temporary 100% federal cost share for all 
emergency protective services that Puerto 
Rico conducts in the coming days.’’ As you 
consider requests for storm recovery funding 
and cost shares across the nation, including 
for Puerto Rico in Region 2, we expect you to 
deliver an equitable decision for Alaska. 
Sincerely, 
LISA MURKOWSKI, 
United States Senator. 
DAN SULLIVAN, 
United States Senator. 
MARY SATTLER PELTOLA, 
Representative for All 
Alaska. 
Mr. SULLIVAN. So, Madam Presi-
dent, one of the things that I have al-
ways done in my job here in the U.S. 
Senate is, whenever there is a bill deal-
ing with disaster relief, regardless of 
what part of the country it is, I always 
vote for it. The reason I do that is be-
cause I come from a State that has 
earthquakes, that has wildfires, that 
has typhoons, that has a lot of cold 
weather. We are tough in Alaska, but 
every now and then, we are going to 
need Federal help as well, and now is 
the time we do. 
So we are all going to work together 
here in the Senate, whether it is Puer-
to Rico or Kentucky or western Alas-
ka, where there have been a lot of re-
cent natural disasters. We will work 
together. 
I just want to make sure my con-
stituents know: We got your back here 
in DC. We thank you for your resil-
iency, toughness, and everybody com-
ing together. We will make sure that, 
whatever the results are in any of 
these other natural disasters, that 
Alaska is going to get the same result 
as well. 
I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 11 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order and pursuant to S. 
Res. 796, the Senate stands adjourned 
until 11 a.m. on Friday, September 23, 
2022, and does so as a further mark of 
respect to the late Robert ‘‘Bob’’ 
Charles Krueger, former Senator from 
Texas. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 4:30 p.m., 
adjourned until Friday, September 23, 
2022, at 11 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: 
FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION 
TRAVIS HILL, OF MARYLAND, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSUR-
ANCE CORPORATION FOR A TERM OF SIX YEARS, VICE 
JEREMIAH O’HEAR NORTON, TERM EXPIRED. 
TRAVIS HILL, OF MARYLAND, TO BE VICE CHAIR-
PERSON OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE FEDERAL 
DEPOSIT 
INSURANCE 
CORPORATION, 
VICE 
THOMAS 
HOENIG. 
JONATHAN MCKERNAN, OF TENNESSEE, TO BE A MEM-
BER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE FEDERAL DE-
POSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION FOR THE REMAINDER 
OF THE TERM EXPIRING MAY 31, 2024, VICE JELENA 
MCWILLIAMS, RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE 
LYNNE M. TRACY, OF OHIO, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE 
SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF CAREER MINISTER, 
TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENI-
POTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO 
THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
IN THE NAVY 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED 
WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND 
RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. ALVIN HOLSEY 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS 
Executive nominations confirmed by 
the Senate September 22, 2022: 
FEDERAL MOTOR CARRIER SAFETY 
ADMINISTRATION 
ROBIN MEREDITH COHN HUTCHESON, OF UTAH, TO BE 
ADMINISTRATOR OF THE FEDERAL MOTOR CARRIER 
SAFETY ADMINISTRATION. 
UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR GLOBAL MEDIA 
AMANDA BENNETT, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO 
BE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF THE UNITED STATES 
AGENCY FOR GLOBAL MEDIA. 
EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT 
ARATI PRABHAKAR, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE DIRECTOR 
OF THE OFFICE OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY POLICY. 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE 
KEVIN G. RITZ, OF TENNESSEE, TO BE UNITED STATES 
ATTORNEY FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF TENNESSEE 
FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:55 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00093
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 9801
E:\CR\FM\G22SE6.055
S22SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 139-
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E965 
September 22, 2022 
IN RECOGNITION OF TRUE LOVE 
MISSIONARY BAPTIST CHURCH 
HON. RASHIDA TLAIB 
OF MICHIGAN 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, September 22, 2022 
Ms. TLAIB. Madam Speaker, today I want to 
recognize the congregation at True Love Mis-
sionary Baptist Church, located in Detroit in 
Michigan’s 13th District Strong, as they cele-
brate eighty years of faith, family, and service. 
True Love as we know it today grew from 
humble beginnings. Founded in 1942 by eight 
worshippers united in their vision of faith and 
service, the church has moved its location in 
Detroit many times to accommodate its bur-
geoning flock and its many programs. True 
Love has remained at its current location on 
Tireman Street since 1967. Over the past 
eighty years, the congregation has witnessed 
upheaval, change, and progress, but has re-
mained steadfast in their faith and commit-
ment to providing services to its members and 
the surrounding community. 
Whether it’s providing youth programming, 
adult education, or support services to com-
munity elders, there is no doubt that True 
Love has made an indelible impact on the sur-
rounding community. Due to its outstanding 
leadership and incredible devotion of its con-
gregation, True Love Missionary Church has 
been blessed with a bright future. 
Please join me in recognizing the congrega-
tion at True Love Missionary Baptist Church 
as they celebrate this milestone and many 
years to come. 
f 
ROBERT GIBNEY 
HON. JEFFERSON VAN DREW 
OF NEW JERSEY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, September 22, 2022 
Mr. VAN DREW. Madam Speaker, last 
month, I had the pleasure of attending the 
Dorothy Volunteer Fire Company’s presen-
tation of 50-years of service plaques. At the 
event, a 50-years of service plaque was pre-
sented for Robert James Gibney. Bob was 
born in Philadelphia and moved to Dorothy, 
South Jersey as a young child. After grad-
uating from Vineland High-School, he worked 
at Wheaton Plastics for 35 years until its clos-
ing. Additionally, at just 15 years old, Bob 
joined the Dorothy Volunteer Fire Company, 
where he accumulated 56 years of service. 
Throughout his years of service, he volun-
teered on the Dorothy Rescue Squad, Mays 
Landing Rescue Squad, and the New Jersey 
Forest Fire Service. Bob was eventually 
named Chief of the Dorothy Volunteer Fire 
Company and served in this role for many 
years. In his free time, he enjoyed spending 
time at the Winding River Campground or 
cooking for his friends and family. Unfortu-
nately, Bob passed away on October 17, 
2021. Bob’s service to the South Jersey com-
munity will never be forgotten, and may he 
rest in peace. 
f 
HONORING MEALS ON WHEELS OF 
THE SALINAS VALLEY 
HON. JIMMY PANETTA 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, September 22, 2022 
Mr. PANETTA. Madam Speaker, I rise today 
to celebrate the half-century of service Meals 
on Wheels of the Salinas Valley has provided 
to California’s 20th congressional district. This 
organization has worked for the last 50 years 
to enhance the health and well-being and pro-
vide a sense of community for homebound 
seniors, disabled adults, and veterans in the 
Salinas Valley. 
More than 10 million older Americans face 
hunger each year, and nearly 970,000 of 
those senior citizens reside in California, all of 
whom may be at a greater risk for developing 
a number of debilitating chronic health condi-
tions 
if 
they 
experience 
persistent 
malnourishment and isolation. 
Since its founding in 1972, Meals on 
Wheels of the Salinas Valley has provided 
healthy meals to over 16,000 seniors across 
our beautiful valley, providing an essential re-
source for the well-being of our community’s 
most vulnerable members. To date, Meals on 
Wheels of the Salinas Valley has delivered 
over five million nutritious meals to households 
throughout the Salinas Valley and serves up 
to 180 clients weekly. Additionally, 114 pets 
have received AniMeals through Meals on 
Wheels’ partnership with the SPCA of Mon-
terey County. 
Powered by the commitment and expertise 
of its staff members and the dedication and 
magnanimity of its approximately 97 active 
volunteers, Meals on Wheels of the Salinas 
Valley demonstrate its inestimable value for 
homebound seniors, disabled adults, and vet-
erans during the ongoing COVID–19 pan-
demic. Each volunteer is connected by their 
unwavering passion for supporting the inde-
pendence and well-being of their community 
members. This past year, volunteers have 
driven 26,048 miles throughout the Salinas 
Valley, from Pajaro and Aromas in North Mon-
terey County to San Ardo and Bradley in the 
South, and have donated 5,814 hours of their 
time. 
Madam Speaker, I offer my sincere appre-
ciation to the Meals on Wheels of the Salinas 
Valley for its 50 years of vital service to our 
community members in need. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. GLENN THOMPSON 
OF PENNSYLVANIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, September 22, 2022 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Madam 
Speaker, had I been present, I would have 
voted NAY on Roll Call No. 446. 
f 
HONORING JORDAN MIX AS IOWAN 
OF THE WEEK 
HON. CYNTHIA AXNE 
OF IOWA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, September 22, 2022 
Mrs. AXNE. Madam Speaker, as we begin 
celebrating Pride Month, I rise today to honor 
Jordan Mix as Iowan of the Week. Jordan Mix, 
an advocate for transgender and non-binary 
kids in Iowa, works with educators, families, 
businesses, 
and 
organizations 
to 
create 
LGBTQIA+ inclusive environments across the 
state. Jordan serves as the Director of Edu-
cational Programming at Iowa Safe Schools, 
where they work with educators to create in-
clusive curriculum and lead training sessions 
for community members to better support 
transgender and non-binary kids. 
Jordan Mix was born in the Chicago area 
and now lives with their wife and cat in Des 
Moines. Growing up, Jordan’s family was very 
supportive when they came out in 2010 as a 
member of the LGBTQIA+ community. This 
love and support was especially poignant to 
Jordan in the face of the enactment of anti- 
LGBTQ+ policies and has remained a very im-
portant part of their story. It’s why Jordan en-
joys working with families of LGBTQIA+ youth 
and empowering parents and families to sup-
port their children. 
To pursue their passion for advocating for 
transgender and non binary young people, 
Jordan attended Drake University and grad-
uated in 2016 with degrees in Law, Politics 
and Society; Sociology; and Women and Gen-
der Studies. While at Drake, they were chosen 
to be the President of Rainbow Union, which 
is Drake’s LGBTQ+ organization. In this role, 
they helped establish the first all-gender bath-
room on campus. Additionally, Jordan collabo-
rated in writing Drake’s Transgender Inclusion 
Statement. To further their education, Jordan 
attended the University of North Carolina 
Charlotte and earned their graduate degree in 
Gender and Sexuality Studies. 
One project that Jordan is especially proud 
of is called Breathe, Learn, Act. This project is 
the first virtual care package for families of 
transgender and non-binary kids. The purpose 
of the care package is to learn about gender, 
your child who has come out, talking with your 
family and friends, and how to be a supportive 
parent. The project is part of My Kid Is Gay, 
an organization that helps parents of LGBTQ+ 
kids. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:39 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A22SE8.001
E22SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 140-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E966 
September 22, 2022 
Jordan’s favorite part of their job at Iowa 
Safe Schools is the kids. They enjoy helping 
empower youth to rise to the occasion and ad-
vocate for themselves. They also love teach-
ing and helping and having conversations with 
people who want to be supportive, but just 
need extra time to process and learn. In taking 
the time to help Iowans learn about and sup-
port one another, Jordan is helping our fami-
lies and communities grow stronger. 
Besides being passionate about advocating 
for transgender and non-binary kids, Jordan 
loves spending time with their wife and cat, 
hiking, watching women’s soccer, and prac-
ticing their professional barista skills. 
Jordan Mix is a tremendous example of 
someone who goes above and beyond. They 
promote community and inclusion, empower 
parents and loved ones, create innovative 
ways to connect with others and to educate, 
and provide a safe space for those who need 
support. Jordan’s work is crucial to Iowans 
and makes our communities a better place for 
everyone. I am so proud to honor Jordan Mix 
as Iowan of the Week. 
f 
HONORING 
THE 
SERVICE 
OF 
NORTH COUNTRY LEADER MAX 
THWAITS III 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, September 22, 2022 
Ms. STEFANIK. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to honor and remember the incredible 
life of Max Thwaits III. Mr. Thwaits dedicated 
his entire life to serving his country and the 
Essex County community. 
Mr. Thwaits graduated AuSable Valley Sen-
ior High School in 2001 and joined the United 
States Navy following the 9/11 attacks. For 
over four years, Mr. Thwaits served as a Dam-
age Controlman in Norfolk, Virginia. After leav-
ing the Navy, Thwaits turned his attention to-
wards his community and dedicated his life to 
working for the Essex County Office of Emer-
gency Services (OES). 
In 2007, Thwaits joined the Essex County 
Emergency Services as a public safety dis-
patcher. He was subsequently promoted to as-
sistant director and 911 coordinator in 2019. 
Last July, Thwaits was named OES Director in 
a promotion that was celebrated by first re-
sponders all over Essex County. 
During all his years at OES, Thwaits simul-
taneously volunteered with fire and ambulance 
companies in AuSable Forks and Jay. He was 
assistant chief with the Jay Volunteer Fire De-
partment and named their Firefighter of the 
Year in 2015. While president of the AuSable 
Forks Ambulance Service, Thwaits received 
the regional leadership award for Emergency 
Medical Services. In addition to his numerous 
community 
responsibilities, 
Thwaits 
also 
served as an Intelligence Liaison Officer for 
the Department of Homeland Security. 
Mr. Thwaits served as a mentor and leader 
to all those he worked with, and he will be 
dearly missed by his community. His life is a 
glowing example of everything that is good 
about selfless service in the North Country. 
His legacy will live on in the hearts of his part-
ner, Lori Kilburn, his children, his parents, and 
everyone who had the pleasure of knowing 
him. On behalf of New York’s 21st Congres-
sional District, it is my honor to remember and 
celebrate the life of Max Thwaits III. 
f 
INAUGURATION OF DR. ROBERT D. 
KELLY AS THE UNIVERSITY OF 
PORTLAND’S 21ST PRESIDENT 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, September 22, 2022 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Madam Speaker, it is 
my honor and pleasure to extend my personal 
congratulations to an exceptional educator and 
outstanding constituent, Dr. Robert D. Kelly as 
he celebrates inauguration as the University of 
Portland’s 21st President, first Black president, 
and first lay president. 
Dr. Robert Kelly has more than 25 years of 
experience working in higher education. A 
1994 graduate of Loyola University, Dr. Kelly 
served on the University’s Board of Trustees 
from 2003 to 2017 while serving in key leader-
ship roles at institutions including Union Col-
lege, Loyola University Chicago, and Seattle 
University. He has been a champion for stu-
dents in various roles from athletics to min-
istry, community service to equity and inclu-
sion. Dr. Kelly received his Ph.D. in Education 
Policy, Planning, and Administration from the 
University of Maryland and his master’s de-
gree in Higher Education and Student Affairs 
Administration from the University of Vermont. 
Dr. Kelly is assuming this leadership mantel 
at an instrumental time for the City of Port-
land, Multnomah County, and the State of Or-
egon. We are happy to have him and look for-
ward to his leadership. 
On behalf of Oregon’s Third Congressional 
District: Welcome to Portland, Dr. Kelly. Go Pi-
lots. 
f 
HOMETOWN HERO—CRYSTAL 
SCANIO 
HON. BETH VAN DUYNE 
OF TEXAS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, September 22, 2022 
Ms. VAN DUYNE. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize our Texas-24 Hometown 
Hero of the Week, Crystal Scanio, for her 
dedication to improving the lives of students 
and teachers in the Irving ISD school system. 
Since 2012, Crystal has been an integral 
part of Irving Schools Foundation, a nonprofit 
that provides financial resources to maximize 
educational opportunities for teachers and stu-
dents in Irving ISD by funding innovative pro-
grams, scholarships, and activities. 
Her work on Irving Schools Foundation’s 
‘‘Food for Thought’’ program has helped pro-
vide 1,400 food bags to North Texas students 
facing food insecurity. 
Crystal has also played an integral role in 
their ‘‘Spark Tank’’ program, a competitive 
grant program that awards funds for innovative 
classroom projects and learning experiences 
for students of all ages across Irving ISD. 
Since Crystal joined Irving Schools Founda-
tion, she has helped fund 303 projects rep-
resenting over $1 million, impacting over 
180,000 students, teachers, and staff. 
Crystal has gone above and beyond to en-
sure the next generation of North Texans is 
set up for success. On behalf of the entire 
community, I’d like to thank Crystal for her 
work and look forward to seeing the incredible 
impact she has made on Texas-24. 
f 
THOMAS BESSER 
HON. JEFFERSON VAN DREW 
OF NEW JERSEY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, September 22, 2022 
Mr. VAN DREW. Madam Speaker, in July, I 
had 
the 
pleasure 
of 
attending 
Thomas 
Besser’s Eagle Scout Court of Honor cere-
mony. Thomas is from Tabernacle, South Jer-
sey and graduated from Seneca High School 
this year. He is currently a cadet at Norwich 
University, where he is on a four-year ROTC 
scholarship and studies Political Science. In 
addition to the ROTC program and his aca-
demics, Thomas is also on the University’s 
football team. After graduation, he aspires to 
become an officer in the Army and then pos-
sibly run for public office one day. For his 
Eagle Scout project, Thomas built a large 
shelving unit for the Atco Christian Preschool, 
of which he is an alumnus. This shelving unit 
made the school’s storage room more func-
tional for the faculty and teachers. Thomas 
should be proud of his achievements, and I 
wish him the best of luck in all his future en-
deavors. God Bless Thomas, and God Bless 
our United States of America. 
f 
HONORING LOWELL SACHNOFF 
HON. JANICE D. SCHAKOWSKY 
OF ILLINOIS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, September 22, 2022 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Lowell Sachnoff, renowned 
fighter for justice, who will be receiving the 
2022 Justice John Paul Stevens Award on 
September 29, 2022. The Stevens Award, pre-
sented by The Chicago Bar Association and 
Chicago Bar Foundation, is the highest and 
most prestigious award that is presented an-
nually to lawyers and judges whose career 
best exemplifies the distinguished career of 
United States Supreme Court Justice John 
Paul Stevens. 
Lowell Sachnoff was born on Maxwell Street 
in Chicago, the son of Ukrainian immigrants 
who fled Eastern Europe, settled in Chicago, 
and raised their family during the Great De-
pression. He was inspired to become a lawyer 
by his grandparents’ stories about how terrible 
life was in a lawless society. Since graduating 
from Harvard Law School in 1957, Mr. 
Sachnoff has been on two parallel tracks: 
doing well and doing good. 
He has had a long and successful legal ca-
reer in Chicago. After a few years at Ross, 
McGowan, and O’Keefe, he was appointed 
General Counsel for the Illinois Department of 
Mental Health, where he overhauled the state 
mental health code to expand the rights of the 
mentally ill and worked with the medical com-
munity to bring treatment of the mentally ill 
into the 20th century. 
In the early 1960s, Mr. Sachnoff established 
the law firm of Sachnoff & Weaver with a few 
friends. As he puts it, ‘‘We had a vision. We 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:39 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A22SE8.005
E22SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 141-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E967 
September 22, 2022 
wanted to do well, because we were young 
and had growing families, but we also wanted 
to do good. As the firm grew to 130 lawyers, 
we found that we could still do both; after our 
merger with Reed Smith, the firm encouraged 
us to stay on the same path.’’ 
On that path, Mr. Sachnoff was a successful 
securities 
and 
antitrust 
lawyer, 
winning 
groundbreaking 
price-fixing 
and 
takeover 
cases. But he also advocated for the wrong-
fully incarcerated, for women, minorities, the 
poor, and society’s most vulnerable. 
In 2006, Sachnoff & Weaver was one of the 
first firms to represent Guantanamo Bay de-
tainees. Lowell and his colleagues helped suc-
cessfully negotiate the release of three pris-
oners who had been held for many years with-
out being charged with any crime. He also liti-
gated women’s rights issues, winning a jury 
verdict in the 1980s against the City of Chi-
cago allowing police officers to routinely strip 
search women for minor traffic violations and 
represented a class of women’s health clinics, 
obtaining a celebrated jury verdict and nation-
wide injunction in 1998 against forcible block-
ades of clinic entrances. 
Now 
retired 
as 
a 
corporate 
litigator, 
Sachnoff continues to volunteer on public in-
terest matters, most notably working with Sen-
ator DICK DURBIN and his staff toward closing 
the Guantanamo prison, thus removing a 
moral and legal stain on our country, and to 
release patients unlawfully held in state mental 
hospitals. 
Lowell Sachnoff is a cherished friend, men-
tor, and advisor. He works alongside his wife, 
Fay Clayton, also an accomplished retired 
lawyer and women’s rights advocate. My hus-
band, Robert Creamer, and I have enjoyed the 
privilege of their friendship, wisdom, kindness, 
and 
insights. 
Congratulations 
to 
Lowell 
Sachnoff on this well-deserved recognition. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DR. STEVE 
MURRAY 
HON. RICHARD E. NEAL 
OF MASSACHUSETTS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, September 22, 2022 
Mr. NEAL. Madam Speaker, I would like to 
take this opportunity to extend my warmest 
congratulations to Dr. Steve Murray on receiv-
ing the ‘‘Lifetime Achievement’’ award from Al-
bany Pro Musica. A devoted instrumentalist, 
vocalist, teacher, and composer, Dr. Murray’s 
remarkable contributions to Albany Pro Mu-
sica, the choral arts, and western Massachu-
setts’ performing arts community have earned 
him this well-deserved honor. 
For more than twenty years, Dr. Murray has 
been involved with Albany Pro Musica, the 
northeast’s preeminent choral ensemble. Origi-
nally joining the group as a singer in 2002, he 
has invigorated western Massachusetts with 
his talents, creating special compositions and 
arrangements for the group. He was the inau-
gural composer when their composer-in-resi-
dence program was first launched in 2015 and 
remains in that position today. 
Dr. Murray’s work with Albany Pro Musica 
has been transformative for both the organiza-
tion and the audiences it serves. An accom-
plished composer, his works have been recog-
nized at major national and international com-
position contests. As a long-time resident of 
the Berkshires, he has brought his experience 
and knowledge back to his community, teach-
ing music theory, song writing, and computer 
music notation at Berkshire Community Col-
lege. 
Madam Speaker, in light of Dr. Steve 
Murray’s many achievements and remarkable 
contributions to the First District of Massachu-
setts, I wish to congratulate him once again on 
being presented the ‘‘Lifetime Achievement’’ 
award by Albany Pro Musica. Dr. Murray has 
devoted his life to the creation and perform-
ance of music and has undoubtedly played a 
pivotal role in shaping the performing arts cul-
ture throughout the Commonwealth. I am de-
lighted to join with his family, friends, and the 
entire western Massachusetts community in 
thanking him for his many years of dedicated 
service. 
f 
CELEBRATING PACIFIC GROVE 
MASON LODGE 
HON. JIMMY PANETTA 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, September 22, 2022 
Mr. PANETTA. Madam Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the Pacific Grove Masonic Lodge 
as it celebrates 125 years of service to the 
people of the Central Coast. For over a cen-
tury, the Lodge has fostered the belief that 
each person has a responsibility to help make 
the world a better place. Through personal de-
velopment, philanthropy, and community serv-
ice, the fraternity has upheld integral objec-
tives of promoting ethics, personal growth, tol-
erance, education, diversity, philanthropy, fam-
ily, and community. 
Charted by the Grand Lodge of California 
on February 12, 1897, Grand Master of the 
Masons in California William T. Lucas granted 
dispersions to the Pacific Grove Masonic 
Lodge on April 27, 1897. Becoming the 331st 
Masonic Lodge in California, the Pacific Grove 
Masonic Lodge supported local Freemasons’ 
efforts to establish community advocacy and 
support. The founders of the Lodge were pre-
dominant leaders of Pacific Grove business 
community. Members have included past City 
Council members California state-elected dig-
nitaries. Among these men were Mr. Russell 
Giles, the longest-tenured tax collector in the 
state’s history, and Mr. Daniel Turrentine, a 
local antique dealer and World War II pilot, 
who served as Lodge Master. 
In 1950, the Pacific Grove Masonic Lodge, 
after a period of meeting in the building that 
now houses the Pacific Grove Art Association, 
broke ground on the Masonic Temple of Pa-
cific Grove. The construction used salvaged 
material from the recently decommissioned 
Pacific Grove Station of the Southern Pacific 
Railroad. 
Over the last 125 years, the Pacific Grove 
Masonic Lodge has emphasized the impor-
tance of respecting others’ opinions and striv-
ing to grow and develop as human beings. 
Pacific Grove Masonic Lodge has donated 
over $60,000 to Pacific Grove High School, 
sponsored Little League teams, supported 
local organizations like First Friday Pacific 
Grove and the Heritage Society of Pacific 
Grove, and it is also home to the new Con-
servatory of Geometry and Music. 
Madam Speaker, it is my pleasure to recog-
nize the history, dedication, and contributions 
of the Pacific Grove Masonic Lodge to the 
Central Coast. I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing the Pacific Grove Masonic 
Lodge for its invaluable place in Pacific 
Grove’s history. 
f 
HONORING MR. LANDON VICTOR 
BUTLER 
HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
OF TEXAS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, September 22, 2022 
Mr. BURGESS. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize a man whose philanthropy 
and dedication to the Washington, D.C. com-
munity is an admirable example of a life of 
service. 
On October 3, 2022, Mr. Landon Victor But-
ler will be honored by the Shakespeare The-
atre Company (STC) with the company’s 2022 
Sidney Harman Award for Philanthropy in the 
Arts, recognizing his exceptional support for 
the theater—and Washington, D.C. at large— 
over the past four decades. One of the na-
tion’s leading arts organizations, the Tony 
Award-winning Shakespeare Theatre Com-
pany is synonymous with dramatic excellence 
and devoted to making classical theater more 
accessible, both on a local and national level. 
Mr. Butler has played a dedicated and pivotal 
role in achieving their goals, as well as the 
goals of many other honorable efforts, by uti-
lizing his many years of public service to col-
laborate with business, government, and arts 
organizations for the betterment of his city, his 
region, and his country. 
Mr. Butler has served on STC’s Board of 
Trustees since 1997, serving a decade as 
Chairman. During his tenure as Chair, Mr. But-
ler helped oversee the planning, construction, 
and opening of the theater’s state-of-the-art 
Sidney Harman Hall in 2007. He also spear-
headed the creation of District Shakespeare, 
an ambitious arts education program that in-
vites every Washington, D.C. public high 
school student to experience at least one live 
classical theater performance before gradua-
tion. 
A native of Memphis, TN and an Officer in 
the US Marine Corps who proudly served his 
country for three years during the Vietnam 
War, Mr. Butler started his career building af-
fordable housing in the Atlanta area in the 
early 1970’s. During this time, he became cen-
trally involved in Governor Jimmy Carter’s 
presidential campaign, and he has been an 
active part of the D.C. community since arriv-
ing here for the inauguration of President Car-
ter in 1977. As President Carter’s Deputy 
Chief of Staff, he facilitated communications 
across a broad array of Administration-wide 
task forces that were formed to support Car-
ter-Mondale initiatives, playing lead roles in 
the Panama Canal Treaty and SALT II ratifica-
tion efforts. In 1981, Mr. Butler co-founded the 
Multi-Employer Property Trust, one of the na-
tion’s largest commercial real estate commin-
gled funds, serving U.S., Canadian and Euro-
pean pension plans. He was also a founder of 
the first private venture capital fund in eastern 
Europe following the collapse of the Soviet 
Union, and he served as President of the in-
vestor relations firm Landon Butler and Com-
pany until his retirement in 2010. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:39 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A22SE8.010
E22SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 142-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E968 
September 22, 2022 
A proud graduate of Washington & Lee Uni-
versity and Harvard Business School, Mr. But-
ler has spent a lifetime in service to his com-
munity, admirably leveraging his strengths in 
business, government, and non-profit organi-
zations to improve countless facets of life in 
the Washington, D.C. region and beyond. In 
addition to his tireless dedication to the 
Shakespeare Theatre Company and arts edu-
cation, Mr. Butler has also devoted his time 
and attention to many other philanthropic ef-
forts, most notably as a founder of Integrity 
Initiatives International (the leading advocate 
for the creation of an International Anti-Corrup-
tion Court) and as a director on the Board of 
the Piedmont Journalism Foundation (a Vir-
ginia non-profit organization, with the mission 
of providing nonpartisan in-depth news cov-
erage of important local issues). 
An avid western horseman with multiple 
Quarter Horse Competition ribbons and buck-
les to his name, Mr. Butler is also a faithful 
conservationist, with over 20 years commit-
ment to protecting ranching lands and tradi-
tions in West Texas alone. In partnership with 
Texas’ legendary horseman and rancher Mr. 
Buster Welch, Mr. Butler and two lifelong 
friends, Mr. Henry Turley and Mr. Meredith 
McCullar, worked together to protect 25,000 
acres of prime West Texas cow country called 
the Double Mountain River Ranch, near 
Rotan, TX. Their shared love of land steward-
ship enabled Mr. Welch to further practice his 
celebrated reverence for and expertise in time- 
honored and proven ranching traditions. Mr. 
Welch, who is in the National Cutting Horse 
Association (NCHA) Riders Hall of Fame, 
NCHA Members Hall of Fame and American 
Quarter Horse Association (AQHA) Hall of 
Fame, and Texas Cowboy Hall of Fame, was 
a four-time NCHA World Champion and won 
the NCHA Futurity a record five times. In July 
of this year, Mr. Butler, Mr. Turley, and Mr. 
McCullar established the Texas Tech Univer-
sity ‘‘Buster and Sheila Welch Excellence in 
Conservation of Natural Resources Scholar-
ship Endowment,’’ in memory of the legendary 
Texas horseman and his wife. 
Long before he discovered the beauty of 
Texas horse country, Mr. Butler was instru-
mental in protecting the treasured Cumberland 
Island, off the coast of Georgia, working with 
a team of dedicated preservationists to facili-
tate the creation of the Cumberland Island Na-
tional Seashore in the early 1970s. This effort 
not only protected the island’s pristine land 
and historic landmarks from encroaching de-
velopment, but also created public access to 
its beauty. More recently, Mr. Butler has dedi-
cated his energy to land conservation in Vir-
ginia horse country, working to celebrate and 
preserve the area’s land, arts, and other tradi-
tions as a tireless leader in various community 
initiatives and organizations, including the Na-
tional Sporting Library & Museum in Middle-
burg, VA. 
At the gala honoring Mr. Butler’s contribu-
tion to the Shakespeare Theatre Company 
and Philanthropy in the Arts, he will be joined 
by his proud family, including his wife of 32 
years Carol, and his four children: Margaret 
(Marcy) Butler (husband Ryan Compton), 
Jamie Butler (wife Carolyn Kleiner Butler), 
Headley Butler (wife Noa Gimelli), and Sarah 
Stettinius (husband Ted Stettinius). 
Madam Speaker, Mr. Butler has shown un-
wavering leadership throughout his life in dedi-
cation to his country and numerous philan-
thropic endeavors, and his service to his coun-
try is a testament to his character and gen-
erosity. Landon Butler’s consistent and tireless 
commitment to his community and his values 
embodies the very spirit of service and today 
I ask that we celebrate this fine citizen of our 
country. I congratulate him on this well-de-
served recognition and thank him for his con-
tributions to the betterment of his fellow citi-
zens. 
f 
CELEBRATING 
THE 
150TH 
ANNI-
VERSARY 
OF 
COLORADO 
SPRINGS SCHOOL DISTRICT 11 
HON. DOUG LAMBORN 
OF COLORADO 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, September 22, 2022 
Mr. LAMBORN. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to celebrate Colorado Springs School 
District 11’s 150th Anniversary. 
Colorado Springs School District 11 was es-
tablished in 1872, when Mary ‘‘Queen’’ Palm-
er, the wife of General William Palmer, the 
founder of Colorado Springs, started a small 
school at the corner of Cascade and Bijou 
streets. District 11, the oldest school district in 
the Pikes Peak region, sits in the heart of 
downtown Colorado Springs. 
In the beginning, District 11 averaged 21 
square miles when it was established. Now, 
the ever-growing district spans roughly 73 
square miles across Colorado Springs. District 
11 encompasses 4.4 million square feet of fa-
cilities, all on 711 acres. The district’s first 
graduating class in 1879 had five students. 
The graduating class in 2022 had 1,450 stu-
dents. 
Colorado Springs School District 11 is de-
fined by its innovation, diversity, commitment 
to service, and passion for helping students 
grow and succeed. The district’s alumni in-
clude entrepreneur and philanthropist Fannie 
Mae Duncan; Olympic Gold Medalists Henry 
Cejudo, Adam Goucher, and Haleigh Wash-
ington; NFL stars Terry Miller, Daryl Pollard, 
and Cullen Bryant; and Pro Baseball Hall of 
Famer Goose Gossage. 
From the classrooms, to the school buses, 
the athletic fields, and playgrounds, District 11 
has provided young minds with opportunities 
to learn, grow, succeed, and give back to their 
community. Its students thrive academically 
and consistently demonstrate leadership on 
the domestic and global stages. 
Madam Speaker, I ask that my colleagues 
in Congress join me in congratulating the past 
and present educators, administration, support 
staff, and board members of Colorado Springs 
School District 11. 
Here is to 150 years of providing quality 
education to children in Colorado’s 5th Con-
gressional District. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE LITTLE 
THEATRE 
OF 
WILKES-BARRE’S 
100TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, September 22, 2022 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Madam Speaker, today 
I honor the Little Theatre of Wilkes-Barre’s 
100th anniversary. The occasion will be cele-
brated on Friday, September 23, 2022 with a 
gala. 
In keeping with the tradition of the 1920s 
and 1930s to have community ‘‘little theaters’’ 
for professional development and self-expres-
sion, the Drama League opened its doors in 
1923. At the former Coughlin High School 
building in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania, the 
curtain came up on a production of Rudyard 
Kipling’s The Elephant Child directed by Mollie 
Weston Kent to kick off the Theatre’s inau-
gural season. The League was renamed the 
Little Theater of Wilkes-Barre in 1928 and was 
incorporated as a non-profit organization 
501(c)3 by Judge Valentine the following year. 
In 1956, Little Theatre of Wilkes-Bane pur-
chased a playhouse located at 537 North Main 
Street in Wilkes-Barre and officially took resi-
dence in the space in 1957. The Pennsylvania 
Theater Association approved the building for 
production because of the impressive stage 
and equipment facilities in 1972. The Thea-
tre’s iconic features were generously donated 
and supported by many community members 
and founders. Dorothy Dickson Darte, one of 
the Theatre’s founders, gifted the current light-
ing board built by Fuchs, a renowned stage 
lighting expert. Annette Evans gifted the stage 
curtains, and her love of the theatre has ex-
tended to her foundation providing grants for 
the Theatre for years after her death. 
Since 1923, the Little Theatre has of Wilkes- 
Barre has reached more than two million peo-
ple through hundreds of productions. The The-
atre is still ranked among the top ten ‘‘little 
theater’’ groups and remains one of the long-
est continuously running community theatres 
in the country. As a charter member of the 
American National Theatre and Academy, the 
Theatre has been deeply committed to col-
laborating with other local theatrical groups 
and bringing high caliber performances to their 
stage. Despite changes to the entertainment 
landscape, the Little Theatre of Wilkes-Barre 
has remained dedicated to showcasing local 
talent in musicals, comedies, and dramas on 
its stage every season. 
I am honored to join with the Little Theatre 
of Wilkes-Barre to celebrate its 100th anniver-
sary. May it continue to inspire local actors 
and creatives to get involved in community 
theater, and may it welcome audiences for 
many years to come. 
f 
HONORING WILLIAM ‘‘BILL’’ 
HYSLOP 
HON. DAN NEWHOUSE 
OF WASHINGTON 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, September 22, 2022 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to honor William ‘‘Bill’’ Hyslop, a cham-
pion for justice and a dedicated public servant 
to Washington State and the country. 
Bill, a Washington State University alumnus, 
served as U.S. Attorney for Eastern Wash-
ington under President H.W. Bush and Presi-
dent Trump, the only person to hold this posi-
tion for two separate terms. 
His resume does not stop there—Bill served 
as President of the Washington State Bar As-
sociation and principal at Lukins & Annis, a 
Spokane-based law firm, and played a critical 
role in our work to address the missing and 
murdered indigenous women (MMIW) crisis. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:39 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00004
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A22SE8.013
E22SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 143-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E969 
September 22, 2022 
In his most recent efforts as U.S. Attorney, 
he worked tirelessly to combat fentanyl traf-
ficking and continued this effort as a founding 
member of the Spokane Alliance for Fentanyl 
Education until he passed away earlier this 
month. 
Bill’s commitment and passion for serving 
his community and country are inspiring. His 
death is truly a loss to Washington State, and 
we will miss him greatly. 
f 
ISABELLA GATTO 
HON. JEFFERSON VAN DREW 
OF NEW JERSEY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, September 22, 2022 
Mr. VAN DREW. Madam Speaker, In July, 
I had the pleasure of attending Isabella 
Gatto’s Eagle Scout Court of Honor ceremony. 
Throughout her scouting career, Isabella par-
ticipated in the merit badge program, practiced 
leadership tactics, worked with other scouts on 
outdoor projects, and completed her Eagle 
Scout project. For her Eagle Scout project, 
she led a team to construct a GaGa ball pit. 
Isabella built this ball pit for the youth group at 
the Greentree Church in Egg Harbor Town-
ship, South Jersey. In addition to her Eagle 
Scout project, she also completed lifeguard 
certification training and the National Ad-
vanced Youth Leadership Experience, the 
highest level of leadership training available to 
the Scouts of America. Isabella should be 
proud of her scouting achievements, and it 
was a pleasure to attend her Eagle Scout 
ceremony. God Bless Isabella, and God Bless 
our America. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE GRAND OPEN-
ING OF THE ANGELO JOSEPH 
CAMARATO FOUNDATION 
HON. MIKE BOST 
OF ILLINOIS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, September 22, 2022 
Mr. BOST. Madam Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate the Angelo Joseph Camarato 
Foundation on their grand opening. This new 
foundation, which bears the name of Sergeant 
Major Angelo Joseph Camarato, is dedicated 
to helping end food insecurity for veterans. 
SGM Camarato to was a first generation 
American, born in Herrin, Illinois on August 7, 
1919. Shortly after the attack on Pearl Harbor, 
SGM Camarato bravely answered the call to 
service, enlisting in the U.S. Army in 1942 and 
beginning a long and inspiring career of mili-
tary service. During his 24 years in the mili-
tary, which included campaigns in Salerno, 
France, 
Naples-Foggia, 
Rome-Arno, 
the 
Rhineland, and Central Europe in World War 
II, as well as the Korean and Vietnam wars, 
SGM Camarato earned three Purple Hearts 
and a Bronze Star. In addition, his battalion 
was the first to use self-propelled Howitzer. 
After returning home from World War II, 
SGM Camarato married Mary Lou Peffer, and 
they raised their three children in Herrin. As a 
member of the American Legion, VFW, Ea-
gles, and Knights of Columbus, he continued 
to serve his community long after he hung up 
his uniform. Today, the Angelo Joseph 
Camarato Foundation continues his legacy by 
providing ready-to-eat meals for Southern Illi-
nois veterans. 
Madam Speaker, please join me in recog-
nizing the grand opening of the Angelo Joseph 
Camarato Foundation as they proudly honor 
and continue the selfless service SGM 
Camarato exemplified throughout his life. 
f 
CELEBRATING DELGADO COMMU-
NITY COLLEGE FOR 100 YEARS 
OF SERVICE TO THE NEW ORLE-
ANS REGION 
HON. TROY A. CARTER 
OF LOUISIANA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, September 22, 2022 
Mr. CARTER of Louisiana. Madam Speaker, 
today I rise to pay tribute to Delgado Commu-
nity College as it celebrates 100 years of serv-
ice to the New Orleans Region. The oldest 
and largest community college in Louisiana, 
Delgado offers students the most comprehen-
sive array of education and training services 
available in the New Orleans region. Addition-
ally, Delgado has articulation agreements with 
most of the state’s four-year colleges and uni-
versities that allow students to transfer their 
Delgado credits to bachelor’s degree pro-
grams. As well as offering degrees and trans-
ferable college credits, Delgado provides di-
plomas and certificates in many professional 
and technical areas. Workforce development 
is a priority at Delgado, hence the college’s 
well-known motto: ‘‘Education that works!’’ 
Delgado opened officially on September 13, 
1921, as the Isaac Delgado Central Trades 
School, at 615 City Park Avenue in New Orle-
ans. During its first century, the school 
evolved into Louisiana’s first comprehensive 
community college and became one of the 
state’s largest higher education institutions. 
The college has helped to educate genera-
tions while advancing the aviation, construc-
tion, culinary, health care, maritime, and other 
industries. Delgado serves a diverse popu-
lation, providing career training, academic 
education, and programs to improve the lives 
of students and support the New Orleans re-
gion. 
For 100 years, Delgado has remained true 
to its mission of providing post-secondary edu-
cation that is relevant and positions graduates 
for rewarding careers in our region’s key in-
dustries. Delgado communicates constantly 
with their business and industry partners to 
ensure that they provide relevant, world-class 
training. 
Isaac Delgado’s original gift of $800,000 in 
1921 to establish the Delgado Trades School 
has produced today’s economic powerhouse 
for the region. Now, this investment in 
Delgado generates over $10 in economic ac-
tivity for every $1 appropriated and has a total 
annual economic impact of $588 million. 
Students attend Delgado because they wel-
come them all and meet them where they are. 
The best and brightest come attend Delgado 
for college degrees that prepare them for ca-
reers or additional education at a four-year 
school. Those who need help to find their 
paths forward—including non-traditional stu-
dents and those needing additional exposure 
to college fundamentals—find a nurturing envi-
ronment at Delgado where they can thrive. Ev-
erything they do at Delgado is focused on the 
student—they help them succeed at whatever 
goals a student may have. 
Delgado’s reputation for educational excel-
lence is growing both nationally and in Lou-
isiana. Of the Top 50 community colleges in 
the nation, Intelligent.com ranks Delgado at 
No. 37. Given that there were 1,187 commu-
nity colleges in the survey, that is quite an 
achievement. No other community college in 
Louisiana made the Top 50. The availability of 
these and other rankings online are helpful to 
those looking to Delgado to prepare for a ca-
reer, additional study, and all of the other op-
portunities that a strong educational founda-
tion opens up for Delgado students. 
Delgado Community College is a Southern 
Association of Colleges and Schools Com-
mittee on Colleges (SACSCOC) accredited in-
stitution, affiliated with the Louisiana Commu-
nity and Technical College System with 
32,631 students enrolled; a faculty of nearly 
900 full-time/part-time faculty members; more 
than 100 areas of study leading to degrees 
and certificates, located on seven campuses 
throughout the Greater New Orleans Region 
and online. 
Earlier this year, Labor Secretary Marty 
Walsh visited New Orleans to participate in a 
roundtable discussion on investing in and im-
proving conditions in the resilience worker and 
restoration economy at this campus. The 
strength of the American economy depends 
on the strength and resiliency of our work-
force. We must ensure that as we grow our 
economy, we empower and invest in our work-
force to include more diverse voices and wel-
come workers and businesses from all con-
stituencies into critical, growing sectors. We 
were able to highlight a model example of in-
creasing inclusion into the resilience economy 
Force’s 
efforts 
to 
employ 
historically 
marginalized or underemployed communities 
with good-paying jobs. Delgado is a great ex-
ample of this investment. I look forward to 
what they have in store as they begin their 
next 100 years. 
f 
CELEBRATING WATSONVILLE 
COMMUNITY BAND 
HON. JIMMY PANETTA 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, September 22, 2022 
Mr. PANETTA. Madam Speaker, I rise today 
to celebrate the 75th Anniversary of the 
Watsonville Community Band and their mis-
sion to provide members the opportunity to 
play music, both for their enjoyment and edu-
cation, and the entertainment of our commu-
nity on the central coast of California. 
On February 23, 1947, the then-called 
Watsonville Sciots Band held their first re-
hearsal at Watsonville High School. With just 
15 members and their conductor, Ralph ‘‘Slip’’ 
Bohnett, the band performed for the first time 
at Watsonville’s Independence Day Parade on 
July 4, 1947 and held their first concert at the 
Watsonville City Plaza on August 10, 1947. 
Since its humble beginnings, over the past 
seven and a half decades, the Watsonville 
Community Band has given more than 1,500 
public performances and amassed 325 First 
Place Awards out of the 337 times in parade 
competitions. The Band has appeared in al-
most every major parade on the West Coast 
and marched in over 500 parades. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:39 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00005
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A22SE8.016
E22SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 144-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E970 
September 22, 2022 
The Watsonville Community Band has per-
formed at fairs, parks, hospitals, festivals, and 
several televised concerts. It has served as 
representatives 
for 
the 
California-Nevada 
Lions Clubs at the International Convention of 
Lions Clubs in Chicago and performed at the 
Calgary Stampede Parade, a widely attended 
annual event in Calgary, Alberta, Canada. 
Notably, the Watsonville Community Band 
has performed for President Bill Clinton on 
three occasions: at California State University, 
Monterey Bay, at the National Oceans Con-
ference in Monterey, and at the July 4th Con-
cert at the White House in Washington, D.C. 
Since their first rehearsal, the Watsonville 
Community Band has represented the vibrant 
spirit of the community of Watsonville by deliv-
ering enriching performances across the Cen-
tral Coast and around the world. 
Madam Speaker, I offer my utmost appre-
ciation to all members of the Watsonville Com-
munity Band, both past and present, and their 
75 years of service to the Central Coast. 
f 
HONORING THE GOLDEN ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE GERALD R. FORD 
FEDERAL BUILDING AND COURT-
HOUSE 
HON. PETER MEIJER 
OF MICHIGAN 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, September 22, 2022 
Mr. MEIJER. Madam Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the anniversary of Grand Rapids’ 
own Gerald R. Ford Federal Building and 
United States Courthouse, which for 50 years 
has been emblematic to the people of West 
Michigan as a stronghold of service, integrity, 
and trust. 
Originally opened to the public in September 
of 1972, the Grand Rapids Federal Building 
carried no name. At that time, the possibility of 
a federal building being named after our then- 
5th District Representative Ford crossed the 
minds of few, let alone the future 38th Presi-
dent of the United States. It wasn’t until 1975, 
under H.R. 11897, that a bipartisan effort 
spearheaded by the 93rd Congress to rename 
the building after him was presented to Presi-
dent Ford himself. 
Displaying the humility that his legacy re-
flects time and time again, especially today, 
President Ford vetoed H.R. 11897, citing that 
it would be ‘‘improper’’ to approve legislation 
that places his name on a federal building. 
‘‘This,’’ he argued, ‘‘is a precedent I do not 
wish to establish.’’ President Ford continued in 
his memorandum that ‘‘office buildings which 
house the functions of Government should not 
be used as monuments to Federal officials, 
but rather as workshops for the people’s busi-
ness.’’ 
Not long after Ford’s brief—but impactful— 
time in office came to a close, President 
Jimmy Carter signed into law Senate Resolu-
tion 385, which officially named the office and 
courthouse in honor of his predecessor. Presi-
dent Ford built a towering legacy of devoting 
his will to the people who offered him and his 
wife, Betty, their trust after a difficult period in 
our history where uncertainty and deception 
nearly redefined our national identity. 
Over the past 50 years, the office has been 
home to many tenants belonging to all 
branches of government. I am proud to share 
this space with my colleague in the U.S. Sen-
ate, Senator GARY PETERS, with distinguished 
jurists, and with the many honest and endear-
ing employees who have devoted their careers 
to ensuring that the office can successfully 
serve as a welcoming place of leadership and 
order. I am grateful to the law enforcement of-
ficers who have sacrificed their time to protect 
the federal business which is necessary to the 
success of our community. 
Madam Speaker, it is my distinct honor not 
only to have been a tenant of the space, but 
to take this time to recognize the history and 
all-around good work of those who are instru-
mental in leading our Nation from the local 
level on up. 
f 
HONORING MICHAEL RAY 
HON. J. LUIS CORREA 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, September 22, 2022 
Mr. CORREA. Madam Speaker, I rise today 
to honor Michael Ray. He has been honored 
with the 2022 Spirit of Discovery Award for his 
incredible gifts of time, diligence, and unwav-
ering commitment to The Discovery Cube’s 
purpose of being a place of purpose, and 
working to inspire, educate, and impact. 
As an Orange County native who attended 
Occidental College as an undergraduate and 
earned his MBA from USC, Michael Ray has 
played an integral role in shaping Orange 
County’s science, technology, education, and 
cultural landscape for over 25 years. He was 
instrumental in founding the Discovery Cube 
Orange County and the Orange County 
School of the Arts, two long-standing institu-
tions he fought for and worked hard to secure 
critical funding and lines of credit to assist with 
their initial launches and then successfully 
thrive. 
At the Discovery Cube Orange County, Mi-
chael has been involved with each major 
phase of the organization’s development and 
growth, dating back to 1985, the beginning of 
the Cube. Back then, Michael was a part of 
the Art Spaces Irvine Board that hired leg-
endary market consultant Buzz Price (who as-
sisted with the initial creation of Disneyland) to 
determine if Orange County was a large 
enough market to create and support a 
science center. The result was positive, and 
the idea of the Discovery Science Center (now 
the Discovery Cube) was on its way. Along 
the journey, Michael met with various local 
elected officials, state legislators, and govern-
ment officials to build public support for the 
project. Combined with the work of other early 
board members, the Science Center success-
fully opened its doors officially in Santa Ana in 
1998. Michael has been a Cube Champion at 
each major campus expansion campaign and 
is still very active today as the Cube enters a 
new chapter of growth. 
Michael was also the founding chairman of 
the Great Park Conservancy and, early on, 
was an advocate for bringing Discovery 
Cube’s programming to the park. He also 
helped co-found the Sage Hill School in New-
port Beach and, along with the late Richard 
O’Neil and David Stein, the Democratic Foun-
dation of Orange County. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in recog-
nizing Michael Ray and all the work that he 
has done for everyone in the community. 
HONORING THE RETIREMENT OF 
KEITH SWARTZENTRUBER 
HON. DARIN LaHOOD 
OF ILLINOIS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, September 22, 2022 
Mr. LAHOOD. Madam Speaker, I would like 
to congratulate Keith Swartzentruber, the ex-
ecutive director of Snyder Village, who is retir-
ing after 34 wonderful years of service across 
Central Illinois. 
Keith Swartzentruber joined the staff as an 
administrator of Snyder Village when it opened 
its doors in 1988 and has held the position of 
executive director at Snyder Village for the last 
17 years. Under his leadership, Snyder Village 
has grown from a modest organization offering 
a health center and six independent living cot-
tages to the full-life plan community that it is 
today. Currently, over 400 residents call Sny-
der Village home, and roughly 240 staff mem-
bers make up the Snyder Village team. Span-
ning over 48 acres, Snyder Village now en-
compasses a skilled nursing health center, as-
sisted living, home care services, inpatient and 
outpatient therapy, and a retirement commu-
nity with 40 apartments and 170 cottages. 
As a true servant leader, Keith encourages 
and supports staff to embody the Snyder Vil-
lage mission statement: to provide for the 
physical, emotional, and spiritual needs of oth-
ers in a loving, dignified, and Christian atmos-
phere. Keith exemplifies the high level of care 
and service which has made Snyder Village 
the remarkable place it is. He can often be 
found visiting with residents and staff mem-
bers, ensuring they feel valued and cared for. 
His leadership and service have been recog-
nized by his peers and the community through 
several awards, including the Life Services 
Network Leadership Recognition Award. 
Our community has been fortunate to ben-
efit from the service and leadership of Keith 
Swartzentruber. I extend my sincere congratu-
lations to Keith on his 34 years of service at 
Snyder Village. I wish him much success as 
he continues to lead a life of service to the 
Metamora community and central Illinois. 
f 
ADDITIONAL NAMES FOR CONSID-
ERATION OF SANCTIONS IN THE 
CORRUPT ACT 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, September 22, 2022 
Mr. COHEN. Madam Speaker, I was 
pleased to have co-sponsored the CORRUPT 
Act, H.R. 6846 (Corruption, Overthrowing Rule 
of Law, and Ruining Ukraine: Putin’s Trifecta 
Act) in the House and to see its passage on 
the floor this week. This Act requires the 
President to report to Congress, within 30 
days of this bill’s enactment, a determination 
as to whether specified Russian persons iden-
tified in the bill meet the criteria to be subject 
to sanctions under laws that authorize sanc-
tions relating to corruption or human rights vio-
lations. This legislation identifies nearly 200 
names for immediate review by the Adminis-
tration and, in my belief, can play a very im-
portant role in stopping Putin’s cronies from 
operating under the radar and from advancing 
the Kremlin’s evil agenda. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:39 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00006
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A22SE8.020
E22SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 145-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E971 
September 22, 2022 
While this bill represents a critically impor-
tant step forward, there are additional Russian 
entities (and names representing the leader-
ship ranks within those entities) that, while not 
included in this legislation, warrant close atten-
tion by the Administration as well. I believe a 
particular focus on the Russian financial sector 
is warranted, and that government agencies in 
the sector play an integral role in financing 
Russia’s war in Ukraine. 
One specific government agency worthy of 
sanctions is the Russian DIA, or the Russian 
Depositary Insurance Agency, which I, along 
with Congressman JOHN CURTIS, brought to 
the Administration’s attention earlier this year. 
The DIA, established in 2004, is a Russian 
state-owned corporation, controlled by a board 
dominated by officials from the (now sanc-
tioned) Central Bank of Russia. In its official 
capacity, the DIA operates the national deposit 
insurance system for Russian banks and acts 
as the sole authorized bankruptcy adminis-
trator of financial institutions deemed insolvent 
in Russia. 
Hiding behind this innocuous role, however, 
the DIA leads Kremlin-directed efforts to na-
tionalize the assets of Russian financial institu-
tions, funneling the assets of privately owned 
businesses to now-sanctioned Russian state 
banks 
such 
as 
Sberbank, 
VTB 
and 
Gazprombank. I have been made aware that 
many of the businesses that the DIA targets 
on behalf of the Central Bank of Russia are 
owned 
by 
individuals 
who 
have 
been 
blacklisted as political targets of the Russian 
state and lack sufficient political protection 
from these kinds of schemes. 
The CEO of the DIA, Andrey Melnikov, was 
sanctioned by the United States in 2017 for 
his role as Minister of Economic Development 
of the Russian-occupied territory of Crimea, 
following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Mr. 
Melnikov was re-sanctioned by the Treasury 
Department just last week, for his role at the 
DIA, as well. Other members of the DIA’s 
legal team (such as Andrey Pavlov) have 
been sanctioned under the Magnitsky Act for 
their key roles in attacking Russian opposition 
leader Alexei Navalny and his supporters in 
Russia and abroad, often using abusive law-
suits and court proceedings around the world 
to pressure them into abandoning their sup-
port for democratic change and rule-of-law in 
Russia. 
By taking actions to target the DIA directly, 
the U.S. government can play a key role in 
cutting off Russia’s long arm of oppression 
abroad and limit Putin’s ability to fund his war 
chest. Sanctioning the DIA will not only ham-
per its ability to expropriate assets from pri-
vately held Russian financial businesses, but 
also help defend brave Russian dissidents and 
opponents of Putin abroad from predatory at-
tacks by law firms in the employ of the DIA. 
Individuals in leadership positions in the 
DIA, who I believe that, along with Director 
Melnikov, should be reviewed for the future 
imposition of sanctions include: 
Filatova, Maria Vladislavovna, First Deputy 
General Director of the DIA 
Dolgoleva, Olga Viktorovna, Deputy General 
Director of the DIA 
Dolenko, Veronika Viktorovna, Acting Finan-
cial Director 
Morozov, Oleg Borisovich, Deputy General 
Director of the DIA 
Popelyukh, Alexander Anatolievich, Deputy 
General Director of the DIA 
Savchenko, Sergey Mikhaylovich, Deputy 
General Director of the DIA 
Fedorova, Natalia Vladimirovna, Deputy 
General Director of the DIA 
I am hopeful that the Senate, in future ac-
tion on companion legislation now pending in 
the body, can review these names with an eye 
toward adding them to the Senate bill. I also 
hope the Senate will consider adding the DIA 
itself to the pending legislation. Doing both 
can take direct aim at the ability of the DIA 
and its leadership to advance Putin’ schemes, 
his war in Ukraine and his attacks on all those 
who dare stand up and oppose him. 
f 
HONORING 
COUNCILWOMAN 
RYSHEEMA DIXON—FORMER WIL-
MINGTON CITY COUNCILWOMAN 
AND ENTREPRENEUR 
HON. LISA BLUNT ROCHESTER 
OF DELAWARE 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, September 22, 2022 
Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER. Madam Speak-
er, I rise today with a heavy heart to honor 
and commemorate the life of former Wil-
mington City Councilwoman Rysheema Dixon. 
We lost Councilwoman Dixon unexpectedly 
and far too soon on September 16, 2022. Dur-
ing her 35 years of life, she demonstrated ex-
ceptional leadership, entrepreneurship, and 
dedication to public service. The people of 
Delaware, myself included, will profoundly 
miss Councilwoman Dixon and her inimitable 
spirit. 
Councilwoman Dixon was born in Philadel-
phia and moved to Wilmington, Delaware, at 
the age of 15. After graduating from the Uni-
versity of Delaware in 2009 with a bachelor’s 
degree in Sociology, she began her career by 
serving two terms with Public Allies Delaware. 
Public Allies, an AmeriCorps program at the 
University of Delaware’s Center for Commu-
nity Research and Service, recruits and trains 
emerging leaders with a passion for social jus-
tice and impact. In 2013, Councilwoman Dixon 
furthered her education, earning her master’s 
degree from the University of Delaware. She 
would later return to her alma mater as an ed-
ucator, to share the knowledge she had 
gained with the next generation of students, 
serving as a professor of social entrepreneur-
ship. 
Councilwoman Dixon was a true public serv-
ant. As the first Black woman and youngest 
candidate to win an at-large Wilmington City 
Council seat, she was an exceptional and tire-
less advocate for her community. During her 
time in office, she established a legacy of in-
clusion, creative policymaking, and fearless-
ness. Notably, Councilwoman Dixon served as 
Chair of the Community Development & Urban 
Planning Committee, Chair of the Health, 
Aging, & Disabilities Committee, and Vice 
Chair of the Public Safety Committee. Among 
her significant legislative accomplishments 
was the launch of Wilmington’s first disparity 
study which would help ensure Wilmington 
City government used its purchasing power 
fairly and equitably. She also sponsored legis-
lation promoting sex education, consent, and 
reproductive health. 
In addition to her years of direct public serv-
ice, I must also mention Councilwoman Dix-
on’s entrepreneurial prowess and talents in 
business. In 2011, she founded RD Innovative 
Planning, now called RD Innovative Solutions. 
The organization aims to educate and support 
individuals advocating for more equitable ac-
cess to affordable services and resources. 
With issues spanning from health care to nutri-
tion, education, youth development, and be-
yond, RD Innovative Solutions offers support 
and advice. Councilwoman Dixon remained 
the Chief Executive Officer until her untimely 
passing. 
Councilwoman Dixon also served as Execu-
tive Director of Delaware Pathways to Appren-
ticeship which helps individuals from low-in-
come communities attain apprenticeships and 
sets them up for future success. The program 
serves particularly vulnerable groups including 
formerly incarcerated people, those on public 
assistance, and Delawareans living in public 
housing. This year, Councilwoman Dixon 
launched a Global Social Entrepreneurship 
program in Liberia to reach young people 
across the world. 
I know I am in the company of so many 
Delawareans in my grief at Councilwoman 
Dixon’s passing. She was a singular force in 
the First State and in our world, and we will 
never forget her kindness, tenacity, compas-
sion, and service. I extend my deepest condo-
lences to Councilwoman Dixon’s parents and 
loved ones. Councilwoman Rysheema Dixon 
made a true difference in Delaware and be-
yond, and I am so grateful to have had the op-
portunity to know her. She will be missed and 
remembered forever. 
f 
MAYOR FANUCCI 
HON. JEFFERSON VAN DREW 
OF NEW JERSEY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, September 22, 2022 
Mr. VAN DREW. Madam Speaker, I would 
like to recognize the achievements of my 
friend, Mayor Anthony Fanucci. Mayor Fanucci 
is currently serving his second term as the 
mayor of the city of Vineland, South Jersey. 
Prior to becoming mayor, he served a single 
term as City Council President and was a two- 
term member on the Vineland Board of Edu-
cation. Mayor Fanucci is also the owner of two 
successful businesses, A.R. Fanucci Insur-
ance and A.R. Fanucci Real Estate. In addi-
tion, he serves on the New Jersey Conference 
of Mayors Board of Directors, as well as the 
Executive Board of the New Jersey League of 
Municipalities. Mayor Fanucci has left a very 
positive impact on South Jersey and has re-
ceived several well-deserved awards for doing 
so. These awards include the Spirit of 
Achievement Award from the Italian Cultural 
Foundation of South Jersey, the Teach Anti- 
Bullying Community Award, the Greater Vine-
land NAACP Unit 2115 Community Award, 
and the Cultural Award from the St. Augustine 
Prep Hall of Fame. In his free time, Mayor 
Fanucci is a very active alumnus of St. Augus-
tine Prep. He volunteers as a mentor and ca-
reer counselor to local students, as well as 
aids student athletes by coaching sports 
teams and providing sponsorships. Mayor 
Fanucci has truly made such a positive impact 
on the South Jersey community, and I am so 
proud to call him a friend of mine. God Bless 
Mayor Fanucci and God Bless our United 
States of America. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:39 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00007
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE8.024
E22SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 146-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E972 
September 22, 2022 
HONORING THE LIFE OF ANN 
MCGUINESS 
HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, September 22, 2022 
Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to mourn the loss of an extraordinary 
woman’s rights leader and advocate, Ann 
McGuiness, of Selkirk, New York. Ann passed 
away peacefully and surrounded by family on 
August 3, 2022, following an aggressive, and 
courageous battle with cancer. Ann’s life and 
achievements will be celebrated and remem-
bered on September 28, 2022, in Washington, 
DC, where she did so much work to advance 
privacy rights and delivery of women’s health 
care based on science and medicine. 
Born in 1957 and raised in Newington, Con-
necticut, to Edward and Catherine McGuiness, 
Ann’s life was initiated and guided by her Con-
necticut origins. Her proud, Connecticut- 
Catholic upbringing—and with it an instilled af-
finity for social justice—was reinforced by her 
earning a political science degree from the 
College of St. Joseph in West Hartford, Con-
necticut. By that point, through her tenacious 
demeanor, she had already discovered what 
would ultimately grow into her life-long pas-
sion: advocating for women’s reproductive 
rights. 
Her tireless advocacy and passion can be 
observed in every step of her life’s story—no 
matter what Ann was doing, she always tied it 
back to advancing equal rights for women. 
The earliest stage of her career prior to ob-
taining a master’s in public administration from 
Columbia University, was with the National 
Women’s Political Caucus. She continued her 
political advocacy by campaigning on Tim 
Wirth’s campaign for Senate. Upon then Sen-
ator Wirth’s successful electoral bid, Ann, 
equipped with her experience and passion, 
made a career transition to work for NARAL 
Pro-Choice in 1987, a mission which she re-
mained dedicated to for 17 years. Madam 
Speaker, I had the privilege of knowing Ann 
personally, particularly in her earliest years of 
political activism. She was very bright, very 
principled and had a great sense of humor. 
Her husband and soul mate William ‘‘Chip’’ 
Reynolds was a perfect match and they sup-
ported each other’s social activism as well as 
their commitment to growing and raising a 
beautiful family. 
Having built up roughly two decades of ex-
perience and a network in reproductive rights 
advocacy, Ann transitioned her career again in 
2006, this time lending her unmatched exper-
tise to Planned Parenthood’s fundraising arm. 
She approached her senior role at Planned 
Parenthood with the same sense of ferocity 
that she brought to every other project. What 
caused her to be most successful in her role, 
however, was her penchant for connecting 
with young people and her steadfast belief in 
affording reproductive rights for all that ener-
gized her to pour limitless energy into the mis-
sion. Relentless in her pursuits to ensure 
equal access to reproductive rights, Ann left 
Planned Parenthood in 2018, working to form 
the Contraceptive Access Initiative in 2020— 
an effort which was purposed towards ensur-
ing contraceptives were available to women 
without barriers. 
Madam Speaker, we have all come to know 
Ann McGuiness as a champion of community, 
inspiring and convincing others to become phi-
lanthropists and donate hundreds of millions of 
dollars toward a cause fundamentally impor-
tant to her and the lives of women across the 
country. We would be hard-pressed to find an 
example of someone more unwavering in their 
commitment to a cause. Of her critical work, 
nothing may have been more important to Ann 
than mentoring and recruiting youth on the 
issue of reproductive rights. For, over the dec-
ades, Ann McGuiness had not only solidified 
the legacy and strength of a post-Roe Amer-
ica, but has now undoubtedly inspired bri-
gades of activists to carry the torch, as we col-
lectively fight to not just regain, but expand 
even further women’s reproductive rights. This 
legacy will hopefully provide solace for the 
loss her husband, Chip Reynolds, children 
Nora Reynolds and Nicholas Reynolds and 
siblings, 
Patrick 
McGuiness, 
Timothy 
McGuiness and Mary Kate Hallisey have and 
will endure. Those of us in public office can 
and should contribute to that effort to honor 
her memory. To that end, Madam Speaker, I 
ask that my colleagues join me in honoring 
Ann McGuiness. 
f 
SUPPORTING 
H.R. 
8542—MENTAL 
HEALTH JUSTICE ACT OF 2022; 
H.R. 6448—INVEST AND PROTECT 
ACT OF 2022; H.R. 4118—BREAK 
THE CYCLE OF VIOLENCE ACT; 
AND H.R. 5768—VICTIM ACT OF 
2022 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, September 22, 2022 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Madam 
Speaker, I rise in strong support of the four 
public safety bills that the House is consid-
ering today. 
Crime, and in particular gun violence, con-
tinues to be a major problem affecting every 
community in our country. The annual cost of 
gun violence alone is more than $280 billion. 
This Congress has already taken the most 
significant action in 30 years with the enact-
ment of the Bipartisan Safer Communities Act 
to reduce gun violence. 
Today, we take another step forward to 
strengthen public safety by passing four bills 
that will keep our communities safer. 
Together the bills will save lives by increas-
ing grants for police training and recruitment 
for small police departments which often lack 
the resources they need. 
They will fund the deployment of mental 
health crisis response units and evidence- 
based community violence intervention pro-
grams—two strategies that have been used 
very successfully in my district. 
And they will provide funding so local law 
enforcement can solve homicide and non-fatal 
shootings. 
I would like to thank Representatives 
HORSFORD, DEMINGS, GOTTHEIMER, and POR-
TER for their leadership on these bills. 
I urge my colleagues to put party over poli-
tics and vote YES on each of the public safety 
bills being considered today to reduce crime 
and save lives. 
HOMETOWN HERO—LAWRENCE 
THORNS 
HON. BETH VAN DUYNE 
OF TEXAS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, September 22, 2022 
Ms. VAN DUYNE. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Lawrence Thorns as our 
Texas-24 Hometown Hero of the week. Law-
rence is a North Texan who has gone above 
and beyond to ensure the next generation of 
Texans are equipped with the necessary tools 
for greatness. 
Lawrence is a hard worker in his commu-
nity, especially with his local church—Forest 
Hill Church of Christ. His work in his church 
community has directly impacted the lives of 
North Texas students. 
Since 2016, Lawrence has been supplying 
back to school supplies for local schools and 
shelters, ensuring the students have every-
thing they need to pursue an education and 
achieve their dreams. This year alone, Law-
rence supplied over 230 bags of school sup-
plies to students. 
On behalf of our entire community, I’d like to 
thank Lawrence for his selfless dedication to 
the next generation. I look forward to seeing 
the impact his work will have on our students. 
f 
HONORING STEPHANIE BAPTIST 
HON. DARIN LaHOOD 
OF ILLINOIS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, September 22, 2022 
Mr. LAHOOD. Madam Speaker, I rise today 
to honor Stephanie Baptist, a district staff 
member of mine who runs and manages the 
Jacksonville office for the 18th District of Illi-
nois. 
Since coming to Congress, my office has 
prided itself on providing top-notch constituent 
services with four offices in our 19-county dis-
trict. We all know this would not be possible 
without great staff in our districts, helping con-
stituents with casework and being the front 
line of communication with our communities 
while we are here in Washington, D.C. 
For the 18th District of Illinois, which in-
cludes many rural areas in central and west 
central Illinois, this is extremely important with 
long distances between towns and cities. In 
Stephanie’s case, she manages our Jackson-
ville office by herself. Stephanie joined the of-
fice several years back, replacing Barb Baker, 
a longtime community advocate and a staff 
member who sadly passed away. To say 
Stephanie had big shoes to fill after Barb 
would be an understatement; however, she 
filled them incredibly well. 
Stephanie served with professionalism and 
an unmatched dedication to the community, 
particularly during the extraordinary times that 
we have faced over the past two and a half 
years during the COVID–19 pandemic. Steph-
anie served as the point person for our office 
on IRS casework and SBA issues over the 
last several years, which was not easy given 
the 
challenges 
our 
communities 
faced. 
Throughout it all, Stephanie handled her work 
with grace, compassion, and resilience. 
Sadly, because of our redistricting in Illinois, 
our Congressional District will no longer have 
Jacksonville and our office downtown. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:39 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00008
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A22SE8.027
E22SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 147-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E973 
September 22, 2022 
While we could not be happier for Stephanie 
as she embarks on a new and exciting oppor-
tunity, she will be missed dearly by our office. 
I want to thank Stephanie for all the hard work 
on behalf of constituents in 18th Congres-
sional District. It has been greatly appreciated. 
Stephanie will always be a part of Team 
LaHood, and most importantly, a friend. 
f 
TOYS FOR TOTS 75TH 
ANNIVERSARY 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, September 22, 2022 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Madam Speaker, I 
rise today to congratulate the U.S. Marine 
Corps Reserve Toys for Tots program on their 
75th Anniversary of bringing Christmas joy 
and a message of hope to America’s dis-
advantaged children. 
Established in 1947, the U.S. Marine Corps 
Reserves has protected the hopes, dreams, 
and positive future of our nation’s most valu-
able resource—our children—with the Toys for 
Tots Program, an official mission of the Marine 
Corps Reserve. 
Over the past 75 years the U.S. Marine 
Corps Reserve Toys for Tots program has de-
livered the magic of Christmas to over 281 
million less fortunate children and distributed 
over 627 million toys nationwide with the sup-
port of the U.S. Marine Corps, Marine Corps 
Reserve and community coordinators who 
conduct toy collection campaigns. 
In Missouri, the Toys for Tots program has 
20 chapters. Two of those, reside in my dis-
trict: Jefferson City, MO serves Cole, Maries, 
Miller and Morgan Counties and Troy, MO 
serves Lincoln County. These two chapters 
have done a tremendous job of bringing their 
volunteers together to bring the joy of Christ-
mas and send a message of hope to central 
Missouri’s less fortunate children. 
Madam Speaker, please join me in con-
gratulating the U.S. Marine Corps, the Marine 
Corps Reserve, and the Toys for Tots pro-
gram for their outstanding efforts on behalf of 
our needy children, both here in Missouri and 
across the Nation for the past 75 years. 
f 
HONORING SILVIA MARTINEZ DE 
TAFOLLA 
HON. J. LUIS CORREA 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, September 22, 2022 
Mr. CORREA. Madam Speaker, I rise today 
and honor Silvia Martinez de Tafolla, a con-
stituent I am immensely proud of, and cele-
brating her 82nd birthday. Silvia was born to 
Jose Martinez Valades and Carment Martinez 
Solorzano in Irapuato Guanajuato, Mexico on 
May 4, 1940. She studied in Mexico for the 
occupation of Secretary. 
At the age of 24 Silvia married a hard-
working and responsible gentleman named 
Miguel Vargas Tafolla. Their union brought 2 
wonderful children, Silvita and Miguel Angel 
who are her reason for living and source of 
unconditional support. 
After 14 years of marriage, the family was 
separated 2 years, as Miguel immigrated to 
the United States, while the family stayed be-
hind in Mexico. Silvia and her daughter then 
immigrated to the United States through a dif-
ficult and dangerous journey, leaving her 
youngest son behind in Mexico. All the family 
was final reunited in Anaheim, California. 
Silvia and her family have made Anaheim their 
home for the past 40 years. Silvia worked as 
a sales representative. After 55 years of mar-
riage, Silvia’s husband Miguel passed away, 
and with the love for her children she has 
been able to carry on. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in recog-
nizing Silvia Martinez de Tafolla, her ability to 
persevere to reach the American Dream and 
celebrate her 82nd birthday. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 250TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF THE SOUTH HAMP-
TON BAPTIST CHURCH 
HON. CHRIS PAPPAS 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, September 22, 2022 
Mr. PAPPAS. Madam Speaker, I rise today 
in honor of the South Hampton Baptist Church 
on its 250th Anniversary. This incredible mile-
stone is a testament to the impact of the 
church on the town of South Hampton, and 
the vital role that faith plays in the community. 
The town of South Hampton and the church 
have undergone tremendous change since 
1772, but the values and faith of the towns’ 
founders can still be seen in the community 
today. As one of the oldest churches in New 
Hampshire, South Hampton Baptist continues 
to involve itself in the town through vol-
unteerism and community get-togethers to cel-
ebrate the history and legacy of this house of 
worship. 
As Granite Staters come out of the pan-
demic looking for comfort, guidance, and how 
to best help their neighbors, the South Hamp-
ton Baptist Church remains an important re-
source and a partner for many families here 
on the Seacoast. The history and insights into 
early American life found in this church give 
congregants a glimpse into the past, while the 
volunteerism and public service they perform 
allows them to look toward the future of South 
Hampton. 
I would like to thank Pastor Jeremy J. 
Pataro for his dedication to the town of South 
Hampton and congratulate him on maintaining 
250 years of tradition. On behalf of my con-
stituents in New Hampshire’s First Congres-
sional District, I congratulate the South Hamp-
ton Baptist Church for its outstanding contribu-
tions to the state and wish them another 250 
years of success. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF NICK 
WOOLDRIDGE 
HON. BRETT GUTHRIE 
OF KENTUCKY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, September 22, 2022 
Mr. GUTHRIE. Madam Speaker, I rise today 
to 
honor 
my 
legislative 
staffer, 
Nick 
Wooldridge, for his service to Kentucky’s Sec-
ond District. 
Nick is a native of Kentucky’s capital, Frank-
fort, which helped inspire his interest in poli-
tics. In high school, he served as a page in 
the Kentucky House of Representatives. 
Nick’s interest in American politics continued 
through his years at Princeton University 
where he graduated with a degree in history, 
While in college, Nick interned for both U.S. 
Senator SHELLEY MOORE CAPITO and U.S. 
Senate Republican Leader MITCH MCCONNELL. 
In November 2021, Nick joined my congres-
sional D.C. office as a staff assistant. Nick’s 
initiative, strong work ethic, and extensive 
knowledge of Kentucky made him an excellent 
addition to my staff, and he quickly worked his 
way up in my office to a legislative cor-
respondent. In this role, Nick does in-depth re-
search on legislation, helps me effectively 
communicate complex legislative policy to 
constituents, and responds to constituent in-
quiries in a timely manner. On Nick’s last 
week in my office, I want to thank him for his 
work serving Kentucky’s Second District and 
wish him the best in the next chapter of his 
career. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 100TH BIRTH-
DAY OF MOORESTOWN RELIEF 
ENGINE COMPANY 312’S OLDEST 
FIRE TRUCK, ‘‘BERTHA’’ 
HON. ANDY KIM 
OF NEW JERSEY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, September 22, 2022 
Mr. KIM of New Jersey. Madam Speaker, I 
rise today to celebrate the 100th birthday of 
Moorestown Relief Engine Company 312’s 
oldest fire truck, affectionately known by our 
district as ‘‘Bertha.’’ 
Since its acquisition by the Relief Engine 
Company in 1922, the predominantly Ahrens- 
Fox engine-powered fire truck has been an in-
tegral part of Moorestown’s history and com-
munity safety. Throughout its nearly 50 years 
of active service to the Moorestown commu-
nity, the volunteers of Relief Engine Company 
312 counted on Bertha when responding to 
major fires, car accidents, and various inci-
dents in between. 
Its presence in the community cannot be 
understated either. The engine was so large 
that the floor of the company’s building was 
found to be sagging from its weight. Today, 
while not in use, the fire truck is an attraction 
for visitors of Moorestown’s Relief Engine 
Company, and it holds a place in our history. 
Not only has the Bertha gained recognition 
by residents in the Moorestown area, but the 
truck has also been recognized throughout the 
region. In the 1980s, Bertha received three 
first place awards at a New York Fire Truck 
Muster. 
Our volunteer firefighter corps are essential 
in maintaining our safe, secure, and con-
nected community. Bertha remains a symbol 
of their rich history of dedication to us and our 
families, and it’s my honor to represent them, 
this symbol of rich history, and this commu-
nity. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:39 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00009
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A22SE8.030
E22SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 148-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E974 
September 22, 2022 
CELEBRATING THE BIRTHDAY OF 
PATTI KENNER 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, September 22, 2022 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 
birthday of my dear friend Patti Askwith 
Kenner, who has dedicated her life to sup-
porting women’s civic participation, supporting 
the arts, and advancing Jewish causes. 
Patti Kenner is a native New Yorker who 
was born in New York City and raised in Har-
rison, New York. She is a graduate of Car-
negie Mellon University with a degree in 
French. She subsequently earned a master’s 
degree in Early Childhood Education from the 
Columbia University Teachers College. 
After 10 years as an educator, Ms. Kenner 
left teaching to join Campus Coach Lines, a 
charter bus company founded by her father in 
1928. She continues to work at Campus 
Coach Lines to this day and currently serves 
as its President. 
In a city full of larger-than-life personalities, 
Ms. Kenner is one New York’s most iconic 
civic leaders. She has been a consummate 
advocate for women’s participation in politics 
and civic engagement. 
Ms. Kenner is also a devoted alumna of 
Carnegie Mellon and has given generously 
back to the school. She has served on the 
university’s board of trustees for over 25 years 
and recently dedicated its Askwith Kenner 
Global Languages and Cultures Room. This 
amazing experiential space allows students to 
virtually travel the world and interact with peo-
ple from different nations. 
Ms. Kenner is also a major supporter of 
education in New York. In 2019 she created 
the Patti Kenner Fellowship in Arts Education 
at Guild Hall, where she is also a longtime 
trustee. This fellowship has substantially en-
hanced youth educational programming at 
Guild Hall. 
Ms. Kenner has been dedicated to increas-
ing awareness about the Holocaust and pre-
serving its history. In 2011, Ms. Kenner pro-
duced a documentary about the renowned 
Jewish-American journalist Ruth Gruber, who 
documented life in Nazi Germany and was 
tasked by President Franklin D. Roosevelt to 
escort close to 1,000 refugees from Nazi-oc-
cupied Europe to the United States in 1944. 
She is currently working on another documen-
tary focused on Swedish architect and human-
itarian, Raoul Wallenberg, who saved tens of 
thousands of Jews in occupied Hungary at the 
end of World War II. 
In addition to these many accomplishments, 
Ms. Kenner serves on the boards of Defiant 
Requiem Foundation, the Museum of Jewish 
Heritage, the University Musical Society at the 
University of Michigan, the Educational Alli-
ance, along with numerous other organizations 
and institutions. 
Madam Speaker, Ms. Kenner is a dear 
friend of mine who continues to inspire me 
with her tireless advocacy and activism. I ask 
my colleagues to join me in recognizing the 
many contributions that Patti Kenner has 
made to New York City and wishing her every 
future success. 
NANCY HUDANICH 
HON. JEFFERSON VAN DREW 
OF NEW JERSEY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, September 22, 2022 
Mr. VAN DREW. Madam Speaker, last 
month, I had the pleasure of attending Nancy 
Hudanich’s 
retirement 
celebration. 
Nancy 
began her career in education as a math 
teacher. She taught in Cape May County for 
16 years and at Middletown High School for 
23 years, where she worked as both a teacher 
and as the assistant principal. In August of 
2006, she became the assistant super-
intendent of Cape May County Technical 
Schools. Then, in July of 2012, Nancy took on 
the role of Superintendent of the Cape May 
County Special Services School District. In 
2018, she went on to become the Super-
intendent of Cape May County Technical 
School District. In addition to her active in-
volvement with educating the youth in South 
Jersey, Nancy also made a positive impact in 
the city of Avalon. She served as an elected 
councilwoman for Avalon for 32 years and 
served 5 terms as President of Avalon Bor-
ough Council. As a councilwoman, Nancy 
served on the Finance Committee, Technology 
Committee, and Insurance Committee. She 
also started Avalon’s first Brownie Girl Scout 
Troop, as well as the Avalon Garden Club. 
Nancy should be proud of all her service to 
the South Jersey community, and it is truly my 
honor to have had the opportunity to attend 
her retirement celebration and recognize her 
many accomplishments. God Bless Nancy, 
and God Bless our United States of America. 
f 
REMEMBERING LIBERT BOZZELLI 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, September 22, 2022 
Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the life of Libert Bozzelli, who 
passed away on August 25, 2022, at the age 
of 97. 
A World War II Combat Veteran, he served 
his country with honor as a member of the 
Army-Air Corp Unit in the African campaign 
under General George S. Patton. Libert was 
honored in 2015 with a trip to Washington, 
D.C. with the Honor Flight Program. There he 
was selected for the highly distinguished 
honor to place a wreath on the tomb of the 
Unknown Soldier; an honor that would cause 
Libert to shed a tear every time he recounted 
the story. 
Upon returning to America, Libert would at-
tend a trade school, where he would train to 
become a sheet metal worker. He would work 
for Independence Sheet Metal Company for 
seven years until he was elected as a busi-
ness agent for Sheet Metal Workers Local 70 
(now known as The Sheet Metal, Air, Rail and 
Transportation Workers’ Local Union 33). 
There, he would fight for fair treatment and 
wages for his members. Well respected by his 
peers, Libert would be reelected to the posi-
tion for 34 years, which was the longest any-
one has held the position continuously in the 
nation. Libert also served on the Akron Labor 
Board, Akron Regional Development Board, 
Summit County Construction Board and Re-
peals Review Board. His dedication would 
earn him the Peter Bommarito Community 
Award from Akron Labor. 
Libert was a lifelong public servant and 
gave to his community relentlessly. He served 
20 years on Cuyahoga Falls City Council and 
4 years on Summit County Council. During 
that time, he implemented many important 
projects. He fought for his constituents and the 
people he represented always making sure 
their voice and their interests were heard. He 
was instrumental in establishing senior citizen 
housing in Cuyahoga Falls and throughout 
Summit County. This earned him the Akron 
Housing Urban Citizen award. Libert’s true 
passion was fighting for the underdog. He was 
ahead of his time when it came to supporting 
mental health issues, the mentally challenged 
and handicapped youth and adults. He served 
on the boards of the Weaver School and 
Workshop, Tarry House for Mental Health and 
Housing, Fallsview Mental Health, served as 
President on Cuyahoga Falls Hospital, St. 
Thomas Mental Action Committee and ARC. 
He wanted all to have the opportunities, skills, 
and means to be a productive citizen and 
have a high quality of life. 
Libert’s voice was loudest when he was try-
ing to get approval of the construction and 
funding for the Internal Brotherhood Home for 
Alcoholics. His words were heard as IBH is a 
success today. This earned him the Salvation 
Army 
Lifetime 
Humanitarian 
Achievement 
Award. In 1985, Kent State asked Libert to 
help them open The Kent State University Mu-
seum, an institution displaying important col-
lections of fashion and decorative art. When 
they needed a leader to ensure their plans 
could be executed effectively and efficiently, 
Libert stepped up to become the first Presi-
dent of the fashion museum. 
Italian heritage meant a lot to Libert. He was 
a member of the Italian Professional Business 
Men’s Club, Kenmore Italian Club, Carvollese 
Men’s Club, Italian Council and Sons of Italy 
where he played a role in leadership positions 
in each organization. He earned the Council of 
Italian American Society Service Award. 
The latest in Libert’s life of high achieve-
ment occurred this year. A week after his 
wife’s passing, Libert would walk across the 
Blossom Music Center stage to receive his 
high school diploma 80 years later. 
Libert gave his life to others, but his family 
was his priority. Sunday pasta dinners with his 
children, grandchildren, friends, and neighbors 
were a weekly occurrence. The family gath-
ered again at his home for every holiday cele-
bration. 
Married to the love of his life for 75 years, 
on August 25 Libert died of a broken heart. He 
joins his wife Madeline who proceeded him in 
May. Libert leaves his children, Dennis 
Bozzelli, Marlene and Eric Czetli, Kathleen 
and Bernie Hovey, Tom Bozzelli and Ken Pol-
lard; 6 grandchildren, 15 great-grandchildren, 
and 6 great-great-grandchildren. 
f 
CELEBRATING BRUCE AND LINDA 
TAYLOR 
HON. JIMMY PANETTA 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, September 22, 2022 
Mr. PANETTA. Madam Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize Mr. and Mrs. Bruce and Linda 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:39 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00010
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A22SE8.036
E22SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 149-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E975 
September 22, 2022 
Taylor as the recipients of the Community 
Foundation for Monterey County’s 2022 Distin-
guished Trustee Award. Bruce and Linda Tay-
lor’s philanthropy and leadership on the Cen-
tral Coast is admirable and demonstrates an 
unwavering passion for the well-being of our 
local community. 
As long-time residents of Salinas, Bruce and 
Linda are well-known for their generosity, both 
personally and through Taylor Fresh Foods, or 
Taylor Farms, and support of many non-profits 
that work to uplift our community. Bruce and 
Linda Taylor continue to support community 
development, including educational institutions 
like California State University, Monterey Bay, 
Hartnell College, Palma High School, Notre 
Dame High School, and Rancho Cielo. Addi-
tionally, the Taylors support the Boys and 
Girls Clubs of Monterey County, First Tee— 
Monterey County, Youth Orchestra Salinas, 
and Digital Nest. Because of their contribu-
tions, Monterey County youth have access to 
programs and facilities that play a vital role in 
their development. 
Bruce and Linda Taylor, along with Taylor 
Farms, have impacted the lives of countless 
community 
members 
and 
their 
families. 
Through the Taylor Farms Scholarship Pro-
gram, over 216 four-year scholarships—esti-
mated at $3.1 million—have been awarded to 
the children of Taylor Farms employees who 
plan to attend a four-year university. The Tay-
lors’ emphasis on supporting both their em-
ployees and their children is a testament to 
the generosity and compassion of Bruce and 
Linda Taylor and Taylor Farms. Efforts like 
these have made lasting contributions to Mon-
terey County’s social and economic climate. 
Additionally, since moving Taylor Farms’ head-
quarters to Old Town Salinas, business activ-
ity in Old Town has increased, contributing to 
a thriving Salinas City Center. 
Madam Speaker, I am pleased to recognize 
Bruce and Linda Taylor as the recipients of 
the Community Foundation for Monterey 
County’s 2022 Distinguished Trustee Award. I 
extend my sincere appreciation to Bruce and 
Linda Taylor for their philanthropy and for fos-
tering a culture of innovation and compassion. 
f 
RECOGNIZING 
THE 
EBENEZER 
BAPTIST 
CHURCH 
ON 
CELE-
BRATING THEIR 100TH YEAR OF 
SERVING 
THE 
NEW 
ORLEANS 
COMMUNITY 
HON. TROY A. CARTER 
OF LOUISIANA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, September 22, 2022 
Mr. CARTER of Louisiana. Madam Speaker, 
today I rise to pay tribute to Ebenezer Baptist 
Church as they celebrate their 100th year of 
serving the New Orleans Community. On Sep-
tember 22, 1922, a meeting was called by 
Rev. Marshall Lewis, Sr. where the first offi-
cers were elected, prayer was offered, and the 
Church was organized. They began services 
in a rented space before shortly moving to its 
iconic and enduring home, 2415 South Clai-
borne Avenue. 
Under Founder and 1st Pastor Reverend 
Marshall Lewis, Sr.’s leadership, the con-
gregation grew, and the church thrived. They 
were incorporated in 1928, completely paid off 
by 1935, and Reverend Marshall Lewis, Sr. 
successfully pastored this congregation from 
1922 until his death in 1940. After his passing, 
and one year of mourning, the congregation 
chose his son Reverend Marshall Lewis, Jr. as 
the new pastor of Ebenezer Baptist Church. 
Rev. Marshall Lewis, Jr. pastored the con-
gregation until his untimely death in March of 
1946. From April 1946 to January of 1947, 
Reverend Alexander BeBell served as the op-
erating pastor; and from January 1947 to Oc-
tober 1947, he served as full Pastor. 
On October 31, 1947, Reverend Lawrence 
E. Landrum, Jr. was elected the new Pastor of 
Ebenezer Baptist Church, ushering in a new 
era, pioneering, and starting many traditions 
within the Church. Growing up in the church, 
Reverend Landrum, Jr. was strongly involved 
in the community and eventually became a 
popular musician, singer, and preacher in New 
Orleans. In 1948, Pastor Landrum led a ren-
ovation of their church sanctuary that was 
completed in 1950. By the next year, Pastor 
Landrum began a live radio broadcast, com-
bining two of their service choirs to form one 
of the city’s first Mass Choirs titled the ‘‘Radio 
Choir’’. In 1952, Pastor Landrum ordained the 
First Woman Preacher in the Baptist Church, 
Rev. Viola Allen Miller; and throughout his 
Ministry he ordained hundreds more. In 1958, 
Pastor Landrum began to expand the church’s 
community outreach, demolishing the adjacent 
property to build an educational building. This 
was completed in 1960 and to this day, 
houses 6 classrooms, a kitchen, dining area, 
office, and restrooms. Over the years, Rev. 
Landrum continued to grow the congregation 
from 167 members when he first took over, 
reaching 1,700 members at their peak. 
In the following years, Rev. Landrum’s 
grandson, Minister Jermaine Landrum began 
working with and improving different ministries 
within the church, and by 1995, was appointed 
to Co-Pastor of the Church. Rev. Jermaine 
Landrum grew attendance and outreach min-
istries through both radio and television. 
In 2005 Hurricane Katrina tested the very 
fiber of the church. Following this disaster, the 
church had to undergo many changes to con-
tinue its operations ultimately resulting in Rev. 
Lawrence Landrum deciding to retire after 59 
years of dedicated pastoring. 
In its modern era, Rev. Jermaine Landrum 
continue to strive for growth and rebuilding 
within this church community. This was ac-
complished through new forms of outreach, 
purchasing additional properties, a greater 
media presence, and many more opportuni-
ties. Ebenezer Baptist Church continues to 
weather through storms and pandemics, as 
their congregation survived all catastrophic 
events during 2020 through 2021. And now, 
the Church is still prospering, standing 100 
years strong, and looking forward to better 
days ahead. 
Their history shows adaptability and the 
higher level of determination required to 
weather 
through 
setbacks 
and 
storms. 
Through faith and dedication, remaining as a 
solid pillar to the New Orleans Community, we 
honor their resilience as they continue to 
stand strong and continue serving. 
LAS VEGAS ACES WNBA 
CHAMPIONSHIP 
HON. DINA TITUS 
OF NEVADA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, September 22, 2022 
Ms. TITUS. Madam Speaker, I rise today to 
acknowledge and congratulate the Las Vegas 
Aces on winning the Women’s National Bas-
ketball Association Championship this past 
Sunday. 
On September 18, 2022, the Las Vegas 
Aces defeated the Connecticut Sun, 78–71, in 
Game 4 of the WNBA Finals. The Aces won 
the championship three games to one and se-
cured the first major professional sports cham-
pionship in the history of the city of Las 
Vegas. 
Even before the playoffs, the Aces had an 
incredible season, led by rookie head coach 
Becky Hammon, who became the first former 
WNBA player and rookie head coach to win 
the WNBA Championship. 
Every member of the team, including 
Kiersten Bell, Sydney Colson, Chelsea Gray, 
Dearica Hamby, Theresa Plaisance, Kelsey 
Plum, Iliana Rupert, Aisha Sheppard, Kiah 
Stokes, Riquna Williams, A’ja Wilson, and 
Jackie Young, were critical to the success of 
the Aces this year. 
Since coming to Las Vegas in 2018, the 
Aces have played well, but unfortunately, up 
until now they were unable win it all. 
In 2020, during the COVID shortened sea-
son and without key players due to injury, the 
team still made the WNBA Finals but were ul-
timately turned back. 
In 2021, the team seemed set for greatness, 
but, unfortunately, fell short in heartbreaking 
fashion in game five of the Western Con-
ference Finals. 
In the lead up to the 2022 season, the team 
lost key players to free agency and former 
coach Bill Laimbeer retired, but the organiza-
tion shifted its focus and approach and took 
the league by storm. 
Fueled by prolific three-point shooting, the 
Aces dominated the regular season, and 
ended with a league best record of 26–10, se-
curing Commissioner’s Cup as well. 
Heading into the playoffs, the team was 
primed for success, having overcome so much 
adversity over the last few seasons. 
Guided by forward A’ja Wilson, who won 
this year’s regular season Most Valuable Play-
er, Defensive Player of the Year, and first- 
team All-WNBA honors, fellow All-WNBA hon-
ors guard Kelsey Plum and WNBA Most Im-
proved Player Jackie Young, the Las Vegas 
Aces dominated the playoffs. 
In the finals, Chelsea Gray delivered a tre-
mendous performance, averaging 18 points 
per game in the series and winning WNBA 
Finals Most Valuable Player. In the champion-
ship-clinching game Riquna Williams scored a 
crucial 17 points, with her incredible three- 
point shooting, to lift the Aces to victory. 
Following this victory, Aces players Chelsea 
Gray, Kelsey Plum, Jackie Young, and A’ja 
Wilson, who competed and won gold medals 
for the United States at the Tokyo Olympics in 
2021,joined an exclusive club of players who 
have won both Olympic gold and the WNBA 
Championship. 
So, in closing I want to again congratulate 
owner Mark Davis who, through continued in-
vestment and support, has put women’s bas-
ketball on the map in Las Vegas; Coach 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:39 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00011
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A22SE8.039
E22SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 150-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E976 
September 22, 2022 
Becky Hammon; all the amazing players, di-
rected by the fabulous A’ja Wilson; and the 
entire Las Vegas Aces organization led by its 
president, Nikki Fargas, and general manager, 
Natalie Williams. Congratulations on this tre-
mendous achievement. 
The City of Las Vegas and all of Southern 
Nevada are extremely proud of the Aces. 
They certainly raised the stakes and hit the 
jackpot. 
f 
RELEASE OF AMERICAN ANDY 
HUYNH 
HON. ROBERT B. ADERHOLT 
OF ALABAMA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, September 22, 2022 
Mr. ADERHOLT. Madam Speaker, today I 
am proud to recognize and celebrate the free-
dom of Andy Tai Ngoc Huynh, who resides in 
Alabama’s 
Fourth 
Congressional 
District, 
which I am honored to represent. 
I was informed yesterday that Andy Huynh, 
along with Alex Drueke, another Alabamian 
who had gone missing, have been freed from 
their captivity in eastern Ukraine and are safe 
at the U.S. Embassy in the Saudi Arabian 
capital of Riyadh undergoing a medical eval-
uation. 
In June, I was alerted that Andy and Alex— 
both former U.S. service members—had gone 
missing after volunteering to fight alongside 
the Ukrainian Army following the unprovoked 
Russian invasion. 
Since hearing of Andy’s disappearance, my 
office has worked to gather any information 
possible to share with Andy’s loved ones and 
stayed in contact with the U.S. Department of 
State in the hopes of bringing Andy back 
home. 
I know that Andy’s fiance´e, Joy Black, and 
soon to be mother-in-law, Darla Black, have 
been ever faithful in their prayers and efforts 
to seek Andy’s release, never losing hope. 
Today their faith has been rewarded and Andy 
is safe. Furthermore, the same can be also 
said about Alex’s family, as they have been 
ever diligent in working toward his release. 
I thank all of my colleagues and fellow citi-
zens for their prayers for Andy’s safety. When 
Andy Huynh and Alex Drueke return to Ala-
bama, I look forward to meeting them and 
their families in person. We are thankful to 
God for their safe release. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:39 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00012
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A22SE8.041
E22SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with REMARKS
---

 -Page 151-
D1015 
Thursday, September 22, 2022 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S4941–S5033 
Measures Introduced: Thirty-one bills and seven 
resolutions 
were 
introduced, 
as 
follows: 
S. 
4917–4947, S.J. Res. 63, and S. Res. 791–796. 
                                                                                    Pages S4969–70 
Measures Reported: 
S. 4577, to improve plain writing and public ex-
perience, with amendments. (S. Rept. No. 117–159) 
Report to accompany S. 1127, to require the Na-
tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration to 
make certain operational models available to the 
public. (S. Rept. No. 117–160)                  Pages S4966–67 
Measures Passed: 
Veterans’ Compensation Cost-of-Living Adjust-
ment Act: Senate passed H.R. 7846, to increase, ef-
fective as of December 1, 2022, the rates of com-
pensation for veterans with service-connected disabil-
ities and the rates of dependency and indemnity 
compensation for the survivors of certain disabled 
veterans.                                                                          Page S5031 
Kevin and Avonte’s Law Reauthorization Act of 
2022: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged 
from further consideration of S. 4885, to amend the 
Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 
1994, to reauthorize the Missing Americans Alert 
Program, and the bill was then passed.          Page S5031 
Commending Tall Ships America: Senate agreed 
to S. Res. 793, commending Tall Ships America for 
advancing character-building experiences at sea and 
representing the tall ships and sail training commu-
nity of the United States in national and inter-
national forums.                                                          Page S5031 
National Clean Energy Week: Senate agreed to 
S. Res. 794, proclaiming the week of September 26 
through September 30, 2022, to be ‘‘National Clean 
Energy Week’’.                                                            Page S5031 
School Bus Safety Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 
795, designating September 2022 as ‘‘School Bus 
Safety Month’’.                                                            Page S5031 
Honoring the late Senator Robert ‘‘Bob’’ Charles 
Krueger: Senate agreed to S. Res. 796, honoring the 
life and legacy of the late Senator Robert ‘‘Bob’’ 
Charles Krueger.                                                         Page S5032 
Measures Considered: 
DISCLOSE Act: Senate resumed consideration of 
the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 4822, 
to amend the Federal Election Campaign Act of 
1971 to provide for additional disclosure require-
ments for corporations, labor organizations, Super 
PACs and other entities.                                Pages S4941–50 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate 
also took the following action: 
By 49 yeas to 49 nays (Vote No. 346), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, not having 
voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected the motion 
to close further debate on the motion to proceed to 
consideration of the bill.                                Pages S4949–50 
Affordable Insulin Now Act—Agreement: Senate 
began consideration of the motion to proceed to con-
sideration of H.R. 6833, to amend title XXVII of 
the Public Health Service Act, the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, and the Employee Retirement Income 
Security Act of 1974 to establish requirements with 
respect to cost-sharing for certain insulin products. 
                                                                                            Page S4955 
A motion was entered to close further debate on 
the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill, 
and, in accordance with the provisions of Rule XXII 
of the Standing Rules of the Senate, and pursuant to 
the unanimous-consent agreement of Thursday, Sep-
tember 22, 2022, a vote on cloture will occur at 
5:30 p.m. on Tuesday, September 27, 2022. 
                                                                                            Page S5032 
Prior to the consideration of the motion to pro-
ceed to consideration of the bill, Senate took the fol-
lowing action: 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-
tive Session.                                                                   Page S4955 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding that Senate resume consideration of the mo-
tion to proceed to consideration of the bill at ap-
proximately 3 p.m., on Tuesday, September 27, 
2022; and vote on the motion to invoke cloture 
thereon at 5:30 p.m.                                                Page S5032 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:04 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D22SE2.REC
D22SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 152-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
D1016 
September 22, 2022 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-
lowing nominations: 
By 60 yeas to 36 nays (Vote No. EX. 347), 
Amanda Bennett, of the District of Columbia, to be 
Chief Executive Officer of the United States Agency 
for Global Media.                                                       Page S4950 
By 56 yeas to 40 nays (Vote No. EX. 348), Arati 
Prabhakar, of California, to be Director of the Office 
of Science and Technology Policy.            Pages S4950–55 
Robin Meredith Cohn Hutcheson, of Utah, to be 
Administrator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety 
Administration. 
Kevin G. Ritz, of Tennessee, to be United States 
Attorney for the Western District of Tennessee for 
the term of four years.                                             Page S5033 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Travis Hill, of Maryland, to be a Member of the 
Board of Directors of the Federal Deposit Insurance 
Corporation for a term of six years. 
Travis Hill, of Maryland, to be Vice Chairperson 
of the Board of Directors of the Federal Deposit In-
surance Corporation. 
Jonathan McKernan, of Tennessee, to be a Mem-
ber of the Board of Directors of the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Corporation for the remainder of the term 
expiring May 31, 2024. 
Lynne M. Tracy, of Ohio, to be Ambassador to 
the Russian Federation. 
1 Navy nomination in the rank of admiral. 
                                                                                            Page S5033 
Messages from the House:                                Page S4966 
Measures Referred:                                                Page S4966 
Petitions and Memorials:                                   Page S4966 
Executive Reports of Committees:       Pages S4967–69 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages S4970–71 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S4971–75 
Additional Statements:                                Pages S4965–66 
Amendments Submitted:                     Pages S4975–S5031 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S5031 
Record Votes: Three record votes were taken today. 
(Total—348)                                            Pages S4950, S4954–55 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed, as a further mark of respect to the memory 
of the late Senator Robert ‘‘Bob’’ Charles Krueger, in 
accordance with S. Res. 796, at 4:30 p.m., until 11 
a.m. on Friday, September 23, 2022. (For Senate’s 
program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority 
Leader in today’s Record on page S5033.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
NOMINATIONS 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Com-
mittee concluded a hearing to examine the nomina-
tions of Jose Emilio Esteban, of California, to be 
Under Secretary for Food Safety, and Alexis Taylor, 
of Iowa, to be Under Secretary for Trade and Foreign 
Agricultural Affairs, both of the Department of Ag-
riculture, and Vincent Garfield Logan, of New York, 
to be a Member of the Farm Credit Administration 
Board, Farm Credit Administration, after the nomi-
nees testified and answered questions in their own 
behalf. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee ordered favor-
ably reported the nominations of Milancy Danielle 
Harris, of Virginia, to be a Deputy Under Secretary, 
and Brendan Owens, of Virginia, and Laura Taylor- 
Kale, of California, both to be an Assistant Secretary, 
all of the Department of Defense, and 3,571 nomi-
nations in the Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps, 
and Space Force. 
BANKS OVERSIGHT 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: 
Committee concluded an oversight hearing to exam-
ine the nation’s largest banks, including S. 4619, to 
provide that all persons shall be entitled to the full 
and equal enjoyment of the goods, services, facilities, 
privileges, and accommodations of financial institu-
tions, after receiving testimony from Charles W. 
Scharf, Wells Fargo and Company, San Francisco, 
California; Brian Moynihan, Bank of America, and 
William H. Rogers Jr., Truist, both of Charlotte, 
North Carolina; Jamie Dimon, JPMorgan Chase and 
Co., Washington, D.C.; Jane Fraser, Citi, New York, 
New York; Andy Cecere, U.S. Bancorp, Minneapolis, 
Minnesota; and William S. Demchak, The PNC Fi-
nancial Services Group, Inc., Pittsburgh, Pennsyl-
vania. 
BATTERY STORAGE 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee 
concluded a hearing to examine opportunities and 
challenges in deploying innovative battery and non- 
battery technologies for energy storage, after receiv-
ing 
testimony 
from 
Timothy 
J. 
Hemstreet, 
PacifiCorp, Portland, Oregon; Spencer Nelson, 
ClearPath, Inc., Washington, D.C.; and Ted Wiley, 
Form Energy, Somerville, Massachusetts. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:04 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D22SE2.REC
D22SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 153-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
D1017 
September 22, 2022 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on the Judiciary: Committee ordered favor-
ably reported the following business items: 
S. 673, to provide a temporary safe harbor for 
publishers of online content to collectively negotiate 
with dominant online platforms regarding the terms 
on which content may be distributed, with an 
amendment in the nature of a substitute; and 
The nominations of Thomas E. Brown, to be 
United States Marshal for the Northern District of 
Georgia, and Kirk M. Taylor, to be United States 
Marshal for the District of Colorado, both of the De-
partment of Justice. 
STOPPING SENIOR SCAMS 
Special Committee on Aging: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine stopping senior scams, focusing 
on empowering communities to fight fraud, after re-
ceiving testimony from Nancy Pham-Klingler, 
County of San Diego Health and Human Services 
Agency, San Diego, California; Marti DeLiema, Uni-
versity of Minnesota School of Social Work, St. Paul; 
Aurelia Costigan, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania; and 
Polly Fehler, Seneca, South Carolina. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 32 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 8949–8981; and 13 resolutions, H. 
Con. Res. 108; and H. Res. 1383–1394, were intro-
duced.                                                                      Pages H8111–13 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H8114–15 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
H.R. 7780, to support the behavioral needs of 
students and youth, invest in the school-based be-
havioral health workforce, and ensure access to men-
tal health and substance use disorder benefits, with 
an amendment (H. Rept. 117–484); 
H. Res. 1239, of inquiry directing the Attorney 
General to provide certain documents in his posses-
sion to the House of Representatives relating to the 
October 4, 2021 memorandum issued by the Attor-
ney General entitled ‘‘Partnership Among Federal, 
State, Local, Tribal, and Territorial Law Enforcement 
to Address Threats Against School Administrators, 
Board Members, Teachers, and Staff’’, with amend-
ments; adversely (H. Rept. 117–485); 
H. Res. 1238, of inquiry requesting the President 
to provide certain documents to the House of Rep-
resentatives relating to the October 4, 2021 memo-
randum issued by the Attorney General entitled 
‘‘Partnership Among Federal, State, Local, Tribal, 
and Territorial Law Enforcement to Address Threats 
Against School Administrators, Board Members, 
Teachers, and Staff’’, with amendments; adversely 
(H. Rept. 117–486); 
H. Res. 1241, of inquiry directing the Secretary 
of Homeland Security to provide certain documents 
in his possession to the House of Representatives re-
lating to immigration enforcement and border secu-
rity, with an amendment; adversely (H. Rept. 
117–487); 
H. Res. 1249, of inquiry directing the Secretary 
of the Interior to transmit certain documents to the 
House of Representatives relating to the impact of 
illegal immigration on federal or tribal lands, with 
an amendment; adversely (H. Rept. 117–488); 
H. Res. 1250, of inquiry directing the Secretary 
of Homeland Security to transmit certain documents 
to the House of Representatives relating to the im-
pact of illegal immigration on Federal or Tribal 
lands, with an amendment; adversely (H. Rept. 
117–489); 
H. Res. 1257, of inquiry directing the Secretary 
of Health and Human Services to provide certain 
documents in the Secretary’s possession to the House 
of Representatives relating to the establishment of an 
Emergency Intake Site in Erie, Pennsylvania, at the 
Pennsylvania International Academy, to house the 
influx of unaccompanied migrant children, with an 
amendment; adversely (H. Rept. 117–490); and H. 
Res. 1325, of inquiry requesting the President and 
directing Attorney General Merrick B. Garland to 
transmit, respectively, a copy of the affidavit to the 
House of Representatives related to the raid on the 
former President, with amendments; adversely (H. 
Rept. 117–491).                                                         Page H8111 
Recess: The House recessed at 9:54 a.m. and recon-
vened at 12:29 p.m.                                                 Page H8080 
Invest to Protect Act of 2022: The House passed 
H.R. 6448, to direct the Director of the Office of 
Community Oriented Policing Services of the De-
partment of Justice to carry out a grant program to 
provide assistance to police departments with fewer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:04 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D22SE2.REC
D22SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 154-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
D1018 
September 22, 2022 
than 200 law enforcement officers, by a yea-and-nay 
vote of 360 yeas to 64 nays, Roll No. 451. 
                                                                Pages H8085–90, H8100–01 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules 
Committee Print 117–65 shall be considered as 
adopted.                                                                  Pages H8085–90 
H. Res. 1377, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 4118), (H.R. 5768), (H.R. 6448), 
and (H.R. 8542) was agreed to by a yea-and-nay 
vote of 216 yeas to 215 nays with one answering 
‘‘present’’, Roll No. 450, after the previous question 
was ordered without objection.                   Pages H8080–81 
Mental Health Justice Act of 2022: The House 
passed H.R. 8542, to amend the Public Health Serv-
ice Act to authorize grants to States, Indian Tribes, 
Tribal organizations, Urban Indian organizations, 
and political subdivisions thereof to hire, employ, 
train, and dispatch mental health professionals to re-
spond in lieu of law enforcement officers in emer-
gencies involving one or more persons with a mental 
illness or an intellectual or developmental disability, 
by a yea-and-nay vote of 223 yeas to 206 nays, Roll 
No. 452.                                             Pages H8081–85, H8101–02 
H. Res. 1377, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 4118), (H.R. 5768), (H.R. 6448), 
and (H.R. 8542) was agreed to by a yea-and-nay 
vote of 216 yeas to 215 nays with one answering 
‘‘present’’, Roll No. 450, after the previous question 
was ordered without objection.                   Pages H8080–81 
Break the Cycle of Violence Act: The House 
passed H.R. 4118, to authorize the Secretary of 
Health and Human Services to build safer, thriving 
communities, and save lives, by investing in effective 
community-based violence reduction initiatives, by a 
yea-and-nay vote of 220 yeas to 207 nays, Roll No. 
453.                                                       Pages H8090–96, H8102–03 
H. Res. 1377, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 4118), (H.R. 5768), (H.R. 6448), 
and (H.R. 8542) was agreed to by a yea-and-nay 
vote of 216 yeas to 215 nays with one answering 
‘‘present’’, Roll No. 450, after the previous question 
was ordered without objection.                   Pages H8080–81 
Violent Incident Clearance and Technological 
Investigative Methods Act: The House passed H.R. 
5768, to direct the Attorney General to establish a 
grant program to establish, create, and administer 
the violent incident clearance and technology inves-
tigative method, by a yea-and-nay vote of 250 yeas 
to 178 nays, Roll No. 454. 
                                                         Pages H8096–H8100, H8103–04 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To di-
rect the Attorney General to establish a grant pro-
gram to establish, implement, and administer the 
violent incident clearance and technology investiga-
tive method, and for other purposes.’’.           Page H8103 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules 
Committee Print 117–62, modified by the amend-
ment printed in H. Rept. 117–483, shall be consid-
ered as adopted, in lieu of the amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee 
on the Judiciary now printed in the bill. 
                                                                             Pages H8096–H8100 
H. Res. 1377, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 4118), (H.R. 5768), (H.R. 6448), 
and (H.R. 8542) was agreed to by a yea-and-nay 
vote of 216 yeas to 215 nays with one answering 
‘‘present’’, Roll No. 450, after the previous question 
was ordered without objection.                   Pages H8080–81 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate 
today appears on page H8085. 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Five yea-and-nay votes de-
veloped during the proceedings of today and appear 
on 
pages 
H8080–81, 
H8100–01, 
H8101–02, 
H8102–03, and H8103–04. 
Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-
journed at 6:14 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
STATE OF EMERGENCY: EXAMINING THE 
IMPACT OF GROWING WILDFIRE RISK ON 
THE INSURANCE MARKET 
Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on 
Housing, Community Development, and Insurance 
held a hearing entitled ‘‘State of Emergency: Exam-
ining the Impact of Growing Wildfire Risk on the 
Insurance Market’’. Testimony was heard from public 
witnesses. 
FEDERAL BUILDING SECURITY: 
EXAMINING THE RISK ASSESSMENT 
PROCESS 
Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on 
Oversight, Management, and Accountability held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘Federal Building Security: Exam-
ining the Risk Assessment Process’’. Testimony was 
heard from Richard Cline, Principal Deputy Direc-
tor, Federal Protective Service, Department of 
Homeland Security; Scott Breor, Associate Director 
of Security Programs, Cybersecurity and Infrastruc-
ture Security Agency, Department of Homeland Se-
curity; and Catina Latham, Director of the Physical 
Infrastructure Team (Acting), Government Account-
ability Office. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:04 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00004
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D22SE2.REC
D22SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 155-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
D1019 
September 22, 2022 
POWER AND PROFITEERING: HOW 
CERTAIN INDUSTRIES HIKED PRICES, 
FLEECED CONSUMERS, AND DROVE 
INFLATION 
Committee on Oversight and Reform: Subcommittee on 
Economic and Consumer Policy held a hearing enti-
tled ‘‘Power and Profiteering: How Certain Indus-
tries Hiked Prices, Fleeced Consumers, and Drove 
Inflation’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-
nesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: On September 21, 
2022, Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 6273, 
the ‘‘VA Zero Suicide Demonstration Project Act of 
2021’’; H.R. 3793, the ‘‘Support Families of the 
Fallen Act’’; H.R. 8888, the ‘‘Food Security for All 
Veterans Act’’; H.R. 8852, the ‘‘End Veteran Hun-
ger Act of 2022’’; H.R. 8875, the ‘‘Expanding 
Home Loans for Guard and Reservists Act’’; H.R. 
2800, the ‘‘WINGMAN Act’’; H.R. 8510, the 
‘‘Strengthening Whistleblower Protections at the 
Department of Veterans Affairs Act’’; H.R. 5918, to 
amend title 38, United States Code, to ensure that 
the Secretary of Veterans Affairs repays members of 
the Armed Forces for certain contributions made by 
such members of towards Post-9/11 Educational As-
sistance; H.R. 1957, the ‘‘Veterans Infertility Treat-
ment Act of 2021’’; H.R. 4601, the ‘‘Commitment 
to Veteran Support and Outreach Act’’; H.R. 3304, 
the ‘‘CARS for Vets Act’’; H.R. 2521, the ‘‘DOULA 
for VA Act of 2021’’; and H.R. 7589, the ‘‘RE-
MOVE Copays Act’’. H.R. 6273, H.R. 3793, H.R. 
8888, H.R. 8852, H.R. 8875, and H.R. 2800 were 
ordered reported, without amendment. H.R. 5918, 
H.R. 1957, H.R. 8510, H.R. 4601, H.R. 3304, 
H.R. 2521, and H.R. 7589 were ordered reported, 
as amended. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, 
SEPTEMBER 23, 2022 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. 
House 
No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:04 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00005
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D22SE2.REC
D22SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 156-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional Record
The Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each House
of Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, United
States Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶ Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶ To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO
63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶ Following
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶ With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record.
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.
U
N
U
M
E
P
LU
RI
B
U
S
D1020 
September 22, 2022 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
11 a.m., Friday, September 23 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Friday: Senate will meet in pro forma ses-
sion. 
Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
10 a.m., Monday, September 26 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: House will meet in Pro Forma 
session at 10 a.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Aderholt, Robert B., Ala., E976 
Axne, Cynthia, Iowa, E965 
Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E966 
Blunt Rochester, Lisa, Del., E971 
Bost, Mike, Ill., E969 
Burgess, Michael C., Tex., E967 
Carter, Troy A., La., E969, E975 
Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E968 
Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E970 
Correa, J. Luis, Calif., E970, E973 
Courtney, Joe, Conn., E972 
Guthrie, Brett, Ky., E973 
Kim, Andy, N.J., E973 
LaHood, Darin, Ill., E970, E972 
Lamborn, Doug, Colo., E968 
Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E973 
Maloney, Carolyn B., N.Y., E974 
Meijer, Peter, Mich., E970 
Neal, Richard E., Mass., E967 
Newhouse, Dan, Wash., E968 
Panetta, Jimmy, Calif., E965, E967, E969, E974 
Pappas, Chris, N.H., E973 
Ryan, Tim, Ohio, E974 
Schakowsky, Janice D., Ill., E966 
Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E966 
Thompson, Glenn, Pa., E965 
Thompson, Mike, Calif., E972 
Titus, Dina, Nev., E975 
Tlaib, Rashida, Mich., E965 
Van Drew, Jefferson, N.J., E965, E966, E969, E971, E974 
Van Duyne, Beth, Tex., E966, E972 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:04 Sep 23, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00006
Fmt 0664
Sfmt 0664
E:\CR\FM\D22SE2.REC
D22SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 157-
