Congressional Record
U
N
U
M
E
P
LU
RI
B
U
S
United States
of America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 117th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.
S2629 
Vol. 168 
WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, MAY 19, 2022 
No. 87 
Senate 
The Senate met at 4:07 p.m. and was 
called to order by the Honorable RAPH-
AEL G. WARNOCK, a Senator from the 
State of Georgia. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING 
PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE 
The 
PRESIDING 
OFFICER. 
The 
clerk will please read a communication 
to the Senate from the President pro 
tempore (Mr. LEAHY). 
The bill clerk read the following let-
ter: 
U.S. SENATE, 
PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE, 
Washington, DC, May 19, 2022. 
To the Senate: 
Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, 
of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby 
appoint the Honorable RAPHAEL G. WARNOCK, 
a Senator from the State of Georgia, to per-
form the duties of the Chair. 
PATRICK J. LEAHY, 
President pro tempore. 
Mr. WARNOCK thereupon assumed 
the Chair as Acting President pro tem-
pore. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The Senator from Michigan. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the morning 
hour be deemed expired. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
JOURNAL OF PROCEEDINGS 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Journal of 
proceedings be approved to date. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
Ms. STABENOW. I ask unanimous 
consent that the time for the two lead-
ers be reserved for their use later in 
the day. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate be 
in a period of morning business, with 
Senators permitted to speak therein 
for up to 10 minutes each. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE 
Ms. STABENOW. As if in executive 
session, I ask unanimous consent that 
all postcloture time on the Davis nomi-
nation be expired and the Senate vote 
on confirmation of the nomination at 
2:30 p.m. on Tuesday, May 24; further, 
that the cloture motions filed during 
yesterday’s session of the Senate ripen 
upon disposition of the Davis nomina-
tion, and that if any of the nomina-
tions are confirmed during Tuesday’s 
session, the motions to reconsider be 
considered made and laid upon the 
table and the President be immediately 
notified of the Senate’s action. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Is there objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate 
proceed to executive session to con-
sider the following nominations en 
bloc: Calendar Nos. 811, 888, 889, and 
890; that the Senate vote on the nomi-
nations en bloc without intervening ac-
tion or debate; that the motions to re-
consider be considered made and laid 
upon the table with no intervening ac-
tion or debate; that any statements re-
lated to the nominations be printed in 
the RECORD; that the President be im-
mediately notified of the Senate’s ac-
tion; and that the Senate resume legis-
lative session. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Is there objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
The question is, Will the Senate ad-
vise and consent to the nominations of 
Rebecca Eliza Gonzales, of Texas, a Ca-
reer Member of the Senior Foreign 
Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to 
be Director of the Office of Foreign 
Missions, with rank of Ambassador; 
Flor Romero, of California, to be a 
Member of the Board of Directors of 
the Corporation for National and Com-
munity Service for a term expiring De-
cember 1, 2025; Christine M. Kim, of 
Colorado, to be a Member of the Na-
tional Council on the Humanities for a 
term expiring January 26, 2026; and 
Karen Ann Stout, of Pennsylvania, to 
be a Member of the National Council 
on the Humanities for a term expiring 
January 26, 2026, en bloc? 
The nominations were confirmed en 
bloc. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The Senate will now resume leg-
islative session. 
f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CAL-
ENDAR—H.R. 350, S. 4261, H.R. 7688, 
and H.R. 7790. 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I un-
derstand that there are four bills at the 
desk due for a second reading en bloc. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The clerk will read the bills by 
title for a second time. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 350) to authorize dedicated do-
mestic terrorism offices within the Depart-
ment of Homeland Security, the Department 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:38 May 20, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.051
S19MYPT2
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE
® 
Pdnted on recycled papfil 

 -Page 0-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S2630 
May 19, 2022 
of Justice, and the Federal Bureau of Inves-
tigation to analyze and monitor domestic 
terrorist activity and require the Federal 
Government to take steps to prevent domes-
tic terrorism. 
A bill (S. 4261) to suspend duties and other 
restrictions on the importation of infant for-
mula to address the shortage of infant for-
mula in the United States, and for other pur-
poses. 
A bill (H.R. 7688) to protect consumers 
from price-gouging of consumer fuels, and 
for other purposes. 
A bill (H.R. 7790) making emergency sup-
plemental appropriations to address the 
shortage of infant formula in the United 
States for the fiscal year ending September 
30, 2022, and for other purposes. 
Ms. STABENOW. In order to place 
the bills on the calendar under the pro-
visions of rule XIV, I would object to 
further proceeding en bloc. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Objection having been heard, the 
bills will be placed on the calendar. 
f 
SIGNING AUTHORITY 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the junior 
Senator from Washington be author-
ized to sign duly enrolled bills or joint 
resolutions from May 19, 2022, through 
May 23, 2022. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
AUTHORIZING 
TESTIMONY 
AND 
REPRESENTATION 
IN 
UNITED 
STATES V. HALE-CUSANELLI 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate 
proceed the immediate consideration of 
S. Res. 645 which was submitted earlier 
today. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The clerk will report the resolu-
tion by title. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 645) to authorize tes-
timony and representation in United States 
v. Hale-Cusanelli. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, the 
next criminal trial arising out of the 
events of January 6, 2021, is scheduled 
to begin on May 23, 2022, in Federal dis-
trict court in the District of Columbia. 
The defendant in this case is charged 
with 
five 
counts: 
obstructing 
the 
counting by Congress of the electoral 
ballots for President and Vice Presi-
dent; entering and remaining in a re-
stricted area within the U.S. Capitol 
grounds; 
unlawful 
parading, 
dem-
onstrating, and picketing; and two 
counts of engaging in disorderly and 
disruptive conduct. 
The prosecution has requested trial 
testimony from Daniel Schwager, for-
merly counsel to the Secretary of the 
Senate, related to the obstruction 
count, including his knowledge and ob-
servations of the process and constitu-
tional and legal bases for Congress’s 
certification of the Electoral College 
vote. The prosecution is also seeking 
testimony at trial, if necessary, from 
Nate 
Russell 
and 
Diego 
Torres, 
custodians of records in the Senate Re-
cording Studio, which operates under 
the authority of the Sergeant at Arms 
and Doorkeeper of the Senate, to au-
thenticate Senate video of the pro-
ceeding that day. Senate Secretary 
Berry and Senate Sergeant at Arms 
Gibson would like to cooperate with 
these requests by providing relevant 
testimony in this proceeding from 
Messrs. Schwager, Russell, and Torres, 
respectively. 
In keeping with the rules and prac-
tices of the Senate, this resolution 
would authorize the production of rel-
evant 
testimony 
from 
Messrs. 
Schwager, Russell, and Torres, with 
representation by the Senate legal 
counsel. 
Ms. STABENOW. I further ask unani-
mous consent that the resolution be 
agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, 
and that the motions to reconsider be 
considered made and laid upon the 
table with no intervening action or de-
bate. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 645) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. 
(The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s RECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR MONDAY, MAY 23, 
2022, THROUGH TUESDAY, MAY 24, 
2022 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that when the Sen-
ate completes its business today, it ad-
journ to then convene for a pro forma 
session only, with no business being 
conducted, on the following date and 
time: Monday, May 23, at 1:45 p.m. I 
further ask that when the Senate ad-
journs on Monday, May 23, it next con-
vene at 10 a.m., Tuesday, May 24; fur-
ther, that following the prayer and 
pledge, the morning hour be deemed 
expired, the Journal of proceedings be 
approved to date, the time for the two 
leaders be reserved for their use later 
in the day, and morning business be 
closed; that upon the conclusion of 
morning business, the Senate proceed 
to executive session to resume consid-
eration of the Lindenbaum nomination; 
further, that the Senate recess from 
12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for 
the weekly caucus meetings. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-
fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-
sent that it stand adjourned under the 
previous order following the remarks of 
Senator SULLIVAN. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
The Senator from Alaska. 
f 
ENERGY 
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, to the 
fans of the Alaskan of the Week series, 
I regret to say this is not going to be 
an Alaskan of the Week speech. Stay 
tuned. We will have more. Sorry to the 
pages. I know this is their favorite 
speech of the week. 
Actually, unfortunately, regrettably, 
Mr. President, this is what I am refer-
ring to as an anti-Alaskan of the Week 
speech, and you are going to under-
stand why here in a minute because I 
want to talk right now in the Senate 
about what everybody else in America 
is talking about when you actually 
leave the bubble of the beltway and 
you go home. 
I was home last weekend. I try to get 
home almost every weekend. What are 
people talking about? They are talking 
about inflation; they are talking about 
the high cost of everything; they are 
talking about formula; and, of course, 
Mr. President, they are really talking 
about the high cost of energy that is 
crushing working families in our Na-
tion—certainly in my State but all 
over the country. 
A few stats on that: We have now had 
10 days in a row of record high gas 
prices. In Alaska, we hit $5 a gallon for 
the first time ever at the pump. Re-
member, at the end of the Trump ad-
ministration, gas was $2.39 a gallon. 
During the Biden years—not even a 
year and a half—it is up 91 percent—91 
percent. The price of natural gas in 
America doubled last year. This is hav-
ing a devastating impact on Americans 
across the board but particularly work-
ing families, middle-class families, peo-
ple on fixed incomes. 
Now, the President keeps saying that 
he is doing all he can to address this 
problem of high energy costs in Amer-
ica. The Secretary of Energy today tes-
tified in front of the Armed Services 
Committee. She said that the adminis-
tration is doing all it can to increase 
supplies of oil and gas in America. 
Respectfully, to the President, the 
Secretary of Energy, the Secretary of 
the Interior: None of this is true. It is 
not even close, and I see it on a daily 
basis back home in Alaska. And here is 
the thing: The American people know 
it is not true. The American people 
know it is not true. 
This wasn’t last weekend when I was 
home; this was about 4 weekends ago. I 
was filling up my truck. Actually, it 
was three-quarters empty. So my truck 
was on one-quarter full, an F–150. It 
cost me almost $110 to fill that up. Had 
the truck been empty, it would have 
been $142 to fill that up. By the way, 
now that we have had these increases 
at the pump since 4 or 5 weeks ago, the 
estimate—if you own an F–150 and it is 
5 bucks a gallon, it is about $150 to fill 
up your truck. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:38 May 20, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19MY6.006
S19MYPT2
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 1-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S2631 
May 19, 2022 
Now, Mr. President, this is the meter 
that I filled my truck up with, and you 
see this little sticker. That is Joe 
Biden, and it says, ‘‘I did that.’’ I did 
that, America; I made these prices 
really high. These stickers are sponta-
neously showing up everywhere in 
America. Every State in the country, 
when you go to gas stations, has that 
‘‘I did that.’’ For anybody watching on 
TV, I encourage you to keep doing that 
because the American people are wise, 
Mr. President. 
The Secretary of Energy, Joe Biden, 
they keep claiming: We are doing all 
we can to make sure you don’t get 
crushed by energy increases. And it is 
not true, and this just shows it. People 
get it. Joe Biden did that, and we know 
it. The American people know it. So we 
all know this. 
Day one of the Biden administration, 
there was a focus on shutting down oil 
and gas production—certainly in my 
State but across the country—limiting 
the ability to actually transport en-
ergy—Keystone XL—but oil and gas 
pipelines; going to financial institu-
tions, strong-arming them not to in-
vest in the American energy sector. All 
those things happened and have been 
happening since the beginning of this 
administration. 
So now that you are seeing that the 
whole country knows that the respon-
sibility of these high energy prices are 
from this administration and this 
President—‘‘I did that’’; there you go— 
you might be thinking: All right, peo-
ple are really hurting. This is driving 
up inflation. The Biden administration 
is probably saying: Hey, let’s do a 
course correction. Let’s try to really 
increase the supply of energy, not 
strong-arm financial institutions to 
get rid of energy or to make it harder 
to invest in. 
So has there been a course correc-
tion? Is the Secretary of Energy, as she 
testified today—and the President—We 
are doing all we can to increase produc-
tion—well, the answer is no. The an-
swer is no. 
Let me give you three examples, just 
in the past few weeks, that dem-
onstrate this 100 percent that their 
goal continues to be to shut down en-
ergy production and still make it hard 
as heck to produce and build energy in-
frastructure. Two are very close to 
home for me, unfortunately. 
Last week, the Federal Government, 
the Biden administration, at the last 
minute, canceled a lease sale for oil 
and gas leases in a place we call Cook 
Inlet in Alaska. I was actually on the 
Kenai Peninsula, where Cook Inlet is, 
last weekend. 
The people were furious. They were 
furious. This is a lease sale. We have 
State leases, Federal leases. And Cook 
Inlet, this is the original major hydro-
carbon basin in Alaska, still producing 
oil and gas. We had a Federal lease sale 
canceled. None of this is controversial. 
We have them all the time. The Biden 
administration canceled it. So much 
for wanting to increase production— 
canceling the lease sales. 
Let me give you another one, Mr. 
President. The National Petroleum Re-
serve of Alaska, set aside by Congress 
decades ago, probably the most prolific 
basin in the world right now for oil and 
gas—when you explore there, explorers 
are finding billion-barrel fields. Not 
controversial—it has been set aside, 
like I said, for decades for oil and gas 
production. Three weeks ago, the Biden 
administration announced in an Execu-
tive order they were going to take half 
of that massive petroleum reserve off 
the table for any exploration and devel-
opment—just 3 weeks ago. That is the 
biggest oil and gas reserve in the coun-
try by far, the most prolific producing 
energy basin, probably in the world, 
and they took half of it off the table. 
And they claim they are trying to in-
crease production, increase supply? Not 
true. 
And the third one, again, just in the 
last 3 weeks, Mr. President: The Coun-
cil on Environmental Quality at the 
White House issued new rules on how 
to implement NEPA, the permitting 
that 
goes 
into 
any 
infrastructure 
project. By every measure—by every 
measure, these new rules are meant to 
delay the building of American infra-
structure, especially oil and gas infra-
structure. 
Mr. President, I have here two edi-
torials from the Wall Street Journal 
that I ask unanimous consent to have 
printed in the RECORD. One is called 
‘‘How to Kill American Infrastructure 
on the Sly: The White House revises 
NEPA rules that will scuttle new 
roads, bridges and oil and gas pipe-
lines.’’ And the other is called ‘‘A Bi-
partisan 
Energy 
Deal? 
Overriding 
Biden’s new NEPA rules blockade is es-
sential for fossil fuels and solar and 
wind power’’ development. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the 
RECORD, as follows: 
HOW TO KILL AMERICAN INFRASTRUCTURE ON 
THE SLY 
Americans are going to need a split-screen 
for the Biden Administration’s policy con-
tradictions. Even as the President on Tues-
day promoted the bipartisan infrastructure 
bill he signed last November, the White 
House moved to make it harder to build 
roads, bridges and, of course, oil and natural- 
gas pipelines. 
The White House Council on Environ-
mental Quality is revising rules under the 
National Environmental Policy Act for per-
mitting major construction projects. CEQ 
Chair Brenda Mallory says the changes will 
‘‘provide regulatory certainty’’ and ‘‘reduce 
conflict.’’ Instead, they will cause more liti-
gation and delays that raise construction 
costs, if they don’t kill projects outright. 
NEPA requires federal agencies to review 
the environmental impact of major projects 
that are funded by the feds or require a fed-
eral permit. Reviews can take years and run 
thousands of pages, covering the smallest po-
tential impact on species, air or water qual-
ity. Project developers can be forced to miti-
gate these effects by, say, relocating species. 
While the 1970 law was intended to prevent 
environmental disasters, it has become a 
weapon to block development. The Trump 
Administration sought to fast-track projects 
by limiting NEPA reviews to environmental 
effects that are directly foreseeable—e.g., 
how a pipeline’s construction would affect a 
stream it crosses. 
Some liberal judges, however, have inter-
preted NEPA broadly to require the study of 
effects that indirectly result from a project 
such as CO2 emissions. Now the Biden Ad-
ministration is mandating this. CEQ’s new 
rule will require agencies to calculate the 
‘‘indirect’’ and ‘‘cumulative impacts’’ that 
‘‘can result from individually minor but col-
lectively significant actions taking place 
over a period of time.’’ This means death by 
a 
thousand 
regulatory 
cuts 
for 
many 
projects. 
The Transportation Department will likely 
have to examine how a highway expansion 
could increase greenhouse-gas emissions in 
concert with new warehouses. The Federal 
Energy Regulatory Commission might have 
to calculate how a new pipeline would affect 
emissions from upstream production and 
downstream consumption. 
Wait—didn’t FERC recently walk back its 
policy to do exactly this? The White House is 
thumbing its nose at West Virginia Sen. Joe 
Manchin, who blasted FERC’s now-suspended 
policy for shutting ‘‘down the infrastructure 
we desperately need as a country.’’ 
The rule’s obvious intent is to make it 
harder to build pipelines, roads and other in-
frastructure that would enable more U.S. oil 
and gas production, even as the Administra-
tion makes phony gestures to reduce energy 
prices. Last Friday the Administration an-
nounced it would comply with a court order 
to hold oil and gas lease sales on public land. 
Those leases won’t matter if energy compa-
nies can’t get federal permits for rights-of- 
way. 
While fossil fuels may be the rule’s polit-
ical target, don’t be surprised if green energy 
is snagged in this trip-wire. Environmental 
groups have used NEPA to block new min-
eral mines and transmission lines that con-
nect distant renewable energy sources to 
population centers. In this Administration, 
the left hand doesn’t seem to know what the 
far left hand is doing. 
A BIPARTISAN ENERGY DEAL? 
OVERRIDING BIDEN’S NEPA RULES BLOCKADE IS 
ESSENTIAL FOR FOSSIL FUELS AND SOLAR AND 
WIND POWER 
West Virginia Democrat Joe Manchin 
wants to cut a bipartisan compromise on en-
ergy. It’s not a crazy idea, but the risk is 
that Democrats will lure Republicans into 
accepting superficial permitting reforms in 
return for a gusher of green energy spending. 
Any worthwhile deal, at a minimum, 
should make the National Environmental 
Policy Act (NEPA) a less lethal regulatory 
weapon. While a large pipeline can be built 
in a year or two, federal permitting can take 
two to three times as long. If there are law-
suits—and there always are—you’re looking 
at a decade or more. Add that to the cost in 
present value of any energy or other project. 
The bipartisan infrastructure deal included 
modest NEPA reforms, such as a two-year 
shot clock for federal agencies to complete 
environmental impact statements. The law 
also requires federal agencies to work on a 
review at the same time rather than wait in 
turn. 
Alas, the Administration’s new NEPA reg-
ulations, announced last month, will create 
more red tape that increases costs and ex-
pands litigation risk. Federal agencies going 
forward will have to consider the ‘‘cumu-
lative’’ and ‘‘indirect’’ project impact. 
While the rules don’t specify every poten-
tial tangential impact, they put an emphasis 
on climate and ‘‘environmental justice.’’ 
Project developers will have to mitigate 
these effects—say, by installing electric-ve-
hicle chargers in minority communities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:38 May 20, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.054
S19MYPT2
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE
--

 -Page 2-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S2632 
May 19, 2022 
This is a way to get businesses to pay for the 
Administration’s Build Back Better plan 
that can’t pass Congress. 
The 
Administration’s 
inflated 
‘‘social 
cost’’ of carbon—a speculative estimate of 
the global harm that could result from cli-
mate change, including foreign conflict and 
migration—will jack up costs even more. The 
White House pegs the social cost of CO2 at 
$51 per ton—about 50 times higher than the 
Trump Administration’s estimate—and is 
planning to increase it. 
A higher cost of carbon means that compa-
nies could have to spend more to compensate 
for their emissions—and regulators are sure 
to deem some projects too costly to permit. 
Any energy deal should override the Admin-
istration’s NEPA anti-reforms and explicitly 
prohibit federal agencies from considering 
climate and social factors. 
It should also limit executive discretion to 
wall off federal land from development under 
the Antiquities Act and Endangered Species 
Act. And it should limit states’ power under 
the Clean Water Act to veto pipelines and 
high-voltage transmission lines. This would 
help green energy too. 
How about setting a shot clock on approv-
ing drilling permits? Texas requires regu-
lators to process permits in three days. The 
Biden Administration on average takes six 
months. Pipelines planned in existing rights- 
of-way of other pipelines should be approved 
automatically. 
Another idea reportedly under consider-
ation is to deem liquefied natural gas ex-
ports to a NATO country to be in the ‘‘public 
interest,’’ thereby short-circuiting Depart-
ment of Energy review. Even better: Elimi-
nate DOE’s reviews. They’re redundant since 
the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission 
must permit export terminals. 
The model for a deal would be the 2015 
compromise between Barack Obama and 
Paul Ryan that lifted the ban on oil exports 
while extending green energy tax credits. 
The model should not be the infrastructure 
deal that Republican Senators agreed to last 
summer that included mostly liberal prior-
ities—e.g., a public transit blowout—with 
small permitting reforms sprinkled in. 
Republicans will likely gain leverage after 
the midterms to negotiate reforms, so 
there’s no urgency to strike a deal now. No 
deal is better than a bad one. 
Mr. SULLIVAN. The Laborers’ Inter-
national, led by a great American, 
Terry O’Sullivan, they came out—these 
are the largest building trades—the 
largest construction union in the coun-
try. These are the men and women who 
build things in our country. They came 
out fully against these new NEPA rules 
saying directly that they would delay 
the building of American infrastruc-
ture, 
particularly 
energy 
projects: 
wind, solar, oil, gas. 
The Biden administration issued that 
3 weeks ago. So those are just three ex-
amples, but it is not just they are still 
very focused on shutting down the pro-
duction of energy—and the people of 
our great country know it; they know 
Joe Biden did that—but they are doing 
it in a way that is not transparent and, 
to be perfectly blunt, is dishonest. 
Let me give you two examples— 
again, unfortunately, directly impact-
ing my State, my constituents. When 
the Biden administration leaked to the 
press—by Gina McCarthy, by the way, 
someone who is really hostile to Alas-
ka and really hostile to energy devel-
opment. When they leaked to the press 
last week that they were going to can-
cel the Cook Inlet lease sale, they 
scrambled to come up with a reason. 
Look, the reason is they hate oil and 
gas development, especially in my 
State, but they tried to come up with 
something. 
So they later put out and said, well, 
there was no industry interest in the 
lease sale. They were actually basing 
that on interest almost 2 years ago. 
But I know—Senator MURKOWSKI men-
tioned it in a hearing today with Deb 
Haaland—that we know for a fact there 
was interest in this lease sale; there 
was industry interest in the Cook Inlet 
lease sale. So the administration was 
spinning a falsehood. 
Here is the other thing, Mr. Presi-
dent. I used to be the DNR commis-
sioner in Alaska. We did all kinds of oil 
and gas lease sales on State land. The 
fact of the matter is, you almost never 
know who is interested until you actu-
ally have the sale. Companies don’t 
say: Oh, yeah, we are coming. They 
keep that really closely held for com-
petitive reasons. And it wouldn’t cost 
the Federal Government a dime to hold 
the lease sale. You find out if there is 
interest by actually holding the lease 
sale, but the Biden administration was 
spinning it that there was no interest. 
That is a falsehood; we know that. 
Let me give you another one, Mr. 
President. When the administration, 3 
weeks ago, took half of the National 
Petroleum Reserve of Alaska off the 
table—which, by the way, should dis-
turb every American, as that was set 
aside by Congress for oil and gas devel-
opment—the Secretary of the Interior 
was actually in Alaska. She was hold-
ing a listening session with the Native 
leaders in the North Slope Borough 
where the NPRA actually is. 
And every single one of these leaders, 
with the exception of one, said to Sec-
retary 
Haaland: 
Madam 
Secretary, 
please, no more restrictions on the de-
velopment of our natural resources up 
here. It undermines economic oppor-
tunity. It takes away from develop-
ment that we need in our Native com-
munities—that most Americans take 
for granted: roads, bridges, schools, 
clinics, flush toilets. Please, Madam 
Secretary, no more restrictions. 
The Secretary comes back from Alas-
ka, and 72 hours after her visit to the 
State, she and her Department issue a 
100-page record of decision saying, We 
are going to take half of the NPRA off 
the table, the very place she was with 
the Native leaders who said: Don’t do 
it. 
And the real audacity is there is a 
section in the record of decision which 
was clearly written before her visit to 
Alaska, her listening session. It wasn’t 
a listening session at all because she 
had a predetermined outcome that she 
did not let the people of Alaska know 
about or the Native leaders of Alaska 
know about, and there was a section in 
that record of decision that said: We 
are doing this in part because the Na-
tive people want it to protect subsist-
ence. The Native leaders just told her 
the opposite. Like I said, dishonest, 
nontransparent, not truthful. 
I will admit there are few places in 
the world, if you are lucky enough to 
live there, that the Biden administra-
tion actually is doing all it can to in-
crease the production and supply of en-
ergy—two places, as far as I can tell. 
Let me talk about those two places. 
The first is New Mexico, the State of 
New Mexico. Close to half the oil and 
gas permits issued by the Federal Gov-
ernment last year went to one State. 
Every State in the country like mine is 
trying to get permits. Guess which 
State got 2,286 oil and gas permits in 
2021. New Mexico. Alaska is being 
crushed: no lease sales in Cook Inlet, 
NPRA, half of it off the table, probably 
about the size of New Mexico, and New 
Mexico is getting special treatment. 
Hmm. Interesting. A couple of rea-
sons why that is interesting. Let’s see. 
Who is from New Mexico? Oh, my good-
ness, the Secretary of Interior is from 
New Mexico. Isn’t that interesting? I 
think that is interesting. I wish the 
media thought that was interesting. 
Could you imagine if that was a Repub-
lican Secretary of the Interior favoring 
his State over every other State in the 
country for more oil and gas produc-
tion? The New York Times and the 
Washington Post would have a field 
day. If this was Ryan Zinke, there 
would be a front-page story once a day 
but not if it is a Democratic Secretary 
of the Interior. 
Almost half the oil and gas permits 
in America issued by the Federal Gov-
ernment last year went to one State, 
New Mexico. Hmm. Who else is from 
New Mexico? Well, the senior Senator 
from New Mexico is obviously from 
New Mexico. In December, I gave a 
speech about all that he is doing—that 
I am still very riled up about—to shut 
down oil and gas production in Alaska. 
The senior Senator from New Mexico 
spent a lot of his time writing letters 
to banks, writing letters to insurance 
companies, writing letters to his fellow 
New Mexican, Deb Haaland, on how to 
shut down oil and gas development in 
Alaska. 
Now, why would he care about Alas-
ka? I don’t really know. But in his let-
ters, he said we need to shut down, no 
investment in Alaska banks, insurance 
companies to ‘‘achieve America’s cli-
mate goals.’’ That is one Senator try-
ing to crush my State to ‘‘achieve 
America’s climate goals.’’ Hmm. I am 
still not sure why that Senator cares so 
much about crushing my State. But 
like his New Mexico colleague, the Sec-
retary of the Interior, they are doing a 
pretty good job of hurting my State, 
especially the Native communities. 
Today in the ENR Committee, the 
senior Senator from New Mexico, with 
Secretary Haaland testifying, had the 
audacity to brag that New Mexico’s oil 
and gas production is up 400 percent in 
the last decade. 
Now, look, I think this is good for 
the country. I think it is good for New 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:38 May 20, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00004
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19MY6.017
S19MYPT2
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 3-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S2633 
May 19, 2022 
Mexico’s oil and gas workers—400 per-
cent. He was bragging about that while 
still writing letters to shut down oil 
and gas production in Alaska. By the 
way, that is not how the Senate oper-
ates. Could you imagine if we all at-
tacked each other’s States? It wouldn’t 
work really well here. 
Here is the other thing about this. 
New Mexico’s production has gone up 
more than Alaska’s now, and guess 
what else has gone up. My goodness, 
their carbon emissions are through the 
roof—through the roof. Where is the 
concern about ‘‘achieving America’s 
climate goals’’ in New Mexico, from 
New Mexico—from the senior Senator 
from 
New 
Mexico 
or 
Secretary 
Haaland? 
Here is the bottom line on that. You 
want to shut down Alaska to ‘‘achieve 
America’s climate goals,’’ but you are 
good to go with cranking it up in your 
State and not mentioning climate 
change or climate goals at all. In most 
parts of America, we just call this rank 
hypocrisy—but I guess not so in New 
Mexico. And it is wrong. We all know it 
is wrong. Heck, even the senior Sen-
ator from New Mexico knows it is 
wrong, and it is harmful to my con-
stituents. 
New Mexico is the place that the 
Biden administration and Secretary 
Haaland are clearly trying to dramati-
cally increase oil production. I guess 
they are lucky. They are increasing 
carbon emissions a lot too. They don’t 
talk about that. 
What is the other place that the 
Biden administration is trying to real-
ly help in terms of increasing oil and 
gas production? It is foreign countries 
controlled by dictators who don’t like 
us. You heard the story several months 
ago about the Biden administration 
reaching out to Iran—the biggest state 
sponsor of terrorism in the world—try-
ing to lift sanctions so they can 
produce more oil for the world. Let’s 
shut down oil in Alaska, but let’s go to 
the Iranian terrorists and get them to 
produce more oil. 
Well, this week—this past week— 
there was another story that happens 
to be true that the Biden administra-
tion is now loosening sanctions on an-
other one of those wonderful leaders, 
the dictator in Venezuela so they can 
produce more oil. Let’s help the dic-
tators who hate our country produce 
more, and then we will go shut down 
Alaska where great Americans are try-
ing to produce energy. 
Oh, by the way, Senator BARRASSO 
did a great job in the ENR hearing 
today saying guess who has the most 
dirty, polluting oil in the world in 
terms of production and carbon foot-
print, 18 times more dirty and pol-
luting than oil production in America. 
Guess. Venezuela. So we are going to 
get terrorists who don’t like us, who 
are the dirtiest polluters of energy 
when they produce it and get them to 
produce more, and we are going to shut 
down oil and gas production in the 
great State of Alaska that has the 
highest environmental standards on 
the planet. 
In conclusion, President Biden is not 
doing nearly enough to address the en-
ergy crisis in our country. To the con-
trary, he is still undertaking policies 
meant to limit supply, limit infra-
structure, and make it harder to 
build—that 
transports 
energy—and 
shut down production in America. 
I just gave three examples. The 
American people know these prices are 
this guy’s fault. But there is the Biden 
exception. There is the Biden excep-
tion. If you produce in New Mexico— 
maybe because the Secretary of the In-
terior is from there, maybe because the 
senior Senator from New Mexico is 
from there or you are a dictator who 
really hates this country and really 
pollutes a lot when you produce en-
ergy—the Biden administration wants 
you to produce more. This has to 
change. 
The American people know exactly 
what is going on. They know exactly 
what is going on, and these policies are 
hurting working families. They are 
making it so energy workers in my 
State get pink slips. They are doing 
nothing for the environment, and they 
are empowering dictators. And that is 
why the American people know the 
blame is right there. And until there is 
a course correction, unfortunately, the 
suffering that we are seeing all across 
this great Nation, in terms of high en-
ergy prices and inflation everywhere, is 
going to continue. 
I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 1:45 P.M. 
MONDAY, MAY 23, 2022 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Under the previous order, the 
Senate stands adjourned until 1:45 
p.m., Monday, May 23, 2022. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 4:37 p.m., 
adjourned until Monday, May 23, 2022, 
at 1:45 p.m. 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS 
Executive nominations confirmed by 
the Senate May 19, 2022: 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE 
REBECCA ELIZA GONZALES, OF TEXAS, A CAREER 
MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF 
MINISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE DIRECTOR OF THE OFFICE 
OF FOREIGN MISSIONS, WITH RANK OF AMBASSADOR. 
CORPORATION FOR NATIONAL AND COMMUNITY 
SERVICE 
FLOR ROMERO, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF 
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE CORPORATION FOR 
NATIONAL AND COMMUNITY SERVICE FOR A TERM EX-
PIRING DECEMBER 1, 2025. 
NATIONAL FOUNDATION ON THE ARTS AND THE 
HUMANITIES 
CHRISTINE M. KIM, OF COLORADO, TO BE A MEMBER OF 
THE NATIONAL COUNCIL ON THE HUMANITIES FOR A 
TERM EXPIRING JANUARY 26, 2026. 
KAREN ANN STOUT, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE A MEM-
BER OF THE NATIONAL COUNCIL ON THE HUMANITIES 
FOR A TERM EXPIRING JANUARY 26, 2026. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:38 May 20, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00005
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 9801
E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.056
S19MYPT2
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 4-
D563 
Thursday, May 19, 2022 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate passed H.R. 7691, Additional Ukraine Supplemental Appropria-
tions Act. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
(Legislative Days of Tuesday, May 17, 2022, and 
Thursday, May 19, 2022) 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2599–S2633 
Measures Introduced: Thirty-one bills and four res-
olutions were introduced, as follows: S. 4258–4288, 
S.J. Res. 47, and S. Res. 644–646.           Pages S2619–21 
Measures Reported: 
S. 407, to provide redress to the employees of Air 
America, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-
stitute. (S. Rept. No. 117–113)                         Page S2619 
Measures Passed: 
Commission To Study the Potential Creation of 
a National Museum of Asian Pacific American 
History and Culture Act: Committee on Energy and 
Natural Resources was discharged from further con-
sideration of H.R. 3525, to establish the Commis-
sion to Study the Potential Creation of a National 
Museum of Asian Pacific American History and Cul-
ture, and the bill was then passed.                   Page S2605 
Blackwell School National Historic Site Act: 
Senate passed S. 2490, to establish the Blackwell 
School National Historic Site in Marfa, Texas, after 
agreeing to the following amendment proposed 
thereto:                                                                    Pages S2605–06 
Hirono (for Cornyn) Amendment No. 5042, to 
modify the map information.                               Page S2606 
Additional Ukraine Supplemental Appropria-
tions Act: By 86 yeas to 11 nays (Vote No. 191), 
Senate passed H.R. 7691, making emergency supple-
mental appropriations for assistance for the situation 
in Ukraine for the fiscal year ending September 30, 
2022, after taking action on the following motions 
and amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                                Pages S2599–S2605, S2607 
Withdrawn: 
Schumer Amendment No. 5035, to add an effec-
tive date.                                                                         Page S2607 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate 
also took the following action: 
By 86 yeas to 11 nays (Vote No. 190), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having 
voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion 
to close further debate on the bill.                   Page S2607 
Schumer Amendment No. 5036 (to Amendment 
No. 5035), to modify the effective date, fell when 
Schumer Amendment No. 5035 (listed above) was 
withdrawn.                                                                    Page S2607 
Schumer motion to commit the bill to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, with instructions, Schu-
mer Amendment No. 5037, to add an effective date, 
fell when cloture was invoked on the bill.    Page S2607 
Schumer Amendment No. 5038 (to (the instruc-
tions) Amendment No. 5037), to modify the effec-
tive date, fell when Schumer Amendment No. 5037 
(listed above) fell.                                                       Page S2607 
Schumer Amendment No. 5039 (to Amendment 
No. 5038), to modify the effective date, fell when 
Schumer Amendment No. 5038 (listed above) fell. 
                                                                                            Page S2607 
Access to Baby Formula Act: Senate passed H.R. 
7791, to amend the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 to 
establish waiver authority to address certain emer-
gencies, disasters, and supply chain disruptions. 
                                                                                    Pages S2626–27 
Testimony and Representation Authorization: 
Senate agreed to S. Res. 645, to authorize testimony 
and representation in United States v. Hale-Cusanelli. 
                                                                                            Page S2630 
Measures Considered: 
Small Business COVID Relief Act: Senate re-
sumed consideration of the motion to proceed to 
consideration of S. 4008, to provide COVID relief 
for restaurants, gyms, minor league sports teams, 
border businesses, live venue service providers, 
exclave businesses, and providers of transportation 
services.                                                                   Pages S2607–14 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:44 May 20, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D19MY2.PT2
D19MYPT2
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 5-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
D564 
May 19, 2022 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate 
also took the following action: 
By 52 yeas to 43 nays (Vote No. 192), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, not having 
voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected the motion 
to close further debate on the bill.                   Page S2614 
Signing Authority—Agreement: A unanimous- 
consent agreement was reached providing that Sen-
ator Cantwell be authorized to sign duly enrolled 
bills or joint resolutions from Thursday, May 19, 
2022 through Monday, May 23, 2022.          Page S2630 
Pro Forma Session—Agreement: A unanimous- 
consent agreement was reached providing that the 
Senate adjourn, to then convene for a pro forma ses-
sion only, with no business being conducted on the 
following date and time: Monday, May 23, 2022 at 
1:45 p.m.; and that when the Senate adjourns on 
Monday, May 23, 2022, it next convene at 10 a.m., 
on Tuesday, May 24, 2022.                                  Page S2630 
Davis Nomination—Agreement: Senate resumed 
consideration of the nomination of Stephanie 
Dawkins Davis, of Michigan, to be United States 
Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit.         Pages S2614–15 
During consideration of this nomination today, 
Senate also took the following action: 
By 48 yeas to 36 nays (Vote No. EX. 193), Senate 
agreed to the motion to close further debate on the 
nomination.                                                           Pages S2614–15 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding that all post-cloture time on the nomination 
be expired and Senate vote on confirmation of the 
nomination at 2:30 p.m., on Tuesday, May 24, 
2022; and that the cloture motions filed during the 
session of Wednesday, May 18, 2022 ripen upon dis-
position of the nomination.                                  Page S2629 
Lindenbaum Nomination—Agreement: A unani-
mous-consent agreement was reached providing that 
at approximately 10 a.m., on Tuesday, May 24, 
2022, Senate resume consideration of the nomination 
of Dara Lindenbaum, of Virginia, to be a Member 
of the Federal Election Commission.               Page S2630 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Rebecca Eliza Gonzales, of Texas, to be Director 
of the Office of Foreign Missions, with rank of Am-
bassador. 
Flor Romero, of California, to be a Member of the 
Board of Directors of the Corporation for National 
and Community Service for a term expiring Decem-
ber 1, 2025. 
Christine M. Kim, of Colorado, to be a Member 
of the National Council on the Humanities for a 
term expiring January 26, 2026. 
Karen Ann Stout, of Pennsylvania, to be a Mem-
ber of the National Council on the Humanities for 
a term expiring January 26, 2026.                   Page S2629 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Rubydee Calvert, of Wyoming, to be a Member 
of the Board of Directors of the Corporation for Pub-
lic Broadcasting for a term expiring January 31, 
2028. 
Kathryn Wheelbarger, of California, to be a Mem-
ber of the Board of Directors of the United States 
Institute of Peace for a term of four years. 
Michael K. Singh, of Illinois, to be a Member of 
the Board of Directors of the United States Institute 
of Peace for a term of four years. 
Jonathan Wingate Burks, of Virginia, to be a 
Member of the Board of Directors of the United 
States Institute of Peace for a term of four years. 
Lara E. Montecalvo, of Rhode Island, to be United 
States Circuit Judge for the First Circuit. 
Sarah A. L. Merriam, of Connecticut, to be United 
States Circuit Judge for the Second Circuit. 
Elizabeth Wilson Hanes, of Virginia, to be United 
States District Judge for the Eastern District of Vir-
ginia. 
Anne M. Nardacci, of New York, to be United 
States District Judge for the Northern District of 
New York. 
Ana C. Reyes, of the District of Columbia, to be 
United States District Judge for the District of Co-
lumbia. 
1 Air Force nomination in the rank of general. 
1 Navy nomination in the rank of admiral. 
Routine lists in the Army, Foreign Service, and 
Navy. 
Messages from the House:                        Pages S2618–19 
Measures Referred:                                                Page S2619 
Measures Placed on the Calendar: 
                                                                      Pages S2619, S2629–30 
Measures Read the First Time:                      Page S2619 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages S2621–22 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S2623–25 
Additional Statements:                                Pages S2617–18 
Amendments Submitted:                                   Page S2625 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S2625–26 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S2626 
Record Votes: Four record votes were taken today. 
(Total—193)                                           Pages S2607, S2614–15 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 4:06 p.m., and reconvened at 4:07 p.m., 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:44 May 20, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D19MY2.PT2
D19MYPT2
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 6-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
D565 
May 19, 2022 
on the same day, and adjourned at 4:37 p.m., until 
1:45 p.m. on Monday, May 23, 2022. (For Senate’s 
program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority 
Leader in today’s Record on page S2630.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
ATOMIC ENERGY DEFENSE ACTIVITIES 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded 
open and closed hearings to examine Department of 
Energy and National Nuclear Security Administra-
tion testimony on atomic energy defense activities in 
review of the Defense Authorization Request for fis-
cal year 2023 and the Future Years Defense Pro-
gram, after receiving testimony from Jennifer 
Granholm, Secretary, and Jill Hruby, Under Sec-
retary for Nuclear Security, National Nuclear Secu-
rity Administration, both of the Department of En-
ergy. 
NOMINATIONS 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: 
Committee concluded a hearing to examine the 
nominations of Michael S. Barr, of Michigan, to be 
a Member and Vice Chairman for Supervision of the 
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, 
who was introduced by Senators Stabenow and 
Peters, and Jaime E. Lizarraga, of Virginia, who was 
introduced by Representative Pelosi, and Mark 
Toshiro Uyeda, of California, who was introduced by 
Senator Toomey, both to be a Member of the Securi-
ties and Exchange Commission, after the nominees 
testified and answered questions in their own behalf. 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR BUDGET 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee 
concluded a hearing to examine the President’s pro-
posed budget request for fiscal year 2023 for the De-
partment of the Interior, after receiving testimony 
from Deb Haaland, Secretary of the Interior. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on the Judiciary: Committee ordered favor-
ably reported the following bills: 
S. 4007, to require the Attorney General to pro-
pose a program for making treatment for post-trau-
matic stress disorder and acute stress disorder avail-
able to public safety officers, with an amendment in 
the nature of a substitute; 
S. 3860, to establish a grant program to provide 
assistance to local governments with fewer than 200 
law enforcement officers, with an amendment in the 
nature of a substitute; 
S. 2151, to amend the Omnibus Crime Control 
and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to provide that COPS 
grant funds may be used for local law enforcement 
recruits to attend schools or academies if the recruits 
agree to serve in precincts of law enforcement agen-
cies in their communities, with an amendment in 
the nature of a substitute; and 
S. 4003, to amend the Omnibus Crime Control 
and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to provide for training 
on alternatives to use of force, de-escalation, and 
mental and behavioral health and suicidal crises, 
with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. 
ELECTIONS 
Committee on Rules and Administration: Committee 
concluded a hearing to examine administration of 
upcoming elections, after receiving testimony from 
R. Kyle Ardoin, Louisiana Secretary of State, Baton 
Rouge; Leigh M. Chapman, Pennsylvania Acting 
Secretary of State, Harrisburg; Wesley Wilcox, Su-
pervisor of Elections, Marion County, Ocala, Florida; 
and Tammy Patrick, Democracy Fund, and Damon 
T. Hewitt, Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights 
Under Law, both of Washington, D.C. 
MENTAL HEALTH CARE FOR OLDER 
ADULTS 
Special Committee on Aging: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine mental health care for older 
adults, focusing on raising awareness, addressing 
stigma, and providing support, after receiving testi-
mony from Kenneth M. Rogers, South Carolina De-
partment of Mental Health, Columbia; Erin Emery- 
Tiburcio, Rush University Center for Excellence in 
Aging, Chicago, Illinois; Kimberly Williams, Vi-
brant Emotional Health, New York, New York; and 
Jim Klasen, Certified Older Adult Peer Specialist 
Facilitator, Elkins Park, Pennsylvania. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:44 May 20, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D19MY2.PT2
D19MYPT2
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 7-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
D566 
May 19, 2022 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 28 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 7832–7859; and 4 resolutions, H. 
Res. 1133–1136, were introduced.           Pages H5206–08 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H5208–09 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein she 
appointed Representative Quigley to act as Speaker 
pro tempore for today.                                            Page H5177 
Consumer Fuel Price Gouging Prevention Act: 
The House passed H.R. 7688, to protect consumers 
from price-gouging of consumer fuels, by a yea-and- 
nay vote of 217 yeas to 207 nays, Roll No. 232. 
                                                                                    Pages H5179–95 
Rejected the Westerman motion to recommit the 
bill to the Committee on Energy and Commerce by 
a yea-and-nay vote of 201 yeas to 220 nays, Roll 
No. 231.                                                                 Pages H5193–94 
Pursuant to the Rule, the amendment printed in 
part B of the report of H. Rept. 117–333 shall be 
considered as adopted.                                     Pages H5179–81 
Agreed to: 
Demings amendment (No. 1 printed in part C of 
H. Rep. 117–333) that requires the Federal Trade 
Commission to conduct an investigation to deter-
mine if the price of gasoline is being manipulated 
by reducing refinery capacity or by any other form 
of market manipulation or artificially increased by 
price gouging practices (by a yea-and-nay vote of 
217 yeas to 205 nays, Roll No. 229); and 
                                                                      Pages H5188–90, H5192 
Pappas amendment (No. 2 printed in part C of H. 
Rep. 117–333) that establishes a new unit at Federal 
Trade Commission devoted to protecting public in-
terest by monitoring fuel markets to facilitate trans-
parent and competitive market practices (by a yea- 
and-nay vote of 214 yeas to 207 nays, Roll No. 
230).                                                      Pages H5190–91, H5192–93 
H. Res. 1124, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 350), (H.R. 7688), and (H.R. 
7790) was agreed to was agreed to yesterday, May 
18th. 
National Security Commission on Emerging Bio-
technology—Appointment: Read a letter from 
Representative McCarthy, Minority Leader, in which 
he appointed the following member to the National 
Security Commission on Emerging Biotechnology: 
Dr. Angela M. Belcher of Lexington, Massachusetts. 
                                                                                            Page H5197 
Senate Referral: S. 2490 was held at the desk. 
                                                                                            Page H5203 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate 
today appears on page H5203. 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Four yea-and-nay votes de-
veloped during the proceedings of today and appear 
on pages H5192, H5192–93, H5193–94, and 
H5194–95. 
Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-
journed at 2:05 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
FISCAL YEAR 2023 MEMBER DAY HEARING 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Mili-
tary Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related 
Agencies held a hearing entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2023 
Member Day Hearing’’. Testimony was heard from 
Representatives Escobar, Hudson, and Sherrill. 
OFFICE OF THE DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL 
INTELLIGENCE, CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE 
AGENCY AND OFFICE OF THE UNDER 
SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR 
INTELLIGENCE AND SECURITY OVERVIEW 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Defense 
held a hearing entitled ‘‘Office of the Director of 
National Intelligence, Central Intelligence Agency 
and Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for In-
telligence and Security Overview’’. Testimony was 
heard from William J. Burns, Director of the Cen-
tral Intelligence Agency; Avril Haines, Director of 
National Intelligence; and Ronald S. Moultrie, 
Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence and Secu-
rity, Department of Defense. This hearing was 
closed. 
APPROPRIATIONS—U.S. FOOD AND DRUG 
ADMINISTRATION 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Agri-
culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Admin-
istration, and Related Agencies held a budget hear-
ing on the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. Tes-
timony was heard from Robert M. Califf, Commis-
sioner of Food and Drugs, Food and Drug Adminis-
tration, Department of Health and Human Services. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:44 May 20, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00004
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D19MY2.PT2
D19MYPT2
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 8-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
D567 
May 19, 2022 
AIR FORCE PROJECTION FORCES 
AVIATION PROGRAMS AND CAPABILITIES 
RELATED TO THE FY2023 PRESIDENT’S 
BUDGET REQUEST 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on 
Seapower and Projection Forces held a hearing enti-
tled ‘‘Air Force Projection Forces Aviation Programs 
and Capabilities related to the FY2023 President’s 
Budget Request’’. Testimony was heard from An-
drew Hunter, Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for 
Acquisition, Technology and Logistics; and Lieuten-
ant General David S. Nahom, U.S. Air Force, Dep-
uty Chief of Staff for Plans and Programs, Depart-
ment of the Air Force. 
THE UKRAINE CRISIS: IMPLICATIONS FOR 
U.S. POLICY IN THE INDO-PACIFIC 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Asia, 
the Pacific, Central Asia, and Nonproliferation held 
a hearing entitled ‘‘The Ukraine Crisis: Implications 
for U.S. Policy in the Indo-Pacific’’. Testimony was 
heard from public witnesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Homeland Security: Full Committee held 
a markup on H.R. 5274, the ‘‘Prevent Exposure to 
Narcotics and Toxics Act of 2021’’; H.R. 7174, the 
‘‘National Computer Forensics Institute Reauthoriza-
tion Act of 2022’’; H.R. 7777, the ‘‘Industrial Con-
trol Systems Cybersecurity Training Act’’; H.R. 
7778, the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Seal 
Protection Act’’; and H.R. 7779, the ‘‘DHS Restric-
tions on Confucius Institutes and Chinese Entities of 
Concern Act’’. H.R. 5274 and H.R. 7777 were or-
dered reported, without amendment. H.R. 7174, 
H.R. 7778, and H.R. 7779 were ordered reported, 
as amended. 
OVERSIGHT HEARING ON CLEMENCY AND 
THE OFFICE OF THE PARDON ATTORNEY 
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Crime, 
Terrorism, and Homeland Security held a hearing 
entitled ‘‘Oversight Hearing on Clemency and the 
Office of the Pardon Attorney’’. Testimony was 
heard from Representative Pressley and public wit-
nesses. 
FREE SPEECH UNDER ATTACK (PART II): 
CURRICULUM SABOTAGE AND 
CLASSROOM CENSORSHIP 
Committee on Oversight and Reform: Subcommittee on 
Civil Rights and Civil Liberties held a hearing enti-
tled ‘‘Free Speech Under Attack (Part II): Cur-
riculum Sabotage and Classroom Censorship’’. Testi-
mony was heard from public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, 
MAY 20, 2022 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. 
House 
No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:44 May 20, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00005
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D19MY2.PT2
D19MYPT2
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 9-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional Record
The Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each House
of Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, United
States Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶ Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶ To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO
63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶ Following
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶ With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record.
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.
U
N
U
M
E
P
LU
RI
B
U
S
D568 
May 19, 2022 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
1:45 p.m., Monday, May 23 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will meet in a pro forma 
session. 
Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
9:30 a.m., Friday, May 20 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: House will meet in Pro Forma ses-
sion at 9:30 a.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Babin, Brian, Tex., E537 
Biggs, Andy, Ariz., E538 
Bilirakis, Gus M., Fla., E543 
Davis, Danny K., Ill., E539 
Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E542 
Estes, Ron, Kans., E539 
Foster, Bill, Ill., E542 
Graves, Sam, Mo., E535 
Herrera Beutler, Jaime, Wash., E535, E538, E542, E544 
Himes, James A., Conn., E540, E543 
Jackson, Ronny, Tex., E539 
Jacobs, Chris, N.Y., E537 
Kelly, Trent, Miss., E535, E535, E536, E541, E542 
Larson, John B., Conn., E538 
McCollum, Betty, Minn., E536 
McNerney, Jerry, Calif., E538 
Mooney, Alexander X., W.Va., E536 
Newhouse, Dan, Wash., E543 
Pallone, Frank, Jr., N.J., E535 
Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E541 
Rush, Bobby L., Ill., E540 
Soto, Darren, Fla., E535, E536, E537, E538, E539, E541, 
E542, E543 
Swalwell, Eric, Calif., E540, E543 
Tlaib, Rashida, Mich., E541, E544 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:44 May 20, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00006
Fmt 0664
Sfmt 0664
E:\CR\FM\D19MY2.PT2
D19MYPT2
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 10-
