Congressional Record
U
N
U
M
E
P
LU
RI
B
U
S
United States
of America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 117th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
b This symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b 1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.
H391 
Vol. 167 
WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 2021 
No. 22 
Senate 
The Senate was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Monday, February 8, 2021, at 3 p.m. 
House of Representatives 
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 2021 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-
pore (Mr. CUELLAR). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-
nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON, DC, 
February 5, 2021. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable HENRY 
CUELLAR to act as Speaker pro tempore on 
this day. 
NANCY PELOSI, 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Reverend Margaret 
Grun Kibben, offered the following 
prayer: 
Sovereign God, intrude into our de-
liberations. Judge between the factions 
and be the arbiter of our disputes over 
budgets and partisan belligerence, defi-
cits and debt, COVID and conflicting 
interests. 
Beat our swords of rhetoric and ridi-
cule into instruments of peaceful reso-
lution. Take our spears that we use to 
assault the character and core values 
of our colleagues and force them into 
tools of cooperation and collaboration. 
Open our eyes to the weapons of con-
tempt and disrespect our Nation has 
taken up, which threaten to divide not 
just communities and families but our 
very Republic. And call upon us to 
break this cycle of insidious violence. 
Then equip us as the inheritors of our 
country’s noble purpose, leaders in our 
generation, that we would demonstrate 
that the idea of a United States is wor-
thy of sacrificing our inclination for 
pride and pretense in favor of an atti-
tude of mutual respect and unity of ef-
fort. 
We pray in the strength of Your most 
holy name. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 5(a)(1)(A) of House Reso-
lution 8, the Journal of the last day’s 
proceedings is approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentleman from Alabama (Mr. CARL) 
come forward and lead the House in the 
Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. CARL led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-
lic for which it stands, one nation under God, 
indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will entertain up to five requests 
for 1-minute speeches on each side of 
the aisle. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF 
GABRIELLE ALDEA 
(Mrs. LURIA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend her re-
marks.) 
Mrs. LURIA. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the life, legacy, and ad-
vocacy of Gabrielle Aldea. 
Gabby was a tireless fighter for ex-
panding access to healthcare for those 
with preexisting conditions. She was 
born with a bladder the size of a thim-
ble. Gabby spent the first 7 years of her 
life in and out of the hospital. 
A tenacious voice for reform and 
compassion, Gabby overcame this ad-
versity and took to civic engagement. 
She became a voice for those who too 
often cannot speak for themselves and 
an inspiration for our community. 
I rise today to call on my colleagues 
to join me in honoring Gabby’s legacy 
by recommitting to the value of ex-
panding access to healthcare and fos-
tering a more equitable community for 
this generation and for generations to 
come. 
f 
SOUTH DAKOTA STOCKGROWERS 
BAND TOGETHER 
(Mr. JOHNSON of South Dakota 
asked and was given permission to ad-
dress the House for 1 minute and to re-
vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. JOHNSON of South Dakota. Mr. 
Speaker, from supply chain issues to 
uncertain prices, it has been a tough 
time in cattle country. 
To make things worse, there was a 
fire up near Lemmon, and it was a big 
one. It burned 16,000 acres of land used 
to feed South Dakota cattle. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.000
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 0-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H392 
February 5, 2021 
The tough hand that so many have 
been dealt did not keep the South Da-
kota Stockgrowers from coming to-
gether and donating bale after bale of 
hay to those Lemmon ranchers. 
When asked why they came to the 
rescue, Scott Edoff of the South Da-
kota Stockgrowers said: Nobody asks. 
We just do it. That is part of our cul-
ture, part of our community. 
Mr. Speaker, that sentiment did not 
surprise me in the least. That is South 
Dakota. And that is what I call unity. 
f 
HIGHLIGHTING ACTION BY 
CONGRESSIONAL STEEL CAUCUS 
(Mr. MRVAN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute.) 
Mr. MRVAN. Mr. Speaker, today, I 
rise to highlight the action of the bi-
partisan Congressional Steel Caucus. 
Earlier this week, the Steel Caucus 
leaders and 47 other members of the 
caucus sent a letter to the Biden-Har-
ris administration that expressed our 
strong support for the continuation of 
section 232 steel tariffs and quotas. 
The letter noted how we work hand- 
in-hand with industry and labor orga-
nizations and that we recognize the 
negative impact that unfair trade and 
global steel overcapacity have had on 
my district and the Nation over the 
years. 
These steel tariffs and quotas, which 
were implemented to protect our na-
tional security, have resulted in sig-
nificant reductions in imports. We 
must continue to do all we can to en-
sure that our Nation supports the do-
mestic steel industry and our Amer-
ican steelworkers. 
I look forward to continuing to en-
gage with the Steel Caucus members, 
all of my colleagues, and the Biden- 
Harris administration to ensure that 
the American steel industry remains 
the foundation of our national econ-
omy and our national security. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY 
OF HENRY LOUIS ‘‘HANK’’ AARON 
(Mr. CARL asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 
minute.) 
Mr. CARL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor the life and the legend of 
Henry Louis ‘‘Hank’’ Aaron, a native of 
Mobile, Alabama. 
Hammering Hank is a baseball legend 
respected not only for his performance 
on the field but also for being a civil 
rights icon who helped pave the way 
for equality in professional sports. 
Hank Aaron is one of the greatest 
baseball players of all time. He became 
the first player in major league history 
to record 500 home runs and over 3,000 
hits, ultimately defeating Babe Ruth’s 
home run record. 
Hank Aaron’s leadership and char-
acter reflect the best of American val-
ues, and his legacy will live on for gen-
erations. I am proud to call him a fel-
low Mobilian. 
CREATING OPPORTUNITIES FOR 
AMERICANS 
(Ms. LEGER FERNANDEZ asked and 
was given permission to address the 
House for 1 minute and to revise and 
extend her remarks.) 
Ms. 
LEGER 
FERNANDEZ. 
Mr. 
Speaker, my district is home to breath-
taking mountains, incredible diversity, 
and rich history. To understand my 
district, you must know not only its 
beauty but also its poverty and prom-
ise. 
We must create opportunities in 
places like my district with tremen-
dous challenges but also endless poten-
tial: create opportunities for countless 
New Mexicans who lost their jobs, cre-
ate opportunities for essential workers 
who risk their lives to keep our coun-
try running, and recognize that edu-
cation is the key to realize the promise 
of our communities. 
That is why the first bill I co-led, the 
Learning Recovery Act, will create op-
portunities for the most educationally 
disadvantaged students, who are falling 
further behind because of the pan-
demic. This bill will address the dis-
parities we know too well in New Mex-
ico. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise to ask us to al-
ways work to empower our commu-
nities; protect my State’s beauty, di-
versity, and people; and unleash the po-
tential we know we have. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY 
OF CONGRESSMAN JIM RAMSTAD 
(Mr. EMMER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute.) 
Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, as we 
begin this new session of Congress, I 
rise today to honor the memory and 
legacy of my friend, Minnesota Con-
gressman Jim Ramstad. 
For nearly two decades, Jim rep-
resented the people of Minnesota’s 
Third Congressional District. Sadly, 
after so many years of service to his 
country and community, Jim lost his 
fight with Parkinson’s just a few 
months ago. 
Jim was a true public servant, a law-
maker whose passion for his work only 
made him more effective. He was a 
tireless champion for any person who 
needed his help, even if they were a 
stranger. He was truly a leader guided 
by his compassion for others. 
Although Jim and I never served to-
gether, he was a personal friend of my 
wife, Jacquie, and me for 40 years. And 
today, his legacy shapes my work. 
As a fellow Minnesotan, I am proud 
to continue his monumental work on 
addiction and mental healthcare by in-
troducing legislation that will bring 
care to those who need it most. 
I am also happy to support a bill to 
name the Wayzata Post Office after 
Jim, a physical memorial to his work 
and legacy in the State and the town 
that he loved so much. The monument 
is a fitting tribute, but his lasting leg-
acy will always be the impact he made 
on millions of Americans. 
Thank you, Jim. You will be missed, 
but you will never be forgotten. 
f 
CREATING PATHWAYS FOR 
HARDWORKING PEOPLE 
(Mr. HORSFORD asked and was 
given permission to address the House 
for 1 minute and to revise and extend 
his remarks.) 
Mr. HORSFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
in support of the National Apprentice-
ship Act of 2021. 
I started my career leading the Cul-
inary Academy of Las Vegas, the larg-
est job training program in the State. 
This experience instilled in me the im-
portance of workforce programs that 
create pathways for hardworking peo-
ple to get good-paying jobs. 
Passing this legislation is a vital step 
to begin our economic recovery by 
training Nevadans for new careers in 
high-demand fields, including at the 
Westside Education and Training Cen-
ter in historic west Las Vegas, which 
my office was just able to secure nearly 
$7 million to help build. 
By providing nearly 1 million addi-
tional 
apprenticeship 
opportunities 
over 5 years, and adding $10.6 billion in 
net benefits to our economy, the Na-
tional Apprenticeship Act will help 
working families and small businesses 
restore the financial security that was 
lost during the pandemic. 
As a co-chair and founder of the 
Labor Caucus, I am proud to support 
this legislation, which is endorsed by 
some of our Nation’s largest labor 
unions, including the AFL–CIO, UNITE 
HERE, the Laborers, and the Team-
sters. 
I am glad that my amendment to 
support the recruitment and retention 
of nontraditional apprenticeship popu-
lations, including women and people of 
color, is included in this bill. My con-
stituents and all of our constituents 
deserve the opportunities this bill af-
fords. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
vote ‘‘yes’’ on the National Apprentice-
ship Act of 2021. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF HINCK-
LEY TOWNSHIP TRUSTEE RAY 
SCHULTE 
(Mr. GONZALEZ of Ohio asked and 
was given permission to address the 
House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. GONZALEZ of Ohio. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise to recognize the life of Hinck-
ley Township Trustee Ray Schulte. 
Serving our community as a town-
ship trustee for 12 years, Ray defined 
what it means to be a public servant 
who always puts the community and 
the people he loves first. 
In addition to his service on the 
board, Ray was involved in many dif-
ferent aspects of the township, in par-
ticular, the historical society, among 
many others, including local charities. 
Ray truly loved his community and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.003
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 1-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H393 
February 5, 2021 
was passionate about making it a bet-
ter place. 
Hinckley Township will certainly 
miss Ray’s leadership, service, and 
positive outlook on life, though his 
work will forever be memorialized in 
our community. Ray’s leadership will 
certainly be missed but never forgot-
ten. 
I pray for Ray’s wife of 29 years, 
Emma, who serves as chief deputy re-
corder of Medina County and is a con-
stant presence for so many people in 
the Medina Courthouse. 
May God bless their three children, 
Michael, Christie, and Adam, and their 
four grandchildren during this chal-
lenging time. It is truly an honor to 
recognize such an individual whose 
class and love for community made us 
all better people. 
f 
IMPROVING DISTRIBUTION OF 
COVID–19 VACCINES 
(Ms. KUSTER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend her re-
marks.) 
Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, across 
the United States, Americans are fi-
nally seeing the administration of 
COVID–19 vaccines improve after a 
slow rollout. 
The development of two highly effec-
tive vaccines in under 1 year is an un-
precedented scientific accomplishment, 
but this effort is only truly recognized 
when we can get vaccine into the arm 
of every American who wants it. 
That is why the first piece of legisla-
tion 
I 
introduced 
this 
year, 
the 
Coronavirus Vaccine and Therapeutic 
Development Act, would dramatically 
boost Federal investment in manufac-
turing and distribution of the COVID– 
19 vaccine. 
There is no greater public health pri-
ority than getting this vaccine into the 
arms of every American, and I am com-
mitted to working with my colleagues 
on both sides of the aisle to ensure the 
equitable distribution of the vaccine. 
To improve the facilitation of vac-
cine distribution, I have also intro-
duced bipartisan legislation with my 
colleague, Dr. LARRY
BUCSHON, that 
would improve and expand informa-
tion-sharing between State and Federal 
governments to ensure that vaccines 
are being administered effectively and 
efficiently. 
I urge my colleagues to join both of 
these bills so that we can save lives 
and get our economy back on track. 
f 
b 0915 
HONORING DR. LARRY DEBOER 
(Mr. BAIRD asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. BAIRD. Mr. Speaker, today I rise 
to honor Purdue University professor 
Dr. Larry DeBoer. I had the oppor-
tunity to work with Dr. DeBoer as a 
member of Purdue Extension Service 
as an Indiana State representative and 
as a farmer. 
Dr. DeBoer recently retired from 
Purdue after 36 years of teaching eco-
nomics. His tenure at Purdue is distin-
guished and worthy of recognition. 
Every semester, he taught 200 to 400 
students macroeconomics. In addition 
to 
that, 
he 
has 
authored 
macro-
economics textbooks for universities. 
Dr. DeBoer was recognized for his 
outstanding teaching with numerous 
awards, like the Charles B. Murphy 
Outstanding Undergraduate Teaching 
Award in 2015 and the Richard L. Kohls 
Outstanding 
Undergraduate 
Teacher 
Award in 2014. 
In addition to being a professor, Dr. 
DeBoer has advised and worked with 
the Indiana Legislative Services Agen-
cy on tax and finance issues, and has 
worked on former Governor Mitch Dan-
iels’ Commission on Local Government 
Reform. 
The State of Indiana has benefited 
greatly from his deep knowledge and 
expertise in the State’s economic af-
fairs. I want to wish Dr. DeBoer the 
very best in his retirement. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-
nication from the Clerk of the House of 
Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK, 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
Washington, DC, February 5, 2021. 
Hon. NANCY PELOSI, 
The Speaker, House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR MADAM SPEAKER: Pursuant to the 
permission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II 
of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-
tives, the Clerk received the following mes-
sage from the Secretary of the Senate on 
February 5, 2021, at 7:58 a.m.: 
That the Senate agreed to S. Con. Res. 5. 
With best wishes, I am, 
Sincerely, 
ROBERT F. REEVES, 
Deputy Clerk. 
f 
NATIONAL APPRENTICESHIP ACT 
OF 2021 
Mr. LEVIN of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, 
pursuant to House Resolution 85, I call 
up the bill (H.R. 447) to amend the Act 
of August 16, 1937 (commonly referred 
to as the ‘‘National Apprenticeship 
Act’’) and expand the national appren-
ticeship system to include apprentice-
ships, youth apprenticeships, and pre- 
apprenticeship registered under such 
Act, to promote the furtherance of 
labor standards necessary to safeguard 
the welfare of apprentices, and for 
other purposes, and ask for its imme-
diate consideration. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 85, the amend-
ment printed in part A of House Report 
117–3, is adopted and the bill, as amend-
ed, is considered read. 
The text of the bill, as amended, is as 
follows: 
H.R. 447 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Ap-
prenticeship Act of 2021’’. 
SEC. 2. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
This Act, and the amendments made by this 
Act, shall take effect beginning on October 1, 
2021. 
SEC. 3. AMENDMENT. 
The Act of August 16, 1937 (commonly referred 
to as the ‘‘National Apprenticeship Act’’; 50 
Stat. 664, chapter 663; 29 U.S.C. 50 et seq.), is 
amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
‘‘(a) SHORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘National Apprenticeship Act’. 
‘‘(b) TABLE OF CONTENTS.—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
‘‘Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
‘‘Sec. 2. Definitions. 
‘‘Sec. 3. Programs under the national appren-
ticeship system. 
‘‘Sec. 4. Transition provisions. 
‘‘Sec. 5. Disaggregation of data. 
‘‘Sec. 6. Relation to other laws. 
‘‘TITLE I—PROMOTING PROGRAMS UNDER 
THE NATIONAL APPRENTICESHIP SYSTEM 
‘‘Subtitle A—The Office of Apprenticeship, State 
Registration Agency Approval Process, and 
Interagency Agreement 
‘‘Sec. 111. The Office of Apprenticeship. 
‘‘Sec. 112. National Advisory Committee on Ap-
prenticeships. 
‘‘Sec. 113. State apprenticeship agencies and 
State Offices of Apprenticeship. 
‘‘Sec. 114. Interagency agreement with Depart-
ment of Education. 
‘‘Subtitle B—Process and Standards for the 
National Apprenticeship System 
‘‘Sec. 121. Apprenticeable occupations stand-
ards. 
‘‘Sec. 122. Quality standards of programs under 
the national apprenticeship sys-
tem. 
‘‘Sec. 123. Apprenticeship agreements. 
‘‘Sec. 124. Registration of programs under the 
national apprenticeship system. 
‘‘Subtitle C—Evaluations and Research 
‘‘Sec. 131. Program evaluations. 
‘‘Sec. 132. National apprenticeship system re-
search. 
‘‘Subtitle D—General Provisions 
‘‘Sec. 141. Authorization of appropriations. 
‘‘TITLE II—MODERNIZING THE NATIONAL 
APPRENTICESHIP SYSTEM FOR THE 21ST 
CENTURY GRANTS 
‘‘Sec. 201. Grant requirements. 
‘‘Sec. 202. Uses of Funds. 
‘‘Sec. 203. Grant evaluations. 
‘‘Sec. 204. Grant appropriations. 
‘‘SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this Act: 
‘‘(1) ADMINISTRATOR.—The term ‘Adminis-
trator’ means the Administrator of the Office of 
Apprenticeship established under section 111(a). 
‘‘(2) ADVISORY COMMITTEE.—The term ‘Advi-
sory Committee’ means the National Advisory 
Committee on Apprenticeships established under 
section 112. 
‘‘(3) 
APPRENTICE.—The 
term 
‘apprentice’ 
means a program participant in an apprentice-
ship program. 
‘‘(4) APPRENTICESHIP
AGREEMENT.—The term 
‘apprenticeship agreement’ means a written 
agreement under section 123 between— 
‘‘(A) an apprentice, a youth apprentice, or a 
pre-apprentice; and 
‘‘(B) a sponsor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.005
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 2-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H394 
February 5, 2021 
‘‘(5) APPRENTICESHIP HUB.—The term ‘appren-
ticeship hub’ means a regional or sectoral quali-
fied intermediary recognized by a State appren-
ticeship agency or a State Office of Apprentice-
ship as organizing and providing activities and 
services related to the development of programs 
under the national apprenticeship system. 
‘‘(6) APPRENTICEABLE OCCUPATION.—The term 
‘apprenticeable occupation’ means an occupa-
tion that the Administrator has determined 
meets the requirements of section 121. 
‘‘(7) APPRENTICESHIP
PROGRAM.—The term 
‘apprenticeship program’ means a program that 
meets the standards described in section 122(b) 
and is registered under this Act. 
‘‘(8) COMPETENCY.—The term ‘competency’ 
means the attainment of knowledge, skills, and 
abilities in a subject area, as specified by an oc-
cupational skill standard and demonstrated by 
an appropriate written or hands-on proficiency 
measurement. 
‘‘(9) DEPARTMENT.—The term ‘Department’ 
means the Department of Labor. 
‘‘(10) EDUCATION
AND
TRAINING
PROVIDER.— 
The term ‘education and training provider’ 
means— 
‘‘(A) an area career and technical education 
school; 
‘‘(B) an early college high school; 
‘‘(C) an educational service agency; 
‘‘(D) a high school; 
‘‘(E) a local educational agency or State edu-
cational agency; 
‘‘(F) a Tribal educational agency, Tribally 
controlled college or university, or Tribally con-
trolled postsecondary career and technical insti-
tution; 
‘‘(G) a postsecondary educational institution; 
‘‘(H) a minority-serving institution; 
‘‘(I) a provider of adult education and literacy 
activities under the Adult Education and Fam-
ily Literacy Act (29 U.S.C. 3271 et seq.); 
‘‘(J) a local agency administering plans under 
title I of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 
U.S.C. 720 et seq.), other than section 112 or part 
C of that title (29 U.S.C. 732, 741); 
‘‘(K) a related instruction provider, including 
a qualified intermediary acting as a related in-
struction provider as approved by a registration 
agency; or 
‘‘(L) a consortium of entities described in any 
of subparagraphs (A) through (K). 
‘‘(11) ELIGIBLE ENTITY.— 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—The term ‘eligible entity’ 
means— 
‘‘(i) a program sponsor; 
‘‘(ii) a State workforce development board or 
State workforce agency, or a local workforce de-
velopment board or local workforce development 
agency; 
‘‘(iii) an education and training provider, or a 
consortium thereof; 
‘‘(iv) if the applicant is in a State with a State 
apprenticeship agency, such State apprentice-
ship agency; 
‘‘(v) an Indian Tribe or Tribal organization; 
‘‘(vi) an industry or sector partnership, a 
group of employers, a trade association, or a 
professional association that sponsors or partici-
pates in a program under the national appren-
ticeship system; 
‘‘(vii) a Governor of a State; 
‘‘(viii) a labor organization or joint labor- 
management organization; or 
‘‘(ix) a qualified intermediary. 
‘‘(B) SPONSOR REQUIREMENT.—Not fewer than 
one entity under subparagraph (A) shall be the 
sponsor of a program under the national ap-
prenticeship system. 
‘‘(12) INDIAN TRIBE; TRIBAL ORGANIZATION.— 
The terms ‘Indian Tribe’ and ‘Tribal organiza-
tion’ have the meaning given the terms (without 
regard to capitalization) in section 4 of the In-
dian Self-Determination and Education Assist-
ance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304). 
‘‘(13) INTERIM CREDENTIAL.—The term ‘interim 
credential’ means a credential issued by a reg-
istration agency, upon request of the appro-
priate sponsor, as certification of competency 
attainment by a program participant during 
participation in a program under the national 
apprenticeship system. 
‘‘(14) 
JOURNEYWORKER.—The 
term 
‘journeyworker’ means a worker who has at-
tained a level of skill, abilities, and com-
petencies recognized within an industry as hav-
ing mastered the skills and competencies re-
quired for the occupation. 
‘‘(15) MINORITY-SERVING
INSTITUTION.—The 
term ‘minority-serving institution’ means an in-
stitution defined in any of paragraphs (1) 
through (7) of section 371(a) of the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1067q(a))). 
‘‘(16) NATIONAL APPRENTICESHIP SYSTEM.—The 
term ‘national apprenticeship system’ means the 
apprenticeship programs, youth apprenticeship 
programs, and pre-apprenticeship programs that 
meet the requirements of this Act. 
‘‘(17) NONTRADITIONAL APPRENTICESHIP POPU-
LATION.—The term ‘nontraditional apprentice-
ship population’ means a group of individuals 
(such as a group of individuals from the same 
gender or race), the members of which comprise 
fewer than 25 percent of the program partici-
pants in an apprenticeable occupation under 
the national apprenticeship system. 
‘‘(18) NONTRADITIONAL APPRENTICESHIP INDUS-
TRY OR OCCUPATION.—The term ‘nontraditional 
apprenticeship industry or occupation’ refers to 
an industry sector or occupation that represents 
fewer than 10 percent of apprenticeable occupa-
tions or the programs under the national ap-
prenticeship system. 
‘‘(19) OUTLYING
AREA.—The term ‘outlying 
area’ means American Samoa, Guam, the Com-
monwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, 
and the United States Virgin Islands. 
‘‘(20) PRE-APPRENTICE.—The term ‘pre-ap-
prentice’ means a program participant in a pre- 
apprenticeship program. 
‘‘(21) 
PRE-APPRENTICESHIP
PROGRAM.—The 
term ‘pre-apprenticeship program’ means a 
training model or program that— 
‘‘(A) prepares individuals for acceptance into 
an apprenticeship program; 
‘‘(B) meets the standards described in section 
122(c); and 
‘‘(C) is registered under this Act. 
‘‘(22) PROGRAM PARTICIPANT.—The term ‘pro-
gram participant’ means an apprentice, a pre- 
apprentice, or a youth apprentice. 
‘‘(23) QUALIFIED INTERMEDIARY.— 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—The term ‘qualified inter-
mediary’ means an entity that demonstrates ex-
pertise in building, connecting, sustaining, and 
measuring the performance of partnerships de-
scribed in subparagraph (B) and serves program 
participants and employers by— 
‘‘(i) connecting employers to programs under 
the national apprenticeship system; 
‘‘(ii) assisting in the design and implementa-
tion of such programs, including curriculum de-
velopment and delivery for related instruction; 
‘‘(iii) supporting entities, sponsors, or program 
administrators in meeting the registration and 
reporting requirements of this Act; 
‘‘(iv) providing professional development ac-
tivities such as training to mentors; 
‘‘(v) supporting the recruitment, retention, 
and completion of potential program partici-
pants, including nontraditional apprenticeship 
populations and individuals with barriers to em-
ployment; 
‘‘(vi) developing and providing personalized 
program participant supports, including by 
partnering with organizations to provide access 
to or referrals for supportive services and finan-
cial advising; 
‘‘(vii) providing services, resources, and sup-
ports for development, delivery, expansion, or 
improvement of programs under the national ap-
prenticeship system; or 
‘‘(viii) serving as a program sponsor. 
‘‘(B) PARTNERSHIPS.—The term ‘partnerships 
described in subparagraph (B)’ means partner-
ships among entities involved in, or applying to 
participate in, programs under the national ap-
prenticeship system, including— 
‘‘(i) industry or sector partnerships; 
‘‘(ii) partnerships among employers, joint 
labor-management organizations, labor organi-
zations, community-based organizations, indus-
try associations, State or local workforce devel-
opment boards, education and training pro-
viders, social service organizations, economic de-
velopment organizations, Indian Tribes or Trib-
al organizations, one-stop operators, or one-stop 
partners in the State workforce development 
system; or 
‘‘(iii) partnerships among one or more of the 
entities described in clauses (i) and (ii). 
‘‘(24) RECOGNIZED
POSTSECONDARY
CREDEN-
TIAL.—The term ‘recognized postsecondary cre-
dential’ has the meaning given the term in sec-
tion 3 of the Workforce Innovation and Oppor-
tunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102), except that such 
term does not include a certificate of completion 
of an apprenticeship. 
‘‘(25) REGISTRATION AGENCY.—The term ‘reg-
istration agency’ means the State Office of Ap-
prenticeship or State apprenticeship agency in a 
State that is responsible for— 
‘‘(A) approving or denying applications from 
sponsors for registration of programs under the 
national apprenticeship system in the State or 
area covered by the registration agency; and 
‘‘(B) carrying out the responsibilities of sup-
porting the youth apprenticeship, pre-appren-
ticeship, or apprenticeship programs registered 
by the registration agency. 
‘‘(26) RELATED
INSTRUCTION.—The term ‘re-
lated instruction’ means an organized and sys-
tematic form of instruction that meets the re-
quirements of section 122(b)(1)(C). 
‘‘(27) RELATED FEDERAL PROGRAMS.—The term 
‘related Federal programs’ means programs or 
activities under the following: 
‘‘(A) The Workforce Innovation and Oppor-
tunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3101 et seq.), including 
adult education and literacy activities under 
such Act. 
‘‘(B) The Wagner-Peyser Act (29 U.S.C. 49 et 
seq.). 
‘‘(C) The Elementary and Secondary Edu-
cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.). 
‘‘(D) The Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 
U.S.C. 1001 et seq.). 
‘‘(E) The Individuals with Disabilities Edu-
cation Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.). 
‘‘(F) Title I of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 
(29 U.S.C. 720 et seq.). 
‘‘(G) Title V of the Older Americans Act of 
1965 (42 U.S.C. 3056 et seq.). 
‘‘(H) The postsecondary level under the Carl 
D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act 
of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2302). 
‘‘(I) Chapter 2 of title II of the Trade Act of 
1974 (19 U.S.C. 2271 et seq.). 
‘‘(J) Chapter 41 of title 38, United States Code. 
‘‘(K) Employment and training activities car-
ried out under the Community Services Block 
Grant Act (42 U.S.C. 9901 et seq.). 
‘‘(L) State unemployment compensation laws 
(in accordance with applicable Federal law). 
‘‘(M) Section 231 of the Second Chance Act of 
2007 (34 U.S.C. 60541). 
‘‘(N) Part A of title IV of the Social Security 
Act (42 U.S.C. 601 et seq.). 
‘‘(O) Employment and training activities car-
ried out by the Department of Housing and 
Urban Development, the Department of Defense, 
the Department of Commerce, the Department of 
Energy, the Department of Transportation, and 
the Small Business Administration. 
‘‘(P) Section 6(d)(4) of the Food and Nutrition 
Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2015(d)(4)). 
‘‘(Q) Educational assistance programs under 
chapters 30 through 36 of title 38, United States 
Code. 
‘‘(28) SECRETARY.—The term ‘Secretary’ means 
the Secretary of Labor. 
‘‘(29) SPONSOR.—The term ‘sponsor’ means an 
employer, joint labor-management organization, 
trade association, professional association, labor 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00004
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.008
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 3-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H395 
February 5, 2021 
organization, education and training provider, 
or qualified intermediary that is applying to ad-
minister and operate a program under the na-
tional apprenticeship system. 
‘‘(30) STATE.—The term ‘State’— 
‘‘(A) has the meaning given such term in sec-
tion 3 of the Workforce Innovation and Oppor-
tunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102); and 
‘‘(B) includes each of the outlying areas. 
‘‘(31) STATE
APPRENTICESHIP
AGENCY.—The 
term ‘State apprenticeship agency’ means a 
State agency recognized as a State apprentice-
ship agency under section 113. 
‘‘(32) STATE
APPRENTICESHIP
COUNCIL.—The 
term ‘State apprenticeship council’ means an 
entity established under section 113(b)(3) to as-
sist the State apprenticeship agency. 
‘‘(33) STATE OFFICE OF APPRENTICESHIP.—The 
term ‘State office of apprenticeship’ means the 
office designated by the Administrator to admin-
ister programs under the national apprentice-
ship system in such State and meets the require-
ments of section 111(b)(3). 
‘‘(34) STATE OR LOCAL WORKFORCE DEVELOP-
MENT BOARDS.—The terms ‘State workforce de-
velopment board’ and ‘local workforce develop-
ment board’ have the meanings given the terms 
‘State board’ and ‘local board’, respectively, in 
section 3 of the Workforce Innovation and Op-
portunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102). 
‘‘(35) STATE
WORKFORCE
AGENCY.—The term 
‘State workforce agency’ means the State agen-
cy with responsibility for workforce investment 
activities under chapters 2 and 3 of subtitle B of 
title I of the Workforce Innovation and Oppor-
tunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3121 et seq., 3131 et seq.). 
‘‘(36) CTE TERMS.—The terms ‘area career and 
technical education school’, ‘articulation agree-
ment’, ‘credit transfer agreement’, ‘postsec-
ondary educational institution’, ‘Tribally con-
trolled college or university’, ‘Tribally controlled 
postsecondary career and technical institution’, 
and ‘work-based learning’ have the meanings 
given in section 3 of the Carl D. Perkins Career 
and Technical Education Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 
2302). 
‘‘(37) ESEA TERMS.—The terms ‘dual or con-
current enrollment program’, ‘early college high 
school’, 
‘education 
service 
agency’, 
‘high 
school’, ‘local educational agency’, ‘paraprofes-
sional’, and ‘State educational agency’ have the 
meanings given in section 8101 of the Elemen-
tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 
U.S.C. 7801). 
‘‘(38) TRIBAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY.—The term 
‘Tribal educational agency’ has the meaning 
given the term in section 6132 of the Elementary 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 
7452). 
‘‘(39) WIOA TERMS.—The terms ‘career path-
way’, ‘in-demand industry sector or occupa-
tion’, ‘individual with a barrier to employment’, 
‘industry or sector partnership’, ‘labor market 
area’, ‘local area’, ‘one-stop center’, ‘one-stop 
operator’, ‘one-stop partner’, ‘supportive serv-
ices’ and ‘workforce development system’ have 
the meanings given in section 3 of the Workforce 
Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 
3102). 
‘‘(40) YOUTH
APPRENTICE.—The term ‘youth 
apprentice’ means a participant in a youth ap-
prenticeship program. 
‘‘(41) YOUTH APPRENTICESHIP PROGRAM.—The 
term ‘youth apprenticeship program’ means a 
model or program that meets the standards de-
scribed in section 122(d) and is registered under 
this Act. 
‘‘SEC. 3. PROGRAMS UNDER THE NATIONAL AP-
PRENTICESHIP SYSTEM. 
‘‘Any funds appropriated under this Act shall 
only be used for, or provided to, programs under 
the national apprenticeship system, including 
any funds awarded for the purposes of grants, 
contracts, or cooperative agreements, or the de-
velopment, implementation, or administration, 
of program under the national apprenticeship 
system. 
‘‘SEC. 4. TRANSITION PROVISIONS. 
‘‘The Secretary shall take such steps as are 
necessary to provide for the orderly transition to 
the authority of this Act (as amended by the 
National Apprenticeship Act of 2021) from any 
authority under this Act as in effect on the day 
before the date of enactment of the National Ap-
prenticeship Act of 2021. 
‘‘SEC. 5. DISAGGREGATION OF DATA. 
‘‘The disaggregation of data under this Act 
shall not be required when the number of pro-
gram participants in a category is insufficient to 
yield statistically reliable information or when 
the results would reveal personally identifiable 
information about a program participant or 
would reveal such information when combined 
with other released information. 
‘‘SEC. 6. RELATION TO OTHER LAWS. 
‘‘Nothing in this Act shall invalidate or limit 
the remedies, rights, and procedures under any 
Federal law or the law of any State or political 
subdivision of any State or jurisdiction that pro-
vides greater or equal protection for individuals 
based on race, color, religion, national origin, 
sex, sexual orientation, age, genetic informa-
tion, or disability than are afforded by this Act. 
‘‘TITLE I—PROMOTING PROGRAMS UNDER 
THE NATIONAL APPRENTICESHIP SYSTEM 
‘‘Subtitle A—The Office of Apprenticeship, 
State Registration Agency Approval Process, 
and Interagency Agreement 
‘‘SEC. 111. THE OFFICE OF APPRENTICESHIP. 
‘‘(a) ESTABLISHMENT OF THE OFFICE OF AP-
PRENTICESHIP.—There is established, in the Em-
ployment and Training Administration of the 
Department of Labor, an Office of Apprentice-
ship (referred to in this section as the ‘Office’), 
which shall be directed by an Administrator 
who has demonstrated knowledge of the na-
tional apprenticeship system necessary to head 
the Office. 
‘‘(b) 
RESPONSIBILITIES.—The 
Administrator 
shall be responsible for the administration of 
this Act, including: 
‘‘(1) PROMOTION AND AWARENESS ACTIVITIES.— 
The Administrator shall carry out promotion 
and awareness activities, including the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(A) Supporting the development or scaling of 
apprenticeship models nationally, promoting the 
effectiveness of youth apprenticeship, pre-ap-
prenticeship, and apprenticeship programs, and 
providing promotional materials to State ap-
prenticeship agencies, State workforce develop-
ment systems or local workforce development 
systems, State educational agencies or local edu-
cational agencies, employers, trade associations, 
professional associations, industry groups, labor 
organizations, joint labor-management organi-
zations, education and training providers, Fed-
eral and State correctional facilities, and pro-
spective apprentices in such programs. 
‘‘(B) Promoting greater diversity in the na-
tional apprenticeship system including by— 
‘‘(i)(I) promoting outreach to nontraditional 
apprenticeship populations; 
‘‘(II) engaging minority-serving institutions 
and employers from nontraditional apprentice-
ship industries or occupations; and 
‘‘(III) engaging small, medium-size, women- 
owned, and minority-owned businesses, and em-
ployers in high-skill, high-wage, and in-demand 
industry sectors and occupations that are non-
traditional apprenticeship industries or occupa-
tions; and 
‘‘(ii) supporting the participation and reten-
tion of apprentices and employers described in 
clause (i) in the national apprenticeship system. 
‘‘(2) TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE ACTIVITIES.—The 
Administrator shall carry out technical assist-
ance activities, including the following: 
‘‘(A) Providing technical assistance to— 
‘‘(i) assist State apprenticeship agencies and 
sponsors in complying with the requirements of 
this Act, including the process and standards 
described in subtitle B and the evaluation and 
research requirements described in subtitle C; 
‘‘(ii) receive and resolve comments or com-
plaints from youth apprentices, pre-apprentices, 
or apprentices, sponsors, employers, State ap-
prenticeship agencies, State local workforce 
agencies or local workforce agencies, State edu-
cational agencies or local educational agencies, 
qualified intermediaries, labor organizations, 
joint labor-management organizations, or other 
stakeholders; 
‘‘(iii) assist sponsors, employers, qualified 
intermediaries, and education and training or 
related instruction providers, or other entities 
interested in becoming sponsors, or seeking sup-
port for developing programs under the national 
apprenticeship system or effectively carrying out 
such programs, including providing assistance 
for remote or virtual learning or training, as 
necessary; 
‘‘(iv) assist those applying for or carrying out 
grants, contracts, or cooperative agreements 
under title II; and 
‘‘(v) share, through a national apprenticeship 
system clearinghouse, high-quality materials for 
programs under the national apprenticeship sys-
tem, such as related instruction or training ma-
terials. 
‘‘(B) Cooperating with the— 
‘‘(i) Secretary of Education in— 
‘‘(I) providing technical assistance for the de-
velopment and implementation of related in-
struction under the national apprenticeship sys-
tem that is aligned with State education systems 
and education and training providers; and 
‘‘(II) supporting the stackability and port-
ability of academic credit and credentials 
earned as part of such programs, including 
through articulation agreements and career 
pathways; and 
‘‘(ii) State workforce development systems to 
promote awareness of opportunities under the 
national apprenticeship system. 
‘‘(3) STATE OFFICES OF APPRENTICESHIP.— 
‘‘(A) ESTABLISHMENT OF OFFICES.— 
‘‘(i) IN GENERAL.—The Administrator shall es-
tablish and operate a State Office of Apprentice-
ship in a State described in clause (ii) to serve 
as the registration agency for such State. 
‘‘(ii) APPLICABLE STATES.—A State described 
in this clause is a State— 
‘‘(I) in which, as of the day before the date of 
enactment of the National Apprenticeship Act of 
2021, there is no State Office of Apprenticeship; 
and 
‘‘(II) that has not applied for recognition as a 
State apprenticeship agency under section 113, 
or for which such recognition has not provided 
or has been withdrawn by the Administrator 
under such section. 
‘‘(B) STATE PLAN REQUIREMENT.—Each State 
Office of Apprenticeship shall be administered 
by a State Director who shall prepare and sub-
mit a State plan that meets the requirements of 
section 113(c). 
‘‘(C) VACANCIES.—Subject to the availability 
of appropriations, in the case of a State Office 
of Apprenticeship with a vacant position, the 
Administrator shall— 
‘‘(i) make information on such vacancy avail-
able on a publicly accessible website; and 
‘‘(ii) report to the Committee on Education 
and Labor of the House of Representatives and 
the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions of the Senate, on the status and 
length of such vacancy if such vacancy is not 
filled not later than 90 days after such position 
has become vacant. 
‘‘(D) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in this 
paragraph shall be construed to prohibit any 
State described in subparagraph (A)(ii) from es-
tablishing an agency or entity to promote pro-
grams under the national apprenticeship system 
in such State, in coordination with the State Of-
fice of Apprenticeship operating in the State, so 
long as such agency or entity does not act as 
the registration agency in such State. 
‘‘(4) QUALITY
STANDARDS, 
APPRENTICESHIP 
AGREEMENT, 
AND
REGISTRATION
REVIEW.—In 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00005
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.008
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 4-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H396 
February 5, 2021 
order for the Secretary, acting through the Ad-
ministrator, to support the formulation and fur-
therance of labor standards necessary to safe-
guard the welfare of program participants, and 
to extend the application of such standards in 
apprenticeship agreements, not later than 1 year 
after the effective date of the National Appren-
ticeship Act of 2021, and at least every 3 years 
thereafter, the Administrator shall review, and 
where appropriate, update the process for meet-
ing the requirements of subtitle B, including ap-
plicable regulations and subregulatory guidance 
to ensure that such process is easily accessible 
and efficient to bring together employers and 
labor as sponsors or potential sponsors of pro-
grams under the national apprenticeship sys-
tem. 
‘‘(5) APPRENTICEABLE OCCUPATIONS.— 
‘‘(A) 
EXISTING
APPRENTICEABLE
OCCUPA-
TIONS.—The Administrator shall regularly re-
view and update the requirements for each 
apprenticeable occupation to ensure that such 
requirements are in compliance with require-
ments under this Act. 
‘‘(B) NEW APPRENTICEABLE OCCUPATION.— 
‘‘(i) IN GENERAL.—The Administrator shall re-
view and make a determination on whether to 
approve an occupation as an apprenticeable oc-
cupation not later than 45 days after receiving 
an application from a person seeking such ap-
proval from the Administrator. 
‘‘(ii) ESTIMATED
TIMELINE.—If such deter-
mination is not made within 45 days, the Ad-
ministrator shall provide the applicant with a 
written explanation for the delay and offer an 
estimated timeline for a determination that does 
not to exceed 90 days after the date of such 
written explanation. 
‘‘(C) INDUSTRY
RECOGNIZED
OCCUPATIONAL 
STANDARDS.— 
‘‘(i) IN
GENERAL.—From the funds appro-
priated under section 141(a), the Administrator 
shall convene, on an ongoing basis and taking 
into consideration recommendations of the Advi-
sory Committee under section 112(d)(4), the in-
dustry sector leaders and experts described in 
clause (ii) for the purposes of establishing or up-
dating specific frameworks of industry recog-
nized occupational standards for apprenticeable 
occupations (including potential apprenticeable 
occupations) that— 
‘‘(I) meet the requirements of this Act; and 
‘‘(II) describe program scope and length, re-
lated instruction, on-the-job training, recog-
nized postsecondary credentials, and com-
petencies, and relevant timelines for review of 
such frameworks. 
‘‘(ii) INDUSTRY
SECTOR
LEADERS
AND
EX-
PERTS.—The industry sector leaders and experts 
are employers, industry associations, joint 
labor-management organizations, labor organi-
zations, education and training providers, cre-
dential providers, program participants, na-
tional qualified intermediaries, including those 
supporting increased participation of nontradi-
tional apprenticeship populations and nontradi-
tional apprenticeship industries or occupations, 
and other stakeholders relevant to the sector or 
occupation for which the frameworks are being 
established or updated, as determined by the 
Administrator. 
‘‘(iii) 
PRIORITY
INDUSTRY
RECOGNIZED 
APPRENTICEABLE OCCUPATIONS.—In establishing 
frameworks under clause (i) for the first time 
after the effective date of the National Appren-
ticeship Act of 2021, the Administrator shall 
prioritize the establishment of such standards in 
high-skill, high-wage, or in-demand industry 
sectors and occupations. 
‘‘(D) REGULATIONS.—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of the enactment of the National 
Apprenticeship Act of 2021, the Secretary shall 
issue regulations that outline a process for 
proactively establishing and approving stand-
ards and requirements for apprenticeable occu-
pations in consultation with the industry sector 
leaders and experts described in subparagraph 
(C)(ii). 
‘‘(6) PROGRAM OVERSIGHT AND EVALUATION.— 
The Administrator shall— 
‘‘(A) monitor State apprenticeship agencies, 
State Offices of Apprenticeship, grantees, and 
sponsors of programs under the national ap-
prenticeship system to ensure compliance with 
the requirements of this Act; 
‘‘(B) provide technical assistance to assist 
such entities with such compliance or program 
performance; and 
‘‘(C) conduct research and evaluation in ac-
cordance with subtitle C. 
‘‘(7) PROMOTING DIVERSITY IN THE NATIONAL 
APPRENTICESHIP
SYSTEM.—The 
Administrator 
shall promote diversity and ensure equal oppor-
tunity to participate in programs for appren-
tices, youth apprentices, and pre-apprentices, 
including— 
‘‘(A) taking steps necessary to promote diver-
sity in apprenticeable occupations under the na-
tional apprenticeship system, especially in high- 
skill, high-wage, or in-demand industry sectors 
and occupations in areas with high percentages 
of low-income individuals; 
‘‘(B) ensuring programs under the national 
apprenticeship system— 
‘‘(i) adopt and implement policies to provide 
for equal opportunity in such programs, as de-
scribed in section 30.3 of title 29, Code of Federal 
Regulations (as in effect on January 31, 2020); 
‘‘(ii) do not engage in intimidation or retalia-
tion as prohibited under section 30.17 of title 29, 
Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on 
January 31, 2020); and 
‘‘(iii) are subject, for any violation of clauses 
(i) or (ii), to enforcement action under this Act; 
and 
‘‘(C) supporting the recruitment, employment, 
and retention of nontraditional apprenticeship 
populations in programs under the national ap-
prenticeship system in high-skill, high-wage, 
and in-demand industry sectors and occupa-
tions, including women, people of color, individ-
uals with disabilities, individuals impacted by 
the criminal and juvenile justice system, and in-
dividuals with barriers to employment, as appli-
cable. 
‘‘(8) GRANT AWARDS.—The Administrator shall 
award grants, contracts, or cooperative agree-
ments under title II. 
‘‘(9) NATIONAL
ADVISORY
COMMITTEE.—The 
Administrator shall— 
‘‘(A) regularly consult with the National Ad-
visory Committee on Apprenticeships under sec-
tion 112; and 
‘‘(B) ensure that the required recommenda-
tions and other reports of the Advisory Com-
mittee are submitted to the Secretary and trans-
mitted to the Committee on Education and 
Labor of the House of Representatives and the 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and 
Pensions of the Senate. 
‘‘(10) 
COORDINATION.—The 
Administrator 
shall coordinate and align programs under the 
national apprenticeship system with related 
Federal programs. 
‘‘(c) INFORMATION COLLECTION AND DISSEMI-
NATION.—The Administrator shall provide for 
data collection and dissemination of information 
regarding programs under the national appren-
ticeship system, including— 
‘‘(1) not later than 1 year after the date of the 
enactment of the National Apprenticeship Act of 
2021, establishing and supporting a single infor-
mation technology infrastructure to support 
data collection and reporting from State appren-
ticeship agencies, State Offices of Apprentice-
ship, grantees under title II, program sponsors, 
and program administrators under the national 
apprenticeship system by providing for a data 
infrastructure that— 
‘‘(A) is developed and maintained by the Ad-
ministrator, with input from national data and 
privacy experts, is informed by best practices on 
public provision of credential information, and 
to the extent practicable, aligns with the tech-
nology infrastructure for related Federal pro-
grams, such as the technology infrastructure 
used under the Workforce Innovation and Op-
portunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3101 et seq.); 
‘‘(B) best meets the needs of the national ap-
prenticeship system stakeholders reporting data 
to the Administrator or State apprenticeship 
agencies, including through the provision of 
technical assistance and financial assistance as 
necessary to ensure reporting systems are 
equipped to report into a single information 
technology infrastructure; and 
‘‘(C) is aligned with data from the perform-
ance reviews under section 131(b)(1)(A); 
‘‘(2) providing for data sharing that includes 
making nonpersonally identifiable apprentice-
ship data available on a publicly accessible 
website that is searchable and comparable, 
through the use of common, linked, open-data 
description language, such as the credential 
transparency description language or a substan-
tially similar resource, so that interested parties 
can become aware of apprenticeship opportuni-
ties and of program outcomes that best meets the 
needs of youth apprentices, pre-apprentices, 
and apprentices, employers, education and 
training providers, program sponsors, and rel-
evant stakeholders, including— 
‘‘(A) information on program offerings under 
the national apprenticeship system based on 
geographical location and apprenticeable occu-
pation; 
‘‘(B) information on education and training 
providers providing opportunities under such 
system, including whether programs under such 
system offer dual or concurrent enrollment pro-
grams, articulation agreements, and recognized 
postsecondary credentials as part of the pro-
gram offerings; 
‘‘(C) information about the educational and 
occupational 
credentials 
and 
related 
com-
petencies of programs under such system; and 
‘‘(D) information based on the most recent 
data available to the Office that is consistent 
with national standards and practices. 
‘‘SEC. 112. NATIONAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON 
APPRENTICESHIPS. 
‘‘(a) ESTABLISHMENT.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—There is established, in the 
Department of Labor, a National Advisory Com-
mittee on Apprenticeships. 
‘‘(2) COMPOSITION.— 
‘‘(A) APPOINTMENTS.—The Advisory Com-
mittee shall consist of 27 voting members de-
scribed in subparagraph (B) appointed by the 
Secretary. 
‘‘(B) LIST OF INDIVIDUALS.—The individuals 
described in this subparagraph are— 
‘‘(i) 9 representatives of employers or industry 
associations who participate in an apprentice-
ship program (at least 1 of which represents a 
women, minority, or veteran-owned business), 
including representatives of employers rep-
resenting nontraditional apprenticeship indus-
tries or occupations, and other high-skill, high- 
wage, or in-demand industry sectors or occupa-
tions, as applicable; 
‘‘(ii) 9 representatives of labor organizations 
or joint labor-management organizations who 
have responsibility for the administration of an 
apprenticeship program (including those spon-
sored by a joint labor-management organization 
and from nontraditional apprenticeship indus-
tries or occupations), at least 1 of which rep-
resent employees primarily in the building 
trades and construction industry; 
‘‘(iii) 1 representative of each from— 
‘‘(I) a State apprenticeship agency; 
‘‘(II) a State or local workforce development 
board with significant expertise in supporting a 
program under the national apprenticeship sys-
tem; 
‘‘(III) a community organization with signifi-
cant expertise supporting such a program; 
‘‘(IV) an area career and technical education 
school or local educational agency; 
‘‘(V) a State apprenticeship council; 
‘‘(VI) a State or local postsecondary education 
and training providers that administers, or has 
not less than 1 articulation agreement with an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00006
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.008
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 5-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H397 
February 5, 2021 
entity administering, a program under the na-
tional apprenticeship system; 
‘‘(VII) a provider of an industry-recognized 
credential; 
‘‘(VIII) a national qualified intermediary, in-
cluding a national qualified intermediary that 
supports increased participation of nontradi-
tional apprenticeship populations and nontradi-
tional apprenticeship industries or occupations; 
and 
‘‘(IX) a program participant. 
‘‘(C) EX OFFICIO NONVOTING MEMBERS.—The 
Advisory Committee shall consist of ex officio 
nonvoting members from each of the following 
departments, selected by the applicable Sec-
retary— 
‘‘(i) the Department of Labor; 
‘‘(ii) the Department of Commerce; 
‘‘(iii) the Department of Education; 
‘‘(iv) the Department of Energy; 
‘‘(v) the Department of Housing and Urban 
Development; 
‘‘(vi) the Department of Transportation; 
‘‘(vii) the Department of Veterans Affairs; 
‘‘(viii) the Department of Health and Human 
Services; 
‘‘(ix) the Department of Justice; and 
‘‘(x) the Department of Defense. 
‘‘(D) RECOMMENDATIONS.—The Speaker of the 
House of Representatives, the Minority Leader 
of the House of Representatives, the Majority 
Leader of the Senate, and the Minority Leader 
of the Senate may each recommend to the Sec-
retary an individual described in clause (i) or 
(ii) of subparagraph (B) for appointment under 
subparagraph (A) who shall be subject to the re-
quirements of paragraph (3). 
‘‘(3) QUALIFICATIONS.—An individual shall be 
selected under paragraph (1) on the basis of the 
experience and competence of such individual 
with respect to programs under the national ap-
prenticeship system. 
‘‘(4) TERMS.— 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—Each voting member of the 
Advisory Committee shall be appointed for a 
term of 4 years, except as provided in subpara-
graphs (B) through (D). 
‘‘(B) TERMS OF INITIAL APPOINTEES.— 
‘‘(i) IN
GENERAL.—The appointments of the 
initial members of the Advisory Committee shall 
be made not later than 90 days after the effec-
tive date of the National Apprenticeship Act of 
2021. 
‘‘(ii) STAGGERING OF TERMS.—As designated by 
the Secretary at the time of the appointment, of 
the members first appointed— 
‘‘(I) half of such members shall serve a 2-year 
term; and 
‘‘(II) half of such members shall serve a 4-year 
term. 
‘‘(C) VACANCIES.—Any member appointed to 
fill a vacancy occurring before the expiration of 
the term for which the member’s predecessor was 
appointed shall be appointed only for the re-
mainder of that term. A member may serve after 
the expiration of that member’s term until a suc-
cessor has taken office. A vacancy in the Advi-
sory Committee shall be filled in the manner in 
which the original appointment was made, ex-
cept that such appointment shall be made not 
later than 90 days after the date of the vacancy. 
A member who fulfilled a partial term as the re-
sult of a vacancy may, at the end that term, be 
appointed to a full term. 
‘‘(D) MULTIPLE TERMS.—A voting member of 
the Advisory Committee may serve not more 
than 2 full terms on the Advisory Committee. 
‘‘(b) CHAIRPERSON.—The Advisory Committee 
members shall designate by vote one of the vot-
ing members described in subsection (a)(2)(A) of 
the Advisory Committee to serve as Chairperson 
of the Advisory Committee. 
‘‘(c) MEETINGS.— 
‘‘(1) IN
GENERAL.—The Advisory Committee 
shall meet at the call of the Chairperson and 
hold not fewer than 4 meetings during each cal-
endar year. 
‘‘(2) OPEN ACCESS.—All meetings of the Advi-
sory Committee shall be open to the public. A 
transcript shall be kept of each meeting and 
made available for public inspection within 30 
days of the meeting. 
‘‘(d) DUTIES.—The Advisory Committee shall, 
at a minimum— 
‘‘(1) advise, consult with, and make rec-
ommendations to the Administrator on matters 
relating to the administration of this Act, in-
cluding recommendations on regulations and 
policies related to the administration of this Act; 
‘‘(2) annually prepare a set of recommenda-
tions for the Administrator, to be shared with 
the Committee on Education and Labor of the 
House of Representatives and the Committee on 
Health, Education, Labor and Pensions of the 
Senate, to improve the registration process 
under subtitle B to make the process easily ac-
cessible and efficient for use by sponsors while 
maintaining the requirements under subtitle B; 
‘‘(3) make recommendations on expanding 
participation of nontraditional apprenticeship 
populations in programs under the national ap-
prenticeship system; and 
‘‘(4) review apprenticeable occupations and, 
based on reviews of labor market trends and 
changes, make recommendations to the Adminis-
trator on whether to— 
‘‘(A) make updates to apprenticeable occupa-
tions under section 111(b)(5)(A); or 
‘‘(B) convene sector leaders and experts under 
section 111(b)(5)(C) for the establishing specific 
frameworks of industry recognized occupational 
standards. 
‘‘(e) PERSONNEL.— 
‘‘(1) COMPENSATION OF MEMBERS.— 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—A member of the Advisory 
Committee who is not an officer or employee of 
the Federal Government shall be compensated at 
a rate equal to the daily equivalent of the an-
nual rate of basic pay prescribed for level IV of 
the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of 
title 5, United States Code, for each day (includ-
ing travel time) during which the member is en-
gaged in the performance of the duties of the 
Advisory Committee. 
‘‘(B) OFFICERS OR EMPLOYEES OF THE UNITED 
STATES.—Members of the Advisory Committee 
who are officers or employees of the United 
States may not receive additional pay, allow-
ances, or benefits by reason of their service on 
the Advisory Committee. 
‘‘(2) STAFF.—The Secretary shall supply the 
Advisory Committee with an executive Secretary 
and provide such secretarial, clerical, and other 
services as the Secretary determines to be nec-
essary to enable the Advisory Committee to 
carry out the duties described in subsection (d). 
‘‘(3) DATA
REQUESTS.—The Advisory Com-
mittee through its Chairperson may request data 
from the Secretary as determined necessary by 
the Advisory Committee to carry out its func-
tions as described in this section. 
‘‘(f) PERMANENT
COMMITTEE.—The Federal 
Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) (other 
than section 14 of such Act) shall apply to the 
Advisory Committee. 
‘‘SEC. 113. STATE APPRENTICESHIP AGENCIES 
AND STATE OFFICES OF APPREN-
TICESHIP. 
‘‘(a) RECOGNITION OF STATE APPRENTICESHIP 
AGENCIES.— 
‘‘(1) IN
GENERAL.—The Administrator shall 
recognize a State agency as a State apprentice-
ship agency in accordance with this section and 
cooperate with such State apprenticeship agen-
cy regarding the formulation and promotion of 
standards of apprenticeship under subtitle B. 
‘‘(2) APPLICATION.—A State desiring to have a 
State agency recognized as a State apprentice-
ship agency under this section shall submit an 
application at such time, in such manner, and 
containing such information as the Adminis-
trator may require, including— 
‘‘(A) the initial State plan described in sub-
section (c)(2)(A)(i); 
‘‘(B) a description of how the State appren-
ticeship agency will meet the State plan require-
ments of subsection (c); and 
‘‘(C) a description of the linkages and coordi-
nation of the State’s proposed standards, cri-
teria, and requirements with the State’s eco-
nomic development strategies and workforce de-
velopment system and the State’s secondary, 
postsecondary, and adult education systems. 
‘‘(3) REVIEW AND RECOGNITION.— 
‘‘(A) IN
GENERAL.—Not later than 90 days 
after the date on which a State submits an ap-
plication under paragraph (2), the Secretary 
shall notify the State regarding whether the 
agency of the State is recognized as a State ap-
prenticeship agency under this section. 
‘‘(B) DURATION OF RECOGNITION.— 
‘‘(i) DURATION.—The recognition of a State 
apprenticeship agency shall be for a 4-year pe-
riod beginning on the date the State apprentice-
ship agency is notified under subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(ii) NOTIFICATION.— 
‘‘(I) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall notify 
a State apprenticeship agency not later than 180 
days before the last day of the 4-year period re-
garding whether the State apprenticeship agen-
cy is in compliance with this section. 
‘‘(II) COMPLIANCE.—In the case of a State ap-
prenticeship agency that is in compliance with 
this section, the agency’s recognition under this 
section shall be renewed for an additional 4- 
year period and the notification under sub-
clause (I) shall include notification of such re-
newal. 
‘‘(III) NONCOMPLIANCE.—In the case of a 
State apprenticeship agency that is not in com-
pliance with this section, the notification 
shall— 
‘‘(aa) specify the areas of noncompliance; 
‘‘(bb) require corrective action; and 
‘‘(cc) offer technical assistance. 
‘‘(iii) RENEWAL
AFTER
CORRECTION.—If the 
Administrator determines that a State appren-
ticeship agency has corrected the identified 
areas of noncompliance under this subpara-
graph not later than 180 days of notification of 
noncompliance, the State apprenticeship agen-
cy’s recognition under this section shall be re-
newed for an additional 4-year period. 
‘‘(C) TRANSITION
PERIOD
FOR
STATE
AGEN-
CIES.— 
‘‘(i) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 1 year after 
the effective date of the National Apprenticeship 
Act of 2021, a State agency that, as of the day 
before the date of enactment of such Act, was 
recognized by the Secretary for purposes of reg-
istering apprenticeship programs in accordance 
with this Act shall submit an application under 
paragraph (2). 
‘‘(ii) TRANSITION PERIOD.—A State agency de-
scribed in clause (i) shall be recognized as a 
State apprenticeship agency under this section 
for a 4-year period beginning on the date on 
which the Secretary approves the application 
submitted by the State agency under paragraph 
(2). 
‘‘(b) AUTHORITY OF A STATE APPRENTICESHIP 
AGENCY.— 
‘‘(1) IN
GENERAL.—For the period during 
which a State apprenticeship agency is recog-
nized under subsection (a) and to maintain such 
recognition, the State apprenticeship agency 
shall carry out the requirements of this Act. 
‘‘(2) PROGRAM RECOGNITION.—With respect to 
a State with a State apprenticeship agency, the 
State apprenticeship agency shall have sole au-
thority to recognize and register a pre-appren-
ticeship, youth apprenticeship, or apprentice-
ship program in such State, which shall in-
clude— 
‘‘(A) determining whether such program is in 
compliance with the standards for such program 
under section 122; 
‘‘(B) in the case of such a program that is in 
compliance with such standards, recognizing 
the program and providing a certificate of rec-
ognition for such program; 
‘‘(C) providing technical assistance to current 
or potential sponsors; and 
‘‘(D) in the case of such a program that fails 
to meet the requirements of this Act, providing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00007
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.008
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 6-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H398 
February 5, 2021 
for the withdrawal of recognition of the pro-
gram in accordance with section 131(b). 
‘‘(3) STATE APPRENTICESHIP COUNCIL.— 
‘‘(A) IN
GENERAL.—A State apprenticeship 
agency shall establish and continue to use a 
State apprenticeship council, which shall oper-
ate in compliance with the requirements of this 
Act under the direction of the State apprentice-
ship agency. 
‘‘(B) COMPOSITION.—A State apprenticeship 
council may be regulatory or advisory in nature, 
and shall— 
‘‘(i) be composed of persons familiar with 
apprenticeable occupations; and 
‘‘(ii) be fairly balanced, with an equal number 
of— 
‘‘(I) representatives of employer organizations, 
including from nontraditional apprenticeship 
industries or occupations; 
‘‘(II) representatives of labor organizations or 
joint labor-management organizations, includ-
ing from nontraditional apprenticeship indus-
tries or occupations; and 
‘‘(III) public members; and 
‘‘(iii) to the extent practicable, have not less 
than 1 member who is a member of the State 
workforce board. 
‘‘(C) SPECIAL RULE.—A State apprenticeship 
council shall not be eligible for recognition as a 
State apprenticeship agency. 
‘‘(c) STATE PLAN.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—For a State apprenticeship 
agency to be eligible to receive allotments under 
subsection (f) and to be recognized under this 
section, the State apprenticeship agency shall 
submit to the Secretary a State plan that meets 
the requirements of this subsection. 
‘‘(2) APPROVAL OF STATE PLAN.— 
‘‘(A) SUBMISSION.— 
‘‘(i) INITIAL PLAN.—The first State plan of a 
State apprenticeship agency shall be submitted 
to the Administrator not later than 120 days 
prior to the commencement of the first full pro-
gram year of the State apprenticeship agency, 
which shall include— 
‘‘(I) a description of any State laws, policies, 
or operational procedures relating to the process 
of recognizing programs under the national ap-
prenticeship system that is inconsistent with, or 
imposes requirements in addition to, the require-
ments of this Act; 
‘‘(II) an assurance that the State will notify 
the Administrator if there are any changes to 
the State laws (including regulations), policies, 
or procedures described in subclause (I) that 
occur after the date of submission of such plan; 
and 
‘‘(III) an assurance that the State will make 
available on a publicly available website a de-
scription of any laws (including regulations), 
policies, and operational procedures relating to 
the process of recognizing programs under the 
national apprenticeship system that are incon-
sistent with, or impose requirements in addition 
to, the requirements of this Act. 
‘‘(ii) SUBSEQUENT PLANS.—Except as provided 
in clause (i), a State plan shall be submitted to 
the Administrator not later than 120 days prior 
to the end of the 4-year period covered by the 
preceding State plan. 
‘‘(B) APPROVAL.—A State plan shall be sub-
ject to the approval of the Administrator and 
shall be considered to be approved at the end of 
the 90-day period beginning on the date that the 
plan is submitted under this paragraph, unless 
the Administrator, during the 90-day period, 
provides the State apprenticeship agency, in 
writing— 
‘‘(i) an explanation for why the State plan is 
inconsistent with the requirements of this Act; 
and 
‘‘(ii) an opportunity for an appeal of such de-
termination to an Administrative Law Judge for 
the Department of Labor not later than 30 days 
after receipt of the notice of denial from the Ad-
ministrator. 
‘‘(C) MODIFICATIONS.— 
‘‘(i) MODIFICATIONS.—At the end of the first 2- 
year period of any 4-year State plan, the State 
may submit modifications to the State plan to 
reflect changes in labor market and economic 
conditions or other factors affecting the imple-
mentation of the State plan. 
‘‘(ii) APPROVAL.—A modified State plan sub-
mitted for review under clause (i) shall be sub-
ject to the approval requirements described in 
subparagraph (B). 
‘‘(3) TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE.—Each State Plan 
shall describe how the State apprenticeship 
agency will provide technical assistance for— 
‘‘(A) potential sponsors, employers, labor or-
ganizations, joint labor-management organiza-
tions, qualified intermediaries, apprentices, edu-
cation and training providers, credentialing 
bodies, eligible entities, industry associations, or 
any potential program participant in the na-
tional apprenticeship system in the State for the 
purposes of recruitment, retention, program de-
velopment, expansion, or implementation, in-
cluding supporting remote or virtual learning or 
training, as necessary; 
‘‘(B) sponsors of programs registered in the 
State, including sponsors that are not meeting 
performance goals under subtitle C, for purposes 
of assisting sponsors in meeting or exceeding 
such goals; and 
‘‘(C) sponsors of programs registered in that 
State for purposes of assisting such sponsors in 
achieving State goals in diversity and equal op-
portunity in apprenticeships in accordance with 
paragraph (5). 
‘‘(4) RECIPROCITY.—Each State plan shall de-
scribe how the State apprenticeship agency, in 
the case of a program recognized by a registra-
tion agency in another State, shall recognize 
such program in the State of such agency for 
purposes of this Act by not later than 30 days 
after receipt of an application for such recogni-
tion from a program sponsor, as long as such 
program meets the wage and hour provisions of 
the State granting reciprocity. 
‘‘(5) PROMOTING DIVERSITY IN THE NATIONAL 
APPRENTICESHIP SYSTEM.—Each State plan shall 
include a plan for how the State apprenticeship 
agency will— 
‘‘(A) promote diversity in apprenticeable occu-
pations offered throughout the State, and a de-
scription of how such agency will promote the 
addition of apprenticeable occupations in high- 
skill, high-wage, or in-demand industry sectors 
and occupations, and in nontraditional appren-
ticeship occupations and sectors; and 
‘‘(B) promote diversity and equal opportunity 
in programs under the national apprenticeship 
system by uniformly adopting and implementing 
the requirements of subparagraphs (B) and (C) 
of section 111(b)(7). 
‘‘(6) COMPLAINTS.— 
‘‘(A) IN
GENERAL.—Subject to subparagraph 
(B), each State plan shall include a description 
of the system for the State apprenticeship agen-
cy to receive and resolve complaints submitted 
by program participants, the program partici-
pant’s authorized representative, sponsors, em-
ployers, or nonprofit compliance organizations, 
such as complaints concerning equal employ-
ment opportunity or discrimination, violations 
of the apprenticeship agreement, or violations of 
requirements under this Act. 
‘‘(B) COLLECTIVE BARGAINING AGREEMENTS.— 
Any controversy arising under an apprentice-
ship agreement which is covered by a collective 
bargaining agreement shall not be subject to the 
system described in subparagraph (A), except 
that complaints concerning discrimination or 
any matters described in subparagraph (5)(B) 
shall be subject to such system. 
‘‘(7) STATE APPRENTICESHIP HUBS.—Each State 
plan shall describe how the State will support, 
in a manner that takes into consideration geo-
graphic diversity, the creation and implementa-
tion of apprenticeship hubs throughout the 
State that shall work with industry and sector 
partnerships to expand programs under the na-
tional 
apprenticeship 
system, 
and 
apprenticeable occupations, in the State. 
‘‘(8) STATE
APPRENTICESHIP
PERFORMANCE 
OUTCOMES.—Each State plan shall— 
‘‘(A) in coordination with the Administrator, 
establish annual State performance goals for the 
programs registered by the State apprenticeship 
agency for the indicators described— 
‘‘(i) in subparagraph (A) of section 131(b)(1); 
and 
‘‘(ii) in subparagraph (B)(ii) of section 
131(b)(1); and 
‘‘(B) describe how the State apprenticeship 
agency will collect performance data from pro-
grams registered by the agency; and 
‘‘(C) annually report on the outcomes of each 
such program in relation to the State established 
goals under subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(9) USES OF FUNDS.—Each State plan shall 
include a description of the uses described in 
subsection (d) of the allotment received by the 
State apprenticeship agency under subsection 
(f). 
‘‘(10) ALIGNMENT OF WORKFORCE ACTIVITIES.— 
Each State plan shall include a summary of 
State-supported workforce development activi-
ties (including education and training) in the 
State, including— 
‘‘(A) a summary of the apprenticeship pro-
grams on the list of eligible providers of training 
services under section 122(d) of the Workforce 
Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 
3152(d)); 
‘‘(B) the degree to which the programs under 
the national apprenticeship system in the State 
are aligned with and address the skill needs of 
the employers in the State identified by the 
State workforce development board; and 
‘‘(C) a description of how apprenticeship pro-
grams will receive expedited consideration to be 
included on the list of eligible providers of train-
ing services under section 122(d) of the Work-
force Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 
U.S.C. 3152(d)). 
‘‘(11) STATE
STRATEGIC
VISION.—Each State 
plan shall include a summary of the State’s 
strategic vision and set of goals for preparing an 
educated and skilled workforce and for meeting 
the skilled workforce needs of employers, includ-
ing in existing and emerging in-demand indus-
try sectors and occupations as identified by the 
State, and how the programs registered by the 
State apprenticeship agency in the State will 
help to meet such goals. 
‘‘(12) STRATEGY
FOR
ANY
JOINT
PLANNING, 
ALIGNMENT, COORDINATION, AND LEVERAGING OF 
FUNDS.—Each State plan shall provide a de-
scription of the State apprenticeship agency’s 
strategy for joint planning, alignment, coordi-
nation, and leveraging of funds— 
‘‘(A) with the State’s workforce development 
system, to achieve the strategic vision and goals 
described in paragraph (11), including the core 
programs defined in section 3 of the Workforce 
Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 
3102) and the elements related to system align-
ment under section 102(b)(2)(B) of such Act (29 
U.S.C. 3112(b)(2)(B)); 
‘‘(B) for programs under the national appren-
ticeship system in the State with other Federal 
education 
programs, 
including 
programs 
under— 
‘‘(i) the Elementary and Secondary Education 
Act of 1965; 
‘‘(ii) the Individuals with Disabilities Edu-
cation Act; 
‘‘(iii) the Carl D. Perkins Career and Tech-
nical Education Act of 2006; and 
‘‘(iv) the Higher Education Act of 1965; and 
‘‘(C) to provide information about access to 
available State assistance or assistance under 
related Federal programs, including such assist-
ance under— 
‘‘(i) section 6(d) of the Food and Nutrition Act 
of 2008; 
‘‘(ii) subsection (c)(1) of section 3672 of title 
38, United States Code; 
‘‘(iii) section 231 of the Second Chance Act of 
2007 (34 U.S.C. 60541); and 
‘‘(iv) the State Temporary Assistance for 
Needy Families programs under part A of title 
IV of the Social Security Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00008
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.008
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 7-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H399 
February 5, 2021 
‘‘(13) STATE APPRENTICESHIP COUNCIL.—Each 
State plan shall provide for a description of the 
composition, roles, and responsibility of the 
State apprenticeship council, and how the 
Council will comply with the requirements of 
subsection (b)(3). 
‘‘(d) STATE APPRENTICESHIP AGENCY FUND-
ING.—A State apprenticeship agency shall use 
funds received under clauses (i) and (ii) of sub-
section (f)(1)(A) according to the following re-
quirements: 
‘‘(1) PROGRAM
ADMINISTRATION.—The State 
apprenticeship agency shall use such funds to 
support the administration of programs under 
the national apprenticeship system across the 
State, including for— 
‘‘(A) staff and resources; 
‘‘(B) oversight and evaluation as required 
under this Act; 
‘‘(C) technical assistance to program sponsors, 
program participants, employers, labor organi-
zations, joint labor-management organizations, 
education and training providers, and qualified 
intermediaries; 
‘‘(D) pre-apprenticeship, youth, and appren-
ticeship program recruitment and development, 
including for— 
‘‘(i) engaging potential providers of such pro-
grams such as employers, qualified inter-
mediaries, related instruction providers, and po-
tential program participants; 
‘‘(ii) publicizing apprenticeship opportunities 
and benefits; and 
‘‘(iii) engaging State workforce and education 
systems for collaboration and alignment across 
systems; 
‘‘(E) supporting the enrollment and appren-
ticeship certification requirements to allow vet-
erans and other individuals eligible for the edu-
cational assistance programs under chapters 30 
through 36 of title 38, United States Code, and 
any related educational assistance programs 
under laws administered by the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs, to use such assistance for the 
apprenticeship program, including the require-
ment of designating a certifying official; and 
‘‘(F) supporting the retention and completion 
of program participants in such programs, such 
as by assisting with the costs— 
‘‘(i) related to enrolling in such programs; or 
‘‘(ii) of assessments related to obtaining a rec-
ognized postsecondary credential. 
‘‘(2) EDUCATIONAL ALIGNMENT.—The State ap-
prenticeship agency shall use not less than 10 
percent of such funds to engage with the State 
education system to provide technical assistance 
and best practices regarding— 
‘‘(A) alignment of youth apprenticeship pro-
grams with the secondary education programs 
in the State, including support for career explo-
ration, career pathways, education and career 
planning, and engagement with youth appren-
ticeship programs for teachers, career guidance 
and academic counselors, school leaders, admin-
istrators, and specialized instructional support 
personnel and paraprofessionals; 
‘‘(B) alignment of related instruction provided 
under the national apprenticeship system in the 
State with academic credit granting postsec-
ondary programs (including developing career 
pathways, articulation agreements, and prior 
learning assessments); and 
‘‘(C) the joint planning, alignment, coordina-
tion, and leveraging of funds described in sub-
paragraphs (B) and (C) of subsection (c)(12). 
‘‘(3) WORKFORCE ALIGNMENT.—The State ap-
prenticeship agency shall use not less than 10 
percent of such funds to engage with the State 
workforce development system to provide tech-
nical assistance and best practices regarding— 
‘‘(A) alignment with the State’s workforce ac-
tivities and strategic vision in accordance with 
paragraphs (10), (11), and subparagraphs (A) 
and (C) of paragraph (12) of subsection (c); 
‘‘(B) guidance for training staff of the work-
force development system, including the voca-
tional rehabilitation agencies, within the State 
on the value of programs under the national ap-
prenticeship system as a work-based learning 
option for participants, including participants 
of programs authorized under the Workforce In-
novation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3101 et 
seq.) such as Job Corps under subtitle C of title 
I of such Act and YouthBuild under section 171 
of such Act; 
‘‘(C) providing a list of programs under the 
national apprenticeship system that are offered 
in the State, including in the State’s high-skill, 
high-wage, or in-demand industry sectors or oc-
cupations; 
‘‘(D) alignment of funding received and re-
porting required under this Act, including rel-
evant placement, retention, and earnings infor-
mation, with the Workforce Innovation and Op-
portunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3101 et seq.), and tech-
nical assistance in how individual training ac-
counts under section 134(c)(3) of such Act could 
be used to pay for the costs of enrolling and 
participating in programs under the national 
apprenticeship system; 
‘‘(E) partnerships with State or local work-
force development boards, State workforce agen-
cies, and one-stop centers and one-stop opera-
tors that assist program participants in access-
ing supportive services to support— 
‘‘(i) the recruitment, retention, and comple-
tion of programs under the national apprentice-
ship system; 
‘‘(ii) transitions from youth apprenticeships 
and pre-apprenticeships to apprenticeship pro-
grams; and 
‘‘(iii) the placement into employment or fur-
ther education upon program completion; and 
‘‘(F) expanding the list of eligible providers of 
training services under section 122(d) of the 
Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act to 
include programs under the national appren-
ticeship system in the State (29 U.S.C. 3152(d)). 
‘‘(4) LEADERSHIP ACTIVITIES.— 
‘‘(A) IN
GENERAL.—A State apprenticeship 
agency may reserve not more than 15 percent of 
the funds received under subsection (f) in sup-
port of State apprenticeship initiatives described 
in this paragraph. 
‘‘(B) DIVERSITY.—Not less than 5 percent of 
the amount reserved under subparagraph (A) 
shall be used by the State apprenticeship agency 
for supporting and expanding diversity in 
apprenticeable occupations under the national 
apprenticeship system in the State and program 
participant populations in the State. 
‘‘(C) INCENTIVES
FOR
EMPLOYERS.—A State 
apprenticeship agency may use funds reserved 
under subparagraph (A) to incentivize employ-
ers to participate in programs under the na-
tional apprenticeship system, such as costs re-
lated to program development, staffing for men-
tors and supervisors, related instruction, or the 
creation of industry or sector partnerships to 
support employer participation. 
‘‘(D) STATE-SPECIFIC INITIATIVES.—A State ap-
prenticeship agency may use funds reserved 
under subparagraph (A) for State-specific ini-
tiatives, such as the development or expansion 
of youth apprenticeship programs or apprentice-
ship programs in high-skill, high-wage, or in-de-
mand industry sectors and occupations. 
‘‘(5) STATE
MATCH
FOR
FEDERAL
INVEST-
MENT.— 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—Except in the case of ex-
ceptional circumstances, as determined by the 
Administrator, in order to receive a full allot-
ment under subsection (f), a State apprentice-
ship agency shall use matching funds from non- 
Federal resources to carry out the activities of 
the agency under this Act in an amount not less 
than 25 percent of such allotment. 
‘‘(B) TRANSITION
PERIOD.—The requirement 
under this paragraph shall take effect with re-
spect to a State apprenticeship agency on the 
date that is 1 day after the date on which the 
transition period for such agency under sub-
section (a)(3)(C)(ii) ends. 
‘‘(e) DERECOGNITION
OF STATE APPRENTICE-
SHIP AGENCIES.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary may with-
draw recognition of a State apprenticeship 
agency before the end of the agency’s 4-year 
recognition period under subsection (a)(2)(B) if 
the Secretary determines, after notice and an 
opportunity for a hearing, that the State ap-
prenticeship agency has failed for one of the 
reasons described in paragraph (2), and has not 
been in compliance with the performance im-
provement plan under paragraph (3) to remedy 
such failure. 
‘‘(2) DERECOGNITION CRITERIA.—The recogni-
tion of a State apprenticeship agency under this 
section may be withdrawn under paragraph (1) 
in a case in which the State apprenticeship 
agency fails to— 
‘‘(A) adopt or properly enforce a State plan; 
‘‘(B) properly carry out its role as the sole reg-
istration agency in the State; 
‘‘(C) submit a report under section 131(b)(1)(B) 
for any program year; 
‘‘(D) meet the State levels of performance as 
described in subsection (c)(8)(A) or demonstrate 
improvements in performance for 3 consecutive 
program years; or 
‘‘(E) otherwise fulfill or operate in compliance 
with the requirements of this Act. 
‘‘(3) DERECOGNITION PROCESS.— 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—If a State apprenticeship 
agency fails for any of the reasons described in 
paragraph (2), the Secretary shall provide tech-
nical assistance to such agency for corrective 
action to remedy such failure, including assist-
ance in the development of a performance im-
provement plan. 
‘‘(B) REDUCTION
OF
FUNDS.—Except in the 
case of exceptional circumstances as determined 
by the Administrator, in a case in which such a 
State apprenticeship agency continues such fail-
ure after the provision of the technical assist-
ance under subparagraph (A)— 
‘‘(i) the percentage of the funds to be allotted 
to the State apprenticeship agency under sub-
section (f) for each fiscal year following the fis-
cal year in which such failure has been identi-
fied shall be reduced by 5 percentage points; and 
‘‘(ii) the Administrator shall provide notice to 
the State apprenticeship agency that the agen-
cy’s recognition under this section may be with-
drawn if the agency fails to remedy the failure. 
‘‘(C) TERMINATION
OF
PROCEEDINGS.—If the 
Administrator determines that the State appren-
ticeship agency’s corrective action under sub-
paragraph (A) has addressed the agency’s fail-
ure identified under paragraph (2), the Adminis-
trator shall— 
‘‘(i) restore the agency’s full funding alloca-
tion under this title for the next full fiscal year; 
and 
‘‘(ii) notify the State apprenticeship agency 
that the agency’s recognition will not be with-
drawn under this section for the reason for 
which the agency’s funding under this title was 
most recently reduced. 
‘‘(D) OPPORTUNITY FOR HEARING.— 
‘‘(i) IN GENERAL.—In a case in which a State 
apprenticeship agency fails to remedy a failure 
identified under paragraph (2), the Adminis-
trator shall— 
‘‘(I) notify, in writing, the State apprentice-
ship agency of the failure of the State appren-
ticeship agency, including a description of such 
failure and an explanation that the agency’s 
recognition under this section may be with-
drawn as a result of such failure; and 
‘‘(II) offer the State apprenticeship agency an 
opportunity to request a hearing not later than 
30 days after the date of such notice. 
‘‘(ii) REFERRAL TO OFFICE OF ADMINISTRATIVE 
LAW JUDGES.—In a case in which the State ap-
prenticeship agency requests a hearing under 
clause (i)(II), the Administrator shall refer the 
matter to the Office of Administrative Law 
Judges for a recommended decision by the Ad-
ministrative Review Board for final agency ac-
tion. 
‘‘(4) REQUIREMENTS
REGARDING
WITHDRAWAL 
OF RECOGNITION.— 
‘‘(A) OFFICE OF APPRENTICESHIP.— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00009
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.008
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 8-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H400 
February 5, 2021 
‘‘(i) PRIOR
TO
ORDER.—Prior to the with-
drawal of the recognition of a State apprentice-
ship agency under this section, the Adminis-
trator shall— 
‘‘(I) provide to the State apprenticeship agen-
cy an order withdrawing recognition of such 
agency under this section; and 
‘‘(II) establish a State Office of Apprentice-
ship; and 
‘‘(ii) AFTER ORDER.—Not later than 30 days 
after the date of such order, provide notification 
of the withdrawal to the sponsors of the pro-
grams under the national apprenticeship system 
in such State that were registered with the State 
apprenticeship agency to enable each such 
sponsor to be registered with the Administrator 
(acting through the State Office of Apprentice-
ship established under clause (i)(II)). 
‘‘(B) STATE APPRENTICESHIP AGENCY REQUIRE-
MENTS.—A State agency whose recognition as a 
State apprenticeship agency under this section 
has been withdrawn under paragraph (3) 
shall— 
‘‘(i) provide to the Administrator program 
standards, apprenticeship agreements, comple-
tion 
records, 
cancellation 
and 
suspension 
records, performance metrics, and any other 
documents relating to the State’s programs 
under the national apprenticeship system in the 
State; 
‘‘(ii) cooperate fully during the transition pe-
riod beginning on the date of the order with-
drawing such recognition and ending on the 
date on which the Administrator establishes a 
State Office of Apprenticeship in the State; and 
‘‘(iii) return any unused funds received under 
this Act. 
‘‘(5) 
REINSTATEMENT
OF
RECOGNITION.—A 
State apprenticeship agency that has had its 
recognition withdrawn under this section may 
have such recognition reinstated upon presen-
tation of adequate evidence that the State ap-
prenticeship agency has— 
‘‘(A) submitted an application under sub-
section (a)(2); and 
‘‘(B) demonstrated the ability to operate in 
compliance with the requirements of this Act. 
‘‘(f) RESERVATION AND STATE ALLOTMENTS.— 
‘‘(1) STATE ALLOTMENTS.— 
‘‘(A) IN
GENERAL.—Of the amount appro-
priated under subsection (g) for a fiscal year— 
‘‘(i) 33 1⁄3 percent shall be equally distributed 
among each State Office of Apprenticeship, out-
lying area, and eligible State; and 
‘‘(ii) 66 2⁄3 percent shall be allotted to eligible 
States on the basis described in subparagraph 
(B). 
‘‘(B) FORMULA.— 
‘‘(i) IN
GENERAL.—Of the amount available 
under subparagraph (A)(ii)— 
‘‘(I) 25 percent shall be allotted on the basis of 
the relative share of program participants in 
each eligible State, as determined on the basis of 
the most recent satisfactory data available from 
the Administrator, compared to the total number 
of program participants in all eligible States, as 
determined on such basis; 
‘‘(II) 25 percent shall be allotted on the basis 
of the relative share of program participants 
who have completed a program under the na-
tional apprenticeship system in each eligible 
State during the most recent 5-year period, as 
determined on the basis of the most recent satis-
factory data available from the Administrator, 
compared to the total 5-year average of program 
participants who have completed a program in 
all eligible States, as determined on such basis; 
and 
‘‘(III) 50 percent shall be allotted on the basis 
described in clause (ii). 
‘‘(ii) ALLOTMENTS
BASED
ON
BLS
AND
ACS 
DATA.—Of the amount available under clause 
(i)(III)— 
‘‘(I) 331⁄3 percent shall be allotted on the basis 
of the relative share of individuals in the civil-
ian labor force in each eligible State, compared 
to the total number of individuals in the civilian 
labor force in all eligible States; 
‘‘(II) 331⁄3 percent shall be allotted on the basis 
of the relative share of individuals living below 
the poverty line in each eligible State, compared 
to the total number of individuals living below 
the poverty line in all eligible States; and 
‘‘(III) 331⁄3 percent shall be allotted on the 
basis of the relative number of unemployed indi-
viduals in each eligible State, compared to the 
total number of unemployed individuals in all 
eligible States. 
‘‘(2) DEFINITIONS.—In this subsection— 
‘‘(A) ELIGIBLE
STATE.—The term ‘eligible 
State’ means a State (as defined in section 2) 
that has a State apprenticeship agency. 
‘‘(B) POVERTY LINE.—The term ‘poverty line’ 
has the meaning given such term in section 3 of 
the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act 
(29 U.S.C. 3102). 
‘‘(C) UNEMPLOYED
INDIVIDUAL.—The term 
‘unemployed individual’ has the meaning given 
such term in section 3 of the Workforce Innova-
tion and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102). 
‘‘(g) AUTHORIZATION
OF
APPROPRIATIONS.— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry 
out this section— 
‘‘(1) $75,000,000 for fiscal year 2022; 
‘‘(2) $85,000,000 for fiscal year 2023; 
‘‘(3) $95,000,000 for fiscal year 2024; 
‘‘(4) $105,000,000 for fiscal year 2025; and 
‘‘(5) $115,000,000 for fiscal year 2026. 
‘‘SEC. 114. INTERAGENCY AGREEMENT WITH DE-
PARTMENT OF EDUCATION. 
‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 1 year after 
the effective date of the National Apprenticeship 
Act of 2021, in order to cooperate with the Sec-
retary of Education and promote awareness and 
adoption of apprenticeship programs, the Sec-
retary 
(acting 
through 
the 
Administrator) 
shall— 
‘‘(1) enter into an interagency agreement with 
the Secretary of Education to promote and sup-
port integration and alignment of programs 
under the national apprenticeship system with 
secondary, postsecondary, and adult education, 
through the activities described in this section; 
and 
‘‘(2) submit to the Committee on Education 
and Labor of the House of Representatives and 
the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions of Senate, such agreement and 
any modifications to such agreement. 
‘‘(b) ALIGNMENT
FOR
YOUTH
APPRENTICE-
SHIPS.—In order to promote alignment between 
youth apprenticeship programs and high school 
graduation requirements, the interagency agree-
ment under subsection (a) shall describe how 
the Secretaries will work to provide— 
‘‘(1) information and resources to— 
‘‘(A) parents and students to promote a better 
understanding of programs under the national 
apprenticeship system and their value in sec-
ondary and postsecondary education and career 
pathways by not later than middle school; and 
‘‘(B) school leaders (working with academic 
counselors, teachers, and faculty) about the 
value of such programs and information on how 
to effectively align youth apprenticeship pro-
grams with secondary and career and technical 
education programs; and 
‘‘(2) technical assistance on how to— 
‘‘(A) 
align 
related 
instruction 
and 
apprenticeable 
occupation 
skills 
and 
com-
petencies to high school graduation require-
ments; 
‘‘(B) offer related instruction through dual 
and concurrent enrollment programs and other 
accelerated learning programs, as described in 
section 4104(b)(3)(A)(i)(IV) of the Elementary 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 
7114(b)(3)(A)(i)(IV)); 
‘‘(C) facilitate transitions for youth appren-
tices who have completed their youth appren-
ticeships into further education, including an 
associate, baccalaureate, or advanced degree, 
and related apprenticeship opportunities; and 
‘‘(D) align activities carried out under this 
Act with eligible funding from, and planning 
processes for, the Carl D. Perkins Career and 
Technical Education Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2301 
et seq.), the Elementary and Secondary Edu-
cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.), the 
Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 
U.S.C. 1400 et seq.), the Rehabilitation Act of 
1973, and the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 
U.S.C. 1001 et seq.). 
‘‘(c) APPRENTICESHIP COLLEGE CONSORTIUM.— 
In order to support the establishment of a col-
lege consortium of postsecondary educational 
institutions, including minority serving institu-
tions, related instruction providers, sponsors, 
qualified intermediaries, employers, labor orga-
nizations, and joint labor-management organi-
zations for the purposes of promoting stronger 
connections between programs under the na-
tional apprenticeship system and participating 
2- and 4-year postsecondary educational institu-
tions, the interagency agreement under sub-
section (a) shall include a description of how 
the Secretaries will— 
‘‘(1) support data sharing systems that align 
education records and records of programs 
under the national apprenticeship system re-
garding whether program participants who re-
ceive financial aid under title IV of the Higher 
Education Act of 1965 enroll in, or complete, 
postsecondary coursework while participating in 
a program under such system; 
‘‘(2) provide guidance on how to align eligible 
funding from, planning processes for, and the 
requirements of the Carl D. Perkins Career and 
Technical Education Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2301 
et seq.), the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, and the 
Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001 et 
seq.) with this Act; 
‘‘(3) require all participants of the apprentice-
ship college consortium to enter into agreements 
to— 
‘‘(A) have an articulation agreement with a 
participating sponsor of an apprenticeship pro-
gram, which may include a 2- or 4-year postsec-
ondary educational institution; 
‘‘(B) create or expand the awarding and ar-
ticulation of academic credit for related instruc-
tion completed and credentials awarded to pro-
gram participants as part of a program under 
the national apprenticeship system; and 
‘‘(C) support the creation or expansion of elec-
tronic transcripts for apprenticeship programs 
and all academic content, including related in-
struction and on-the-job training; 
‘‘(4) provide technical assistance on eligible 
uses of financial aid, including the Federal 
work study program under part C of title IV of 
the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 
1087–51 et seq.), for related instruction for pro-
grams under the national apprenticeship sys-
tem; 
‘‘(5) provide to consortium participants or po-
tential participants information regarding— 
‘‘(A) a list of apprenticeship programs in re-
lated occupations offered in the State or avail-
able under the Office of Apprenticeship that 
may become part of the consortium; 
‘‘(B) information on how to develop an ap-
prenticeship program; 
‘‘(C) information on Federal, State, and local 
financial resources available to assist with the 
establishment and implementation of appren-
ticeship programs; and 
‘‘(D) information on related qualified inter-
mediaries or industry or sector partnerships sup-
porting apprenticeship programs, as applicable; 
and 
‘‘(6) support information regarding the ap-
prenticeship consortium being made available on 
a publicly accessible website, including— 
‘‘(A) a list of participating members of the 
consortium, apprenticeship programs provided, 
credentials awarded with each program, and 
available apprenticeable occupations; and 
‘‘(B) models of articulation agreements, prior 
learning assessments, and competency-based 
curriculum for related instruction for illus-
trative purposes. 
‘‘(d) BEST PRACTICE DEVELOPMENT AND SHAR-
ING.— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00010
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.008
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 9-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H401 
February 5, 2021 
‘‘(1) DISSEMINATION.—Such interagency agree-
ment shall require that the Secretaries dissemi-
nate information on the value of programs 
under the national apprenticeship system, in-
cluding relevant placement, retention, and earn-
ings information, labor market data from the 
local area, and sector forecasts to determine 
high-skill, high-wage, or in-demand industry 
sectors or occupations of such programs, to local 
education and training providers, labor organi-
zations, or joint labor-management organiza-
tions (including those representing teachers). 
‘‘(2) CLEARINGHOUSE.—Such agreement shall 
require the Secretaries to create a clearinghouse 
of best practices— 
‘‘(A) for improving performance and increas-
ing alignment of education and programs under 
the national apprenticeship system, including 
career pathways; and 
‘‘(B) publicly disseminate information and re-
sources on— 
‘‘(i) replicable related instruction and on-the- 
job learning; and 
‘‘(ii) how to build an understanding of ap-
prenticeship opportunities available to students. 
‘‘(e) DATA SHARING AGREEMENT.—The Secre-
taries shall disseminate best practices for the 
alignment of education records and records of 
programs under the national apprenticeship sys-
tem, including information on program partici-
pants who enroll in, complete, and receive aca-
demic credit for postsecondary coursework while 
participating in such a program. 
‘‘(f) SECRETARIES DEFINED.—In this section, 
the term ‘Secretaries’ means the Secretary of 
Labor and the Secretary of Education. 
‘‘Subtitle B—Process and Standards for the 
National Apprenticeship System 
‘‘SEC. 
121. 
APPRENTICEABLE 
OCCUPATIONS 
STANDARDS. 
‘‘For an occupation to be an apprenticeable 
occupation under this Act, a person seeking ap-
proval 
for 
such 
occupation 
to 
be 
an 
apprenticeable occupation shall submit an ap-
plication to the Administrator that demonstrates 
that such apprenticeable occupation is in-de-
mand and will prepare individuals for the full 
range of skills and competencies needed for such 
occupation 
by 
describing 
how 
such 
apprenticeable occupation shall— 
‘‘(1) meet the industry-recognized occupa-
tional standards under section 111(b)(5)(C); or 
‘‘(2) involve the progressive attainment of 
skills, competencies, and knowledge that are— 
‘‘(A) clearly identified and commonly recog-
nized throughout the relevant industry or occu-
pation; 
‘‘(B) customarily learned or enhanced in a 
practical way through a structured, systematic 
program of on-the-job supervised learning and 
related instruction to supplement such learning; 
and 
‘‘(C) offered through a time-based, com-
petency-based, or hybrid model as described in 
section 122(b)(1)(E). 
‘‘SEC. 122. QUALITY STANDARDS OF PROGRAMS 
UNDER THE NATIONAL APPRENTICE-
SHIP SYSTEM. 
‘‘(a) IN
GENERAL.—The Secretary, acting 
through the Administrator, shall formulate and 
promote the furtherance of quality standards 
necessary to safeguard the welfare of appren-
tices, pre-apprentices, and youth apprentices. 
‘‘(b) APPRENTICESHIP PROGRAM STANDARDS.— 
In addition to the standards described in sub-
section (e), an apprenticeship program shall 
meet the following standards: 
‘‘(1) The program has an organized and clear-
ly written plan, developed by the sponsor, that 
includes, at a minimum, the following informa-
tion: 
‘‘(A) The employment and training to be re-
ceived by each apprentice participating in the 
program, including— 
‘‘(i) an outline of the work processes or the 
plan in which the apprentice will receive super-
vised work experience, on-the-job training, and 
on-the-job learning; 
‘‘(ii) the allocation of the approximate amount 
of time that will be spent in each major work 
process by the apprentice; 
‘‘(iii) a description of the mentoring that will 
be provided to the apprentice; and 
‘‘(iv) a description or timeline explaining the 
periodic reviews and evaluations of the appren-
tice’s performance on the job and in related in-
struction. 
‘‘(B) A process for maintaining appropriate 
progress records, including the reviews and 
evaluations described in subparagraph (A)(iv). 
‘‘(C) A description of the organized related in-
struction the apprentice will receive in technical 
subjects related to the occupation, which— 
‘‘(i) for time-based or hybrid apprenticeship 
programs as described in paragraph (E), shall 
include not less than 144 hours for each year of 
apprenticeship, unless an alternative require-
ment is put forth by the employer and sponsor 
that reflects industry standards and is accepted 
by the registration agency; 
‘‘(ii) may be accomplished through classroom 
instruction, occupational or industry courses, 
instruction provided through electronic media, 
or other instruction approved by the registration 
agency; 
‘‘(iii) shall be provided by one or more quali-
fied instructors that— 
‘‘(I)(aa) meet technical instructor require-
ments of the applicable education agency in the 
State of registration; or 
‘‘(bb) are subject matter experts, defined for 
purposes of this subparagraph as individuals 
recognized within an industry as having exper-
tise in a specific occupation; and 
‘‘(II) have training in teaching techniques 
and learning styles, or will obtain such training 
before providing the related technical instruc-
tion; 
‘‘(iv) where appropriate and to the extent 
practicable, shall be aligned to a career path-
way; and 
‘‘(v) where appropriate and to the extent 
practicable, incorporate the principles of uni-
versal design for learning under section 103 of 
the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 
1003). 
‘‘(D) A progressively increasing, clearly de-
fined schedule of wages to be paid to the ap-
prentice that is— 
‘‘(i) consistent with measurable skill gains; 
and 
‘‘(ii) ensures the entry wage is not less than 
the greater of— 
‘‘(I) the minimum wage required under section 
6(a) of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 
U.S.C. 206(a)); or 
‘‘(II) the applicable wage required by other 
applicable Federal or State laws (including reg-
ulations) or collective bargaining agreements. 
‘‘(E) The term of the apprenticeship program, 
which may be measured using— 
‘‘(i) a time-based model, which requires the 
completion of the industry standard for on-the- 
job learning hours, which in no case shall be 
less than a cumulative 2,000 hours, unless an al-
ternative requirement is put forth by the em-
ployer and sponsor from a nontraditional ap-
prenticeship industry or occupation as of the 
date of the enactment of the National Appren-
ticeship Act of 2021 that reflects industry stand-
ards and the relative hazards of the occupation, 
and is accepted by the Secretary and registra-
tion agency; 
‘‘(ii) a competency-based model, which re-
quires the attainment of competency in the oc-
cupation; or 
‘‘(iii) a hybrid model, which blends the time- 
based and competency-based approaches. 
‘‘(F) The methods used to measure an appren-
tice’s skills and competencies, which may in-
clude an initial diagnostic assessment or assess-
ment of credentials that verify an individual’s 
foundational knowledge and skills that would 
be needed to succeed in an apprenticeship pro-
gram, and which shall include— 
‘‘(i) in the case of a time-based apprenticeship 
described in subparagraph (E)(i), the individual 
apprentice’s completion of the required hours of 
on-the-job learning as described in a work proc-
ess schedule; or 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a competency-based model 
described in subparagraph (E)(ii), the individual 
apprentice’s successful demonstration of ac-
quired skills and knowledge through appro-
priate means of testing and evaluation for such 
competencies, and by requiring apprentices to 
complete a paid on-the-job learning component 
of the apprenticeship; 
‘‘(iii) in the case of a hybrid apprenticeship 
described in subparagraph (E)(iii), a combina-
tion of a specified minimum number of hours of 
on-the-job learning and the successful dem-
onstration of competency, as described in sub-
paragraph (E)(i) and a work process schedule. 
‘‘(2) The program equally grants advanced 
standing or credit to all individuals applying for 
the apprenticeship with demonstrated com-
petency or acquired experience, training, or 
skills, and provides commensurate wages for 
any progression in standing or credit so grant-
ed, including for veterans’ service-acquired 
skills and experiences. 
‘‘(3) The program has minimum qualifications 
for individuals desiring to enter the apprentice-
ship program, with an eligible starting age for 
an apprentice of not less than 16 years. 
‘‘(4) In the case of a program that chooses to 
issue an interim credential, the program— 
‘‘(A) clearly identifies each interim credential; 
‘‘(B) only issues an interim credential for rec-
ognized components of an apprenticeable occu-
pation and demonstrates how each interim cre-
dential specifically links to the knowledge, 
skills, and abilities associated with such compo-
nents; and 
‘‘(C) establishes the process for assessing an 
individual apprentice’s demonstration of com-
petency and measurable skill gains associated 
with the particular interim credential. 
‘‘(c) PRE-APPRENTICESHIP
PROGRAM
STAND-
ARDS.—In addition to the standards described in 
subsection (e), a pre-apprenticeship program 
shall meet the following standards: 
‘‘(1) The program is designed to assist individ-
uals who do not meet minimum qualifications 
for an apprenticeship program as described in 
subsection (b) and prepare them to enter and 
succeed in such an apprenticeship programs, in-
cluding by providing the skills and competency 
attainment needed to enter the apprenticeship 
program. 
‘‘(2) The program— 
‘‘(A) is carried out by a sponsor that has a 
written agreement with at least one sponsor of 
an apprenticeship program; 
‘‘(B) demonstrates the existence of an active, 
advisory partnership with an industry or sector 
partnership to inform the training and edu-
cation services necessary for a pre-apprentice-
ship program; 
‘‘(C) demonstrates evidence of sufficient de-
mand in an apprenticeship program at the com-
pletion of a pre-apprenticeship program to sup-
port a transition from a pre-apprenticeship to 
an apprenticeship; and 
‘‘(D) demonstrates partnerships with qualified 
intermediaries, community-based organizations, 
labor organizations, or joint labor-management 
organizations. 
‘‘(3) The program includes a written plan de-
veloped by the sponsor of the pre-apprenticeship 
program that is developed in consultation with 
the sponsor of the apprenticeship program de-
scribed in paragraph (2)(A), that— 
‘‘(A) provides for work-based learning, and 
paid work-based learning to the extent prac-
ticable, in which an industry or sector partner-
ship and a related instruction provider collabo-
rate to provide training that will introduce par-
ticipants to the skills, competencies, and mate-
rials used in one or more apprenticeable occupa-
tions; 
‘‘(B) is based on and aligned with national, 
State, regional, or local industry standards for 
high-skill, high-wage, or in-demand industry 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00011
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.008
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 10-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H402 
February 5, 2021 
sectors and occupations, and the requirements 
of the related apprenticeship program; 
‘‘(C) to the extent appropriate and prac-
ticable, meets the related instruction require-
ments as described in clauses (ii) through (iv) of 
subsection (b)(1)(C) that includes enabling an 
individual to attain a secondary school diploma 
or its recognized equivalent that enables a pre- 
apprentice to enter into an apprenticeship pro-
gram; and 
‘‘(D) includes mentoring, career exposure, ca-
reer planning, and career awareness activities. 
‘‘(d) YOUTH APPRENTICESHIP PROGRAM STAND-
ARDS.—In addition to the standards described in 
subsection (e), a youth apprenticeship program 
shall meet the following standards: 
‘‘(1) The program is designed for youth ap-
prentices who at the start of the program are 
enrolled in high school. 
‘‘(2) The program includes each of the fol-
lowing core elements: 
‘‘(A) The employment and training to be re-
ceived by each youth apprentice participating in 
the program, including— 
‘‘(i) an outline of the work processes or the 
plan in which the youth apprentice will receive 
supervised work experience and on-the-job 
training or in an experiential setting; 
‘‘(ii) the allocation of the approximate amount 
of time that will be spent in each major work 
process by the youth apprentice; 
‘‘(iii) a description of the mentoring that will 
be provided to the youth apprentice; and 
‘‘(iv) a description or timeline explaining the 
periodic reviews and evaluations of the youth 
apprentice’s performance on the job and in re-
lated instruction. 
‘‘(B) A process for maintaining appropriate 
progress records, including the reviews and 
evaluations described in subparagraph (A)(iv). 
‘‘(C) 
Related 
classroom-based 
instruction, 
which may be fulfilled through dual or concur-
rent enrollment, and— 
‘‘(i) is, to the extent practicable, aligned with 
high school diploma requirements and career 
clusters; and 
‘‘(ii) meets the additional requirements as de-
scribed in subsection (b)(1)(C). 
‘‘(D) A progressively increasing, clearly de-
fined schedule of wages to be paid to the youth 
apprentice. 
‘‘(E) The term of the youth apprenticeship 
program, as described in subsection (b)(1)(E). 
‘‘(F) For a competency-based or hybrid youth 
apprenticeship program, the methods used to 
measure skill acquisition for a youth apprentice, 
including ongoing assessment against estab-
lished skill and competency standards as de-
scribed in subsection (b)(1)(F). 
‘‘(G) Prepares the youth apprentice for place-
ment in further education, employment, or an 
apprenticeship program. 
‘‘(3) The program equally grants advanced 
standing or credit to all individuals applying for 
the youth apprenticeship with demonstrated 
competency or acquired experience, training, or 
skills. 
‘‘(4) In the case of a youth apprenticeship 
program that chooses to issue an interim creden-
tial, the program meets the requirements of sub-
section (b)(4). 
‘‘(e) GENERAL REQUIREMENTS.—Each program 
under the national apprenticeship system shall 
meet the following standards: 
‘‘(1) The program— 
‘‘(A) has adequate and safe equipment, envi-
ronments, and facilities for training and super-
vision; 
‘‘(B) provides safety training on-the-job and 
in related instruction as applicable by the 
apprenticeable occupation; and 
‘‘(C) provides adequate training for mentors 
and qualified instructors on providing a safe 
work and training environment. 
‘‘(2) The program records and maintains all 
records concerning the program as may be re-
quired by the Secretary, the registration agency 
of the program, or any other applicable law, in-
cluding records required under title 38, United 
States Code, in order for veterans and other in-
dividuals eligible for educational assistance 
under such title to use such assistance for en-
rollment in the program. 
‘‘(3) The program provides— 
‘‘(A) all individuals with an equal oppor-
tunity to participate in the program as described 
in subparagraphs (B) and (C) of section 
111(b)(7); and 
‘‘(B) materials that conform with accessibility 
standards under section 508 of the Rehabilita-
tion Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 794d), such as mate-
rials that conform with the most recent Web 
Content Accessibility Guidelines. 
‘‘(4) The program awards a certificate of com-
pletion in recognition of successful completion 
of the program, evidenced by an appropriate 
certificate issued by the registration agency, 
and in the case of apprenticeships and youth 
apprenticeships, prepares a program participant 
to obtain a recognized postsecondary credential. 
‘‘(5) The program provides that an individual 
who is to become a program participant under 
the program enters into a written apprenticeship 
agreement described in section 123 with the 
sponsor of the program. 
‘‘(6) The numeric ratio of program partici-
pants to supervisors (such as journeyworkers, 
mentors, or on-the-job learning instructors, as 
applicable) for the apprenticeable occupation, 
that are based on evidence-based and evidence- 
informed best practices for supervision, training, 
safety, and continuity of employment, through-
out the work processes of the program, job site, 
department, or plant, appropriate for the degree 
of hazard in different occupations, and con-
sistent with provisions in collective bargaining 
agreements, as applicable, except if such ratios 
are expressly prohibited by the collective bar-
gaining agreements. 
‘‘SEC. 123. APPRENTICESHIP AGREEMENTS. 
‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—To ensure the standards 
described in section 122 are applied to programs 
under the national apprenticeship system, the 
Administrator shall require a sponsor to develop 
an apprenticeship agreement that shall— 
‘‘(1) be the same for each program participant; 
‘‘(2) contain the names and signatures of the 
program participant and the sponsor; 
‘‘(3) meet the requirements of subsection (b); 
and 
‘‘(4) be submitted to the registration agency in 
accordance with section 124 by the program 
sponsor. 
‘‘(b) STANDARDS.—Each agreement under sub-
section (a) shall contain, explicitly or by ref-
erence, program standards under section 122, in-
cluding— 
‘‘(1) in the case of an apprenticeship pro-
gram— 
‘‘(A) that is time-based, a statement of the 
number of hours to be spent by the program par-
ticipant in on-the-job learning and on-the-job 
training in order to complete the program; 
‘‘(B) that is competency-based, a description 
of the skill sets to be attained by completion of 
the program, including the on-the-job learning 
and work components; or 
‘‘(C) that is a hybrid model, the minimum 
number of hours to be spent by the program par-
ticipant in on-the-job learning and work compo-
nents and in related instruction, and a descrip-
tion of the skill sets and competencies to be at-
tained by completion of the program; 
‘‘(2) the number of hours and form of related 
instruction, including how related instruction 
will be compensated (whether through academic 
credit, wages, or both), the costs the program 
participant will incur for participating in the 
program (such as for equipment, related instruc-
tion, or assessment or licensure fees), and the 
recognized postsecondary credentials the pro-
gram participants will be eligible to receive upon 
program completion; 
‘‘(3) a schedule of the work processes in the 
occupation or industry divisions in which the 
program participant is to be trained and the ap-
proximate time to be spent at each process; 
‘‘(4) for apprenticeships or youth apprentice-
ships, the graduated wage scale to be paid to 
the apprentices, benefits offered to the appren-
tices, and how the wages and benefits compare 
to State, local, or regional wages in the related 
occupation; and 
‘‘(5) demonstration of commitment to and com-
pliance with subparagraphs (B) and (C) of sec-
tion 111(b)(7). 
‘‘SEC. 124. REGISTRATION OF PROGRAMS UNDER 
THE 
NATIONAL 
APPRENTICESHIP 
SYSTEM. 
‘‘(a) PROGRAM REGISTRATION APPLICATION.— 
In order to bring together employers and labor 
for the formulation of programs under the na-
tional apprenticeship system, the Administrator 
shall provide for the registration of programs in 
which a sponsor applying to register a program 
under the national apprenticeship system shall 
request registration of such program from a reg-
istration agency by submitting the information 
required by the registration agency, including— 
‘‘(1) information demonstrating that each of 
the requirements of section 122 will be met for 
the program; 
‘‘(2) a copy of the apprenticeship agreement 
described in section 123 used by the sponsor; 
‘‘(3) a written assurance that, if the program 
is registered under this Act, the sponsor will ad-
minister the program in accordance with the re-
quirements of this Act and comply with the re-
quirements of the apprenticeship agreement for 
each apprentice; and 
‘‘(4) methods the program sponsor will use to 
report performance data describing outcomes as-
sociated with the program as required by the 
registration agency— 
‘‘(A) on an annual basis for any program 
sponsor with fewer than 5 program participants; 
or 
‘‘(B) on a quarterly basis for any program 
sponsor with 5 or more program participants. 
‘‘(b) RECOGNITION
AND REGISTRATION PROC-
ESS.— 
‘‘(1) REVIEW AND APPROVAL PROCESS.— 
‘‘(A) PROVISIONAL APPROVAL REVIEW.—An ap-
plication submitted under subsection (a) that 
the registration agency determines meets the re-
quirements described in such subsection shall be 
registered for a provisional 1-year period begin-
ning not later than 30 days after such applica-
tion is submitted. During such period, the reg-
istration agency shall accept and record the ap-
prenticeship agreement as evidence of the pro-
gram’s compliance and registration to operate 
such program. 
‘‘(B) FULL
APPROVAL
OR
EXTENDED
PROVI-
SIONAL APPROVAL.—By the end of a provisional 
registration period for a program, the registra-
tion agency providing provisional approval 
under subparagraph (A) shall review the pro-
gram for quality and for compliance with the 
applicable standards under this subtitle and all 
other applicable program requirements under 
this Act, and— 
‘‘(i) if a registration agency conducting a pro-
visional review determines that the program 
complies with the standards and requirements 
under this Act, the registration agency shall 
fully approve the registration of the program; or 
‘‘(ii) if a registration agency conducting a 
provisional review determines that the program 
is not conforming to the requirements or stand-
ards under this Act, the registration agency may 
continue the provisional registration of the pro-
gram through the first full training cycle for 
program participants, and conduct an addi-
tional provisional review at the conclusion of 
the training cycle. 
‘‘(C) FAILURE
TO
MEET
REQUIREMENTS.—If, 
after an initial provisional review under sub-
paragraph (A), a registration agency conducting 
such provisional review determines that the pro-
gram is not in operation or does not conform to 
the requirements under this Act, the registration 
agency shall recommend technical assistance 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00012
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.008
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 11-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H403 
February 5, 2021 
and corrective action for the program, or 
deregistration, in accordance with procedures 
established under subsections (b) and (c) of sec-
tion 131. 
‘‘(2) CERTIFICATE OF REGISTRATION.— 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—A registration agency that 
registers a program under paragraph (1) shall— 
‘‘(i) provide the sponsor of the program with 
a certificate of registration or other written evi-
dence of registration; and 
‘‘(ii) provide a copy of the certificate of reg-
istration to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs or 
the applicable State veterans agency for the 
purpose of aligning the registration process with 
the process for approving such program for eligi-
ble veterans’ use of supplemental educational 
assistance benefits. 
‘‘(B) REGISTRATION
NAME.—A program shall 
be registered in the name of the sponsor, or if a 
sponsor enters into a partnership with an em-
ployer who registers the program, in the name of 
the employer. 
‘‘(3) PROGRAM PARTICIPANT REGISTRATION.—A 
sponsor providing a program that is registered 
in accordance with paragraph (2) shall provide 
to an individual seeking to be a program partici-
pant the opportunity to apply through the spon-
sor, and shall— 
‘‘(A) enter into a written individual appren-
ticeship agreement described in section 123 with 
each such individual before the commencement 
of the program; and 
‘‘(B) individually register each program par-
ticipant with the registration agency by filing a 
copy of the individual apprenticeship agreement 
with the registration agency or as otherwise re-
quired by the registration agency, and sharing a 
copy with the Administrator as appropriate, as 
described under section 123(a)(4). 
‘‘(4) TRANSITION PROCESS FOR PREVIOUSLY AP-
PROVED PROGRAMS.—With respect to a program 
that was registered under this Act as of the day 
before the date of enactment of the National Ap-
prenticeship Act of 2021, the registration agency 
shall take such steps as necessary to— 
‘‘(A) in the case of a program that meets of 
the requirements of this Act, maintain the status 
of the sponsor of the program as of the date be-
fore such date of enactment as the sponsor of 
such program under this Act; and 
‘‘(B) in the case of a program that does not 
meet the requirements of this Act, provide tech-
nical assistance to the sponsor of such program 
to ensure that the sponsor is in compliance with 
this Act not later than 3 years after the date of 
enactment of the National Apprenticeship Act of 
2021. 
‘‘(c) MODIFICATIONS OR CHANGES TO YOUTH 
APPRENTICESHIP, PRE-APPRENTICESHIP, OR AP-
PRENTICESHIP PROGRAMS.— 
‘‘(1) SPONSOR
PROPOSAL.—Any sponsor that 
wishes to modify a program, including the pro-
gram’s method of meeting the standards re-
quired under this Act, shall submit the proposal 
for such change or modification to the registra-
tion agency for the program. 
‘‘(2) REGISTRATION AGENCY REQUIREMENTS.— 
‘‘(A) IN
GENERAL.—The registration agency 
shall determine whether to approve the proposal 
and notify the sponsor of the determination by 
not later than 60 days after receipt of the pro-
posal. 
‘‘(B) APPROVAL OF PROPOSAL.—If the proposal 
is approved, the registration agency shall amend 
the record of the program to reflect the modi-
fication or change, and provide the sponsor or 
program administrator with an acknowledgment 
of the amended program, by not later than 30 
days after the date of approval. 
‘‘(C) DISAPPROVAL OF PROPOSAL.—If the pro-
posal is not approved, the registration agency 
shall— 
‘‘(i) notify the sponsor of the reasons for the 
disapproval and provide the sponsor with tech-
nical assistance to maintain the program as 
originally registered; 
‘‘(ii) provide the sponsor with the opportunity 
to submit a revised modification proposal, in-
cluding providing appropriate technical assist-
ance to modify the proposal in order to meet the 
requirements of this Act; and 
‘‘(iii) in a case in which the sponsor submits 
a revised modification proposal, not later than 
60 days after receipt of such proposal— 
‘‘(I) approve the proposal; or 
‘‘(II) disapprove the proposal and provide the 
sponsor with technical assistance to maintain 
the program as originally registered. 
‘‘Subtitle C—Evaluations and Research 
‘‘SEC. 131. PROGRAM EVALUATIONS. 
‘‘(a) PURPOSE.—The purpose of this section is 
to provide program performance transparency 
across the programs under the national appren-
ticeship system, assess the effectiveness of States 
in achieving positive outcomes for program par-
ticipants served by those programs, and estab-
lish performance accountability measures re-
lated to program completion and key indicators 
of performance under the Workforce Innovation 
and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3101 et seq.). 
‘‘(b) REVIEWS BY REGISTRATION AGENCIES.— 
‘‘(1) PERFORMANCE REVIEWS.— 
‘‘(A) IN
GENERAL.—A registration agency 
shall— 
‘‘(i) annually collect performance data for 
each program registered under section 124 by 
such agency to determine— 
‘‘(I) the performance of the program with re-
spect to the indicators of performance under sec-
tion 116(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Workforce Innovation 
and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3141(b)(2)(A)(i) 
or in the case of a youth apprenticeship pro-
gram, section 116(b)(2)(A)(ii)) of such Act (29 
U.S.C. 3141(b)(2)(A)(ii)), as applied to programs 
under the national apprenticeship system; and 
‘‘(II) the completion rates of the program; and 
‘‘(ii) provide technical assistance for the col-
lection of the information under clause (i) of 
this subparagraph and subparagraph (B), as 
necessary. 
‘‘(B) REPORTS.—The registration agency for a 
State shall annually prepare and submit to the 
Administrator a State performance report that 
includes the following information with respect 
to each program registered under section 124 by 
such agency, including— 
‘‘(i) information specifying the levels of per-
formance described in subparagraph (A), as 
compared to goals set in section 113(c)(8)(A)(i); 
‘‘(ii) the percentage of program participants 
by race, sex ethnicity and, to the extent prac-
ticable, by individuals with disabilities, as com-
pared to such percentages within the working 
age population who are in the geographical 
area from which the sponsor usually seeks or 
reasonably could seek program participants and 
who meet the minimum eligibility requirements 
for entry into in the program; 
‘‘(iii) the percentage of program participants 
served by each of the programs that obtained 
unsubsidized employment in a field related to 
the apprenticeable occupation; 
‘‘(iv) the average time to completion for the 
program as compared to the description in the 
agreement under paragraphs (1) and (2) of sec-
tion 123(b); 
‘‘(v) the average cost per participant during 
the most recent program year and the 3 pre-
ceding program years; 
‘‘(vi) the percentage of program participants 
who received supportive services; 
‘‘(vii) information on the State’s activities re-
quired under section 113(c), including the 
State’s uses of funds; and 
‘‘(viii) the disaggregation of the performance 
data described in clauses (i) through (vi)— 
‘‘(I) by the program type (apprenticeship, 
youth apprenticeship, or pre-apprenticeship 
program) involved; and 
‘‘(II) by race, ethnicity, sex, age, and member-
ship in a population specified in section 3(24) of 
the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act 
(29 U.S.C. 3102(24)). 
‘‘(C) REPORTS TO CONGRESS.—Not later than 
60 days after receiving a report under subpara-
graph (B), the Secretary shall transmit to the 
Committee on Education and Labor of the 
House of Representatives and the Committee on 
Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the 
Senate. 
‘‘(D) PUBLICATION.—The Administrator shall 
annually make available on a publicly acces-
sible website each report received under sub-
paragraph (B) not later than 30 days after re-
ceipt of such report. 
‘‘(2) COMPREHENSIVE PROGRAM REVIEWS.— 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—A registration agency shall 
periodically review each program registered 
under section 124 by such agency for quality as-
surance and compliance with the requirements 
of this Act. 
‘‘(B) TIMING OF REVIEWS.—A review described 
in subparagraph (A) shall occur— 
‘‘(i) at the end of the first full training cycle 
of program participants under the program; and 
‘‘(ii) beginning after the review described in 
clause (i) at least once every 5 years. 
‘‘(C) REVIEW.—The review shall be a com-
prehensive review regarding all aspects of the 
program performance, including— 
‘‘(i) determining whether the registration 
agency is receiving notification from the sponsor 
of a program regarding individuals who are reg-
istered as new youth apprentices, pre-appren-
tices, or apprentices under the program, or who 
successfully complete the program, as required 
under this Act; 
‘‘(ii) determining whether the sponsor of the 
program is complying with the requirements of 
this Act; 
‘‘(iii) evaluating the performance of the spon-
sor with respect to, at a minimum, the indicators 
described in paragraph (1)(A)(i), with the per-
formance data disaggregated as described in 
paragraph (1)(B)(viii); and 
‘‘(iv) ensuring the sponsor’s compliance with 
the requirement to provide equal opportunity in 
recruitment, training, and employment as de-
scribed in subparagraphs (B) and (C) of section 
111(b)(7). 
‘‘(D) REPORTS.—On completion of a review 
under this paragraph, the registration agency 
shall prepare and submit to the Administrator a 
report containing the results of the review. 
‘‘(c) SUBSEQUENT ACTION.— 
‘‘(1) TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE.—The registration 
agency shall provide technical assistance to the 
sponsor and identify areas that require tech-
nical assistance, including— 
‘‘(A) to support the sponsor in creating a plan 
to meet the State goals described in section 
113(c)(8)(A)(ii), as applicable; and 
‘‘(B) assistance in the development of a per-
formance improvement plan if the registration 
agency determines, pursuant to any review 
under subsection (b), that the youth apprentice-
ship, pre-apprenticeship, or apprenticeship pro-
gram— 
‘‘(i) is not in operation; 
‘‘(ii) is not in compliance with the require-
ments of this Act; or 
‘‘(iii) is achieving levels of performance on 
any 
indicators 
described 
in 
subsection 
(b)(1)(A)(i) that are lower than the State goals 
for any program year. 
‘‘(2) CORRECTIVE ACTION AND DEREGISTRATION 
OF AN APPRENTICESHIP PROGRAM.—The registra-
tion agency may take corrective action, and if 
warranted, deregister a youth apprenticeship, 
pre-apprenticeship, or apprenticeship program, 
after making a determination that the program 
demonstrates persistent and significant failure 
to perform successfully, which occurs when— 
‘‘(A) the sponsor of the program consistently 
fails to register at least 1 program participant; 
‘‘(B) the program shows a pattern of poor re-
sults on the indicators described in subsection 
(b)(1)(A)(i) over a period of 3 years, given the 
characteristics of program participants and eco-
nomic conditions in the area served, or are lower 
than the national or State average; 
‘‘(C) the program shows no indication of im-
provement in the areas identified by the reg-
istration agency and in the performance im-
provement plan under paragraph (1); or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00013
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.008
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 12-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H404 
February 5, 2021 
‘‘(D) the sponsor has not administered the 
program in accordance with the program’s reg-
istration, as applicable, or with the require-
ments of this Act. 
‘‘(3) NOTIFICATION AND HEARING.—If the reg-
istration agency makes a determination de-
scribed in paragraph (2), the registration agency 
shall notify the Secretary and the sponsor of the 
determination in writing, and permit the spon-
sor to request a hearing by the Office of Admin-
istrative Law Judges. The registration agency 
shall transmit to the Secretary a report con-
taining all pertinent facts and circumstances 
concerning the determination, including find-
ings and a recommendation for deregistration, 
and copies of all relevant documents and 
records. If the sponsor does not request the 
hearing not later than 15 days after receiving 
such notification, the registration agency shall 
deregister the program after the period for re-
questing such a hearing has expired. 
‘‘(4) NOTIFICATION
AND
TREATMENT
OF
AP-
PRENTICES.—Not later than 15 days after the 
registration agency deregisters a program, the 
sponsor or program administrator shall notify 
program participant— 
‘‘(A) of such deregistration and the effective 
date; 
‘‘(B) that such deregistration automatically 
deprives the program participant of individual 
registration as part of such youth apprentice-
ship, pre-apprenticeship, or apprenticeship pro-
gram, including the ability to receive a certifi-
cate of completion from the registration agency; 
‘‘(C) that the deregistration of the program re-
moves the program participant from eligibility 
for any Federal financial or other assistance, or 
rights, privileges, or exemptions under Federal 
law, that— 
‘‘(i) relates to an apprentice; and 
‘‘(ii) requires the registration agency’s ap-
proval; and 
‘‘(D) that all youth apprentices, pre-appren-
tices, or apprentices are referred to the registra-
tion agency for information about potential 
transfers to other programs under the national 
apprenticeship system. 
‘‘SEC. 132. NATIONAL APPRENTICESHIP SYSTEM 
RESEARCH. 
‘‘(a) RESEARCH.—The Secretary shall conduct, 
through an independent entity, research for the 
purpose of improving the management and ef-
fectiveness of the programs and activities car-
ried out under this Act and to assist in the eval-
uation of the programs as described in section 
131. 
‘‘(b) TECHNIQUES.—The research conducted 
under this section shall utilize appropriate 
methodology and research designs. 
‘‘(c) CONTENTS.—Such research shall ad-
dress— 
‘‘(1) the general effectiveness of such pro-
grams and activities in relation to their cost, in-
cluding the extent to which the programs and 
activities— 
‘‘(A) improve the skill and employment com-
petencies of participants in comparison to com-
parably-situated individuals who did not par-
ticipate in such programs and activities; 
‘‘(B) to the extent feasible, increase the levels 
of total employment, of attainment of recognized 
postsecondary credentials, and of measurable 
skills, above the levels that would have existed 
in the absence of such programs and activities; 
‘‘(C) respond to the needs reflected in labor 
market data in the local area and align with 
high-skill, high-wage, or in-demand industries 
or occupations; and 
‘‘(D) demonstrate a return on investment of 
Federal, State, local, sponsor, employer, and 
other funding for programs under the national 
apprenticeship system, capturing the full level 
of investment in, and impact of, such programs 
under the national apprenticeship system; 
‘‘(2) the impact of the National Apprentice-
ship Act of 2021 on the general effectiveness of 
programs under the national apprenticeship sys-
tem, including the implementation of policies 
such as dual or concurrent enrollment pro-
grams, advanced standing, or industry recog-
nized apprenticeable occupations; 
‘‘(3) best practices in increasing participation 
of nontraditional apprenticeship populations 
and individuals with barriers to employment, in-
cluding individuals with disabilities, in pro-
grams under the national apprenticeship sys-
tem; and 
‘‘(4) opportunities to scale up effective models 
under the national apprenticeship system. 
‘‘(d) REPORTS.— 
‘‘(1) INDEPENDENT ENTITY.—The independent 
entity carrying out the research shall prepare 
and submit to the Secretary— 
‘‘(A) an interim report containing findings 
from the research; and 
‘‘(B) a final report containing the results of 
the research, including policy recommendations. 
‘‘(2) REPORTS TO CONGRESS.—Not later than 60 
days after receipt of the interim report and final 
report described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) 
of paragraph (1), respectively, the Secretary 
shall submit each report to the Committee on 
Education and Labor of the House of Represent-
atives and the Committee on Health, Education, 
Labor, and Pensions of the Senate. 
‘‘(e) PUBLIC
ACCESS.—The Secretary shall 
make the interim and final reports available on 
a publicly accessible website not later than 60 
days after the receipt of the interim and final 
report. 
‘‘Subtitle D—General Provisions 
‘‘SEC. 141. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
‘‘(a) OFFICE OF APPRENTICESHIP.—There are 
authorized to be appropriated to carry out sec-
tions 111, 112, 131, and 132— 
‘‘(1) $50,000,000 for fiscal year 2022; 
‘‘(2) $60,000,000 for fiscal year 2023; 
‘‘(3) $70,000,000 for fiscal year 2024; 
‘‘(4) $80,000,000 for fiscal year 2025; and 
‘‘(5) $90,000,000 for fiscal year 2026. 
‘‘(b) INTERAGENCY
AGREEMENT.—There are 
authorized to be appropriated to carry out sec-
tion 114— 
‘‘(1) $10,000,000 for fiscal year 2022; 
‘‘(2) $12,000,000 for fiscal year 2023; 
‘‘(3) $14,000,000 for fiscal year 2024; 
‘‘(4) $16,000,000 for fiscal year 2025; and 
‘‘(5) $18,000,000 for fiscal year 2026. 
‘‘TITLE II—MODERNIZING THE NATIONAL 
APPRENTICESHIP 
SYSTEM 
FOR 
THE 
21ST CENTURY GRANTS 
‘‘SEC. 201. GRANT REQUIREMENTS. 
‘‘(a) AUTHORITY.— 
‘‘(1) IN
GENERAL.—The Administrator shall 
award grants, contracts, or cooperative agree-
ments to eligible entities on a competitive basis 
for the following purposes: 
‘‘(A) CREATION AND EXPANSION ACTIVITIES.— 
To expand the offerings of programs under the 
national apprenticeship system— 
‘‘(i) to create new apprenticeship programs in 
a nontraditional apprenticeship industry or oc-
cupation, such as for programs demonstrating 
demand in information technology, energy, 
green jobs, advanced manufacturing, health 
care, or cybersecurity; 
‘‘(ii) to expand existing apprenticeship pro-
grams demonstrating labor market demand; 
‘‘(iii) to create new or expand existing pre-ap-
prenticeship programs; or 
‘‘(iv) to create new or expand existing youth 
apprenticeship programs. 
‘‘(B) 
ENCOURAGING
EMPLOYER
PARTICIPA-
TION.—To encourage employer participation in 
programs under the national apprenticeship sys-
tem— 
‘‘(i) that target individuals with barriers to 
employment in youth apprenticeship, pre-ap-
prenticeship, 
or 
apprenticeship 
programs, 
prioritizing nontraditional apprenticeship popu-
lations such as women, minorities, long-term 
unemployed, individuals with a disability, indi-
viduals with substance abuse issues, veterans, 
military spouses, individuals experiencing home-
lessness, individuals impacted by the criminal or 
juvenile justice system, and foster and former 
foster youth; 
‘‘(ii) that are in high-need social service-re-
lated industries, sectors, or occupations, such as 
direct care workers and early childhood edu-
cators; 
‘‘(iii) that target individuals currently or re-
cently incarcerated; or 
‘‘(iv) among small- and medium-sized employ-
ers. 
‘‘(C) INTERMEDIARY
GRANTS.—If the eligible 
entity is a qualified intermediary— 
‘‘(i) to support national industry and equity 
intermediaries in establishing or expanding sec-
tor-based partnerships to support the delivery or 
expansion of programs under the national ap-
prenticeship system to significant scale in the 
United States— 
‘‘(I) in key sectors, including manufacturing, 
information technology, cyber security, health 
care, insurance and finance, energy, hospi-
tality, retail, construction, and other sectors 
identified by the Administrator and the Advi-
sory Committee as targeted for expansion under 
the national apprenticeship system; or 
‘‘(II) for nontraditional apprenticeship popu-
lations, women, minorities, individuals with dis-
abilities, and individuals impacted by the crimi-
nal or juvenile justice system; or 
‘‘(ii) to serve programs under the national ap-
prenticeship system in a local or regional set-
ting. 
‘‘(D) EDUCATIONAL ALIGNMENT.—To strength-
en alignment between programs under the na-
tional apprenticeship system and education and 
training providers with secondary, postsec-
ondary, and adult education systems, including 
degree and credential requirements. 
‘‘(2) DURATION.— 
‘‘(A) IN
GENERAL.—The Administrator shall 
award grants, contracts, or cooperative agree-
ments under this subsection for a period of not 
more than 3 years. 
‘‘(B) EXTENSION.—The eligible entity may 
apply for, and the Administrator may grant, an 
extension of the grant period for not more than 
1 additional 2-year period, if the grant recipient 
demonstrates to the Administrator that the re-
cipient— 
‘‘(i) has effectively implemented a project to 
achieve its stated purpose as described in sub-
sections (e) and (f); 
‘‘(ii) has complied with the assurances as de-
scribed in subsection (e)(9); and 
‘‘(iii) has improved applicable outcomes, as 
demonstrated through indicators referred to in 
section 203(a)(2). 
‘‘(b) FUNDING REQUIREMENTS.— 
‘‘(1) MATCHING FUNDS REQUIRED.—The Admin-
istrator shall require, as a condition of receipt of 
funds under this section, an eligible entity to 
match funds awarded under this section in an 
amount not less than 25 percent of the funds 
awarded to such recipient under this section. 
Such eligible entity may make the matching 
funds available directly or through donations 
from non-Federal, public, or private organiza-
tions, in cash or in kind, fairly evaluated. 
‘‘(2) WAIVER.—The Administrator may waive 
the requirement under paragraph (1) if the enti-
ty demonstrates that exceptional circumstances 
prevent the entity from meeting the requirement, 
such as demonstrating that the entity serves a 
high proportion of individuals with barriers to 
employment, or due to exceptional or uncontrol-
lable circumstances, such as a natural disaster 
or a precipitous and unforeseen decline in the 
financial resources of the eligible entity. 
‘‘(c) PRIORITY AND DISTRIBUTION.— 
‘‘(1) PRIORITY.—In awarding grants, con-
tracts, or cooperative agreements under this sec-
tion, the Administrator shall give priority to an 
eligible entity— 
‘‘(A) proposing to serve a high number or high 
percentage of participants who are from non-
traditional apprenticeship populations; and 
‘‘(B) providing opportunities in high-wage, 
high-skill, or in-demand sectors and occupa-
tions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00014
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.008
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 13-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H405 
February 5, 2021 
‘‘(2) GEOGRAPHIC DISTRIBUTION.—In awarding 
grants, contracts, or cooperative agreements 
under this subsection, the Administrator shall, 
to the extent practicable, ensure a geographi-
cally diverse distribution of such awards, in-
cluding a geographically diverse distribution 
among regions of the country and among urban, 
suburban, and rural areas. 
‘‘(d) ELIGIBLE ENTITY.—To be eligible to apply 
for grants, contracts, or cooperative agreements 
under this title, an eligible entity shall— 
‘‘(1) demonstrate a partnership with two or 
more of the following: 
‘‘(A) a State or local workforce development 
board or State or local workforce agency; 
‘‘(B) an education and training provider, or a 
consortium thereof; 
‘‘(C) a State apprenticeship agency; 
‘‘(D) an Indian Tribe or Tribal organization; 
‘‘(E) an industry or sector partnership, a 
group of employers, a trade association, or a 
professional association that sponsors or partici-
pates in a program under the national appren-
ticeship system; 
‘‘(F) a Governor; 
‘‘(G) a labor organization or joint labor-man-
agement organization; 
‘‘(H) community-based organizations that as-
sist program participants in accessing sup-
portive services; or 
‘‘(I) a qualified intermediary; and 
‘‘(2) to the extent practicable— 
‘‘(A) be part of an industry or sector partner-
ship; and 
‘‘(B) partner with a labor or joint labor-man-
agement organization. 
‘‘(e) GENERAL APPLICATION REQUIREMENTS.— 
An eligible entity applying for a grant under 
this section shall submit to the Administrator a 
description of each of the following: 
‘‘(1) Each purpose under subsection (a) for 
which the applicant intends to use such grant. 
‘‘(2) Each entity with which the eligible entity 
is partnered or engaged under subsection (d) 
and the role of each such entity in carrying out 
activities funded under this subsection. 
‘‘(3) The ability of the applicant, directly or 
through partners— 
‘‘(A) to enroll, instruct, advance, and grad-
uate program participants served by the grant 
activities, and enable the participants to gain 
employment after program completion; 
‘‘(B) to support (including by providing tech-
nical assistance) program sponsors and employ-
ers (especially small- and medium-sized busi-
nesses) in the creation of, recruitment for, and 
execution of programs under the national ap-
prenticeship system; and 
‘‘(C) to provide opportunities to rural commu-
nities, as applicable. 
‘‘(4) A labor market analysis with respect to 
the geographic area of service that dem-
onstrates— 
‘‘(A) the need to create or expand the pro-
gram; and 
‘‘(B) a plan to align the activities supported 
by the grant with the labor market needs of 
high-skill, high-wage, or in-demand industry 
sectors or occupations. 
‘‘(5) A plan— 
‘‘(A) to comply with requirements for an eval-
uation and report under section 203; 
‘‘(B) as appropriate, to coordinate activities 
assisted under the grant with activities carried 
out under the Carl D. Perkins Career and Tech-
nical Education Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2301 et 
seq.), the Elementary and Secondary Education 
Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.), the Higher 
Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.), 
the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act 
(29 U.S.C. 3101 et seq.), and any related Federal 
programs and if appropriate, how funds pro-
vided under these programs will be leveraged in 
support of the programs supported by this 
grant; 
‘‘(C) to use funds awarded under this section 
in support of the programs supported by this 
grant, as described in section 202; 
‘‘(D) to continue the program after the grant 
period ends; and 
‘‘(E) to recruit and retain program partici-
pants for pre-apprenticeship, youth apprentice-
ship, and apprenticeship programs, including 
from nontraditional apprenticeship populations, 
such as women, minorities, individuals with dis-
abilities, individuals impacted by the criminal or 
juvenile justice system, and individuals with 
barriers to employment; 
‘‘(F) to ensure program participants are able 
to access supportive services, as applicable; and 
‘‘(G) to comply with the equal opportunity re-
quirements for diversity described in subpara-
graphs (B) and (C) of section 111(b)(7) and sec-
tion 113(c)(5), as applicable. 
‘‘(6) For any grants, contracts, or cooperative 
agreements expanding existing programs under 
the national apprenticeship system, a descrip-
tion of— 
‘‘(A) a plan to coordinate the activities carried 
out under the grant with the existing program; 
and 
‘‘(B) the effectiveness of the program, includ-
ing demonstrations of programmatic components 
such as program costs to employers and to pro-
gram participants, completion and placement 
rates, credential attainment, diversity in popu-
lations served, the effectiveness of the program 
in increasing participant’s wages and benefits, 
or services provided to employers and program 
participants. 
‘‘(7) A description of potential program par-
ticipants and strategies to support the recruit-
ment, retention, and completion of such partici-
pants, including nontraditional apprenticeship 
populations and individuals with barriers to em-
ployment, to the extent practicable. 
‘‘(8) A description of strategies to recruit and 
support employers involved in programs under 
the national apprenticeship system. 
‘‘(9) An assurance that the eligible entity 
will— 
‘‘(A) provide information to the Adminis-
trator, as requested, for any such evaluations as 
the Administrator may carry out; 
‘‘(B) make program performance outcome data 
available (in accordance with applicable data 
privacy laws, including section 444 of the Gen-
eral Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g) 
and section 4 of this Act) to independent eval-
uators to enable the evaluators to prepare the 
evaluations and research reports described in 
section 203(a)(1); and 
‘‘(C) coordinate grant activities with a State 
Apprenticeship Agency, if such agency exists in 
the State where the eligible entity is applying 
for a grant or carrying out activities. 
‘‘(f) 
ADDITIONAL
APPLICATION
REQUIRE-
MENTS.—The Administrator shall require an eli-
gible entity applying for a grant under this title 
to include as part of their application in sub-
section (e) the following information, as appli-
cable: 
‘‘(1) CREATION AND EXPANSION ACTIVITIES.— 
‘‘(A) NEW APPRENTICESHIP PROGRAMS.—An eli-
gible entity applying to create new apprentice-
ship programs and carry out activities in ac-
cordance with subsection (a)(1)(A)(i) shall in-
clude as part of their application a description 
of— 
‘‘(i) any plans for further expansion upon de-
velopment of the program; and 
‘‘(ii) employers, and to the extent practicable, 
labor organizations or joint labor-management 
organizations, engaged in the program creation 
and implementation. 
‘‘(B) EXPANDING APPRENTICESHIP PROGRAMS.— 
An eligible entity applying to expand existing 
apprenticeship programs and carry out activities 
in accordance with subsection (a)(1)(A)(ii) shall 
include as part of their application a description 
of employers engaged in the program expansion. 
‘‘(C) CREATING
OR
EXPANDING
PRE-APPREN-
TICESHIP PROGRAMS.—An eligible entity apply-
ing to create or expand pre-apprenticeship pro-
grams and carry out activities in accordance 
with subsection (a)(1)(A)(iii) shall include as 
part of their application a description of— 
‘‘(i) a partnership between the eligible entity 
and at least one apprenticeship program; and 
‘‘(ii) existing partnerships with employers act-
ing in either an advisory capacity or actively 
participating in the pre-apprenticeship program. 
‘‘(D) CREATING OR EXPANDING YOUTH APPREN-
TICESHIP PROGRAMS.—An eligible entity apply-
ing to create or expand youth apprenticeship 
programs and carry out activities in accordance 
with subsection (a)(1)(A)(iv) shall include as 
part of their application a description of— 
‘‘(i) an existing partnership with at least one 
high school offering related instruction for the 
youth apprenticeship program, with existing in-
tegration into the academic content of the high 
school diploma requirements, or with dem-
onstrated plans for integration of related in-
struction into the high school curriculum; and 
‘‘(ii) existing partnerships with employers act-
ing in either an advisory capacity or actively 
participating in the youth apprenticeship pro-
gram. 
‘‘(2) 
ENCOURAGING
EMPLOYER
PARTICIPA-
TION.— 
‘‘(A) INDIVIDUALS WITH BARRIERS TO EMPLOY-
MENT.—An eligible entity applying to target in-
dividuals with barriers to employment for ap-
prenticeship, youth apprenticeship, or pre-ap-
prenticeship programs and carry out activities 
in accordance with subsection (a)(1)(B)(i) shall 
include as part of their application a description 
of— 
‘‘(i) specific strategies to target both individ-
uals with barriers to employment and employers 
for participation in the program; and 
‘‘(ii) partnerships with organizations that as-
sist program participants in accessing sup-
portive services to support recruitment, reten-
tion, and completion of the program by program 
participants. 
‘‘(B) HIGH-NEED SOCIAL SERVICE-RELATED IN-
DUSTRIES.—An eligible entity applying to offer 
pre-apprenticeship, youth apprenticeship, or ap-
prenticeship programs in high-need social serv-
ice-related industries, sectors, or occupations 
and carry out activities in accordance with sub-
section (a)(1)(B)(ii) shall include as part of their 
application a description of wages and benefits 
offered to program participants. 
‘‘(C) INDIVIDUALS CURRENTLY OR RECENTLY IN-
CARCERATED.—An eligible entity applying to 
target individuals currently or recently incar-
cerated and establish or carry out pre-appren-
ticeship programs and apprenticeship programs 
in accordance with subsection (a)(1)(B)(iii) shall 
include as part of their application a description 
of— 
‘‘(i) a plan to assist the program participants 
in obtaining the documentation and work au-
thorization necessary to participate in such pro-
gram; 
‘‘(ii) partnerships with organizations that will 
assist program participants in accessing activi-
ties to improve financial literacy and supportive 
services; 
‘‘(iii) how the assessments used to support the 
placement of potential program participants into 
a program accurately reflect the participants’ 
skills and competencies; 
‘‘(iv) a plan to provide information about re-
sources to program participants to address men-
tal health or substance abuse issues; 
‘‘(v) partnerships with organizations that sup-
port— 
‘‘(I) the transition from incarceration to re- 
entry, such as assistance with housing, trans-
portation, and legal services; and 
‘‘(II) successful completion of an apprentice-
ship or pre-apprenticeship program; 
‘‘(vi) wages and benefits offered to program 
participants that are commensurate with wages 
for similar work in the State or local area, as al-
lowable; and 
‘‘(vii) alignment and necessary supports to 
comply with and receive the benefits of the Fed-
eral Bonding Program and the Prison Industry 
Enhancement Certification Program for employ-
ers participating in apprenticeship programs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00015
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.008
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 14-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H406 
February 5, 2021 
‘‘(D) SMALL- AND MEDIUM-SIZED EMPLOYERS.— 
An eligible entity applying to engage small- and 
medium-sized employers and carry out activities 
in accordance with subsection (a)(1)(B)(iv) shall 
include as part of their application a description 
of demonstrated success in engaging small- and 
medium-sized employers and the ability to re-
cruit new employers to participate in related 
partnerships or programs, such as small busi-
nesses owned or controlled by women, minori-
ties, or veterans. 
‘‘(3) INTERMEDIARY GRANTS.— 
‘‘(A) SUPPORTING NATIONAL INDUSTRY AND EQ-
UITY INTERMEDIARIES.—An eligible entity apply-
ing to carry out activities in accordance with 
subsection (a)(1)(C)(i) shall include as part of 
their application a description of the ability of 
such entity to convene a diverse group of indus-
try specific stakeholders for the purposes of de-
veloping or expanding programs, including em-
ployers, workforce development organizations, 
industry associations, labor groups (including 
joint labor-management organizations), and 
education and training providers at a national 
level or with national reach. 
‘‘(B) SERVING PROGRAMS IN A LOCAL OR RE-
GIONAL SETTING.—An eligible entity applying to 
carry out activities in accordance with sub-
section (a)(1)(C)(ii) shall include as part of their 
application a description of how such entity 
will— 
‘‘(i) engage employers, especially small- and 
medium-sized businesses, in the formation or on-
going development of industry or sector partner-
ships and programs in the national apprentice-
ship system; 
‘‘(ii) identify the industry or sector partner-
ships that will be served, and demonstrate align-
ment to high-skill, high-wage, or in-demand in-
dustry sectors or occupations; 
‘‘(iii) leverage additional resources, including 
funding provided by Federal and non-Federal 
resources; and 
‘‘(iv) provide services to program sponsors and 
program participants. 
‘‘(4) EDUCATIONAL
ALIGNMENT.—An eligible 
entity applying to carry out activities in accord-
ance with subsection (a)(1)(D) shall include as 
part of their application a description of— 
‘‘(A) a demonstration of a partnership with— 
‘‘(i)(I) no less than three sponsors or employ-
ers; or 
‘‘(II) an industry or sector partnership; and 
‘‘(ii) at least 1 of the following— 
‘‘(I) an educational service agency; 
‘‘(II) a high school; 
‘‘(III) a local educational agency; 
‘‘(IV) State educational agency; 
‘‘(V) an Indian Tribe, Tribal organization, 
Tribal educational agency, Tribally controlled 
college or university, or Tribally controlled post-
secondary career and technical institution, as 
applicable; 
‘‘(VI) a postsecondary educational institution; 
or 
‘‘(VII) a State higher education agency; and 
‘‘(B) a commitment to establishing or expand-
ing the alignment of the related instruction to— 
‘‘(i) the requirements for a high school di-
ploma, which may be fulfilled through a dual or 
concurrent enrollment program; or 
‘‘(ii) the requirements for a recognized post-
secondary credential, including the degree re-
quirements for an associate’s or bachelor’s de-
gree. 
‘‘SEC. 202. USES OF FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) GENERAL ACTIVITIES.—An eligible entity 
applying for any grant activity under section 
201(a)(1)— 
‘‘(1) shall use at least 5 percent of the grant 
funds to provide direct financial assistance to 
apprentices, pre-apprentices, or youth appren-
tices through emergency grants to support their 
financial needs to enter, remain enrolled in, and 
complete such program, such as support for the 
related costs of supplies and equipment, assess-
ment or licensure fees, courses, transportation, 
child care, and housing; and 
‘‘(2) may use funds for any of the following 
activities: 
‘‘(A) To establish or expand partnerships with 
organizations that provide program participants 
access to financial planning, mentoring, and 
supportive services that are necessary to enable 
an individual to participate in and complete a 
program under the national apprenticeship sys-
tem. 
‘‘(B) To conduct outreach and recruitment ac-
tivities, including assessments of potential par-
ticipants for, and enrollment of participants in, 
a program under the national apprenticeship 
system. 
‘‘(C) To conduct outreach, engagement, re-
cruitment, and coordination of activities with 
employers, industry associations, labor and joint 
labor-management 
organizations, 
qualified 
intermediaries, education and training pro-
viders, State or local workforce agencies, poten-
tial sponsors, community-based organizations, 
communities with high numbers or percentages 
of nontraditional apprenticeship populations, 
small- and medium-sized businesses, or rural 
communities to establish or expand industry or 
sector partnerships and opportunities under the 
national apprenticeship system. 
‘‘(D) To carry out grant requirements, includ-
ing program evaluation and reporting require-
ments. 
‘‘(E) To conduct any activities as described in 
the application that would advance the pur-
poses of the grant. 
‘‘(F) To support the transition to virtual or re-
mote learning or training, as necessary and as 
approved by the registration agency. 
‘‘(b) ADDITIONAL USES OF FUNDS.— 
‘‘(1) CREATION OR EXPANSION ACTIVITIES.— 
‘‘(A) APPRENTICESHIP
PROGRAM
CREATION.— 
An eligible entity that receives funds under sec-
tion 201(a)(1)(A)(i) shall use such funding to 
create and implement an apprenticeship pro-
gram, which may include— 
‘‘(i) creating and providing training and re-
lated instruction based on employer engage-
ment; 
‘‘(ii) applying apprenticeship frameworks as 
described in section 111(b)(5)(C) to the State or 
local labor market and employer needs; or 
‘‘(iii) aligning the new program with existing 
apprenticeship programs. 
‘‘(B) APPRENTICESHIP PROGRAM EXPANSION.— 
An eligible entity that receives funds under sec-
tion 201(a)(1)(A)(ii) shall use such funds to ex-
pand an existing apprenticeship program, which 
may include— 
‘‘(i) expanding and enhancing related instruc-
tion; 
‘‘(ii) conducting outreach to and engagement 
with employers for the purposes of program ex-
pansion, including creation of new or expansion 
of existing industry or sector partnerships; 
‘‘(iii) preparing additional instructors or men-
tors needed for program expansion; 
‘‘(iv) building awareness of apprenticeship 
program opportunities for State or local work-
force development, education, and economic de-
velopment entities; and 
‘‘(v) providing commensurate wages to wages 
for on-the-job training for program participants 
during related instruction, as applicable. 
‘‘(C) PRE-APPRENTICESHIP PROGRAMS.—An eli-
gible entity that receives funds under section 
201(a)(1)(A)(iii) shall use such funds to create a 
new pre-apprenticeship program or expand an 
existing pre-apprenticeship program, which may 
include— 
‘‘(i) coordinating pre-apprenticeship program 
activities with an apprenticeship program in a 
high-skill, high-wage, or in-demand industry 
sector or occupation, including the creation or 
expansion of work-based learning opportunities, 
and articulation agreements for those who suc-
cessfully complete a pre-apprenticeship to earn 
academic credit and enroll in an apprenticeship 
program; 
‘‘(ii) creating, expanding, or integrating re-
lated instruction and work-based learning, 
which may include training in the workplace 
and supporting partnerships to create opportu-
nities for pre-apprentices to earn credit at a 
postsecondary educational institution for skills 
and competencies acquired during the pre-ap-
prenticeship program; 
‘‘(iii) providing participants with career explo-
ration and career planning activities and with 
exploration of postsecondary opportunities in-
cluding apprenticeship programs; 
‘‘(iv) with respect to participants without a 
high school diploma or a generally recognized 
equivalent, paying the costs affiliated with ac-
quiring such equivalent, and the costs of any re-
lated assessments of potential pre-apprentices or 
active pre-apprentices, including those that 
would verify the attainment of foundational 
knowledge and skills necessary to succeed in an 
apprenticeship program; 
‘‘(v) development or expansion of partnerships 
with organizations that assist program partici-
pants in accessing supportive services, which 
may include the 12-month period after the con-
clusion of a pre-apprenticeship program; 
‘‘(vi) providing commensurate wages to the 
linked apprenticeship program for pre-appren-
tices as they participate in and complete the 
pre-apprenticeship program, as appropriate; 
‘‘(vii) paying the cost of related instruction or 
assessment or licensure fees associated with the 
pre-apprenticeship program, as appropriate; 
‘‘(viii) creating or expanding industry or sec-
tor partnerships to support the pre-apprentice-
ship program and to provide additional opportu-
nities to the pre-apprentices. 
‘‘(D) YOUTH APPRENTICESHIP PROGRAMS.—An 
eligible entity that receives funds under section 
201(a)(1)(A)(iv) shall use such funds to create a 
new youth apprenticeship program or expand 
an existing youth apprenticeship program, 
which may include— 
‘‘(i) paying for the costs associated with cur-
riculum development and alignment of that cur-
riculum with recognized postsecondary creden-
tials including industry-recognized credentials, 
high school graduation requirements, and re-
lated instruction, including curriculum develop-
ment for dual or concurrent enrollment; 
‘‘(ii) providing employers, and to the extent 
practicable, labor organizations and joint labor- 
management organizations, technical assistance 
to support the participation of youth appren-
tices under the age of 18; 
‘‘(iii) integrating work-based and academic 
learning, which may include training in the 
workplace; 
‘‘(iv) providing career exploration and career 
planning activities, including exploration of 
postsecondary opportunities such as apprentice-
ship programs; 
‘‘(v) providing technical assistance to support 
the participation of small- and medium-sized 
businesses in youth apprenticeship programs; 
‘‘(vi) developing or expanding partnerships 
with organizations that assist program partici-
pants in accessing supportive services, which 
may include the 12-month period after the con-
clusion of such a youth apprenticeship program; 
or 
‘‘(vii) providing teachers, career guidance and 
academic counselors, school leaders, administra-
tors, specialized instructional support personnel, 
and paraprofessionals with professional devel-
opment opportunities to build an understanding 
of apprenticeship opportunities available to stu-
dents, including experiential opportunities like 
externships. 
‘‘(2) INCENTIVE FUNDS.— 
‘‘(A) BARRIERS TO EMPLOYMENT.—An eligible 
entity 
that 
receives 
funds 
under 
section 
201(a)(1)(B)(i) shall use such funds to encourage 
employer participation in programs under the 
national apprenticeship system that target indi-
viduals with barriers to employment, which may 
include— 
‘‘(i) providing financial assistance to employ-
ers to support costs related to the programs, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00016
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.008
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 15-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H407 
February 5, 2021 
such as training incumbent workers for partici-
pation as mentors or employees supervising the 
on-the-job learning; 
‘‘(ii) supporting the cost of related instruction, 
assessment or licensure fees, or wages for pro-
gram participants during related instruction; 
and 
‘‘(iii) establishing or expanding partnerships 
with organizations that assist program partici-
pants in accessing supportive services to support 
recruitment, retention, and completion, includ-
ing providing supplies and equipment necessary 
to begin a program under the national appren-
ticeship system. 
‘‘(B) HIGH-NEED SOCIAL SERVICE-RELATED IN-
DUSTRIES.—An eligible entity that receives funds 
under section 201(a)(1)(B)(ii) shall use such 
funds to incentivize employer participation in 
programs under the national apprenticeship sys-
tem in high need social service-related indus-
tries, sectors, or occupations, which may in-
clude— 
‘‘(i) providing financial assistance to employ-
ers to support costs related to the program, such 
as training incumbent workers as mentors, or 
employees providing on-the-job training; 
‘‘(ii) supporting the cost of related instruction, 
assessment or licensure fees, or wages for pro-
gram participants during related instruction; 
‘‘(iii) establishing or expanding partnerships 
with organizations that assist program partici-
pants in accessing supportive services to support 
recruitment, retention, and completion, includ-
ing providing supplies and equipment necessary 
to begin a program under the national appren-
ticeship system; or 
‘‘(iv) aligning such program with career path-
ways and opportunities for advancement along 
such career pathways. 
‘‘(C) INDIVIDUALS IMPACTED BY THE JUSTICE 
SYSTEM.—An eligible entity that receives funds 
under section 201(a)(1)(B)(iii) shall use such 
funds to incentivize employer participation in 
programs under the national apprenticeship sys-
tem that target individuals impacted by the 
criminal or juvenile justice system, which may 
include— 
‘‘(i) providing financial assistance to employ-
ers to support costs related to the program, such 
as training incumbent workers as mentors or 
employees supervising the on-the-job learning; 
or 
‘‘(ii) supporting the cost of related instruction, 
assessment or licensure fees, or wages for pro-
gram participants during related instruction. 
‘‘(D) IN-DEMAND INDUSTRY SECTOR OR OCCUPA-
TION
GRANTS
FOR
SMALL- AND
MEDIUM-SIZED 
BUSINESSES.— An eligible entity that receives 
funds under section 201(a)(1)(B)(iv) shall use 
such funds to encourage participation of small- 
and medium-sized businesses in programs under 
the national apprenticeship system, which may 
include— 
‘‘(i) providing financial assistance to employ-
ers to support costs related to the program, such 
as training incumbent workers as mentors or 
employees supervising the on-the-job learning; 
‘‘(ii) supporting the cost of related instruction, 
assessment or licensure fees, or wages for pro-
gram participants during related instruction; 
‘‘(iii) providing technical assistance to small- 
and medium-sized businesses on the program 
registration process and leveraging other avail-
able funds to support carrying out programs 
supported by this grant; or 
‘‘(iv) establishing or expanding partnerships 
to support program development or expansion, 
including establishing or expanding industry or 
sector partnerships to ensure inclusion of small- 
and medium-sized businesses. 
‘‘(3) INTERMEDIARY GRANTS.— 
‘‘(A) NATIONAL INDUSTRY AND EQUITY INTER-
MEDIARIES.—An eligible entity that receives 
funds under section 201(a)(1)(C)(i) shall use 
such funds to carry out activities at a national 
and regional level to support the promotion and 
expansion of industry or equity intermediaries, 
which may include— 
‘‘(i) creating partnerships and leveraging col-
laborations with employers, workforce develop-
ment organizations, industry associations, labor 
organizations, and education and training pro-
viders to help multiple employers make edu-
cation and training more affordable and accel-
erate the expansion of programs under the na-
tional apprenticeship system nationwide; 
‘‘(ii) assisting employers in expanding pro-
grams, starting new programs, and working to-
gether to create a pipeline of skilled workers; 
‘‘(iii) increasing the participation and comple-
tion of nontraditional apprenticeship popu-
lations in programs under the national appren-
ticeship system, which may include— 
‘‘(I) supporting the development, implementa-
tion, and scaling of plans and practices; and 
‘‘(II) identifying, developing, and dissemi-
nating effective program tools and strategies; 
‘‘(iv) providing national activities to increase 
awareness and access to programs, including 
strategic marketing and outreach, technology 
improvements, and innovations that make it 
easier for employers to start programs and for 
individuals to connect with program opportuni-
ties; 
‘‘(v) developing and disseminating training or 
related instruction associated with the program 
or for curriculum improvements that align with 
the requirements of the program and learning 
assessments; or 
‘‘(vi) providing industry employees or poten-
tial employees with a clear understanding of fu-
ture career paths and the skills needed to suc-
ceed, along with cost effective ways of acquiring 
those skills through youth apprenticeship, pre- 
apprenticeship, or apprenticeship programs. 
‘‘(B) LOCAL INTERMEDIARIES.—An eligible en-
tity 
that 
receives 
funds 
under 
section 
201(a)(1)(C)(ii) may use such funds to carry out 
activities at a local or regional level to support 
the promotion and expansion of programs under 
the national apprenticeship system, which may 
include— 
‘‘(i) providing training or related instruction 
associated with the programs or for curriculum 
improvements that align with the requirements 
of the programs and learning assessments; 
‘‘(ii) engaging with local education and train-
ing providers to support related instruction 
aligned with the needs of high-skill, high-wage, 
or in-demand industry sectors and occupations, 
and to the extent practicable, support the provi-
sion of academic credit for related instruction; 
‘‘(iii) providing services, including business 
engagement, classroom instruction, and develop-
ment of partnerships with organizations that as-
sist program participants in accessing sup-
portive services (which may include the 12- 
month period after the conclusion of the other 
activities in the youth apprenticeship and pre- 
apprenticeship programs involved); 
‘‘(iv) providing technical assistance on the 
registration process for a sponsor of a youth ap-
prenticeship, pre-apprenticeship, or apprentice-
ship program; 
‘‘(v) connecting businesses, labor organiza-
tions, or joint labor-management organizations 
with education and training providers to de-
velop related instruction to complement the on- 
the-job learning portion of a youth apprentice-
ship, pre-apprenticeship, or apprenticeship pro-
gram; 
‘‘(vi) providing training to employees to serve 
as on-the-job trainers or mentors to program 
participants; and 
‘‘(vii) providing career exposure, career plan-
ning, and career awareness activities. 
‘‘(4) EDUCATIONAL ALIGNMENT GRANTS.—An el-
igible entity that receives funds under section 
201(a)(1)(D) shall use such funds to strengthen 
alignment between programs under the national 
apprenticeship system and education and train-
ing providers with secondary and postsecondary 
education systems, including degree and creden-
tial requirements, which may include— 
‘‘(A) creating and aligning the related in-
struction to requirements for a high school di-
ploma or an associate’s or bachelor’s degree, in-
cluding through— 
‘‘(i) dual enrollment and credit articulation 
for youth apprenticeship programs; 
‘‘(ii) articulation agreements; or 
‘‘(iii) credit transfer agreements; 
‘‘(B) creating or expanding career pathways 
aligned with pre-apprenticeship, youth appren-
ticeship, or apprenticeship programs; 
‘‘(C) providing professional development for 
teachers, career guidance and academic coun-
selors, school leaders, administrators, special-
ized instructional support personnel, and para-
professionals to build an understanding of op-
portunities in the national apprenticeship sys-
tem available to students and to incorporate 
such opportunities into academic content and 
offerings; 
‘‘(D) offering prior learning assessments, 
which may include credit for prior learning to 
grant advanced standing in a program under 
the national apprenticeship system and credit 
towards an associate’s or bachelor’s degree; 
‘‘(E) maintaining a connection between a pre- 
apprenticeship or youth apprenticeship program 
and an apprenticeship program; and 
‘‘(F) providing training for instructors or men-
tors. 
‘‘SEC. 203. GRANT EVALUATIONS. 
‘‘(a) RECIPIENT REPORTS.—Each recipient of a 
grant under this section shall— 
‘‘(1) provide for an independent evaluation of 
the activities carried out under this title during 
the grant period; 
‘‘(2) provide for an annual report and for a 
final report at the conclusion of the grant pe-
riod, which include— 
‘‘(A) a description of how the funds received 
through the grant were used and how the uses 
of funds aligned with the description in the ap-
plication specified in section 201(e)(5)(C); 
‘‘(B) in the case of an eligible entity that is re-
quired to report data under section 131(b)(1), the 
data collected under such section for the grant 
period; 
‘‘(C) the total number of active program par-
ticipants served by each of the grant programs; 
‘‘(D) the total number that obtained unsub-
sidized employment in a field related to the 
apprenticeable occupation; 
‘‘(E) the total number of program participants 
that completed the program in which they were 
enrolled; 
‘‘(F) the average time to completion for each 
program as compared to the program standards 
description under paragraphs (1) and (2) of sec-
tion 123(b); 
‘‘(G) the average cost per participant during 
the most recent program year and the 3 pre-
ceding program years; 
‘‘(H) the percentage of participants who re-
ceived support services; and 
‘‘(I) the disaggregation of performance data 
described in subparagraphs (A) through (H)— 
‘‘(i) by the program type (apprenticeship, 
youth apprenticeship, or pre-apprenticeship 
program) involved; and 
‘‘(ii) by race, ethnicity, sex, age, and member-
ship in a population specified in section 3(24) of 
the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act 
(29 U.S.C. 3102(24)); and 
‘‘(3) submit each report under paragraph (2)— 
‘‘(A) to the registration agency; and 
‘‘(B) to the Administrator. 
‘‘(b) ADMINISTRATOR EVALUATIONS.— 
‘‘(1) IN
GENERAL.—The Administrator shall 
prepare— 
‘‘(A) not later than 36 months after the date 
of enactment of the National Apprenticeship Act 
of 2021, an interim evaluation on the activities 
carried out under grants, contracts, or coopera-
tive agreements awarded under this section; and 
‘‘(B) not later than 60 months after the date 
of enactment of the National Apprenticeship Act 
of 2021, a final evaluation containing the results 
of the grant activities. 
‘‘(2) CONTENTS.—Such evaluations shall ad-
dress, for the activities carried out under each 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00017
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.008
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 16-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H408 
February 5, 2021 
grant awarded under this section, the general 
effectiveness of the activities in relation to their 
cost, including the extent to which the activi-
ties— 
‘‘(A) improve the participation in, retention 
in, and completion of youth apprenticeship, pre- 
apprenticeship, and apprenticeship programs by 
nontraditional apprenticeship populations; 
‘‘(B) to the extent feasible, increase the levels 
of total employment, of attainment of recognized 
postsecondary credentials, and of measurable 
skills, above the levels that would have existed 
in the absence of such activities; 
‘‘(C) respond to the needs reflected in State, 
regional, or local labor market data; 
‘‘(D) align with high-skill, high-wage, or in- 
demand industries or occupations; and 
‘‘(E) reach a wide variety of industry sectors 
and occupations; 
‘‘(3) REPORTS TO CONGRESS.—Not later than 60 
days after the completion of the interim evalua-
tion and the final evaluation described in this 
section, the Administrator shall submit to the 
Committee on Education and Labor of the 
House of Representatives and the Committee on 
Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the 
Senate a report summarizing the findings of the 
interim evaluations and a report summarizing 
the final evaluations. 
‘‘(4) PUBLIC ACCESS.—The Administrator shall 
make the interim and final reports available on 
a publicly accessible website not later than 60 
days after the completion of the interim report 
and the final report. 
‘‘SEC. 204. GRANT APPROPRIATIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated to 
carry out this title: 
‘‘(1) $400,000,000 for fiscal year 2022; 
‘‘(2) $500,000,000 for fiscal year 2023; 
‘‘(3) $600,000,000 for fiscal year 2024; 
‘‘(4) $700,000,000 for fiscal year 2025; and 
‘‘(5) $800,000,000 for fiscal year 2026.’’. 
SEC. 4. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
(a) AMERICAN COMPETITIVENESS
AND WORK-
FORCE
IMPROVEMENT
ACT
OF
1998.—Section 
414(c) of the American Competitiveness and 
Workforce Improvement Act of 1998 (29 U.S.C. 
2916a) is repealed. 
(b) IMMIGRATION AND NATIONALITY ACT.—Sec-
tion 286(s)(2) of the Immigration and Nation-
ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1356(s)(2)) is amended— 
(1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘FOR
JOB 
TRAINING’’ and inserting ‘‘FOR PROGRAMS UNDER 
THE NATIONAL APPRENTICESHIP SYSTEM’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘for demonstration programs 
and projects described in section 414(c) of the 
American Competitiveness and Workforce Im-
provement Act of 1998’’ and inserting ‘‘to carry 
out title II of the National Apprenticeship Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill, 
as amended, is debatable for 1 hour 
equally divided and controlled by the 
chair and ranking minority member of 
the 
Committee 
on 
Education 
and 
Labor. 
The gentleman from Michigan (Mr. 
LEVIN) and the gentlewoman from 
North Carolina (Ms. FOXX) each will 
control 30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Michigan. 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Mr. LEVIN of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, 
I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-
bers have 5 legislative days in which to 
revise and extend their remarks and in-
sert extraneous material on H.R. 447, 
the National Apprenticeship Act of 
2021. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-
tleman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. 
Mr. LEVIN of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of H.R. 447, the National Apprentice-
ship Act of 2021. 
The COVID–19 pandemic has caused 
significant and lasting hardship for our 
Nation’s workers. Millions of people 
are still without work, and at least 7 
million of the jobs lost during the 
COVID–19 pandemic will not come 
back. During this historic economic 
downturn, we must use every tool we 
have to help workers find jobs and pre-
pare them for high-quality jobs and 
employment opportunities of the fu-
ture. 
The most successful of these tools 
that we have, without question, is our 
registered apprenticeship system. Each 
year, hundreds of thousands of workers 
count on registered apprenticeships to 
learn in-demand skills, earn wages that 
grow along with those skills, and re-
ceive nationally recognized credentials 
that lead to rewarding careers. Reg-
istered apprenticeships are so success-
ful that 94 percent of apprentices are 
employed upon completion and they 
earn an average starting wage of more 
than $70,000 a year. 
Yet Congress has not reauthorized 
the National Apprenticeship Act since 
it was first passed as part of the New 
Deal in 1937. Simply put, we have left 
our Nation’s very best workforce devel-
opment initiative underresourced at a 
time when we need it most. 
In response, the National Apprentice-
ship Act of 2021 invests $3.5 billion in 
our national apprenticeship system; 
ensures consistency and quality across 
apprenticeship programs; increases op-
portunities for diverse groups of work-
ers who have not traditionally been in-
cluded in the apprenticeship system; 
and expands registered apprenticeships 
in 
emerging 
sectors, 
such 
as 
healthcare, 
manufacturing, 
finance, 
and technology. 
This investment alone will create an 
additional 1 million apprenticeship op-
portunities—I am so excited to say 
that—and it will yield more than $10 
billion in benefits to taxpayers through 
higher 
tax 
revenue 
and 
decreased 
spending on social safety net programs. 
There is no better policy, Mr. Speaker, 
than helping people get great training 
for great jobs. 
Construction trades and their indus-
try partners have long proven that the 
registered apprenticeship model works. 
That is why trade groups, industry as-
sociations, labor unions, and other 
stakeholders supported both Demo-
crats and Republicans in overwhelm-
ingly voting for this bill last Novem-
ber. Now we must come together again 
to pass the National Apprenticeship 
Act of 2021 so that workers across the 
country and across industries can ben-
efit from registered apprenticeship op-
portunities. 
Lastly, I would be remiss if I did not 
recognize Representative POCAN of Wis-
consin, who sponsored the Leveraging 
Effective Apprenticeships to Rebuild 
National Skills Act, or the LEARNS 
Act; and Representative BONAMICI of 
Oregon, who authored the PARTNERS 
Act; and former Representative, our 
dear colleague, SUSAN DAVIS of Cali-
fornia, who shepherded this bill in the 
116th Congress, for all of their signifi-
cant contributions to this legislation. 
Mr. 
Speaker, 
I 
thank 
Chairman 
JERRY NADLER for the courtesy of pro-
viding for discharge of the portion of 
the bill within the jurisdiction of the 
Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge support for this 
legislation, and I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY, 
Washington, DC, February 1, 2021. 
Hon. BOBBY SCOTT, 
Chairman, House Committee on Education and 
Labor, Washington, DC. 
DEAR CHAIRMAN SCOTT: This is to advise 
you that we have now had an opportunity to 
review the provisions in H.R. 447, the ‘‘Na-
tional Apprenticeship Act of 2021,’’ that fall 
within our Rule X jurisdiction. I appreciate 
your consulting with us on those provisions. 
We have no objection to your including them 
in the bill for consideration on the House 
floor, and to expedite that consideration is 
willing to forgo action on H.R. 447, with the 
understanding that we do not thereby waive 
any future jurisdictional claim over those 
provisions or their subject matters. 
In the event a House-Senate conference on 
this or similar legislation is convened, the 
Judiciary Committee reserves the right to 
request an appropriate number of conferees 
to address any concerns with these or simi-
lar provisions that may arise in conference. 
Please place this letter into the CONGRES-
SIONAL RECORD during consideration of the 
measure on the House floor. Thank you for 
the cooperative spirit in which you have 
worked regarding this matter and others be-
tween our committees. 
Sincerely, 
JERROLD NADLER, 
Chairman. 
COMMITTEE
ON
EDUCATION
AND 
LABOR, HOUSE
OF
REPRESENTA-
TIVES, 
Washington, DC, February 1, 2021. 
Hon. JERROLD NADLER, 
Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR CHAIRMAN NADLER: In reference to 
your letter of February 1, 2021, I write to 
confirm our mutual understanding regarding 
H.R. 447, the ‘‘National Apprenticeship Act 
of 2021.’’ 
I appreciate the Committee on the Judi-
ciary’s waiver of consideration of H.R. 447 as 
specified in your letter. I acknowledge that 
the waiver was granted only to expedite floor 
consideration of H.R. 447 and does not in any 
way waive or diminish the Committee on the 
Judiciary’s jurisdictional interests over this 
or similar legislation. 
I would be pleased to include our exchange 
of letters on this matter in the CONGRES-
SIONAL RECORD during floor consideration of 
the bill to memorialize our joint under-
standing. 
Again, thank you for your assistance with 
this matter. 
Very truly yours, 
ROBERT C. ‘‘BOBBY’’ SCOTT, 
Chairman. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong 
opposition to H.R. 477, the National Ap-
prenticeship Act of 2021, which impedes 
the ability of businesses and employers 
to fill in-demand jobs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00018
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.008
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 17-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H409 
February 5, 2021 
Legislation deserves a proper, thor-
ough, 
and 
bipartisan 
examination, 
which is why the House has long estab-
lished procedures to do just that. Those 
procedures respect the majority and 
minority and ensure that both sides 
are represented. 
Democrats are ignoring these proce-
dures and bringing this bill straight to 
the floor, steamrolling the committee 
of jurisdiction. Time and again Speak-
er PELOSI has shown more interest in 
‘‘our way or the highway’’ governing 
than upholding the deliberative process 
of the people’s House. 
Rushing a bill to the House floor 
without committee consideration sim-
ply because we have gaveled in a new 
Congress and need something to fill the 
time on the floor isn’t a sustainable 
path forward under any circumstances. 
This is particularly frustrating consid-
ering the bipartisan agreement that 
our Nation’s apprenticeship system 
needs to be updated to provide more 
opportunities for hardworking Ameri-
cans. 
H.R. 447 closes pathways to work for 
students and job seekers at a time 
when our Nation is in desperate need of 
getting more Americans back to work. 
In recent years, steps were taken to in-
crease the number of high-quality ap-
prenticeships and introduce innovation 
into work-based learning programs. 
For example, the Trump administra-
tion created Industry Recognized Ap-
prenticeship Programs, IRAPs, which 
provide another avenue for companies 
seeking skilled workers who want to 
develop programs with more input 
from other industry leaders rather 
than from the Federal Government. 
Democrats like to say that IRAPs 
are ‘‘untried’’ or ‘‘untested.’’ Other 
words for that are ‘‘new’’ and ‘‘innova-
tive.’’ 
This bill would take away opportuni-
ties for the 131 IRAPs that have been 
recognized in the last 4 months, the 
vast majority of which are for nursing 
credentials. Limiting nursing creden-
tials during a global pandemic is idi-
otic. 
By prohibiting these innovative pro-
grams, the bill assumes that a reg-
istered program that worked for one 
employer will meet the diverse needs of 
every business across the country, re-
gardless of size or industry. 
In fiscal year 2019, 252,000 individuals 
entered apprenticeships, but only 81,000 
graduated from the registered system. 
In fact, there have been, on average, 
over 190,000 new apprenticeships every 
year since 2015, but only 81,000 graduate 
in a year from the registered system. 
That is a graduation rate of 43 percent, 
at best. Yet Democrats refer to this 
program as the ‘‘gold standard.’’ 
Lord help us if this is the gold stand-
ard. 
Clearly, there is room to improve the 
registered system, make space for em-
ployer-led innovation, and get more 
Americans back to work. Instead, 
Democrats assume that simply throw-
ing more taxpayer dollars at a broken 
system will lead to the creation of a 
million new apprenticeships. But they 
have failed to address the underlying 
problems with the system and, along 
the way, are shutting down a new, 
more flexible option that businesses 
have already found appealing. 
Stifling 
innovation 
and 
doubling 
down on an 80-year-old system that fa-
vors union-driven apprenticeships will 
hurt our efforts to get more Americans 
back to work. Yet language included in 
the legislation favors grant funding for 
entities partnering with unions. Turn-
ing the bill’s grant program into a 
union slush fund would also block 
countless potential for participants 
from accessing grant money. 
Even worse, H.R. 447 will force job 
creators to deal with overly prescrip-
tive requirements, additional bureauc-
racy, and time-consuming paperwork 
on top of the one-size-fits-all approach. 
It is no wonder this stifling environ-
ment has discouraged new and small 
businesses from participating in the 
registered apprenticeship system. 
Employers know best what skills 
their employees require to excel in the 
workplace. That is why Republicans 
believe Congress should encourage em-
ployer-led innovation in the appren-
ticeship space. Unfortunately, today’s 
legislation falls woefully short. 
We know that apprenticeships will 
play a defining role in closing the 
skills gap and putting more Americans 
to work, but only if employees and job 
creators are given the flexibility to in-
novate and develop high-quality earn- 
and-learn programs without overreach 
from Washington. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote, and 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. LEVIN of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman 
from New Jersey (Mr. NORCROSS), who 
is a member of the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor and a person whose 
life embodies the value of apprentice-
ships not just to our industries, but to 
our Nation. 
Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to speak on the importance of 
the bipartisan National Apprenticeship 
Act of 2021. 
First, I would like to thank former 
Congresswoman Susan Davis for the 
work that she and BRETT GUTHRIE put 
in this bill and how important it was. 
We had traveled the world looking at 
different models to see how other coun-
tries have done it, but the answer was 
right here in our backyard, the gold 
standard, what the national building 
trades have done over the past 100 
years. 
Mr. Speaker, as a child growing up, 
you hear from teachers and counselors 
that you have to go to college in order 
to make it in America. Well, I was one 
of four boys. My three brothers went to 
college. I like to say I went to the 
other 4-year school, a registered IBEW 
apprenticeship 
program 
for 
elec-
tricians. 
b 0930 
It allowed me to earn while I was 
going to school, to take what I learned 
in the books at night and apply it the 
next day; how important that was to 
help raise my young family and lit-
erally paved the way for me to go from 
the construction site to the floor of 
Congress; remarkable. 
But we know, one size does not fit 
all. I like to say, some people want to 
go to college, some people want to 
build the college, some people want to 
defend the college. We need everyone 
to come together, and this registered 
apprenticeship is the most successful 
training program in the history of the 
United States. You heard, 94 percent of 
the people who complete it go right to 
work and are fully employed. 
And the building trades have a grad-
uation rate of approaching 90 percent, 
something unheard of, and coming out 
making $70,000, with little or no debt. 
Little or no debt. That paycheck that 
goes along with it is that dignity that 
if you can work with your hands you 
also work with your heart and your 
head, and how important that is. 
Whether you work in a shipyard, 
medical technology, or you have your 
Ph.D., we are all the same, adding 
value to this great country, and we 
need all of them to succeed. 
This apprenticeship act builds off of 
what we have done in the past. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. LEVIN of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield an additional 30 seconds to the 
gentleman from New Jersey. 
Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I just 
want to make sure, the standards are 
so important. When there is a hurri-
cane that hits the Gulf Coast, literally, 
linemen and workers from around the 
country come together. And why is 
that important? Because they all train 
on the same standards. 
Could you imagine if everybody came 
in learning a different way? That is 
how people die. That is why standards 
are critically important and proven 
over time. 
So I encourage everybody to come to-
gether to work on and vote for the 
most impressive and successful pro-
gram in the history of the United 
States. 
Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD 
the North America’s Building Trades 
Unions letter of support. 
NORTH AMERICA’S 
BUILDING TRADES UNIONS, 
Washington, DC, February 3, 2021. 
DEAR MEMBER OF CONGRESS: On behalf of 
the over 3 million skilled craft professionals 
that comprise North America’s Building 
Trades Unions (NABTU), I write in support 
of H.R. 447, the National Apprenticeship Act 
of 2021. 
I first would like to commend the work of 
Chairman Scott and the bipartisan cospon-
sors of this legislation for their diligent ef-
forts to maintain the integrity of the Reg-
istered Apprenticeship system, and their 
continued engagement with us on this bill, 
which reauthorizes the foundational law on 
which our apprenticeship programs are built. 
In the eight decades since the Registered Ap-
prenticeship system was created, our nation, 
the economy, our industry, and technology 
have drastically changed. What has not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00019
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.009
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 18-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H410 
February 5, 2021 
changed is the need to forever protect and 
enshrine the rights of those individuals who 
enter an apprenticeship program, and H.R. 
447 continues to protect the safety, well 
being, and economic trajectory of the ap-
prentice. 
More than two-thirds of all civilian reg-
istered apprentices in the United States are 
trained in the construction industry. Among 
these construction apprentices, seventy-five 
percent receive their training at one of the 
1,900 privately funded training centers in 
North America which are jointly adminis-
tered by construction contractors and build-
ing trades unions. Investing almost $2 billion 
in private capital annually in our Registered 
Apprenticeship programs, our joint labor- 
management programs have long been con-
sidered the gold standard of the Registered 
Apprenticeship system. 
The affiliated unions of NABTU provide a 
debt-free ladder of opportunity to those who 
seek a career in the construction industry 
through Registered Apprenticeship. From 
day one, apprentices earn while they learn 
on a progressively increasing wage scale, 
with the added security of healthcare and re-
tirement benefits, and upon completion of 
the program earn, on average, $60,000 annu-
ally. Furthermore, through our ever-expand-
ing pre-apprenticeship programs, we con-
tinue to work with our industry partners to 
increase the diversity of apprenticeship can-
didates by recruiting women, people of color 
and veterans. 
While there are other avenues one may 
take to be trained in the construction crafts, 
for generations, the safest, most highly 
skilled and productive construction craft 
workers in the world have received their 
training through the Registered Apprentice-
ship system. H.R. 447, the National Appren-
ticeship Act of 2021, will ensure the Reg-
istered Apprenticeship system not only re-
mains the gold standard in workforce train-
ing in the construction industry, but that it 
is accessible for all industries that seek a 
productive and highly skilled workforce. I 
urge swift passage of this bill and look for-
ward to working with you to strengthen eco-
nomic opportunities in every community, 
both large and small, across our great na-
tion. 
Sincerely, 
SEAN MCGARVEY, 
President. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania (Mr. THOMPSON). 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition 
to H.R. 447, the National Apprentice-
ship Act of 2021. 
As co-chair of the Congressional Ca-
reer and Technical Education Caucus, 
it takes a lot for me to oppose legisla-
tion like this, which should be and al-
ways has been bipartisan. But my 
friends across the aisle have included 
measures that just are not good for 
America, and not bipartisan. 
The National Apprenticeship Act, 
which was originally passed in 1937, es-
tablished the registered apprenticeship 
system we see today. This system has 
provided many Americans with the op-
portunities to learn tangible skills 
they need for high-wage, high-skill, 
and in-demand jobs that will lead to 
fulfilling careers. 
More recently, we have seen interest 
for apprenticeships rise as more em-
ployers and small businesses are recog-
nizing the vital role they play in the 
development of a skilled workforce. 
This law is in desperate need of reforms 
that will both strengthen and expand 
this traditional system, while empow-
ering employers and others to pursue 
work-based learning innovation. 
As co-chair of the bipartisan Career 
and Technical Education Caucus, I 
have always supported and will con-
tinue to support legislation that pro-
motes skills-based education for a 21st 
century economy. 
With that being said, we must ac-
knowledge that the registered appren-
ticeship system created during the 
Great Depression will never be suitable 
by itself for a modern workforce. 
While this bill codifies several Fed-
eral regulations for the registered ap-
prenticeship model, the underlying bill 
ignores the needs of our workers and 
our economy. 
Previous administrations have taken 
tremendous steps to grow the number 
of high-quality apprenticeships and 
modernize work-based learning pro-
grams, especially through the Depart-
ment of Labor’s Industry-Recognized 
Apprenticeship Programs, or IRAPS. 
This program is aimed to help foster 
continued innovation that recognizes 
the dignity of all work and provides an-
other tool for apprentices to move into 
meaningful work in our rapidly evolv-
ing economy. 
However, the current legislation does 
not provide the needed flexibility for 
innovation of these programs, the nec-
essary funding to carry out these pro-
grams, or change the current status 
quo. 
By prohibiting these innovative pro-
grams, this bill assumes that a reg-
istered program that works for one em-
ployer will meet the various needs of 
every business across the country, re-
gardless of size or industry. We need to 
listen to what businesses are telling us. 
For this reason, I urge my colleagues 
to oppose this bill. 
Mr. LEVIN of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 11⁄2 minutes to the gentlewoman 
from Oregon (Ms. BONAMICI), a hard-
working member of the Committee on 
Education and Labor. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
support of the bipartisan National Ap-
prenticeship Act, which I am honored 
to co-lead with Chairman SCOTT. 
Last summer, I held a roundtable dis-
cussion with apprentices and pre-ap-
prentices from around northwest Or-
egon. I spoke with Melissa, who said 
that joining the Boilermakers Local 
242 apprenticeship was a ‘‘life-changing 
decision.’’ And Lacy, who talked about 
her apprenticeship with Laborers Local 
737; she said it ‘‘made it possible to pay 
my bills and feed my kid.’’ 
By supporting the National Appren-
ticeship Act, we will help more workers 
like Melissa and Lacy gain the skills 
and support services they need to pro-
vide for themselves and their families. 
As our Nation recovers from the eco-
nomic consequences of the pandemic, 
registered apprenticeships provide es-
pecially 
meaningful 
upskilling 
and 
reskilling opportunities for displaced 
and dislocated workers to help them 
secure good-paying jobs. 
I am glad that my bipartisan PART-
NERS Act is included to help small and 
medium-sized businesses develop reg-
istered apprenticeships and provide 
workers with support services like 
tools, 
work 
attire, 
transportation, 
childcare, and mentorship. 
The legislation we pass today will 
help more Oregonians and Americans 
get the skills they need to succeed. 
Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD 
a letter from the National Task Force 
on Tradeswomen’s Issues in support of 
the National Apprenticeship Act. 
[From the National Task Force on 
tradeswomen’s Issues, Jan. 28, 2021] 
COMMENTS OF THE NATIONAL TASKFORCE ON 
TRADESWOMEN’S ISSUES
ON
THE NATIONAL 
APPRENTICESHIP ACT REAUTHORIZATION 
The National Taskforce on Tradeswomen’s 
Issues (TWTF) is a national coalition of 
women’s 
organizations 
and 
tradeswomen 
whose mission is to create access, oppor-
tunity and equity in nontraditional employ-
ment and training for women. TWTF very 
much appreciates the reauthorizing of the 
National Apprenticeship Act (NAA) of 2021 
(H.R. 447) in a way that best protects appren-
tices and best serves other stakeholders in 
the apprenticeship system. In particular, 
TWTF is deeply grateful for the careful at-
tention that H.R. 447 pays to enhancing op-
portunities for women and people of color— 
populations that have historically been too 
often unfairly denied such opportunities be-
cause of their gender, race, or ethnicity—to 
gain access to and retain high-skill, high- 
wage jobs through registered apprentice-
ships, pre-apprenticeships, and youth appren-
ticeships. TWTF is also highly appreciative 
of the significant investments that H.R. 447 
makes to the national apprenticeship sys-
tem. 
Our organizational members, such as Chi-
cago 
Women 
in 
the 
Trades, 
Oregon 
Tradeswomen Inc., Tradeswomen, Inc. (in 
Northern California), ANEW (in Washington 
State), 
Nontraditional 
Employment 
for 
Women (NEW) (in New York City), and Ne-
vada Women in Trades currently operate, 
and for years have operated, pre-apprentice-
ship programs and other programs for en-
couraging women’s participation in the 
trades and in other occupations in which 
women have not traditionally worked. To-
gether we have over 152 years of combined 
experience in operating such programs. 
Our organizational members also provide a 
wide range of technical assistance services 
and resources that support apprenticeship 
programs, employers, training providers and 
the workforce system in enhancing equity 
for diverse apprentices and potential appren-
tices through the National Center for Wom-
en’s Equity in Employment and Apprentice-
ship. This technical assistance includes EEO 
planning guidance, toolkits, best practice 
briefs, curriculum, staff training, replicable 
program models, and other resources and 
strategies that have proven successful in at-
tracting and retaining women in these fields. 
(The National Center for Women’s Equity in 
Employment and Apprenticeship was funded 
until 2020 in part by a contract with the U.S. 
Department of Labor (DOL) Office of Appren-
ticeship (OA).) 
TWTF’s individual members—current and 
former tradeswomen—have, in our scores of 
years of lived experience in all aspects of ap-
prenticeship and employment in the trades, 
seen it all. A number of these individuals 
also serve in leadership positions within ap-
prenticeship programs and their sponsors 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00020
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.002
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 19-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H411 
February 5, 2021 
and have intimate knowledge of registration, 
especially as it relates to EEO/AA. We have 
known the exhilaration of acquiring mastery 
of skills, the sense of accomplishment of 
working with the tools, the pride of being 
part of building something tangible and im-
portant, the comfort of genuine mentoring 
and support from our co-workers and col-
leagues, and the satisfaction of supporting 
our families with a living wage and real ben-
efits. We have also known the financial 
struggle of being ‘‘last hired, first fired’’ and 
the sting and humiliation of hazing, harass-
ment, and discrimination. Many, many of us 
have had successful careers in the trades; 
many others have been unable to continue in 
those occupations due to discrimination or 
other 
barriers. 
Indeed, 
historically, 
tradeswomen have been at the forefront of 
work to change conditions that prevent 
women from being fully integrated into well- 
paid, blue-collar jobs. 
These comments are informed by the expe-
riences of both our organizational and indi-
vidual members. 
TWTF is pleased to support H.R. 447 in gen-
eral. In particular, we support the bill’s in-
corporation of certain nondiscrimination 
and affirmative action standards for appren-
ticeship programs currently codified in 29 
CFR part 30; the requirement that funded en-
tities devote a minimum of 5 percent of 
grant funds to direct financial assistance to 
apprentices, pre-apprentices, or youth ap-
prentices for supportive services; and the sig-
nificant investments that the bill makes in 
registered apprenticeship, preapprenticeship, 
and youth apprenticeship programs and tech-
nical assistance to make progress on equity 
and inclusion for women and people of color. 
However, we do have some critical con-
cerns about some of the language in the bill. 
For example— 
Unlike current law, the bill does not clear-
ly and unambiguously require registered ap-
prenticeship programs (RAPs) to set goals 
for the proportions of their apprentices who 
are women, Hispanics, African Americans, 
Asians, and other racial categories that re-
flect those each of those groups’ proportions 
among the people in the areas they recruit 
from who meet the minimum qualifications 
for the apprenticeship. Nor does it clearly 
and unambiguously require RAPs to take 
steps to target their recruitment, hiring, and 
retention practices to the underrepresented 
group(s) if they fail to meet those goal(s). 
The bill is subject to the interpretation 
that it completely preempts continuation or 
reinstatement of the positive requirements 
that are in 29 CFR 30, the current law but 
not clearly included in H.R. 447. 
Some of the requirements for pre-appren-
ticeship programs contained in H.R. 447 were 
designed for registered apprenticeship pro-
grams but are not appropriate for pre-ap-
prenticeship programs. 
Some of the conditions on grants to be 
awarded under the bill may make it difficult 
for pre-apprenticeship programs to receive 
funding under the bill. 
We plan to work provide more detail on 
these concerns as the bill moves forward in 
the Senate, and will ask that Congress ad-
dress them before the bill becomes law. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
Chairman SCOTT for his leadership. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Geor-
gia (Mr. ALLEN). 
Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in strong opposition to H.R. 447. 
Coming from the construction indus-
try, I know firsthand that apprentice-
ships help Americans gain valuable 
skills that lead to good-paying jobs and 
long-lasting careers. 
Before the COVID–19 pandemic hit, 
we had the greatest economy in the 
world. Unfortunately, we have seen the 
negative impact this virus has had on 
employment opportunities, and Con-
gress should be working in a bipartisan 
manner to get this economy back on 
track. 
There is no doubt that skilled trades 
will play a crucial part in economic re-
covery in the coming months. By en-
couraging more apprenticeship pro-
grams, we can help American workers 
get back on their feet while, simulta-
neously, helping employers meet their 
workforce needs. 
But the last thing American workers 
and businesses need is additional bu-
reaucratic red tape like those included 
in H.R. 447. 
My Democratic colleagues are push-
ing forward an approach that doubles 
down on burdensome mandates and will 
prevent more workers from accessing 
apprenticeship opportunities by impos-
ing a one-size-fits-all Federal reg-
istered apprenticeship system, while 
doing nothing to support other models. 
I offered an amendment to today’s 
bill that would uphold the Trump ad-
ministration’s rule regarding the De-
partment of Labor’s Industry-Recog-
nized Apprenticeship Programs, which 
provides companies an alternative ave-
nue to train skilled workers for their 
specific industry needs, while allowing 
Americans to earn while they learn. 
We should empower employers to in-
novate and develop their own appren-
ticeship programs, not constrain them. 
Yet, per usual, my Democratic col-
leagues blocked my amendment from 
consideration. 
If you truly want unity and working 
across the aisle, then I urge my col-
leagues to work with the Republicans 
on the House Education and Labor 
Committee on a bipartisan bill that 
would encourage innovation and flexi-
bility into the apprenticeship model so 
that more Americans can get back to 
work. 
Mr. LEVIN of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman 
from Connecticut (Mr. COURTNEY), a 
member of the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor, and a scholar of the 
history of apprenticeship in this body. 
Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, in 
1937, a freshman Member of Congress 
who held my seat, Representative Wil-
liam Fitzgerald, from Norwich, Con-
necticut, led the effort to pass the first 
National Apprenticeship Act. After 
being signed into law by President 
Roosevelt, this remained largely un-
touched for 83 years, yet the registered 
apprenticeship system it created has 
buoyed the Nation through decades of 
tumultuous change in our economy and 
its workforce. 
The Fitzgerald Act is simple. It in-
structs the Secretary of Labor to bring 
together employers and workers, and 
using national standards, develop ap-
prenticeship programs and work with 
State agencies to carry out certifi-
cations all across the country. With 
that elegant framework, the registered 
apprenticeship program has expanded 
to 1,200 recognized occupations, enroll-
ing thousands of new apprentices each 
year. Upon completion of a registered 
apprenticeship, workers can expect to 
earn an average of $70,000 per year. All 
this was achieved with a tiny Federal 
investment. 
Today, we take an historic step to 
build on its success with the first-ever 
reauthorization of the Fitzgerald Act 
to size up and grow its proven model. 
H.R. 447 creates a dedicated source of 
funding to State apprenticeship offices 
that will connect more employers to 
trainees 
and 
launches 
competitive 
grants to start apprentices in new sec-
tors of the economy and, thus, recruit 
underserved populations. 
This bill will enact those reforms yet 
remain true to the crown jewel of 
Fitzgerald’s vision, safeguarding na-
tional standards so that workers and 
employers can trust that the program’s 
skills and certifications are high-qual-
ity and, thus, transportable. 
In Connecticut, I have seen how reg-
istered apprenticeships help first-time 
employers. Chris Jewell of Bozrah, 
Connecticut said this about his metal 
fabrication shop’s new participation in 
the program: ‘‘The training money we 
received allowed us to take a chance on 
employees that we felt were ready to 
make the next step in their career 
path.’’ 
Those workers and others at Chris’ 
shop are thriving today in high-paying 
jobs because of the Fitzgerald Act. This 
bill will multiply that success for mil-
lions at just the time our Nation’s ail-
ing economy needs it the most. I urge 
my colleagues to pass this bill. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania (Mr. KELLER). 
Mr. KELLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in opposition of H.R. 447, the Na-
tional Apprenticeship Act of 2021. 
Let’s be very clear: Apprenticeship 
programs are a tremendous benefit to 
our economy. They provide a diverse 
range of opportunities for emerging 
workers to hone and develop skill sets 
while providing competitive salaries 
that strengthen our economy. 
I agree with my colleagues that our 
existing apprenticeship system is se-
verely outdated and it must be restruc-
tured to reflect the needs and chal-
lenges of the current economy and the 
modern workforce. However, H.R. 447 
completely fails to address and expand 
work-based learning programs. 
Current regulations permit a special 
carve-out for union-sponsored appren-
ticeships to ignore the mandatory ratio 
of apprentices to supervisors intended 
to keep workers safe. This preferential 
treatment, by definition, creates an 
uneven playing field and jeopardizes 
worker safety. 
I offered an amendment to this legis-
lation that would have closed this loop-
hole, leveled the playing field, and en-
sured the safety of all apprentices on 
the job. However, the majority voted to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00021
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.004
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 20-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H412 
February 5, 2021 
reject this effort to hold all apprentice-
ship programs to the same standards of 
safety regardless of which entity spon-
sors the program. 
Given the impacts of the COVID–19 
pandemic on our economy, now more 
than ever we need an apprenticeship 
system that provides and protects 
workers and gives them the tools and 
opportunities for success. The bottom 
line is that this law must be updated so 
employees can participate in a system 
that is reflective of their needs and the 
needs of their workers, something this 
legislation in its current form fails to 
do entirely. 
Voting for H.R. 447 in its current 
form would mean doubling down on the 
outdated policies and bureaucratic red 
tape that too often prevents innovative 
and necessary improvements from tak-
ing place. 
This bill should be rejected. 
Mr. LEVIN of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from 
Maryland (Mr. TRONE), a colleague who 
knows a little bit about how to help 
business in this country. 
b 0945 
Mr. TRONE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to urge support for my amend-
ment, which addresses the barriers to 
finding a job that justice-impacted in-
dividuals face when they leave prison. 
Stable employment is one of the sin-
gle biggest factors for determining 
whether Americans who have been in-
carcerated will return to prison or jail. 
Returning citizens face significant bar-
riers to employment, with an unem-
ployment rate five times higher than 
the national average. 
My amendment will help support the 
establishment and expansion of the ap-
prenticeship 
and 
pre-apprenticeship 
workforce training programs in all 
Federal correctional facilities. It will 
reduce recidivism and help formerly in-
carcerated individuals lead productive 
lives and build strong communities. 
The criminal justice system in the 
United States is anything but just. We 
can fix it. It is time to lead with com-
passion. It is time to focus on rehabili-
tation, not retribution. It is time to 
give those who serve their time, and 
are trying to start a new life, a second 
chance. 
Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD 
a communication from the Signatory 
Wall and Ceiling Contractors Alliance, 
and I urge bipartisan support. 
SWACCA, 
January 29, 2021. 
Hon. ROBERT C. SCOTT, 
Chairman, Committee on Education and Labor, 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
DEAR
CHAIRMAN
SCOTT: I write to you 
today on behalf of the Signatory Wall and 
Ceiling Contractors Alliance (SWACCA) to 
advise you of our strong support for H.R. 447, 
the ‘‘National Apprenticeship Act of 2021.’’ 
SWACCA is a national association rep-
resenting construction company owners em-
ploying 
tens 
of 
thousands 
of 
laborers, 
drywall finishers, plasterers, and carpenters 
who perform billions of dollars of framing, 
drywall, ceiling, and other interior systems 
work 
annually 
throughout 
the 
United 
States. SWACCA prides itself on serving as a 
voice for responsible employers. Our member 
companies pay their workers for every hour 
worked, as well as overtime when their work 
exceeds forty hours in a week. They also pro-
vide middle-class wages, sponsor training 
programs, and offer retirement and health 
benefits. 
As signatory employers, we have a long 
history of working with our union partners 
to create and sustain rigorous, high-quality 
registered 
apprenticeship 
programs. 
Our 
members understand that registered appren-
ticeship programs are one of the key factors 
in ensuring they can continue to provide the 
high quality, efficient construction services 
that enable them to be profitable while pro-
viding jobs with family-sustaining wages and 
benefits. As such, we appreciate you and 
your Committee’s efforts to maintain and 
strengthen the nation’s registered appren-
ticeship system. 
Your legislation would inject much needed 
funding with the aim of expanding access to 
registered apprenticeships, pre-apprentice-
ships, and youth apprenticeships across the 
country. This new funding will serve as a 
critical supplement to the investment our 
members make to support these important 
programs. H.R. 447 would also codify and 
streamline existing standards for registered 
apprenticeship programs and expand those 
standards to cover preapprenticeship and 
youth 
apprenticeship 
programs. 
Impor-
tantly, H.R. 447 also includes provisions to 
codify the role of the Office of Apprentice-
ship at the Department of Labor. It also 
strengthens the standing of the National Ad-
visory Committee on Apprenticeships within 
the Department of Labor so that it can pro-
vide seasoned, expert recommendations to 
the Secretary of Labor on how to improve 
the nation’s apprenticeship programs. 
Thank you again for your efforts to expand 
and strengthen the nation’s registered ap-
prenticeship programs. We look forward to 
working with you to swiftly enact this criti-
cally important legislation into law. If I can 
be of assistance in the future, please do not 
hesitate to reach out. 
Sincerely, 
SCOTT CASABONA, 
President. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania (Mr. SMUCKER). 
Mr. SMUCKER. Mr. Speaker, this bill 
today is a missed opportunity, a missed 
opportunity for people all across this 
country to live their own American 
Dream, to access the jobs that are 
available in this country. This is at a 
time when millions have lost their jobs 
due to this pandemic. 
Why? Because Democrats are more 
interested 
in 
protecting 
the 
labor 
unions than they are in helping the 94 
percent of the private-sector workforce 
that is not part of a labor union and in 
helping the millions of individuals who 
are not able to access the workforce at 
all. 
It is a shame. You should be ashamed 
of yourselves. I know because I owned 
a nonunion construction company that 
was unable to start an apprenticeship 
program due to union pushback. 
Now, I will agree with you, construc-
tion labor unions have a great training 
program. I have seen them firsthand. 
But why not expand that to other con-
struction companies and other indus-
tries? 
All of us know that in the United 
States, we are far behind many Euro-
pean countries in the apprenticeship 
programs that we offer in many dif-
ferent industries, and it affects the 
American worker and the opportunities 
that they have. This bill doubles down 
on that system. 
What we need is more innovation to 
allow more individuals and more fami-
lies to achieve their own American 
Dream, and the Democrats are wholly 
failing to do so in this bill. 
Mr. LEVIN of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, 
I look forward to discussing with my 
colleague a program that allows work-
ers to unionize in the United States as 
freely as they do in Europe, and we 
achieve the same level of unionization 
those countries with larger numbers of 
apprenticeships have. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the 
gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. 
ADAMS), a member of the Committee 
on Education and Labor and the chair-
woman of the Subcommittee for Work-
force Protections. 
Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in strong support of the National 
Apprenticeship Act of 2021. 
By creating nearly 1 million new ap-
prenticeship opportunities and yielding 
over $10 billion in net benefits, this leg-
islation is a lifeline for our economy 
and for countless Americans, including 
those in my home State of North Caro-
lina. 
With a proven track record of suc-
cess, we know this is a safe and smart 
investment, something our country 
desperately needs right now. 
I am also pleased that this legisla-
tion includes a bill which I led with 
Representative MONDAIRE
JONES, the 
Apprenticeship Access for All Act, lan-
guage that will advance programs that 
promote the recruitment, employment, 
and retention of people of color, indi-
viduals with disabilities, and individ-
uals facing barriers to employment, es-
pecially in high-skill, high-wage, and 
in-demand sectors and occupations. 
After all, we must be sure that every-
one has access to opportunity. 
This vote is about ensuring our work-
force gets the investment it needs and 
the support it deserves. This vote is 
about showing the American people 
that they are seen, that they are heard, 
and that we deeply care about pro-
viding them pathways to a stable fu-
ture. This vote is also about upholding 
Congress’ commitment and obligation 
to serve every American. 
I urge support. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Geor-
gia (Mr. CARTER). 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today in opposition to the Na-
tional Apprenticeship Act. 
Like so many issues we debate here, 
we have a common desire to help the 
American 
people, 
but 
we 
disagree 
about how to go about doing it. 
In today’s case, it is apprenticeships. 
We agree apprenticeships are incredible 
pathways to success. An amazing 94 
percent of apprentices are employed 
after completing registered apprentice-
ships with good-paying salaries. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00022
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.013
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 21-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H413 
February 5, 2021 
I know in my situation, when I owned 
my own business, apprenticeships were 
a great way for people to become em-
ployed in our business. However, only a 
small fraction of the workforce partici-
pates in the registered programs. This 
is because the Department of Labor’s 
apprenticeship program is too burden-
some and prescriptive for the actual 
needs of American businesses. 
The diversity and variety of Amer-
ican businesses is a highlight of our 
economy and essential to our constant 
innovation. If a business has created an 
apprenticeship model that meets their 
needs, that should be celebrated and 
not forced into the Department of La-
bor’s model. 
Rather than update the outdated pro-
gram that was created in 1937 to fit the 
needs of our modern economy, this bill 
would double down on this one-size- 
fits-all Federal registered apprentice-
ship system. 
The previous administration recog-
nized the need for flexible apprentice-
ships by creating an Industry-Recog-
nized Apprenticeship Program. This 
would have allowed for third-party cer-
tifiers to approve apprenticeships that 
are responsive to employer and work-
force needs. Instead, this legislation 
fails to anticipate the future of appren-
ticeship programs in a 21st century 
economy. 
What is worse is it picks winners and 
losers 
by 
favoring 
apprenticeship 
grants for those who partner with labor 
organizations rather than awarding 
them based on merit. This would se-
verely limit and stifle our ability to 
meet the needs for our future. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose this 
resolution so we don’t leave behind fu-
ture apprenticeship opportunities. 
Mr. LEVIN of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman 
from Georgia (Mrs. MCBATH), a member 
of the Committee on Education and 
Labor. 
Mrs. MCBATH. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of H.R. 447, the Na-
tional Apprenticeship Act of 2021. 
We are still in the midst of our coun-
try’s worst economic crisis in decades, 
and to better serve the American peo-
ple, we must invest in a workforce, in-
vest in the American Dream. 
Registered apprenticeships prepare 
people for the jobs of the 21st century. 
They make our cities, our States, and 
our country stronger and far more 
competitive. 
By supporting registered apprentice-
ship programs, we can ensure that my 
great State of Georgia remains the best 
State in the country in which to live 
and do business. 
For decades, the Registered Appren-
ticeship Program has proven to be an 
entryway for many into the middle 
class, and the National Apprenticeship 
Act would inject much-needed funding 
to support a successful workforce pro-
gram at a time when our Nation truly 
needs it the most. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
legislation. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Vir-
ginia (Mr. GOOD). 
Mr. GOOD of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise in opposition to the National Ap-
prenticeship Act. 
Republicans and Democrats agree 
that apprenticeships are important for 
workforce development. Unfortunately, 
House Democrats think that Federal 
bureaucrats, who rely on an almost 
century-old system, should manage all 
apprenticeship 
programs, 
not 
busi-
nesses and job creators. 
This legislation represents a classic 
Democrat one-size-fits-all approach, as 
it would make the existing Registered 
Apprenticeship Program the only op-
tion for businesses. Registered pro-
grams are only a small fraction of total 
apprenticeships, 
representing 
only 
about 20 percent of apprenticeships in 
2019. 
Instead of reducing options and in-
creasing bureaucracy, Republicans sup-
port policies that maximize flexibility 
and innovation, like President Trump’s 
landmark and highly successful Indus-
try-Recognized 
Apprenticeship 
Pro-
gram. 
It is tragic that during a time of his-
toric unemployment, the House of Rep-
resentatives is taking up a bill that sti-
fles employment and workforce devel-
opment opportunities when we need it 
least. 
I stand in opposition to H.R. 447. 
Mr. LEVIN of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, 
may I inquire of the time remaining. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Michigan has 163⁄4 minutes 
remaining. 
The 
gentlewoman 
from 
North Carolina has 131⁄2 minutes re-
maining. 
Mr. LEVIN of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from 
the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. 
SABLAN), a member of the Committee 
on Education and Labor and my es-
teemed colleague. 
Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
support of H.R. 447. 
Apprenticeships are well recognized 
as a way to help local economies grow 
by providing career opportunities for 
young people. However, the current na-
tional apprenticeship system does not 
adequately support the creation of ap-
prenticeships in the Marianas and 
other insular areas. That inequity ends 
today. 
H.R. 447 incorporates my bill, the 
Outlying Area Apprenticeship Expan-
sion Act, which I introduced in the last 
Congress. My bill provides $2.5 million 
over 5 years for the Marianas to create 
and expand apprenticeships, and it pro-
vides more than $11.2 million for the 
insular areas in total. 
Our island schools already equip stu-
dents with the skills employers seek. 
With these additional funds and par-
ticipation in the national apprentice-
ship program, we will be able to build 
that connection between what was 
learned in the classroom and real-world 
work. With widespread unemployment 
due to the coronavirus, that link is 
needed now more than ever. 
I thank Chairman SCOTT for includ-
ing the outlying areas in this program 
and for his work to update this law 
first enacted in 1937. 
Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD 
a statement from the Association of 
Woodworking and Furnishings Sup-
pliers. 
[From AWFS, Jan. 29, 2021] 
AWFS STANDS IN SUPPORT OF NATIONAL 
APPRENTICESHIP ACT OF 2021 
ANAHEIM, CA.—The Association of Wood-
working 
and 
Furnishings 
Suppliers® 
(AWFS®), a national trade association for 
the wood industry and owner/operator of the 
AWFS®Fair trade show, is in support of the 
National Apprenticeship Act of 2021. AWFS 
has officially signed on as a supporter of the 
Act. 
‘‘Our industry, comprised primarily of 
small businesses, is experiencing a skills 
gap,’’ says AWFS Executive Vice President 
Angelo Gangone. ‘‘We need to utilize all 
tools and resources available to us to attract 
and train new talent, including apprentice-
ships.’’ 
The expanded opportunities to Registered 
Apprenticeships, youth apprenticeships, and 
pre-apprenticeships made available through 
the National Apprenticeship Act of 2021 will 
help small wood manufacturers who lack the 
capacity to create an apprenticeship on their 
own. Congressman Robert Scott (D-VA–3), 
Chairman of the House Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor has introduced the bill 
(H.R. 447), an amendment of the National Ap-
prenticeship Act of 1937. According to Rep. 
Scott, the Act ‘‘will begin to bring America’s 
investments in apprenticeship more in line 
with countries around the world’’ as ‘‘our 
peer industrialized nations spend roughly six 
times as much as a share of GDP on appren-
ticeships as the U.S.’’ 
‘‘There are multiple successful U.S. ap-
prenticeship models comprised of companies 
collaborating together and with local school 
and community partners.’’ says Gangone. 
‘‘This is a critical element that will help us 
solve the workforce gap and strengthen our 
industry into the future.’’ The Act’s encour-
agement for employers, industry associa-
tions, labor and joint labor-management or-
ganizations, education and training pro-
viders, credential providers, and apprentices 
to work together to establish and expand ap-
prenticeships will have a meaningful impact 
on the skilled workforce and the future of in-
dustry careers. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Idaho 
(Mr. FULCHER). 
Mr. FULCHER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
opposition to H.R. 447, the National Ap-
prenticeship Act. 
This bill invites continued Federal 
rules that hinder Idaho’s ability to use 
industry-based standards. 
There is a lot of success with appren-
ticeships in Idaho. From companies 
like Idaho Power, Micron Technology, 
and St. Luke’s Hospital to small busi-
nesses of all types, apprenticeships are 
crucial to job growth in the Gem State. 
These businesses partner with col-
leges and universities across my State, 
connecting skill development to col-
lege degrees from regionally accredited 
schools. 
Whether it is Idaho Power partnering 
with the College of Southern Idaho or 
the many small entrepreneurs working 
with schools like College of Western 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00023
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.015
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 22-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H414 
February 5, 2021 
Idaho, North Idaho College, Lewis- 
Clark State College, and others, busi-
nesses need the flexibility to use ap-
proved third parties to certify appren-
ticeship programs. 
Make no mistake, Idahoans are used 
to dealing with heavy-handed Federal 
bureaucracy. Despite long wait times 
for approval by the Federal Depart-
ment of Labor, our State officials con-
tinue to succeed in setting up appren-
ticeship programs. But often, Idaho’s 
labor officials must use existing occu-
pations because the Federal Depart-
ment of Labor doesn’t have standards 
for new ones. 
Why make it harder by removing 
qualified third parties that can approve 
industry-recognized 
apprenticeship 
programs needed for our economy? 
Why eliminate the opportunity for 
employees to participate in industry- 
based programs where they can go to 
school, get paid work experience, and 
earn an industry credential? 
Idaho’s economy has been resilient, 
despite government intervention due to 
COVID. Last year, I said if the govern-
ment shut down the economy, it had an 
obligation to help open it back up. 
We should not hamper companies 
trying to create apprenticeship pro-
grams for the types of jobs they need. 
We should help industry by freeing 
them to develop high-quality, high- 
paying jobs for the future. 
We should give jobseekers more op-
portunities to grow and succeed, not 
with Federal boundaries, but only by 
the limits of their imaginations. 
It is for these reasons I vote ‘‘no’’ on 
H.R. 447. 
b 1000 
Mr. LEVIN of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman 
from Wisconsin (Mr. POCAN), another 
colleague with direct experience of the 
value of registered apprenticeships to 
our companies and our workers, and a 
member of the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor. 
Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, as a proud 
member of the International Union of 
Painters and Allied Trades, as a co- 
chair of the Labor Caucus, and a proud 
member of the Education and Labor 
Committee, I rise in strong support of 
the National Apprenticeship Act. 
With such high unemployment, the 
bill before us seeks to invest $3.5 bil-
lion over 5 years to expand access to 
registered 
apprenticeships 
across 
America. Almost 1 million new appren-
ticeship opportunities will result from 
the enactment of this bill, leading to 
good-paying, 
family-supporting 
jobs 
across the country. 
So what are registered apprentice-
ships? 
Well, they are a great way to earn 
and learn. You get paid for your work 
while learning the skills you need to 
master your trade at the same time. 
Not everyone chooses a path of higher 
education, but everyone wants to earn 
a good family-supporting wage for 
their hard work. Apprenticeships are a 
perfect way for many who fit this defi-
nition. From medical work to con-
struction and more, apprenticeships 
mean advanced opportunities for so 
many. 
My home State of Wisconsin is a pio-
neer in this area. We enacted the Na-
tion’s first apprenticeship law in 1911. 
The results of our experience back 
home have been clear: They lead to a 
stronger, smarter, and more skilled 
workforce. 
Federally, the case for supporting 
registered apprenticeships is compel-
ling. According to data from the De-
partment of Labor, 94 percent of people 
who complete a registered apprentice-
ship are employed upon completion, 
and their average starting wage is 
above $70,000. 
We were fortunate to support more 
than 14,000 apprenticeships in Wis-
consin last year for over 3,000 employ-
ers and over 200 occupations. I look for-
ward to that total growing dramati-
cally following the enactment of to-
day’s bill. 
I urge all of my colleagues to vote for 
this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD 
this letter of support for the National 
Apprenticeship Act from the AFL–CIO. 
AFL–CIO, 
February 4, 2021. 
DEAR
REPRESENTATIVE: 
The 
AFL-CIO, 
urges you to support the National Appren-
ticeship Act of 2021 (H.R. 447), scheduled for 
floor consideration this week. H.R. 447 recog-
nizes that Registered Apprenticeship pro-
grams are the ‘gold standard’ in our nation’s 
workforce development system, and we wel-
come this effort to modernize a law that has 
not been meaningfully updated since it was 
enacted 83 years ago. 
Unions and our signatory employers have a 
long history of establishing joint labor man-
agement partnerships to design and imple-
ment Registered Apprenticeship programs, 
so we have a deep interest in maintaining 
and strengthening our nation’s Registered 
Apprenticeship system. These programs pro-
vide good jobs with good wages and benefits 
that increase as apprentices build their 
skills. They provide a valuable credential 
that can help secure future employment and 
advancement along a rewarding career path, 
and the opportunities they provide are par-
ticularly important for women, people of 
color and veterans. 
H.R. 447 authorizes significant new funding 
to expand registered apprenticeships, pre-ap-
prenticeships, and youth apprenticeships in 
the United States. It would codify and 
streamline existing standards that are vital 
to support apprentices, and would, for the 
first time, include youth apprenticeship and 
pre-apprenticeship 
programs. 
The 
House 
Education and Labor Committee estimates 
that H.R. 447 will create over 1 million Reg-
istered Apprenticeship opportunities over 
the next 5 years. 
H.R. 447 would also codify the role of the 
Office of Apprenticeship at the Department 
of Labor, and provide funding streams to en-
sure oversight and technical assistance. Im-
portantly, it would expand Registered Ap-
prenticeship opportunities into new sectors 
of the workforce. The bill also establishes 
standards for state apprenticeship agencies, 
including a requirement that they develop a 
state plan to support Registered Apprentice-
ships and provide technical assistance. Fi-
nally, the bill strengthens the National Ad-
visory Committee on Apprenticeship, ensur-
ing that experts from industry and labor 
have a role in improving the program. 
Registered Apprenticeships are America’s 
most successful federally authorized work-
force development program, employing 94 
percent of those who complete a program. 
H.R. 447 will help ensure that these programs 
meet the highest possible quality standards 
and support family sustaining jobs. 
We urge you to support H.R. 447 and to op-
pose any amendments that would weaken 
the bill approved for consideration by the 
full House. 
Sincerely, 
WILLIAM SAMUEL, 
Director, 
Government Affairs. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Wis-
consin (Mr. GROTHMAN). 
Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Speaker, ap-
prenticeship programs are incredibly 
important for job growth in the State 
of Wisconsin and around the Nation; 
and insofar as this bill highlights ap-
prenticeships, that is a good thing. 
I was talking again to one of our pro-
grams this morning in Wisconsin, and 
they could desperately use more people 
going through these apprenticeships 
and making these $70-, $80-, $90,000-a- 
year jobs. 
I think it is particularly important 
to get more people in the trades be-
cause we have so many people going to 
4-year universities and maybe they 
wind up going to apprenticeship 5 or 6 
years later, maybe they wind up heavy 
in debt. If they had made the move to 
a construction apprenticeship earlier 
on, they would be a lot better. 
Unfortunately, this bill is not quite 
exactly what we need. The registered 
apprenticeship program through the 
Department of Labor is important. For 
many employers it works fine. How-
ever, it is a one-size-fits-all approach. 
In fiscal year 2019, over 250,000 individ-
uals entered registered apprenticeships 
and only 81,000 graduated from the sys-
tem. 
Over the years, some employers have 
expressed that participation in reg-
istered apprenticeships allows the De-
partment of Labor to dictate skills an 
employer must provide to apprentices 
in specific industries rather than al-
lowing the business to determine that 
themselves. Let’s face it, employers 
know what kind of on-the-job training 
and vocational education their appren-
tices need more than the Federal Gov-
ernment does. 
IRAPs still would have to comply 
with Federal standards and would have 
been overseen by third parties, such as 
trade and industry groups, nonprofit 
organizations, unions, and joint labor 
management organizations. 
Of course, the idea of the IRAPs has 
totally shut down, probably for two 
reasons. It took control of the appren-
ticeship program out of the hands of 
the Federal Government. And, quite 
frankly, it was an idea proposed by 
Donald Trump, who did a lot of good 
things. 
Our workforce is evolving. So should 
our models of job training and appren-
ticeships. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:29 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00024
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.017
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 23-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H415 
February 5, 2021 
I have also offered an amendment to 
this bill concerning the definition of 
recognized postsecondary credential. 
Under the bill, recognized postsec-
ondary credential has a meaning, given 
the definition in the Workforce Innova-
tion Opportunity Act. That definition 
should specifically include technical 
diplomas and degrees, which differ 
from general associate degrees. I look 
forward to revisiting that when the 
House brings up WIOA for reauthoriza-
tion. 
Mr. LEVIN of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from 
New York (Mr. SUOZZI), co-chair of the 
Labor Caucus. 
Mr. SUOZZI. Mr. Speaker, as co-chair 
of the Labor Caucus, I rise in support 
of the National Apprenticeship Act. 
The Labor Caucus advocates for Amer-
ica’s working men and women, and this 
legislation helps America’s working 
men and women. 
You see, America continues to create 
enormous wealth, and that is a good 
thing. The problem, however, is that 
wealth has not been shared with the 
people who go to work every day. 
Since the 1980s, the Dow Jones has 
gone up 1,500 percent, 15 times, and the 
GDP has gone up 800 percent, 8 times, 
but workers’ wages have increased by 
less than 20 percent. 
Everybody in America believes, or 
should believe, that if you are willing 
to go to work every day, you should 
make enough money so that you can 
buy a home, have health insurance, and 
retire one day without being scared. 
Unfortunately, that is no longer a re-
ality in America. 
We know the more you learn, the 
more you earn. Sixty percent of Ameri-
cans, however, do not graduate from 
college. Working with President Biden, 
the Apprenticeship Act will make the 
skills necessary to be a welder, a 
plumber, a computer machinist, a car-
penter, or a skilled laborer available so 
American working men and women, 
whether they go to college or not, can 
live the American Dream again. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Michi-
gan (Mr. WALBERG). 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
opposition to H.R. 447, the National Ap-
prenticeship Act, not opposition to the 
gold standard, labor union apprentice-
ship programs. 
Updating our national apprenticeship 
system is an important discussion to 
have. However, this bill fails to deliver 
on the goal of strengthening our reg-
istered apprenticeship system and ex-
panding earn-and-learn opportunities 
for Americans across the Nation. 
Our country’s workforce is facing a 
unique crisis, and we must ensure that 
our apprenticeship programs, the sys-
tem is expanding in the process. The 
apprenticeship system is up to the task 
to meet the needs of our evolving 
workforce only as we move it forward. 
For instance, the COVID–19 crisis has 
highlighted that connectivity and the 
digital world are an integral part of 
our daily lives. Developing a high- 
skilled workforce is critical as we seek 
to expand technologies like broadband 
and 5G to underserved areas across the 
country, including my own district in 
Michigan. 
New research indicates winning the 
global race to 5G will create up to 4.6 
million jobs and contribute $1.7 trillion 
to the U.S. economy over the next dec-
ade. However, unless the U.S. has a 
large enough and properly trained 
workforce, we will not be able to fully 
reap the economic and technological 
benefits of 5G. 
Apprenticeships are a proven solu-
tion for meeting workforce needs, espe-
cially in wireless technologies. Con-
gress and the Department of Labor 
should be laser focused on encouraging 
and incentivizing apprenticeships for 
5G and advanced wireless deployment. 
Unfortunately, the bill we are consid-
ering would hinder the flexibility of 
employers to create earn-and-learn 
programs to teach job seekers the 
skills they need to build out and deploy 
the 5G and wireless infrastructure 
America so desperately needs. 
For these reasons, I must oppose and 
encourage all others to oppose H.R. 447, 
and urge my colleagues to work on a 
bipartisan solution that will empower 
workers and employers to create ap-
prenticeships that are responsive to 
our modern economy. 
Mr. LEVIN of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman 
from Pennsylvania (Ms. WILD), a dy-
namic member of the Committee on 
Education and Labor. 
Ms. WILD. Mr. Speaker, in November 
of last year, I stood in this Chamber to 
support this legislation, the bipartisan 
National 
Apprenticeship 
Act. 
The 
House passed it, but the Senate failed 
to put it up for a vote. We need to seize 
this opportunity. 
Revitalizing our apprenticeship sys-
tem is not a Democratic or Republican 
priority. It is a national priority for 
workers across our country. It is essen-
tial to our task of building an economy 
that provides a wider, sturdier bridge 
to the middle class. 
For every dollar invested in our reg-
istered apprenticeship system, we see a 
return of $28 in benefits. But the U.S. 
invests only $195 of public money per 
apprentice, while our Canadian neigh-
bors spend $1,300 per apprentice. We are 
leaving too many communities behind 
and at risk of getting outpaced in the 
world economy. 
Now is the time to invest in the 
American worker. This bill makes 
long-term investments and provides 
grants for employers to incentivize the 
hiring of apprentices, and it provides 
workers with the opportunity to earn 
while they learn and obtain portable 
credentials without incurring signifi-
cant debt. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on 
this bill. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania (Mr. PERRY). 
Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, we all 
want to help. We all want to help the 
people in our community find their 
way; do better for themselves; seek the 
opportunities that support themselves, 
their dreams, and their families. 
Now, this bill establishes ratios of 
journeymen and apprentices on the job. 
What does that mean? 
That means you have to have some-
body watching when somebody is pull-
ing wire, you have to have somebody 
watching when somebody is learning to 
sweat joints because you have got to 
make sure it is done right, you have 
got to make sure it is done safely. And 
that is great. That ratio is going to be 
established 
by 
the 
Department 
of 
Labor based on something—hopefully 
by people in the trade that know what 
they are doing. 
But this is what it also does: It says 
that if you have a collective bargaining 
agreement, you don’t have to worry 
about those ratios. You can make your 
own up. So the union and the business 
can make their own, but everybody 
else has to use the Department of 
Labor standards. 
Ladies and gentlemen, one standard 
for all. If it is good for the goose, it is 
good for the gander. This is picking 
winners and losers. This is saying, if 
you are not in a union, you have got to 
have a different standard. Oh, by the 
way, the different standard is it is al-
ways more expensive for you than it is 
for the union. Oh, by the way, we see 
that all the time. 
Additionally, this bill prevents enti-
ties not affiliated with the union from 
obtaining Title II grants, the grants we 
are talking about in this bill. They 
can’t get them. You have to be in a 
union. 
Ladies and gentlemen, I hope you see 
what this is. It is okay for me, but not 
for thee. It is the same old thing in 
Washington, D.C., and it is the same 
thing we are seeing around the coun-
try: If you are hooked up with the 
elite, if you are hooked up with the en-
titled class, you get the fruit. If you 
are not, you get punished, you are left 
out in the cold. 
Ladies and gentlemen, we want to see 
one standard. We all want to help our 
friends and we all want to help the peo-
ple in our community realize their 
dream. But picking winners and losers, 
which is exactly what this does, actu-
ally keeps people out of work, in-
creases the price, and picks winners 
and losers. That is not what our Gov-
ernment is supposed to be doing. That 
is not what we are supposed to be 
doing. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on 
this bill. 
Mr. LEVIN of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, 
I would just point out that the grants 
in Title II do not have mandatory part-
ners. They require partners to the ex-
tent practicable in a given situation. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the 
gentleman from Indiana (Mr. MRVAN), 
a member of the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor, and a new champion 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00025
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.019
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 24-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H416 
February 5, 2021 
for workers in this House of Represent-
atives. 
Mr. MRVAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of H.R. 447, the Na-
tional Apprenticeship Act of 2021. 
It is my distinct honor to be a mem-
ber of the House Education and Labor 
Committee, and I am encouraged to see 
the consideration of this critical piece 
of legislation as a priority before the 
House so early in the 117th Congress. 
Labor organizations and their ap-
prenticeship programs are the back-
bone of northwest Indiana’s economy. 
Time and time again, I have worked 
hand in hand with labor, civic groups, 
and faith-based organizations to get 
people who need a career into a union 
apprenticeship program. 
For the past 15 years, as an adminis-
trator of emergency financial assist-
ance, I have sat across the desk of 
neighbors, friends, and constituents 
who have an urgency for opportunity 
to provide for their families. This legis-
lation creates life-changing economic 
opportunities. These types of programs 
are invaluable to provide all individ-
uals with a lifelong skill set, a job that 
pays a family-supporting wage, a safe 
working environment, and secure re-
tirement. 
I appreciate the legislation that aims 
to increase diversity and equitable ac-
cess for women to apprenticeship pro-
grams so that all individuals can have 
access to good-paying jobs. 
Mr. Speaker, I appreciate this, and I 
ask my colleagues to join me in sup-
porting this legislation and the dignity 
of all workers. 
Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD 
a letter of support from the Inter-
national Association of Bridge, Struc-
tural, Ornamental and Reinforcing Iron 
Workers. 
INTERNATIONAL
ASSOCIATION
OF 
BRIDGE, 
STRUCTURAL, 
ORNA-
MENTAL
AND
REINFORCING
IRON 
WORKERS, 
Washington, DC, February 1, 2021. 
Hon. ROBERT SCOTT, 
Chairman, U.S. House Committee on Education 
and Labor, Washington, DC. 
DEAR CHAIRMAN SCOTT: On behalf of the 
160,000 members of the International Asso-
ciation of Bridge, Structural, Ornamental 
and Reinforcing Iron Workers (IW), I write to 
endorse H.R. 447, the National Apprentice-
ship Act of 2021. 
The original National Apprenticeship Act 
was enacted during the Great Depression and 
it helped struggling Americans by offering 
them an opportunity to learn a skilled trade 
while earning a middle-class wage. That was 
over 80 years ago, and a lot has changed 
since then. H.R. 447 is needed to update the 
law to reflect a 21st century economy and 
labor force ready to work during these un-
precedented times. 
Investing in our country’s workforce by ex-
panding the registered apprenticeship pro-
gram is needed now more than ever. With 
record-high unemployment numbers across 
the country, registered apprenticeships offer 
people the opportunity to learn a high 
skilled trade while earning a family-sup-
porting 
wage. 
H.R. 
447 
will 
not 
only 
strengthen current registered apprenticeship 
programs but also create programs to meet 
the demand. 
The IW supports H.R. 447 and asks all the 
members of the Education and Labor Com-
mittee to vote for this bipartisan bill with-
out any harmful amendments. 
Sincerely, 
ERIC DEAN, 
General President. 
b 1015 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, my colleague on the 
other side of the aisle says that these 
grants are not restricted to union pro-
grams, or programs that are associated 
with unions. But the language in the 
bill is ‘‘to the extent practicable pro-
grams should be connected with the 
union.’’ That term is not defined. 
The Department of Labor can arbi-
trarily deny grants to nonunion pro-
grams. There is no accountability for 
this. In fact, there is very little ac-
countability in this bill at all. And the 
American people want to know where 
their hardworking tax dollars are being 
spent. This is just a lousy bill and we 
ought not to be passing it in these con-
ditions. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. LEVIN of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from 
New York (Mr. JONES), another new 
and valued member on the Committee 
on Education and Labor. 
Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, the econ-
omy has been left in ruins by the prior 
administration’s 
historic 
failure 
of 
leadership. Now, millions of Americans 
are out of work and we must remember 
that it is people with disabilities, peo-
ple of color, and especially women of 
color, who have been the hardest hit. 
As Members of Congress, we must do 
all we can to ensure everyone—and I do 
mean everyone—can live in dignity. 
That is why I support the National Ap-
prenticeship Act of 2021 which will cre-
ate 1 million new apprenticeships. 
This bill includes the Apprenticeship 
Access for All Act, which I am proud to 
have coauthored with my colleague, 
Congresswoman ALMA ADAMS. This leg-
islation will help remove racist and 
ableist barriers to employment of our 
national apprenticeship system, be-
cause everyone deserves a good-paying 
job no matter your race or your abil-
ity. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
As my other colleagues have pointed 
out, millions of workers will need 
reskilling due to the pandemic-related 
job loss and displacement, not to men-
tion the devastating executive orders 
signed by President Biden which elimi-
nated in one day hundreds of thousands 
of jobs. 
The World Economic Forum dis-
cusses this issue at length in their re-
cent report titled: ‘‘The Future of Jobs 
Report 2020.’’ In the report, they point 
to a double disruption scenario impact-
ing workers due to both automation 
and COVID–19 workplace disruptions. 
This double disruption is further re-
inforced in their findings that 84 per-
cent of employers are set to rapidly 
digitalize 
working 
processes. 
And, 
again, as I mentioned, they don’t even 
take into consideration what President 
Biden has done to eliminate hundreds 
of thousands, and it could be millions 
of jobs. 
The demand for reskilling workers is 
high, and we will be left chasing the 
need of our workforce with the current 
one-size-fits-all 
approach 
this 
bill 
seeks to enshrine into law. 
As in-demand skills evolve into the 
years to come, the skills gap will con-
tinue to grow in the absence of for-
ward-thinking reform. Again, I urge 
my colleagues on the other side of the 
aisle to join Republicans in creating 
new apprenticeship pathways through 
innovative models such as the indus-
try-recognized apprenticeship model. I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. LEVIN of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, 
may I inquire as to how much time re-
mains. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Michigan has 91⁄2 minutes 
remaining. 
The 
gentlewoman 
from 
North Carolina has 31⁄4 minutes remain-
ing. 
Mr. LEVIN of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman 
from North Carolina (Ms. MANNING), 
another new member of the Committee 
on Education and Labor and a native 
Michigander. 
Ms. MANNING. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to speak in favor of the National 
Apprenticeship Act of 2021. 
We are living in a time of record job 
loss with 10 million people out of work 
and many businesses devastated by 
this pandemic. That is why this legisla-
tion is critical. 
We must invest in helping people 
gain the skills they need to prepare for 
high-quality jobs that earn good wages. 
This apprenticeship act will do exactly 
that, including those with barriers to 
employment. 
This investment is projected to yield 
$10.6 billion in net benefits to U.S. tax-
payers by increasing their productivity 
and decreasing spending on public as-
sistance programs and unemployment 
insurance. Equally important, it will 
help countless Americans achieve the 
dignity of providing for their families 
and the satisfaction of having good 
jobs. 
This is exactly the kind of invest-
ment that will help us build back bet-
ter. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. LEVIN of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman 
from Ohio (Ms. KAPTUR), who has been 
fighting for workers and small busi-
nesses in this House for decades. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman is reminded to put on her 
mask. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I include 
in the RECORD
support for this bill 
from the National Electrical Contrac-
tors Association. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00026
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.020
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 25-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H417 
February 5, 2021 
[From NECA, February 1, 2021] 
Media Contact: Matt Kraus, Director, Com-
munications National Electrical Con-
tractors Association. 
The National Electrical Contractors Asso-
ciation issued the following statement in 
support of the National Apprenticeship Act 
of 2021: 
‘‘The National Apprenticeship Act of 2021 
is a direct investment in our workforce, the 
trades, and the entire electrical construction 
industry. It will invest more than $3.5 billion 
toward expanding opportunities and access 
to apprenticeships in the United States in 
the next five years, totaling nearly 1 million 
new apprenticeship opportunities. NECA sup-
ports the National Apprenticeship Act and 
encourages Congress to push this legislation 
forward to help grow America’s skilled work-
force.’’ 
ABOUT THE NATIONAL ELECTRICAL 
CONTRACTORS ASSOCIATION 
NECA is the voice of the $171 billion elec-
trical construction industry that brings 
power, light and communication technology 
to buildings and communities across the 
United States. NECA’s national office and 
118 local chapters advance the industry 
through advocacy, education, research and 
standards 
development. 
Go 
to 
www.necanet.org for more information. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
strong support for H.R. 447, the Na-
tional Apprenticeship Act of 2021. 
In the middle of this global pandemic 
and economic crisis, Americans need 
hope and they need work. Today’s leg-
islation is a meaningful step to in-
crease access to registered apprentice-
ships. Apprenticeships remain one of 
the most successful workforce develop-
ment programs for new entrants and 
those seeking a new career. 
According to the Department of 
Labor, 94 percent of people who com-
plete apprenticeships are employed 
upon completion and earn an average 
salary of over $70,000. As a Representa-
tive for the cities of Toledo, Lorain, 
Sandusky, Cleveland, and Parma, all of 
which boast a strong automotive herit-
age, it is difficult to overemphasize the 
value 
of 
these 
apprenticeships 
for 
young people and adults starting ca-
reers in the automotive trades. 
So whether it is the expertise to re-
build an engine, replace a battery in a 
hybrid vehicle, perfect biofuels, or TIG 
weld the rear quarter panel of an old 
Wagoneer, there will always be a mar-
ket for skilled craftspeople who can re-
pair or restore modern and classic vehi-
cles, and invent the vehicles of the fu-
ture, as happened with my own broth-
er, Steve, who did it for many years as 
a race car driver and a patent holder. 
I strongly support this legislation for 
over a million apprenticeship opportu-
nities 
over 
the 
next 
5 
years 
to 
strengthen this economy and bring 
people the skills that are needed to op-
erate successful enterprises. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. LEVIN of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman 
from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE), a 
champion of the economic development 
of workers and of businesses at the 
local, State, and national level. 
Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, we have an obligation 
to ensure that America’s workers have 
every opportunity to get ahead. Ap-
prenticeships are a great way for hard-
working folks to hone their trade or 
learn new skills and earn a higher wage 
because of it. 
In fact, graduates of registered ap-
prenticeship programs enjoy an aver-
age starting wage of $70,000. And 94 per-
cent of graduates are employed upon 
completion. Yet, less than 1 percent of 
the American workforce have com-
pleted an apprenticeship. This dis-
connect disadvantages our workers and 
puts us behind other industrialized na-
tions. 
The National Apprenticeship Act will 
address this gap in our workforce de-
velopment system by providing for al-
most 1 million new apprenticeship po-
sitions over 5 years. And here is the 
really important part, it will generate 
$10.6 billion net benefit to taxpayers. 
So it is great for workers, great for 
our economy, and great for taxpayers. 
These investments will give our econ-
omy the booster shot it needs to re-
cover from COVID–19 while giving a 
new generation of workers the skills 
they need to achieve their American 
Dream. 
I know about this experience first-
hand. In my State, the Laborers’ Inter-
national Union of North America has 
created really a national model for ap-
prenticeship programs. It has improved 
the lives of thousands and thousands of 
Rhode Islanders. 
I include in the RECORD a letter of 
support 
from 
the 
Laborers’ 
Inter-
national Union of North America. 
LIUNA, 
February 2, 2021. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE: I write on behalf of 
the 500,000 hardworking men and women of 
the Laborers’ International Union of North 
America (LIUNA), to ask you to vote for 
H.R. 447, the National Apprenticeship Act of 
2021, when it comes to the House floor for a 
vote this week. LIUNA is proud to support 
this important Bill to keep our union ap-
prenticeship programs strong. 
Registered Apprenticeship Programs, like 
the apprenticeship programs which LIUNA 
has implemented for decades, help workers 
earn while they learn. H.R. 447 invests more 
than $3.5 billion over five 
(5) years in expanding opportunities and 
access to Registered Apprenticeship Pro-
grams and Pre-Apprenticeships Programs, 
among others. The Bill creates nearly a mil-
lion new apprenticeship opportunities on top 
of the current expected growth of the ap-
prenticeship system. It would also yield $10.6 
billion in net benefits to U.S. taxpayers in 
the form of increased worker productivity 
and decreased spending on public-assistance 
programs and unemployment insurance. The 
rigorous standards in the Bill ensure top- 
quality apprenticeship programs for workers. 
At a time when our Nation’s infrastructure 
needs are so great, H.R. 447 will ensure that 
we continue to train the best workforce in 
the world. 
Again, I ask that you vote in favor of this 
important Bill on the House floor. If any ad-
ditional information is needed, please con-
tact Danielle LeClair, Assistant Director, 
Legislative Department. 
With kind regards, I am 
Sincerely yours, 
TERRY O’SULLIVAN, 
General President. 
Mr. CICILLINE. Again, I just want to 
say in closing, Mr. Speaker, that this is 
an opportunity to respond to the eco-
nomic crisis that has been created by 
the COVID pandemic. Give people the 
skills that they need to become more 
successful and to earn greater wages. 
That is our job, after all, to make life 
better for those who we represent. This 
is an investment in the American 
worker. I urge all of my colleagues to 
join us in supporting this excellent 
piece of legislation. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. LEVIN of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman 
from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman for yielding. 
I rise with great promise to support 
H.R. 447, the National Apprenticeship 
Act of 2021, and thank the manager. I 
thank the chairman for investing $3.5 
billion over 5 years in expanding oppor-
tunities and access to registered ap-
prenticeships, youth apprenticeships, 
and pre-apprenticeships. 
Let me tell you that in this time of 
record unemployment, 10 million jobs 
lost in the United States, we need the 
opportunity to redirect and retrain the 
American public. I am a strong sup-
porter of apprenticeship programs. 
Colleges in my district, like HCC, 
have programs: independent electrical 
contractors, plumbers, masonry, that 
make a difference and have individuals 
making dollars that they have not 
made before. 
I include in the RECORD two articles. 
The first one is from the ‘‘Houston 
Chronicle,’’ and the second article is 
entitled: ‘‘Houston City Leaders Honor 
Students in Pre-Apprenticeship Pro-
gram at TRIO Electric,’’ both ref-
erencing Houston Community College. 
[From the Houston Chronicle] 
INTERESTED IN A NEW CAREER? CONSIDER AN 
APPRENTICESHIP
UNION-SPONSORED
PRO-
GRAMS BUILD SKILLS, CAREERS 
Houston Community College is restoring 
an old high school and converting it into col-
lege classrooms. And it’s using some of its 
own apprentices to do it. 
San Jacinto Senior High was built in 1960, 
and the community college is gutting it for 
new academic classrooms. The project start-
ed about a year ago, and is scheduled to be 
completed in October. 
The eight apprentices—six plumbers and 
two pipe fitters—are among the thousands of 
student workers in Houston who spend their 
days doing construction and their nights hit-
ting the books. Houston’s 11 union sponsored 
programs, including the plumbers and the 
pipe fitters, last for five years; other pro-
grams, such as ironworkers and glaziers, last 
three years. 
But once the newly minted journeymen 
and women graduate, they should have great 
skills and—if the economy cooperates—a 
great career path. 
Chuck Fell, president of CFI Mechanical, 
which is installing the plumbing, heating 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00027
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.010
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 26-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H418 
February 5, 2021 
and air conditioning in the new community 
college building, gave the group of appren-
tices a pep talk last week at the job site. 
‘‘You are learning skills,’’ Fell said to the 
plumbers and pipe fitters who are spending 
their days assembling and installing the 
massive piping systems and four hours a 
night, two nights a week in school learning 
their craft. 
Those skills can take you a long way, 
whether you opt to stay working in the craft 
or move up to foreman, superintendent or 
project manager, said Fell, who attributed 
his own success and that of nearly all of his 
project managers to their own apprentice-
ship training. 
IN-DEPTH LEARNING 
‘‘You could be an owner of a company,’’ 
said Fell, who became a plumber/pipe fitter 
apprentice in Orlando, Fla., after graduating 
from college with a degree in architecture. 
He went to work for a mechanical con-
tractor who suggested that to really learn 
the business, Fell needed to become an ap-
prentice. 
As part of that training, Fell spent two 
years at Walt Disney World’s Epcot Center 
installing the mechanical and plumbing sys-
tems. 
‘‘Set your sights high,’’ Doug Posey, direc-
tor of apprenticeship programs for Houston 
Community College, told the apprentices. 
‘‘The opportunities are just incredible to 
excel and to do great things.’’ 
Posey recalled how he put himself through 
college as a pipe fitter apprentice. He started 
his apprenticeship immediately after high 
school and eventually ended up with a degree 
in mechanical engineering from the Univer-
sity of Houston. 
PLEASED WITH PROGRAM 
While the concept of apprenticing yourself 
to a master craftsman and learning a trade 
is centuries old, it’s not exactly a well- 
known career path today. But two appren-
tices who are working on the CFI Mechanical 
project are glad they discovered the old-fash-
ioned way to learn a skill. 
Jaime Moncivais, a third-year apprentice, 
said he would never have heard about the 
program if it hadn’t been for his cousin and 
his uncle, who are foremen at the job site. He 
was working for a small company for two 
years before he left to join the program. 
Moncivais is 23 and earns about $43,000 a 
year, plus health insurance and retirement 
benefits, by working full time during the 
day. After work two nights a week, he at-
tends class for four hours. That costs him $88 
a semester. 
‘‘I’m enjoying it,’’ said Moncivais, who 
says he’s going to get his state plumbing li-
cense before he decides what’s next. 
So does his fellow apprentice Rudy Flores, 
who said he was drawn by the money. He es-
timates he earns about $50,000 a year. 
Flores, a fifth-year apprentice who has al-
ready received his state plumbing license, 
found out about the apprenticeship training 
program while working for a plumber in 
Houston who was also a former apprentice. 
He said he appreciates the intensive train-
ing of the program that sets him and the 
other apprentices apart. 
IT SENDS A MESSAGE 
‘‘We like to see institutions put their 
money where their mouth is,’’ said Richard 
Shaw, secretary-treasurer of the Harris 
County AFL-CIO. ‘‘It sends a message that 
you ought to be training our students.’’ 
Shaw has been critical of school districts 
and other community colleges for not hiring 
their own graduates when the schools need 
construction work. 
Funding for the apprenticeship programs 
comes in part from the state of Texas. But 
the bulk of the money comes from contrac-
tors and union members. 
For example, members of the plumbers 
union as well as plumbing contractors each 
contribute 55 cents per work hour for the 
training program. 
HCC is the fiscal administrator of the 
union programs as well as the two nonunion 
programs that train building engineers and 
electrical workers. 
SEEING IF THEY LIKE IT 
Calvin 
Speight, 
business 
manager 
of 
Plumbers Local Union No. 68, said he has 60 
apprentices starting in the fall and another 
30 the following semester. 
In the meantime, they’re working as 
‘‘provisionals’’ to see if they like the job. Ap-
prentices must be 18 years of age and either 
have graduated from high school or have a 
general-equivalency degree. 
HOUSTON CITY LEADERS HONOR STUDENTS IN 
PRE-APPRENTICESHIP
PROGRAM
AT
TRIO 
ELECTRIC 
City leaders in Houston recently honored 
students in TRIO Electric’s Pre-Apprentice-
ship Program, with Mayor Sylvester Turner 
telling them ‘‘we believe in people like you.’’ 
In proclaiming it ‘‘TRIO Pre-Apprentice-
ship Partnership Day,’’ Mayor Turner recog-
nized the company and their education part-
ners, specifically the leadership of the 
Spring Branch Independent School District. 
Turner also encouraged the 40 students in 
the program to do the best for themselves 
and their families. Mayor Turner told stu-
dents that he had once served as an elec-
trician’s apprentice where he learned skills 
that he uses to this day as the chief execu-
tive of the nation’s fourth largest city. 
‘‘Today is a great day in the City of Hous-
ton,’’ Mayor Turner said. ‘‘Beau Pollock of 
TRIO Electric has the vision, dedication and 
commitment to provide students with job 
skills,’’ he said. ‘‘You are trailblazers,’’ Tur-
ner told the students, ‘‘willing to work hard 
and learn work skills. In Houston, we invest 
in human infrastructure because we believe 
in people like you.’’ 
Pollock, TRIO’s President, thanked the 
students for performing well on the job and 
proving the program could be a success. 
‘‘I had a good idea to train students, yet 
you had to perform,’’ Pollock said. ‘‘You per-
formed and proved this was a good idea.’’ 
TRIO started their apprenticeship program 
in 2013, ‘‘to help meet a critical demand for 
electricians with technical and leadership 
skills. Nearly 200 workers have taken advan-
tage of TAP. In 2017, TRIO started working 
with Spring Branch ISD and Houston Com-
munity College (HCC) to establish the TRIO 
Pre-Apprenticeship Program (TPAP) for high 
school students. By the fall 2018 semester, 
more than 150 high school students will be 
taking advantage of TPAP through Spring 
Branch ISD, Austin ISD and Grand Prairie 
ISD. TRIO Electric plans to expand TPAP to 
other areas of Texas and the U.S.’’ 
Spring Branch superintendent Scott Muri 
told the students that it was the vision that 
created the apprenticeship program to solve 
a need for skilled workers. Houston Commu-
nity College Associate Vice Chancellor Mi-
chael Webster said the skills learned in the 
apprenticeship program will last a lifetime. 
The teachers in the program are former 
electricians and educators with electrical ex-
perience who have been collectively re-
cruited and screened. The program teaches 
students how to be safe, productive and 
skilled electricians as well as teaches other 
employable and soft skills. 
In addition to HCC and Spring Branch ISD, 
TRIO Pre-Apprenticeship Program partners 
include Spring Branch ISD SKY partners— 
KIPP and YES Prep, as well as the Greater 
Houston 
Partnership’s 
UpSkill 
Houston, 
United Way, Texas Gulf Coast Workforce So-
lutions, and the Department of Labor (DOL). 
The TRIO TAP and TPAP programs are 
DOL-approved. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. We need to be 
able to provide opportunities for young 
people, giving them the direction of 
where they can be a success. 
I show these pictures of diversity in 
my district of individuals who are hav-
ing the opportunity to be apprentices. 
Increasing participation in programs 
under the national apprenticeship pro-
gram 
through 
technical 
assistance 
brings together industry sector leaders 
and experts, including employers. This 
is a new day. 
As my colleague said, Congressman 
LYNCH: I started as an iron worker and 
now I am in the United States Con-
gress. 
This opens the door of opportunity. 
Let’s support this legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the 
Committees on the Judiciary, on Homeland 
Security, on the Budget, and as a cosponsor, 
I rise in strong support of H.R. 447, the Na-
tional Apprenticeship Act of 2021, which in-
vests more than $3.5 billion over 5 years in 
expanding opportunities and access to Reg-
istered Apprenticeships, youth apprentice-
ships, and pre-apprenticeships. 
I thank Congressman Scott, the Chairman 
of the Education and Labor Committee, for re-
introducing this legislation which passed by a 
substantial margin in the 116th Congress as 
H.R. 8294. 
This important legislation has the potential 
to yield $10.6 billion in net benefits to U.S. 
taxpayers in the form of increased workers 
productivity and decreased spending on pub-
lic-assistance programs and unemployment in-
surance and which bring America’s invest-
ments in apprenticeship more in line with 
countries around the world. 
Mr. Speaker, the Registered Apprenticeship 
(RAs) system is America’s most successful 
federally authorized workforce development 
program. 
According to the Department of Labor, 94 
percent of people who complete RAs are em-
ployed upon completion, earning an average 
starting wage of above $70,000 annually. 
Yet, according to the most recent data, only 
0.3 percent of the overall workforce in America 
have completed an apprenticeship. 
Mr. Speaker, this legislation could not be 
more timely because during a time of record 
unemployment, the National Apprenticeship 
Act of 2021 invests more than $3.5 billion over 
5 years in expanding opportunities and access 
to Registered Apprenticeships, youth appren-
ticeships, and pre-apprenticeships. 
The legislation also creates an additional 1 
million new apprenticeship opportunities on 
top of the current expected growth of the ap-
prenticeship system, an investment that not 
only will pay off for workers and employers, 
but also benefit the taxpayers. 
Mr. Speaker, this legislation is critical to ex-
panding the nation’s workforce development 
system during our country’s deepest economic 
downturn since the Great Depression. 
Specifically, the National Apprenticeship Act 
of 2021 authorizes $400 million for fiscal year 
(FY) 2022, increasing by $100 million annually 
to $800 million for FY 2026, to support the 
creation or expansion of registered apprentice-
ships, youth apprenticeships and pre-appren-
ticeship programs, including in nontraditional 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00028
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.013
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 27-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H419 
February 5, 2021 
apprenticeship occupations and for nontradi-
tional populations. 
This funding will also attract and encourage 
employer participation and recruitment for indi-
viduals with barriers to employment, including 
individuals impacted by the criminal justice 
system. 
Additionally, to ensure that apprenticeship 
agreements and program registration to en-
sure consistency in quality standards and 
worker protections, H.R. 447 codifies and 
streamlines standards for registered appren-
ticeships, 
youth 
apprenticeship 
and 
preapprenticeship programs. 
Also codified are the existing regulations 
and practices to ensure that all individuals 
have an equal opportunity to participate in pro-
grams under the national apprenticeship sys-
tem, and to increase diversity in the occupa-
tions offered and the individuals participating 
in programs, especially in high-skill, high- 
wage, and in-demand industry sectors and oc-
cupations. 
The legislation institutionalizes, and estab-
lishes by statute, the Department of Labor’s 
(DOL) Office of Apprenticeship, and vests it 
with the following roles and responsibilities: 
1. Increasing participation in programs 
under the national apprenticeship system 
through technical assistance and program rec-
ognition activities; 
2. Bringing together industry sector leaders 
and experts, including employers, industry as-
sociations, joint labor-management organiza-
tions, labor organizations, education and train-
ing providers, credential providers, and ap-
prentices to establish national frameworks to 
expand apprenticeships to new occupations 
and sectors; and 
3. Improving data infrastructure to improve 
reporting and publicly disseminating informa-
tion about apprenticeship programs. 
Another strong feature of this legislation is 
that it codifies the roles and responsibilities of 
the State Apprenticeship Agencies (SAAs) by: 
1. Authorizing annual funding for State Ap-
prenticeship Offices and SAAs at $75 million 
for fiscal year (FY) 2022, increasing by $10 
million annually to reach $115 million for FY 
2026, with one-third of funds equally distrib-
uted to all States and outlying areas, and two- 
thirds of funds distributed via formula to SAAs; 
and 
2. Requiring SAAs to submit plans for reg-
istered apprenticeship activities, which gen-
erally mirror existing state requirements under 
the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act 
and the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical 
Education Act. 
My concluding reason for supporting this im-
portant legislation is that it strengthens the 
connections between the Department of Edu-
cation and Department of Labor through an 
interagency agreement to support the creation 
and expansion of youth apprenticeships, col-
lege consortiums, and data sharing agree-
ments. 
I strongly support this legislation and urge 
all Members to join me in voting for its pas-
sage. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, would you 
clarify how much time I have remain-
ing. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from North Carolina has 31⁄4 
minutes remaining. The gentleman 
from Michigan has 41⁄2 minutes remain-
ing. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. 
Speaker, 
Industry-Recognized 
Apprenticeship 
Programs, 
IRAPs, 
which would be eliminated by this bill 
represent a new apprenticeship model 
that puts employers in the driver’s seat 
to create programs that meet the 
unique needs of their workers. 
This new, innovative model was 
spearheaded by President Trump’s De-
partment of Labor. Currently, 80 per-
cent of apprenticeships are employer- 
led and are not a part of the registered 
apprenticeship model. The registered 
apprenticeship model is riddled with 
burdensome red tape which discourages 
countless 
businesses 
from 
partici-
pating. 
IRAPs, on the other hand, give job 
creators the freedom to break away 
from 
the 
Washington-knows-best 
model and connect workers, families, 
and communities with fulfilling ca-
reers. 
This bill looks backwards and relies 
solely on a model created during the 
Great Depression. We should be looking 
forward and not closing opportunities 
for new models that reach more work-
ers and industries like the industry- 
recognized apprenticeship model. 
Mr. Speaker, there is bipartisan 
agreement that the National Appren-
ticeship Act is in desperate need of an 
update. But the bill before us fails to 
deliver for students, workers, or job 
creators. 
While Democrats continue with this 
ill-advised legislation, Republicans will 
continue working hard to inject inno-
vation and flexibility into the appren-
ticeship model so that more Ameri-
cans, many of whom have been put out 
of work by this very administration, 
can get back to work. 
I urge all Members to vote ‘‘no’’ on 
the bill, and I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
b 1030 
Mr. LEVIN of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, 
as I have listened to the debate back 
and forth, I feel like it hasn’t covered 
much of what is so exciting about this 
bill. 
When I was the chief workforce offi-
cer of the State of Michigan, it was 
during the implosion of the auto indus-
try and then the Great Recession. 
Michigan had the highest unemploy-
ment rate of any State for 49 consecu-
tive months. It was in that difficult 
circumstance that I had to try to help 
Michigan workers train and get new 
skills for new opportunities. 
There was a Senator from Illinois 
around that time; his name was Barack 
Obama. And he got a piece of legisla-
tion passed that said that States could 
use half a percent of their SAFETEA- 
LU money, their money for highway 
construction, to help train the work-
force of the future, more women, more 
people of color, more poor people. 
So, I worked with the apprenticeship 
directors of the highway industry, with 
people advocating for more opportuni-
ties for people of color, and we created 
pre-apprenticeship 
programs 
that 
helped new people get apprenticeships 
and a road to the middle class in this 
country by building our roads. 
Mr. Speaker, the point is, we had to 
do that on our own. The registered ap-
prenticeship system didn’t offer us 
guidance. It certainly didn’t offer us 
funding. This bill does so much to mod-
ernize and open up our apprenticeship 
system. 
It facilitates pre-apprenticeship pro-
grams. It facilitates youth apprentice-
ship programs. It specifically encour-
ages innovation and the birthing of 
new apprenticeship programs in a wide 
array of new industries. Mr. Speaker, 
despite the rhetoric, it is quite bipar-
tisan. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank some Rep-
resentatives who have done a lot to 
help bring this bill to fruition, includ-
ing Representatives NORCROSS, BRIAN 
FITZPATRICK, SUZANNE BONAMICI, DAVID 
MCKINLEY, and DON BACON, all of whom 
have provided critical leadership. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support this bill, and I yield back the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition of 
the National Apprenticeship Act. 
As the co-chair of the Skilled Workforce 
Caucus with my friend from Michigan, Con-
gresswoman BRENDA LAWRENCE, I have had 
the opportunity to see firsthand, professional 
training programs in my home State of Arkan-
sas and in Michigan. 
And, I want to thank my Democratic col-
leagues for their sincere effort to prioritize 
work training programs, however their efforts 
are flawed. 
I have heard my colleagues in the Demo-
cratic majority say they want our legislation to 
reflect America and I share that goal. 
I agree that we need legislation that reflects 
the where people work in our economy. 
However, according to the Bureau of Labor 
Statistics, roughly 12.1 percent of Americans 
are employed by unions. 
Frankly, this legislation does not reflect our 
country’s workforce because it preferences 
one business model over another. 
Rather than encouraging entities and busi-
nesses to be empowered to make training 
choices that are best for their industry, we are 
instead picking winners and losers. 
As we move towards recovery from the 
COVID crisis, we need as wide of an ap-
proach to training programs as possible, and 
this bill is not the answer. Republicans, includ-
ing myself have offered several amendments 
that will make a bad bill better. Please support 
my amendment change to this legislation. In 
that regard, I ask for unanimous consent to 
submit letters of support for my amendment. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose the National 
Apprenticeship Act. 
Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to in-
clude in the RECORD the following letter from 
the Center for Law and Social Policy in sup-
port of the National Apprenticeship Act of 
2021. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00029
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.015
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 28-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H420 
February 5, 2021 
CLASP, 
January 29, 2021. 
Hon. ROBERT C. ‘‘BOBBY’’ SCOTT, 
Chairman, Committee on Education and Labor, 
Washington, DC. 
Hon. VIRGINIA FOXX, 
Ranking Member, Committee on Education and 
Labor, Washington, DC. 
DEAR CHAIRMAN ROBERT ‘‘BOBBY’’ SCOTT 
AND RANKING MEMBER VIRGINIA FOXX: We, 
the Center for Law and Social Policy 
(CLASP), write to express our views regard-
ing the reauthorization of the National Ap-
prenticeship Act (NAA). As a national, non-
profit, anti-poverty organization, CLASP 
works to advance federal and state policies 
that promote economic security for individ-
uals with low incomes, including people of 
color, opportunity youth, people impacted by 
the criminal justice system, and immi-
grants. We appreciate the opportunity to 
provide the committee with recommenda-
tions that help to increase greater access to 
registered 
apprenticeships, 
preapprenticeships and youth apprentice-
ships, particularly for individuals who face 
the greatest obstacles in accessing high- 
quality employment pathways that lead to 
livable wages and benefits. 
Reauthorization becomes all the more im-
portant given that the COVID–19 pandemic, 
the economic crisis, and the increasing im-
pacts of climate change have devastated the 
health and economic wellbeing of millions of 
families with low incomes. Workers of color, 
immigrants, young people, women, workers 
in jobs paying low wages, and frontline 
workers are among the hardest hit by these 
crises. Worse still, significant job losses and 
reductions in income have deepened racial 
inequities and exacerbated poverty and eco-
nomic hardship for millions. Therefore, true 
economic recovery will require building back 
high-quality jobs in all sectors—including 
growth sectors like clean energy and the 
care economy—that treat all workers and 
working families as essential, strengthen the 
economy, and enable workers to meet family 
obligations, save for the future, and move 
out of poverty. It will require investments in 
workers through workforce development and 
training, subsidized jobs, and work supports 
such as affordable child care. It will also re-
quire a new social contract ensuring all 
workers can access critical workplace rights, 
benefits, and protections. 
Over a century ago, Wisconsin created the 
first state Registered Apprenticeship Act 
and in 1937, Congress enacted the National 
Apprenticeship Act. The NAA created thou-
sands of Registered Apprenticeship programs 
and instructed the Department of Labor to 
promote labor standards to protect appren-
tice welfare. With over 706,000 new appren-
tices since 2017 and an average salary of 
$70,000 after program completion, Registered 
Apprenticeships are a successful workforce 
development strategy with significant eco-
nomic gains. However, inequities, discrimi-
nation, and barriers to entry have histori-
cally prevented, and continue to prevent, 
many people with low incomes, especially 
Black, Indigenous, people of color (BIPOC) 
and women, from accessing and succeeding 
in a Registered Apprenticeship, A 1967 study 
described overwhelming resistance to racial 
integration 
in 
apprenticeship 
programs. 
Today, while there have been improvements, 
apprenticeships remain largely white and 
male. 
As Congress considers NAA’s reauthoriza-
tion, it has an opportunity to address equity 
and expand access to Registered Apprentice-
ships, including through high-quality pre-ap-
prenticeships. A registered, high-quality pre- 
apprenticeship can support students with 
low incomes—especially students of color 
and those impacted by the justice system— 
and promote equitable access to a Registered 
Apprenticeship program. For these reasons, 
we are providing the committee with rec-
ommendations to promote high-quality ap-
prenticeships and pre-apprenticeship to en-
sure that students with low incomes, stu-
dents of color, immigrants, and students im-
pacted by the justice system can access high- 
quality Registered Apprenticeships. 
Below are recommendations that we urge 
the committee to consider: 
Require that all apprenticeships, including 
pre-apprenticeships and youth apprentice-
ships be registered. Across states, there is an 
interest in expanding pre-apprenticeships. 
To prepare preapprentices to succeed in reg-
istered apprenticeships, they must have ac-
cess to high-quality registered apprentice-
ships. All pre-apprenticeships and appren-
ticeships must incorporate the types of 
workplace and labor standards of quality 
that have made registered apprenticeships 
successful. They must also provide direct 
entry into registered apprenticeships for suc-
cessful apprentices. 
Provide adequate compensation for pre-ap-
prentices. Few people can afford the time or 
money to dedicate weeks/months to a pre-ap-
prenticeship program without income to sup-
port themselves and their families. Unpaid 
programs will exclude people with low in-
comes, people impacted by the justice sys-
tem, individuals with families and others, 
and result in a pool of apprentices that lacks 
racial and ethnic diversity. The reauthoriza-
tion of the NAA can help to ensure that peo-
ple of color and women fully participate in 
pre-apprenticeships and registered appren-
tices receive adequate compensation. 
Eliminate barriers for women, including 
women of color. As of 2017, women made up 
just 7.3% of apprentices nationwide. Further-
more, women tend to be enrolled in appren-
ticeships with lower pay scales, such as 
childcare where the median journeyperson 
wage is only $9.75/hour compared to $23.46/ 
hour, the corresponding wage for the top 
male apprenticeship occupation, electrician. 
Our nation must work to attract more 
women into registered apprenticeships as a 
career pathway and ensure that they earn 
wages that are comparable to wages earned 
by males in comparable occupations. 
Eliminate barriers to entry for people with 
low incomes. Many registered apprentice-
ships impose barriers to entry for people 
with low incomes due high costs for tools, 
equipment, books, supplies, uniforms and 
scheduling inflexibility for parenting or 
commuting individuals. Scheduling barriers 
are especially problematic for individuals on 
probation and parole or community super-
vision. The reauthorization must provide 
wraparound services and robust supports to 
cover the costs of childcare, transportation, 
equipment, and related costs that pose bar-
riers to entry. 
Support ongoing efforts to reform the 
criminal justice system and ensure incarcer-
ated individuals have access to apprentice-
ship pathways. A National Center for Edu-
cation Statistics survey found that 29 per-
cent of incarcerated respondents wanted to 
obtain certificates from a trade school or 
college while incarcerated; 39 percent of 
them said the main reason they wanted to 
enroll was to ‘‘increase the possibilities of 
getting a job when released.’’ Nevertheless, 
only 7 percent of the incarcerated received 
such certificates. The NAA must help incar-
cerated and formerly incarcerated individ-
uals access the registered apprenticeships 
they want and provide them with other op-
portunities to pursue employment pathways 
that lead to family-sustaining jobs with ben-
efits. 
The reauthorization must support ongoing 
efforts at reforming the criminal justice sys-
tem. This includes ensuring that occupa-
tional licensing bans do not preclude individ-
uals impacted by the justice system from ob-
taining employment that they have been 
trained for by an apprenticeship. Individuals 
who are incarcerated must also be paid fair 
wages, and the law must help to ensure that 
providers do not discriminate against those 
impacted by the justice system. 
Pay 
incarcerated 
apprentices 
adequate 
compensation in line with the minimum 
wage for registered apprenticeships. Appren-
tices who are incarcerated are often paid 
below the minimum wage. A 2019 Urban In-
stitute report noted that the average start-
ing wage for apprentices was less than one 
dollar an hour. Furthermore, the quality and 
long-term outcomes of these apprenticeships 
rarely match those of Registered Apprentice-
ships outside prison walls. The reauthoriza-
tion of the NAA can raise wages—as well as 
labor standards—for incarcerated appren-
tices, bring them in line with the minimum 
wage or the average wage for registered ap-
prentices, and ensure the apprenticeships are 
high-quality education programs. 
Ensure that youths and adults with low in-
comes are guaranteed equitable access to es-
tablished registered apprenticeships, post-
secondary education opportunities, or both. 
Quite often, young people with low incomes, 
especially students of color, end up funneled 
or ‘‘tracked’’ into lower-performing or poor-
ly funded programs and pathways. Youth ap-
prenticeships 
and 
preapprenticeship 
pro-
grams can guarantee that pre-apprentices 
will have equitable access either to an estab-
lished registered apprenticeship or postsec-
ondary educational opportunities. 
Incentivize and allow for greater participa-
tion of regional and local intermediaries, 
such as high schools, adult education pro-
viders, workforce partners, and community- 
based organizations in the recruitment and 
retention of youth of color (both in-school 
and 
out-of-school 
youth). 
Out-of-school 
youth, high school students, and young peo-
ple of color are less likely to reap the bene-
fits of federal and state programs and are 
often left behind in these programs. Regional 
and local intermediaries, such as workforce 
partners, high schools, adult education pro-
viders, community-based organizations, and 
other community partners can provide sup-
portive services such as mental health and 
behavioral services, housing, and other sup-
ports to help increase the participation of 
youth of color in the pre-apprenticeship re-
cruitment and retention process. 
Dedicate a funding stream for high-qual-
ity, registered pre-apprenticeships. To con-
tinue to expand and have long-term sustain-
ability, pre-apprenticeships must have a 
dedicated funding stream that allows pre-ap-
prentices to be adequately compensated. 
Such a structure would allow for greater par-
ticipation of youth and adults who face the 
greatest barriers to employment and post-
secondary education. 
We thank the committee for working in a 
bipartisan manner to increase greater access 
to registered apprenticeships through the re-
authorization of the NAA. We look forward 
to working with you and your staff. 
Sincerely, 
MOLLY BASHAY, 
Senior Policy Analyst, 
Postsecondary Edu-
cation 
and 
Work-
force 
Development, 
CLASP. 
KISHA BIRD, 
Director, Youth Pol-
icy, CLASP. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
in support of H.R. 447, the National Appren-
ticeship Act of 2021, which I introduced with 
Congressman FITZPATRICK OF PENNSYLVANIA. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00030
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.039
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 29-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H421 
February 5, 2021 
Registered Apprenticeships are this nation’s 
most successful federally funded workforce 
development initiative. 
Each year, hundreds of thousands of work-
ers count on Registered Apprenticeships to 
learn in-demand skills, earn wages that grow 
along with those skills, and receive nationally 
recognized credentials that lead to rewarding 
careers. 
Registered Apprenticeships are so success-
ful that 94 percent of apprentices are em-
ployed upon completion and earn an average 
starting wage of more than $70,000 a year. 
Investing in Registered Apprenticeships not 
only benefits workers; it also strengthens our 
economy and helps employers build pipelines 
of talented and dedicated workers. 
Increased funding for high-quality workforce 
development programs is precisely what we 
need to help workers get back on their feet 
during the COVID–19 pandemic. 
Millions of people are still without work, and 
at least 7 million of the jobs lost during the 
COVID–19 pandemic may never come back. 
Yet, Congress has not reauthorized the Na-
tional Apprenticeship Act since it was first 
passed in 1937. 
Simply put, we have left our nation’s best 
workforce 
development 
initiative 
under- 
resourced at a time when we need it most. 
In response, the National Apprenticeship Act 
of 2021: 
invests $3.5 billion in our national appren-
ticeship system; 
ensures consistency and quality across ap-
prenticeship programs; 
increases opportunities for diverse groups of 
workers who have not traditionally been in-
cluded in the apprenticeship system; and, 
expands 
Registered 
Apprenticeships 
in 
emerging sectors, such as health care, manu-
facturing, finance, and technology. 
This investment, alone, will create an addi-
tional 1 million apprenticeship opportunities. 
And it will yield more than $10 billion in bene-
fits to taxpayers through higher tax revenue 
and decreased spending on social safety net 
programs. 
Construction trades and their industry part-
ners have long proven that the Registered Ap-
prenticeship model works. In my district, the 
Norfolk Naval Shipyard’s Apprentice Program 
and the Newport News Shipbuilding Appren-
tice School have been operating successfully 
for more than a century. We should expand 
this model so that more workers and employ-
ers can experience the benefits. 
That is why, last Congress, Committee 
Democrats and Republicans held four bipar-
tisan hearings and conducted months of inten-
sive negotiations to produce a bipartisan pro-
posal that expands access to high-quality ap-
prenticeships. Last November, the House 
passed this legislation in a bipartisan vote of 
246 to 140. 
Now, we have the chance to, once again, 
come together and pass the National Appren-
ticeship Act of 2021 so that workers across 
the country, and across industries, can benefit 
from Registered Apprenticeship opportunities. 
Lastly, I would be remiss if I did not recognize 
Representative Pocan of Wisconsin who spon-
sored the Leveraging Effective Apprentice-
ships to Rebuild National Skills Act or the 
LEARNS Act, Representative Bonamici of Or-
egon who authored the PARTNERS Act, and 
former Representative Susan Davis of Cali-
fornia who shepherded this bill in the 116th 
Congress, for their significant contributions to 
this legislation. 
I urge support for this legislation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate has expired. 
Each further amendment printed in 
part B of House Report 117–3 not earlier 
considered as part of amendments en 
bloc pursuant to section 3 of House 
Resolution 85, shall be considered only 
in the order printed in the report, may 
be offered only by a Member designated 
in the report, shall be considered as 
read, shall be debatable for the time 
specified in the report equally divided 
and controlled by the proponent and an 
opponent, may be withdrawn by the 
proponent at any time before the ques-
tion is put thereon, shall not be subject 
to amendment, and shall not be subject 
to a demand for division of the ques-
tion. 
It shall be in order at any time after 
debate for the chair of the Committee 
on Education and Labor or his designee 
to offer amendments en bloc consisting 
of further amendments printed in part 
B of House Report 117–3, not earlier dis-
posed of. Amendments en bloc shall be 
considered as read, shall be debatable 
for 20 minutes equally divided and con-
trolled by the chair and the ranking 
minority member of the Committee on 
Education and Labor or their respec-
tive designees, shall not be subject to 
amendment, and shall not be subject to 
a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO. 1 OFFERED BY MR. 
LEVIN OF MICHIGAN 
Mr. LEVIN of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, 
pursuant to section 3 of House Resolu-
tion 85, I rise to offer amendments en 
bloc No. 1. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will designate the amendments 
en bloc. 
Amendments en bloc No. 1 consisting 
of amendment Nos. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 9, and 
13, printed in part B of House Report 
117–3, offered by Mr. LEVIN of Michigan: 
AMENDMENT NO. 1 OFFERED BY MS. BLUNT 
ROCHESTER OF DELAWARE 
Page 8, lines 11 through 12, strike ‘‘such as 
groups of individuals from the same gender 
or race’’ and insert ‘‘such as individuals from 
the same gender, race, or ethnicity’’. 
Page 21, strike lines 1 through 6 and insert 
the following: 
‘‘(i)(I) promoting outreach to nontradi-
tional apprenticeship populations, including 
by engaging schools that participate in a 
schoolwide program under section 1114 of the 
Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 
1965 (20 U.S.C. 6314) and minority-serving in-
stitutions; and 
Page 23, line 20, strike ‘‘and’’. 
Page 23, line 24, strike the period and in-
sert ‘‘; and’’. 
Page 23, after line 24, insert the following: 
‘‘(iii) Secretary of Health and Human Serv-
ices to coordinate with State programs for 
temporary assistance to needy families fund-
ed under part A of title VI of the Social Se-
curity Act to promote awareness of opportu-
nities under the national apprenticeship sys-
tem for participants in such State programs. 
Page 33, line 24, after ‘‘on a publicly acces-
sible website that’’ insert ‘‘is consumer test-
ed and’’. 
AMENDMENT NO. 2 OFFERED BY MR. BROWN OF 
MARYLAND 
Page 54, line 14, strike ‘‘occupations and 
sectors’’ and insert ‘‘industries or occupa-
tions’’. 
AMENDMENT NO. 3 OFFERED BY MS. BUSH OF 
MISSOURI 
Page 136, line 20, after ‘‘transportation,’’ 
insert ‘‘child care,’’. 
AMENDMENT NO. 4 OFFERED BY MR. CASTRO OF 
TEXAS 
Page 121, line 19, insert ‘‘media and enter-
tainment,’ ’’ after ‘‘health care,’’. 
AMENDMENT NO. 5 OFFERED BY MR. CROW OF 
COLORADO 
Page 121, line 19, insert ‘‘education (includ-
ing 
early 
childhood 
education),’’ 
after 
‘‘health care,’’. 
Page 122, line 22, insert ‘‘, elementary 
school, and secondary school’’ after ‘‘child-
hood’’. 
AMENDMENT NO. 6 OFFERED BY MS. ESCOBAR OF 
TEXAS 
Page 6, line 6, strike ‘‘or’’. 
Page 6, after line 6, insert the following: 
‘‘(L) a Job Corps center (as defined in sec-
tion 142 of the Workforce Innovation and Op-
portunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3192)); or’’. 
Page 6, line 7, strike ‘‘(L)’’ and insert 
‘‘(M)’’. 
Page 6, line 8, strike ‘‘(K)’’ and insert 
‘‘(L)’’. 
Page 140, line 6, strike ‘‘or’’. 
Page 140, after line 6, insert the following: 
‘‘(VII) a Job Corps center (as defined in 
section 142 of the Workforce Innovation and 
Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3192)); or’’. 
Page 140, line 7, strike ‘‘(VII)’’ and insert 
‘‘(VIII)’’. 
Page 141, line 5, insert ‘‘internet access,’’ 
after ‘‘child care,’’. 
AMENDMENT NO. 9 OFFERED BY MR. HIGGINS OF 
NEW YORK 
Page 22, line 24, insert before the semicolon 
the following: ‘‘, including through facili-
tating the sharing of best practices’’. 
AMENDMENT NO. 13 OFFERED BY MRS. LAWRENCE 
OF MICHIGAN 
Strike page 123, line 3, and all that follows 
through page 124, line 3, and insert the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(C) INTERMEDIARY
GRANTS.—To establish 
or expand sector-based partnerships for the 
delivery of programs under the national ap-
prenticeship system to significant scale 
through— 
‘‘(i) national industry qualified inter-
mediaries in key sectors, including manufac-
turing, information technology, cyber secu-
rity, health care, insurance and finance, en-
ergy, hospitality, retail, construction, and 
other sectors identified by the Administrator 
and the Advisory Committee as targeted for 
expansion under the national apprenticeship 
system; 
‘‘(ii) 
national 
equity 
qualified 
inter-
mediaries serving nontraditional apprentice-
ship populations, women, minorities, indi-
viduals with disabilities, and individuals im-
pacted by the criminal or juvenile justice 
system; or 
‘‘(iii) local or regional qualified inter-
mediaries serving programs under the na-
tional apprenticeship system.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 85, the gen-
tleman from Michigan (Mr. LEVIN) and 
the gentlewoman from North Carolina 
(Ms. FOXX) each will control 10 min-
utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Michigan. 
Mr. LEVIN of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise in support of en bloc amendment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:29 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00031
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.035
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 30-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H422 
February 5, 2021 
No. 1, and I yield myself such time as 
I may consume. 
These amendments will add ‘‘eth-
nicity’’ alongside race and gender to 
the definition of ‘‘nontraditional ap-
prenticeship population’’; 
Expand outreach to title I schools 
and Temporary Assistance for Needy 
Families programs to promote aware-
ness of apprenticeship opportunities; 
Clarify State plans’ inclusion of non-
traditional apprenticeship industries 
and occupations; 
Add childcare to the range of transi-
tion assistance options included for 
formerly incarcerated people in ap-
prenticeships; 
Add ‘‘media and entertainment’’ and 
‘‘early childhood, elementary, and sec-
ondary education’’ to the list of non-
traditional apprenticeship industries 
eligible for support; 
Make Job Corps Centers eligible for 
funding to run apprenticeship pro-
grams; 
Ensure that States facilitate the ex-
change of best practices between grant 
participants; 
And clarify the type of national, re-
gional, and industry intermediaries eli-
gible for intermediary grants. 
Mr. 
Speaker, 
these 
amendments 
make meaningful improvements to the 
bill, and I ask my colleagues to vote 
‘‘yes’’ on this en bloc. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentlewoman 
from 
Delaware 
(Ms. 
BLUNT ROCHESTER). 
Ms. 
BLUNT 
ROCHESTER. 
Mr. 
Speaker, to Chairman SCOTT and the 
entire Committee on Education and 
Labor, I thank you for the time and for 
your hard work. 
Mr. Speaker, as the former labor sec-
retary from the State of Delaware, I 
am proud to support the National Ap-
prenticeship Act and have my amend-
ment to H.R. 447 before the House 
today. 
My amendment would make improve-
ments to the bill to expand pathways 
for Americans to obtain good-paying 
jobs and ensure a diverse and highly 
skilled workforce, which we need today 
more than ever. 
This amendment will make certain 
that we engage schools which accept 
Federal funds for students to promote 
apprenticeships for low-income stu-
dents, specifically title I schools. 
It will coordinate with HHS to better 
support healthcare and childcare jobs. 
It would ensure that nontraditional 
populations, such as the Latino com-
munity, are represented in apprentice-
ship programs and, finally, ensure that 
apprenticeship 
websites 
are 
user- 
friendly and accessible to those with 
disabilities. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill is vital. As we, 
in America, are in the midst of a pan-
demic, we know more than ever that 
jobs are important and that our eco-
nomic viability is paramount. This bill 
is also about opportunity and improv-
ing the lives of Americans. 
I stand in support of this bill, and I 
ask for your support on these amend-
ments. 
Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD 
a letter from Third Way. 
THIRD WAY, 
February 1, 2021. 
Hon. BOBBY SCOTT, 
House Committee on Education and Labor, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR CHAIRMAN SCOTT: We are pleased to 
see that the National Apprenticeship Act of 
2021 is receiving a vote this week on the 
House floor. With millions of Americans out 
of work due to the COVID-19 pandemic, it is 
vital that policymakers work toward an in-
clusive economic recovery. That’s why we 
encourage House lawmakers to pass the Na-
tional Apprenticeship Act of 2021, which 
would provide a much-needed revamp of the 
nation’s registered apprenticeship system. 
Apprenticeships can play a key role in our 
economic recovery and help people regain 
their footing in the job market. 
Through your leadership, the National Ap-
prenticeship Act of 2021 would take impor-
tant steps to bolster apprenticeships across 
the country. It would broaden economic op-
portunity by expanding apprenticeships to 
women, people of color, and people facing 
barriers to employment. The legislation 
would help small and medium-sized busi-
nesses create apprenticeship programs. Fur-
ther, it would modernize our nation’s ap-
prenticeship system by expanding appren-
ticeships in growing fields like information 
technology, advanced manufacturing, and 
health care. 
The bill would also expand apprenticeships 
in part by relying on intermediaries, or ap-
prenticeship hubs, which would bring to-
gether 
employers, 
education 
providers, 
unions, and other organizations in each state 
that will work in concert to expand appren-
ticeships. This is an approach Third Way has 
long advocated for, and we’re thrilled that 
it’s a key part of this legislation. 
Through the National Apprenticeship Act 
of 2021, this country can promote apprentice-
ships as a key tool in our economic recovery 
and ensure everyone has pathways to in-de-
mand, good-paying careers. We thank you 
and the House Education and Labor Com-
mittee for your leadership on this legislation 
and urge Members to support it. 
Sincerely, 
GABRIEL HORWITZ, 
Senior Vice President, 
Third Way. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I rise in op-
position to the en bloc amendment, and 
I yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Mr. Speaker, notwithstanding my 
great affection for the gentlewoman 
from Delaware (Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER), 
I have to highlight at least one amend-
ment in the en bloc that I am con-
cerned with. 
The amendment offered by Rep-
resentative ESCOBAR
would add Job 
Corps Centers to the list of education 
providers that may be considered as 
partners for program sponsors as they 
are developing their program. 
I understand Mr. LEVIN thinks this is 
a great idea, and it is well-intentioned, 
I am sure. But I do not believe we 
should be adding more responsibilities 
to a program that has consistently 
failed to do that which Congress has al-
ready authorized it to do. 
For decades, this federally funded 
program has struggled to ensure the 
safety and security of students. There 
is ample documentation about the defi-
ciencies in Job Corps. In fact, over 30 
different government reports and au-
dits have raised concerns over the safe-
ty and security of participants. 
Until we have resolved the under-
lying problems with Job Corps, I do not 
believe we should encourage more indi-
viduals to participate in the program 
by listing this as an available option. 
The other amendments are largely 
minor changes to the bill that do not 
redeem the underlying policy or do 
anything to seriously reform and im-
prove our apprenticeship system. 
While I wish we could have a serious 
debate about the opportunity for addi-
tional reforms in this space that would 
be supported by a large number of Re-
publican Members, it is clear that 
Democrats are unwilling to have that 
conversation today. 
Mr. Speaker, I oppose the en bloc 
amendment and encourage my col-
leagues to do the same, and I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. LEVIN of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman 
from Colorado (Mr. CROW). 
Mr. CROW. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
in support of my amendment. 
The registered apprenticeship system 
is one of America’s most successful 
Federal workforce programs and has 
created a pathway for millions of 
Americans to achieve the American 
Dream. 
With more than 600,000 apprentice-
ships nationwide, including more than 
6,000 in Colorado, apprenticeships pro-
vide workers with paid, on-the-job 
training, and more than 94 percent of 
apprentices have a job after completing 
their program. 
The 
National 
Apprenticeship 
Act 
would bring this successful program 
into the 21st century by investing more 
than $3.5 billion annually and creating 
1 million new apprenticeships over the 
next 5 years. 
Mr. Speaker, my amendment will en-
sure that we include educators in this 
program. Across the country, there is a 
growing demand for qualified teachers. 
Schools, 
particularly 
low-income 
schools, are struggling to hire and re-
tain qualified teachers. 
In Colorado, we have a critical short-
age of thousands of teachers. Simply 
put, today, we can’t even fully staff our 
classrooms. By including teachers in 
the expansion of this program, we will 
help solve this problem. 
I grew up going to neighborhood pub-
lic schools. I know the lasting impact 
teachers can have on students. Without 
them, I wouldn’t be standing here 
today. 
Investing in teachers and in our chil-
dren should always be a top priority, 
and I urge my colleagues to support my 
amendment in the underlying bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD 
this letter of support from the United 
Association of Journeymen and Ap-
prentices of the Plumbing and Pipe 
Fitting Industry of the United States 
and Canada. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00032
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.028
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 31-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H423 
February 5, 2021 
UNITED
ASSOCIATION
OF
JOURNEY-
MEN
AND
APPRENTICES
OF
THE 
PLUMBING
AND PIPE FITTING IN-
DUSTRY
OF
THE
UNITED
STATES 
AND CANADA, 
Annapolis, Maryland, February 4, 2021. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE: On behalf of the 
more than 359,000 members of the United As-
sociation of Union Plumbers and Pipefitters 
(UA), I write in support of H.R. 447, the Na-
tional Apprenticeship Act of 2021. As you 
know, the Registered Apprenticeship pro-
grams of the UA and North America’s Build-
ing Trades Unions (NABTU) are the gold 
standard in the industry. This bill would pro-
tect that status while also ensuring Reg-
istered Apprenticeships are more accessible 
for all industries seeking a highly skilled 
workforce. 
The United Association is extremely proud 
of our Registered Apprenticeship and train-
ing programs. We invest more than $275 mil-
lion of private money each year to ensure 
our members are the best trained and most 
highly skilled workers in the industry. Sim-
ply put, these programs produce the most 
highly skilled workforce in the world at no 
cost to the American taxpayer while also 
providing a fair wage, quality healthcare, 
and retirement. We can all be proud of the 
continued success of our training programs, 
resulting in generations of the safest work-
places and highest standards in the industry. 
This speaks not only to our high standards, 
but also to the dedication of the men and 
women of our union. 
The National Apprenticeship Act of 2021 
will continue to protect our high standards 
and ensure the safety of apprentices across 
industries. In addition, it provides appren-
tices with a debt-free ladder of opportunity 
to not only build the skills needed for a job— 
but for a career. The entire United Associa-
tion is incredibly proud of our Registered 
Apprenticeship program and we look forward 
to seeing H.R. 447, the National Apprentice-
ship Act of 2021, signed into law. 
Thank you for all you have done to protect 
the livelihoods of the men and women in the 
construction industry. Our training and ap-
prenticeship programs are second to none, 
and this bill will ensure the success and lon-
gevity of the Registered Apprenticeship sys-
tem. I urge swift consideration and passage 
of this bill and look forward to working to-
gether to strengthen protections for our 
members and the entire labor community. 
Respectfully yours, 
MARK MCMANUS, 
General President. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. LEVIN of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 2 minutes the gentlewoman 
from Missouri (Ms. BUSH), my new col-
league. 
Ms. BUSH. Mr. Speaker, St. Louis 
and I rise today in support of the Na-
tional Apprenticeship Act of 2021 and 
in support of our amendment. 
For more than 80 years since the New 
Deal, the Registered Apprenticeship 
Program has sought to build pathways 
into dignified and stable work. But we 
know that the promise of good jobs 
with good pay and benefits has never 
been fully realized in America. 
The pandemic has unevenly dev-
astated communities like Missouri’s 
First District, including families of 
color, unhoused communities, people 
with disabilities, and heavily incarcer-
ated communities. 
Mr. Speaker, as we rebuild our econ-
omy, we must target jobs to them. Our 
amendment will ensure childcare is not 
a barrier to successful reentry home. It 
centers the more than 5 million young 
children in this country who have had 
a 
parent 
incarcerated 
by 
adding 
childcare as an essential transitional 
service. 
Mr. Speaker, as a single mother, as a 
nurse, as a former childcare worker, I 
know what it is like to miss a day of 
work because a sitter fell through or I 
couldn’t afford childcare. 
When you are a single mother, not 
working is rarely an option. Not work-
ing means you can’t feed or shelter 
your family. I have been there. I have 
been evicted, and I have lived in a car 
with my own children. 
Over 80 percent of women in jail are 
mothers to minor children and are 
their primary caretakers. When anyone 
is released from prison, they need re-
sources to be reunited with and provide 
for their families. Our amendment en-
sures that participation in the work-
force can be equally shared by all, in-
cluding those who need it most. 
Mr. 
Speaker, 
I 
thank 
Chairman 
SCOTT and his amazing staff for col-
laborating, and I thank Representa-
tives BOWMAN and PRESSLEY for their 
partnership. I urge my colleagues to 
support my amendment. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. LEVIN of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman 
from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER), my es-
teemed colleague. 
b 1045 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
appreciate this opportunity. In fol-
lowing my colleague, Ms. BUSH, with 
an example of how we are fine-tuning 
the apprenticeship program, one of the 
secrets in this country, best-kept se-
crets, in terms of a path to middle- 
class wage, empowerment, and key to 
our ability to rebuild and renew Amer-
ica. 
President Biden hit the ground run-
ning. He has been working on a number 
of areas. And none of his promises is 
more important than rebuilding and re-
newing America. We need to have a 
workforce that enables us to get this 
job done. 
I have seen these programs work in 
my State and national training pro-
grams around the country. 
Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD 
a statement from James Hoffa, the 
general president of the Teamsters, 
who points out that this is an invest-
ment of over $1.6 billion in private cap-
ital annually. The programs have long 
been considered the gold standard for 
workforce development in the con-
struction trades. They provide a debt- 
free ladder of opportunity. Apprentices 
earn wages from the first day, develop 
demand skills, and portable creden-
tials. 
INTERNATIONAL BROTHERHOOD 
OF TEAMSTERS, 
Washington, DC. February 1, 2021. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE: The International 
Brotherhood of Teamsters supports H.R. 447, 
the National Apprenticeship Act of 2021 
which the House is expected to consider this 
week. We urge you to support H.R. 447 which 
reauthorizes the Registered Apprenticeship 
Program. 
The Registered Apprenticeship Program 
(RAP) reauthorized by this bill has been the 
most successful workforce development ini-
tiative. For decades, the most highly skilled 
and productive construction craft workers 
have been trained through RAPs. These pri-
vately funded training centers and programs 
are jointly administered by construction 
contractors and building trades educators. 
With an investment of over $1.6 billion in 
private capital annually, these programs 
have long been considered the gold standard 
for workforce development in the construc-
tion trades. Often affiliated with unions, 
RAPS Apprentices provide a debt free ladder 
of opportunity. Apprentices earn wages from 
the first day, develop in demand skills, and 
portable credentials. The National Appren-
ticeship Act protects a vital (and progres-
sive) wage scale for the next generation for 
individual 
apprentices, 
and 
contractors 
through greater productivity and safety. 
The bill expands RAPs into new occupa-
tions and sectors. And, for the first time, 
there will be concrete standards associated 
with 
pre-apprenticeship 
programs 
which 
have grown significantly over the last sev-
eral years. These standards will provide pro-
tections from unscrupulous contractors to 
ensure a clear and defined pathway into 
RAPs. These programs are important to 
opening doors for greater participation and 
diversity in both programs. 
RAPs are a pathway to the middle class 
with over 90 percent of individuals com-
pleting a RAP employed upon completion 
and earning an average wage of $70,000 annu-
ally. Again, the Teamsters Union urges you 
to support H.R. 447, the National Apprentice-
ship Program of 2021. 
Sincerely, 
JAMES P. HOFFA, 
General President. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, 
this is what it is about, being able to 
take qualified young people, give them 
skills, let them earn money through 
the apprenticeship programs, not a 
mountain of debt. And time after time 
we have seen examples after just a cou-
ple of years they graduate into wages 
that enable them to support their fam-
ily. 
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to work 
with my colleagues in strengthening 
these programs. I have seen the train-
ing centers for the carpenters, and 
IBEW, these are the gold standards 
that ought to provide an inspiration 
for everybody in terms of how we pro-
vide this path to the middle class, how 
we strengthen ability to deliver on our 
promises to rebuild and renew Amer-
ica, and have the opportunity for them 
to earn money while they are doing it. 
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to support 
this proposal. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. LEVIN of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:38 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00033
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.033
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 32-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H424 
February 5, 2021 
Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague 
from North Carolina for continuing to 
educate me on the process of the House 
as I learn. 
I am reminded by Representative 
BUSH’s amendment of my experience 
attending graduations from pre-appren-
ticeship programs and seeing whole 
families turn out, seeing people turn 
out with their children to celebrate the 
graduation from a pre-apprenticeship 
program that allows people, returning 
citizens, people with disabilities, peo-
ple who have been excluded from eco-
nomic opportunity before, to get into 
an apprenticeship that can transform 
their lives, that can rocket them into a 
middle-class life with a great wage and 
great benefits. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge everyone to sup-
port these en bloc amendments, and I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, no one on our side dis-
agrees that millions of people in this 
country now and in the future need 
constant education and the oppor-
tunity to gain new skills. 
Mr. Speaker, we all support appren-
ticeships. I want to tell a little story 
about how long I have been involved in 
helping to create apprenticeships. I 
have a brother who is 8 years younger 
than I, and it took me 7 years to finish 
college. I had just barely finished and 
was working at a new resort in North 
Carolina, Beech Mountain. He was a 
senior in high school, and he came to 
me and said: I don’t want to go to col-
lege, but I don’t want you and mom 
and daddy to be ashamed of me. 
We have created a system in this 
country where we think people have to 
have a baccalaureate degree to be suc-
cessful. That is not true. 
I asked my brother what he wanted 
to do, and he said: I want to be a car-
penter. 
I said: That is about the most honor-
able profession in the world. Some fa-
mous people were carpenters. 
So, I went to my boss. I don’t know 
how I knew this, but I said: My brother 
would like to be a carpenter. We are 
desperate for carpenters, electricians, 
and plumbers here. Could we set up a 
carpentry apprenticeship program? 
We did that with the help of a local 
junior college, community college, con-
tractors, and AGC. We set up a car-
pentry apprenticeship program. Seven-
teen guys, mostly recent high school 
graduates, enrolled in it. 
Three-and-a-half 
years 
later, 
my 
brother and three other guys graduated 
with their journeyman license. Now, I 
consider that a great success. I have 
been 
interested 
in 
apprenticeships 
since 1969. I saw how successful they 
were. 
Those are the kinds of programs that 
we need to be fostering in this country. 
My brother went on to be an engineer 
with the telephone company. He never 
got a bachelor’s degree, but he showed 
me how to use my first computer, 
taught me how to use it, set it up for 
me. 
My brother is a very successful man, 
a lot smarter than I am, but he did 
that by using his skills, his brain. And 
he continues to educate himself. 
What we need is constant education, 
the opportunity to learn new skills, 
but this bill and these amendments 
don’t advance the cause. We need to 
stop looking backward 80 years and 
look forward to the needs of a modern 
economy. 
Yes, the President hit the ground 
running. He sure did. He eliminated 
thousands of jobs in his first week, and 
he continues to eliminate jobs with 
wrongheaded policy. This bill and 
many of the actions of our colleagues 
indicate how beholden they are to 
union bosses. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
vote ‘‘no’’ on the en bloc amendment 
and ‘‘no’’ on the underlying bill. I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 85, the pre-
vious 
question 
is 
ordered 
on 
the 
amendments en bloc offered by the 
gentleman from Michigan (Mr. LEVIN). 
The question is on the amendments 
en bloc. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that 
the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 3(s) of House Resolution 
8, the yeas and nays are ordered. 
Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, fur-
ther proceedings on this question are 
postponed. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO. 2 OFFERED BY MR. 
LEVIN OF MICHIGAN 
Mr. LEVIN of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, 
pursuant to section 3 of House Resolu-
tion 85, I rise to offer amendments en 
bloc No. 2. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will designate the amendments 
en bloc. 
Amendments en bloc No. 2 consisting 
of amendment Nos. 7, 8, 11, 12, 17, 20, 24, 
and 26, printed in part B of House Re-
port 117–3, offered by Mr. LEVIN
of 
Michigan: 
AMENDMENT NO. 7 OFFERED BY MR. FEENSTRA 
OF IOWA 
Page 23, line 20, strike ‘‘and’’. 
Page 23, line 24, strike the period and in-
sert ‘‘; and’’. 
Page 23, after line 24, insert the following: 
‘‘(iii) Attorney General in providing tech-
nical assistance for the development and im-
plementation of related instruction under 
the national apprenticeship system that is 
aligned with a mentoring program adminis-
tered by the Attorney General.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO. 8 OFFERED BY MR. GOLDEN OF 
MAINE 
Page 121, line 19, after ‘‘health care,’’ in-
sert ‘‘agriculture, forestry, fishing, and 
hunting’’. 
AMENDMENT NO. 11 OFFERED BY MR. KILMER OF 
WASHINGTON 
Page 
121, 
line 
18, 
insert 
‘‘computer 
science,’’ after ‘‘technology,’’. 
AMENDMENT NO. 12 OFFERED BY MR. LAMB OF 
PENNSYLVANIA 
Page 11, line 19, strike ‘‘or’’. 
Page 11, line 20, insert ‘‘or veterans-service 
organizations,’’ after ‘‘partners,’’. 
Page 20, line 21, insert ‘‘veterans-service 
organizations,’’ after ‘‘facilities,’’. 
Page 111, line 8, insert ‘‘veteran status,’’ 
after ‘‘age,’’. 
AMENDMENT NO. 17 OFFERED BY MR. PAPPAS OF 
NEW HAMPSHIRE 
Page 42, line 8, strike the period and insert 
a ‘‘; and’’. 
Page 42, after line 8, insert the following: 
‘‘(5) make recommendations on the devel-
opment of demonstrations projects as de-
scribed in section 132(f). 
Page 120, after line 6, insert the following: 
‘‘(f) DEMONSTRATION AUTHORITY.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary is author-
ized to initiate demonstration projects, sub-
ject to the recommendation of two-thirds of 
the voting members of the Advisory Com-
mittee, 
such 
that 
each 
demonstration 
project— 
‘‘(A) is limited in size and scope; 
‘‘(B) has a duration of no more than 3 
years; 
‘‘(C) is carried out in nontraditional ap-
prenticeship industries or occupations, such 
as advanced manufacturing or information 
technology; and 
‘‘(D) which may include activities that re-
spond to the COVID–19 public health emer-
gency. 
‘‘(2) LIMITATION ON FUNDING.—In initiating 
demonstration projects under subsection (a), 
the Secretary may not use more than 
$2,000,000 annually from the funding author-
ized under section 141(a). 
AMENDMENT NO. 20 OFFERED BY MS. SLOTKIN OF 
MICHIGAN 
Page 121, line 18, strike ‘‘green jobs,’’ and 
insert ‘‘green jobs (including environmental 
protection and conservation),’’. 
Page 143, line 7, strike ‘‘or’’. 
Page 143, line 9, strike the period and in-
sert ‘‘; or’’. 
Page 143, after line 9, insert the following: 
‘‘(iv) appropriate equipment, technology, 
and instructional materials aligned with new 
program needs, including machinery, testing 
equipment, tools, implements, hardware and 
software, and other new and emerging in-
structional materials. 
AMENDMENT NO. 24 OFFERED BY MS. TITUS OF 
NEVADA 
Page 121, line 19, insert ‘‘hospitality and 
tourism,’’ after ‘‘health care,’’. 
AMENDMENT NO. 26 OFFERED BY MR. TRONE OF 
MARYLAND 
Page 23, after line 24, insert the following: 
‘‘(iii) Attorney General and the Director of 
the Bureau of Prisons to— 
‘‘(I) support the establishment or expan-
sion of pre-apprenticeships and apprentice-
ship programs to all Federal correctional in-
stitutions; 
‘‘(II) share through the national appren-
ticeship system clearinghouse research and 
best practices for programs under the na-
tional apprenticeship system in correctional 
settings and for individuals impacted by the 
criminal and juvenile justice system; 
‘‘(III) provide technical assistance for 
State prison systems and employers seeking 
to operate or improve corrections-based pre- 
apprenticeship or apprenticeship programs; 
and 
‘‘(IV) support the successful transition of 
individuals in correctional institutions to 
pre-apprenticeship or apprenticeship pro-
grams upon exiting from correctional set-
tings. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 85, the gen-
tleman from Michigan (Mr. LEVIN) and 
the gentlewoman from North Carolina 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00034
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.032
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 33-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H425 
February 5, 2021 
(Ms. FOXX) each will control 10 min-
utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Michigan. 
Mr. LEVIN of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of 
amendments en bloc No. 2. These 
amendments will add the Office of Ju-
venile Justice and Delinquency Preven-
tion in the Department of Justice as an 
agency the Office of Apprenticeship 
shall coordinate with to ensure align-
ment of apprenticeship programs and 
mentorship programs for individuals 
who are exiting the juvenile justice 
system. 
They will add agriculture, forestry, 
fishing, hunting, computer science, en-
vironmental protection and conserva-
tion, and hospitality and tourism to 
the list of nontraditional apprentice-
ship industries and occupations sup-
ported by this bill. 
They will add opportunities to part-
ner with veterans service organizations 
throughout the bill, increase flexibility 
and innovation by allowing demonstra-
tion projects in the national appren-
ticeship system, and direct the Office 
of Apprenticeship to cooperate with 
the Department of Justice and State 
departments of corrections to promote 
access to apprenticeship programs for 
individuals in correctional institutions 
and to assist returning citizens to tran-
sition into apprenticeships and pre-ap-
prenticeships. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to sup-
port this bloc of amendments, the ma-
jority of which are bipartisan, that will 
strengthen this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentleman from Washington (Mr. KIL-
MER). 
Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of this package of en 
bloc amendments, which includes a bi-
partisan amendment I offered to ex-
pand access to computer science youth 
apprenticeship programs that are crit-
ical to the 21st century workforce. 
We know that education is the door 
to economic opportunity, and one of 
the most American and foundational 
paths to high-quality, worked-based 
learning and education are apprentice-
ship programs. 
In today’s changing economy, it is 
important to continue to find ways to 
prepare our kids for the jobs of the fu-
ture, jobs in advanced manufacturing, 
healthcare, technology, green jobs, and 
computer science. 
According to Code.org, across 24 
States, only 35 percent of high schools 
in the U.S. teach computer science. 
That same study found that Black and 
Hispanic students, students receiving 
free and reduced lunch, and students 
from rural areas are less likely to at-
tend a school that provides access to 
this critical subject. 
Not everyone is going to have a tech- 
related job, but we know that there is 
a growing demand that we are strug-
gling to meet for preparing students 
for these in-demand jobs and for equip-
ping workers with advanced computer 
science skills. 
In fact, a lot of employers in the re-
gion I represent in northwest Wash-
ington have job openings going unfilled 
because they can’t find folks with the 
necessary computer science skills. 
To prepare students to be successful 
and innovative in the workforce, the 
Federal Government should help ex-
pand computer science education and 
pathways to more students. 
That is why my amendment would 
ensure that computer science youth ap-
prenticeship, pre-apprenticeship, and 
apprenticeship 
programs 
are 
prioritized for funding through the his-
toric National Apprenticeship Act of 
2021. 
Growing the number of computer 
science programs, including youth ap-
prenticeships, pre-apprenticeships, and 
apprenticeships for students in high 
school and beyond, will provide more 
21st century job opportunities for our 
kids, more high-skilled and qualified 
employees for our local employers, and 
more economic resiliency for our com-
munities. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman 
for his support of this simple yet im-
portant amendment, and I encourage 
my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the 
package and ‘‘yes’’ on the bill. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, this en bloc incor-
porates eight amendments with bipar-
tisan support. I want to highlight a few 
amendments from this en bloc in par-
ticular. 
First, the amendment offered by Mr. 
FEENSTRA from Iowa will ensure that 
the Departments of Labor and Justice 
collaborate on technical assistance to 
support the development of related in-
struction that is aligned with the men-
toring program administered by the 
Department of Justice. 
Second, several amendments add in-
dustries to the list of nontraditional 
apprenticeship industries and occupa-
tions. 
Modernizing the 80-year-old National 
Apprenticeship Act ought to include 
apprenticeship opportunities within a 
variety of sectors. Far too often, soci-
ety paints apprenticeships as only ap-
plying to the trades, which is unfortu-
nate. While there are certainly valu-
able pathways within those fields, we 
need to expand the horizons of what ap-
prenticeships are capable of providing 
for workers. 
This is also why I think it is impor-
tant to call these professions rather 
than the trades. A broader policy 
should not be limited by how it has 
traditionally been viewed or how we 
speak about it. 
Third, the amendment offered by Mr. 
LAMB from Pennsylvania and Mr. TAY-
LOR from Texas includes veterans serv-
ice organizations in several key places. 
Because apprenticeships recognize and 
build on prior knowledge and skills, 
veterans stand to benefit greatly from 
these opportunities and should be en-
gaged in the system as much as pos-
sible. 
Unfortunately, I do need to highlight 
one amendment that could be much 
stronger. 
Our 
Democrat 
colleagues 
have obviously recognized that the un-
derlying bill does nothing to promote 
innovation in apprenticeships but, in-
stead, simply doubles down on the sta-
tus quo. 
b 1100 
So several Members have offered an 
amendment allowing for ‘‘demonstra-
tion projects’’ to promote innovation. 
Mr. Speaker, this is insulting. This 
Chamber deserves a real debate as to 
how to promote innovation within ap-
prenticeships and work-based learning. 
Republicans offered amendments to 
do just that, but they were not made in 
order. Representative ALLEN offered an 
amendment specifically to protect ex-
isting industry-driven apprenticeships 
currently operating out of the Depart-
ment of Labor. Representative THOMP-
SON offered an amendment to create 
additional innovation in work-based 
learning. 
Rather than allowing that debate to 
take place and Members to vote on 
these proposals, Democrats blocked 
consideration of those amendments and 
offered this do-nothing fig leaf of an 
amendment instead. Even the limited 
authority 
for 
demonstrations 
must 
still be approved by an advisory com-
mittee with heavy labor representa-
tion, giving union bosses veto power 
over any new ideas that might threat-
en their hold on apprenticeships. In the 
absence of real innovation, fake inno-
vation is better than no innovation, 
but we could do better. 
Despite my frustrations with Demo-
crats’ refusal to debate serious pro-
posals to modernize the apprenticeship 
program, on balance, this en bloc 
amendment offers good ideas worthy of 
support. I support the en bloc amend-
ment and encourage my colleagues to 
do the same. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. LEVIN of Michigan. Madam 
Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-
tleman 
from 
New 
Hampshire 
(Mr. 
PAPPAS). 
Mr. PAPPAS. Madam Speaker, I 
thank my colleague from Michigan for 
yielding and for his work on this crit-
ical bipartisan piece of legislation. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in support of 
the National Apprenticeship Act and I 
urge swift passage of this legislation, 
which will help open the doors of eco-
nomic opportunity to more Americans. 
We must work to strengthen and ex-
pand apprenticeships to align the skills 
of our workers with the needs of our 
employers and economy. Too often, 
however, employers and workers are 
simply unaware of what is out there. 
I am pleased this legislation includes 
a provision I introduced that would 
create a centralized, one-stop shop 
where interested parties would be able 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00035
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.034
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 34-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H426 
February 5, 2021 
to access information on apprentice-
ship opportunities so we can best meet 
the needs of individuals, employers, 
educators, and trainers. 
I am offering another amendment 
today that promotes real demonstra-
tion projects to explore new models of 
programs and that can result in inno-
vation, including how to adjust pro-
grams through the COVID–19 pandemic 
for safety reasons. 
As we come back from this crisis, 
new ideas and approaches are so crucial 
to our success. Apprenticeships offer an 
important ladder into good-paying jobs 
and lifelong careers, and this legisla-
tion will make them more available 
and accessible. 
Americans are ready, willing, and 
able to get to work to rebuild our coun-
try, revitalize major trades and indus-
tries, and light a path for the future. It 
is time we made it a little easier for 
the American worker to build their 
American Dream, and we can do that 
by passing the National Apprenticeship 
Act. 
Madam Speaker, I hope my col-
leagues will support the amendments 
in the underlying bill. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. LEVIN of Michigan. Madam 
Speaker, I yield myself the balance of 
my time. 
Madam Speaker, I would just like to 
point out something that I also think 
has not been emphasized enough in this 
discussion, which is how cost-effective 
this bill is—these amendments only 
make it more so—and how it will im-
prove the fiscal situation of the United 
States. 
We will have more tax revenue when 
more workers earn more money and 
get more good jobs. We will have less 
people who need public assistance. This 
bill not only provides tremendous op-
portunities for American workers to 
earn and learn and avoid debt while 
they are getting their credentials to 
get great jobs, but also really it is a 
very prudent and wise investment on 
behalf of the American taxpayers. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
Madam Speaker, I find it intriguing 
that my colleagues on the other side of 
the aisle say they are passing legisla-
tion that is cost-effective when they 
are anticipating millions of jobs and 
generating lots of revenue, especially 
when they are denying that they are 
taking money from hardworking tax-
payers who want to have apprentice-
ship programs that are not controlled 
by the Federal Government, and not al-
lowing those taxpayers—those employ-
ers—to tap into a system that has 
grant programs for them where they 
are creating real jobs not controlled by 
the unions. It is just intriguing to me 
that they could be doing that. 
I don’t know if I will be here 5 years 
from now or if Mr. LEVIN will be here 5 
years from now, but I sure hope some-
body does a check on the promises that 
are being made here for all the wonder-
ful things to come as a result of this 
bill. And I predict that those ‘‘invest-
ments’’ that are the income being 
taken from hardworking taxpayers are 
not going to produce what is being pre-
dicted by our colleagues. So it is in-
triguing for me to hear that. I do hope 
somebody will be around to check on it 
and give a report on it. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. PIN-
GREE). Pursuant to House Resolution 
85, the previous question is ordered on 
the amendments en bloc offered by the 
gentleman from Michigan (Mr. LEVIN). 
The question is on the amendments 
en bloc. 
The en bloc amendments were agreed 
to. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO. 3 OFFERED BY MR. 
LEVIN OF MICHIGAN 
Mr. LEVIN of Michigan. Madam 
Speaker, pursuant to section 3 of House 
Resolution 85, I rise to offer amend-
ments en bloc No. 3. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will designate the amendments 
en bloc. 
Amendments en bloc No. 3 consisting 
of amendment Nos. 14, 15, 16, 18, 19, 21, 
23, and 25, printed in part B of House 
Report 117–3, offered by Mr. LEVIN of 
Michigan: 
AMENDMENT NO. 14 OFFERED BY MS. MENG OF 
NEW YORK 
Page 23, line 5, insert before the period the 
following: ‘‘, in user-friendly formats and 
languages that are easily accessible, as de-
termined by the Administrator’’. 
Page 38, line 12, strike ‘‘and’’. 
Page 38, line 13, strike the period and in-
sert ‘‘; and’’. 
Page 38, after line 13, insert the following: 
‘‘(xi) the Federal Communications Com-
mission.’’. 
Page 77, line 16, insert before the semicolon 
the following: ‘‘, and that are in user-friend-
ly formats and languages that are easily ac-
cessible, as determined by the Secretaries’’. 
AMENDMENT NO. 15 OFFERED BY MS. MOORE OF 
WISCONSIN 
Page 21, line 23, insert ‘‘developing the 
State plan in section 113(c),’’ after ‘‘includ-
ing’’. 
Page 21, line 24, insert a comma after ‘‘sub-
title B’’. 
Page 29, after line 22, insert the following: 
‘‘(E) NONTRADITIONAL APPRENTICESHIP POP-
ULATIONS.—The Administrator shall regu-
larly evaluate the participation of the non-
traditional apprenticeship populations for 
each of the approved apprenticeable occupa-
tions, such as women, minorities, long-term 
unemployed, individuals with a disability, 
individuals with substance abuse issues, vet-
erans, military spouses, individuals experi-
encing homelessness, individuals impacted 
by the criminal or juvenile justice system, 
and foster and former foster youth. 
Page 30, line 8, strike ‘‘and’’ at the end. 
Page 30, line 10, strike the period at the 
end and insert ‘‘; and’’. 
Page 30, after line 10, insert the following: 
‘‘(D) require regular reports on the per-
formance of state agencies, including on ef-
forts state agencies make to increase em-
ployer awareness of apprenticeship programs 
for employers who have not participated. 
Page 31, line 18, insert ‘‘low-income par-
ticipants in related federal programs,’’ after 
‘‘disabilities’’. 
Page 32, line 14, strike the period at the 
end and insert ‘‘, to better promote partici-
pation in the national apprenticeship pro-
gram.’’. 
Page 107, after line 24, insert the following: 
‘‘ and’’ 
‘‘(D) LIST OF DISAPPROVED PROGRAMS.—The 
registration agency shall maintain a list of 
programs that were disapproved which in-
cludes the reasons for each such disapproval 
and provide such list to the Administrator at 
least annually. 
Page 118, line 14, strike ‘‘and’’ at the end. 
Page 118, line 20, insert ‘‘and’’ at the end. 
Page 118, after line 20, insert the following: 
‘‘(E) regularly assess the impact of appren-
ticeship programs under the national appren-
tice system in effectively increasing the par-
ticipation of women, minorities, individuals 
with disabilities, long term unemployed, in-
dividuals impacted by the criminal and juve-
nile justice system, foster and former foster 
youth, and individuals with barriers to em-
ployment; 
AMENDMENT NO. 16 OFFERED BY MS. OCASIO- 
CORTEZ OF NEW YORK 
Page 121, line 18, strike ‘‘energy,’’ insert 
‘‘energy (including renewable energy),’’. 
AMENDMENT NO. 18 OFFERED BY MR. PAYNE OF 
NEW JERSEY 
Page 137, line 20, strike ‘‘such as’’ and in-
sert ‘‘including’’. 
Page 138, line 9, insert ‘‘small businesses 
owned or controlled by women, minorities, 
or veterans,’’ before ‘‘and education’’. 
AMENDMENT NO. 19 OFFERED BY MS. ROSS OF 
NORTH CAROLINA 
Page 17, line 14, insert ‘‘dislocated work-
er,’’ after ‘‘pathway,’’. 
Page 22, line 24, strike ‘‘and’’. 
Page 23, line 5, strike ‘‘.’’ and replace with 
‘‘; and’’. 
Page 23, line 6, insert ‘‘(vi) assist State ap-
prenticeship agencies in establishing or ex-
panding apprenticeship hubs as is required in 
section 113(c)(7).’’. 
Page 64, line 16 , before the semicolon, add 
‘‘, including the recruitment of nontradi-
tional populations and dislocated workers’’. 
AMENDMENT NO. 21 OFFERED BY MR. SMITH OF 
WASHINGTON 
Page 146, after line 11, insert the following: 
‘‘(viii) providing stipends to pre-appren-
tices enrolled in a pre-apprenticeship pro-
gram to cover costs such as housing, trans-
portation, childcare or out of pocket ex-
penses resulting from the pre-apprenticeship 
program such as assessments and fees for in-
dustry-recognized credentials or drivers li-
censes during the time of enrollment; or’’. 
Page 146, line 12, strike ‘‘(viii)’’ and insert 
‘‘(ix)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO. 23 OFFERED BY MS. 
STRICKLAND OF WASHINGTON 
Page 21, line 2, insert before the semicolon 
the following: ‘‘, including the dissemination 
of best practices to recruit nontraditional 
apprenticeship populations, women, minori-
ties, long-term unemployed, individuals with 
a disability, individuals recovering from sub-
stance abuse disorders, veterans, military 
spouses, individuals experiencing homeless-
ness, individuals impacted by the criminal or 
juvenile justice system, and foster and 
former foster youth’’. 
AMENDMENT NO. 25 OFFERED BY MR. TORRES OF 
NEW YORK 
Page 122, line 12, insert ‘‘English language 
learners,’’ after ‘‘minorities,’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 85, the gen-
tleman from Michigan (Mr. LEVIN) and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00036
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.035
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 35-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H427 
February 5, 2021 
the gentlewoman from North Carolina 
(Ms. FOXX) each will control 10 min-
utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Michigan. 
Mr. LEVIN of Michigan. Madam 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I 
may consume. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in support of 
amendments en bloc No. 3. 
These amendments will ensure the 
availability of user-friendly materials, 
including materials in diverse lan-
guages, as part of the outreach re-
quired by this bill. 
They will add a representative of the 
Federal Communications Commission 
as an ex officio member of the National 
Advisory Committee on Apprentice-
ships. 
They will strengthen States’ efforts 
to ensure that low-income individuals 
have equal access to apprenticeships. 
They will clarify the inclusion of re-
newable energy in the list of nontradi-
tional apprenticeship industries and 
occupations supported in this bill. 
They will promote access to grants 
made under this bill for minority-, vet-
eran-, and women-owned businesses. 
They will increase support for ap-
prenticeship hubs and workforce devel-
opment 
organizations 
that 
support 
nontraditional populations and dis-
located workers. 
They will increase the ability of pre- 
apprenticeship programs to offer sti-
pends to participants. 
And they will encourage employers 
to participate in apprenticeship pro-
grams that target individuals with lan-
guage barriers. 
Again, Madam Speaker, just reading 
the list of these wonderful amendments 
offered by our colleagues shows the 
spirit of innovation and outreach that 
this bill represents. I urge you to sup-
port this bloc of amendments that will 
strengthen the bill. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to 
the 
gentlewoman 
from 
Washington 
(Ms. STRICKLAND). 
Ms. STRICKLAND. Madam Speaker, 
I rise today in support of my amend-
ment, which requires the Office of Ap-
prenticeship to use best practices to re-
cruit and retain nontraditional can-
didates. 
In 2019, only 9 percent of the 280,000 
apprentices surveyed by the Depart-
ment of Labor were women. Merely 16 
percent were non-White. In a country 
where nearly half the labor market is 
made up of women and one-quarter are 
people of color, our training pro-
grams—often debt-free pathways into 
good-paying jobs—must include the full 
diversity of our Nation. 
My amendment addresses this prob-
lem by ensuring that apprenticeship 
programs have ample resources to ef-
fectively recruit and retain nontradi-
tional candidates. But we can’t sop 
there. We must continue to uplift all 
communities in the South Sound, my 
home, and across the Nation by equi-
tably supporting women and people of 
color pursuing the American Dream. 
Everyone deserves access to economic 
opportunity and stability. 
Madam Speaker, I urge the adoption 
of this amendment and the underlying 
bill. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Madam Speaker, I want to highlight 
a couple of amendments in the en bloc 
that I have some reservations about 
and that I think would benefit from ad-
ditional discussion if this bill is taken 
up in the Senate. 
First, Moore amendment No. 15 cre-
ates a new reporting requirement on 
‘‘State agencies.’’ I don’t think new re-
porting requirements will achieve our 
goal of increasing employer engage-
ment in the registered apprenticeship 
program when the underlying bill dou-
bles down on the reasons employers 
choose not to participate in the first 
place. 
But I would at least encourage my 
Democrat friends to clarify if they 
mean for that reporting requirement to 
apply only to ‘‘State apprenticeship 
agencies’’ or if they truly want to em-
power the Department of Labor to de-
mand reports of any and every State 
agency it chooses, regardless of that 
agency’s involvement in apprenticeship 
programs. 
Second, Payne amendment No. 18 
may well make it harder to engage 
small- and medium-sized employers by 
requiring 
grantees 
to 
have 
dem-
onstrated expertise in engaging spe-
cific types of small- and medium-sized 
businesses. 
Madam Speaker, to be absolutely 
clear, I believe we should take reason-
able steps to encourage grantees to 
partner with small businesses owned or 
controlled by women, minorities, or 
veterans. The underlying bill does this. 
Unfortunately, the Payne amend-
ment actually requires demonstrated 
success in this area, which would likely 
shrink the pool of grantees signifi-
cantly, particularly in locations that 
already 
offer 
fewer 
apprenticeships 
programs. 
This 
is 
a 
well-meaning 
amendment, but as well-intentioned as 
it is, I hope the Senate will take an-
other look at how to increase the par-
ticipation of minority-, women-, and 
veterans-owned businesses without cre-
ating requirements that will reduce ap-
prenticeship opportunities. 
The balance of the amendments are 
unobjectionable. 
They 
are 
unobjectionable because they mostly 
don’t do anything noteworthy. In some 
cases they repeat provisions already in 
the bill. In other cases they add addi-
tional items to existing laundry lists. 
In short, these amendments are fine. 
They don’t make the bill better in any 
substantive way, but they don’t make 
it worse. 
But, Madam Speaker, the fact that 
the majority is spending our time on 
mostly meaningless amendments high-
lights the fundamental flaw in this bill 
and process. We are on the floor debat-
ing amendments that don’t do much, 
while amendments that could have 
made significant improvements to the 
bill were blocked by the Democrats 
from consideration. 
We have talked repeatedly during 
this debate about how the Democrat 
bill eliminates existing work-based 
learning programs at the Department 
of Labor, mostly nursing apprentice-
ship programs, at a time our economy, 
particularly 
the 
healthcare 
sector, 
needs all the help it can get. 
Representative 
ALLEN
offered 
an 
amendment to remedy this flaw in the 
bill, but my Democrat friends were 
afraid of taking that vote. So we aren’t 
considering that proposal today. 
We have talked repeatedly about how 
this bill doubles down on the existing 
flaws of the current 80-year-old system 
while offering no opportunities for em-
ployers or workers to pursue meaning-
ful innovation in the work-based learn-
ing space. 
Representative THOMPSON offered an 
amendment to fix that problem in the 
bill, but Democrats didn’t want to take 
that vote either. 
We have talked repeatedly about how 
this bill seeks to protect big labor at 
the expense of workers in desperate 
need of high-quality apprenticeship 
programs. Representative KELLER of-
fered an amendment and Mr. PERRY 
spoke of this inequity in his floor 
amendments. The amendment from Mr. 
KELLER would have put union and non-
union 
apprenticeship 
programs 
on 
equal footing. Democrats won’t let the 
people’s House weigh in on that issue. 
Madam Speaker, I am going to sup-
port this en bloc amendment, but I 
hope at some point we will have an 
honest debate about how to truly im-
prove this bill to provide workers the 
apprenticeship 
opportunities 
they 
need, or at least to protect the appren-
ticeship opportunities they currently 
have. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
b 1115 
Mr. LEVIN of Michigan. Madam 
Speaker, the tired rhetoric about big 
labor, big labor, big labor, the organi-
zations that workers create and pay for 
themselves to advocate their interests; 
yes, there is a lot of support for this 
bill from the labor movement. 
This bill is also endorsed by our may-
ors, by the National League of Cities. 
It is also endorsed by our community 
colleges, their national associations. It 
is also endorsed by multiple industry 
associations, 
including 
associations 
representing areas that don’t have a 
lot of apprenticeships that hope to 
have more. And it is endorsed by many 
equity organizations such as the Na-
tional Urban League. 
I also want to point out something 
else. No company or group of compa-
nies has to register their program. 
They are perfectly free, in this land of 
the free, to set up a training program, 
to pay for it themselves, to partner 
with labor organizations or colleges, to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00037
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.037
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 36-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H428 
February 5, 2021 
even use the word apprenticeship. No-
body has to register their apprentice-
ship. They are free to do whatever they 
want. 
This is about the Federal Govern-
ment developing and nurturing train-
ing programs that we can proudly say 
meet high standards to give real oppor-
tunities to preserve these kinds of sta-
tistics we are talking about: People 
who complete an apprenticeship earn-
ing an average of $70,000 a year; 94 per-
cent of people who complete appren-
ticeships getting good jobs. 
Also, some of my colleagues keep 
saying that all registered apprentice-
ships are controlled by the Federal 
Government. That is simply not true. 
Half of the States have State appren-
ticeship agencies, including the great 
State of North Carolina. 
In this bill, we codify their important 
and autonomous role and, for the first 
time ever, we provide annual funding 
because States have been so successful 
at expanding apprenticeships through 
Department of Labor grants. 
Again, for the first time, we stream-
line the registration process and create 
an in-the-box apprenticeship program 
to make it easier for small and me-
dium-sized businesses to get in this 
game. 
Madam Speaker, this bill is such a 
wonderful improvement on an already 
wonderful job training program. I urge 
everyone to support these en bloc 
amendments, and I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, our col-
leagues talk a lot about the fact that 
94 percent of people who complete ap-
prenticeship programs get jobs imme-
diately, but they never talk about the 
gold standard they call the registered 
programs, which graduate only 43 per-
cent of the people who enter them, so I 
think they are very selective in the 
statistics that they use. 
Madam Speaker, expanding funding 
and giving funding to State apprentice-
ship offices, in my opinion, is just a 
hook for more Federal control. And ev-
erything about this underlying bill is 
to have more and more control at the 
Federal Government level, which en-
hances the role of unions in apprentice-
ship programs. That is not the way we 
should be going. 
Our colleagues have not noticed, I 
think, how quickly the workforce is 
having to adapt to, particularly, tech-
nological changes that are occurring in 
our country. These programs change 
very, very little over time because of 
the hidebound unions and the hide-
bound system that we have. 
We need the employers on the ground 
who are dealing with creating new jobs 
all the time in new industries to be 
able to tap into their taxpayer dollars 
that are coming into the Federal Gov-
ernment, which are denied to them un-
less they are hooked to a union. That 
is wrong, and we need fair systems. 
As Mr. KELLER and Mr. PERRY have 
pointed out, even the standards set for 
industry programs that are controlled 
by unions are different than they are in 
the private sector. There are more reg-
ulations on the private sector than on 
the union programs. 
This is not a good way for us to be 
going in the year 2021. We need innova-
tion. We need to be forward-looking, 
not backward-looking. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 85, the pre-
vious 
question 
is 
ordered 
on 
the 
amendments en bloc offered by the 
gentleman from Michigan (Mr. LEVIN). 
The question is on the amendments 
en bloc. 
The en bloc amendments were agreed 
to. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
AMENDMENT NO. 10 OFFERED BY MR. HILL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is now 
in order to consider amendment No. 10 
printed in House Report 117–3. 
Mr. HILL. Madam Speaker, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 127, line 17, strike ‘‘and’’ and insert 
‘‘or’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 85, the gen-
tleman from Arkansas (Mr. HILL) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 
minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arkansas. 
Mr. HILL. Madam Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I want to thank my friend from 
Michigan and my friend from North 
Carolina for their leadership in pro-
moting apprenticeship programs that 
benefit the American people. 
Madam Speaker, my amendment is 
simple. It trades one word for another, 
but the impact is significant. The Na-
tional Apprenticeship Act states, to 
the extent practicable, that the part-
nerships for funding under Title II be 
part of an industry or sector partner-
ship and partner with a labor or joint 
labor-management organization. 
My amendment changes ‘‘and’’ to an 
‘‘or.’’ I am afraid that the unintended 
consequences of the word will be treat-
ed as a requirement for the Federal 
Government that entities requesting 
funding under Title II must partner 
with a union. 
This bill, as written, allows the gov-
ernment to play favorites with Title II 
funding and, instead, we should encour-
age entities to be empowered to make 
choices that are best for the workforce 
in their area. 
In my view, entities applying for 
Title II funding under the bill should 
be partnering with both non-union and 
union industry leaders. But I have no 
doubt that should this bill become law, 
bureaucrats at the Department of 
Labor will interpret the use of ‘‘and’’ 
in this section to mean that if you are 
not partnered with a union organiza-
tion you will not receive funding. That 
is my concern. 
My home State of Arkansas doesn’t 
have a large union presence, like many 
States around the country, and this 
legislation would make it more dif-
ficult for entities in my home State to 
receive Title II funding. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. LEVIN of Michigan. Madam 
Speaker, I rise in opposition to the 
amendment. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Michigan is recognized for 
5 minutes. 
Mr. LEVIN of Michigan. Madam 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I 
may consume. 
This amendment changes the word 
‘‘and’’ to ‘‘or,’’ as my colleague from 
Arkansas pointed out, and it may seem 
like a small change. But, instead, it in-
advertently could take away the em-
ployers’ seat at the table for appren-
ticeship grant partnerships. Let me ex-
plain why. 
Although my Republican colleague 
likely introduced this amendment to 
ensure that apprenticeship grantees do 
not have to partner with labor unions, 
the unintended consequence of this 
amendment is that it also ensures that 
applicants would not have to partner 
with an industry or sector partnership 
at the expense of only partnering with 
a union. 
Those in support of this amendment 
may not realize that nothing about 
this amendment prevents partnerships 
with labor organizations as industry or 
sector partnerships, as defined in the 
Workforce Innovation and Opportunity 
Act, or WIOA, require three key stake-
holders: Representatives of multiple 
businesses 
or 
employers, 
including 
small and medium-sized employers, 
labor representatives, and education or 
training programs. 
Any way you slice it, this amend-
ment does not actually meet the Re-
publican goal of attacking labor unions 
but, instead, attacks small and me-
dium-sized employers that could be 
part of these grant programs. 
At a time when small and medium- 
sized businesses across this country are 
struggling to get back on their feet, 
thanks to the mismanagement of this 
pandemic by the Trump administra-
tion, the last thing we need to do is 
take away their ability to benefit fully 
from the apprenticeship grants that 
are part of this bill. 
I would urge my colleague to with-
draw this shortsighted amendment and 
ensure that we are doing everything we 
can to help small and medium-sized 
businesses and education partners have 
a seat at the table for these apprentice-
ship grants. And if he does not, I would 
urge my colleagues to support small 
businesses and vote ‘‘no’’ on this 
amendment. 
And finally, let me just say that I 
think my colleague eloquently ex-
plained the situation where the prac-
ticable language was written for. If 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00038
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.039
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 37-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H429 
February 5, 2021 
there aren’t any unions around you are 
not going to be able to partner with 
unions, and so it is really not a prob-
lem. 
So this amendment doesn’t do what 
it is intended to do. It is harmful, and 
I urge people to oppose it. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. HILL. Madam Speaker, may I in-
quire how much time is remaining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman has 3 minutes remaining. 
Mr. HILL. Madam Speaker, I include 
in the RECORD letters in support of my 
amendment from the National Associa-
tion of Home Builders and the Associ-
ated General Contractors. 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF 
HOME BUILDERS, 
Washington, DC, February 3, 2021. 
Hon. NANCY PELOSI, 
Speaker, House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
Hon. KEVIN MCCARTHY, 
Minority Leader, House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR SPEAKER PELOSI AND LEADER MCCAR-
THY: On behalf of the more than 140,000 mem-
bers of the National Association of Home 
Builders (NAHB), I write to share our views 
on H.R. 447, the National Apprenticeship Act 
of 2021. 
NAHB shares Congress’s desire to align the 
national apprenticeship system with the 
needs of a 21st century workforce and ensure 
it better serves students, employers, schools, 
and other stakeholders. For decades, NAHB’s 
workforce development partner the Home 
Builders Institute (HBI) has offered skills de-
velopment opportunities and career and 
technical education to underserved, non-tra-
ditional, and at-risk populations through its 
Department of Labor (DOL)-recognized pre- 
apprenticeship curriculum. We appreciate 
the Committee on Education and Labor’s en-
gagement with us last Congress to address 
concerns we raised during the committee 
process. This has, in our view, improved the 
bill. 
However, we remain deeply concerned that 
the bill includes ambiguous language requir-
ing eligible entities seeking access to robust 
new grant funding to partner with a labor or 
joint labor-management organization ‘‘to 
the extent practicable.’’ Consequently, this 
provision could restrict bona fide, respected 
training providers’ access to grant opportu-
nities or force them to partner with orga-
nized labor groups with which they have no 
purpose for affiliation. NAHB strongly sup-
ports Hill Amendment #29 which clarifies 
that entities may partner with an industry 
sector partnership or with a labor or joint 
labor management organization to satisfy 
the grant program’s eligibility requirements. 
This will ensure access to critical funds by a 
diversity of registered training programs as 
employers seek to rebuild their workforces 
in the pandemic-ravaged economy. 
NAHB recognizes Congress’s work to ex-
pand youth and adult access to instruction 
in the skilled trades and believes the Na-
tional Apprenticeship Act of 2021 is a step in 
the right direction. As the bill moves for-
ward in the Senate, we look forward to work-
ing together to modernize the national ap-
prenticeship system to ensure pre-appren-
ticeships remain a viable training tool for 
residential construction. 
Sincerely, 
JAMES W. TOBIN III 
FEBRUARY 3, 2021. 
Hon. NANCY PELOSI, 
Speaker, House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
Hon. KEVIN MCCARTHY, 
Minority Leader, House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
AGC Key Vote: Vote ‘‘YES’’ on Hill Amend-
ment to H.R. 447, the National Appren-
ticeship Act of 2021. 
DEAR SPEAKER PELOSI AND MINORITY LEAD-
ER MCCARTHY: On behalf of the Associated 
General Contractors of America (AGC), I 
write to urge you to support the Rep. French 
Hill Amendment to H.R. 447 which would 
simply clarify that all registered apprentice-
ship programs are eligible for grants under 
the National Apprenticeship Act of 2021. De-
spite the pandemic, the construction indus-
try continues to experience a skilled worker 
shortage and anticipates that persisting in 
the future. As such, AGC urges a ‘‘YES’’ vote 
on this amendment and reserves the right to 
record your vote as a KEY VOTE for the edu-
cation of our more than 27,000 member firms. 
Workforce development has historically 
been a bipartisan issue. And H.R. 447 is well 
intentioned in seeking to expand apprentice-
ship opportunities and address the skilled 
worker shortage. The bill elevates and 
prioritizes the role apprenticeships can play, 
provides incentives for states to assist em-
ployers and offers technical assistance in the 
development of programs. Although the bill 
would provide new and significant funding 
increases for apprenticeship programs, the 
ability to fully capitalize on opportunities 
under Title II of the bill would be put into 
jeopardy and many registered apprenticeship 
programs would be ineligible to qualify. 
The Rep. Hill Amendment addresses the in-
equities in the bill by clarifying that all reg-
istered apprenticeship programs would be el-
igible 
for 
grants, 
not 
just 
programs 
partnering with unions to receive taxpayer 
support. AGC is proud of our contractor 
members’ support of union-affiliated joint 
apprenticeship training programs, but we be-
lieve all bona fide and high-quality appren-
ticeship programs that are registered with 
the U.S. Department of Labor and are not af-
filiated with a union program are still im-
portant components to addressing the work-
force development problem and should also 
be eligible for Title II grants under H.R. 447. 
Using the power of the federal purse to dis-
criminate against any U.S. DOL registered 
apprenticeship program for the sole reason 
that they are not partnered with a labor or 
joint labor-management organization is con-
trary to the stated goals of the legislation. If 
a program meets DOL’s rigorous standards 
for registration, then there’s no valid reason 
Congress should be restricting tools to 
upskill and train Americans as the economy 
and industry emerge from the global pan-
demic. 
Again, AGC urges a YES vote on Hill 
Amendment and looks forward to working 
with Congress on practicable solutions to 
our nation’s workforce needs. 
Sincerely, 
JAMES V. CHRISTIANSON. 
Mr. HILL. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentlewoman from North 
Carolina (Ms. FOXX), the distinguished 
ranking member on the Committee on 
Education and Labor. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I thank 
my distinguished colleague for yield-
ing. 
Currently, the underlying bill favors 
grant funding for entities that partner 
with unions. This would block count-
less potential participants from access-
ing these funds and would further ce-
ment the program in the way it has 
been since the 1930s. 
If we want to reach 1 million appren-
ticeships in this country, I fail to see 
how limiting access by creating ear-
marks and kickbacks will achieve that 
goal. 
The amendment offered by Rep-
resentative HILL
would make it op-
tional for grant applications to partner 
with unions. If the majority truly be-
lieves that this is not a requirement in-
tended to push more workers into 
unions, this should be no more than a 
technical clarification. 
Although it would not redeem the 
underlying bill, this amendment would 
be a step in the right direction toward 
opening more apprenticeship opportu-
nities for Americans. I strongly urge 
my colleagues to support this amend-
ment. 
Mr. LEVIN of Michigan. Madam 
Speaker, let me just explain a little 
more for folks at home who may not be 
obviously reading all of the details of 
this, the many pages of this bill, what 
we are talking about. 
This is about who is eligible to apply 
for grants, certain grants under this 
bill; and it says that to be eligible to 
apply for a grant under this title an el-
igible entity shall demonstrate a part-
nership with two or more of the fol-
lowing, and then it lists quite a num-
ber of different groups that they can 
partner with, State and local work-
force development boards, education 
training providers, State apprentice-
ship agencies, Indian Tribes or Tribal 
organizations, industry partnerships, 
Governors, labor organizations, com-
munity-based organizations, two or 
more, two or more. 
And then it says these words: To the 
extent practicable—a qualified inter-
mediary; and to the extent practicable, 
it shall be part of an industry or sector 
partnership and partner with a labor or 
joint labor-management organization. 
That is all it says. And the idea of 
changing that ‘‘and’’ to ‘‘or’’ would 
fundamentally change it. It would re-
duce the level of collaboration, and it 
would possibly eliminate the industry 
or sector partnership from the grant 
application or a labor organization. 
But since WIOA requires the labor or-
ganizations, it is not going to do what 
they think it does. It is a bad idea. It 
is not well crafted. I urge my col-
leagues to oppose it, and I yield back 
the balance of my time. 
b 1130 
Mr. HILL. Madam Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I thank my friend from Michigan. He, 
in the last Congress, in putting the 
word ‘‘and’’ into the act, said he want-
ed to give a shout-out to unions. There-
fore, I think he has actually identified 
it very well, that this does improve 
flexibility and choice. I am concerned 
about the Department of Labor reading 
the ‘‘and’’ as essentially a directive. So 
I believe the ‘‘or’’ is important, Madam 
Speaker. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00039
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.041
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 38-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H430 
February 5, 2021 
Americans are struggling with the 
COVID–19 crisis. Restrictions, as it re-
lates to title II funding of this bill, un-
intentionally hurt the American people 
trying to get new jobs and opportuni-
ties. We need every angle to help our 
citizens get to a successful career. 
I call on my colleagues to support 
this simple amendment, to change the 
underlying legislation, and I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Arkansas has the only re-
maining time. 
Mr. HILL. Madam Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
In closing, let me say this. Bottom 
line, in the construction industry, im-
portant to every one of our States, reg-
istered apprenticeships trained about 
28,000 people a year, where the need is 
over 440,000 people a year in construc-
tion. 
We 
need 
more 
flexibility. 
This 
amendment is flexible. It supports the 
American people. 
Madam Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote, 
and I yield back the balance of my 
time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 85, the pre-
vious 
question 
is 
ordered 
on 
the 
amendment offered by the gentleman 
from Arkansas (Mr. HILL). 
The question is on the amendment. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that 
the noes appear to have it. 
Mr. HILL. Madam Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 3(s) of House Resolution 
8, the yeas and nays are ordered. 
Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, fur-
ther proceedings on this question are 
postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO. 22 OFFERED BY MS. STEFANIK 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is now 
in order to consider amendment No. 22 
printed in House Report 117–3. 
Ms. STEFANIK. Madam Speaker, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Strike sections 3 and 4, and insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. 3. RULES AND REGULATIONS. 
In accordance with chapter 5 of title 5, 
United States Code, the Secretary of Labor 
may prescribe rules and regulations to carry 
out this Act. 
SEC. 4. AMENDMENT. 
The Act of August 16, 1937 (commonly re-
ferred to as the ‘‘National Apprenticeship 
Act’’; 50 Stat. 664, chapter 663; 29 U.S.C. 50 et 
seq.) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
‘‘(a) SHORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited 
as the ‘National Apprenticeship Act of 2021’. 
‘‘(b) TABLE
OF
CONTENTS.—The table of 
contents for this Act is as follows: 
‘‘Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
‘‘Sec. 2. Purposes. 
‘‘Sec. 3. Definitions. 
‘‘Sec. 4. Transition provisions. 
‘‘Sec. 5. Disaggregation of data. 
‘‘TITLE I—PROMOTING 
APPRENTICESHIPS 
‘‘Subtitle A—The Office of Apprenticeship, 
State Registration Agency Approval Process 
‘‘Sec. 111. The Office of Apprenticeship. 
‘‘Sec. 112. State apprenticeship agencies and 
State offices of Apprenticeship. 
‘‘Subtitle B—Process and Standards for the 
National Apprenticeship System 
‘‘Sec. 121. Process and Standards. 
‘‘Subtitle C—Evaluations and Research 
‘‘Sec. 131. Program 
evaluations 
and 
re-
search. 
‘‘Subtitle D—General Provisions 
‘‘Sec. 141. Authorization of appropriations. 
‘‘TITLE II—MODERNIZING THE NATIONAL 
APPRENTICESHIP SYSTEM FOR THE 
21ST CENTURY GRANTS 
‘‘Sec. 201. Grant requirements. 
‘‘Sec. 202. Grant appropriations. 
‘‘SEC. 2. PURPOSES. 
‘‘(a) AUTHORITY.—The purposes of this Act 
are to authorize and direct the Secretary of 
Labor to— 
‘‘(1) formulate and promote the further-
ance of labor standards necessary to safe-
guard the welfare of apprentices; 
‘‘(2) extend the application of such stand-
ards by encouraging the inclusion thereof in 
contracts of apprenticeship (in this Act re-
ferred to as ‘apprenticeship agreements’); 
‘‘(3) bring together employers and labor for 
the formulation of programs of apprentice-
ship; 
‘‘(4) cooperate with State agencies engaged 
in the formulation and promotion of stand-
ards of apprenticeship; and 
‘‘(5) cooperate with the Secretary of Edu-
cation. 
‘‘(b) ADDITIONAL
PROGRAMS.—In carrying 
out the authority provided in subsection (a), 
the Secretary— 
‘‘(1) shall establish and administer the pro-
gram under title I; and 
‘‘(2) may establish and administer addi-
tional programs of work-based learning as 
the Secretary determines appropriate, which 
may include activities to respond to the 
COVID–19 public health emergency. 
‘‘SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In titles I and II: 
‘‘(1) APPRENTICE.—The term ‘apprentice’ 
means a program participant in an appren-
ticeship program. 
‘‘(2) 
APPRENTICESHIP
AGREEMENT.—The 
term ‘apprenticeship agreement’ means a 
written agreement under 121 between— 
‘‘(A) an apprentice; and 
‘‘(B) a sponsor. 
‘‘(3) APPRENTICESHIP
HUB.—The term ‘ap-
prenticeship hub’ means a regional or sec-
toral qualified intermediary recognized by a 
State apprenticeship agency or a State Of-
fice of Apprenticeship as organizing and pro-
viding activities and services related to the 
development of programs under the national 
apprenticeship system. 
‘‘(4) 
APPRENTICEABLE
OCCUPATION.—The 
term ‘apprenticeable occupation’ means an 
occupation that the Secretary has deter-
mined meets the requirements of section 121. 
‘‘(5) APPRENTICESHIP
PROGRAM.—The term 
‘apprenticeship program’ means a program 
that meets the standards described in sec-
tion 121 and is registered under title I. 
‘‘(6) COMPETENCY.—The term ‘competency’ 
means the attainment of knowledge, skills, 
and abilities in a subject area. 
‘‘(7) DEPARTMENT.—The term ‘Department’ 
means the Department of Labor. 
‘‘(8) EDUCATION AND TRAINING PROVIDER.— 
The term ‘education and training provider’ 
means— 
‘‘(A) an area career and technical edu-
cation school; 
‘‘(B) an early college high school; 
‘‘(C) an educational service agency; 
‘‘(D) a high school; 
‘‘(E) a local educational agency or State 
educational agency; 
‘‘(F) an Indian Tribe, Tribal organization, 
or Tribal educational agency; 
‘‘(G) an institution of higher education; 
‘‘(H) a minority-serving institution (as de-
scribed in any of paragraphs (1) through (7) 
of section 371(a) of the Higher Education Act 
of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1067q(a))); 
‘‘(I) a provider of adult education and lit-
eracy activities under the Adult Education 
and Family Literacy Act (29 U.S.C. 3271 et 
seq.); 
‘‘(J) a local agency administering plans 
under title I of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 
(29 U.S.C. 720 et seq.), other than section 112 
or part C of that title (29 U.S.C. 732, 741); 
‘‘(K) a related instruction provider, as ap-
proved by a registration agency; or 
‘‘(L) a consortium of entities described in 
any of subparagraphs (A) through (K). 
‘‘(9) INDIAN TRIBE; TRIBAL ORGANIZATION.— 
The terms ‘Indian Tribe’ and ‘Tribal organi-
zation’ have the meaning given the terms 
(without regard to capitalization) in section 
4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-
cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b). 
‘‘(10) INTERIM CREDENTIAL.—″The term ‘in-
terim credential’ means a recognized post- 
secondary credential issued to an apprentice 
as certification of attainment of a com-
petency necessary to receive a certificate of 
completion of an apprenticeship. 
‘‘(11) 
JOURNEYWORKER.—The 
term 
‘journeyworker’ means a worker who has at-
tained a level of skill, abilities, and com-
petencies recognized within an industry as 
having mastered the skills and competencies 
required for the occupation. 
‘‘(12) NATIONAL
APPRENTICESHIP
SYSTEM.— 
The term ‘national apprenticeship system’ 
means the apprenticeship programs, youth 
apprenticeship programs, and pre-appren-
ticeship programs that meet the require-
ments of title I. 
‘‘(13) UNDER-REPRESENTED
APPRENTICESHIP 
POPULATION.—The term ‘under-represented 
apprenticeship population’ means a group of 
individuals (such as a group of individuals 
from the same gender or race) the members 
of which comprise fewer than 25 percent of 
the individuals participating in a program 
under the national apprenticeship system. 
‘‘(14) NONTRADITIONAL
APPRENTICESHIP
IN-
DUSTRY OR OCCUPATION.—The term ‘nontradi-
tional apprenticeship industry or occupa-
tion’ refers to an industry sector or occupa-
tion for which there are fewer than 10 per-
cent of all apprentices in all industries or oc-
cupations participating. 
‘‘(15) PROGRAM
PARTICIPANT.—The term 
‘program participant’ means an apprentice, a 
pre-apprentice, or a youth apprentice. 
‘‘(16) QUALIFIED INTERMEDIARY.— 
‘‘(A) IN
GENERAL.—The term ‘qualified 
intermediary’ means an entity that dem-
onstrates expertise in building, connecting, 
sustaining, and measuring the performance 
of partnerships described in subparagraph (B) 
and serves program participants and employ-
ers by— 
‘‘(i) connecting employers to programs 
under the national apprenticeship system; 
‘‘(ii) assisting in the design and implemen-
tation of such programs, including cur-
riculum development and delivery for re-
lated instruction; 
‘‘(iii) supporting entities, sponsors, or pro-
gram administrators in meeting the registra-
tion and reporting requirements of this Act; 
‘‘(iv) providing professional development 
activities; 
‘‘(v) connecting students or workers to pro-
grams under the national apprenticeship sys-
tem; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00040
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.043
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 39-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H431 
February 5, 2021 
‘‘(vi) developing and providing personalized 
program participant supports, including by 
partnering with organizations to provide ac-
cess to or referrals for supportive services 
and financial advising; 
‘‘(vii) providing services, resources, and 
supports for development, delivery, expan-
sion, or improvement of programs under the 
national apprenticeship system; or 
‘‘(viii) serving as a program sponsor. 
‘‘(B) PARTNERSHIPS.—The partnerships de-
scribed in subparagraph (A) means partner-
ships among entities involved in programs 
under the national apprenticeship system, 
including— 
‘‘(i) industry or sector partnerships; 
‘‘(ii) partnerships among employers, joint 
labor-management organizations, labor orga-
nizations, community-based organizations, 
State 
or 
local 
workforce 
development 
boards, education and training providers, so-
cial service organizations, economic develop-
ment organizations, Indian Tribes or Tribal 
organizations, or one-stop operators, or one- 
stop partners, in the State workforce devel-
opment system; or 
‘‘(iii) partnerships among one or more of 
the entities described in clauses (i) and (ii). 
‘‘(17) 
REGISTRATION
AGENCY.—The 
term 
‘registration agency’ means the Office of Ap-
prenticeship, a State Office of Apprentice-
ship or State apprenticeship agency that is 
responsible for— 
‘‘(A) approving or denying applications 
from sponsors for registration of programs 
under the national apprenticeship system in 
the State or area covered by the registration 
agency; and 
‘‘(B) carrying out the responsibilities of 
supporting the youth apprenticeship, pre-ap-
prenticeship, or apprenticeship programs 
registered by the registration agency, in ac-
cordance with section 121. 
‘‘(18) RELATED INSTRUCTION.—The term ‘re-
lated instruction’ means an organized and 
systematic form of instruction that meets 
the requirements of section 121. 
‘‘(19) RELATED
FEDERAL
PROGRAMS.—The 
term ‘related Federal programs’ means pro-
grams or activities under the following: 
‘‘(A) The Workforce Innovation and Oppor-
tunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102). 
‘‘(B) The Wagner-Peyser Act (29 U.S.C. 49 
et seq.). 
‘‘(C) The Elementary and Secondary Edu-
cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.). 
‘‘(D) The Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 
U.S.C. 1001 et seq.). 
‘‘(E) The Individuals with Disabilities Edu-
cation Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.). 
‘‘(F) Title I of the Rehabilitation Act of 
1973 (29 U.S.C. 720 et seq.). 
‘‘(G) Title V of the Older Americans Act of 
1965 (42 U.S.C. 3056 et seq.). 
‘‘(H) Career and technical education pro-
grams at the postsecondary level under the 
Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Edu-
cation Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2302). 
‘‘(I) Chapter 2 of title II of the Trade Act 
of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2271 et seq.). 
‘‘(J) Chapter 41 of title 38, United States 
Code. 
‘‘(K) Employment and training activities 
carried out under the Community Services 
Block Grant Act (42 U.S.C. 9901 et seq.). 
‘‘(L) Employment and training activities 
carried out by the Department of Housing 
and Urban Development. 
‘‘(M) State unemployment compensation 
laws (in accordance with applicable Federal 
law). 
‘‘(N) Section 231 of the Second Chance Act 
of 2007 (34 U.S.C. 60541). 
‘‘(O) Part A of title IV of the Social Secu-
rity Act (42 U.S.C. 601 et seq.). 
‘‘(P) Employment and training programs 
carried out by the Small Business Adminis-
tration. 
‘‘(Q) Section 6(d)(4) of the Food and Nutri-
tion Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2015(d)(4)). 
‘‘(20) SECRETARY.—The term ‘Secretary’ 
means the Secretary of Labor. 
‘‘(21) SPONSOR.—The term ‘sponsor’ means 
an employer, joint labor-management orga-
nization, trade association, professional as-
sociation, labor organization, education and 
training provider, or qualified intermediary 
that is applying to administer and operate, a 
program under the national apprenticeship 
system. 
‘‘(22) STATE APPRENTICESHIP AGENCY.—The 
term ‘State apprenticeship agency’ means a 
State agency recognized as a State appren-
ticeship agency under section 112. 
‘‘(23) STATE APPRENTICESHIP COUNCIL.—The 
term ‘State apprenticeship council’ means 
an entity established under section 113(b)(3) 
to assist the State apprenticeship agency. 
‘‘(24) STATE
OFFICE
OF
APPRENTICESHIP.— 
The term ‘State office of apprenticeship’ 
means the office designated by the Secretary 
to administer programs under the national 
apprenticeship system in such State and 
meets the requirements of section 111(b)(4). 
‘‘(25) STATE OR LOCAL WORKFORCE DEVELOP-
MENT BOARDS.—The terms ‘State workforce 
development board’ and ‘local workforce de-
velopment board’ have the meanings given 
the terms ‘State board’ and ‘local board’, re-
spectively, in section 3 of the Workforce In-
novation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 
3102). 
‘‘(26) 
STATE
WORKFORCE
AGENCY.—The 
terms ‘State workforce agency’ means the 
State agency with responsibility for work-
force investment activities under chapters 2 
and 3 of subtitle B of title I of the Workforce 
Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 
3121 et seq., 3131 et seq.). 
‘‘(27) CTE TERMS.—The terms ‘area career 
and technical education school’, ‘articula-
tion agreement’, ‘credit transfer agreement’, 
‘postsecondary educational institution’, and 
‘work-based learning’ have the meanings 
given in section 3 of the Carl D. Perkins Ca-
reer and Technical Education Act of 2006 (20 
U.S.C. 2302). 
‘‘(28) ESEA TERMS.—The terms ‘dual or 
concurrent enrollment program’, ‘early col-
lege high school’, ‘education service agency’, 
‘high school’, ‘local educational agency’, 
‘paraprofessional’, and ‘State educational 
agency’ have the meanings given in section 
8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-
cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). 
‘‘(29) WIOA 
TERMS.—The terms ‘career 
pathway’, ‘in-demand industry sector or oc-
cupation’, ‘individual with a barrier to em-
ployment’, ‘institution of higher education’, 
‘industry or sector partnership’, ‘labor mar-
ket area’, ‘local area’, ‘recognized postsec-
ondary credential’, ‘one-stop center’, ‘one- 
stop operator’, ‘one-stop partner’, ‘State’, 
‘supportive services’ and ‘workforce develop-
ment system’ have the meanings given in 
section 3 of the Workforce Innovation and 
Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102). 
‘‘SEC. 4. TRANSITION PROVISIONS. 
‘‘The Secretary shall take such actions as 
the Secretary determines to be appropriate 
to provide for the orderly transition to the 
authority of this Act (as amended by the Na-
tional Apprenticeship Act of 2021) from any 
authority under the Act of August 16, 1937 
(commonly referred to as the ‘National Ap-
prenticeship Act’; 50 Stat. 664, chapter 663; 29 
U.S.C. 50 et seq.), as in effect on the day be-
fore the date of enactment of the National 
Apprenticeship Act of 2021. In accordance 
with chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code, 
the Secretary may prescribe rules and regu-
lations to carry out this Act. 
‘‘SEC. 5. DISAGGREGATION OF DATA. 
‘‘The disaggregation of data under this Act 
shall not be required when the number of 
program participants in a category is insuffi-
cient to yield statistically reliable informa-
tion or when the results would reveal person-
ally identifiable information about a pro-
gram participant or would reveal such infor-
mation when combined with other released 
information. 
‘‘TITLE I—PROMOTING APPRENTICESHIPS 
‘‘Subtitle A—The Office of Apprenticeship, 
State Registration Agency Approval Process 
‘‘SEC. 111. THE OFFICE OF APPRENTICESHIP. 
‘‘(a) 
RESPONSIBILITIES.—The 
Secretary 
shall be responsible for the administration of 
this Act and such functions affecting the na-
tional apprenticeship system as the Sec-
retary shall delegate, which shall include the 
following: 
‘‘(1) APPRENTICESHIP DEVELOPMENT AND EX-
PANSION.—The Secretary is authorized to 
carry out promotion and awareness activi-
ties, including the following: 
‘‘(A) Supporting the development or scal-
ing of apprenticeship models nationally, pro-
moting the effectiveness of youth appren-
ticeship, pre-apprenticeship, and apprentice-
ship programs, and providing promotional 
materials to, among others, State appren-
ticeship agencies, State and local workforce 
development 
systems, 
State 
educational 
agencies, employers, trade associations, pro-
fessional associations, industry groups, labor 
organizations, joint labor-management orga-
nizations, education and training providers, 
and prospective apprentices in such pro-
grams. 
‘‘(B) Promoting greater diversity in the na-
tional apprenticeship system in underrep-
resented apprenticeship populations, and 
nontraditional apprenticeship industries and 
occupations, including by— 
‘‘(i) 
promoting 
outreach 
to 
underrep-
resented apprenticeship populations; 
‘‘(ii) engaging minority-serving institu-
tions, and employers from nontraditional ap-
prenticeship industries or occupations; and 
‘‘(iii) engaging small, medium-size, and mi-
nority businesses, and employers in high- 
skill, high-wage, and in-demand industry 
sectors and occupations that are nontradi-
tional apprenticeship industries or occupa-
tions. 
‘‘(2) TECHNICAL
ASSISTANCE
ACTIVITIES.— 
The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) provide technical assistance and dis-
seminate best practices as applicable to em-
ployers, sponsors, State apprenticeship agen-
cies, qualified intermediaries, education and 
training or related instruction providers, or 
other entities; and 
‘‘(B) cooperate with the— 
‘‘(i) Secretary of Education on establishing 
and sharing best practices for the alignment 
of apprenticeship programs with the edu-
cation system, including supporting the 
stackability and portability of academic 
credit and credentials earned as part of such 
programs; and 
‘‘(ii) State workforce development systems 
to promote awareness of opportunities under 
the national apprenticeship system. 
‘‘(3) STATE OFFICES OF APPRENTICESHIP.— 
‘‘(A) ESTABLISHMENT OF OFFICES.— 
‘‘(i) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary, at the re-
quest of a State described in clause (ii), shall 
establish and operate State Offices of Ap-
prenticeship to serve as the registration 
agency for a State described in clause (ii). 
‘‘(ii) APPLICABLE
STATES.—An applicable 
State is a State— 
‘‘(I) in which, as of the day before the date 
of enactment of the National Apprenticeship 
Act of 2021, the Secretary has not— 
‘‘(aa) established a State Office of Appren-
ticeship; and 
‘‘(bb) is not recognized a State apprentice-
ship agency under section 112; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00041
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.023
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 40-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H432 
February 5, 2021 
‘‘(II) submits the request described in 
clause (i). 
‘‘(B) VACANCIES.—Subject to the avail-
ability of appropriations, in the case of a 
State Office of Apprenticeship with a vacant 
position, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(i) make publicly available information 
on such vacancy; and 
‘‘(ii) report to the Committee on Education 
and Labor of the House of Representatives 
and the Committee on Health, Education, 
Labor, and Pensions of the Senate, on the 
status and length of such vacancy if such va-
cancy is not filled not later than 90 days 
after such position has become vacant. 
‘‘(C) RULE
OF
CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in 
this paragraph shall be construed to prohibit 
any State described in subparagraph (A)(ii) 
from establishing an agency or entity to pro-
mote programs under the national appren-
ticeship system in such State, in coordina-
tion with the State Office of Apprenticeship 
operating in the State, however, such agency 
or entity may not serve as the registration 
agency in such State unless it obtains rec-
ognition pursuant to section 112. 
‘‘(4) QUALITY
STANDARDS, APPRENTICESHIP 
AGREEMENT, AND
REGISTRATION
REVIEW.—In 
order for the Secretary to support the per-
formance standards of programs under the 
national apprenticeship system and to ex-
tend the application of such standards in ap-
prenticeship agreements, not later than 1 
year after the effective date of the National 
Apprenticeship Act of 2021, and not less than 
every 5 years thereafter, the Secretary shall 
review, and where appropriate, update the 
process for meeting the requirements of sub-
title B, including applicable regulations and 
subregulatory guidance to ensure that such 
process is easily accessible and efficient to 
bring together employers and labor as spon-
sors or potential sponsors of programs under 
the national apprenticeship system. 
‘‘(5) APPRENTICEABLE OCCUPATIONS.— 
‘‘(A) 
PROACTIVELY
APPROVED
OCCUPA-
TIONS.—Not later than 1 year after the date 
of enactment of the National Apprenticeship 
Act of 2021, the Secretary shall develop regu-
lations outlining a process for proactively 
establishing and approving standards for 
apprenticeable occupations in consultation 
with industry. 
‘‘(B) EXISTING
APPRENTICEABLE
OCCUPA-
TIONS.—In consultation with employers, the 
Secretary shall regularly review and update 
the requirements for each apprenticeable oc-
cupation to ensure that such requirements 
are in compliance with requirements under 
this Act, meet the needs of employers in 
such occupation, and promote the participa-
tion of small businesses. 
‘‘(C) NEW APPRENTICEABLE OCCUPATION.— 
‘‘(i) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall re-
view and make a determination on whether 
to 
approve 
an 
occupation 
as 
an 
apprenticeable occupation not later than 45 
days after receiving an application from a 
person or current or prospective program 
sponsor seeking such approval from the Sec-
retary. 
‘‘(ii) ESTIMATED
TIMELINE.—If such deter-
mination is not made within 45 days, the 
Secretary shall provide the applicant with a 
written explanation for the delay and offer 
an estimated timeline for a determination. 
‘‘(D) INDUSTRY
RECOGNIZED
OCCUPATIONAL 
STANDARDS.— 
‘‘(i) IN
GENERAL.—From the funds appro-
priated under section 141(a), the Secretary 
shall convene, on an ongoing basis, the in-
dustry sector leaders and experts described 
in clause (ii) for the purposes of establishing 
or updating specific frameworks of industry 
recognized 
occupational 
standards 
for 
apprenticeable occupations (including poten-
tial apprenticeable occupations) that— 
‘‘(I) meet the requirements of this Act; and 
‘‘(II) describe program scope and length, 
related instruction, on-the-job training, rec-
ognized postsecondary credentials, and com-
petencies, and relevant timelines for review 
of such frameworks. 
‘‘(ii) INDUSTRY
SECTOR
LEADERS
AND
EX-
PERTS.—The sector leaders and experts are 
employers, 
industry 
associations, 
joint 
labor-management organizations, labor orga-
nizations, education and training providers, 
credential providers, program participants, 
and other stakeholders relevant to the sector 
or occupation for which the frameworks are 
being established or updated, as determined 
by the Secretary. 
‘‘(iii) 
PRIORITY
INDUSTRY
RECOGNIZED 
APPRENTICEABLE
OCCUPATIONS.—In 
estab-
lishing frameworks under clause (i) for the 
first time after the effective date of the Na-
tional Apprenticeship Act of 2021, the Sec-
retary shall prioritize the establishment of 
such standards in high-skill, high-wage, or 
in-demand industry sectors and occupations. 
‘‘(6) PROGRAM
OVERSIGHT
AND
EVALUA-
TION.—The Secretary shall monitor State ap-
prenticeship agencies and State Offices of 
Apprenticeship. 
‘‘(7) PROMOTING DIVERSITY IN THE NATIONAL 
APPRENTICESHIP
SYSTEM.—The 
Secretary 
shall promote diversity and ensure equal op-
portunity to participate in programs for ap-
prentices, youth apprentices, and pre-appren-
tices, including— 
‘‘(A) taking steps necessary to promote di-
versity in apprenticeable occupations under 
the national apprenticeship system, espe-
cially in high-skill, high-wage, or in-demand 
industry sectors and occupations in areas 
with high percentages of low-income individ-
uals; and 
‘‘(B) ensuring programs under the national 
apprenticeship system adopt and implement 
policies to provide for equal opportunity to 
participate in programs under the national 
apprenticeship system and do not engage in 
discrimination as prohibited by section 
30.3(a) of title 29, Code of Federal Regula-
tions (as in effect on the day before the date 
of enactment of the National Apprenticeship 
Act of 2021), or engage in intimidation or re-
taliation as prohibited by section 30.17 of 
title 29, Code of Federal Regulations (as in 
effect on the day before the date of enact-
ment of the National Apprenticeship Act of 
2021). 
‘‘(8) GRANTS AWARDS.—The Secretary shall 
award grants under title II. 
‘‘(9) COORDINATION.—The Secretary shall 
coordinate and align programs under the na-
tional apprenticeship system with related 
Federal programs. 
‘‘(b) INFORMATION COLLECTION AND DISSEMI-
NATION.—The Secretary shall provide for 
data collection and dissemination of infor-
mation regarding programs under the na-
tional apprenticeship system, including— 
‘‘(1) establishing and supporting a single 
information technology infrastructure to 
support data collection and reporting from 
State apprenticeship agencies, State Offices 
of Apprenticeship, grantees under title II, 
program sponsors, and program administra-
tors under the national apprenticeship sys-
tem by providing for a data infrastructure 
that— 
‘‘(A) is developed and maintained by the 
Secretary, with input from national data and 
privacy experts, and is informed by best 
practices related to credential transparency; 
and 
‘‘(B) best meets the needs of the national 
apprenticeship system stakeholders report-
ing data to the Secretary or State appren-
ticeship agencies; and 
‘‘(2) making nonpersonally identifiable ap-
prenticeship data publicly available, search-
able, and comparable so that interested par-
ties can become aware of apprenticeship op-
portunities and of program outcomes that 
best meets the needs of youth apprentices, 
pre-apprentices, and apprentices, employers, 
education and training providers, program 
sponsors, and relevant stakeholders, includ-
ing— 
‘‘(A) information on program offerings 
under the national apprenticeship system 
based 
on 
geographical 
location 
and 
apprenticeable occupation; 
‘‘(B) information on education and training 
providers providing opportunities under such 
system, including whether programs under 
such system offer dual or concurrent enroll-
ment programs and articulation agreements; 
‘‘(C) information about the educational 
and occupational credentials and related 
competencies of programs under such sys-
tem; and 
‘‘(D) using the most recent data available 
to the Office that is consistent with national 
standards and practices. 
‘‘SEC. 112. STATE APPRENTICESHIP AGENCIES 
AND STATE OFFICES OF APPREN-
TICESHIP. 
‘‘(a) RECOGNITION OF STATE APPRENTICESHIP 
AGENCIES.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall rec-
ognize a State agency as a State apprentice-
ship agency in accordance with this section 
and cooperate with such State apprentice-
ship agency regarding the formulation and 
promotion of standards of apprenticeship 
under subtitle B. 
‘‘(2) APPLICATION.—For a State desiring to 
have a State agency recognized as a State 
apprenticeship agency under this section, 
the Governor shall submit the State plan de-
scribed in subsection (c)— 
‘‘(A) to the Secretary at such time and in 
such manner as the Secretary may require; 
or 
‘‘(B) to the State workforce board for in-
clusion in the the State plan under section 
102 or 103 of the Workforce Innovation and 
Opportunity Act (20 U.S.C. 3112, 3113). 
‘‘(3) REVIEW AND RECOGNITION.— 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 90 days 
after the date on which a State submits the 
State plan under paragraph (2), the Sec-
retary shall notify the State regarding 
whether the agency of the State is recog-
nized as a State apprenticeship agency under 
this section. 
‘‘(B) DURATION OF RECOGNITION.— 
‘‘(i) DURATION.—The recognition of a State 
apprenticeship agency shall be for a 4-year 
period beginning on the date the State ap-
prenticeship agency is notified under sub-
paragraph (A). 
‘‘(ii) NOTIFICATION.— 
‘‘(I) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall no-
tify a State apprenticeship agency not later 
than 180 days before the last day of the 4- 
year period regarding whether the State ap-
prenticeship agency is in compliance with 
this section. 
‘‘(II) COMPLIANCE.—In the case of a State 
apprenticeship agency that is in compliance 
with this section, the agency’s recognition 
under this section shall be renewed for an ad-
ditional 4-year period and the notification 
under subclause (I) shall include notification 
of such renewal. 
‘‘(III) NONCOMPLIANCE.—In the case of a 
State apprenticeship agency that is not in 
compliance with this section, the notifica-
tion shall— 
‘‘(aa) specify the areas of noncompliance; 
‘‘(bb) require corrective action; and 
‘‘(cc) offer technical assistance. 
‘‘(iii) RENEWAL AFTER CORRECTION.—If the 
Secretary determines that a State appren-
ticeship agency has corrected the identified 
areas of noncompliance under this subpara-
graph not later than 180 days of notification 
of noncompliance, the State apprenticeship 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00042
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.023
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 41-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H433 
February 5, 2021 
agency’s recognition under this section shall 
be renewed for an additional 4-year period. 
‘‘(C) TRANSITION PERIOD FOR STATE AGEN-
CIES.— 
‘‘(i) TRANSITION.—A State agency that, as 
of the day before the date of enactment of 
the National Apprenticeship Act of 2021, was 
recognized by the Secretary for purposes of 
registering apprenticeship programs in ac-
cordance with the Act of August 16, 1937 (50 
Stat. 664, chapter 663; 29 U.S.C. 50 et seq.), 
shall continue to be recognized for 1 year 
after the effective date of the National Ap-
prenticeship Act of 2021. 
‘‘(ii) APPLICATION
FOR
RECOGNITION.—Not 
later than 1 year after the effective date of 
the National Apprenticeship Act of 2021, a 
State agency that, as of the day before the 
date of enactment of the National Appren-
ticeship Act of 2021, was recognized by the 
Secretary for purposes of registering appren-
ticeship programs in accordance with the 
Act of August 16, 1937 (50 Stat. 664, chapter 
663; 29 U.S.C. 50 et seq.), shall submit an ap-
plication under paragraph (2). 
‘‘(iii) RECOGNITION PERIOD.—A State agency 
described in clause (ii) shall be recognized as 
a State apprenticeship agency under this 
section for a 4-year period beginning on the 
date on which the Secretary approves the ap-
plication submitted by the State agency 
under paragraph (2). 
‘‘(b) AUTHORITY
OF
A STATE APPRENTICE-
SHIP AGENCY.— 
‘‘(1) IN
GENERAL.—For the period during 
which a State apprenticeship agency is rec-
ognized under subsection (a) and to maintain 
such recognition, the State apprenticeship 
agency shall carry out the requirements of 
this Act. 
‘‘(2) PROGRAM
RECOGNITION.—With respect 
to a State with a State apprenticeship agen-
cy, the State apprenticeship agency shall 
have sole authority to recognize a pre-ap-
prenticeship, youth apprenticeship, or ap-
prenticeship program in such State, which 
shall include— 
‘‘(A) determining whether such program is 
in compliance with the standards for such 
program under section 121; 
‘‘(B) in the case of such a program that is 
in compliance with such standards, recog-
nizing the program and providing a certifi-
cate of recognition for such program; 
‘‘(C) providing technical assistance to cur-
rent or potential sponsors; and 
‘‘(D) in the case of such a program that 
fails to meet the requirements of this Act, 
providing for the withdrawal of recognition 
of the program in accordance with section 
131(b). 
‘‘(3) STATE APPRENTICESHIP COUNCIL.— 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—A State apprenticeship 
agency may establish and use or continue 
the use of a State apprenticeship council if 
the State apprenticeship council operates, or 
will operate, under the direction of the State 
apprenticeship agency, and in compliance 
with the requirements of this Act. The State 
apprenticeship council shall not have au-
thority to register programs or otherwise 
control or direct the operations of the State 
apprenticeship agency. 
‘‘(B) COMPOSITION.—A State apprenticeship 
council may be regulatory or advisory in na-
ture, and shall— 
‘‘(i) be composed of persons familiar with 
apprenticeable occupations; and 
‘‘(ii) be fairly balanced, with an equal num-
ber of— 
‘‘(I) representatives of employer organiza-
tions (including from nontraditional appren-
ticeship industries or occupations); 
‘‘(II) representatives of labor organizations 
or joint labor-management organizations 
(including from nontraditional apprentice-
ship industries or occupations); and 
‘‘(III) public members. 
‘‘(C) SPECIAL
RULE.—A State apprentice-
ship council shall not be eligible for recogni-
tion as a State apprenticeship agency. 
‘‘(c) STATE PLAN.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.— 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—For a state apprentice-
ship agency to be eligible to receive allot-
ments under subsection (f), the State shall 
submit to the Secretary a State plan in ac-
cordance with subsection (a)(2). 
‘‘(B) SUBSEQUENT PLANS.— 
‘‘(i) IN GENERAL.—Except as otherwise pro-
vided in this paragraph, a State plan shall be 
submitted to the Secretary not later than 
120 days prior to the end of the 4-year period 
covered by the preceding State plan. 
‘‘(ii) APPROVAL.—A State plan shall be sub-
ject to the approval of the Secretary and 
shall be considered to be approved at the end 
of the 90-day period beginning on the date 
that the plan is submitted under this para-
graph, unless the Secretary, during the 90- 
day period, provides the State apprenticeship 
agency, in writing— 
‘‘(I) an explanation for why the State plan 
is inconsistent with the requirements of this 
Act; and 
‘‘(II) an opportunity for an appeal of such 
determination. 
‘‘(C) MODIFICATIONS.— 
‘‘(i) IN GENERAL.—At the end of the first 2- 
year period of any 4-year State plan, the 
State may submit modifications to the State 
plan to reflect changes in labor market and 
economic conditions or other factors affect-
ing the implementation of the State plan. 
‘‘(ii) APPROVAL.—A modified State plan 
submitted for review under clause (i) shall be 
subject to the approval requirements de-
scribed in subparagraph (B)(ii). 
‘‘(2) STATE LAWS.—The State plan shall in-
clude— 
‘‘(A) a description of any laws (including 
regulations), policies, and operational proce-
dures relating to the process of recognizing 
programs under the national apprenticeship 
system that are inconsistent with, or impose 
requirements in addition to, the require-
ments of this Act; and 
‘‘(B) an assurance that the State will no-
tify the Secretary if there are any changes 
to the State laws (including regulations), 
policies, or procedures described in subpara-
graph (A) that occur after the date of sub-
mission of such plan. 
‘‘(3) TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE.—A description 
of how the State apprenticeship agency will 
provide technical assistance for— 
‘‘(A) potential sponsors, employers, quali-
fied intermediaries, apprentices, or any po-
tential program participant in the national 
apprenticeship system in the State for the 
purposes of recruitment, retention, and pro-
gram development or expansion; and 
‘‘(B) sponsors of programs registered in the 
State that are not meeting performance 
goals under subtitle C for purposes of assist-
ing such sponsors in meeting such goals. 
‘‘(4) RECIPROCITY.—An assurance that the 
State apprenticeship agency, in the case of a 
program recognized by a registration agency 
in another State and seeking registration in 
the State of such agency under this para-
graph, shall recognize such program in the 
State of such agency for purposes of this Act 
by not later than 30 days after receipt of an 
application for such recognition. 
‘‘(5) PROMOTING DIVERSITY IN THE NATIONAL 
APPRENTICESHIP
SYSTEM.—A description of 
how the State apprenticeship agency will 
promote diversity and equal employment op-
portunity in programs under the national ap-
prenticeship system in the State that— 
‘‘(A) promotes diversity in apprenticeable 
occupations offered throughout the State, 
and a description of how such agency will 
promote the addition of apprenticeable occu-
pations in high-skill, high-wage, or in-de-
mand industry sectors and occupations, and 
in nontraditional apprenticeship occupations 
and sectors; and 
‘‘(B) provides technical assistance on the 
implementation of the requirements of sec-
tion 111(b)(7)(B). 
‘‘(6) COMPLAINTS.—A description of the sys-
tem for the State apprenticeship agency to 
receive and resolve complaints concerning 
violations of the apprenticeship agreement, 
submitted by program participants, spon-
sors, or employers. 
‘‘(7) STATE
APPRENTICESHIP
HUBS.—A de-
scription of how the State apprenticeship 
agency will consider the creation and imple-
mentation of apprenticeship hubs through-
out the State, in a manner that takes into 
consideration 
geographic 
diversity, 
that 
shall work with industry and sector partner-
ships to expand programs under the national 
apprenticeship system, and apprenticeable 
occupations, in the State. 
‘‘(8) STATE
APPRENTICESHIP
PERFORMANCE 
OUTCOMES.—A description of how the State 
apprenticeship agency shall— 
‘‘(A) in coordination with the Secretary, 
establish annual performance goals for the 
programs registered by the State apprentice-
ship agency for the indicators described in 
section 131(b)(1)(A); 
‘‘(B) describe how the State apprenticeship 
agency will collect performance data from 
programs registered by the agency; and 
‘‘(C) annually report on the outcomes of 
each such program in relation to the State 
established goals under subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(10) ALIGNMENT
OF
WORKFORCE
ACTIVI-
TIES.—Each State plan shall describe how 
programs under the national apprenticeship 
system in the State are aligned with State 
workforce and education activities. 
‘‘(11) STATE
APPRENTICESHIP
COUNCIL.—A 
description of the composition, roles, and re-
sponsibility of the State apprenticeship 
council, if such council exists, and how the 
Council will comply with the requirements 
of subsection (b)(3). 
‘‘(d) STATE APPRENTICESHIP AGENCY FUND-
ING.—A State apprenticeship agency shall 
use 
funds 
received 
under 
subsection 
(f)(1)(A)(ii) according to the following re-
quirements: 
‘‘(1) PROGRAM ADMINISTRATION.—The State 
apprenticeship agency shall use such funds 
to support the administration of programs 
under the national apprenticeship system 
across the State, including for— 
‘‘(A) staff and resources; 
‘‘(B) oversight and evaluation as required 
under this Act; 
‘‘(C) technical assistance to program spon-
sors, program participants, employers, edu-
cation and training providers, and qualified 
intermediaries; 
‘‘(D) pre-apprenticeship, youth, and ap-
prenticeship program recruitment and devel-
opment, including for— 
‘‘(i) engaging potential providers of such 
programs such as employers, qualified inter-
mediaries, related instruction providers, and 
potential program participants; 
‘‘(ii) publicizing apprenticeship opportuni-
ties and benefits; and 
‘‘(iii) engaging State workforce and edu-
cation systems for collaboration and align-
ment across systems; and 
‘‘(E) supporting the enrollment and ap-
prenticeship certification requirements to 
allow veterans and other individuals eligible 
for the educational assistance programs 
under chapters 30 through 36 of title 38, 
United States Code, and any related edu-
cational assistance programs under laws ad-
ministered by the Secretary of Veterans Af-
fairs, to use such assistance for the appren-
ticeship program, including the requirement 
of designating a certifying official. 
‘‘(2) LEADERSHIP ACTIVITIES.— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00043
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.023
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 42-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H434 
February 5, 2021 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—A State apprenticeship 
agency may reserve not more than 25 percent 
of the funds received under subsection (f) in 
support of State apprenticeship initiatives 
described in this paragraph. 
‘‘(B) DIVERSITY.—Not less than 5 percent of 
the amount reserved under subparagraph (A) 
shall be used by the State apprenticeship 
agency for supporting and expanding diver-
sity in apprenticeable occupations under the 
national apprenticeship system in the State, 
and program participant populations in the 
State. 
‘‘(C) INCENTIVES FOR EMPLOYERS.—A State 
apprenticeship agency may use the funds re-
served under subparagraph (A) to incentivize 
employers to participate in programs under 
the national apprenticeship system. 
‘‘(D) STATE-SPECIFIC INITIATIVES.—A State 
apprenticeship agency may use the funds re-
served under subparagraph (A) for State-spe-
cific initiatives, such as the development or 
expansion of youth apprenticeship programs, 
pre-apprenticeship programs, or apprentice-
ship programs in high-skill, high-wage, or in- 
demand industry sectors and occupations. 
‘‘(E) WORKFORCE ALIGNMENT.—A State ap-
prenticeship agency may use the funds re-
served under subparagraph (A) to engage 
with the State’s workforce development sys-
tem in support of alignment with the State’s 
workforce activities and strategic vision. 
‘‘(F) EDUCATION
ALIGNMENT.—A State ap-
prenticeship agency may use the funds re-
served under subparagraph (A) to engage 
with the State education system in support 
of alignment of related instruction provided 
under the national apprenticeship system in 
the State with academic credit granting 
postsecondary programs. 
‘‘(3) STATE
MATCH
FOR
FEDERAL
INVEST-
MENT.—Except in the case of exceptional cir-
cumstances, as determined by the Secretary, 
in order to receive a full allotment under 
subsection (f), a State apprenticeship agency 
shall use matching funds from non-Federal 
resources to carry out the activities of the 
agency under this Act in an amount not less 
than 15 percent of such allotment. 
‘‘(e) DERECOGNITION OF STATE APPRENTICE-
SHIP AGENCIES.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary may with-
draw recognition of a State apprenticeship 
agency before the end of the agency’s 4-year 
recognition period under subsection (a)(2)(B) 
if the Secretary determines, after notice and 
an opportunity for a hearing, that the State 
apprenticeship agency has failed for one of 
the reasons described in paragraph (2), and 
has not been in compliance with the per-
formance improvement plan under paragraph 
(3) to remedy such failure. 
‘‘(2) DERECOGNITION
CRITERIA.—The rec-
ognition of a State apprenticeship agency 
under this section may be withdrawn under 
paragraph (1) in a case in which the State ap-
prenticeship agency fails to— 
‘‘(A) adopt or properly enforce a State 
plan; 
‘‘(B) properly carry out its role as the sole 
registration agency in the State; 
‘‘(C) 
submit 
a 
report 
under 
section 
131(a)(1)(B) for any program year; 
‘‘(D) meet the State levels of performance 
as described in subsection (b)(2)(A)(iii) for 3 
program years, or demonstrate improve-
ments in performance during such period; or 
‘‘(E) otherwise fulfill or operate in compli-
ance with the requirements of this Act. 
‘‘(3) DERECOGNITION PROCESS.— 
‘‘(A) IN
GENERAL.—If a State apprentice-
ship agency fails for any of the reasons de-
scribed in paragraph (2), the Secretary shall 
provide technical assistance to such agency 
for corrective action to remedy such failure, 
including assistance in the development of a 
performance improvement plan. 
‘‘(B) REDUCTION OF FUNDS.—Except in the 
case of exceptional circumstances as deter-
mined by the Secretary, in a case in which 
such a State apprenticeship agency con-
tinues such failure after the provision of the 
technical 
assistance 
under 
subparagraph 
(A)— 
‘‘(i) the percentage of the funds to be allot-
ted to the State apprenticeship agency under 
subsection (f) for each fiscal year following 
the fiscal year in which such failure has been 
identified shall be reduced by 5 percentage 
points; and 
‘‘(ii) the Secretary shall provide notice to 
the State apprenticeship agency that the 
agency’s recognition under this section may 
be withdrawn if the agency fails to remedy 
the failure. 
‘‘(C) TERMINATION OF PROCEEDINGS.—If the 
Secretary determines that the State appren-
ticeship agency’s corrective action under 
subparagraph (A) has addressed the agency’s 
failure identified under paragraph (2), the 
Secretary shall— 
‘‘(i) restore the agency’s full funding allo-
cation under this title for the next full fiscal 
year and for each succeeding year; and 
‘‘(ii) notify the State apprenticeship agen-
cy that the agency’s recognition will not be 
withdrawn under this section for the reason 
for which the agency’s funding under this 
title was most recently reduced. 
‘‘(D) OPPORTUNITY FOR HEARING.— 
‘‘(i) IN
GENERAL.—In a case in which a 
State apprenticeship agency fails to remedy 
a failure identified under paragraph (2), the 
Secretary shall— 
‘‘(I) notify, in writing, the State appren-
ticeship agency of the failure of the State 
apprenticeship agency, including a descrip-
tion of such failure and an explanation the 
agency’s recognition under this section may 
be withdrawn as a result of such failure; and 
‘‘(II) offer the State apprenticeship agency 
an opportunity to request a hearing not later 
than 30 days after the date of such notice. 
‘‘(ii) REFERRAL TO OFFICE OF ADMINISTRA-
TIVE
LAW
JUDGES.—In a case in which the 
State apprenticeship agency requests a hear-
ing under clause (i)(II), the Secretary shall 
refer the matter to the Department’s Office 
of Administrative Law Judges, which shall 
adjudicate the matter pursuant to its regula-
tions, with an opportunity to appeal the Ad-
ministrative Law Judge’s decision to the De-
partment’s Administrative Review Board. 
‘‘(4) REQUIREMENTS AFTER WITHDRAWAL OF 
RECOGNITION.— 
‘‘(A) OFFICE OF APPRENTICESHIP.— 
‘‘(i) PRIOR TO ORDER.—Prior to the with-
drawal of the recognition of a State appren-
ticeship agency under this section, the Sec-
retary shall— 
‘‘(I) establish a State Office of Apprentice-
ship using the process described in section 
111(b)(3); and 
‘‘(II) provide to the State apprenticeship 
agency an order withdrawing recognition of 
such agency under this section. 
‘‘(ii) AFTER ORDER.—Not later than 30 days 
after the date of such order, notify the spon-
sors of the programs under the national ap-
prenticeship system in such State that were 
registered with the State apprenticeship 
agency to enable each such sponsor to be 
registered 
with 
the 
Secretary 
(acting 
through the State Office of Apprenticeship 
established under clause (i)(II)). 
‘‘(B) STATE
APPRENTICESHIP
AGENCY
RE-
QUIREMENTS.—A State agency whose recogni-
tion as a State apprenticeship agency under 
this section has been withdrawn under para-
graph (3) shall— 
‘‘(i) provide to the Secretary program 
standards, apprenticeship agreements, com-
pletion records, cancellation and suspension 
records, performance metrics, and any other 
documents relating to the State’s programs 
under the national apprenticeship system in 
the State; 
‘‘(ii) cooperate fully during the transition 
period beginning on the date of the order 
withdrawing such recognition and ending on 
the date on which the Secretary establishes 
a State Office of Apprenticeship in the State; 
and 
‘‘(iii) return any unused funds received 
under this Act. 
‘‘(5) REINSTATEMENT
OF
RECOGNITION.—A 
State apprenticeship agency that has had its 
recognition withdrawn under this section 
may have such recognition reinstated upon 
presentation of adequate evidence that the 
State apprenticeship agency has— 
‘‘(A) has submitted an application under 
subsection (a)(2), and 
‘‘(B) has demonstrated the ability to oper-
ate in compliance with the requirements of 
this Act. 
‘‘(f) 
RESERVATION
AND
STATE
ALLOT-
MENTS.— 
‘‘(1) STATE ALLOTMENTS.— 
‘‘(A) IN
GENERAL.—Of the amount appro-
priated under subsection (g) for a fiscal 
year— 
‘‘(i) 1/3 shall be equally distributed among 
each State Office of Apprenticeship, outlying 
area, and eligible State; and 
‘‘(ii) 2/3 shall be allotted to eligible States 
on the basis described in subparagraph (B). 
‘‘(B) FORMULA.— 
‘‘(i) IN GENERAL.—Of the amount available 
under subparagraph (A)(ii)— 
‘‘(I) 50 percent shall be allotted on the 
basis of the relative share of apprentices in 
each eligible State, as determined on the 
basis of the most recent satisfactory data 
available from the Secretary, compared to 
the total number of apprentices in all eligi-
ble States; and 
‘‘(II) 50 percent shall be allotted on the 
basis described in clause (ii). 
‘‘(ii) ALLOTMENTS.—Of the amount avail-
able under clause (i)(II)— 
‘‘(I) 331⁄3 percent shall be allotted on the 
basis of the relative share of jobs that are 
available in each eligible State on the last 
business day of the month, as determined on 
the basis of the most recent satisfactory 
data available from the Secretary, compared 
to the total number of jobs available in all 
eligible States, as so determined; and 
‘‘(II) 331⁄3 percent shall be allotted the basis 
of the relative number of unemployed indi-
viduals in areas of substantial unemploy-
ment in each State, compared to the total 
number of unemployed individuals in areas 
of substantial unemployment in all eligible 
States; and 
‘‘(III) 331⁄3 percent shall be allotted on the 
basis of the relative share of individuals in 
the civilian labor force in each eligible 
State, compared to the total number of indi-
viduals in the civilian labor force in all eligi-
ble States. 
‘‘(2) DEFINITIONS.—In this subsection: 
‘‘(A) AREA
OF
SUBSTANTIAL
UNEMPLOY-
MENT.—The term ‘area of substantial unem-
ployment’ has the meaning given the term in 
section 132(b)(1)(B)(v) of the Workforce Inno-
vation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 
3172(b)(1)(B)(v)). 
‘‘(B) ELIGIBLE
STATE.—The term ‘eligible 
State’ means a State that has a State ap-
prenticeship agency. 
‘‘(C) OUTLYING AREA.—The term ‘outlying 
area’ means American Samoa, Guam, the 
Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Is-
lands, and the United States Virgin Islands. 
‘‘(g) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to 
carry out this section— 
‘‘(1) $75,000,000 for fiscal year 2022; 
‘‘(2) $76,000,000 for fiscal year 2023; 
‘‘(3) $77,000,000 for fiscal year 2024; 
‘‘(4) $78,000,000 for fiscal year 2025; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00044
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.023
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 43-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H435 
February 5, 2021 
‘‘(5) $79,000,000 for fiscal year 2026. 
‘‘Subtitle B—Process and Standards for the 
National Apprenticeship System 
‘‘SEC. 121. PROCESS AND STANDARDS. 
‘‘(a) APPRENTICESHIP.— 
‘‘(1) APPROVAL.—For an occupation to be 
an apprenticeable occupation under this Act, 
an entity seeking approval for such occupa-
tion to be an apprenticeable occupation shall 
submit an application to the Secretary that 
demonstrates that apprenticeships under 
such apprenticeable occupation will prepare 
individuals for the full range of skills and 
competencies needed for such occupation 
through a time-based, competency-based, or 
a hybrid model as described in section 
121(b)(1)(D). 
‘‘(2) ADDITIONAL
APPRENTICEABLE
OCCUPA-
TIONS.—The Secretary, in consultation with 
employers and other stakeholders in related 
industries, may establish standards for addi-
tional apprenticeable occupations as nec-
essary. 
‘‘(b) 
APPRENTICESHIP
PROGRAM
STAND-
ARDS.—In addition to the standards described 
in subsection (e), an apprenticeship program 
shall meet the following standards: 
‘‘(1) The program has an organized and 
clearly written plan, developed by the spon-
sor, that includes, at a minimum, the fol-
lowing information: 
‘‘(A) The employment and training to be 
received by each apprentice participating in 
the program, including— 
‘‘(i) an outline of the work processes or the 
plan in which the apprentice will receive su-
pervised work experience and on-the-job 
learning; 
‘‘(ii) the allocation of the approximate 
amount of time to be spent in each major 
work process; and 
‘‘(iii) a description or timeline explaining 
the periodic reviews and evaluations of the 
apprentice’s performance on the job and in 
related instruction. 
‘‘(B) A description of the organized, related 
instruction the apprentice will receive in 
technical subjects related to the occupation, 
which— 
‘‘(i) for time-based or hybrid apprentice-
ship programs as described in subparagraph 
(D), shall include not less than 144 hours for 
each year of apprenticeship, unless an alter-
native requirement is put forth by the em-
ployer and sponsor that reflects industry 
standards and is accepted by the registration 
agency; 
‘‘(ii) may be accomplished through class-
room instruction, occupational or industry 
courses, instruction provided through elec-
tronic media, or other instruction approved 
by the registration agency; and 
‘‘(iii) shall be provided by one or more 
qualified instructors that— 
‘‘(I) meet the requirements for a voca-
tional-technical instructor in the State of 
registration; or 
‘‘(II) are subject matter experts, defined for 
purposes of this subparagraph as individuals 
recognized within an industry as having ex-
pertise in a specific occupation. 
‘‘(C) A progressively increasing, clearly de-
fined schedule of wages to be paid to the ap-
prentice that is— 
‘‘(i) consistent with skill gains or attain-
ment of a recognized postsecondary creden-
tial; and 
‘‘(ii) ensures the entry wage is not less 
than the greater of— 
‘‘(I) the minimum wage required under sec-
tion 6(a) of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 
1938 (29 U.S.C. 206(a)); or 
‘‘(II) the applicable wage required by other 
applicable Federal or State laws (including 
regulations) or collective bargaining agree-
ments. 
‘‘(D) The term of the apprenticeship pro-
gram, which may be measured using— 
‘‘(i) a time-based model, which requires the 
completion of the industry standard for on- 
the-job learning hours (which in no case 
shall be less than 2,000 hours, unless an alter-
native requirement is put forth by the em-
ployer and sponsor that reflects industry 
standards and is accepted by the registration 
agency); 
‘‘(ii) a competency-based model, which re-
quires the attainment of competency in the 
occupation; or 
‘‘(iii) a hybrid model, which blends the 
time-based 
and 
competency-based 
ap-
proaches. 
‘‘(E) The methods used to measure an ap-
prentice’s skills and competencies, which 
shall include— 
‘‘(i) in the case of a competency-based 
model, the individual apprentice’s successful 
demonstration of acquired skills and knowl-
edge through appropriate means of testing 
and evaluation for such competencies, and 
by requiring apprentices to complete a paid 
on-the-job learning component of the ap-
prenticeship; 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a time-based apprentice-
ship described in subparagraph (D)(i), the in-
dividual apprentice’s completion of the re-
quired hours of on-the-job learning as de-
scribed in a work process schedule; or 
‘‘(iii) in the case of a hybrid apprenticeship 
described in subparagraph (D)(iii), a com-
bination of specified minimum number of 
hours of on-the-job learning and the success-
ful demonstration of competency, as de-
scribed in a work process schedule. 
‘‘(2) The program equally grants advanced 
standing or credit to all individuals applying 
for the apprenticeship with demonstrated 
competency or acquired experience or skills, 
and provides commensurate wages for any 
progression in standing or credit so granted, 
including 
for 
veterans’ 
service-acquired 
skills and experiences. 
‘‘(3) The program has minimum qualifica-
tions for individuals desiring to enter the ap-
prenticeship program, with an eligible start-
ing age for an apprentice of not less than 16 
years. 
‘‘(4) In the case of a program that chooses 
to issue an interim credential, the program— 
‘‘(A) clearly identifies each interim creden-
tial; 
‘‘(B) only issues an interim credential for 
recognized components of an apprenticeable 
occupation and demonstrates how each in-
terim credential specifically links to the 
knowledge, skills, and abilities associated 
with such components; and 
‘‘(C) establishes the process for assessing 
an individual apprentice’s demonstration of 
competency and measurable skill gains asso-
ciated with the particular interim creden-
tial. 
‘‘(c) PRE-APPRENTICESHIP PROGRAM STAND-
ARDS.—In addition to the standards described 
in subsection (e), a pre-apprenticeship pro-
gram shall meet the following standards: 
‘‘(1) The program is designed to assist indi-
viduals who do not meet minimum qualifica-
tions for an apprenticeship program as de-
scribed in subsection (b), and prepare them 
to enter and succeed in apprenticeship pro-
grams, including by providing the skills and 
competency attainment needed to enter the 
apprenticeship program. 
‘‘(2) The program includes a written plan 
developed by the sponsor that— 
‘‘(A) provides for work-based learning in 
which an industry or sector partnership and 
a related instruction provider collaborate to 
provide training that will introduce partici-
pants to the skills, competencies, and mate-
rials used in one or more apprenticeable oc-
cupations; 
‘‘(B) is based on and aligned with national, 
State, regional, or local industry standards 
for high-skill, high-wage, or in-demand in-
dustry sectors and occupations; 
‘‘(C) to the extent appropriate and prac-
ticable, meets the related instruction re-
quirements as described in clauses (ii) 
through (iv) of subsection (b)(1)(C); and 
‘‘(D) includes mentoring, career exposure, 
career planning, and career awareness activi-
ties. 
‘‘(d) 
YOUTH
APPRENTICESHIP
PROGRAM 
STANDARDS.—In addition to the standards de-
scribed in subsection (e), a youth apprentice-
ship program shall meet the following stand-
ards: 
‘‘(1) The program is designed for youth ap-
prentices who at the start of the program are 
enrolled in high school. 
‘‘(2) The program includes each of the fol-
lowing core elements: 
‘‘(A) The employment and training to be 
received by each youth apprentice partici-
pating in the program, including— 
‘‘(i) an outline of the work processes or the 
plan in which the youth apprentice will re-
ceive supervised work experience; 
‘‘(ii) the allocation of the approximate 
amount of time to be spent in each major 
work process; and 
‘‘(iii) a description or timeline explaining 
the periodic reviews and evaluations of the 
youth apprentice’s performance on the job 
and in related instruction. 
‘‘(B) Related classroom-based instruction, 
which may be fulfilled through dual or con-
current enrollment. 
‘‘(C) The term of the youth apprenticeship 
program, as described in subsection (b)(1)(E). 
‘‘(D) For a competency-based or hybrid 
youth apprenticeship program, the methods 
used to measure skill acquisition for a youth 
apprentice, including ongoing assessment 
against established skill and competency 
standards 
as 
described 
in 
subsection 
(a)(1)(F). 
‘‘(E) Prepares the youth apprentice for 
placement in further education, employ-
ment, or an apprenticeship program. 
‘‘(3) In the case of a youth apprenticeship 
program that chooses to issue an interim 
credential, the program meets the require-
ments of subsection (b)(4). 
‘‘(e) GENERAL
REQUIREMENTS.—Each pro-
gram under the national apprenticeship sys-
tem shall meet the following standards: 
‘‘(1) The program has safe equipment, envi-
ronments, and facilities for on-the-job learn-
ing and supervision. 
‘‘(2) The program records and maintains all 
records concerning the program as may be 
required by the Secretary, the registration 
agency of the program, or any other applica-
ble law, including records required under 
title 38, United States Code, in order for vet-
erans and other individuals eligible for edu-
cational assistance under such title to use 
such assistance for enrollment in the pro-
gram. 
‘‘(3) The program provides all individuals 
with an equal opportunity to participate in 
the 
program 
as 
described 
in 
section 
111(b)(7)(B). 
‘‘(4) The program awards a certificate of 
completion in recognition of successful com-
pletion of the program, evidenced by an ap-
propriate certificate issued by the registra-
tion agency. 
‘‘(5) The program provides that an indi-
vidual who is to become a program partici-
pant under the program enters into a written 
apprenticeship agreement described in sub-
section (g) with the sponsor of the program. 
‘‘(f) WAIVER OR MODIFICATION AUTHORITY.— 
The Secretary shall have authority to— 
‘‘(1) waive any requirements of subsections 
(b) through (e) for small businesses or first- 
time sponsors who demonstrate a need for 
such waiver; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00045
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.023
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 44-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H436 
February 5, 2021 
‘‘(2) modify the requirements of sub-
sections (b) through (e), as applicable, upon 
request from employers or other industry 
stakeholders. 
‘‘(g) APPRENTICESHIP AGREEMENTS.—To en-
sure the standards described in subsections 
(a) through (e) are applied to programs under 
the national apprenticeship system, the reg-
istration agency shall require a sponsor to 
develop an apprenticeship agreement that 
shall— 
‘‘(1) be the same for each program partici-
pant; 
‘‘(2) contain the names and signatures of 
the program participant and the sponsor; 
‘‘(3) meet the requirements of subsection 
(h), and any other requirements determined 
solely by the sponsor; and 
‘‘(4) be submitted to the registration agen-
cy in accordance with section 121(i). 
‘‘(h) APPRENTICESHIP
AGREEMENT
STAND-
ARDS.—Each agreement under subsection (g) 
shall contain, explicitly or by reference— 
‘‘(1) in the case of an apprenticeship pro-
gram— 
‘‘(A) that is time-based, a statement of the 
number of hours to be spent by the program 
participant in on-the-job learning and work 
components in order to complete the pro-
gram; 
‘‘(B) that is competency-based, a descrip-
tion of the skill sets to be attained by com-
pletion of the program, including the on-the- 
job learning and work components; or 
‘‘(C) that is hybrid-based, the minimum 
number of hours to be spent by the program 
participant in on-the-job learning and work 
components and in related instruction, and a 
description of the skill sets and com-
petencies to be attained by completion of the 
program; 
‘‘(2) the number of hours and form of re-
lated instruction; 
‘‘(3) a schedule of the work processes in the 
occupation or industry divisions in which 
the program participant is to be educated 
and the approximate time to be spent at 
each process; 
‘‘(4) for apprenticeships, the graduated 
wage scale to be paid to the apprentices in 
the apprentices’ locality, benefits offered to 
the apprentices in the apprentices’ locality, 
and how the wages and benefits compare to 
State, local, or regional wages in the related 
occupation; 
‘‘(5) assurance of compliance with section 
111(b)(7)(B) stating that the program partici-
pant will be accorded equal opportunity; and 
‘‘(6) the ratio of program participants to 
mentors, 
journeyworkers, 
or 
on-the-job 
training instructors, as applicable, for the 
apprenticeable occupation, that are based on 
evidence-based and evidence-informed best 
practices for safety throughout the work 
processes of the program, job site, depart-
ment, or plant. 
‘‘(i) APPRENTICESHIP REGISTRATION APPLI-
CATION.—The Secretary shall provide for the 
registration of programs in which a sponsor 
applying to register a program under the na-
tional apprenticeship system shall request 
registration of such program from a registra-
tion agency by submitting the information 
required by the registration agency, includ-
ing— 
‘‘(1) information demonstrating that each 
of 
the 
requirements 
of 
subsections 
(a) 
through (f) will be met for the program; 
‘‘(2) a copy of the apprenticeship agree-
ment described in subsection (g) used by the 
sponsor; 
‘‘(3) a written assurance that, if the pro-
gram is registered under this title, the spon-
sor will administer the program in accord-
ance with the requirements of this title and 
comply with the requirements of the appren-
ticeship agreement for each apprentice; and 
‘‘(4) methods for reporting annually data 
describing the outcomes associated with the 
program as required by the registration 
agency. 
‘‘(j) RECOGNITION AND REGISTRATION PROC-
ESS.— 
‘‘(1) REVIEW AND APPROVAL PROCESS.— 
‘‘(A) PROVISIONAL
APPROVAL
REVIEW.—An 
application submitted under subsection (i) 
that the registration agency determines 
meets the requirements described in such 
subsection shall be registered for a provi-
sional 1-year period beginning not later than 
30 days after such application is submitted. 
During such period, the registration agency 
shall accept and record the apprenticeship 
agreement as evidence of the program’s com-
pliance and registration to operate such pro-
gram. 
‘‘(B) FULL APPROVAL OR EXTENDED PROVI-
SIONAL
APPROVAL.—By the end of a provi-
sional registration period for a program, the 
registration agency providing provisional ap-
proval under subparagraph (A) shall review 
the program for quality and for compliance 
with the applicable standards under this sub-
title and all other applicable program re-
quirements under this Act, and— 
‘‘(i) if a registration agency conducting a 
provisional review determines that the pro-
gram complies with the standards and re-
quirements under this Act, the registration 
agency shall fully approve the registration of 
the program; or 
‘‘(ii) if a registration agency conducting a 
provisional review determines that the pro-
gram is not conforming to the requirements 
or standards under this Act, the registration 
agency may continue the provisional reg-
istration of the program through the first 
full training cycle for program participants, 
and conduct an additional provisional review 
at the conclusion of the training cycle. 
‘‘(C) FAILURE TO MEET REQUIREMENTS.—If a 
registration agency conducting a provisional 
review under subparagraph (A) determines 
that the program is not in operation or does 
not conform to the requirements under this 
Act, the registration agency shall rec-
ommend technical assistance and corrective 
action for the program, or deregistration, in 
accordance 
with 
procedures 
established 
under section 131(b). 
‘‘(2) CERTIFICATE OF REGISTRATION.— 
‘‘(A) IN
GENERAL.—A registration agency 
that registers a program under paragraph (1) 
shall— 
‘‘(i) provide the sponsor of the program 
with a certificate of registration or other 
written evidence of registration; 
‘‘(ii) provide a copy of the certificate of 
registration; and 
‘‘(iii) provide a copy of the certificate of 
registration to the Secretary of Veterans Af-
fairs or the applicable State veterans agency 
for the purpose of aligning the registration 
process with the process for approving such 
program for eligible veterans’ use of supple-
mental educational assistance benefits. 
‘‘(B) REGISTRATION NAME.—A program shall 
be registered in the name of the sponsor, or 
if a sponsor enters into a partnership with an 
employer who registers the program, in the 
name of the employer. 
‘‘(3) PROGRAM PARTICIPANT REGISTRATION.— 
A sponsor providing a program that is reg-
istered in accordance with paragraph (2) 
shall provide to an individual seeking to be 
a program participant the opportunity to 
apply through the sponsor, and shall— 
‘‘(A) enter into a written individual ap-
prenticeship agreement described in sub-
section (g) with each such individual before 
the commencement of the program; and 
‘‘(B) individually register each program 
participant with the registration agency by 
filing a copy of the individual apprenticeship 
agreement with the registration agency or as 
otherwise required by the registration agen-
cy, and sharing a copy with the Secretary as 
appropriate, as described under subsection 
(i). 
‘‘(4) TRANSITION
PROCESS
FOR
PREVIOUSLY 
APPROVED
PROGRAMS.—With respect to the 
sponsor of a program that is approved for ap-
prenticeship purposes as of the day before 
the date of enactment of the National Ap-
prenticeship Act of 2021, a registration agen-
cy shall do the following: 
‘‘(A) If such program meets the require-
ments of this Act, take such steps as nec-
essary to ensure such program maintains 
status as a program under this Act. 
‘‘(B) If such program does not comply with 
the requirements of this Act, provide tech-
nical assistance to ensure such sponsor is in 
compliance with this Act not later than 3 
years after the date of the date of enactment 
of this Act. 
‘‘(k) MODIFICATIONS OR CHANGES TO YOUTH 
APPRENTICESHIP, 
PRE-APPRENTICESHIP, 
OR 
APPRENTICESHIP PROGRAMS.— 
‘‘(1) SPONSOR PROPOSAL.—Any sponsor that 
wishes to modify a program shall submit the 
proposal for such modification to the reg-
istration agency for the program. 
‘‘(2) REGISTRATION AGENCY REQUIREMENTS.— 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—The registration agency 
shall determine whether to approve the pro-
posal and notify the sponsor of the deter-
mination by not later than 60 days after re-
ceipt of the proposal. 
‘‘(B) APPROVAL OF PROPOSAL.—If the pro-
posal is approved, the registration agency 
shall amend the record of the program to re-
flect the modification , and provide the spon-
sor or program administrator with an ac-
knowledgment of the modified program, by 
not later than 30 days after the date of ap-
proval. 
‘‘(C) DISAPPROVAL
OF
PROPOSAL.—If the 
proposal is not approved, the registration 
agency shall— 
‘‘(i) notify the sponsor of the reasons for 
the disapproval and provide the sponsor with 
technical assistance to maintain the pro-
gram as originally registered; 
‘‘(ii) provide the sponsor with the oppor-
tunity to submit a revised modification pro-
posal, including providing appropriate tech-
nical assistance to modify the proposal in 
order to meet the requirements of this Act; 
and 
‘‘(iii) in a case in which the sponsor sub-
mits a revised modification proposal, not 
later than 60 days after receipt of such pro-
posal— 
‘‘(I) approve the proposal; or 
‘‘(II) disapprove the program and provide 
the sponsor with technical assistance to 
maintain the program as originally reg-
istered. 
‘‘Subtitle C—Evaluations and Research 
‘‘SEC. 131. PROGRAM EVALUATIONS AND RE-
SEARCH. 
‘‘(a) PURPOSE.—The purpose of this section 
is to establish performance accountability 
measures related to program completion and 
key indicators of performance under the 
Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act 
(29 U.S.C. 3101 et seq.). 
‘‘(b) REVIEWS BY REGISTRATION AGENCIES.— 
‘‘(1) PERFORMANCE REVIEWS.— 
‘‘(A) IN
GENERAL.—A registration agency 
shall annually collect performance data for 
each program registered under section 121 by 
such agency, to determine— 
‘‘(i) the performance of the program with 
respect to the indicators of performance 
under section 116(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Workforce 
Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 
3141(b)(2)(A)(i) or in the case of a youth ap-
prenticeship program, section 116(b)(2)(A)(ii)) 
of such Act (29 U.S.C. 3141(b)(2)(A)(ii)), to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00046
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.023
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 45-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H437 
February 5, 2021 
extent practicable and as applicable to pro-
grams under the national apprenticeship sys-
tem; and 
‘‘(ii) the completion rates of the program. 
‘‘(B) REPORTS.—The registration agency 
for a State shall annually prepare and sub-
mit to the Secretary a State performance re-
port that includes, with respect to each pro-
gram registered under section 121 by such 
agency— 
‘‘(i) information specifying the levels of 
performance described in subparagraph (A); 
‘‘(ii) the percentage of program partici-
pants in under-represented apprenticeship 
populations; 
‘‘(iv) the average time to completion for 
the program as compared to the description 
in the agreement under section 123(b)(1); 
‘‘(v) the average cost per participant dur-
ing the most recent program year and the 3 
preceding program years; 
‘‘(vii) information on the State’s uses of 
funds; 
‘‘(viii) how resources, whether financial, 
time, or other were spent on the delivery, 
improvement, and expansion of program 
services, activities and evaluations; and 
‘‘(ix) the disaggregation of the perform-
ance data described in clauses (i) through (v) 
by— 
‘‘(I) the program type (apprenticeship, 
youth apprenticeship, or pre-apprenticeship 
program) involved; and 
‘‘(II) race, ethnicity, sex, age, and member-
ship in a population specified in section 3(24) 
of the Workforce Innovation and Oppor-
tunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102(24)). 
‘‘(2) REPORTS.—Not later than 60 days after 
receiving a report under paragraph (1)(B), 
the Secretary shall make such report pub-
licly available. 
‘‘(3) COMPREHENSIVE PROGRAM REVIEWS.— 
‘‘(A) IN
GENERAL.—A registration agency 
shall periodically review each program reg-
istered under section 121 by such agency for 
quality assurance and compliance with the 
requirements of title I. 
‘‘(B) TIMING
OF
REVIEWS.—A review de-
scribed in subparagraph (A) shall occur not 
less frequently than once every 5 years. 
‘‘(C) REVIEW.—The review shall be a com-
prehensive review regarding all aspects of 
the 
program 
performance 
determining 
whether the sponsor of the program is com-
plying with the requirements of title I. 
‘‘(D) REPORTS.— 
‘‘(i) IN GENERAL.—On completion of a re-
view under this paragraph, the registration 
agency shall prepare and submit to the Sec-
retary a report containing the results of the 
review. 
‘‘(ii) PUBLIC AVAILABILITY.—The Secretary 
shall develop and make publicly available a 
statewide summary of reports submitted by 
each registration agency. 
‘‘(4) REGISTRATION
AGENCY
DISCRETION.— 
The registration agency may modify the re-
quirements of this subsection for small busi-
nesses or first-time sponsors who dem-
onstrate a need for such modification. 
‘‘(c) SUBSEQUENT ACTION.— 
‘‘(1) TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE.—The registra-
tion agency shall provide technical assist-
ance to the sponsor and identify areas that 
require technical assistance, including as-
sistance in the development of a perform-
ance improvement plan if the registration 
agency determines, pursuant to any review 
under subsection (a), that the youth appren-
ticeship, pre-apprenticeship, or apprentice-
ship program— 
‘‘(A) is not in operation; 
‘‘(B) is not in compliance with the require-
ments of title I; or 
‘‘(C) is achieving levels of performance on 
the 
indicators 
described 
in 
subsection 
(b)(1)(A) that are lower than the State goals. 
‘‘(2) 
CORRECTIVE
ACTION
AND 
DEREGISTRATION OF AN APPRENTICESHIP PRO-
GRAM.—The registration agency may take 
corrective 
action, 
and 
if 
warranted, 
deregister a youth apprenticeship, pre-ap-
prenticeship, 
or 
apprenticeship 
program, 
after making a determination that the pro-
gram demonstrates persistent and signifi-
cant failure to perform successfully, which 
occurs when— 
‘‘(A) the sponsor of the program consist-
ently fails to register at least 1 program par-
ticipant; 
‘‘(B) the program shows a pattern of poor 
results as determined solely by the registra-
tion agency on the indicators described in 
subsection (a)(1)(A) over a period of 3 years, 
given the characteristics of program partici-
pants and economic conditions in the area 
served, or are lower than the national or 
State average; 
‘‘(C) the program shows no indication of 
improvement in the areas identified by the 
registration agency and in the performance 
improvement plan under paragraph (1); or 
‘‘(D) the sponsor has not administered the 
program in accordance with the program’s 
registration, as applicable, or with the re-
quirements of this Act. 
‘‘(3) NOTIFICATION AND HEARING.—If the reg-
istration agency makes a determination de-
scribed in paragraph (2), the registration 
agency shall notify the Secretary and the 
sponsor of the determination in writing, and 
permit the sponsor to request a hearing by 
the Office of Administrative Law Judges. 
The registration agency shall transmit to 
the Secretary a report containing all perti-
nent facts and circumstances concerning the 
determination, including findings and a rec-
ommendation for deregistration, and copies 
of all relevant documents and records. If the 
sponsor requests a hearing it shall be con-
ducted in accordance with the Office of Ad-
ministrative Law Judges regulations. A 
party to the proceeding may petition for re-
view of the final decision of the Administra-
tive Law Judge. If the sponsor does not re-
quest the hearing, the registration agency 
shall deregister the program after the period 
for requesting such a hearing has expired. 
‘‘(4) NOTIFICATION AND TREATMENT OF AP-
PRENTICES.—Not later than 15 days after the 
registration agency deregisters a program, 
or not later than 15 days after the period for 
requesting such a hearing has expired, the 
sponsor or program administrator shall no-
tify each program participant— 
‘‘(A) of such deregistration and the effec-
tive date; 
‘‘(B) that such deregistration automati-
cally deprives the program participant of in-
dividual registration as part of such pro-
gram, including the ability to receive a cer-
tificate of completion from the registration 
agency; 
‘‘(C) that the deregistration of the program 
removes the program participant from eligi-
bility for any Federal financial or other as-
sistance, or right, privilege, or exemption 
under Federal law, that— 
‘‘(i) relates to an apprentice; and 
‘‘(ii) requires the registration agency’s ap-
proval; and 
‘‘(D) that all youth apprentices, pre-ap-
prentices, or apprentices are referred to the 
registration agency for information about 
potential transfers to other programs under 
the national apprenticeship system. 
‘‘(d) EVALUATION AND RESEARCH.—For the 
purpose of improving the management and 
effectiveness of the programs and activities 
carried out under this Act, the Secretary 
shall conduct, through an independent enti-
ty, evaluation and research on the programs 
and activities carried out under this title. 
‘‘(e) TECHNIQUES.—The research conducted 
under this section shall utilize appropriate 
methodology and research designs. 
‘‘(f) CONTENTS.—Such research shall ad-
dress— 
‘‘(1) the general effectiveness of such pro-
grams and activities in relation to their 
cost, including the extent to which the pro-
grams and activities— 
‘‘(A) improve the skill and employment 
competencies of participants in comparison 
to comparably-situated individuals who did 
not participate in such programs and activi-
ties; 
‘‘(B) to the extent feasible, increase the 
levels of total employment, of attainment of 
recognized postsecondary credentials, and of 
measurable skills, above the levels that 
would have existed in the absence of such 
programs and activities; 
‘‘(C) respond to the needs reflected in labor 
market data in the local area and align with 
high-skill, high-wage, or in-demand indus-
tries or occupations; and 
‘‘(D) demonstrate a return on investment 
of Federal, State, local, sponsor, employer, 
and other funding for programs under the na-
tional apprenticeship system, capturing the 
full level of investment in, and impact of, 
such programs under the national appren-
ticeship system; 
‘‘(2) best practices in increasing underrep-
resented apprenticeship populations’ partici-
pation in programs under the national ap-
prenticeship system; and 
‘‘(3) opportunities to scale up effective 
models under the national apprenticeship 
system. 
‘‘(g) REPORTS.— 
‘‘(1) 
INDEPENDENT
ENTITY.—The 
inde-
pendent entity carrying out the research 
under subsection (d) shall prepare and sub-
mit to the Secretary a final report con-
taining the results of the research. 
‘‘(2) REPORTS TO CONGRESS.—Not later than 
60 days after the receipt of the final report 
described in paragraph (1), the Secretary 
shall submit the final report to the Com-
mittee on Education and Labor of the House 
of Representatives and the Committee on 
Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of 
the Senate. 
‘‘(h) PUBLIC ACCESS.—The Secretary shall 
make the final report publicly available no 
later than 60 days after the receipt of the 
final report. 
‘‘Subtitle D—General Provisions 
‘‘SEC. 141. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated 
to carry out sections 111 and 112— 
‘‘(1) $40,000,000 for fiscal year 2022; 
‘‘(2) $41,000,000 for fiscal year 2023; 
‘‘(3) $42,000,000 for fiscal year 2024; 
‘‘(4) $43,000,000 for fiscal year 2025; and 
‘‘(5) $44,000,000 for fiscal year 2026. 
‘‘TITLE II—MODERNIZING THE NATIONAL 
APPRENTICESHIP 
SYSTEM 
FOR 
THE 
21ST CENTURY GRANTS 
‘‘SEC. 201. GRANT REQUIREMENTS. 
‘‘(a) PURPOSE.—The purpose of this section 
is to expand access to, and participation in, 
new industry-led earn-and-learn programs 
leading to career opportunities in all occupa-
tions, particularly high-wage, high-skill, and 
high-demand occupations, including in re-
sponse to the COVID–19 public health emer-
gency. 
‘‘(b) AUTHORIZATION
OF
APPRENTICESHIP 
GRANT PROGRAM.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—From the amounts au-
thorized under section 202, the Secretary 
shall award grants, on a competitive basis, 
to eligible partnerships for the purpose de-
scribed in subsection (a). 
‘‘(2) DURATION.—The Secretary shall award 
grants under this section for a period of— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00047
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.023
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 46-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H438 
February 5, 2021 
‘‘(A) not less than 1 year; and 
‘‘(B) not more than 4 years. 
‘‘(3) LIMITATIONS.— 
‘‘(A) AMOUNT.—A grant awarded under this 
section may not be in an amount greater 
than $1,500,000. 
‘‘(B) NUMBER OF AWARDS.—An eligible part-
nership or member of such partnership may 
not be awarded more than one grant under 
this section. 
‘‘(C) ADMINISTRATION
COSTS.—An eligible 
partnership awarded a grant under this sec-
tion may not use more than 5 percent of the 
grant funds to pay administrative costs asso-
ciated with activities funded by the grant. 
‘‘(c) MATCHING FUNDS.—To receive a grant 
under this section, an eligible partnership 
shall, through cash or in-kind contributions, 
provide matching funds from non-Federal 
sources in an amount equal to or greater 
than 50 percent of the amount of such grant. 
‘‘(d) APPLICATIONS.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—To receive a grant under 
this section, an eligible partnership shall 
submit to the Secretary at such a time as 
the Secretary may require, an application 
that— 
‘‘(A) identifies and designates the entity 
within the eligible partnership responsible 
for the administration and supervision of the 
earn-and-learn program for which such grant 
funds would be used; 
‘‘(B) identifies the businesses and institu-
tions of higher education that comprise the 
eligible partnership; 
‘‘(C) identifies the source and amount of 
the matching funds required under sub-
section (c); 
‘‘(D) identifies the number of program par-
ticipants who will participate and complete 
the relevant earn-and-learn program within 1 
year of the expiration of the grant; 
‘‘(E) identifies the amount of time, not to 
exceed 2 years, required for program partici-
pants to complete the program; 
‘‘(F) identifies the anticipated earnings of 
program participants— 
‘‘(i) 1 year after program completion; and 
‘‘(ii) 3 years after program completion; 
‘‘(G) describes the specific project for 
which the application is submitted, includ-
ing a summary of the relevant classroom and 
paid structured on-the-job learning students 
will receive; 
‘‘(H) describes how the eligible partnership 
will finance the program after the end of the 
grant period; 
‘‘(I) describes how the eligible partnership 
will support the collection of information 
and data for purposes of the program evalua-
tion required under subsection (i); and 
‘‘(J) describes the alignment of the pro-
gram with State identified in-demand indus-
try sectors and occupations. 
‘‘(2) APPLICATION REVIEW PROCESS.— 
‘‘(A) REVIEW
PANEL.—Applications sub-
mitted under paragraph (1) shall be read by 
a panel of readers composed of individuals 
selected by the Secretary. The Secretary 
shall assure that an individual assigned 
under this paragraph does not have a conflict 
of interest with respect to the applications 
reviewed by such individual. 
‘‘(B) COMPOSITION
OF
REVIEW
PANEL.—The 
panel of reviewers selected by the Secretary 
under subparagraph (A) shall be comprised as 
follows: 
‘‘(i) A majority of the panel shall be indi-
viduals who are representative of businesses, 
which may include owners, executives with 
optimum hiring authority, or individuals 
representing business organizations or busi-
ness trade associations. 
‘‘(ii) The remainder of the panel shall be 
equally divided between individuals who 
are— 
‘‘(I) representatives of institutions of high-
er education that offer programs of two 
years or less; and 
‘‘(II) representatives of State workforce de-
velopment boards established under section 
101 of the Workforce Innovation and Oppor-
tunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3111). 
‘‘(C) REVIEW
OF
APPLICATIONS.—The Sec-
retary shall instruct the review panel se-
lected by the Secretary under subparagraph 
(A) to evaluate applications using only the 
criteria specified in paragraph (1) and make 
recommendations with respect to— 
‘‘(i) the quality of the applications; 
‘‘(ii) whether a grant should be awarded for 
a project under this title; and 
‘‘(iii) the amount and duration of such 
grant. 
‘‘(D) PRIORITY AND DISTRIBUTION.— 
‘‘(i) PRIORITY.—In awarding grants under 
this section, the Secretary shall give pri-
ority to an eligible partnership— 
‘‘(I) proposing to serve a high number or 
high percentage of participants who are from 
underrepresented 
apprenticeship 
popu-
lations; or 
‘‘(II) providing opportunities in high-wage, 
high-skill, or in-demand sectors and occupa-
tions. 
‘‘(ii) GEOGRAPHIC DISTRIBUTION.—In award-
ing grants under this section, the Secretary 
shall, to the extent practicable, ensure a geo-
graphically diverse distribution of grants, in-
cluding a geographically diverse distribution 
among regions of the country and among 
urban, suburban, and rural areas. 
‘‘(E) NOTIFICATION.—Not later than June 30 
of each year, the Secretary shall notify each 
eligible partnership submitting an applica-
tion under this section of— 
‘‘(i) the scores given the applicant by the 
panel pursuant to this section; 
‘‘(ii) the recommendations of the panel 
with respect to such application; 
‘‘(iii) the reasons for the decision of the 
Secretary in awarding or refusing to award a 
grant under this section; and 
‘‘(iv) modifications, if any, in the rec-
ommendations of the panel made to the Sec-
retary. 
‘‘(e) AWARD
BASIS.—The Secretary shall 
award grants under this section on the fol-
lowing basis— 
‘‘(1) the number of participants to be 
served by the grant; 
‘‘(2) the anticipated income of program 
participants in relation to the regional me-
dian income; 
‘‘(3) the alignment of the program with 
State-identified in-demand industry sectors; 
and 
‘‘(4) the recommendations of the readers 
under subsection (d)(2)(C). 
‘‘(f) PURPOSES OF AWARDS.—The Secretary 
may award grants, contracts, or cooperative 
agreements to eligible entities on a competi-
tive basis for any of the following purposes: 
‘‘(1) The creation of new earn-and-learn 
programs, including apprenticeship, pre-ap-
prenticeship, and youth apprenticeship pro-
grams, or expansion of existing programs. 
‘‘(2) Encouraging employer participation in 
programs under the national apprenticeship 
system— 
‘‘(A) that target individuals with barriers 
to employment in youth apprenticeship, pre- 
apprenticeship, or apprenticeship programs, 
prioritizing underrepresented apprenticeship 
populations, such as women, minorities, 
long-term unemployed individuals with a 
disability, individuals with substance abuse 
issues, and veterans; 
‘‘(B) that are in high-need social service- 
related industries, sectors, or occupations, 
such as direct care workers and early child-
hood educators; 
‘‘(C) that target individuals currently or 
formerly incarcerated; or 
‘‘(D) among small- and medium-sized em-
ployers. 
‘‘(3) If the eligible entity is a qualified 
intermediary— 
‘‘(A) supporting national industry and eq-
uity intermediaries in establishing or ex-
panding sector-based partnerships to support 
the delivery or expansion of programs under 
the national apprenticeship system to sig-
nificant scale in the United States— 
‘‘(i) in key sectors, including manufac-
turing, information technology, cyber secu-
rity, health care, insurance and finance, en-
ergy, hospitality, retail, construction, and 
other sectors identified by the Secretary; 
and 
‘‘(ii) for underrepresented apprenticeship 
populations, women, minorities, individuals 
with disabilities, and individuals impacted 
by the criminal justice system; or 
‘‘(B) serving programs under the national 
apprenticeship system in a local or regional 
setting. 
‘‘(4) Strengthen alignment between pro-
grams under the national apprenticeship sys-
tem and education and training providers 
with secondary and postsecondary education 
systems, including degree and credential re-
quirements. 
‘‘(g) USE OF FUNDS.—Grant funds provided 
under this section may be used for— 
‘‘(1) supports including marketing, na-
tional e-tools, and other expanded capacity 
and technical assistance supports; 
‘‘(2) the purchase of appropriate equip-
ment, technology, or instructional material, 
aligned with business and industry needs, in-
cluding machinery, testing equipment, hard-
ware and software; 
‘‘(3) student books, supplies, and equip-
ment required for enrollment; 
‘‘(4) the reimbursement of up to 50 percent 
of the wages of a student participating in an 
earn-and-learn program receiving a grant 
under this section; 
‘‘(5) the development of industry-specific 
programming; 
‘‘(6) supporting the transition of industry- 
based professionals from an industry setting 
to an academic setting; 
‘‘(7) 
industry-recognized 
certification 
exams or other assessments leading to a rec-
ognized postsecondary credential associated 
with the earn-and-learn program; 
‘‘(8) any fees associated with the certifi-
cations or assessments described in para-
graph (7); 
‘‘(9) establishing or expanding partnerships 
with organizations that provide program 
participants access to financial planning 
mentoring, and supportive services that are 
necessary to enable an individual to partici-
pate in and complete a program under the 
national apprenticeship system; 
‘‘(10) conducting outreach and recruitment 
activities, including assessments of potential 
participants for, and enrollment of partici-
pants in a program under the national ap-
prenticeship system; 
‘‘(11) conducting outreach, engagement, 
and recruitment with employers, industry 
associations, labor and labor-management 
organizations, qualified intermediaries, edu-
cation and training providers, State or local 
workforce agencies, potential sponsors, com-
munities with high numbers or percentages 
of underrepresented apprenticeship popu-
lations, small- and medium-sized businesses, 
or rural communities to establish or expand 
industry or sector partnerships and opportu-
nities under the national apprenticeship sys-
tem; and 
‘‘(12) conducting any activities as described 
in the application that would advance the 
purposes of the grant. 
‘‘(h) 
TECHNICAL
ASSISTANCE.—The 
Sec-
retary may provide technical assistance to 
eligible partnerships awarded under a grant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00048
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.023
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 47-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H439 
February 5, 2021 
under this section throughout the grant pe-
riod for purposes of grant management. 
‘‘(i) EVALUATION.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary may re-
serve up to $500,000 from the amounts made 
available under section 202 in order to pro-
vide for the independent evaluation, which 
may be conducted by a third-party entity, of 
the grant program established under this 
section that includes the following: 
‘‘(A) An assessment of the effectiveness of 
the grant program in expanding earn-and- 
learn program opportunities offered by em-
ployers in conjunction with institutions of 
higher education. 
‘‘(B) The number of students who partici-
pated in programs assisted under this sec-
tion. 
‘‘(C) The percentage of students partici-
pating in programs assisted under this sec-
tion who successfully completed the program 
in the time described in subsection (d)(1)(E). 
‘‘(D) The median earnings of program par-
ticipants— 
‘‘(i) 1 year after exiting the program; and 
‘‘(ii) 3 years after exiting the program. 
‘‘(E) The percentage of program partici-
pants assisted under this section who suc-
cessfully receive a recognized postsecondary 
credential. 
‘‘(F) The number of program participants 
served by programs receiving funding under 
this section— 
‘‘(i) 2 years after the end of the grant pe-
riod; and 
‘‘(ii) 4 years after the end of the grant pe-
riod. 
‘‘(2) PUBLICATION.—The evaluation required 
by this subsection shall be made publicly 
available on the website of the Department 
within 90 days after such evaluation is com-
pleted. 
‘‘(j) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
‘‘(1) EARN-AND-LEARN PROGRAM.—The term 
‘earn-and-learn program’ means an edu-
cation program, including an apprenticeship 
program, that provides students with struc-
tured, sustained, and paid on-the-job train-
ing and accompanying, for credit, classroom 
instruction that— 
‘‘(A) is for a period of between 3 months 
and 2 years; and 
‘‘(B) leads to, on completion of the pro-
gram, a recognized postsecondary credential. 
‘‘(2) ELIGIBLE PARTNERSHIP.—The term ‘eli-
gible partnership’ shall mean a consortium 
that includes— 
‘‘(A) 1 or more businesses; and 
‘‘(B) 1 or more institutions of higher edu-
cation. 
‘‘SEC. 202. GRANT APPROPRIATIONS. 
‘‘(a) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to 
carry out only registered apprenticeship ac-
tivities under this title— 
‘‘(1) $200,000,000 for fiscal year 2022; 
‘‘(2) $210,000,000 for fiscal year 2023; 
‘‘(3) $220,000,000 for fiscal year 2024; 
‘‘(4) $230,000,000 for fiscal year 2025; and 
‘‘(5) $240,000,000 for fiscal year 2026. 
‘‘(b) SPECIAL
RULE.—Of the funds made 
available 
for 
this 
title, 
no 
less 
than 
$200,000,000 shall be provided from the H–1B 
Nonimmigrant Petitioner Account.’’. 
SEC. 5. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
(a) AMERICAN COMPETITIVENESS AND WORK-
FORCE IMPROVEMENT ACT
OF 1998.—Section 
414(c) of the American Competitiveness and 
Workforce Improvement Act of 1998 (29 
U.S.C. 2916a) is repealed. 
(b) IMMIGRATION
AND NATIONALITY ACT.— 
Section 286(s)(2) of the Immigration and Na-
tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1356(s)(2)) is amend-
ed— 
(1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘FOR JOB 
TRAINING’’ and inserting ‘‘FOR
PROGRAMS 
UNDER
THE
NATIONAL
APPRENTICESHIP
SYS-
TEM’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘for demonstration pro-
grams and projects described in section 
414(c) of the American Competitiveness and 
Workforce Improvement Act of 1998’’ and in-
serting ‘‘to carry out title II of the National 
Apprenticeship Act of 2021’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 85, the gentle-
woman from New York (Ms. STEFANIK) 
and a Member opposed each will con-
trol 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from New York. 
Ms. STEFANIK. Madam Speaker, for 
more than a year, America’s workers 
have faced unprecedented challenges 
and unimaginable uncertainty. 
Today, nearly 9 million fewer Ameri-
cans are working than before the 
COVID pandemic struck, robbing moth-
ers, fathers, friends, and neighbors of 
the dignity, purpose, and security of 
work. 
As we help our Nation recover from 
the economic toll of COVID–19 and 
strive to restore the livelihoods of mil-
lions of America’s workers, we have a 
responsibility to put forth solutions 
that strengthen the pathways to mean-
ingful family-sustaining careers. 
The apprenticeship model of pro-
viding paid work experience, coupled 
with classroom instruction and on-the- 
job mentorship, is a proven approach to 
equipping workers with the skills they 
need for lifelong success. 
Individuals who complete high-qual-
ity apprenticeship programs enter into 
well-paying jobs and do so without the 
debt that so often saddles our younger 
generation of workers. 
Yet, less than 3 percent of the work-
force participates in the registered ap-
prenticeship system, and the vast ma-
jority 
of 
the 
programs 
are 
con-
centrated in only a handful of indus-
tries. This leaves our strongest work-
force development strategies vastly un-
derutilized and emphasizes a blunt 
truth: Doubling down on this decades- 
old system won’t change the trajectory 
during this historic time of need. 
We must develop an apprenticeship 
system that is responsive to the de-
mands of the 21st century workplace 
and accessible to job creators in emerg-
ing industry sectors. 
Unfortunately, the Democrats’ bill 
doubles down on a one-size-fits-all ap-
proach that closes pathways into the 
workforce and stifles the employer-led 
innovation. For all the rhetoric about 
expanding apprenticeships, the most 
immediate impact of the underlying 
bill would be just the opposite, pulling 
the rug out from under new programs 
that are equipping healthcare workers 
to combat the pandemic. 
My substitute amendment makes im-
provements to modernize and reinvigo-
rate the national apprenticeship sys-
tem, changes that will increase oppor-
tunities for workers and help bolster 
the Nation’s economic recovery. 
First, expanding apprenticeships to 
small businesses and new industries 
will require flexibilities for employers 
to design a program that fits their 
unique needs. Our amendment provides 
this flexibility by allowing small busi-
nesses to seek waivers to Federal re-
quirements that don’t match the na-
ture of their business and would pre-
vent them from ever developing an ap-
prenticeship program. 
Second, engaging more Americans in 
apprenticeship opportunities will re-
quire a robust pipeline of workers with 
the base skills and workplace com-
petencies to succeed. Our amendment 
will help grow youth and pre-appren-
ticeship programs, equipping them to 
prepare the next generation for a full 
range of workforce development oppor-
tunities and careers, not siloing them 
from the start. 
Third, in order to empower American 
innovation, we must allow new models 
of work-based learning to thrive and 
let workforce leaders across the coun-
try inject dynamism into the age-old 
system. Our amendment preserves the 
ability for innovation beyond the tradi-
tional registered system to ensure that 
apprenticeship offerings can develop 
and adapt as quickly as our job market 
demands. 
There is no clearer example of the 
promise of innovative models than the 
array of industry-recognized programs 
recently developed to educate nurses 
and healthcare professionals in the 
midst of the public health crisis we 
face. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment to modernize the appren-
ticeship system and generate opportu-
nities for American workers without 
the red tape and the roadblocks that 
remain in the underlying bill. 
I thank Ranking Member FOXX, and I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. LEVIN of Michigan. Madam 
Speaker, I rise in opposition to the 
amendment. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Michigan is recognized for 
5 minutes. 
Mr. LEVIN of Michigan. Madam 
Speaker, first, I include in the RECORD 
a letter from the Manufacturing Insti-
tute in support of the bill. 
MANUFACTURING INSTITUTE, 
February 2, 2021. 
Hon. BOBBY SCOTT, 
Chairman of Ed & Labor Committee, 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
Hon BRIAN FITZPATRICK, 
House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR CHAIRMAN SCOTT
AND REPRESENTA-
TIVE FITZPATRICK: On behalf of The Manufac-
turing Institute (MI), the workforce develop-
ment and education partner of the National 
Association of Manufacturers, I am writing 
to express our support of H.R. 477, the Na-
tional Apprenticeship Act of 2021. 
Manufacturers’ top challenge continues to 
be the ability to attract and retain a quali-
fied workforce, as noted in the NAM’s Quar-
terly Manufacturers Outlook Survey. At the 
end of 2020, there were nearly 500,000 open 
jobs in manufacturing. The current health 
crisis in our country has left millions with-
out jobs and exacerbated the need for indi-
viduals to receive training for the careers 
that are available now and in the future. 
Registered Apprenticeship programs are 
one tool that can be utilized to support the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00049
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.023
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 48-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H440 
February 5, 2021 
business community in closing the skills gap 
and helping individuals enter a rewarding ca-
reer. The National Apprenticeship Act of 
2021, in addition to Congresswoman Slotkin’s 
(D-Ml–8) amendment, addresses many of the 
challenges that manufacturers have long ex-
perienced in the Registered Apprenticeship 
system by streamlining the registration and 
approval process and providing a more direct 
means of support for the companies and edu-
cation partners that wish to create or ex-
pand Registered Apprenticeship programs. 
The National Apprenticeship Act of 2021 
improves an established model of training 
and work-based learning that can help to 
close the skills gap that manufacturers face. 
We appreciate the bi-partisan agreement 
that has been reached on this bill and we 
support its passage. 
Thank you for your consideration. 
Sincerely, 
CAROLYN LEE, 
Executive Director. 
Mr. LEVIN of Michigan. Madam 
Speaker, this amendment undermines 
the core premises behind the National 
Apprenticeship 
Act 
of 
2021, 
which 
would create 1 million more registered 
apprenticeship, pre-apprenticeship, and 
youth 
apprenticeship 
opportunities 
over the next 5 years. 
Registered apprenticeships represent 
a proven earn-and-learn program. Nine-
ty-four percent of those who complete 
their apprenticeships are employed 
upon completion, and they have an av-
erage starting salary of $70,000. 
This substitute amendment is noth-
ing less than an attack on the success-
ful registered apprenticeship system. It 
makes deep cuts to funding in H.R. 447, 
which will result in sparse growth in 
new registered apprenticeships, while 
diverting scarce funds to untested and 
unproven programs run by third par-
ties. 
Instead, it gives the Secretary of 
Labor and State apprenticeship agen-
cies open-ended authority to waive the 
quality and accountability standards 
in this act. Authorizing funding for a 
program without guardrails is not an 
approach Congress should be taking 
when 
working 
with 
the 
executive 
branch of either party. 
Allow me to address the specifics of 
the substitute amendment. 
First, it allows the Secretary of 
Labor to divert funds for unproven and 
untested programs, like the Industry- 
Recognized Apprenticeship Programs, 
or IRAPs, created under the Trump ad-
ministration. Unlike registered appren-
ticeships, there has been no evaluation 
of unregistered programs like IRAPs— 
none. When DOL proposed the creation 
of IRAPs, it received over 300,000 com-
ments in opposition. 
Congress should not be opening the 
spigots of taxpayer money for pro-
grams that lack broad public support, 
especially when there is no evidence 
that programs that do not meet reg-
istered apprenticeship standards are ef-
fective at all. This is an irresponsible 
use of taxpayer money. 
Democrats are, in fact, leading on in-
novation. For example, an amendment 
offered by the gentleman from New 
Hampshire (Mr. PAPPAS), which was in-
cluded in the en bloc amendments, al-
lows the Secretary of Labor to fund in-
novation in apprenticeships by allow-
ing demonstration projects in non-
traditional sectors, subject to the rec-
ommendation of the National Advisory 
Committee 
on 
Apprenticeships 
ap-
pointed 
by 
the 
Secretary. 
These 
projects could even help with the 
COVID–19 response. 
Second, the substitute amendment 
slashes 
funding 
for 
apprenticeship 
grants from $3.5 billion to $1.1 billion 
over the next 5 years. It cuts State ap-
prenticeship formula grants from $475 
million to $385 million over 5 years. 
States have asked us for funding cer-
tainty so they can scale up their ap-
prenticeship efforts and have been doc-
umented to be an engine of success for 
the growth of apprenticeships. 
This cut is a 77 percent reduction in 
total funding, resulting in only 219,000 
new apprenticeship opportunities. This 
is an easy choice: 219,000 apprenticeship 
opportunities versus nearly 1 million 
apprenticeship opportunities that the 
National Apprenticeship Act of 2021 
provides. 
We all agree that apprenticeships are 
a pathway to the middle class, so why 
would we want to eliminate the rungs 
of opportunity for hundreds of thou-
sands of apprentices? 
Third, this amendment eliminates 
the interagency agreement with the 
Department of Education to create 
stronger alignment between the edu-
cation system and the national appren-
ticeship system. My colleagues on the 
other side of the aisle often talk about 
wanting to create pathways for stu-
dents to pursue alternatives to a 4-year 
degree, but this amendment eliminates 
provisions of the National Apprentice-
ship Act that do that in a way that is 
sought by our institutions of higher 
education. 
As I mentioned earlier, our commu-
nity colleges strongly support the act 
as it is. Some say we are creating a 
one-size-fits-all approach with this bill, 
but that isn’t true either. We include 
new apprenticeship models, such as 
competency-based and hybrid options, 
and expand youth apprenticeships and 
pre-apprenticeships, 
something 
em-
ployers have consistently requested. 
This amendment is a step in the 
wrong direction. At a time when at 
least 7 million people have perma-
nently lost their jobs due to the mis-
handling of the pandemic, and when 
the economy is facing a deep recession, 
the underlying bill is focused on get-
ting people back to work with the best 
skills possible. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on 
this amendment, and I yield back the 
balance of my time. 
Ms. STEFANIK. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 45 seconds to the gentlewoman 
from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX). 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I rise in 
support of the amendment offered by 
Representative 
STEFANIK, 
a 
distin-
guished member of the Education and 
Labor Committee. 
Modernizing the apprenticeship sys-
tem in this country is more important 
now than ever, as millions are in need 
of reskilling. 
This amendment would drastically 
improve the Registered Apprenticeship 
Program while also permitting DOL to 
pursue models of work-based learning 
outside the registered system, such as 
Industry-Recognized 
Apprenticeship 
Programs. 
The exclusion of this amendment 
would stop this innovative progress 
and scrap the 131 IRAPs that have al-
ready been recognized, the vast major-
ity of which are for nursing creden-
tials. 
Unlike the Democrats’ narrow-mind-
ed 
bill, 
Representative 
STEFANIK’s 
amendment recognizes the needs of 
students, workers, and job creators. 
Madam Speaker, I urge my col-
leagues to support this commonsense 
alternative. 
Ms. STEFANIK. Madam Speaker, 
how much time is remaining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from New York has 15 sec-
onds remaining. 
Ms. STEFANIK. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself the balance of my time. 
Madam Speaker, I urge adoption of 
this amendment. 
This is about getting millions of 
Americans back to work. This amend-
ment supports small businesses. This 
amendment supports pre-apprentice-
ship programs. And most importantly, 
this amendment supports innovation. 
Madam Speaker, I urge adoption of 
this amendment, and I yield back the 
balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 85, the pre-
vious 
question 
is 
ordered 
on 
the 
amendment offered by the gentle-
woman from New York (Ms. STEFANIK). 
The question is on the amendment. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that 
the noes appear to have it. 
Ms. STEFANIK. Madam Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 3(s) of House Resolution 
8, the yeas and nays are ordered. 
Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, fur-
ther proceedings on this question are 
postponed. 
Pursuant to clause 1(c) of rule XIX, 
further consideration of H.R. 447 is 
postponed. 
f 
b 1145 
REPORT 
ON 
RESOLUTION 
PRO-
VIDING FOR THE ADOPTION OF 
S. 
CON. 
RES. 
5, 
CONCURRENT 
RESOLUTION 
ON 
THE 
BUDGET 
FOR FISCAL YEAR 2021 
Mr. MORELLE, from the Committee 
on Rules, submitted a privileged report 
(Rept. No. 117–5) on the resolution (H. 
Res. 101) providing for the adoption of 
the concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 
5) setting forth the congressional budg-
et for the United States Government 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00050
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.036
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 49-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H441 
February 5, 2021 
for fiscal year 2021 and setting forth 
the appropriate budgetary levels for 
fiscal years 2022 through 2030, which 
was referred to the House Calendar and 
ordered to be printed. 
f 
PROVIDING 
FOR 
THE 
ADOPTION 
OF S. CON. RES. 5, CONCURRENT 
RESOLUTION 
ON 
THE 
BUDGET 
FOR FISCAL YEAR 2021 
Mr. MORELLE. Madam Speaker, by 
direction of the Committee on Rules, I 
call up House Resolution 101 and ask 
for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. RES. 101 
Resolved, That Senate Concurrent Resolu-
tion 5 is hereby adopted. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from New York is recognized 
for 1 hour. 
Mr. MORELLE. Madam Speaker, for 
the purpose of debate only, I yield the 
customary 30 minutes to the distin-
guished gentleman from Texas (Mr. 
BURGESS), my colleague from the Com-
mittee on Rules, pending which I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
During consideration of this resolu-
tion, all time yielded is for the purpose 
of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Mr. MORELLE. Madam Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-
bers be given 5 legislative days to re-
vise and extend their remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-
tleman from New York? 
There was no objection. 
Mr. MORELLE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Madam Speaker, today, the Rules 
Committee met and reported a rule, 
House Resolution 101, providing for 
adoption of S. Con. Res. 5, setting forth 
the congressional budget for the United 
States Government for fiscal year 2021 
and setting forth the appropriate budg-
etary 
levels 
for 
fiscal 
years 
2022 
through 2030. 
Madam Speaker, I am, once again, on 
the floor today to urge my colleagues 
to adopt the rule and to support pas-
sage of this budget resolution. 
Across our Nation, Americans are 
facing a dire crisis. Many have lost 
loved ones. Even more have lost liveli-
hoods. Small businesses are shuttering 
their doors, hospitals are being pushed 
to their limits, and students are falling 
behind. 
In the past year alone, Congress has 
taken steps to respond to the needs of 
struggling Americans, but I know that 
each and every one of my colleagues 
can agree that we have a long road yet 
to travel. 
Passing this budget resolution is a 
necessary step to fast-track essential 
COVID relief, the American Rescue 
Plan. 
I know the gentleman from Texas 
and many of his colleagues on the 
other side of the aisle have aired com-
plaints about the process begun earlier 
this week. If these were normal times 
and if we were dealing with more mun-
dane issues, I would share their con-
cerns. I am a strong believer in biparti-
sanship, in compromise, and in regular 
order in the House and Senate. But 
these are certainly not normal times, 
and we are not dealing with mundane 
issues. We face the greatest crisis in 
our lifetime. Americans are counting 
on us, relying on us, and we have a 
moral imperative to save lives and 
families from destitution. 
As of yesterday afternoon, 454,272 
Americans have died from this tragic 
disease, a disease which has ripped a 
hole in millions of hearts that can 
never be repaired. 
The victims of this disease have left 
spouses, children, grandchildren, par-
ents, friends, neighbors, and people 
who needed them, who relied on them, 
and who loved them. Nothing we can do 
now will fix that. But we face the pros-
pect of losing thousands more, and we 
can and must fix that. 
This isn’t just appropriate, this isn’t 
just wise; this is a moral imperative. 
Even families who have not lost a 
loved one have faced the disastrous 
consequences of the pandemic. Nearly 
11 million Americans are unemployed, 
more than double the number before 
the spread of COVID–19. As a result, 
one in three American families have 
faced difficulty covering their regular 
household expenses, an estimated one 
in five adults are behind on rent, and 
10.3 million homeowners are behind on 
their mortgages. 
This isn’t just desirable, this isn’t 
just sensible; this is a moral impera-
tive. 
Parents in my district and in so 
many communities are struggling to 
put food on the table for their family. 
Nearly 24 million people, or nearly 11 
percent of all adults in this country, 
have reported that their households 
sometimes, 
or 
often, 
didn’t 
have 
enough to eat in the past 7 days. Before 
the pandemic, the Department of Agri-
culture found that number was fewer 
than 3.5 percent over the full 12 months 
of 2019. 
This isn’t just advisable, this isn’t 
just constructive; this is a moral im-
perative. 
So let’s talk about what we are going 
to do to rise to this challenge. We are 
moving forward with the budget rec-
onciliation process to ensure that Con-
gress can pass meaningful coronavirus 
relief without delay or partisan grid-
lock. The budget resolution before us 
provides a framework for reconcili-
ation with a target of up to $1.9 tril-
lion. It is designed solely to respond to 
the ongoing crisis and to deliver crit-
ical relief as quickly as possible. 
This will enable us to finally beat 
this virus and continue on the path of 
a national economic recovery. We will 
mount a national vaccination program, 
setting up vaccination sites in commu-
nities across the country. We will in-
vest in reopening schools and provide 
direct housing and nutrition assistance 
to families in need. 
The American Rescue Plan will also 
provide direct assistance to Americans, 
stimulus payments, including assist-
ance for dependents. We will also pro-
vide crucial support for the hardest hit 
small businesses, as well as first re-
sponders and frontline workers, who 
have done so much to turn back the 
tide of this virus. 
But without the reconciliation direc-
tives in this resolution, any bold action 
could languish indefinitely in the Sen-
ate, putting the health and well-being 
of millions of American families at 
risk. 
For those concerned about the na-
tional debt or possibility of future in-
flation, I urge them to heed the advice 
from Federal Reserve Chairman Je-
rome Powell, a Republican appointed 
by President Trump to the Federal Re-
serve chairmanship, when he warned us 
to be more worried about falling short 
of a complete recovery and losing peo-
ple’s careers and lives and the damage 
that will do to our economic future. 
Moving forward with budget rec-
onciliation does not preclude a strong 
bipartisan agreement on a relief pack-
age that can gain wide support in both 
the House and the Senate. In fact, 
there is no need for partisanship on 
this issue. 
While it seems we may be divided 
today in this Chamber, the American 
people clearly are not. The over-
whelming majority, including a major-
ity of Republicans across this country, 
support passage of emergency legisla-
tion, 
including 
stimulus 
payments, 
vaccine funding, and other pandemic 
responses in this plan. 
This is not a partisan issue because it 
is not only red or blue families, but 
families of all political persuasions 
that are struggling, and I am certain 
my colleagues in the minority know 
that all too well. 
I urge Members of this House to sup-
port this budget resolution so we can 
immediately get to work on this des-
perately needed American Rescue Plan. 
It is our moral imperative. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. BURGESS. Madam Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman for yielding me 
the customary 30 minutes, and I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Madam Speaker, today’s rule deems 
the Senate version of the budget reso-
lution, S. Con. Res. 5, as passed. Last 
night, the Senate considered this meas-
ure, along with hundreds of amend-
ments. The House passed its version, H. 
Con. Res. 11, on Wednesday. The two 
measures are largely the same, but be-
cause the Senate version has minor 
changes, we find ourselves once again 
considering a measure that the House 
has already passed. 
Even though we are once again con-
sidering a rule for the budget resolu-
tion, we will not actually debate and 
pass because this rule deems the reso-
lution as passed. I think it is impor-
tant for Members to recognize: This is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00051
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.048
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 50-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H442 
February 5, 2021 
your only vote on adding nearly $2 tril-
lion to the deficit. 
b 1200 
If this is the way we are going to 
achieve the passage of a budget resolu-
tion, why don’t we take more time to 
negotiate a better product for the 
American people? Instead, we spent 
hours on what has amounted to proce-
dural votes. The House has had little to 
say in the resolution outlining the rec-
onciliation 
instructions 
by 
simply 
deeming the Senate version in this 
rule. 
As I mentioned on Tuesday, budget 
reconciliation is a fast-track tool used 
to implement policy changes into law 
requiring only 51 votes in the Senate to 
pass. 
Senator SANDERS
has stated the 
budget reconciliation does not have to 
be a partisan process. I actually agree 
with that. But that is exactly what 
this resolution sets up. Democrats con-
trol the House and the Senate and the 
White House, so we don’t need to work 
with the Republicans on a resolution to 
benefit Americans. 
Democrats previously promised $2,000 
stimulus checks, billions for State and 
local governments, expansion of Med-
icaid, pension bailouts, added unem-
ployment benefits, implementation of 
a Green New Deal, passed the citizen-
ship for illegal aliens, lowering Med-
icaid-age 
eligibility, providing uni-
versal basic income, increasing the 
minimum wage, and canceling student 
loan debt. 
But as we have seen in previous relief 
packages, many stimulus checks went 
to individuals who had actually kept 
their jobs or had no decrease in their 
pay. These checks could have been sent 
to those most in need, those who lost 
their jobs or are struggling to find 
work. 
In addition, many State and local 
governments are in the red due to mis-
management of their budgets. This ac-
tually occurred before the pandemic 
began and now taxpayers are being 
asked to bail them out for that fiscal 
mismanagement that actually was dec-
ades in the making. 
While Americans should be able to 
compete for a livable wage, raising the 
minimum wage to $15 an hour really 
does put some people at a disadvan-
tage. Fast-food workers are now paid 
at the same level as paramedics though 
the training for those two jobs is clear-
ly different. 
According to the Congressional Budg-
et Office, raising the minimum wage 
without considering market conditions 
could result in the loss of well over a 
million jobs. Student loan repayments 
are currently paused, but canceling 
that debt altogether harms individuals 
who have already paid back their loans 
and places that burden on the tax-
payer. It also sends a message that you 
do not have to be responsible for the 
debt that you accumulate. 
These policies are part of President 
Biden’s $1.9 trillion coronavirus relief 
package that could ultimately increase 
the deficit between $2- and $3 trillion. 
But it does not address the immediate 
needs of the Americans who are trying 
to survive the pandemic. So now is not 
the time to push through partisan pri-
orities. 
Barely a month ago, Congress passed 
and President Trump signed into law a 
$900 billion coronavirus relief package. 
Combined with previous relief pack-
ages—and there have been several: 
three in March, one in April, one in De-
cember—and there remains $1 trillion 
in unspent funding. 
As I pointed out on Tuesday, there 
have been few efforts to conduct over-
sight on this massive amount of fund-
ing. 
In addition, yesterday, Larry Sum-
mers, 
President 
Clinton’s 
Treasury 
Secretary and an economic adviser to 
President Obama, published an opinion 
piece outlining the risk of President 
Biden’s massive $1.9 trillion package. 
Secretary Summers points out that the 
2009 stimulus was about half as large as 
the estimated economic output short-
fall. 
In contrast, the already enacted $900 
billion stimulus Congress passed in De-
cember will fill the gap three times 
over. To make this even more clear, 
the output shortfall due to the pan-
demic is estimated between $20- and $50 
billion a month. The $900 billion stim-
ulus will total $150 billion a month. 
So you have to ask again: Why is it 
suddenly so urgent that we pass an-
other $2 trillion bill? 
I am pleased that on a few amend-
ments considered last night in the Sen-
ate, the Senate came together. It ap-
pears to support not increasing the 
minimum wage during the pandemic; 
not moving the United States Embassy 
in Israel from Jerusalem; and not pro-
viding economic stimulus payments to 
undocumented or illegal aliens. 
I am disappointed that the Senate 
Democrats defeated an amendment 
that would have prohibited a carbon 
tax, meaning a large tax increase is 
likely coming. 
Despite the largely partisan nature 
of these budget resolution proceedings, 
there exists examples of bipartisanship. 
Now is the time to simply focus on pol-
icy and determine the best way forward 
for our country. 
Republicans do stand ready to work 
with Democrats. Last March, last April 
there was considerable agreement on 
the way forward. But while Repub-
licans do stand ready to work with 
Democrats to provide these resources 
for the American people, we must en-
sure that all proposals are thoroughly 
examined and will be implemented in a 
way that helps rather than harms our 
recovery. 
Despite calling for unity, the first 
move by President Biden and the 
Democrats is to employ a partisan 
process and jam through a wish list of 
policy priorities. I sincerely hope that 
the committees tasked with complying 
with the budget reconciliation instruc-
tions will engage in a more bipartisan 
manner. 
With that, I urge opposition to the 
rule, and I reserve the balance of my 
time. 
Mr. MORELLE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Just a couple of brief points. First, as 
it relates to the amount of discussion 
about this, we debated this resolution 
with few changes earlier this week on 
Wednesday. We had a lengthy conversa-
tion. We are discussing it again now. 
If we are successful in passing this 
resolution, it will go to the appropriate 
standing committees for their markup 
on the various allocations in this reso-
lution, and then it will come back here 
for passage again. 
So I think it is fair to say from a 
process point of view that we will have 
plenty of opportunities to make our ar-
guments in front of the American pub-
lic and let them decide on the appro-
priateness of our actions. 
But I would hardly say that there 
isn’t going to be ample time to have 
these conversations and make these 
distinctions if that is what we choose 
to do. 
Just a brief word on the minimum 
wage. I hope we come back to it. I had 
the privilege of leading the debate on 
the rule when we increased the min-
imum wage in this House last year. If 
you make the minimum wage in the 
United States—the Federal minimum 
wage is $7.25 an hour. So if you work an 
entire 40-hour week you will make $290 
gross. If you work 52 weeks out of the 
year at that level, you will make 
$15,080 for a year gross income. 
So do we think Americans who work 
40 hours a week for 52 weeks a year 
should make more than $15,000 a year? 
Yes, we do. Guilty as charged. And we 
can have that conversation either in 
reconciliation, should that be the de-
sire of the committees and the Senate, 
but we will certainly have it again on 
this floor because it is part of what we 
believe and the values that we hold 
dear as the majority in this House. 
As it relates to the bipartisanship, 
we have said before, I said it earlier, 
Chairman YARMUTH said it repeatedly, 
we are happy and want to have a con-
versation about a bipartisan agree-
ment. But whether we have a bipar-
tisan agreement or not, we are going to 
move forward. 
President Biden met with the 10 
members of the United States Senate 
just earlier this week to talk about 
compromise. He has signaled repeat-
edly his willingness to do it. But we are 
going to do it with or without a bipar-
tisan agreement because leadership is 
what this moment requires. 
I dare say, I imagine there are not 
many families in America who really 
at the end of the day care more about 
how we put this deal together than 
they care about getting a stimulus 
check to pay their rent; that they care 
about their children being safe when 
they go back to school; that they care 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00052
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.050
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 51-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H443 
February 5, 2021 
about unemployment benefits, if they 
happen to be one of the nearly 11 mil-
lion Americans who was out of work 
through no fault of their own but be-
cause of a deadly virus which doesn’t 
care whether you are a Democrat or a 
Republican. 
So we are going to provide leadership 
and, frankly, I think it is probably sur-
prising to some to see a President en-
gaged in the daily activities in the life 
of his government and the life of our 
country, someone who cares deeply 
about the future of America, who cares 
about the families who are in need, 
who cares about those who are sick, 
those who are dying. 
So that may be surprising. It is a lit-
tle out of the norm in recent years, but 
we have a President who is fully en-
gaged. Bipartisanship is what he has 
asked for. Bipartisanship is what he 
has talked about. It is what we seek 
here. But absent it, we will lead be-
cause too many Americans are suf-
fering and in crisis. 
With that, I yield 3 minutes to the 
distinguished gentleman from Oregon 
(Mr. BLUMENAUER). 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Madam Speaker, 
I appreciate the gentleman’s courtesy 
as I appreciate his words. 
This is a step in a long process. There 
are ample opportunities for bipartisan-
ship. I am hopeful that after years of 
talking about infrastructure, for in-
stance, and having Lucy pull the foot-
ball away—President Trump said he 
would like to do it, but we were incapa-
ble of moving forward even though 
there was a broad consensus, actually, 
on both sides of the aisle—I think 
President Biden is prepared to roll up 
his sleeves and do that with us. And 
the contrast between what we saw with 
President Biden opening up, talking to 
Republicans, leveling with the Amer-
ican people; and yet, at the beginning a 
year ago, we had documented evidence 
that Trump refused to acknowledge the 
urgency of the coronavirus. 
He soft-pedaled it along with a bum-
bling result where tens of thousands of 
people have died—maybe hundreds of 
thousands of people—who didn’t need 
to die. We have seen it in other coun-
tries. 
We are moving forward and I look 
forward to having opportunities with 
our Republican friends to join us. The 
reconciliation process is one step for-
ward. 
I can’t help contrasting it with how 
we have seen Republicans use rec-
onciliation. I was on the Ways and 
Means Committee while they were lit-
erally writing the bill as we were meet-
ing late into the morning, changing it 
as it went on. They didn’t know what 
was in it. And that produced almost $2 
trillion worth of deficit from people 
who are now fiscally conservative. 
The contrast is stunning. We are 
going into meetings with the Ways and 
Means Committee during the day next 
week, not 1 day, not 2 days. We are pre-
pared to be there 3 days or on into the 
weekend. 
But I wanted to just take a moment 
to talk about one area of bipartisan co-
operation that really lifts my spirits. I 
have been working for a year to try 
and rescue America’s independent res-
taurants, the people who have been hit 
hardest by the coronavirus of any em-
ployment group. 500,000 restaurants— 
there are 11 million employees—have 
suffered more than any other area. 
I am pleased that the Senate, last 
night, by a 90–10 vote approved the 
framework of our restaurants bill, pro-
viding space in the reconciliation proc-
ess, 90–10. And I am pleased that the 
restaurants bill that we have reintro-
duced that last session had over 200 co-
sponsors, we picked up on H.R. 793 44 
cosponsors in less than 24 hours. I com-
mend our friends in the Senate who 
have helped us out. I commend the bi-
partisan work on this. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. MORELLE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield the gentleman from Oregon an 
additional 1 minute. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Madam Speaker, 
I appreciate the gentleman’s courtesy. 
I am excited that this is one area 
that there was an opportunity to have 
that bipartisan cooperation. The Biden 
administration supports it. We have 
Republican and Democratic support in 
the Senate. My good friend, Senator 
WICKER, and Senator SINEMA have led 
the charge there. This is a bright spot 
for a very troubled part of our econ-
omy, independent restaurants, which 
are the cornerstone of all of our com-
munities. 
I hope we can come together to sup-
port this on a bipartisan basis as we 
move forward with the reconciliation. I 
appreciate the gentleman’s courtesy. I 
appreciate the time. 
Mr. BURGESS. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
I do need to say one thing. A year 
ago, the gentleman had the oppor-
tunity to be in the same briefings that 
all of us were in. These were bipartisan 
briefings over in the Capitol Visitor 
Center. All of the experts in public 
health came and talked to us about the 
dangerous waters ahead because of this 
plague coming out of China. 
And there could be no mistaking the 
difficulties that were ahead, but this 
was information that was available to 
all of us. It was not information that 
was secret or waived by the previous 
administration, not shared. It was here 
that we were given that same informa-
tion. 
Unfortunately, I sit on one of the au-
thorizing committees that is respon-
sible for pandemic preparedness. Did 
we do a single thing on a hearing basis 
during the month of February? The an-
swer is no. We added on 1 hour to the 
end of a budget hearing at the end of 
February and by the middle of March, 
we had to suspend all activity in the 
Congress because of the pandemic. 
We squandered the weeks that were 
available to us. The President bought 
us some time by cutting off foreign 
travel from China. The problem is that 
we, as the House of Representatives 
and Democratic leadership in my com-
mittee, did not use that time effec-
tively. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to 
the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. 
CAMMACK), a valuable new freshman 
Member. 
b 1215 
Mrs. CAMMACK. Madam Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman for yielding. 
Madam Speaker, I rise before you 
today in opposition to this rule. Since 
we began this new Congress in Janu-
ary—and I realize that I am new here— 
I have yet to see a single action by this 
House that could be interpreted as bi-
partisan; unifying; or, if we are being 
honest, a good use of our collective 
time. 
Our Nation is experiencing one of the 
worst crises in our history. Last Con-
gress, this body passed legislation that 
was quadruple the size of all New Deal 
programs combined, and that is ad-
justed for inflation. We are talking 
about $4 trillion. Today’s solutions 
cannot be tomorrow’s problems. 
Madam Speaker, I am in favor of re-
lief for our struggling businesses, our 
constituents, 
and 
our 
hardworking 
families. However, what we are consid-
ering here today is not relief. Rather, 
we are garnishing the wages of future 
generations. While the left is focused 
on charging Members of Congress thou-
sands of dollars for their masks falling 
below their nose, mom-and-pop shops 
back home are having their local, 
State, and now Federal Government 
stand in the way of them opening their 
doors and getting this economy up and 
running. 
And what of the $1.3 trillion that this 
body recently passed and that this ad-
ministration has yet to spend? Where 
is that money going? 
History shows us that the most suc-
cessful actions by government have 
been bipartisan. It is time to let every-
one, including Republicans, have a seat 
at the table. Until we prioritize all— 
all—of our people instead of just some 
coastal elites, I will not and I cannot 
support the actions of this majority. 
Mr. MORELLE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
I first welcome the gentlewoman 
from Florida to the House, and I look 
forward to many opportunities to work 
together in a bipartisan fashion. I 
would note that one of the very first 
things we did in this House was the bi-
partisan passage of Public Law 117–1, 
which was paving the way for an his-
toric appointment of Defense Secretary 
Lloyd Austin. So we have worked to-
gether, and I think we will find com-
mon purpose on so many things facing 
the American public. And I certainly 
hope we find commonality and purpose 
in this work that we will do over the 
next several days to work on support, 
in the most difficult of times, for 
American families. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00053
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.052
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 52-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H444 
February 5, 2021 
Because I have heard this now said so 
many times in the last few days about 
a trillion dollars that the Biden admin-
istration has not spent, I would say, 
first of all, if anyone in a period of 2 
weeks could spend a trillion dollars, I 
would find that remarkable. 
The second is, this is in the pipeline. 
And we don’t wait for every dollar to 
be spent and then think about having 
another debate about further support. 
There is nothing about this that I 
find extraordinary. What I do find ex-
traordinary is that you point out that 
money that has been appropriated, is 
earmarked, and is moving out the door 
in appropriate ways and going through 
the proper channels, and that would be 
a point of debate and argument. 
This is necessary. We have heard it 
from 
so 
many 
leading 
economists 
around this country. We have heard it 
from the American public. So I think 
the case is clear, and I look forward to 
further discussion on this. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to 
the gentlewoman from the great State 
of New Mexico (Ms. LEGER FERNANDEZ). 
Ms. LEGER FERNANDEZ. Madam 
Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote 
for the budget rule and resolution be-
cause 
Americans cannot wait any 
longer for us to rescue our economy 
and our health. 
We are the Congress of the United 
States. Our job is to solve problems. 
We can’t neglect our duty. This pan-
demic has devastated everything we 
love—everything each of us loves. If we 
don’t do this, millions of Americans— 
especially people of color, in my State, 
Tribal communities, the Navajo, the 
Pueblos, the Apaches, and women—will 
continue to suffer and die. 
New Mexicans are waiting for our 
help so they can afford to put food on 
the table and keep a roof over their 
heads, so they can go to eat at the res-
taurants, and have their kids in school 
where they feel safe. They are waiting 
for more COVID vaccines. 
New Mexico is one of the best States 
in getting the vaccine out, but we don’t 
have enough, and this will help us get 
enough vaccines. They are waiting for 
certainty that this year will be better 
than the last. Lives are on the line and 
all Americans’ voices are loud and 
clear. They need us to act and to act 
boldly. 
I am listening to American voices 
from the rural areas, from suburban 
areas, from conservative areas. I rep-
resent an incredibly diverse district, 
and they are all asking us to act. So 
let’s listen. Whether you are a Demo-
crat or Republican, let’s listen to their 
voices, to their pleas. Let’s take ac-
tion. Let’s stop the pain. 
Mr. BURGESS. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
If we defeat the previous question, I 
will offer an amendment to the rule to 
immediately consider H.R. 682, the Re-
open Schools Act, to encourage local 
educational agencies to resume in-per-
son instruction at elementary and sec-
ondary schools. 
Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous 
consent to include in the RECORD the 
text of my amendment, along with ex-
traneous material, immediately prior 
to the vote on the previous question. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-
tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. 
Mr. BURGESS. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman 
from California (Mrs. STEEL), who is 
here to explain the amendment. I wel-
come her to the floor. 
Mrs. STEEL. Madam Speaker, I rise 
in opposition to the previous question. 
If the previous question is defeated, Re-
publicans will amend this rule to im-
mediately consider H.R. 682, the Re-
open Schools Act. 
This bill was introduced by Congress-
woman ASHLEY HINSON, and it would 
condition State COVID relief grants for 
education on schools reopening so that 
students can get back in the classroom 
safely. 
In December, Congress sent States 
$54 billion for K–12 education. Con-
gresswoman HINSON’s bill would ensure 
this money is used to get students back 
in the classroom safely and soon. 
In-person learning can be done safely 
with the right precautions and safety 
measures. In Orange County, Cali-
fornia, when I was chair of the Board of 
Supervisors, we safely allowed schools 
to reopen in early September. Children 
have been able to go to school in per-
son safely, and the science shows that 
it has not contributed to significant 
COVID–19 outbreaks in our commu-
nities. 
Congress should be clear that we ex-
pect schools to use this funding to re-
open, 
while 
keeping 
students 
and 
teachers safe. The science says stu-
dents should return to the classroom. 
The CDC has confirmed that K–12 
schools are not a high-transmission en-
vironment. Young kids have an ex-
tremely low infection rate, low trans-
mission rate, and a low rate of serious 
illness from COVID–19. 
Unfortunately, only one-third of K–12 
schools across the country currently 
have an in-person learning option 
available for students. As a result, 
kids’ mental health is hurting. Stu-
dents should be socializing with their 
peers and in a classroom environment. 
Child depression, anxiety, and other 
mental health issues are rising. Both 
parents and children across this Nation 
continue to suffer because of the chal-
lenges from this long-term lockdown. 
While virtual learning can play an 
important role in offering parents and 
students additional education options, 
it should not be forced on families by 
schools unable to offer it effectively. It 
is unfortunate this legislation won’t 
even be considered, because doing the 
right thing for students should not be a 
partisan issue. This is a disservice to 
students and families across the coun-
try who are suffering because of this 
pandemic lockdown. Congress should 
be working in a bipartisan way to pro-
vide targeted help. 
Madam Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. 
Mr. MORELLE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. To the new Member, I also wel-
come her to the Chambers and I look 
forward to working with her on impor-
tant issues, such as education. 
It should not need to be said, but I 
will say it: This package has billions of 
dollars that will support education and 
schools. So pass this resolution. There 
is no need to substitute it. 
I would look just to my home State 
of New York, which has lost $15 billion 
in revenue as a result of this pandemic. 
And I know a little bit about this. I 
served in that State legislature for 
many years. The State of New York 
provides the highest level of support 
per capita of a State to its local school 
districts of any State in the Union. So 
not helping local school districts, not 
helping our States provide lost revenue 
in support, damages, irreparably, the 
children in our K–12 across our coun-
try. 
So pass this resolution. Work with us 
to make sure that we can provide sup-
port for our local school districts. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to 
the distinguished gentleman from the 
State of California (Mr. BERA). 
Mr. BERA. Madam Speaker, I rise to 
speak in support of this budget resolu-
tion, and I speak as a doctor. This 
virus doesn’t know whether you are 
Democrat or Republican. This virus 
doesn’t know the color of your skin, 
the religion that you worship towards. 
I commend the Biden administration 
for wanting to go big and wanting to go 
fast, because we have to get ahead of 
the virus, defeat the virus. But then we 
have to do the efforts to vaccinate the 
population that are out, to address the 
food insecurity that we see all across 
this country. 
Madam Speaker, I am particularly 
pleased that this package will have 
funding in it, as we put it together to 
address vaccine hesitancy and misin-
formation, 
particularly 
in 
hard-hit 
communities 
of 
color—Black 
and 
Brown communities. We have to get 
into those communities, work with 
community health centers, work with 
folks in those communities to make 
sure they get vaccinated. And I am 
pleased that we have been working 
with the Biden administration to get 
this done. 
Madam Speaker, I fully support 
going big and fully support this budget 
resolution. 
Mr. BURGESS. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from 
North Carolina (Mr. BUDD). 
Mr. BUDD. Madam Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman from Texas for yielding. 
Madam Speaker, lifesaving COVID 
vaccines are going to waste. Seniors 
and frontline workers in my State, the 
State of North Carolina, have had their 
vaccine appointments, which they de-
pended on, forcibly canceled. We have 
got to do better. 
Madam Speaker, I have two amend-
ments to this budget resolution that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00054
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.054
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 53-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H445 
February 5, 2021 
would address these issues, but the ma-
jority has blocked a vote. Instead, we 
are passing a budget resolution to set 
up a trillion—with a ‘‘T’’—a trillion- 
dollar spending bill. 
My first amendment, the Vaccinate 
More Americans Act, would prevent 
leftover COVID vaccines from being 
wasted by allowing vaccine providers 
to administer shots to the next alloca-
tion group automatically. 
My second amendment addresses an 
issue that affected over 10,000 North 
Carolinians who had their vaccine ap-
pointments forcibly canceled. This is 
unacceptable and something has to be 
done about it. 
My amendment says that any State 
health department that receives vac-
cines must distribute them in an equi-
table way without forcibly canceling 
appointments. We should be addressing 
these issues as a body instead of stuff-
ing trillion-dollar spending bills into a 
rules package. 
Mr. MORELLE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman 
from 
California 
(Ms. 
PELOSI), 
the 
Speaker of the House. 
Ms. 
PELOSI. 
Madam 
Speaker, 
I 
thank Mr. MORELLE, the gentleman 
from 
New 
York 
and 
distinguished 
member of the Committee on Rules, 
among other committees of the House, 
for bringing this important rule to the 
floor. 
Madam Speaker, we just left a meet-
ing with President Biden where we had 
a discussion about how this legislation 
meets the needs of the American peo-
ple. As our colleagues may be aware, 
early this morning, before 6 a.m., the 
Senate passed a budget bill, which is 
identical in instruction to the bill that 
we sent there. 
We had the debate on that bill on 
Wednesday. It passed with a strong 
vote in the House, and then went to the 
Senate. It comes back to us now and 
we are addressing it. So that is what 
brings us to the floor now. 
b 1230 
What brings us to the floor now is the 
opportunity to crush the virus, to put 
vaccines in the arms of the American 
people, money in the pockets of the 
American people, children safely in 
school, people back in their jobs. 
We can do that following science and 
good governance to make it happen. We 
must do that in a way that addresses 
the disparities. It is almost sinful to 
see the disparity in access to some of 
the vaccines and everything that hap-
pened up until now. 
As I mentioned the other day in the 
debate on the budget bill, the GAO has 
put out a report that at least 90 per-
cent of their recommendations to the 
Trump administration on how to ad-
dress the COVID crisis were ignored. 
Twenty-seven out of 31 were ignored. 
This legislation, again, based on 
science and knowledge, and respect for 
all the people in our society and in our 
country, addresses many of those con-
cerns in a more current way as now we 
have more access to vaccines and peo-
ple more willing to participate because 
they have hope. That is what this legis-
lation does. It gives us hope. 
It is a reconciliation bill, which 
means we can just pass it with 51 votes 
in the Senate. It would be my hope 
that we don’t have to use it as a rec-
onciliation bill, that we will be able to 
have bipartisanship with the facing of 
the facts of what is needed to meet the 
needs of the American people, both in 
this body and in the United States Sen-
ate. But in order to have a guarantee 
that the people’s needs will be met, we 
are passing this legislation today. 
I hope that we will have a very 
strong vote in favor of crushing the 
virus, money in the pockets, people 
back to work, and children, children, 
children safely in schools. 
Mr. BURGESS. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from 
Missouri (Mr. SMITH), the lead Repub-
lican on our House Budget Committee. 
Mr. 
SMITH 
of 
Missouri. 
Madam 
Speaker, in Missouri, we have this 
phrase that says: You are all hat and 
no cattle. That is what this legislation 
is. It is all hat and no cattle. 
We just had the Speaker speak right 
before me and said this piece of legisla-
tion is all about getting vaccines and 
shots in people’s arms. Let me tell you, 
less than 10 percent of the money that 
is appropriated in this piece of legisla-
tion actually goes to vaccines and 
shots. It is 9 percent. 
That is all hat and no cattle, what we 
say in Missouri. If you are actually 
wanting to make sure that Americans 
have shots and vaccinations, do your 
job, not the lip service. If we really 
want to help American people, we 
should focus on lifting the burden of 
government influence and interference 
on the lives and off of the backs of 
working-class Americans. 
At a time of great division in this 
country, we ought to be conscious of 
the fact that how we govern in this 
body can serve to unite us, or it can di-
vide us further. 
The only thing that has been bipar-
tisan this week is bipartisan opposition 
to the bill. Not one Republican voted 
for it, but Democrats voted against it. 
One piece of this debate that is in-
creasingly obvious and concerning to 
me is how our Democrat colleagues are 
pushing legislation that will rescue or 
reward their political allies in blue 
State capitals across this country. How 
else does one explain the billions in 
bailouts they have proposed for State 
governments that have locked down 
their local economies? They have told 
Main Street to board up and left fami-
lies struggling even more to make ends 
meet. 
We should be looking to help work-
ing-class families by reopening schools, 
ending small business lock-downs, and 
allowing Americans to get back to 
work. 
Hardworking 
American 
families 
would also appreciate a White House 
that focuses more on job creation and 
economic opportunity instead of con-
tinuously issuing executive orders, fir-
ing American workers, and increasing 
the cost of living in this country. 
One truly disturbing part of the reso-
lution before us today is that this reso-
lution repeals the supermajority waiv-
er requirement for unfunded mandates, 
making it easier for the Senate to im-
pose mandates on our States and local 
communities on a partisan basis, now 
with only a simple majority waiver re-
quired. 
This paves the way for Democrats to 
enact sweeping policies that will make 
the cost of living more expensive, and 
it will give Washington bureaucrats 
power over the American people and 
harm the working class. 
Under this resolution, Democrats 
with a mere 51 votes could force States 
to provide healthcare to illegal immi-
grants under Medicaid. They could also 
take away States’ ability to ensure 
Federal carbon mandates don’t kill 
jobs and devastate local economies. 
Ironically, the same folks who want 
to bail out State governments today to 
the tune of hundreds of billions of dol-
lars will be able under the new rules to 
stick States with costly massive un-
funded mandates for the long term. It 
makes zero sense. 
House Democrats are driving full 
speed ahead toward radical policies 
that will kill jobs and hurt the working 
class. It is past time to put politics 
aside and focus on the real needs of all 
Americans. 
Madam Speaker, I stand ready to 
work with my colleagues on policies 
that will support the American work-
ing class. 
Mr. MORELLE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Madam Speaker, I would note, and I 
am sure the gentleman knows this, he 
mentioned appropriations in this bill. 
Obviously, there are no appropriations 
in this bill. 
This sets up a reconciliation process, 
and we would certainly welcome his 
input and welcome the support and 
partnership of Members on his side of 
the aisle. 
But I do want to make clear this is a 
process resolution. It begins the proc-
ess. We will come back and have con-
versations in the standing committees 
and, certainly, again on the floor as we 
move forward. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. BURGESS. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself the balance of my time. 
Madam Speaker, to recover from the 
pandemic, really, it is not a good idea 
to push through policies that don’t ad-
dress the immediate needs of the 
American people. The budget reconcili-
ation resolution provided for in this 
rule will drastically increase the def-
icit 
and 
seek 
to 
implement 
non-
essential partisan policies without first 
conducting hearings and oversight to 
ensure that current funding is spent ef-
fectively and efficiently. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00055
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.056
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 54-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H446 
February 5, 2021 
It is disappointing, after calling for 
unity just a little over 2 weeks ago in 
the front of this Capitol Building by 
the President, that the first move is to 
employ this partisan process. 
It is now up to the committees 
crafting the reconciliation legislation 
to work in a bipartisan manner. I sin-
cerely hope that they do, but it has 
been disappointing so far. And if the 
past is prelude, I don’t think we will 
look forward to this being a bipartisan 
process. 
Madam Speaker, I do want to remind 
Members that this will be a vote on the 
rule, but you will not get a vote on the 
resolution. Bear that in mind. The vote 
on the rule expands the deficit by $1.9 
to $2.9 trillion. 
Madam Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote 
on the previous question and a ‘‘no’’ 
vote on the rule. I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. MORELLE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Madam Speaker, I thank the gen-
tleman from Texas. Though from time 
to time we may disagree on questions 
before the House, I always find him 
very thoughtful, committed American. 
I am pleased to serve with him on the 
Rules Committee and pleased that we 
have had an opportunity to have this 
conversation this morning. 
Madam Speaker, budgets are not ex-
clusively about numbers or process. 
They are, most importantly, a state-
ment of our priorities and our values. 
Our priorities are clear. Stop this 
virus. Help our families. Our values are 
to respond to the critical needs of the 
American people, and that is what we 
do today. 
We will continue to work through 
this over the next several weeks, and I 
very much appreciate all of my col-
leagues for their words in support of 
the rule before us today. 
Madam Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote 
on the rule and a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the 
previous question. 
The material previously referred to 
by Mr. BURGESS is as follows: 
AMENDMENT TO HOUSE RESOLUTION 101 
At the end of the resolution, add the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. 2. Immediately upon adoption of this 
resolution, the House shall resolve into the 
Committee of the Whole House on the state 
of the Union for consideration of the bill 
(H.R. 682) to encourage local educational 
agencies to resume in-person instruction at 
elementary and secondary schools, and for 
other purposes. The first reading of the bill 
shall be dispensed with. All points of order 
against consideration of the bill are waived. 
General debate shall be confined to the bill 
and shall not exceed one hour equally di-
vided and controlled by the chair and rank-
ing minority member of the Committee on 
Education and Labor. After general debate 
the bill shall be considered for amendment 
under the five-minute rule. All points of 
order against provisions in the bill are 
waived. When the committee rises and re-
ports the bill back to the House with a rec-
ommendation that the bill do pass, the pre-
vious question shall be considered as ordered 
on the bill and amendments thereto to final 
passage without intervening motion except 
one motion to recommit. If the Committee 
of the Whole rises and reports that it has 
come to no resolution on the bill, then on 
the next legislative day the House shall, im-
mediately after the third daily order of busi-
ness under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into 
the Committee of the Whole for further con-
sideration of the bill. 
SEC. 3. Clause l(c) of rule XIX shall not 
apply to the consideration of H.R. 682. 
Mr. MORELLE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield back the balance of my time, and 
I move the previous question on the 
resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on ordering the previous 
question. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that 
the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. BURGESS. Madam Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 3(s) of House Resolution 
8, the yeas and nays are ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 220, nays 
210, not voting 1, as follows: 
[Roll No. 26] 
YEAS—220 
Adams 
Aguilar 
Allred 
Auchincloss 
Axne 
Barraga´n 
Bass 
Beatty 
Bera 
Beyer 
Bishop (GA) 
Blumenauer 
Blunt Rochester 
Bonamici 
Bourdeaux 
Bowman 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brown 
Brownley 
Bush 
Bustos 
Butterfield 
Carbajal 
Ca´rdenas 
Carson 
Cartwright 
Case 
Casten 
Castor (FL) 
Castro (TX) 
Chu 
Cicilline 
Clark (MA) 
Clarke (NY) 
Cleaver 
Clyburn 
Cohen 
Connolly 
Cooper 
Correa 
Costa 
Courtney 
Craig 
Crist 
Crow 
Cuellar 
Davids (KS) 
Davis, Danny K. 
Dean 
DeFazio 
DeGette 
DeLauro 
DelBene 
Delgado 
Demings 
DeSaulnier 
Deutch 
Dingell 
Doggett 
Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Escobar 
Eshoo 
Espaillat 
Evans 
Fletcher 
Foster 
Frankel, Lois 
Fudge 
Gallego 
Garamendi 
Garcı´a (IL) 
Garcia (TX) 
Golden 
Gomez 
Gonzalez, 
Vicente 
Gottheimer 
Green, Al (TX) 
Grijalva 
Haaland 
Harder (CA) 
Hastings 
Hayes 
Higgins (NY) 
Himes 
Horsford 
Houlahan 
Hoyer 
Huffman 
Jackson Lee 
Jacobs (CA) 
Jayapal 
Jeffries 
Johnson (GA) 
Johnson (TX) 
Jones 
Kahele 
Kaptur 
Keating 
Kelly (IL) 
Khanna 
Kildee 
Kilmer 
Kim (NJ) 
Kind 
Kirkpatrick 
Krishnamoorthi 
Kuster 
Lamb 
Langevin 
Larsen (WA) 
Larson (CT) 
Lawrence 
Lawson (FL) 
Lee (CA) 
Lee (NV) 
Leger Fernandez 
Levin (CA) 
Levin (MI) 
Lieu 
Lofgren 
Lowenthal 
Luria 
Lynch 
Malinowski 
Maloney, 
Carolyn B. 
Maloney, Sean 
Manning 
Matsui 
McBath 
McCollum 
McEachin 
McGovern 
McNerney 
Meeks 
Meng 
Mfume 
Moore (WI) 
Morelle 
Moulton 
Mrvan 
Murphy (FL) 
Nadler 
Napolitano 
Neal 
Neguse 
Newman 
Norcross 
O’Halleran 
Ocasio-Cortez 
Omar 
Pallone 
Panetta 
Pappas 
Pascrell 
Payne 
Perlmutter 
Peters 
Phillips 
Pingree 
Pocan 
Porter 
Pressley 
Price (NC) 
Quigley 
Raskin 
Rice (NY) 
Ross 
Roybal-Allard 
Ruiz 
Ruppersberger 
Rush 
Ryan 
Sa´nchez 
Sarbanes 
Scanlon 
Schakowsky 
Schiff 
Schneider 
Schrader 
Schrier 
Scott (VA) 
Scott, David 
Sewell 
Sherman 
Sherrill 
Sires 
Slotkin 
Smith (WA) 
Soto 
Spanberger 
Speier 
Stanton 
Stevens 
Strickland 
Suozzi 
Swalwell 
Takano 
Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) 
Titus 
Tlaib 
Tonko 
Torres (CA) 
Torres (NY) 
Trahan 
Trone 
Underwood 
Vargas 
Veasey 
Vela 
Vela´zquez 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters 
Watson Coleman 
Welch 
Wexton 
Wild 
Williams (GA) 
Wilson (FL) 
Yarmuth 
NAYS—210 
Aderholt 
Allen 
Amodei 
Armstrong 
Arrington 
Babin 
Bacon 
Baird 
Balderson 
Banks 
Barr 
Bentz 
Bergman 
Bice (OK) 
Biggs 
Bilirakis 
Bishop (NC) 
Boebert 
Bost 
Brady 
Brooks 
Buchanan 
Buck 
Bucshon 
Budd 
Burchett 
Burgess 
Calvert 
Cammack 
Carl 
Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) 
Cawthorn 
Chabot 
Cheney 
Cline 
Cloud 
Clyde 
Cole 
Comer 
Crawford 
Crenshaw 
Curtis 
Davidson 
Davis, Rodney 
DesJarlais 
Diaz-Balart 
Donalds 
Duncan 
Dunn 
Emmer 
Estes 
Fallon 
Feenstra 
Ferguson 
Fischbach 
Fitzgerald 
Fitzpatrick 
Fleischmann 
Fortenberry 
Foxx 
Franklin, C. 
Scott 
Fulcher 
Gaetz 
Gallagher 
Garbarino 
Garcia (CA) 
Gibbs 
Gimenez 
Gohmert 
Gonzales, Tony 
Gonzalez (OH) 
Good (VA) 
Gooden (TX) 
Gosar 
Granger 
Graves (LA) 
Graves (MO) 
Green (TN) 
Greene (GA) 
Griffith 
Grothman 
Guest 
Guthrie 
Hagedorn 
Harris 
Harshbarger 
Hartzler 
Hern 
Herrell 
Herrera Beutler 
Hice (GA) 
Higgins (LA) 
Hill 
Hinson 
Hollingsworth 
Hudson 
Huizenga 
Issa 
Jackson 
Jacobs (NY) 
Johnson (LA) 
Johnson (OH) 
Johnson (SD) 
Jordan 
Joyce (OH) 
Joyce (PA) 
Katko 
Keller 
Kelly (MS) 
Kelly (PA) 
Kim (CA) 
Kinzinger 
Kustoff 
LaHood 
LaMalfa 
Lamborn 
Latta 
LaTurner 
Lesko 
Long 
Loudermilk 
Lucas 
Luetkemeyer 
Mace 
Malliotakis 
Mann 
Massie 
Mast 
McCarthy 
McCaul 
McClain 
McClintock 
McHenry 
McKinley 
Meijer 
Meuser 
Miller (IL) 
Miller (WV) 
Miller-Meeks 
Moolenaar 
Mooney 
Moore (AL) 
Moore (UT) 
Mullin 
Murphy (NC) 
Nehls 
Newhouse 
Norman 
Nunes 
Obernolte 
Owens 
Palazzo 
Palmer 
Pence 
Perry 
Pfluger 
Posey 
Reed 
Reschenthaler 
Rice (SC) 
Rodgers (WA) 
Rogers (AL) 
Rogers (KY) 
Rose 
Rosendale 
Rouzer 
Roy 
Rutherford 
Salazar 
Scalise 
Schweikert 
Scott, Austin 
Sessions 
Simpson 
Smith (MO) 
Smith (NE) 
Smith (NJ) 
Smucker 
Spartz 
Stauber 
Steel 
Stefanik 
Steil 
Steube 
Stewart 
Stivers 
Taylor 
Thompson (PA) 
Tiffany 
Timmons 
Turner 
Upton 
Valadao 
Van Drew 
Van Duyne 
Wagner 
Walberg 
Walorski 
Waltz 
Weber (TX) 
Webster (FL) 
Wenstrup 
Westerman 
Williams (TX) 
Wilson (SC) 
Wittman 
Womack 
Young 
Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—1 
Wright 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. 
JACKSON LEE)(during the vote). Mem-
bers are reminded to put on their 
masks. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:29 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00056
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.058
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 55-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H447 
February 5, 2021 
b 1333 
Mr. JACOBS of New York changed 
his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mr. DELGADO changed his vote from 
‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the previous question was ordered. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
MEMBERS RECORDED PURSUANT TO HOUSE 
RESOLUTION 8, 117TH CONGRESS 
Amodei (Kelly 
(PA)) 
Axne (Stevens) 
Barraga´n (Beyer) 
Bishop (GA) 
(Butterfield) 
Bowman (Clark 
(MA)) 
Buchanan 
(Arrington) 
Ca´rdenas 
(Gomez) 
Carson 
(Butterfield) 
Castor (FL) 
(Demings) 
Cohen (Beyer) 
Cooper (Clark 
(MA)) 
DeSaulnier 
(Matsui) 
Doggett (Beyer) 
Donalds 
(Cammack) 
Fallon (Nehls) 
Frankel, Lois 
(Clark (MA)) 
Gallego (Gomez) 
Garcı´a (IL) 
(Pressley) 
Gonzalez, 
Vicente 
(Gomez) 
Gosar (Wagner) 
Hastings 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Higgins (NY) 
(Kildee) 
Jayapal (Clark 
(MA)) 
Kahele (Case) 
Kind (Beyer) 
Kirkpatrick 
(Stanton) 
Krishnamoorthi 
(Brown) 
Langevin 
(Courtney) 
Larson (CT) 
(Courtney) 
Lawrence 
(Kildee) 
Lawson (FL) 
(Evans) 
Lieu (Beyer) 
Lofgren (Jeffries) 
Long (Wagner) 
Lowenthal 
(Beyer) 
Lynch (Clark 
(MA)) 
Maloney, 
Carolyn B. 
(Jeffries) 
McEachin 
(Wexton) 
McHenry (Banks) 
Meng (Clark 
(MA)) 
Moulton (Beyer) 
Napolitano 
(Correa) 
Payne 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Porter (Wexton) 
Price (NC) 
(Butterfield) 
Roybal-Allard 
(Correa) 
Ruiz (Aguilar) 
Rush 
(Underwood) 
Speier (Scanlon) 
Titus (Connolly) 
Trahan 
(McGovern) 
Vela (Gomez) 
Waltz 
(Cammack) 
Watson Coleman 
(Pallone) 
Wilson (FL) 
(Adams) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the resolution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that 
the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. BURGESS. Madam Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 3(s) of House Resolution 
8, the yeas and nays are ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 219, nays 
209, not voting 3, as follows: 
[Roll No. 27] 
YEAS—219 
Adams 
Aguilar 
Allred 
Auchincloss 
Axne 
Barraga´n 
Bass 
Beatty 
Bera 
Beyer 
Bishop (GA) 
Blumenauer 
Blunt Rochester 
Bonamici 
Bourdeaux 
Bowman 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brown 
Brownley 
Bush 
Bustos 
Butterfield 
Carbajal 
Ca´rdenas 
Carson 
Cartwright 
Case 
Casten 
Castor (FL) 
Castro (TX) 
Chu 
Cicilline 
Clark (MA) 
Clarke (NY) 
Cleaver 
Clyburn 
Cohen 
Connolly 
Cooper 
Correa 
Costa 
Courtney 
Craig 
Crist 
Crow 
Cuellar 
Davids (KS) 
Davis, Danny K. 
Dean 
DeFazio 
DeGette 
DeLauro 
DelBene 
Delgado 
Demings 
DeSaulnier 
Deutch 
Dingell 
Doggett 
Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Escobar 
Eshoo 
Espaillat 
Evans 
Fletcher 
Foster 
Frankel, Lois 
Fudge 
Gallego 
Garamendi 
Garcı´a (IL) 
Garcia (TX) 
Gomez 
Gonzalez, 
Vicente 
Gottheimer 
Green, Al (TX) 
Grijalva 
Haaland 
Harder (CA) 
Hastings 
Hayes 
Higgins (NY) 
Himes 
Horsford 
Houlahan 
Hoyer 
Huffman 
Jackson Lee 
Jacobs (CA) 
Jayapal 
Jeffries 
Johnson (GA) 
Johnson (TX) 
Jones 
Kahele 
Kaptur 
Keating 
Kelly (IL) 
Khanna 
Kildee 
Kilmer 
Kim (NJ) 
Kind 
Kirkpatrick 
Krishnamoorthi 
Kuster 
Lamb 
Langevin 
Larsen (WA) 
Larson (CT) 
Lawrence 
Lawson (FL) 
Lee (CA) 
Lee (NV) 
Leger Fernandez 
Levin (CA) 
Levin (MI) 
Lieu 
Lofgren 
Lowenthal 
Luria 
Lynch 
Malinowski 
Maloney, 
Carolyn B. 
Maloney, Sean 
Manning 
Matsui 
McBath 
McCollum 
McEachin 
McGovern 
McNerney 
Meeks 
Meng 
Mfume 
Moore (WI) 
Morelle 
Moulton 
Mrvan 
Murphy (FL) 
Nadler 
Napolitano 
Neal 
Neguse 
Newman 
Norcross 
O’Halleran 
Ocasio-Cortez 
Omar 
Pallone 
Panetta 
Pappas 
Pascrell 
Payne 
Perlmutter 
Peters 
Phillips 
Pingree 
Pocan 
Porter 
Pressley 
Price (NC) 
Quigley 
Raskin 
Rice (NY) 
Ross 
Roybal-Allard 
Ruiz 
Ruppersberger 
Rush 
Ryan 
Sa´nchez 
Sarbanes 
Scanlon 
Schakowsky 
Schiff 
Schneider 
Schrader 
Schrier 
Scott (VA) 
Scott, David 
Sewell 
Sherman 
Sherrill 
Sires 
Slotkin 
Smith (WA) 
Soto 
Spanberger 
Speier 
Stanton 
Stevens 
Strickland 
Suozzi 
Swalwell 
Takano 
Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) 
Titus 
Tlaib 
Tonko 
Torres (CA) 
Torres (NY) 
Trahan 
Trone 
Underwood 
Vargas 
Veasey 
Vela 
Vela´zquez 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters 
Watson Coleman 
Welch 
Wexton 
Wild 
Williams (GA) 
Wilson (FL) 
Yarmuth 
NAYS—209 
Aderholt 
Allen 
Amodei 
Armstrong 
Arrington 
Babin 
Bacon 
Baird 
Balderson 
Banks 
Barr 
Bentz 
Bergman 
Bice (OK) 
Biggs 
Bilirakis 
Bishop (NC) 
Boebert 
Bost 
Brady 
Brooks 
Buchanan 
Buck 
Bucshon 
Budd 
Burchett 
Burgess 
Calvert 
Cammack 
Carl 
Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) 
Cawthorn 
Chabot 
Cheney 
Cline 
Cloud 
Clyde 
Cole 
Comer 
Crawford 
Crenshaw 
Curtis 
Davidson 
Davis, Rodney 
DesJarlais 
Diaz-Balart 
Donalds 
Duncan 
Dunn 
Emmer 
Estes 
Fallon 
Feenstra 
Ferguson 
Fischbach 
Fitzgerald 
Fitzpatrick 
Fleischmann 
Fortenberry 
Foxx 
Franklin, C. 
Scott 
Fulcher 
Gaetz 
Gallagher 
Garbarino 
Garcia (CA) 
Gibbs 
Gimenez 
Gohmert 
Golden 
Gonzales, Tony 
Gonzalez (OH) 
Good (VA) 
Gooden (TX) 
Gosar 
Granger 
Graves (LA) 
Graves (MO) 
Green (TN) 
Greene (GA) 
Griffith 
Grothman 
Guest 
Guthrie 
Hagedorn 
Harris 
Harshbarger 
Hartzler 
Hern 
Herrell 
Herrera Beutler 
Hice (GA) 
Higgins (LA) 
Hill 
Hinson 
Hollingsworth 
Hudson 
Huizenga 
Issa 
Jackson 
Jacobs (NY) 
Johnson (LA) 
Johnson (OH) 
Johnson (SD) 
Jordan 
Joyce (OH) 
Joyce (PA) 
Katko 
Keller 
Kelly (MS) 
Kelly (PA) 
Kim (CA) 
Kinzinger 
Kustoff 
LaHood 
LaMalfa 
Lamborn 
Latta 
LaTurner 
Lesko 
Long 
Loudermilk 
Lucas 
Luetkemeyer 
Mace 
Malliotakis 
Mann 
Massie 
Mast 
McCarthy 
McClain 
McClintock 
McHenry 
McKinley 
Meijer 
Meuser 
Miller (IL) 
Miller (WV) 
Miller-Meeks 
Moolenaar 
Mooney 
Moore (AL) 
Moore (UT) 
Mullin 
Murphy (NC) 
Nehls 
Newhouse 
Norman 
Nunes 
Obernolte 
Owens 
Palazzo 
Palmer 
Pence 
Perry 
Pfluger 
Reed 
Reschenthaler 
Rice (SC) 
Rodgers (WA) 
Rogers (AL) 
Rogers (KY) 
Rose 
Rosendale 
Rouzer 
Roy 
Rutherford 
Salazar 
Scalise 
Schweikert 
Scott, Austin 
Sessions 
Simpson 
Smith (MO) 
Smith (NE) 
Smith (NJ) 
Smucker 
Spartz 
Stauber 
Steel 
Stefanik 
Steil 
Steube 
Stewart 
Stivers 
Taylor 
Thompson (PA) 
Tiffany 
Timmons 
Turner 
Upton 
Valadao 
Van Drew 
Van Duyne 
Wagner 
Walberg 
Walorski 
Waltz 
Weber (TX) 
Webster (FL) 
Wenstrup 
Westerman 
Williams (TX) 
Wilson (SC) 
Wittman 
Womack 
Young 
Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—3 
McCaul 
Posey 
Wright 
b 1420 
So the resolution was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated against; 
Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-
ably detained. Had I been present, I would 
have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 27. 
MEMBERS RECORDED PURSUANT TO HOUSE 
RESOLUTION 8, 117TH CONGRESS 
Amodei (Kelly 
(PA)) 
Axne (Stevens) 
Barraga´n (Beyer) 
Bishop (GA) 
(Butterfield) 
Blumenauer 
(Beyer) 
Bowman (Clark 
(MA)) 
Buchanan 
(Arrington) 
Ca´rdenas 
(Gomez) 
Carson 
(Butterfield) 
Castor (FL) 
(Demings) 
Cohen (Beyer) 
Cooper (Clark 
(MA)) 
DeSaulnier 
(Matsui) 
Doggett (Beyer) 
Donalds 
(Cammack) 
Fallon (Nehls) 
Frankel, Lois 
(Clark (MA)) 
Gallego (Gomez) 
Garcı´a (IL) 
(Pressley) 
Gonzalez, 
Vicente 
(Gomez) 
Gosar (Wagner) 
Hastings 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Higgins (NY) 
(Kildee) 
Jayapal (Clark 
(MA)) 
Kahele (Case) 
Kind (Beyer) 
Kirkpatrick 
(Stanton) 
Krishnamoorthi 
(Brown) 
Langevin 
(Courtney) 
Larson (CT) 
(Courtney) 
Lawrence 
(Kildee) 
Lawson (FL) 
(Evans) 
Lieu (Beyer) 
Lofgren (Jeffries) 
Long (Wagner) 
Lowenthal 
(Beyer) 
Lynch (Clark 
(MA)) 
Maloney, 
Carolyn B. 
(Jeffries) 
McEachin 
(Wexton) 
McHenry (Banks) 
Meng (Clark 
(MA)) 
Moulton (Beyer) 
Napolitano 
(Correa) 
Panetta (Kildee) 
Payne 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Porter (Wexton) 
Price (NC) 
(Butterfield) 
Roybal-Allard 
(Correa) 
Ruiz (Aguilar) 
Rush 
(Underwood) 
Speier (Scanlon) 
Titus (Connolly) 
Trahan 
(McGovern) 
Vela (Gomez) 
Waltz 
(Cammack) 
Watson Coleman 
(Pallone) 
Wilson (FL) 
(Adams) 
f 
CONCURRENT 
RESOLUTION 
ON 
THE BUDGET FOR FISCAL YEAR 
2021 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. KIL-
DEE). The Chair announces that, pursu-
ant to House Resolution 101, S. Con. 
Res. 5 is hereby adopted. 
The text of S. Con. Res. 5 is as fol-
lows: 
S. CON. RES. 5 
Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-
resentatives concurring), 
SECTION 1. CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE 
BUDGET FOR FISCAL YEAR 2021. 
(a) DECLARATION.—Congress declares that 
this resolution is the concurrent resolution 
on the budget for fiscal year 2021 and that 
this resolution sets forth the appropriate 
budgetary levels for fiscal years 2022 through 
2030. 
(b) TABLE OF CONTENTS.—The table of con-
tents for this concurrent resolution is as fol-
lows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00057
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.061
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 56-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H448 
February 5, 2021 
Sec. 1. Concurrent resolution on the budget 
for fiscal year 2021. 
TITLE I—RECOMMENDED LEVELS AND 
AMOUNTS 
Subtitle A—Budgetary Levels in Both 
Houses 
Sec. 1101. Recommended levels and amounts. 
Sec. 1102. Major functional categories. 
Subtitle B—Levels and Amounts in the 
Senate 
Sec. 1201. Social security in the Senate. 
Sec. 1202. Postal Service discretionary ad-
ministrative expenses in the 
Senate. 
TITLE II—RECONCILIATION 
Sec. 2001. Reconciliation in the House of 
Representatives. 
Sec. 2002. Reconciliation in the Senate. 
TITLE III—RESERVE FUNDS 
Sec. 3001. Reserve fund for reconciliation 
legislation. 
Sec. 3002. Reserve fund for deficit-neutral 
legislation. 
Sec. 3003. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to establishing a fund to 
provide grants to food service 
and drinking establishments af-
fected by the COVID–19 pan-
demic. 
Sec. 3004. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to preventing tax increases 
on small businesses during a 
pandemic. 
Sec. 3005. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to the authority of States 
and other taxing jurisdictions 
to tax certain income of em-
ployees working in other States 
or taxing jurisdictions. 
Sec. 3006. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to targeting economic im-
pact payments to Americans 
who are suffering from the ef-
fects of COVID–19. 
Sec. 3007. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to COVID–19 vaccine admin-
istration and a public aware-
ness campaign. 
Sec. 3008. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to supporting elementary 
and secondary schools in States 
with lost revenue due to the 
Federal moratorium on oil and 
natural gas leasing on public 
lands and offshore waters. 
Sec. 3009. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to strengthening the Pro-
vider Relief Fund. 
Sec. 3010. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to improving services and 
interventions relating to sexual 
assault, family violence, domes-
tic violence, dating violence, 
and child abuse. 
Sec. 3011. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to supporting hospitality, 
conventions, trade shows, en-
tertainment, tourism, and trav-
el and their workers. 
Sec. 3012. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to maintaining the United 
States Embassy in Jerusalem, 
Israel. 
Sec. 3013. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to increasing the Federal 
minimum wage during a global 
pandemic. 
Sec. 3014. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to funding the police. 
Sec. 3015. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to providing information 
online regarding the expendi-
ture of COVID–19 relief funds. 
Sec. 3016. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to improving the solvency 
of Federal trust funds. 
Sec. 3017. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to Federal environmental 
and water policies. 
Sec. 3018. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to Federal relief funds for 
State or local governments. 
Sec. 3019. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to prohibiting actions by 
the 
executive 
branch 
that 
would make the United States 
more reliant on countries with 
weaker environmental or labor 
standards 
for 
oil, 
gas, 
or 
hardrock mineral production. 
Sec. 3020. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to expanding health savings 
accounts. 
TITLE IV—OTHER MATTERS 
Sec. 4001. Enforcement filing. 
Sec. 4002. Budgetary treatment of adminis-
trative expenses. 
Sec. 4003. Application and effect of changes 
in allocations, aggregates, and 
other budgetary levels. 
Sec. 4004. Adjustments to reflect changes in 
concepts and definitions. 
Sec. 4005. Adjustment for changes in the 
baseline. 
Sec. 4006. Limitation on advance appropria-
tions. 
Sec. 4007. Repeal of supermajority enforce-
ment requirement. 
Sec. 4008. Exercise of rulemaking powers. 
TITLE I—RECOMMENDED LEVELS AND 
AMOUNTS 
Subtitle A—Budgetary Levels in Both Houses 
SEC. 
1101. 
RECOMMENDED 
LEVELS 
AND 
AMOUNTS. 
The following budgetary levels are appro-
priate for each of fiscal years 2021 through 
2030: 
(1) FEDERAL
REVENUES.—For purposes of 
the enforcement of this resolution: 
(A) The recommended levels of Federal 
revenues are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2021: $2,303,274,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2022: $2,768,717,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2023: $2,971,083,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2024: $3,092,643,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2025: $3,236,199,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2026: $3,514,253,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2027: $3,762,577,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2028: $3,883,209,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2029: $4,007,991,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2030: $4,121,665,000,000. 
(B) The amounts by which the aggregate 
levels of Federal revenues should be changed 
are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2021: ¥$15,670,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2022: ¥$17,390,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2023: $102,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2024: $226,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2025: $216,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2026: $181,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2027: $98,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2028: ¥$106,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2029: ¥$121,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2030: ¥$128,000,000. 
(2) NEW BUDGET AUTHORITY.—For purposes 
of the enforcement of this resolution, the ap-
propriate levels of total new budget author-
ity are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2021: $6,020,543,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2022: $4,091,342,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2023: $4,011,132,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2024: $4,072,784,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2025: $4,267,538,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2026: $4,449,047,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2027: $4,642,875,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2028: $4,960,846,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2029: $5,082,932,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2030: $5,471,756,000,000. 
(3) BUDGET OUTLAYS.—For purposes of the 
enforcement of this resolution, the appro-
priate levels of total budget outlays are as 
follows: 
Fiscal year 2021: $6,140,857,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2022: $4,298,244,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2023: $4,070,343,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2024: $4,070,242,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2025: $4,250,436,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2026: $4,425,376,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2027: $4,606,887,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2028: $4,950,170,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2029: $5,019,083,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2030: $5,419,949,000,000. 
(4) DEFICITS.—For purposes of the enforce-
ment of this resolution, the amounts of the 
deficits are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2021: $3,837,583,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2022: $1,529,527,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2023: $1,099,260,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2024: $977,599,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2025: $1,014,237,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2026: $911,123,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2027: $844,310,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2028: $1,066,961,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2029: $1,011,092,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2030: $1,298,284,000,000. 
(5) PUBLIC
DEBT.—Pursuant to section 
301(a)(5) of the Congressional Budget Act of 
1974 (2 U.S.C. 632(a)(5)), the appropriate levels 
of the public debt are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2021: $29,943,000,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2022: $31,647,000,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2023: $32,911,000,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2024: $34,102,000,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2025: $35,262,000,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2026: $36,311,000,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2027: $37,261,000,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2028: $38,443,000,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2029: $39,652,000,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2030: $41,068,000,000,000. 
(6) DEBT HELD BY THE PUBLIC.—The appro-
priate levels of debt held by the public are as 
follows: 
Fiscal year 2021: $24,081,000,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2022: $25,818,000,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2023: $27,153,000,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2024: $28,380,000,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2025: $29,610,000,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2026: $30,730,000,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2027: $31,882,000,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2028: $33,333,000,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2029: $34,768,000,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2030: $36,518,000,000,000. 
SEC. 1102. MAJOR FUNCTIONAL CATEGORIES. 
Congress determines and declares that the 
appropriate levels of new budget authority 
and outlays for fiscal years 2021 through 2030 
for each major functional category are: 
(1) National Defense (050): 
Fiscal year 2021: 
(A) New budget authority, $762,552,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $748,719,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2022: 
(A) New budget authority, $776,986,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $766,960,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2023: 
(A) New budget authority, $792,882,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $773,777,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2024: 
(A) New budget authority, $810,362,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $782,210,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2025: 
(A) New budget authority, $828,950,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $804,311,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2026: 
(A) New budget authority, $847,993,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $821,641,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2027: 
(A) New budget authority, $868,011,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $840,472,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2028: 
(A) New budget authority, $888,637,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $865,412,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2029: 
(A) New budget authority, $909,676,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $874,729,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2030: 
(A) New budget authority, $931,654,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $901,459,000,000. 
(2) International Affairs (150): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00058
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.052
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 57-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H449 
February 5, 2021 
Fiscal year 2021: 
(A) New budget authority, $85,042,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $47,310,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2022: 
(A) New budget authority, $64,249,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $58,941,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2023: 
(A) New budget authority, $60,410,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $60,004,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2024: 
(A) New budget authority, $61,722,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $59,578,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2025: 
(A) New budget authority, $63,114,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $60,371,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2026: 
(A) New budget authority, $64,518,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $61,851,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2027: 
(A) New budget authority, $66,053,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $63,271,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2028: 
(A) New budget authority, $67,608,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $64,814,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2029: 
(A) New budget authority, $69,140,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $66,100,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2030: 
(A) New budget authority, $70,703,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $67,498,000,000. 
(3) General Science, Space, and Technology 
(250): 
Fiscal year 2021: 
(A) New budget authority, $38,543,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $35,563,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2022: 
(A) New budget authority, $38,029,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $37,267,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2023: 
(A) New budget authority, $38,791,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $38,167,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2024: 
(A) New budget authority, $39,609,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $38,841,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2025: 
(A) New budget authority, $40,471,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $39,604,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2026: 
(A) New budget authority, $41,342,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $40,432,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2027: 
(A) New budget authority, $42,249,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $41,291,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2028: 
(A) New budget authority, $43,169,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $42,181,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2029: 
(A) New budget authority, $44,096,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $43,095,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2030: 
(A) New budget authority, $45,065,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $44,035,000,000. 
(4) Energy (270): 
Fiscal year 2021: 
(A) New budget authority, $4,057,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $5,280,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2022: 
(A) New budget authority, $6,050,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $5,076,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2023: 
(A) New budget authority, $5,730,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $4,542,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2024: 
(A) New budget authority, $5,834,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $4,760,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2025: 
(A) New budget authority, $5,948,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $4,857,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2026: 
(A) New budget authority, $5,819,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $4,810,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2027: 
(A) New budget authority, $5,928,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $4,886,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2028: 
(A) New budget authority, $7,846,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $6,806,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2029: 
(A) New budget authority, $8,318,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $7,337,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2030: 
(A) New budget authority, $8,502,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $7,601,000,000. 
(5) Natural Resources and Environment 
(300): 
Fiscal year 2021: 
(A) New budget authority, $50,042,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $47,053,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2022: 
(A) New budget authority, $51,243,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $49,042,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2023: 
(A) New budget authority, $53,061,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $50,890,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2024: 
(A) New budget authority, $54,116,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $52,475,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2025: 
(A) New budget authority, $55,219,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $54,269,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2026: 
(A) New budget authority, $54,734,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $55,807,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2027: 
(A) New budget authority, $55,899,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $57,090,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2028: 
(A) New budget authority, $57,141,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $58,098,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2029: 
(A) New budget authority, $58,378,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $59,056,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2030: 
(A) New budget authority, $59,616,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $59,946,000,000. 
(6) Agriculture (350): 
Fiscal year 2021: 
(A) New budget authority, $49,067,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $50,970,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2022: 
(A) New budget authority, $28,047,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $28,576,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2023: 
(A) New budget authority, $28,130,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $27,794,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2024: 
(A) New budget authority, $27,909,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $27,424,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2025: 
(A) New budget authority, $27,496,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $26,898,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2026: 
(A) New budget authority, $27,675,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $27,055,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2027: 
(A) New budget authority, $27,535,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $26,873,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2028: 
(A) New budget authority, $27,715,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $27,072,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2029: 
(A) New budget authority, $27,752,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $27,083,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2030: 
(A) New budget authority, $28,058,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $27,392,000,000. 
(7) Commerce and Housing Credit (370): 
Fiscal year 2021: 
(A) 
New 
budget 
authority, 
¥$242,699,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $327,529,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2022: 
(A) New budget authority, $19,497,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $36,392,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2023: 
(A) New budget authority, $20,198,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $18,376,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2024: 
(A) New budget authority, $21,159,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $18,015,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2025: 
(A) New budget authority, $20,943,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $16,507,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2026: 
(A) New budget authority, $21,827,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $15,783,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2027: 
(A) New budget authority, $22,117,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $15,520,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2028: 
(A) New budget authority, $21,953,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $16,174,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2029: 
(A) New budget authority, $22,222,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $15,056,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2030: 
(A) New budget authority, $21,683,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $13,389,000,000. 
(8) Transportation (400): 
Fiscal year 2021: 
(A) New budget authority, $206,391,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $185,619,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2022: 
(A) New budget authority, $104,160,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $119,664,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2023: 
(A) New budget authority, $104,738,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $112,309,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2024: 
(A) New budget authority, $105,569,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $105,989,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2025: 
(A) New budget authority, $106,120,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $108,527,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2026: 
(A) New budget authority, $107,067,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $111,187,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2027: 
(A) New budget authority, $108,278,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $113,982,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2028: 
(A) New budget authority, $109,339,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $116,164,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2029: 
(A) New budget authority, $110,222,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $118,680,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2030: 
(A) New budget authority, $111,372,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $121,056,000,000. 
(9) Community and Regional Development 
(450): 
Fiscal year 2021: 
(A) New budget authority, $127,525,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $98,043,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2022: 
(A) New budget authority, $32,000,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $51,963,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2023: 
(A) New budget authority, $32,624,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $48,433,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2024: 
(A) New budget authority, $33,318,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $45,776,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2025: 
(A) New budget authority, $34,031,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $43,758,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2026: 
(A) New budget authority, $34,763,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $42,053,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2027: 
(A) New budget authority, $35,520,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $42,217,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2028: 
(A) New budget authority, $36,283,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $42,162,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2029: 
(A) New budget authority, $37,048,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $42,100,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2030: 
(A) New budget authority, $37,843,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $42,189,000,000. 
(10) Education, Training, Employment, and 
Social Services (500): 
Fiscal year 2021: 
(A) New budget authority, $372,350,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $160,006,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2022: 
(A) New budget authority, $115,812,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $178,392,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2023: 
(A) New budget authority, $116,259,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $154,773,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2024: 
(A) New budget authority, $118,661,000,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00059
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.052
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 58-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H450 
February 5, 2021 
(B) Outlays, $150,171,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2025: 
(A) New budget authority, $121,803,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $144,105,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2026: 
(A) New budget authority, $125,194,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $134,645,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2027: 
(A) New budget authority, $128,638,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $130,729,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2028: 
(A) New budget authority, $132,003,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $131,492,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2029: 
(A) New budget authority, $134,674,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $132,652,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2030: 
(A) New budget authority, $137,812,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $135,558,000,000. 
(11) Health (550): 
Fiscal year 2021: 
(A) New budget authority, $943,093,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $882,818,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2022: 
(A) New budget authority, $748,503,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $797,760,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2023: 
(A) New budget authority, $713,126,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $722,016,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2024: 
(A) New budget authority, $720,847,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $730,335,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2025: 
(A) New budget authority, $754,383,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $753,709,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2026: 
(A) New budget authority, $790,057,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $785,131,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2027: 
(A) New budget authority, $825,982,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $820,641,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2028: 
(A) New budget authority, $858,454,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $858,986,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2029: 
(A) New budget authority, $900,409,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $901,525,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2030: 
(A) New budget authority, $955,814,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $946,672,000,000. 
(12) Medicare (570): 
Fiscal year 2021: 
(A) New budget authority, $766,853,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $766,005,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2022: 
(A) New budget authority, $745,579,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $745,556,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2023: 
(A) New budget authority, $838,359,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $838,200,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2024: 
(A) New budget authority, $851,671,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $851,452,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2025: 
(A) New budget authority, $958,756,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $958,451,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2026: 
(A) New budget authority, $1,026,856,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $1,026,484,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2027: 
(A) New budget authority, $1,098,460,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $1,098,027,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2028: 
(A) New budget authority, $1,244,688,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $1,244,201,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2029: 
(A) New budget authority, $1,184,583,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $1,184,048,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2030: 
(A) New budget authority, $1,331,736,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $1,331,161,000,000. 
(13) Income Security (600): 
Fiscal year 2021: 
(A) New budget authority, $1,845,601,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $1,779,410,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2022: 
(A) New budget authority, $770,908,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $805,014,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2023: 
(A) New budget authority, $619,246,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $628,956,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2024: 
(A) New budget authority, $620,759,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $612,726,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2025: 
(A) New budget authority, $632,210,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $624,207,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2026: 
(A) New budget authority, $640,597,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $638,103,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2027: 
(A) New budget authority, $633,758,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $627,362,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2028: 
(A) New budget authority, $645,839,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $643,707,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2029: 
(A) New budget authority, $641,962,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $627,556,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2030: 
(A) New budget authority, $657,398,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $648,615,000,000. 
(14) Social Security (650): 
Fiscal year 2021: 
(A) New budget authority, $40,594,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $40,598,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2022: 
(A) New budget authority, $42,633,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $42,633,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2023: 
(A) New budget authority, $45,486,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $45,486,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2024: 
(A) New budget authority, $48,621,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $48,621,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2025: 
(A) New budget authority, $52,151,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $52,151,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2026: 
(A) New budget authority, $62,223,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $62,223,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2027: 
(A) New budget authority, $68,685,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $68,685,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2028: 
(A) New budget authority, $73,712,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $73,712,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2029: 
(A) New budget authority, $78,912,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $78,912,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2030: 
(A) New budget authority, $83,948,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $83,948,000,000. 
(15) Veterans Benefits and Services (700): 
Fiscal year 2021: 
(A) New budget authority, $258,560,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $250,738,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2022: 
(A) New budget authority, $243,210,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $267,893,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2023: 
(A) New budget authority, $249,723,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $251,696,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2024: 
(A) New budget authority, $256,945,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $244,770,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2025: 
(A) New budget authority, $264,708,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $263,284,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2026: 
(A) New budget authority, $272,216,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $270,636,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2027: 
(A) New budget authority, $280,109,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $278,409,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2028: 
(A) New budget authority, $288,040,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $299,629,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2029: 
(A) New budget authority, $296,740,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $281,467,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2030: 
(A) New budget authority, $305,496,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $303,520,000,000. 
(16) Administration of Justice (750): 
Fiscal year 2021: 
(A) New budget authority, $72,961,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $74,900,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2022: 
(A) New budget authority, $76,879,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $73,320,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2023: 
(A) New budget authority, $74,336,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $73,557,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2024: 
(A) New budget authority, $75,600,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $75,011,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2025: 
(A) New budget authority, $76,413,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $76,155,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2026: 
(A) New budget authority, $78,161,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $77,827,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2027: 
(A) New budget authority, $80,010,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $79,533,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2028: 
(A) New budget authority, $81,961,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $80,963,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2029: 
(A) New budget authority, $83,994,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $82,930,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2030: 
(A) New budget authority, $92,786,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $91,769,000,000. 
(17) General Government (800): 
Fiscal year 2021: 
(A) New budget authority, $375,971,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $376,468,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2022: 
(A) New budget authority, $24,837,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $24,899,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2023: 
(A) New budget authority, $24,888,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $24,787,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2024: 
(A) New budget authority, $25,205,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $24,961,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2025: 
(A) New budget authority, $25,885,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $25,481,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2026: 
(A) New budget authority, $26,483,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $26,036,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2027: 
(A) New budget authority, $27,170,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $26,711,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2028: 
(A) New budget authority, $27,869,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $27,402,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2029: 
(A) New budget authority, $28,621,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $28,137,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2030: 
(A) New budget authority, $29,416,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $28,918,000,000. 
(18) Net Interest (900): 
Fiscal year 2021: 
(A) New budget authority, $365,131,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $365,131,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2022: 
(A) New budget authority, $345,959,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $345,959,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2023: 
(A) New budget authority, $336,379,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $336,379,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2024: 
(A) New budget authority, $332,881,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $332,881,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2025: 
(A) New budget authority, $341,018,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $341,018,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2026: 
(A) New budget authority, $367,269,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $367,269,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2027: 
(A) New budget authority, $418,442,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $418,442,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2028: 
(A) New budget authority, $502,412,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $502,412,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2029: 
(A) New budget authority, $605,086,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $605,086,000,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00060
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.052
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 59-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H451 
February 5, 2021 
Fiscal year 2030: 
(A) New budget authority, $727,019,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $727,019,000,000. 
(19) Allowances (920): 
Fiscal year 2021: 
(A) New budget authority, ¥$25,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $0. 
Fiscal year 2022: 
(A) New budget authority, ¥$33,933,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$27,630,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2023: 
(A) New budget authority, ¥$34,686,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$31,376,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2024: 
(A) New budget authority, ¥$35,495,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$33,380,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2025: 
(A) New budget authority, ¥$36,367,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$34,806,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2026: 
(A) New budget authority, ¥$37,240,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$35,938,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2027: 
(A) New budget authority, ¥$38,152,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$36,942,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2028: 
(A) New budget authority, ¥$38,991,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$37,890,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2029: 
(A) New budget authority, ¥$39,927,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$38,847,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2030: 
(A) New budget authority, ¥$40,906,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$39,817,000,000. 
(20) Undistributed Offsetting Receipts (950): 
Fiscal year 2021: 
(A) 
New 
budget 
authority, 
¥$101,066,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$101,303,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2022: 
(A) 
New 
budget 
authority, 
¥$109,306,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$109,433,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2023: 
(A) 
New 
budget 
authority, 
¥$108,548,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$108,423,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2024: 
(A) 
New 
budget 
authority, 
¥$102,509,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$102,374,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2025: 
(A) 
New 
budget 
authority, 
¥$105,714,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$112,421,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2026: 
(A) 
New 
budget 
authority, 
¥$108,507,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$107,659,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2027: 
(A) 
New 
budget 
authority, 
¥$111,817,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$110,312,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2028: 
(A) 
New 
budget 
authority, 
¥$114,832,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$113,327,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2029: 
(A) 
New 
budget 
authority, 
¥$118,974,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$117,619,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2030: 
(A) 
New 
budget 
authority, 
¥$123,259,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$121,979,000,000. 
Subtitle B—Levels and Amounts in the 
Senate 
SEC. 1201. SOCIAL SECURITY IN THE SENATE. 
(a) SOCIAL SECURITY REVENUES.—For pur-
poses of Senate enforcement under sections 
302 and 311 of the Congressional Budget Act 
of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 633 and 642), the amounts of 
revenues of the Federal Old-Age and Sur-
vivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal 
Disability Insurance Trust Fund are as fol-
lows: 
Fiscal year 2021: $898,089,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2022: $930,023,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2023: $996,745,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2024: $1,040,533,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2025: $1,085,441,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2026: $1,133,139,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2027: $1,182,469,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2028: $1,231,717,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2029: $1,279,075,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2030: $1,326,172,000,000. 
(b) SOCIAL SECURITY OUTLAYS.—For pur-
poses of Senate enforcement under sections 
302 and 311 of the Congressional Budget Act 
of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 633 and 642), the amounts of 
outlays of the Federal Old-Age and Survivors 
Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Dis-
ability Insurance Trust Fund are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2021: $1,101,575,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2022: $1,158,817,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2023: $1,222,448,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2024: $1,292,270,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2025: $1,365,124,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2026: $1,434,051,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2027: $1,506,794,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2028: $1,586,096,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2029: $1,666,850,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2030: $1,750,666,000,000. 
(c) SOCIAL SECURITY ADMINISTRATIVE EX-
PENSES.—In the Senate, the amounts of new 
budget authority and budget outlays of the 
Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance 
Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insur-
ance Trust Fund for administrative expenses 
are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2021: 
(A) New budget authority, $5,650,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $5,665,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2022: 
(A) New budget authority, $6,345,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $6,318,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2023: 
(A) New budget authority, $6,502,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $6,462,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2024: 
(A) New budget authority, $6,672,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $6,629,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2025: 
(A) New budget authority, $6,856,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $6,808,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2026: 
(A) New budget authority, $7,048,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $6,998,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2027: 
(A) New budget authority, $7,247,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $7,195,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2028: 
(A) New budget authority, $7,458,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $7,403,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2029: 
(A) New budget authority, $7,678,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $7,621,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2030: 
(A) New budget authority, $7,908,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $7,847,000,000. 
SEC. 1202. POSTAL SERVICE DISCRETIONARY AD-
MINISTRATIVE EXPENSES IN THE 
SENATE. 
In the Senate, the amounts of new budget 
authority and budget outlays of the Postal 
Service for discretionary administrative ex-
penses are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2021: 
(A) New budget authority, $267,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $268,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2022: 
(A) New budget authority, $282,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $282,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2023: 
(A) New budget authority, $289,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $289,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2024: 
(A) New budget authority, $298,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $298,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2025: 
(A) New budget authority, $308,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $308,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2026: 
(A) New budget authority, $317,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $317,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2027: 
(A) New budget authority, $328,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $328,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2028: 
(A) New budget authority, $338,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $338,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2029: 
(A) New budget authority, $350,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $349,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2030: 
(A) New budget authority, $362,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $361,000,000. 
TITLE II—RECONCILIATION 
SEC. 2001. RECONCILIATION IN THE HOUSE OF 
REPRESENTATIVES. 
(a) COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE.—The Com-
mittee on Agriculture of the House of Rep-
resentatives shall submit changes in laws 
within its jurisdiction to increase the deficit 
by not more than $16,112,000,000 for the pe-
riod of fiscal years 2021 through 2030. 
(b) COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION AND LABOR.— 
The Committee on Education and Labor of 
the House of Representatives shall submit 
changes in laws within its jurisdiction to in-
crease 
the 
deficit 
by 
not 
more 
than 
$357,926,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 
2021 through 2030. 
(c) COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE.— 
The Committee on Energy and Commerce of 
the House of Representatives shall submit 
changes in laws within its jurisdiction to in-
crease 
the 
deficit 
by 
not 
more 
than 
$188,498,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 
2021 through 2030. 
(d) COMMITTEE
ON FINANCIAL SERVICES.— 
The Committee on Financial Services of the 
House 
of 
Representatives 
shall 
submit 
changes in laws within its jurisdiction to in-
crease 
the 
deficit 
by 
not 
more 
than 
$75,000,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 
2021 through 2030. 
(e) COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS.—The 
Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House 
of Representatives shall submit changes in 
laws within its jurisdiction to increase the 
deficit by not more than $10,000,000,000 for 
the period of fiscal years 2021 through 2030. 
(f) COMMITTEE
ON NATURAL RESOURCES.— 
The Committee on Natural Resources of the 
House 
of 
Representatives 
shall 
submit 
changes in laws within its jurisdiction to in-
crease 
the 
deficit 
by 
not 
more 
than 
$1,005,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 
2021 through 2030. 
(g) COMMITTEE
ON
OVERSIGHT
AND
RE-
FORM.—The Committee on Oversight and Re-
form of the House of Representatives shall 
submit changes in laws within its jurisdic-
tion to increase the deficit by not more than 
$350,690,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 
2021 through 2030. 
(h) COMMITTEE
ON
SCIENCE, SPACE, AND 
TECHNOLOGY.—The Committee on Science, 
Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-
resentatives shall submit changes in laws 
within its jurisdiction to increase the deficit 
by not more than $750,000,000 for the period 
of fiscal years 2021 through 2030. 
(i) COMMITTEE
ON SMALL BUSINESS.—The 
Committee on Small Business of the House 
of Representatives shall submit changes in 
laws within its jurisdiction to increase the 
deficit by not more than $50,000,000,000 for 
the period of fiscal years 2021 through 2030. 
(j) COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND IN-
FRASTRUCTURE.—The Committee on Trans-
portation and Infrastructure of the House of 
Representatives shall submit changes in laws 
within its jurisdiction to increase the deficit 
by not more than $95,620,000,000 for the pe-
riod of fiscal years 2021 through 2030. 
(k) COMMITTEE
ON VETERANS’ AFFAIRS.— 
The Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the 
House 
of 
Representatives 
shall 
submit 
changes in laws within its jurisdiction to in-
crease 
the 
deficit 
by 
not 
more 
than 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00061
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.052
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 60-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H452 
February 5, 2021 
$17,000,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 
2021 through 2030. 
(l) COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS.—The 
Committee on Ways and Means of the House 
of Representatives shall submit changes in 
laws within its jurisdiction to increase the 
deficit by not more than $940,718,000,000 for 
the period of fiscal years 2021 through 2030. 
(m) SUBMISSIONS.—In the House of Rep-
resentatives, not later than February 16, 
2021, the committees named in the sub-
sections of this section shall submit their 
recommendations to the Committee on the 
Budget of the House of Representatives to 
carry out this section. 
SEC. 2002. RECONCILIATION IN THE SENATE. 
(a) COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE, NUTRITION, 
AND
FORESTRY.—The Committee on Agri-
culture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Sen-
ate shall report changes in laws within its 
jurisdiction that increase the deficit by not 
more than $22,717,000,000 for the period of fis-
cal years 2021 through 2030. 
(b) COMMITTEE ON BANKING, HOUSING, AND 
URBAN AFFAIRS.—The Committee on Bank-
ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Sen-
ate shall report changes in laws within its 
jurisdiction that increase the deficit by not 
more than $89,250,000,000 for the period of fis-
cal years 2021 through 2030. 
(c) COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE, SCIENCE, AND 
TRANSPORTATION.—The Committee on Com-
merce, Science, and Transportation of the 
Senate shall report changes in laws within 
its jurisdiction that increase the deficit by 
not more than $35,903,000,000 for the period of 
fiscal years 2021 through 2030. 
(d) COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC 
WORKS.—The Committee on Environment 
and Public Works of the Senate shall report 
changes in laws within its jurisdiction that 
increase the deficit by not more than 
$3,206,500,000 for the period of fiscal years 
2021 through 2030. 
(e) COMMITTEE
ON
FINANCE.—The Com-
mittee on Finance of the Senate shall report 
changes in laws within its jurisdiction that 
increase the deficit by not more than 
$1,296,487,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 
2021 through 2030. 
(f) COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS.—The 
Committee on Foreign Relations of the Sen-
ate shall report changes in laws within its 
jurisdiction that increase the deficit by not 
more than $10,000,000,000 for the period of fis-
cal years 2021 through 2030. 
(g) COMMITTEE
ON
HEALTH, EDUCATION, 
LABOR, AND PENSIONS.—The Committee on 
Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of 
the Senate shall report changes in laws with-
in its jurisdiction that increase the deficit 
by not more than $304,956,000,000 for the pe-
riod of fiscal years 2021 through 2030. 
(h) COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND 
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS.—The Committee on 
Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs of the Senate shall report changes in 
laws within its jurisdiction that increase the 
deficit by not more than $50,687,000,000 for 
the period of fiscal years 2021 through 2030. 
(i) COMMITTEE
ON
INDIAN
AFFAIRS.—The 
Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate 
shall report changes in laws within its juris-
diction that increase the deficit by not more 
than $8,604,000,000 for the period of fiscal 
years 2021 through 2030. 
(j) COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS AND EN-
TREPRENEURSHIP.—The Committee on Small 
Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate 
shall report changes in laws within its juris-
diction that increase the deficit by not more 
than $50,000,000,000 for the period of fiscal 
years 2021 through 2030. 
(k) COMMITTEE
ON VETERANS’ AFFAIRS.— 
The Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the 
Senate shall report changes in laws within 
its jurisdiction that increase the deficit by 
not more than $17,000,000,000 for the period of 
fiscal years 2021 through 2030. 
(l) SUBMISSIONS.—In the Senate, not later 
than February 16, 2021, the Committees 
named in the subsections of this section 
shall submit their recommendations to the 
Committee on the Budget of the Senate. 
Upon receiving all such recommendations, 
the Committee on the Budget of the Senate 
shall report to the Senate a reconciliation 
bill carrying out all such recommendations 
without any substantive revision. 
TITLE III—RESERVE FUNDS 
SEC. 3001. RESERVE FUND FOR RECONCILIATION 
LEGISLATION. 
(a) HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—In the House of the Rep-
resentatives, the chair of the Committee on 
the Budget may revise the allocations of a 
committee or committees, aggregates, and 
other appropriate levels in this resolution 
for any bill or joint resolution considered 
pursuant to section 2001 containing the rec-
ommendations of one or more committees, 
or for one or more amendments to, a con-
ference report on, or an amendment between 
the Houses in relation to such a bill or joint 
resolution, by the amounts necessary to ac-
commodate the budgetary effects of the leg-
islation, if the budgetary effects of the legis-
lation comply with the reconciliation in-
structions under this concurrent resolution. 
(2) DETERMINATION
OF
COMPLIANCE.—For 
purposes of this section, compliance with the 
reconciliation instructions under this con-
current resolution shall be determined by 
the chair of the Committee on the Budget of 
the House of Representatives. 
(3) EXCEPTION FOR LEGISLATION.—The point 
of order set forth in clause 10 of rule XXI of 
the House of Representatives shall not apply 
to reconciliation legislation reported by the 
Committee on the Budget pursuant to sub-
missions under section 2001. 
(b) SENATE.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—In the Senate, the Chair-
man of the Committee on the Budget of the 
Senate may revise the allocations of a com-
mittee or committees, aggregates, and other 
appropriate levels in this resolution, and 
make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledg-
er, for any bill or joint resolution considered 
pursuant to section 2002 containing the rec-
ommendations of one or more committees, 
or for one or more amendments to, a con-
ference report on, or an amendment between 
the Houses in relation to such a bill or joint 
resolution, by the amounts necessary to ac-
commodate the budgetary effects of the leg-
islation, if the budgetary effects of the legis-
lation comply with the reconciliation in-
structions under this concurrent resolution. 
(2) DETERMINATION
OF
COMPLIANCE.—For 
purposes of this section, compliance with the 
reconciliation instructions under this con-
current resolution shall be determined by 
the Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-
et of the Senate. 
(3) EXCEPTIONS FOR LEGISLATION.— 
(A) SHORT-TERM.—Section 404 of S. Con. 
Res. 13 (111th Congress), the concurrent reso-
lution on the budget for fiscal year 2010, as 
amended by section 3201(b)(2) of S. Con. Res. 
11 (114th Congress), the concurrent resolu-
tion on the budget for fiscal year 2016, shall 
not apply to legislation for which the Chair-
man of the Committee on the Budget of the 
Senate has exercised the authority under 
paragraph (1). 
(B) LONG-TERM.—Section 3101 of S. Con. 
Res. 11 (114th Congress), the concurrent reso-
lution on the budget for fiscal year 2016, 
shall not apply to legislation for which the 
Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of 
the Senate has exercised the authority under 
paragraph (1). 
SEC. 3002. RESERVE FUND FOR DEFICIT-NEU-
TRAL LEGISLATION. 
The chair of the Committee on the Budget 
of the House of Representatives may revise 
the allocations of a committee or commit-
tees, aggregates, and other appropriate lev-
els in this resolution for one or more bills, 
joint resolutions, amendments, or conference 
reports by the amounts provided in such leg-
islation, 
provided 
that 
such 
legislation 
would not increase the deficit for either of 
the following time periods: fiscal year 2021 to 
fiscal year 2025 or fiscal year 2021 to fiscal 
year 2030. 
SEC. 3003. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO ESTABLISHING A FUND 
TO 
PROVIDE 
GRANTS 
TO 
FOOD 
SERVICE AND DRINKING ESTABLISH-
MENTS AFFECTED BY THE COVID–19 
PANDEMIC. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-
tions of a committee or committees, aggre-
gates, and other appropriate levels in this 
resolution, and make adjustments to the 
pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, 
joint resolutions, amendments, amendments 
between the Houses, motions, or conference 
reports relating to establishing a fund to 
provide grants to food service and drinking 
establishments affected by the COVID–19 
pandemic by the amounts provided in such 
legislation for those purposes, provided that 
such legislation would not increase the def-
icit over either the period of the total of fis-
cal years 2021 through 2025 or the period of 
the total of fiscal years 2021 through 2030. 
SEC. 3004. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO PREVENTING TAX IN-
CREASES ON SMALL BUSINESSES 
DURING A PANDEMIC. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-
tions of a committee or committees, aggre-
gates, and other appropriate levels in this 
resolution, and make adjustments to the 
pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, 
joint resolutions, amendments, amendments 
between the Houses, motions, or conference 
reports relating to changes in Federal tax 
laws, which may include preventing tax in-
creases on small businesses during any pe-
riod in which a national emergency has been 
declared with respect to a pandemic, by the 
amounts provided in such legislation for 
those purposes, provided that such legisla-
tion would not increase the deficit over ei-
ther the period of the total of fiscal years 
2021 through 2025 or the period of the total of 
fiscal years 2021 through 2030. 
SEC. 3005. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING 
TO 
THE 
AUTHORITY 
OF 
STATES AND OTHER TAXING JURIS-
DICTIONS TO TAX CERTAIN INCOME 
OF EMPLOYEES WORKING IN OTHER 
STATES OR TAXING JURISDICTIONS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-
tions of a committee or committees, aggre-
gates, and other appropriate levels in this 
resolution, and make adjustments to the 
pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, 
joint resolutions, amendments, amendments 
between the Houses, motions, or conference 
reports relating to the authority of States or 
other taxing jurisdictions to tax certain in-
come of employees for employment duties 
performed in other States or taxing jurisdic-
tions by the amounts provided in such legis-
lation for those purposes, provided that such 
legislation would not increase the deficit 
over either the period of the total of fiscal 
years 2021 through 2025 or the period of the 
total of fiscal years 2021 through 2030. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00062
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.052
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 61-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H453 
February 5, 2021 
SEC. 3006. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO TARGETING ECONOMIC 
IMPACT PAYMENTS TO AMERICANS 
WHO ARE SUFFERING FROM THE EF-
FECTS OF COVID–19. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-
tions of a committee or committees, aggre-
gates, and other appropriate levels in this 
resolution, and make adjustments to the 
pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, 
joint resolutions, amendments, amendments 
between the Houses, motions, or conference 
reports relating to targeting economic im-
pact payments to Americans who are suf-
fering from the effects of COVID–19, includ-
ing provisions to ensure upper-income tax-
payers are not eligible, by the amounts pro-
vided in such legislation for those purposes, 
provided that such legislation would not in-
crease the deficit over either the period of 
the total of fiscal years 2021 through 2025 or 
the period of the total of fiscal years 2021 
through 2030. 
SEC. 3007. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO COVID–19 VACCINE AD-
MINISTRATION 
AND 
A 
PUBLIC 
AWARENESS CAMPAIGN. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-
tions of a committee or committees, aggre-
gates, and other appropriate levels in this 
resolution, and make adjustments to the 
pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, 
joint resolutions, amendments, amendments 
between the Houses, motions, or conference 
reports relating to strengthening and im-
proving the process of distributing COVID–19 
vaccines to States, which may include sup-
porting States in implementing a trans-
parent and consistent vaccine administra-
tion program and bolstering States’ public 
awareness campaigns to increase awareness 
and knowledge of the safety and effective-
ness of COVID–19 vaccines (particularly 
among vulnerable communities, including 
ethnic 
minority 
populations), 
by 
the 
amounts provided in such legislation for 
those purposes, provided that such legisla-
tion would not increase the deficit over ei-
ther the period of the total of fiscal years 
2021 through 2025 or the period of the total of 
fiscal years 2021 through 2030. 
SEC. 3008. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO SUPPORTING ELEMEN-
TARY AND SECONDARY SCHOOLS IN 
STATES WITH LOST REVENUE DUE 
TO THE FEDERAL MORATORIUM ON 
OIL AND NATURAL GAS LEASING ON 
PUBLIC 
LANDS 
AND 
OFFSHORE 
WATERS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-
tions of a committee or committees, aggre-
gates, and other appropriate levels in this 
resolution, and make adjustments to the 
pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, 
joint resolutions, amendments, amendments 
between the Houses, motions, or conference 
reports relating to supporting elementary 
and secondary schools in States with lost 
revenue due to the Federal moratorium on 
oil and natural gas leasing on public lands 
and offshore waters by the amounts provided 
in such legislation for those purposes, pro-
vided that such legislation would not in-
crease the deficit over either the period of 
the total of fiscal years 2021 through 2025 or 
the period of the total of fiscal years 2021 
through 2030. 
SEC. 3009. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO STRENGTHENING THE 
PROVIDER RELIEF FUND. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-
tions of a committee or committees, aggre-
gates, and other appropriate levels in this 
resolution, and make adjustments to the 
pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, 
joint resolutions, amendments, amendments 
between the Houses, motions, or conference 
reports relating to strengthening the Pro-
vider Relief Fund, which may include addi-
tional support for rural hospitals in order to 
preserve jobs and access to specialty serv-
ices, by the amounts provided in such legis-
lation for those purposes, provided that such 
legislation would not increase the deficit 
over either the period of the total of fiscal 
years 2021 through 2025 or the period of the 
total of fiscal years 2021 through 2030. 
SEC. 3010. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO IMPROVING SERVICES 
AND INTERVENTIONS RELATING TO 
SEXUAL 
ASSAULT, 
FAMILY 
VIO-
LENCE, DOMESTIC VIOLENCE, DAT-
ING VIOLENCE, AND CHILD ABUSE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-
tions of a committee or committees, aggre-
gates, and other appropriate levels in this 
resolution, and make adjustments to the 
pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, 
joint resolutions, amendments, amendments 
between the Houses, motions, or conference 
reports relating to improving services and 
interventions for victims relating to sexual 
assault, family violence, domestic violence, 
dating violence, and child abuse, which may 
include funding for programs and grants au-
thorized by the Violence Against Women Act 
and the Victims of Child Abuse Act, by the 
amounts provided in such legislation for 
those purposes, provided that such legisla-
tion would not increase the deficit over ei-
ther the period of the total of fiscal years 
2021 through 2025 or the period of the total of 
fiscal years 2021 through 2030. 
SEC. 3011. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING 
TO 
SUPPORTING 
HOSPI-
TALITY, 
CONVENTIONS, 
TRADE 
SHOWS, ENTERTAINMENT, TOURISM, 
AND TRAVEL AND THEIR WORKERS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-
tions of a committee or committees, aggre-
gates, and other appropriate levels in this 
resolution, and make adjustments to the 
pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, 
joint resolutions, amendments, amendments 
between the Houses, motions, or conference 
reports relating to supporting struggling 
Americans in relation to their employment 
in hospitality, including those in the conven-
tion, trade show, entertainment, tourism, 
and travel industries, which may include leg-
islation that provides relief and recovery in-
centives, by the amounts provided in such 
legislation for those purposes, provided that 
such legislation would not increase the def-
icit over either the period of the total of fis-
cal years 2021 through 2025 or the period of 
the total of fiscal years 2021 through 2030. 
SEC. 3012. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING 
TO 
MAINTAINING 
THE 
UNITED STATES EMBASSY IN JERU-
SALEM, ISRAEL. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-
tions of a committee or committees, aggre-
gates, and other appropriate levels in this 
resolution, and make adjustments to the 
pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, 
joint resolutions, amendments, amendments 
between the Houses, motions, or conference 
reports relating to the United States Em-
bassy in Jerusalem, Israel, maintaining its 
current location in Jerusalem and level of 
operations, which may include current fund-
ing levels and security, by the amounts pro-
vided in such legislation for those purposes, 
provided that such legislation would not in-
crease the deficit over either the period of 
the total of fiscal years 2021 through 2025 or 
the period of the total of fiscal years 2021 
through 2030. 
SEC. 3013. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO INCREASING THE FED-
ERAL MINIMUM WAGE DURING A 
GLOBAL PANDEMIC. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-
tions of a committee or committees, aggre-
gates, and other appropriate levels in this 
resolution, and make adjustments to the 
pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, 
joint resolutions, amendments, amendments 
between the Houses, motions, or conference 
reports relating to increasing the Federal 
minimum wage during a global pandemic, 
which may include prohibiting the rate from 
more than doubling to $15 per hour, by the 
amounts provided in such legislation for 
those purposes, provided that such legisla-
tion would not increase the deficit over ei-
ther the period of the total of fiscal years 
2021 through 2025 or the period of the total of 
fiscal years 2021 through 2030. 
SEC. 3014. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO FUNDING THE POLICE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-
tions of a committee or committees, aggre-
gates, and other appropriate levels in this 
resolution, and make adjustments to the 
pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, 
joint resolutions, amendments, amendments 
between the Houses, motions, or conference 
reports relating to funding the Nation’s po-
lice through programs that are in within the 
jurisdiction of any committee of the Senate 
instructed under section 2002, which may in-
clude funding for law enforcement officer 
safety programs and fusion centers to pro-
tect the United States from domestic and 
international terrorists administered by the 
Department of Homeland Security, mental 
and behavioral health intervention programs 
administered by the Department of Health 
and Human Services, programs administered 
by the Department of Veterans Affairs to in-
crease the hiring of military veterans as law 
enforcement officers, gang and youth vio-
lence education programs administered by 
the Department of Health and Human Serv-
ices, and the Department of Education, by 
the amounts provided in such legislation for 
those purposes, provided that such legisla-
tion would not increase the deficit over ei-
ther the period of the total of fiscal years 
2021 through 2025 or the period of the total of 
fiscal years 2021 through 2030. 
SEC. 3015. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO PROVIDING INFORMA-
TION ONLINE REGARDING THE EX-
PENDITURE OF COVID–19 RELIEF 
FUNDS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-
tions of a committee or committees, aggre-
gates, and other appropriate levels in this 
resolution, and make adjustments to the 
pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, 
joint resolutions, amendments, amendments 
between the Houses, motions, or conference 
reports relating to increasing Government 
spending transparency, which may include 
requiring the President to make available 
online information regarding the amount of 
funds made available for relief from the 
COVID–19 pandemic that have been ex-
pended, by the amounts provided in such leg-
islation for those purposes, provided that 
such legislation would not increase the def-
icit over either the period of the total of fis-
cal years 2021 through 2025 or the period of 
the total of fiscal years 2021 through 2030. 
SEC. 3016. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO IMPROVING THE SOL-
VENCY OF FEDERAL TRUST FUNDS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-
tions of a committee or committees, aggre-
gates, and other appropriate levels in this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00063
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.052
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 62-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H454 
February 5, 2021 
resolution, and make adjustments to the 
pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, 
joint resolutions, amendments, amendments 
between the Houses, motions, or conference 
reports relating to improving the solvency of 
major Federal trust funds, which may in-
clude developing recommendations and legis-
lation to rescue programs that support sur-
face transportation, health care services, and 
financial protection and security for individ-
uals, by the amounts provided in such legis-
lation for those purposes, provided that such 
legislation would not increase the deficit 
over either the period of the total of fiscal 
years 2021 through 2025 or the period of the 
total of fiscal years 2021 through 2030. 
SEC. 3017. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING 
TO 
FEDERAL 
ENVIRON-
MENTAL AND WATER POLICIES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-
tions of a committee or committees, aggre-
gates, and other appropriate levels in this 
resolution, and make adjustments to the 
pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, 
joint resolutions, amendments, amendments 
between the Houses, motions, or conference 
reports relating to Federal environmental 
and water policies, which may include ensur-
ing the effective and efficient implementa-
tion of the Federal Water Pollution Control 
Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.), preserving con-
sistency and certainty in defining water fea-
tures within, and exclusions from, Federal 
jurisdiction under that Act, or limiting or 
prohibiting efforts to withdraw, revoke, or 
amend the final rule of the Corps of Engi-
neers and the Environmental Protection 
Agency entitled ‘‘The Navigable Waters Pro-
tection Rule: Definition of ‘Waters of the 
United States’ ’’ (85 Fed. Reg. 22250 (April 21, 
2020)), by the amounts provided in such legis-
lation for those purposes, provided that such 
legislation would not increase the deficit 
over either the period of the total of fiscal 
years 2021 through 2025 or the period of the 
total of fiscal years 2021 through 2030. 
SEC. 3018. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO FEDERAL RELIEF FUNDS 
FOR 
STATE 
OR 
LOCAL 
GOVERN-
MENTS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-
tions of a committee or committees, aggre-
gates, and other appropriate levels in this 
resolution, and make adjustments to the 
pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, 
joint resolutions, amendments, amendments 
between the Houses, motions, or conference 
reports, relating to adjustments to Federal 
relief funds for State or local governments 
within the jurisdiction of the instructed 
committees, which may include limitations 
on new or existing Federal COVID–19 relief 
payments to a State or locality that imposes 
greater limits on the content of speech, or 
restrictions on the religious exercise or be-
lief, of houses of worship and faith-based or-
ganizations described in section 501(c)(3) of 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and ex-
empt from taxation under section 501(a) of 
such Code, than on secular organizations de-
scribed in that section 501(c)(3) and exempt 
under that section 501(a), by the amounts 
provided in such legislation for those pur-
poses, provided that such legislation would 
not increase the deficit over either the pe-
riod of the total of fiscal years 2021 through 
2025 or the period of the total of fiscal years 
2021 through 2030. 
SEC. 3019. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO PROHIBITING ACTIONS 
BY THE EXECUTIVE BRANCH THAT 
WOULD MAKE THE UNITED STATES 
MORE 
RELIANT 
ON 
COUNTRIES 
WITH WEAKER ENVIRONMENTAL OR 
LABOR STANDARDS FOR OIL, GAS, 
OR HARDROCK MINERAL PRODUC-
TION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-
tions of a committee or committees, aggre-
gates, and other appropriate levels in this 
resolution, and make adjustments to the 
pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, 
joint resolutions, amendments, amendments 
between the Houses, motions, or conference 
reports relating to prohibiting actions by the 
executive branch that would cause the 
United States to import larger quantities of 
oil, gas, or hardrock minerals from countries 
that have weaker environmental or labor 
standards by the amounts provided in such 
legislation for those purposes, provided that 
such legislation would not increase the def-
icit over either the period of the total of fis-
cal years 2021 through 2025 or the period of 
the total of fiscal years 2021 through 2030. 
SEC. 3020. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING 
TO 
EXPANDING 
HEALTH 
SAVINGS ACCOUNTS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-
tions of a committee or committees, aggre-
gates, and other appropriate levels in this 
resolution, and make adjustments to the 
pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, 
joint resolutions, amendments, amendments 
between the Houses, motions, or conference 
reports relating to expanding health savings 
accounts by the amounts provided in such 
legislation for those purposes, provided that 
such legislation would not increase the def-
icit over either the period of the total of fis-
cal years 2021 through 2025 or the period of 
the total of fiscal years 2021 through 2030. 
TITLE IV—OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. 4001. ENFORCEMENT FILING. 
(a) IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.—In 
the House of Representatives, if a concurrent 
resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2021 
is adopted without the appointment of a 
committee of conference on the disagreeing 
votes of the two Houses with respect to this 
concurrent resolution on the budget, for the 
purpose of enforcing the Congressional Budg-
et Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 621 et seq.) and appli-
cable rules and requirements set forth in the 
concurrent resolution on the budget, the al-
locations provided for in this subsection 
shall apply in the House of Representatives 
in the same manner as if such allocations 
were in a joint explanatory statement ac-
companying a conference report on the budg-
et for fiscal year 2021. The chair of the Com-
mittee on the Budget of the House of Rep-
resentatives shall submit a statement for 
publication in the Congressional Record con-
taining— 
(1) for the Committee on Appropriations, 
committee allocations for fiscal year 2021 
consistent with title I for the purpose of en-
forcing section 302 of the Congressional 
Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 633); and 
(2) for all committees other than the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, committee alloca-
tions consistent with title I for fiscal year 
2021 and for the period of fiscal years 2021 
through 2030 for the purpose of enforcing 302 
of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 
U.S.C. 633). 
(b) IN THE SENATE.—If this concurrent reso-
lution on the budget is agreed to by the Sen-
ate and House of Representatives without 
the appointment of a committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two 
Houses, the Chairman of the Committee on 
the Budget of the Senate may submit a 
statement for publication in the Congres-
sional Record containing— 
(1) for the Committee on Appropriations, 
committee allocations for fiscal year 2021 
consistent with the levels in title I for the 
purpose of enforcing section 302 of the Con-
gressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 633); 
and 
(2) for all committees other than the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, committee alloca-
tions for fiscal years 2021, 2021 through 2025, 
and 2021 through 2030 consistent with the lev-
els in title I for the purpose of enforcing sec-
tion 302 of the Congressional Budget Act of 
1974 (2 U.S.C. 633). 
SEC. 4002. BUDGETARY TREATMENT OF ADMINIS-
TRATIVE EXPENSES. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Notwithstanding section 
302(a)(1) of the Congressional Budget Act of 
1974 (2 U.S.C. 633(a)(1)), section 13301 of the 
Budget Enforcement Act of 1990 (2 U.S.C. 632 
note), and section 2009a of title 39, United 
States Code, the report or the joint explana-
tory statement, as applicable, accompanying 
this concurrent resolution on the budget 
shall include in an allocation under section 
302(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 
(2 U.S.C. 633(a)) to the Committee on Appro-
priations of the applicable House of Congress 
amounts for the discretionary administra-
tive expenses of the Social Security Admin-
istration and the United States Postal Serv-
ice. 
(b) SPECIAL RULE.—In the House of Rep-
resentatives and the Senate, for purposes of 
enforcing section 302(f) of the Congressional 
Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 633(f)), estimates 
of the level of total new budget authority 
and total outlays provided by a measure 
shall include any discretionary amounts de-
scribed in subsection (a). 
SEC. 
4003. 
APPLICATION 
AND 
EFFECT 
OF 
CHANGES IN ALLOCATIONS, AGGRE-
GATES, 
AND 
OTHER 
BUDGETARY 
LEVELS. 
(a) APPLICATION.—Any adjustments of allo-
cations, aggregates, and other budgetary lev-
els made pursuant to this concurrent resolu-
tion shall— 
(1) apply while that measure is under con-
sideration; 
(2) take effect upon the enactment of that 
measure; and 
(3) be published in the Congressional 
Record as soon as practicable. 
(b) EFFECT OF CHANGED ALLOCATIONS, AG-
GREGATES, AND OTHER BUDGETARY LEVELS.— 
Revised allocations, aggregates, and other 
budgetary levels resulting from these adjust-
ments shall be considered for the purposes of 
the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 
U.S.C. 621 et seq.) as the allocations, aggre-
gates, and other budgetary levels contained 
in this concurrent resolution. 
(c) BUDGET COMMITTEE DETERMINATIONS.— 
For purposes of this concurrent resolution, 
the levels of new budget authority, outlays, 
direct spending, new entitlement authority, 
revenues, deficits, and surpluses for a fiscal 
year or period of fiscal years shall be deter-
mined on the basis of estimates made by the 
chair of the Committee on the Budget of the 
applicable House of Congress. 
SEC. 4004. ADJUSTMENTS TO REFLECT CHANGES 
IN CONCEPTS AND DEFINITIONS. 
(a) HOUSE
OF
REPRESENTATIVES.—In the 
House of Representatives, the chair of the 
Committee on the Budget may adjust the ap-
propriate aggregates, allocations, and other 
budgetary levels in this concurrent resolu-
tion for any change in budgetary concepts 
and 
definitions 
consistent 
with 
section 
251(b)(1) of the Balanced Budget and Emer-
gency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 
901(b)(1)). 
(b) SENATE.—Upon the enactment of a bill 
or joint resolution providing for a change in 
concepts or definitions, the Chairman of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00064
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.052
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 63-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H455 
February 5, 2021 
Committee on the Budget of the Senate may 
make adjustments to the levels and alloca-
tions in this resolution in accordance with 
section 251(b) of the Balanced Budget and 
Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 
U.S.C. 901(b)). 
SEC. 4005. ADJUSTMENT FOR CHANGES IN THE 
BASELINE. 
The chair of the Committee on the Budget 
of the House of Representatives and the 
Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of 
the Senate may adjust the allocations, ag-
gregates, and other appropriate budgetary 
levels in this concurrent resolution to reflect 
changes resulting from the Congressional 
Budget Office’s updates to its baseline for 
fiscal years 2021 through 2030. 
SEC. 4006. LIMITATION ON ADVANCE APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
Notwithstanding subsection (d) of section 
203 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2019 (Pub-
lic Law 116–37; 133 Stat. 1052), such section 
203 shall continue to have force and effect in 
the House of Representatives during fiscal 
year 2021. 
SEC. 4007. REPEAL OF SUPERMAJORITY EN-
FORCEMENT REQUIREMENT. 
Section 3203 of S. Con. Res. 11 (114th Con-
gress), the concurrent resolution on the 
budget for fiscal year 2016, is repealed. 
SEC. 4008. EXERCISE OF RULEMAKING POWERS. 
Congress adopts the provisions of this 
title— 
(1) as an exercise of the rulemaking power 
of the Senate and the House of Representa-
tives, respectively, and as such they shall be 
considered as part of the rules of each House 
or of that House to which they specifically 
apply, and such rules shall supersede other 
rules only to the extent that they are incon-
sistent with such other rules; and 
(2) with full recognition of the constitu-
tional right of either the Senate or the 
House of Representatives to change those 
rules (insofar as they relate to that House) 
at any time, in the same manner, and to the 
same extent as is the case of any other rule 
of the Senate or House of Representatives. 
f 
NATIONAL APPRENTICESHIP ACT 
OF 2021 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 1(c) of rule XIX, further 
consideration of the bill (H.R. 447) to 
amend the Act of August 16, 1937 (com-
monly referred to as the ‘‘National Ap-
prenticeship Act’’) and expand the na-
tional apprenticeship system to in-
clude apprenticeships, youth appren-
ticeships, and pre-apprenticeship reg-
istered under such Act, to promote the 
furtherance of labor standards nec-
essary to safeguard the welfare of ap-
prentices, and for other purposes, will 
now resume. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO. 1 OFFERED BY MR. 
LEVIN OF MICHIGAN 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the unfin-
ished business is the question on the 
adoption of amendments en bloc No. 1, 
printed in part B of House Report 117– 
3, on which further proceedings were 
postponed and on which the yeas and 
nays were ordered. 
The 
Clerk 
will 
redesignate 
the 
amendments en bloc. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ments en bloc. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the amendments en bloc 
offered by the gentleman from Michi-
gan (Mr. LEVIN). 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 243, nays 
178, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 28] 
YEAS—243 
Adams 
Aguilar 
Allred 
Amodei 
Auchincloss 
Axne 
Bacon 
Barraga´n 
Bass 
Beatty 
Bera 
Beyer 
Bishop (GA) 
Blumenauer 
Blunt Rochester 
Bonamici 
Bourdeaux 
Bowman 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brown 
Brownley 
Bush 
Bustos 
Butterfield 
Carbajal 
Ca´rdenas 
Carson 
Cartwright 
Case 
Casten 
Castor (FL) 
Castro (TX) 
Chu 
Cicilline 
Clark (MA) 
Clarke (NY) 
Cleaver 
Clyburn 
Cohen 
Connolly 
Cooper 
Correa 
Costa 
Courtney 
Craig 
Crist 
Crow 
Cuellar 
Davids (KS) 
Davis, Danny K. 
Davis, Rodney 
Dean 
DeFazio 
DeGette 
DeLauro 
DelBene 
Delgado 
Demings 
DeSaulnier 
Dingell 
Doggett 
Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Emmer 
Escobar 
Eshoo 
Espaillat 
Evans 
Fitzpatrick 
Fletcher 
Foster 
Frankel, Lois 
Fudge 
Gallego 
Garamendi 
Garbarino 
Garcı´a (IL) 
Garcia (TX) 
Gimenez 
Golden 
Gomez 
Gonzales, Tony 
Gonzalez, 
Vicente 
Gottheimer 
Green, Al (TX) 
Griffith 
Grijalva 
Guthrie 
Haaland 
Harder (CA) 
Hastings 
Hayes 
Higgins (NY) 
Himes 
Hollingsworth 
Horsford 
Houlahan 
Huffman 
Jackson Lee 
Jacobs (CA) 
Jayapal 
Jeffries 
Johnson (GA) 
Johnson (OH) 
Johnson (TX) 
Jones 
Joyce (OH) 
Kahele 
Kaptur 
Katko 
Keating 
Kelly (IL) 
Khanna 
Kildee 
Kilmer 
Kim (NJ) 
Kind 
Kirkpatrick 
Krishnamoorthi 
Kuster 
Lamb 
Langevin 
Larsen (WA) 
Larson (CT) 
Lawrence 
Lawson (FL) 
Lee (CA) 
Lee (NV) 
Leger Fernandez 
Levin (CA) 
Levin (MI) 
Lieu 
Lofgren 
Lowenthal 
Luria 
Lynch 
Maloney, 
Carolyn B. 
Maloney, Sean 
Manning 
Mast 
Matsui 
McBath 
McCaul 
McCollum 
McEachin 
McGovern 
McNerney 
Meeks 
Meng 
Mfume 
Moore (WI) 
Morelle 
Moulton 
Mrvan 
Murphy (FL) 
Nadler 
Napolitano 
Neal 
Neguse 
Newman 
Norcross 
O’Halleran 
Ocasio-Cortez 
Omar 
Pallone 
Panetta 
Pappas 
Pascrell 
Payne 
Perlmutter 
Peters 
Phillips 
Pingree 
Pocan 
Porter 
Pressley 
Price (NC) 
Quigley 
Raskin 
Reed 
Rice (NY) 
Ross 
Roybal-Allard 
Ruiz 
Ruppersberger 
Rush 
Ryan 
Salazar 
Sa´nchez 
Sarbanes 
Scanlon 
Schakowsky 
Schiff 
Schneider 
Schrader 
Schrier 
Scott (VA) 
Scott, David 
Sewell 
Sherman 
Sherrill 
Sires 
Slotkin 
Smith (NJ) 
Smith (WA) 
Soto 
Spanberger 
Speier 
Stanton 
Stauber 
Steil 
Stevens 
Stivers 
Strickland 
Suozzi 
Swalwell 
Takano 
Taylor 
Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) 
Titus 
Tlaib 
Tonko 
Torres (CA) 
Torres (NY) 
Trahan 
Trone 
Underwood 
Upton 
Van Drew 
Vargas 
Veasey 
Vela 
Vela´zquez 
Wagner 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters 
Watson Coleman 
Welch 
Wexton 
Wild 
Williams (GA) 
Wilson (FL) 
Yarmuth 
NAYS—178 
Aderholt 
Allen 
Arrington 
Babin 
Baird 
Balderson 
Banks 
Barr 
Bentz 
Bergman 
Bice (OK) 
Biggs 
Bilirakis 
Bishop (NC) 
Boebert 
Brooks 
Buchanan 
Buck 
Bucshon 
Budd 
Burchett 
Burgess 
Calvert 
Cammack 
Carl 
Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) 
Cawthorn 
Chabot 
Cline 
Cloud 
Clyde 
Cole 
Comer 
Crawford 
Crenshaw 
Curtis 
Davidson 
DesJarlais 
Diaz-Balart 
Donalds 
Duncan 
Dunn 
Estes 
Fallon 
Feenstra 
Ferguson 
Fischbach 
Fitzgerald 
Fleischmann 
Fortenberry 
Foxx 
Franklin, C. 
Scott 
Fulcher 
Gaetz 
Gallagher 
Garcia (CA) 
Gibbs 
Gohmert 
Gonzalez (OH) 
Good (VA) 
Gooden (TX) 
Gosar 
Granger 
Graves (LA) 
Graves (MO) 
Green (TN) 
Greene (GA) 
Grothman 
Guest 
Hagedorn 
Harris 
Harshbarger 
Hartzler 
Hern 
Herrell 
Herrera Beutler 
Hice (GA) 
Higgins (LA) 
Hill 
Hinson 
Hudson 
Huizenga 
Issa 
Jackson 
Jacobs (NY) 
Johnson (LA) 
Johnson (SD) 
Jordan 
Joyce (PA) 
Keller 
Kelly (MS) 
Kelly (PA) 
Kim (CA) 
Kinzinger 
Kustoff 
LaHood 
LaMalfa 
Lamborn 
Latta 
LaTurner 
Lesko 
Long 
Loudermilk 
Lucas 
Luetkemeyer 
Mace 
Malliotakis 
Mann 
Massie 
McCarthy 
McClain 
McClintock 
McHenry 
McKinley 
Meijer 
Meuser 
Miller (IL) 
Miller (WV) 
Miller-Meeks 
Moolenaar 
Mooney 
Moore (AL) 
Moore (UT) 
Mullin 
Murphy (NC) 
Nehls 
Newhouse 
Norman 
Nunes 
Obernolte 
Owens 
Palazzo 
Palmer 
Pence 
Perry 
Pfluger 
Reschenthaler 
Rice (SC) 
Rodgers (WA) 
Rogers (AL) 
Rogers (KY) 
Rose 
Rosendale 
Rouzer 
Roy 
Rutherford 
Scalise 
Schweikert 
Scott, Austin 
Sessions 
Simpson 
Smith (MO) 
Smith (NE) 
Smucker 
Spartz 
Steel 
Stefanik 
Steube 
Stewart 
Thompson (PA) 
Tiffany 
Timmons 
Turner 
Valadao 
Van Duyne 
Walberg 
Walorski 
Waltz 
Weber (TX) 
Wenstrup 
Westerman 
Williams (TX) 
Wilson (SC) 
Wittman 
Womack 
Young 
Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—10 
Armstrong 
Bost 
Brady 
Cheney 
Deutch 
Hoyer 
Malinowski 
Posey 
Webster (FL) 
Wright 
b 1520 
Mr. STEWART changed his vote from 
‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mr. BACON changed his vote from 
‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the en bloc amendments were 
agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
MEMBERS RECORDED PURSUANT TO HOUSE 
RESOLUTION 8, 117TH CONGRESS 
Amodei (Kelly 
(PA)) 
Axne (Stevens) 
Barraga´n (Beyer) 
Bishop (GA) 
(Butterfield) 
Blumenauer 
(Beyer) 
Bowman (Clark 
(MA)) 
Buchanan 
(Arrington) 
Ca´rdenas 
(Gomez) 
Carson 
(Butterfield) 
Castor (FL) 
(Demings) 
Cohen (Beyer) 
Cooper (Clark 
(MA)) 
DeSaulnier 
(Matsui) 
Doggett (Beyer) 
Donalds 
(Cammack) 
Fallon (Nehls) 
Frankel, Lois 
(Clark (MA)) 
Gallego (Gomez) 
Garcı´a (IL) 
(Pressley) 
Gonzalez, 
Vicente 
(Gomez) 
Gosar (Wagner) 
Hastings 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Higgins (NY) 
(Kildee) 
Jayapal (Clark 
(MA)) 
Kahele (Case) 
Kind (Beyer) 
Kirkpatrick 
(Stanton) 
Krishnamoorthi 
(Brown) 
Langevin 
(Courtney) 
Larson (CT) 
(Courtney) 
Lawrence 
(Kildee) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:29 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00065
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.052
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 64-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H456 
February 5, 2021 
Lawson (FL) 
(Evans) 
Lieu (Beyer) 
Lofgren (Jeffries) 
Long (Wagner) 
Lowenthal 
(Beyer) 
Lynch (Clark 
(MA)) 
Maloney, 
Carolyn B. 
(Jeffries) 
McCaul (Wagner) 
McEachin 
(Wexton) 
McHenry (Banks) 
Meng (Clark 
(MA)) 
Moulton (Beyer) 
Napolitano 
(Correa) 
Panetta (Kildee) 
Payne 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Porter (Wexton) 
Price (NC) 
(Butterfield) 
Roybal-Allard 
(Correa) 
Ruiz (Aguilar) 
Rush 
(Underwood) 
Speier (Scanlon) 
Titus (Connolly) 
Trahan 
(McGovern) 
Vela (Gomez) 
Waltz 
(Cammack) 
Watson Coleman 
(Pallone) 
Wilson (FL) 
(Adams) 
AMENDMENT NO. 10 OFFERED BY MR. HILL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. KIL-
DEE). Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, 
the unfinished business is the question 
on the adoption of amendment No. 10, 
printed in part B of House Report 117– 
3, on which further proceedings were 
postponed and on which the yeas and 
nays were ordered. 
The 
Clerk 
will 
redesignate 
the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the amendment offered 
by the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. 
HILL). 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 186, nays 
236, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 29] 
YEAS—186 
Aderholt 
Allen 
Amodei 
Arrington 
Babin 
Baird 
Balderson 
Banks 
Barr 
Bentz 
Bergman 
Bice (OK) 
Biggs 
Bilirakis 
Bishop (NC) 
Boebert 
Brooks 
Buchanan 
Buck 
Bucshon 
Budd 
Burchett 
Burgess 
Calvert 
Cammack 
Carl 
Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) 
Cawthorn 
Chabot 
Cheney 
Cline 
Cloud 
Clyde 
Cole 
Comer 
Crawford 
Crenshaw 
Curtis 
Davidson 
Diaz-Balart 
Donalds 
Duncan 
Dunn 
Estes 
Fallon 
Feenstra 
Ferguson 
Fischbach 
Fitzgerald 
Fleischmann 
Fortenberry 
Foxx 
Franklin, C. 
Scott 
Fulcher 
Gaetz 
Gallagher 
Garcia (CA) 
Gibbs 
Gimenez 
Gohmert 
Gonzales, Tony 
Gonzalez (OH) 
Good (VA) 
Gooden (TX) 
Gosar 
Granger 
Graves (LA) 
Graves (MO) 
Green (TN) 
Greene (GA) 
Griffith 
Grothman 
Guest 
Guthrie 
Hagedorn 
Harris 
Harshbarger 
Hartzler 
Hern 
Herrell 
Herrera Beutler 
Hice (GA) 
Hill 
Hinson 
Hollingsworth 
Hudson 
Huizenga 
Issa 
Jackson 
Jacobs (NY) 
Johnson (LA) 
Johnson (SD) 
Jordan 
Joyce (OH) 
Joyce (PA) 
Keller 
Kelly (MS) 
Kelly (PA) 
Kim (CA) 
Kinzinger 
Kustoff 
LaHood 
LaMalfa 
Lamborn 
Latta 
LaTurner 
Lesko 
Long 
Loudermilk 
Lucas 
Mace 
Mann 
Massie 
Mast 
McCarthy 
McCaul 
McClain 
McClintock 
McHenry 
Meijer 
Meuser 
Miller (IL) 
Miller-Meeks 
Moolenaar 
Mooney 
Moore (AL) 
Moore (UT) 
Mullin 
Murphy (NC) 
Nehls 
Newhouse 
Norman 
Nunes 
Obernolte 
Owens 
Palazzo 
Palmer 
Pence 
Perry 
Pfluger 
Reed 
Rice (SC) 
Rodgers (WA) 
Rogers (AL) 
Rogers (KY) 
Rose 
Rosendale 
Rouzer 
Roy 
Rutherford 
Scalise 
Schweikert 
Scott, Austin 
Sessions 
Simpson 
Slotkin 
Smith (MO) 
Smith (NE) 
Smucker 
Spanberger 
Spartz 
Steel 
Stefanik 
Steube 
Stewart 
Stivers 
Taylor 
Thompson (PA) 
Tiffany 
Timmons 
Turner 
Upton 
Valadao 
Van Duyne 
Wagner 
Walberg 
Walorski 
Waltz 
Weber (TX) 
Wenstrup 
Westerman 
Williams (TX) 
Wilson (SC) 
Wittman 
Womack 
NAYS—236 
Adams 
Aguilar 
Allred 
Auchincloss 
Axne 
Bacon 
Barraga´n 
Bass 
Beatty 
Bera 
Beyer 
Bishop (GA) 
Blumenauer 
Blunt Rochester 
Bonamici 
Bourdeaux 
Bowman 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brown 
Brownley 
Bush 
Bustos 
Butterfield 
Carbajal 
Ca´rdenas 
Carson 
Cartwright 
Case 
Casten 
Castor (FL) 
Castro (TX) 
Chu 
Cicilline 
Clark (MA) 
Clarke (NY) 
Cleaver 
Clyburn 
Cohen 
Connolly 
Cooper 
Correa 
Costa 
Courtney 
Craig 
Crist 
Crow 
Cuellar 
Davids (KS) 
Davis, Danny K. 
Davis, Rodney 
Dean 
DeFazio 
DeGette 
DeLauro 
DelBene 
Delgado 
Demings 
DeSaulnier 
Dingell 
Doggett 
Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Emmer 
Escobar 
Eshoo 
Espaillat 
Evans 
Fitzpatrick 
Fletcher 
Foster 
Frankel, Lois 
Fudge 
Gallego 
Garamendi 
Garbarino 
Garcı´a (IL) 
Garcia (TX) 
Golden 
Gomez 
Gonzalez, 
Vicente 
Gottheimer 
Green, Al (TX) 
Grijalva 
Haaland 
Harder (CA) 
Hastings 
Hayes 
Higgins (LA) 
Higgins (NY) 
Himes 
Horsford 
Houlahan 
Hoyer 
Huffman 
Jackson Lee 
Jacobs (CA) 
Jayapal 
Jeffries 
Johnson (GA) 
Johnson (OH) 
Johnson (TX) 
Jones 
Kahele 
Kaptur 
Katko 
Keating 
Kelly (IL) 
Khanna 
Kildee 
Kilmer 
Kim (NJ) 
Kind 
Kirkpatrick 
Krishnamoorthi 
Kuster 
Lamb 
Langevin 
Larsen (WA) 
Larson (CT) 
Lawrence 
Lawson (FL) 
Lee (CA) 
Lee (NV) 
Leger Fernandez 
Levin (CA) 
Levin (MI) 
Lieu 
Lofgren 
Lowenthal 
Luria 
Lynch 
Malinowski 
Malliotakis 
Maloney, 
Carolyn B. 
Maloney, Sean 
Manning 
Matsui 
McBath 
McCollum 
McEachin 
McGovern 
McKinley 
McNerney 
Meeks 
Meng 
Mfume 
Miller (WV) 
Moore (WI) 
Morelle 
Moulton 
Mrvan 
Murphy (FL) 
Nadler 
Napolitano 
Neal 
Neguse 
Newman 
Norcross 
O’Halleran 
Ocasio-Cortez 
Omar 
Pallone 
Panetta 
Pappas 
Pascrell 
Payne 
Perlmutter 
Peters 
Phillips 
Pingree 
Pocan 
Porter 
Pressley 
Price (NC) 
Quigley 
Raskin 
Reschenthaler 
Rice (NY) 
Ross 
Roybal-Allard 
Ruiz 
Ruppersberger 
Rush 
Ryan 
Salazar 
Sa´nchez 
Sarbanes 
Scanlon 
Schakowsky 
Schiff 
Schneider 
Schrader 
Schrier 
Scott (VA) 
Scott, David 
Sewell 
Sherman 
Sherrill 
Sires 
Smith (NJ) 
Smith (WA) 
Soto 
Speier 
Stanton 
Stauber 
Steil 
Stevens 
Strickland 
Suozzi 
Swalwell 
Takano 
Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) 
Titus 
Tlaib 
Tonko 
Torres (CA) 
Torres (NY) 
Trahan 
Trone 
Underwood 
Van Drew 
Vargas 
Veasey 
Vela 
Vela´zquez 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters 
Watson Coleman 
Welch 
Wexton 
Wild 
Williams (GA) 
Wilson (FL) 
Yarmuth 
Young 
Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—9 
Armstrong 
Bost 
Brady 
DesJarlais 
Deutch 
Luetkemeyer 
Posey 
Webster (FL) 
Wright 
b 1610 
Messrs. 
KAHELE, 
HOYER, 
Ms. 
JACKSON LEE, Mr. MFUME, Mrs. 
LURIA, and Mr. GOMEZ changed their 
vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Messrs. C. SCOTT FRANKLIN of 
Florida, MANN, GUEST, and FORTEN-
BERRY changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ 
to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
MEMBERS RECORDED PURSUANT TO HOUSE 
RESOLUTION 8, 117TH CONGRESS 
Amodei (Kelly 
(PA)) 
Axne (Stevens) 
Barraga´n (Beyer) 
Bishop (GA) 
(Butterfield) 
Blumenauer 
(Beyer) 
Bowman (Clark 
(MA)) 
Buchanan 
(Arrington) 
Ca´rdenas 
(Gomez) 
Carson 
(Butterfield) 
Carter (TX) 
(Nehls) 
Castor (FL) 
(Demings) 
Cohen (Beyer) 
Cooper (Clark 
(MA)) 
DeSaulnier 
(Matsui) 
Doggett (Beyer) 
Donalds 
(Cammack) 
Fallon (Nehls) 
Frankel, Lois 
(Clark (MA)) 
Gallego (Gomez) 
Garcı´a (IL) 
(Pressley) 
Gonzalez, 
Vicente 
(Gomez) 
Gosar (Wagner) 
Hastings 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Higgins (NY) 
(Kildee) 
Jayapal (Clark 
(MA)) 
Kahele (Case) 
Kind (Beyer) 
Kirkpatrick 
(Stanton) 
Krishnamoorthi 
(Brown) 
Langevin 
(Courtney) 
Larson (CT) 
(Courtney) 
Lawrence 
(Kildee) 
Lawson (FL) 
(Evans) 
Lieu (Beyer) 
Lofgren (Jeffries) 
Long (Wagner) 
Lowenthal 
(Beyer) 
Lynch (Clark 
(MA)) 
Maloney, 
Carolyn B. 
(Jeffries) 
McCaul (Wagner) 
McEachin 
(Wexton) 
McHenry (Banks) 
Meng (Clark 
(MA)) 
Moulton (Beyer) 
Napolitano 
(Correa) 
Panetta (Kildee) 
Payne 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Porter (Wexton) 
Price (NC) 
(Butterfield) 
Roybal-Allard 
(Correa) 
Ruiz (Aguilar) 
Rush 
(Underwood) 
Scott, David 
(Cartwright) 
Speier (Scanlon) 
Titus (Connolly) 
Trahan 
(McGovern) 
Vela (Gomez) 
Waltz 
(Cammack) 
Watson Coleman 
(Pallone) 
Wilson (FL) 
(Adams) 
AMENDMENT NO. 22 OFFERED BY MS. STEFANIK 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
CASTEN). Pursuant to clause 8 of rule 
XX, the unfinished business is the 
question on the adoption of amend-
ment No. 22, printed in part B of House 
Report 117–3, on which further pro-
ceedings were postponed and on which 
the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The 
Clerk 
will 
redesignate 
the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the amendment offered 
by the gentlewoman from New York 
(Ms. STEFANIK). 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 175, nays 
245, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 30] 
YEAS—175 
Aderholt 
Allen 
Amodei 
Babin 
Baird 
Balderson 
Banks 
Barr 
Bentz 
Bergman 
Bice (OK) 
Bilirakis 
Bishop (NC) 
Boebert 
Brooks 
Buchanan 
Bucshon 
Budd 
Burchett 
Calvert 
Cammack 
Carl 
Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) 
Cawthorn 
Chabot 
Cheney 
Cline 
Cloud 
Clyde 
Cole 
Comer 
Crawford 
Crenshaw 
Davidson 
DesJarlais 
Diaz-Balart 
Donalds 
Duncan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:29 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00066
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.048
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 65-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H457 
February 5, 2021 
Dunn 
Emmer 
Estes 
Fallon 
Feenstra 
Ferguson 
Fischbach 
Fitzgerald 
Fleischmann 
Fortenberry 
Foxx 
Franklin, C. 
Scott 
Fulcher 
Gaetz 
Gallagher 
Garcia (CA) 
Gibbs 
Gimenez 
Gohmert 
Gonzales, Tony 
Good (VA) 
Gooden (TX) 
Gosar 
Granger 
Graves (LA) 
Graves (MO) 
Green (TN) 
Greene (GA) 
Grothman 
Guest 
Guthrie 
Hagedorn 
Harris 
Harshbarger 
Hartzler 
Hern 
Herrell 
Herrera Beutler 
Hice (GA) 
Higgins (LA) 
Hill 
Hinson 
Hollingsworth 
Hudson 
Huizenga 
Issa 
Jackson 
Jacobs (NY) 
Johnson (LA) 
Johnson (SD) 
Jordan 
Joyce (PA) 
Keller 
Kelly (MS) 
Kelly (PA) 
Kim (CA) 
Kinzinger 
Kustoff 
LaHood 
LaMalfa 
Lamborn 
Latta 
LaTurner 
Lesko 
Long 
Loudermilk 
Lucas 
Luetkemeyer 
Mann 
Mast 
McCarthy 
McCaul 
McClain 
McClintock 
McHenry 
Meijer 
Meuser 
Miller (IL) 
Miller (WV) 
Miller-Meeks 
Moolenaar 
Mooney 
Moore (AL) 
Moore (UT) 
Mullin 
Murphy (NC) 
Nehls 
Newhouse 
Norman 
Obernolte 
Owens 
Palazzo 
Palmer 
Pence 
Perry 
Pfluger 
Reed 
Rice (SC) 
Rodgers (WA) 
Rogers (AL) 
Rogers (KY) 
Rose 
Rouzer 
Rutherford 
Scalise 
Schweikert 
Scott, Austin 
Sessions 
Simpson 
Smith (MO) 
Smith (NE) 
Smucker 
Spartz 
Steel 
Stefanik 
Steil 
Stewart 
Taylor 
Thompson (PA) 
Tiffany 
Timmons 
Turner 
Upton 
Valadao 
Van Duyne 
Wagner 
Walberg 
Walorski 
Waltz 
Weber (TX) 
Wenstrup 
Westerman 
Williams (TX) 
Wilson (SC) 
Wittman 
Womack 
NAYS—245 
Adams 
Aguilar 
Allred 
Arrington 
Auchincloss 
Axne 
Bacon 
Barraga´n 
Bass 
Beatty 
Bera 
Beyer 
Biggs 
Bishop (GA) 
Blumenauer 
Blunt Rochester 
Bonamici 
Bourdeaux 
Bowman 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brown 
Brownley 
Buck 
Bush 
Bustos 
Butterfield 
Carbajal 
Ca´rdenas 
Carson 
Cartwright 
Case 
Casten 
Castor (FL) 
Castro (TX) 
Chu 
Cicilline 
Clark (MA) 
Clarke (NY) 
Cleaver 
Clyburn 
Cohen 
Connolly 
Cooper 
Correa 
Costa 
Courtney 
Craig 
Crist 
Crow 
Cuellar 
Davids (KS) 
Davis, Danny K. 
Davis, Rodney 
Dean 
DeFazio 
DeGette 
DeLauro 
DelBene 
Delgado 
Demings 
DeSaulnier 
Dingell 
Doggett 
Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Escobar 
Eshoo 
Espaillat 
Evans 
Fitzpatrick 
Fletcher 
Foster 
Frankel, Lois 
Fudge 
Gallego 
Garamendi 
Garbarino 
Garcı´a (IL) 
Garcia (TX) 
Golden 
Gomez 
Gonzalez (OH) 
Gonzalez, 
Vicente 
Gottheimer 
Green, Al (TX) 
Griffith 
Grijalva 
Haaland 
Harder (CA) 
Hastings 
Hayes 
Higgins (NY) 
Himes 
Horsford 
Houlahan 
Hoyer 
Huffman 
Jackson Lee 
Jacobs (CA) 
Jayapal 
Jeffries 
Johnson (GA) 
Johnson (OH) 
Johnson (TX) 
Jones 
Joyce (OH) 
Kahele 
Kaptur 
Katko 
Keating 
Kelly (IL) 
Khanna 
Kildee 
Kilmer 
Kim (NJ) 
Kind 
Kirkpatrick 
Krishnamoorthi 
Kuster 
Lamb 
Langevin 
Larsen (WA) 
Larson (CT) 
Lawrence 
Lawson (FL) 
Lee (CA) 
Lee (NV) 
Leger Fernandez 
Levin (CA) 
Levin (MI) 
Lieu 
Lofgren 
Lowenthal 
Luria 
Lynch 
Mace 
Malinowski 
Malliotakis 
Maloney, 
Carolyn B. 
Maloney, Sean 
Manning 
Massie 
Matsui 
McBath 
McCollum 
McEachin 
McGovern 
McKinley 
McNerney 
Meeks 
Meng 
Mfume 
Moore (WI) 
Morelle 
Moulton 
Mrvan 
Murphy (FL) 
Nadler 
Napolitano 
Neal 
Neguse 
Newman 
Norcross 
O’Halleran 
Ocasio-Cortez 
Omar 
Pallone 
Panetta 
Pappas 
Pascrell 
Payne 
Perlmutter 
Peters 
Phillips 
Pingree 
Pocan 
Porter 
Pressley 
Price (NC) 
Quigley 
Raskin 
Reschenthaler 
Rice (NY) 
Rosendale 
Ross 
Roy 
Roybal-Allard 
Ruiz 
Ruppersberger 
Rush 
Ryan 
Salazar 
Sa´nchez 
Sarbanes 
Scanlon 
Schakowsky 
Schiff 
Schneider 
Schrader 
Schrier 
Scott (VA) 
Scott, David 
Sewell 
Sherman 
Sherrill 
Sires 
Slotkin 
Smith (NJ) 
Smith (WA) 
Soto 
Spanberger 
Speier 
Stanton 
Stauber 
Stevens 
Stivers 
Strickland 
Suozzi 
Swalwell 
Takano 
Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) 
Titus 
Tlaib 
Tonko 
Torres (CA) 
Torres (NY) 
Trahan 
Trone 
Underwood 
Van Drew 
Vargas 
Veasey 
Vela 
Vela´zquez 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters 
Watson Coleman 
Welch 
Wexton 
Wild 
Williams (GA) 
Wilson (FL) 
Yarmuth 
Young 
Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—11 
Armstrong 
Bost 
Brady 
Burgess 
Curtis 
Deutch 
Nunes 
Posey 
Steube 
Webster (FL) 
Wright 
b 1707 
Mr. ARRINGTON, Mses. SLOTKIN, 
and SCHAKOWSKY changed their vote 
from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Messrs. TIFFANY, CARL, and HAR-
RIS changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to 
‘‘yea.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
MEMBERS RECORDED PURSUANT TO HOUSE 
RESOLUTION 8, 117TH CONGRESS 
Aguilar 
(Carbajal) 
Amodei (Kelly 
(PA)) 
Axne (Stevens) 
Baird (Bucshon) 
Barraga´n (Beyer) 
Bishop (GA) 
(Butterfield) 
Blumenauer 
(Beyer) 
Bowman (Clark 
(MA)) 
Brooks (Kelly 
(PA)) 
Buchanan 
(Arrington) 
Calvert (Garcia 
(CA)) 
Ca´rdenas 
(Gomez) 
Carson 
(Butterfield) 
Carter (TX) 
(Nehls) 
Castor (FL) 
(Demings) 
Cohen (Beyer) 
Cooper (Clark 
(MA)) 
Cuellar 
(Butterfield) 
DeSaulnier 
(Matsui) 
DesJarlais 
(Kustoff) 
Doggett (Beyer) 
Donalds 
(Cammack) 
Fallon (Nehls) 
Frankel, Lois 
(Clark (MA)) 
Gallego (Gomez) 
Garcı´a (IL) 
(Pressley) 
Gonzalez, 
Vicente 
(Gomez) 
Gosar (Wagner) 
Granger 
(Arrington) 
Hastings 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Higgins (NY) 
(Kildee) 
Jayapal (Clark 
(MA)) 
Kahele (Case) 
Kind (Beyer) 
Kirkpatrick 
(Stanton) 
Krishnamoorthi 
(Brown) 
Langevin 
(Courtney) 
Larson (CT) 
(Courtney) 
Lawrence 
(Kildee) 
Lawson (FL) 
(Evans) 
Lieu (Beyer) 
Lofgren (Jeffries) 
Long (Wagner) 
Lowenthal 
(Beyer) 
Luetkemeyer 
(Kelly (PA)) 
Lynch (Clark 
(MA)) 
Maloney, 
Carolyn B. 
(Jeffries) 
McCaul (Wagner) 
McEachin 
(Wexton) 
McHenry (Banks) 
Meng (Clark 
(MA)) 
Moulton (Beyer) 
Mullin (Lucas) 
Napolitano 
(Correa) 
Panetta (Kildee) 
Payne 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Porter (Wexton) 
Price (NC) 
(Butterfield) 
Rodgers (WA) 
(Herrera 
Beutler) 
Roybal-Allard 
(Correa) 
Ruiz (Aguilar) 
Rush 
(Underwood) 
Scott, David 
(Cartwright) 
Speier (Scanlon) 
Titus (Connolly) 
Trahan 
(McGovern) 
Vela (Gomez) 
Waltz 
(Cammack)Watson 
Coleman 
(Pallone) 
Welch 
(McGovern) 
Wilson (FL) 
(Adams) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD). The previous question is 
ordered on the bill, as amended. 
The question is on the engrossment 
and third reading of the bill, as amend-
ed. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the 
third time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that 
the ayes appeared to have it. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, on that I de-
mand the yeas and nays. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 3(s) of House Resolution 
8, the yeas and nays are ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 247, nays 
173, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 31] 
YEAS—247 
Adams 
Aguilar 
Allred 
Auchincloss 
Axne 
Bacon 
Barraga´n 
Bass 
Beatty 
Bera 
Beyer 
Bishop (GA) 
Blumenauer 
Blunt Rochester 
Bonamici 
Bourdeaux 
Bowman 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brown 
Brownley 
Bush 
Bustos 
Butterfield 
Carbajal 
Ca´rdenas 
Carson 
Cartwright 
Case 
Casten 
Castor (FL) 
Castro (TX) 
Chu 
Cicilline 
Clark (MA) 
Clarke (NY) 
Cleaver 
Clyburn 
Cohen 
Connolly 
Cooper 
Correa 
Costa 
Courtney 
Craig 
Crist 
Crow 
Cuellar 
Davids (KS) 
Davis, Danny K. 
Davis, Rodney 
Dean 
DeFazio 
DeGette 
DeLauro 
DelBene 
Delgado 
Demings 
DeSaulnier 
Diaz-Balart 
Dingell 
Doggett 
Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Emmer 
Escobar 
Eshoo 
Espaillat 
Evans 
Fitzpatrick 
Fletcher 
Fortenberry 
Foster 
Frankel, Lois 
Fudge 
Gallego 
Garamendi 
Garbarino 
Garcı´a (IL) 
Garcia (TX) 
Gimenez 
Golden 
Gomez 
Gonzales, Tony 
Gonzalez (OH) 
Gonzalez, 
Vicente 
Gottheimer 
Green, Al (TX) 
Grijalva 
Haaland 
Harder (CA) 
Hastings 
Hayes 
Higgins (NY) 
Himes 
Horsford 
Houlahan 
Hoyer 
Huffman 
Jackson Lee 
Jacobs (CA) 
Jayapal 
Jeffries 
Johnson (GA) 
Johnson (OH) 
Johnson (TX) 
Jones 
Joyce (OH) 
Kahele 
Kaptur 
Katko 
Keating 
Kelly (IL) 
Khanna 
Kildee 
Kilmer 
Kim (NJ) 
Kind 
Kinzinger 
Kirkpatrick 
Krishnamoorthi 
Kuster 
Lamb 
Langevin 
Larsen (WA) 
Larson (CT) 
Lawrence 
Lawson (FL) 
Lee (CA) 
Lee (NV) 
Leger Fernandez 
Levin (CA) 
Levin (MI) 
Lieu 
Lofgren 
Lowenthal 
Luria 
Lynch 
Malinowski 
Malliotakis 
Maloney, 
Carolyn B. 
Maloney, Sean 
Manning 
Matsui 
McBath 
McCollum 
McEachin 
McGovern 
McKinley 
McNerney 
Meeks 
Meng 
Mfume 
Moore (WI) 
Morelle 
Moulton 
Mrvan 
Murphy (FL) 
Nadler 
Napolitano 
Neal 
Neguse 
Newhouse 
Newman 
Norcross 
O’Halleran 
Ocasio-Cortez 
Omar 
Pallone 
Panetta 
Pappas 
Pascrell 
Payne 
Perlmutter 
Peters 
Phillips 
Pingree 
Pocan 
Porter 
Pressley 
Price (NC) 
Quigley 
Raskin 
Reed 
Reschenthaler 
Rice (NY) 
Ross 
Roybal-Allard 
Ruiz 
Ruppersberger 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00067
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.054
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 66-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H458 
February 5, 2021 
Rush 
Ryan 
Salazar 
Sa´nchez 
Sarbanes 
Scanlon 
Schakowsky 
Schiff 
Schneider 
Schrader 
Schrier 
Scott (VA) 
Scott, David 
Sewell 
Sherman 
Sherrill 
Sires 
Slotkin 
Smith (NJ) 
Smith (WA) 
Soto 
Spanberger 
Speier 
Stanton 
Stauber 
Steil 
Stevens 
Stivers 
Strickland 
Suozzi 
Swalwell 
Takano 
Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) 
Titus 
Tlaib 
Tonko 
Torres (CA) 
Torres (NY) 
Trahan 
Trone 
Underwood 
Upton 
Van Drew 
Vargas 
Veasey 
Vela 
Vela´zquez 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters 
Watson Coleman 
Welch 
Wexton 
Wild 
Williams (GA) 
Wilson (FL) 
Yarmuth 
Young 
Zeldin 
NAYS—173 
Aderholt 
Allen 
Amodei 
Arrington 
Babin 
Baird 
Balderson 
Banks 
Barr 
Bentz 
Bergman 
Bice (OK) 
Biggs 
Bilirakis 
Bishop (NC) 
Boebert 
Brooks 
Buchanan 
Buck 
Bucshon 
Budd 
Burchett 
Calvert 
Cammack 
Carl 
Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) 
Cawthorn 
Chabot 
Cheney 
Cline 
Cloud 
Clyde 
Cole 
Comer 
Crawford 
Crenshaw 
Curtis 
Davidson 
DesJarlais 
Donalds 
Duncan 
Dunn 
Estes 
Fallon 
Feenstra 
Ferguson 
Fischbach 
Fitzgerald 
Fleischmann 
Foxx 
Franklin, C. 
Scott 
Fulcher 
Gaetz 
Gallagher 
Garcia (CA) 
Gibbs 
Gohmert 
Good (VA) 
Gooden (TX) 
Gosar 
Granger 
Graves (LA) 
Graves (MO) 
Green (TN) 
Greene (GA) 
Griffith 
Grothman 
Guest 
Guthrie 
Hagedorn 
Harris 
Harshbarger 
Hartzler 
Hern 
Herrell 
Herrera Beutler 
Hice (GA) 
Hill 
Hinson 
Hollingsworth 
Hudson 
Huizenga 
Issa 
Jackson 
Jacobs (NY) 
Johnson (LA) 
Johnson (SD) 
Jordan 
Joyce (PA) 
Keller 
Kelly (MS) 
Kelly (PA) 
Kim (CA) 
Kustoff 
LaHood 
LaMalfa 
Lamborn 
Latta 
LaTurner 
Lesko 
Long 
Loudermilk 
Lucas 
Luetkemeyer 
Mace 
Mann 
Massie 
Mast 
McCarthy 
McCaul 
McClain 
McClintock 
McHenry 
Meijer 
Meuser 
Miller (IL) 
Miller (WV) 
Miller-Meeks 
Moolenaar 
Mooney 
Moore (AL) 
Moore (UT) 
Mullin 
Murphy (NC) 
Nehls 
Norman 
Obernolte 
Owens 
Palazzo 
Palmer 
Pence 
Perry 
Pfluger 
Rice (SC) 
Rodgers (WA) 
Rogers (AL) 
Rogers (KY) 
Rose 
Rosendale 
Rouzer 
Roy 
Rutherford 
Scalise 
Schweikert 
Scott, Austin 
Sessions 
Simpson 
Smith (MO) 
Smith (NE) 
Smucker 
Spartz 
Steel 
Stefanik 
Stewart 
Taylor 
Thompson (PA) 
Tiffany 
Timmons 
Turner 
Valadao 
Van Duyne 
Wagner 
Walberg 
Walorski 
Waltz 
Weber (TX) 
Wenstrup 
Westerman 
Williams (TX) 
Wilson (SC) 
Wittman 
Womack 
NOT VOTING—11 
Armstrong 
Bost 
Brady 
Burgess 
Deutch 
Higgins (LA) 
Nunes 
Posey 
Steube 
Webster (FL) 
Wright 
b 1747 
Mr. BACON changed his vote from 
‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, unfortunately, I 
was detained and unable to cast my vote for 
one amendment to and final passage of H.R. 
447, the National Apprenticeship Act. Had I 
been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on 
rollcall No. 30 and ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 31. 
MEMBERS RECORDED PURSUANT TO HOUSE 
RESOLUTION 8, 117TH CONGRESS 
Aguilar 
(Carbajal) 
Amodei (Kelly 
(PA)) 
Axne (Stevens) 
Baird (Bucshon) 
Barraga´n (Beyer) 
Bishop (GA) 
(Butterfield) 
Blumenauer 
(Beyer) 
Bowman (Clark 
(MA)) 
Brooks (Kelly 
(PA)) 
Buchanan 
(Arrington) 
Calvert (Garcia 
(CA)) 
Ca´rdenas 
(Gomez) 
Carson 
(Butterfield) 
Carter (TX) 
(Nehls) 
Castor (FL) 
(Demings) 
Cohen (Beyer) 
Cooper (Clark 
(MA)) 
Cuellar 
(Butterfield) 
DeSaulnier 
(Matsui) 
DesJarlais 
(Kustoff) 
Doggett (Beyer) 
Donalds 
(Cammack) 
Fallon (Nehls) 
Frankel, Lois 
(Clark (MA)) 
Gallego (Gomez) 
Garcı´a (IL) 
(Pressley) 
Gonzalez, 
Vicente 
(Gomez) 
Gosar (Wagner) 
Granger 
(Arrington) 
Hastings 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Higgins (NY) 
(Kildee) 
Jayapal (Clark 
(MA)) 
Kahele (Case) 
Kind (Beyer) 
Kirkpatrick 
(Stanton) 
Krishnamoorthi 
(Brown) 
Langevin 
(Courtney) 
Larson (CT) 
(Courtney) 
Lawrence 
(Kildee) 
Lawson (FL) 
(Evans) 
Lieu (Beyer) 
Lofgren (Jeffries) 
Long (Wagner) 
Lowenthal 
(Beyer) 
Luetkemeyer 
(Kelly (PA)) 
Lynch (Clark 
(MA)) 
Maloney, 
Carolyn B. 
(Jeffries) 
McCaul (Wagner) 
McEachin 
(Wexton) 
McHenry (Banks) 
Meng (Clark 
(MA)) 
Moulton (Beyer) 
Mullin (Lucas) 
Napolitano 
(Correa) 
Norman 
(Arrington) 
Panetta (Kildee) 
Payne 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Porter (Wexton) 
Price (NC) 
(Butterfield) 
Rodgers (WA) 
(Herrera 
Beutler) 
Roybal-Allard 
(Correa) 
Ruiz (Carbajal) 
Rush 
(Underwood) 
Scott, David 
(Cartwright) 
Speier (Scanlon) 
Timmons 
(Kustoff) 
Titus (Connolly) 
Trahan 
(McGovern) 
Vela (Gomez) 
Waltz 
(Cammack) 
Watson Coleman 
(Pallone) 
Welch 
(McGovern) 
Wilson (FL) 
(Adams) 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 804 
Mr. ALLRED. Mr. Speaker, I hereby 
remove my name as cosponsor of H.R. 
804, which I was inadvertently put on. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman’s request is accepted. 
f 
HONORING 
NEW 
MEXICO 
STATE 
POLICE 
OFFICER 
DARIAN 
JARROTT 
(Ms. HERRELL asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend her re-
marks.) 
Ms. HERRELL. Mr. Speaker, today, I 
rise to honor New Mexico State Police 
Officer Darian Jarrott. 
Officer Jarrott was shot and killed 
yesterday, February 4, after he stopped 
a vehicle while assisting with a Home-
land Security investigation. He was 28 
years old and leaves behind three chil-
dren and a fourth on the way. 
Officer Jarrott joined the State po-
lice in 2015, after beginning his career 
as a transportation inspector with the 
New Mexico Department of Public 
Safety. 
He served his community with honor 
and distinction, and he was known 
among his colleagues to always have a 
smile on his face, no matter how tough 
a situation was. 
Officer Jarrott was someone who 
wanted to help people, someone who 
wanted to do the right thing and was 
loved by his community. We need more 
officers like him. 
We owe so much to Officer Jarrott 
and so many others who answer the 
call to duty and make the ultimate 
sacrifice. 
His death reminds us of the debt we 
owe the brave men and women who 
stand in the gap to protect us from 
evil. My prayers are with Officer 
Jarrott’s family. 
f 
WINNING THE WAR AGAINST THE 
PANDEMIC 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to address the House 
for 1 minute and to revise and extend 
her remarks.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, 
this is a daunting and overwhelming 
responsibility that this country has, 
and that is to defeat COVID–19 and to 
win this war against the pandemic. 
If you take a survey of different 
States, you will find that there is an 
uneven approach to distribution. There 
are mega centers; there are small cen-
ters; and there are no centers. I am re-
introducing my COVID–19 Delivery Act 
of 2021 that sets out a protocol dealing 
with the nationalization or federaliza-
tion of distribution so that distribution 
is organized to the extent that every 
part of America knows when their vac-
cines will come. 
We will put out a national app so 
that public health entities can know 
when their doses will come. We will 
find a logistical scheme so that FEMA 
can manage the distribution across the 
Nation. We will purposely design it so 
that 
hard-to-reach 
neighborhoods, 
communities of minorities, will be 
found and so that we begin to vac-
cinate people massively across the Na-
tion. 
We have to save lives. 594,000 may die 
by May. Please cosponsor the 2021 
COVID–19 Delivery Act. It is going to 
make a difference. 
f 
PUTTING AMERICA FIRST 
(Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, the 
Biden administration has now issued at 
least 42 executive actions, including 25 
executive orders, by far the most of 
any President during this span. Clear-
ly, all his rhetoric about unity is, to 
use his favorite word, malarkey. 
This week, the President signed three 
more 
executive 
orders 
to 
destroy 
progress we have made on immigration 
and border security. 
He reversed President Trump’s public 
charge rule. That rule prevented immi-
grants likely to rely on social welfare 
programs—paid for by you and me, the 
taxpayer—from accessing green cards. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00068
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.056
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 67-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H459 
February 5, 2021 
Asylum seekers will no longer be re-
quired to wait in Mexico while being 
processed, which is a commonsense de-
terrent against dubious asylum claims. 
Instead, it just waves them right in, 
with a backlog already of years on asy-
lum hearings. 
This power has been transferred from 
the proper agencies now to the White 
House, where immigration no doubt 
will be politicized. 
Americans are suffering. Many need 
work because their jobs have been shut 
down due to the corona China virus. 
How can we justify closing our 
schools and businesses but putting our 
borders wide open? 
If the President wants to heal this 
Nation, he must pull together for the 
needs of struggling Americans, not 
these others. 
f 
NATIONAL SECURITY LETTERS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
JONES). Under the Speaker’s announced 
policy of January 4, 2021, the gen-
tleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT) is 
recognized for 60 minutes as the des-
ignee of the minority leader. 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, inter-
esting days in the Capitol. 
I keep being asked about the metal 
detector. I was not happy about metal 
detectors. But for some weeks now, I 
have been complying, taking my stuff 
out, putting it on the table, going 
through the metal detector. 
I did that yesterday and came in 
here, and I was going to be recognized 
to speak. Since the restroom is just 
right there through that door, you see 
it as you are standing there at the 
door, I did what I have done for a num-
ber of weeks now. I went to the rest-
room and came back. Since the officers 
see you, and there was nobody else in 
the area, as there usually isn’t these 
days, I went in, came out. 
So people know, it isn’t like ‘‘The 
Godfather.’’ There are no tanks on the 
toilets, no place to hide a gun, that I 
see. 
Anyway, the officers see you, and no 
one has ever said a word about needing 
to be reexamined when you are just 
right there. 
Anyway, 
apparently, 
rules 
have 
changed over the last few weeks, and 
all of a sudden yesterday I was told, 
well, you need to be wanded. I said, no, 
I have been through the metal detec-
tor, and this has never been required 
before. 
So, I came in today. I get a notice 
that I am supposed to be fined $5,000. 
So, we will be appealing. 
One of the things that is not sup-
posed to happen is arbitrary and capri-
ciousness—and to go for a number of 
weeks and nobody ever say a word be-
cause you are just going right there 
and back, never having to be reexam-
ined, and then all of a sudden yester-
day, and today, be hit with a $5,000 
fine. 
Mr. Speaker, I just want to make 
sure our colleagues know that the 
metal detectors are not the issue en-
tirely. You may want to use facilities 
at your office or around your office be-
cause now, despite the admonition in 
the Constitution itself about not stop-
ping or detaining a Member of Congress 
on his way into a session—it is in the 
Constitution—this Speaker has seen fit 
to defy that, to create metal detectors. 
And now that is not enough. You 
can’t even go to the restroom in full 
view of the officers without being hit 
upon and unconstitutionally treated 
again. I have been going along with the 
unconstitutional action anyway. 
b 1800 
But it seems that it is one of those 
things, Mr. Speaker, no matter how 
much you finally are desensitized to 
the Constitution enough to comply 
with unconstitutional actions, there 
just keeps being another requirement, 
another requirement, and another re-
quirement. So we will see how it all 
comes out, but hopefully other Mem-
bers will learn from the arbitrariness 
of my treatment to avoid that for 
themselves. 
On FOX News my friend, Tucker 
Carlson, touched on this yesterday. 
And this article is by Tucker: 
There has been an enormous amount of 
talk—not just this week, but over the last 
month—about violent extremism and the 
people who embrace it. Those people, we are 
told, are domestic terrorists who must be 
put down by force. The war on terror has 
moved Stateside. Extremists are inside our 
country, and we must hunt them down. 
We are hearing those words nonstop, not 
just on cable news, but from elected officials, 
including some Republicans. We are hearing 
it from the leaders of Federal law enforce-
ment agencies and the intelligence agencies. 
We are hearing it from the Pentagon. Just 
this week, Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin 
ordered the entire U.S. military to ‘‘stand 
down’’ while investigators cleanse the ranks 
of political extremists. 
And, of course, we are hearing it from the 
business establishment, from Wall Street 
and tech monopolies, from the massive mul-
tinational corporations that increasingly 
control the contours of American life. All of 
them are now on the hunt for political ex-
tremists. 
By the way, with regard to the effort 
to purge the military of anybody with 
a political position that does not sup-
port socialism, my 4 years at Fort 
Benning, Georgia—about half of that 
under Commander in Chief Carter and 
the other, about half, under Com-
mander in Chief Reagan—there were a 
lot of people at Fort Benning who 
didn’t care for what was happening to 
the military under President Carter. 
But we knew you could not say any-
thing 
derogatory 
about 
the 
Com-
mander in Chief without being either 
punished with an article 15 nonjudicial 
punishment or being prosecuted be-
cause he was the Commander in Chief. 
But 
everybody, 
Democrat, 
Repub-
lican—and now lots of Socialists—as 
long as you did your job in the military 
and you followed orders, you didn’t 
have any problem. But we were not 
heard to talk about the terrible morale 
under President Carter, the way we 
were no longer respected, the way 
internationally—especially 
after 
the 
failed hostage rescue attempt that I be-
lieve had more to do with civilian over-
sight restrictions than it was anything 
else. I was told by people at Fort 
Benning that the President, the White 
House was warned, If you make us go 
in with so few helicopters, there is a 
good chance we won’t have the six 
needed in order to go rescue the hos-
tages—we knew where they were—and 
that they were made to scale to eight. 
So when they lost three on the way to 
the staging area, then it was an auto-
matic abort, according to one of my 
friends who was part of it. 
Anyway, we ended up losing a chop-
per with military on board, a C–130, 
with military onboard. But, still, we 
didn’t go out. You didn’t hear us 
trashing the Carter White House be-
cause we were in the military. Our po-
litical opinions didn’t matter. Even if 
people had contempt for the poor lead-
ership in the White House, you didn’t 
say it because it was not allowed. 
People, despite their political posi-
tions, were ready to lay down their 
lives for their country if that was nec-
essary, and some did. Even though that 
was a time of peace those 4 years I was 
in, we were never in a declared police 
action or war. Still, we did our jobs no 
matter what it was, and nobody was 
run out of the military for their polit-
ical positions. But now under this ad-
ministration, things have changed. 
As Tucker Carlson goes on, he says: 
You have to be more precise than that. In 
order to root out a problem, you have to 
know what the problem is. You need a sense 
of what you are looking for, a clear picture. 
You have to define the terms. The remark-
able thing about this conversation we are 
having is that no one is doing that. 
Have you noticed that none of these newly 
energized and highly empowered extremist 
hunters have told us exactly what an ‘‘ex-
tremist’’ is? 
We are left to guess, to look around nerv-
ously to see if we can spot one. 
They are not talking about us, are they? 
And if they are, what exactly are they 
doing? 
How are they hunting these ‘‘extremists’’ 
they keep telling us about, but will not de-
scribe? 
We now know part of the answer to that 
question. 
He points out: 
Tucker Carson Tonight has exclusive ob-
tained evidence that Bank of America, the 
second-largest bank in the country with 
more than 60 million customers, is actively 
but secretly engaged in the hunt for extrem-
ists in cooperation with the government. 
Bank of America is, without the knowledge 
or the consent of it customers, sharing pri-
vate information with Federal law enforce-
ment agencies. Bank of America effectively 
is acting as an intelligence agency, but they 
are not telling you about it. 
In the days after the January 6 riot at the 
Capitol, Bank of America went through its 
own customers’ financial and transaction 
records. These were the private records of 
Americans who had committed no crime; 
people who, as far as we know, had abso-
lutely nothing to do with what happened at 
the Capitol. But at the request of Federal in-
vestigators, Bank of America searched its 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00069
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.074
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 68-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H460 
February 5, 2021 
databases looking for people who fit a spe-
cific profile. 
Here is what that profile was: Number one, 
customers confirmed as transacting, either 
through bank account debit card or credit 
card purchases in Washington, D.C., between 
January 5 and January 6. Number two, pur-
chases made for a hotel or Airbnb in D.C., 
Virginia, and Maryland after January 6; any 
purchase of weapons or at a weapons-related 
merchant between January 7 and their up-
coming suspected stay in the D.C. area 
around Inauguration Day. And also airline- 
related purchases since January 6. 
The first thing you should notice about 
that profile is that it is remarkably broad. 
Any purchases of anything in Washington, 
D.C.; any overnight stay anywhere in an area 
spanning three jurisdictions and hundreds of 
miles; any purchase not just of legal fire-
arms, but anything bought from a ‘‘weapons- 
related merchant,’’ T-shirts included; and 
any 
airline-related 
purchases—not 
just 
flights to Washington, D.C., but flights to 
anywhere, from Omaha to Thailand. That is 
an absurdly wide net. 
Bank of America identified a total of 211 
customers who met these ‘‘thresholds of in-
terest.’’ At that point, ‘‘Tucker Carlson To-
night’’ has learned, Bank of America has 
turned over the results of its internal scan to 
Federal authorities, apparently without no-
tifying the customers who were being spied 
upon. Federal investigators then interviewed 
at least one of these unsuspecting people. 
That person, we have learned, hadn’t done 
anything wrong and was cleared. 
Imagine if you were that person. The FBI 
hauls you in for questioning in a terror in-
vestigation, not because you have done any-
thing wrong or suspicious, but because you 
bought plane tickets and visited your coun-
try’s capital. Now they are sweating you be-
cause your bank, which you trust with your 
most private information, has ratted you out 
without your knowledge. Because Bank of 
America did that, you are being treated like 
a member of al-Qaida. 
It doesn’t matter how much you despise 
Donald Trump or how much you believe that 
hatred of Trump justifies suspending this 
country’s 
ancient 
civil 
liberties, 
going 
through that experience would scare the hell 
out of you. 
Does anyone else know about this? 
Is there a record of this interview? 
Will I lose my job because of it? 
That actually happened to someone. 
Anyway, he goes on and points out 
this issue of banks toting over informa-
tion, and it took me back in time to 
the George W. Bush Presidency, when I 
first got to Congress and I first learned 
about something called National Secu-
rity Letters. That was a shock to me to 
find out about what were called NSLs, 
National Security Letters, because I 
have been a litigant, I have been a fel-
ony judge and a chief justice, and I was 
quite familiar with reviewing affidavits 
in support of requests for warrants. 
And I have reviewed them at all hours 
of the day and night most of the time 
because law enforcement in my juris-
diction was told by the DA they needed 
to go through the DA’s office to make 
sure that the warrants met the con-
stitutional requirements. 
So it was rare, but sometimes I did 
say: You don’t have facts that create 
probable cause to believe a crime has 
been committed or probable cause to 
believe this person committed it. We 
need some facts here that you can 
swear to under oath that will allow me 
to sign a warrant so that places may be 
searched and specific things described 
with particularity can be seized. 
So having had that history, I was 
quite surprised to find that under the 
PATRIOT Act—and, actually, this note 
is from the Electronic Frontier Foun-
dation. I am not familiar with them, 
but they have a good synopsis on Na-
tional Security Letters: 
NSLs are currently authorized by four Fed-
eral statutes: the Electronic Communica-
tions Privacy Act, the National Security 
Act, the Right to Financial Privacy Act— 
which is kind of ironic; they don’t need prob-
able cause to get your records under the 
Right to Financial Privacy Act, that is 
amazing—the Fair Credit Reporting Act, and 
also the USA PATRIOT Act. 
This article described the way they 
work pretty well: 
Although there are procedures for review 
after they are issued, National Security Let-
ters can be issued by the FBI without any ju-
dicial oversight. 
The 
FBI 
must 
certify 
that 
the 
records sought are ‘‘relevant to an au-
thorized 
investigation 
to 
protect 
against 
international 
terrorism 
or 
clandestine intelligence activities.’’ 
We were assured during the reauthor-
ization of the PATRIOT Act that this 
was only used to go against or to inves-
tigate foreigners who were either part 
of a known terrorist organization or 
known terrorists themselves or had re-
lations with a known foreign terrorist 
organization. 
I had asked in one of our meetings 
with Justice Department people: Well, 
what about the other reason you can 
send out a National Security Letter 
and just siphon up all of somebody’s 
records from a third party? 
That is called clandestine intel-
ligence activities. 
And I was told: Oh, no, we don’t real-
ly use that. 
I said: Well, I would like to know 
what that means, clandestine intel-
ligence activities. Does that mean if 
my next-door neighbor is kind of hid-
ing behind the curtain and watching 
what is going on at my house—that is 
clandestine, they are seeking intel-
ligence 
what 
was 
happening 
next 
door—does that mean you can scoop up 
all their records? 
The answer basically was: No, we 
don’t really use that part. 
b 1815 
That was so vague, it bothered me. 
Our chairman at the time was a great 
man, JIM SENSENBRENNER, but he was 
not about to allow any changes to that, 
so it is still there 15, 16 years later. 
We kept being assured by everybody 
that there are never any abuses to the 
National Security Letters. But it con-
cerned me because if all it took was an 
FBI agent just signing something say-
ing, ‘‘I need this for an investigation,’’ 
who is to be sure it really was? 
I kind of like the warrant system, 
where you have to go to a judge and es-
tablish with particularity the person to 
be seized or the things to be seized or 
the place to be searched. 
I remember when I was an assistant 
DA. We had kind of an interesting dep-
uty who people would kind of roll their 
eyes about. He was constantly coming 
in, asking for a warrant. As assistant 
DA, I got to know him. 
He was a nice guy, but he came in 
once and said: I know I have been 
harassing you, trying to get a warrant. 
I know there are people smoking dope 
out in this little bitty community. 
They have a little bitty store there, 
and I found out the people I think are 
smoking dope are going to have a party 
Friday night. I have good authority 
they are going to have potato chips 
there. That little store was just re-
cently burglarized late at night, and 
one of the things they took was potato 
chips. So, I want to get a warrant to go 
into these people’s home looking for 
potato chips, and then I will look for 
the dope while I am there. 
I said: Well, is there any way to iden-
tify the potato chips that were in this 
store that were stolen? 
No, no. But, see, that is the beauty. 
While I am looking for potato chips, I 
will just kind of look around for dope. 
I said: That is not adequate to estab-
lish probable cause to go busting into 
somebody’s house looking for potato 
chips if you can’t identify they were 
the ones that were stolen. 
Anyway, he was very upset that I 
wouldn’t draft up the application for a 
warrant, 
his 
affidavit, 
because 
he 
thought he had a great way to do it. 
Well, what I didn’t know back then 
was that there would be Federal stat-
utes established after 9/11 that you 
don’t need to go get a judge to say, yes, 
there is probable cause to believe a 
crime was committed and this person 
did it or probable cause to believe that 
you could find the fruits of a crime at 
a particular described location. No, no, 
you just have an FBI agent send a Na-
tional Security Letter saying: I am in-
vestigating a matter, and I need you to 
give me all the records you have on a 
certain individual or a certain busi-
ness. And by the way, under this NSL 
law, if you tell anybody that you got 
this demand for records, then you will 
have committed a felony, and we will 
prosecute you. 
Now, back then, it didn’t say you 
could even tell your lawyer. But the 
President George W. Bush administra-
tion Justice Department said: But we 
are interpreting it to mean that some-
body who receives a National Security 
Letter demand for production can talk 
to their lawyer. We won’t prosecute 
anybody for talking to their own law-
yer. 
Well, wasn’t that generous. But we 
were assured, both privately in meet-
ings and under testimony, that there 
were no known violations of the law on 
National Security Letters. It was al-
ways to go after foreign terrorists or 
people that associated with foreign ter-
rorist groups; that is what we are 
doing. 
It still was a concern. That just 
seems like so much power. Eventually, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00070
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.075
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 69-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H461 
February 5, 2021 
it was included that, gee, you had to 
get higher up approval before you sent 
out the National Security Letter. 
But the Attorney General at the 
time—really good, decent guy, Alberto 
Gonzales—he had indicated that he was 
not aware of any known violations of 
the law under the National Security 
Letter laws. Unfortunately for him, he 
testified before—and I don’t have any 
of the information; I am just going off 
my institutional memory from those 
days. He had testified before a Senate 
committee that, yeah, there were no 
known violations of the law on Na-
tional Security Letters. 
Well, unfortunately for him, there 
was a DOJ inspector general report, as 
I recall, that had been on his desk for 
3 days. The IG said there may be as 
many as 3,000 violations of the law in 
gathering information under National 
Security Letters, where FBI agents 
just wanted to find out about some-
body, some business, so they sent a let-
ter demanding records about the per-
son or the business, saying give me all 
you have on this person or business, 
when there was not a case, not prob-
able cause of anything, not a known 
terrorist involved or known terrorist 
organization. They just wanted infor-
mation about somebody, something, 
and so sent them out. 
I had seen that Senator SCHUMER was 
really upset. He felt like they had been 
lied to when he found out there had 
been an IG report 3 days before, that 
the Attorney General had, when he 
said there were no known violations. 
I ran into Senator SCHUMER here on 
the Hill—I think it was the next day, 
within a couple of days—and I said: 
Say, I saw you had our Attorney Gen-
eral, giving him a hard time about the 
violations of the National Security 
Letter. That is something I have been 
upset about, then to find out there may 
have been more than 3,000 violations, 
just fishing expeditions. 
He said some things that were not 
complimentary about the head of the 
Justice Department. And he said: I 
don’t know why the President doesn’t 
just let him go and hire somebody else. 
I said: Well, I can tell you why he 
doesn’t, and that is because we figure 
you would not allow a new appointee to 
get through committee, and we don’t 
need to go—I think it was a year-and- 
a-half left—without a real Attorney 
General. 
And he said: No, look, there are peo-
ple I know we could agree on if they 
would just try. 
But he felt like we needed a new At-
torney General. 
Well, the thing is, the FBI Director 
at that time was a guy named Mueller, 
and it was really a problem that should 
have fallen directly at the feet of Di-
rector Mueller. It was his FBI. He 
could have supervised them more thor-
oughly, especially when we are talking 
about thousands of abuses of people’s 
rights and abuses of the National Secu-
rity Letter use, seizing people’s infor-
mation, personal as it is. 
But I thought about all of that when 
seeing Bank of America had turned 
over all of this information to the Fed-
eral authorities, the FBI, I guess. It 
made me wonder if maybe they were 
back to their old ways of abusing the 
NSLs, no probable cause that a par-
ticular person committed a crime at 
all, just on fishing expeditions. I won-
dered if maybe they used the NSLs to 
go on those fishing expeditions and 
caught lots of honest, innocent Ameri-
cans in their net. 
Now, going back to that, when I first 
got here, we had a lot of friends on the 
Democrat side of the aisle who were ex-
tremely concerned about civil rights, 
just like Senator SCHUMER
was ex-
tremely upset to find out the FBI had 
violated potentially thousands of peo-
ple’s basic civil rights, seizing informa-
tion about them, without having any 
probable cause, violating the Fourth 
Amendment and possibly Fifth. But 
that was a different time. 
In fact, I was concerned, and I called 
the White House, asking for the Chief 
of Staff, Josh Bolten at the time. I felt 
like he was a really good, decent guy. 
He was in a meeting with President 
Bush at the time, but he called me 
back. 
I told him about the concerns, that a 
lot of people on both sides of the aisle 
are upset that our Republican adminis-
tration was abusing people’s rights like 
that, just using National Security Let-
ters willy-nilly, and that we needed 
some change. They couldn’t do it un-
less they knew they had an agreement 
to get through somebody else. 
What I should have done—I made a 
mistake—I should have been demand-
ing that Mueller go, and we get a dif-
ferent FBI Director. But anyway, I sug-
gested 
somebody 
that 
could 
talk 
friendly with Senator SCHUMER, give 
him a call and see if they could agree 
on some replacements. 
Anyway, we ended up with Attorney 
General Mukasey. I felt like he was a 
very honorable man. I had nothing to 
do with who was picked, but appar-
ently, there was an agreement between 
the White House and Senator SCHUMER 
and others, potentially. 
But all of that came back to mind as 
I saw that a bank—I think the second 
biggest in the country—was turning 
over information without apparently 
getting any warrant. But really, it is a 
problem of the National Security Let-
ter. 
We got into a discussion back at re-
authorization. I heard from the Depart-
ment of Justice, saying: Look, this is 
such an important tool. 
I am going: But it is so easily abused. 
There have to be more checks and bal-
ances here. 
Back at the time, Democrats on the 
Judiciary Committee here in the House 
were concerned, but there were not 
enough of us concerned to completely, 
radically change the National Security 
Letter laws or to do away with it, so 
they are still around all these years 
later. 
I am hoping that we can get some 
people on both sides of the aisle. Demo-
crats are in the majority. I would love 
to see a hearing where we could get 
down to it. If it needs to be under clas-
sified conditions, closed, whatever, but 
we really need to take another look at 
this, because it could just completely 
depend on the administration. 
I would hope that maybe with as 
much hatred as some people have for 
former President Trump, maybe they 
thought, gee, what if he got reelected, 
then he could put people in place that 
used those National Security Letters 
to go after all the people he didn’t like. 
b 1830 
Maybe that would be enough to en-
courage people who hate former Presi-
dent Trump to actually take some ac-
tion to really try to secure people’s 
civil rights that have been violated for 
years, and all under the guise that we 
are protecting ourselves from either 
international terrorism or clandestine 
intelligence activities, whatever that 
is. 
So, anyway, that came back to mind. 
It is still something that should be 
done. There is a story here my staff 
was able to find from The New York 
Times back in 2007, when they were a 
little more trustworthy, but it is titled 
‘‘FBI Head Admits Mistakes in Use of 
Security Act.’’ 
And that was Mr. Mueller. He em-
braced the responsibility for the lapses, 
but he was punished by giving him 2 
extra years as Director of the FBI. 
That allowed him to continue the poor 
supervision that allowed these kind of 
what he called lapses. 
In this article, it says, ‘‘ ‘How could 
this happen?’ Mr. Mueller asked rhe-
torically in a briefing at the head-
quarters of the FBI. ‘Who is to be held 
accountable? And the answer to that 
is, I am to be held accountable.’ ’’ 
But the truth is, he was never held 
accountable. In fact, he was actually 
rewarded. 
And 
Attorney 
General 
Gonzales paid the price for his huge 
failure. 
So that is rather tragic. That is 
something I am hoping that we could 
work together on, Democrats and Re-
publicans, because civil rights, it ap-
pears, are being trampled once again. I 
don’t know if there was a pause in the 
trampling, but, regardless, we need to 
be doing some serious oversight. 
Now, I have an article here from Yael 
Halon. It says, ‘‘DeSantis bracing for 
‘big fight’ over Big Tech crackdown: 
‘We’re buckled up.’ ’’ 
And that is another area where it is 
not the government that is abusing 
people’s rights, but it is the high tech. 
I recently reread George Orwell’s 
‘‘1984,’’ and as I understand, I believe it 
was 1947 that he wrote it. He was dying, 
as I understand, of cancer. He had 
gone, I believe it was, to Scotland. He 
had been through some treatment that 
was pretty rough. So some think that 
may have helped him with imagination 
on how people could be tortured. But 
incredible. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00071
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.077
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 70-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H462 
February 5, 2021 
I mean, in the late 1940s there were 
very, very few televisions around. And 
I know where I grew up in east Texas, 
there were hardly any at all. Even up 
until 1953, there were very few. 
But here it is, right after World War 
II, and George Orwell is talking about 
this big brother. Of course, under the 
rules of the House, we are not supposed 
to talk about brothers, but this big sib-
ling I believe is the word we are sup-
posed to use. So big sibling watched 
and listened to everything everybody 
did, and they would use a telescreen. 
Which back then, you know, there were 
no flat screen TVs, but that is what is 
conjured up when you think about a 
telescreen. 
Televisions were rare, and this guy 
already is imagining that someday the 
government 
will 
be 
watching 
you 
through this big screen. And nowadays 
that is your phone, that is your com-
puter. And I know I had heard from an 
intelligence friend, you know, that 
they could watch people through their 
camera on their computer; and so I 
started putting a little sticky note on 
my computer. 
One day, at the Judiciary Com-
mittee, the head of the FBI came in, 
and I noticed he had a little sticky 
note over the camera on his computer, 
and I thought, well, he knows what 
they can do, and if he is putting a 
sticky note over his camera, maybe he 
doesn’t want to be watched by big sib-
ling either. 
But, anyway, now the big tech indus-
try can watch everything you do, ev-
erything you look up. They can listen 
to you. We had an IT helper come in. 
And I just don’t like the idea that 
somebody, whether in high tech or gov-
ernment, could be watching or listen-
ing when there is no crime that is 
being committed. I asked the IT guy: 
‘‘Can you take Siri off of my stuff?’’ 
I just hate Siri. And Siri’s voice came 
up and said: ‘‘That is not nice.’’ 
Whoa. I would just as soon not have 
Siri, Alexa, anybody watching and lis-
tening to everything that is going on. 
No crime is being committed. 
It is not a crime to go to the bath-
room here, even though I am being 
fined $5,000 for it. Hopefully that will 
be corrected. But that is just a little 
unnerving. Yet George Orwell foresaw 
that this big sibling would be out there 
someday watching and listening. 
So I really appreciate my old friend, 
Congressman Ron DeSantis as Gov-
ernor of Florida. This article says he 
‘‘took aim Tuesday at the country’s 
largest technology companies, which 
he characterized as a group of ‘monop-
oly communications platforms’ based 
on how they have grown to regulate 
public discourse . . . DeSantis an-
nounced a crackdown on tech compa-
nies over content moderation, which he 
equated to political manipulation, reit-
erating a belief held by many conserv-
atives that Silicon Valley is biased 
against right-leaning viewpoints.’’ 
Parenthetically, here is an article in 
Time magazine by Molly Ball, ‘‘The Se-
cret History of the Shadow Campaign 
that Saved the 2020 Election.’’ And, of 
course, she characterizes—well, I say 
she. I don’t know. Molly may be a 
guy—but characterizes what went on as 
being justified, but try to save the elec-
tion for then-Senator Biden. And it is 
quite interesting, but there is no ques-
tion there was tremendous manipula-
tion of information by the high-tech 
industry, even though that person, 
Molly, has a different perspective. 
The article by Yael Halon goes on to 
say: ‘‘ ‘We think this is something that 
Floridians want protection from, and I 
think it will end up being a really good 
first step,’ DeSantis told ‘Tucker Carl-
son Tonight’ on Tuesday. 
‘‘There has always been the question, 
‘What do you do about this?’ A lot of us 
have thought there was something 
wrong for a long time, but to sit back 
and hope it gets better, that clearly 
wasn’t going to work. So we’re leading 
and I think it will be good. 
‘‘In an effort to keep big tech out of 
Florida’s political sphere, DeSantis 
proposed a number of measures, includ-
ing a $100,000 daily fine’’—not for going 
to the restroom right off the floor— 
‘‘for companies that deplatform polit-
ical candidates. Additionally, actions 
taken by companies to effectively pro-
mote a candidate will be considered 
campaign contributions. 
‘‘The Governor proposed measures to 
enhance user rights as well, including 
allowing individuals and the Florida 
attorney general to sue companies over 
violations of individual protections, as 
well as requiring companies to provide 
full 
disclosures 
of 
actions 
taken 
against individuals for violating poli-
cies. 
‘‘ ‘It’s not just being banned from 
Twitter. As we’ve seen, these compa-
nies can collude,’ DeSantis told host 
Tucker Carlson. ‘They can deny you, if 
you’re a small business . . . payment 
processing, the ability to use e-mail 
and text. So you go to a rally that they 
don’t 
like 
or 
you 
engage 
in 
wrongthink, and all of a sudden, your 
flower business is decapitated for a 
month because they take action. 
‘‘The Republican acknowledged that 
the initiative will likely cause a ‘big 
fight in the legislative session.’ 
‘‘ ‘Hopefully, we can get a lot of sup-
port,’ he said. ‘Most folks do want pro-
tections for their privacy and data. 
Most folks want protections from being 
de-platformed. I think it will be very 
positively received, but we’re buckled 
up. We know there are always fights 
over these things, so stay tuned.’ ’’ 
So we will see what happens. But in 
the meantime, I am sure some would 
want to blame it on conservatives or 
Republicans. 
There is a report out from Mar 
Chastain: ‘‘2020 Homicide Rate So High 
There is ‘No Modern Precedent.’’ 
But if you look at what brought 
about the 2020 homicide rate so high 
there is no modern precedent, we are 
talking about the group that had been 
protesting, looting—even though the 
lamestream media calls it mostly 
peaceful—the killing, the brutalizing, 
the fires, the trying to burn and kill 
police in their own station, those 
things have gone on. 
And until the Capitol was invaded— 
which was totally wrong. It doesn’t 
matter, Republican, Democrat, Social-
ist, whatever, it doesn’t matter, it is 
wrong. And despite my quoting the 
Speaker, her comment about surprised 
there are not riots in the street across 
the country, I do not advocate for vio-
lence. Never have. Don’t advocate for 
violence. 
As a historian—and I never quit 
studying history, reading, finding out 
more—it is very clear that some things 
do help trigger violence. Just as if you 
seal a heating pressure cooker, it is 
going to create a terrible reaction. 
And as I pointed out before, you 
know, we in this country created 
courts. And in some cases it is the leg-
islative job to resolve disputes civilly, 
and that normally avoids violence. 
Now, sometimes we have violence erupt 
in courtrooms. That happens. But as I 
have told people in my courtroom, you 
know, the courts often are the last 
civil bastion where we work things out. 
No violence. We punish people for vio-
lence. But this is where we come to civ-
illy resolve disputes. And when you 
have courts repeatedly refuse to even 
have a hearing, take evidence, and re-
solve disputes, it does create problems. 
And I don’t want those problems. I 
don’t want violence from anybody. The 
odds are you increase chances of not 
having violence when our institutions 
constitutionally created to resolve dis-
putes civilly do that. 
b 1845 
And I hope that is what we will do 
here and do a better job of it than has 
been done. 
But it used to be during the Revolu-
tion, one of the most common expres-
sions often attributed to Voltaire—I 
have read some places that maybe 
somebody said it before Voltaire—but 
the line that Founders often said was: 
‘‘I disagree with what you said, but I 
will defend to the death your right to 
say it.’’ 
And now we come to a place in Amer-
ica where people feel like, well, I dis-
agree with what you say, so I hate you. 
I hate your family. I am going to try to 
get you fired, and I hope we can get 
you put in jail. And I hope your chil-
dren die and never get a job and can’t 
take care of themselves. 
I mean, it has gotten really viscous 
in some places in this country. 
And I was raised in a family where 
meals were pretty lively because every-
body was fairly intelligent and we had 
some very heated discussions. But we 
still loved each other. And, I mean, 
there are people in this body that I 
really love, you know. I think they are 
wrong about really critical issues, but 
we could come in here and argue and 
debate and fuss. Since I have been here, 
maybe one time it was different. But 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00072
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.079
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 71-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H463 
February 5, 2021 
when people in here say, we are going 
to fight this, they are not talking 
about violence. They are talking about 
debate. 
That is what I am talking about. But 
we need to get back to the institutions 
designed under Federal and State con-
stitutions to resolve disputes civilly. 
One of the problems with this whole 
Russia hoax, the guy that was slam- 
dunk guilty of fraud upon the FISA 
court of lying under oath was just al-
lowed to plead and get probation. And 
I said when the article came out—I 
think it was December of 2019 that 
Kleinsmith had changed the informa-
tion to help them in what amounted to 
be illegally getting a warrant against 
somebody in the Trump campaign—I 
said, I hope they are not going to use 
him as a scapegoat when there are so 
many in the DOJ or FBI that lied 
under oath. 
They committed what certainly ap-
peared to be crimes. I will say, Durham 
entirely dropped the ball. The informa-
tion should have been out long ago so 
people would know what was true and 
not have to rely on big tech to lie to 
them or manipulate them. But he 
dropped the ball. 
And so it appears to many people 
that there is a double standard when it 
comes to justice. 
If you are a part of the DOJ, FBI, or 
intelligence and you favor Democrats, 
it appears you get a better deal, but we 
will see. 
This is Friday and, Mr. Speaker, I 
know it is Friday and I am told I am 
the last speaker of the day. You have 
been immensely gracious, and I hope 
you have a good weekend. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
PUBLICATION OF COMMITTEE 
RULES 
RULES OF THE COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY 
FOR THE 117TH CONGRESS 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY, 
Washington, DC, February 5, 2021. 
Hon. NANCY PELOSI, 
Speaker of the House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR MADAM SPEAKER: Pursuant to clause 
2(a) of rule XI of the Rules of the House of 
Representatives, I submit the Rules of the 
Committee on the Judiciary for the 117th 
Congress for publication in the Congres-
sional Record. On February 4, 2021, the Com-
mittee met in open session and adopted these 
Rules by voice vote, a quorum being present. 
Sincerely, 
JERROLD NADLER, 
Chairman. 
RULES OF PROCEDURE 
Rule I. The Rules of the House of Rep-
resentatives are the rules of the Committee 
on the Judiciary and its Subcommittees with 
the following specific additions thereto. 
RULE II. COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
(a) The regular meeting day of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary for the conduct of 
its business shall be on Wednesday of each 
week while the House is in session. 
(b) Additional meetings may be called by 
the Chair and a regular meeting of the Com-
mittee may be dispensed with when, in the 
judgment of the Chair, there is no need 
therefor. 
(c) The Chair shall furnish each Member of 
the Committee or Subcommittee with the 
date, place, and a list of bills and subjects to 
be considered at a Committee or Sub-
committee meeting, which may not com-
mence earlier than the third day on which 
Members have notice thereof (excluding Sat-
urdays, Sundays and legal holidays when the 
House is not in session). 
(d) At least 48 hours prior to the com-
mencement of a meeting for the markup of 
legislation, the text of such legislation shall 
be made publicly available in electronic 
form. 
(e) In an emergency that does not reason-
ably allow for the notice as requirements in 
(c) and (d), the Chair may waive the notice 
requirements with the concurrence of the 
Ranking Minority Member. 
(f) To the maximum extent practicable, 
amendments to a measure or matter shall be 
submitted in writing or electronically to the 
designee of both the Chair and Ranking 
Member at least 24 hours prior to the consid-
eration of the measure or matter. The Chair 
may give priority to amendments submitted 
in advance. 
(g) Committee and Subcommittee meet-
ings for the transaction of business, i.e. 
meetings other than those held for the pur-
pose of taking testimony, shall be open to 
the public except when the Committee or 
Subcommittee determines by majority vote 
to close the meeting because disclosure of 
matters to be considered would endanger na-
tional security, would compromise sensitive 
law enforcement information, or would tend 
to defame, degrade or incriminate any per-
son or otherwise would violate any law or 
rule of the House. 
(h) Every motion made to the Committee 
and entertained by the Chair shall be re-
duced to writing upon demand of any Mem-
ber, and a copy made available to each Mem-
ber present. 
(i) For purposes of taking any action at a 
meeting of the full Committee or any Sub-
committee thereof for which a majority is 
not required, a quorum shall be constituted 
by the presence of not less than one-third of 
the Members of the Committee or Sub-
committee, respectively. 
(j)(1) Subject to subparagraph (2), the Chair 
may postpone further proceedings when a 
record vote is ordered on the question of ap-
proving any measure or matter or adopting 
an amendment. The Chair may resume pro-
ceedings on a postponed request at any time. 
(2) In exercising postponement authority 
under subparagraph (1), the Chair shall take 
all reasonable steps necessary to notify 
Members on the resumption of proceedings 
on any postponed record vote. 
(3) When proceedings resume on a post-
poned question, notwithstanding any inter-
vening order for the previous question, an 
underlying proposition shall remain subject 
to further debate or amendment to the same 
extent as when the question was postponed. 
(k) Transcripts of markups shall be re-
corded and may be published in the same 
manner as hearings before the Committee. 
(1) Without further action of the Com-
mittee, the Chair is directed to offer a mo-
tion under clause 1 of rule XXII of the Rules 
of the House of Representatives whenever 
the Chair considers it appropriate. 
RULE III. HEARINGS 
(a) The Committee Chair or any Sub-
committee Chair shall make public an-
nouncement of the date, place, and subject 
matter of any hearing to be conducted by it 
on any measure or matter at least one week 
before the commencement of that hearing. If 
the 
Chair 
of 
the 
Committee, 
or 
Sub-
committee, with the concurrence of the 
Ranking Minority Member, determines there 
is good cause to begin the hearing sooner, or 
if the Committee or Subcommittee so deter-
mines by majority vote, a quorum being 
present for the transaction of business, the 
Chair or Subcommittee Chair shall make the 
announcement at the earliest possible date. 
(b) Committee and Subcommittee hearings 
shall be open to the public except when the 
Committee or Subcommittee determines by 
majority vote to close the hearing because 
disclosure of matters to be considered would 
endanger national security, would com-
promise sensitive law enforcement informa-
tion, or would tend to defame, degrade or in-
criminate any person or otherwise would vio-
late any law or rule of the House. 
(c) For purposes of taking testimony and 
receiving evidence before the Committee or 
any Subcommittee, a quorum shall be con-
stituted by the presence of two Members. 
(d) In the course of any hearing each Mem-
ber shall be allowed five minutes for the in-
terrogation of a witness until such time as 
each Member who so desires has had an op-
portunity to question the witness. 
(e) The transcripts of those hearings con-
ducted by the Committee which are decided 
to be printed shall be published in verbatim 
form, with the material requested for the 
record inserted at that place requested, or at 
the end of the record, as appropriate. Indi-
viduals, including Members of Congress, 
whose comments are to be published as part 
of a Committee document shall be given the 
opportunity to verify the accuracy of the 
transcription in advance of publication. Any 
requests by those Members, staff or wit-
nesses to correct any errors other than er-
rors in the transcription, or disputed errors 
in transcription, shall be appended to the 
record, and the appropriate place where the 
change is requested will be footnoted. 
(f) Prior to approval by the Chair of hear-
ings conducted jointly with another congres-
sional Committee, a memorandum of under-
standing shall be prepared that specifies, to 
the extent possible, any deviation from Rule 
III of the Committee rules, and incorporates 
an agreement for the publication of the ver-
batim transcript. The Chair shall provide 
this memorandum of understanding to the 
Ranking Member prior to the commence-
ment of such hearing 
RULE IV. SUBPOENAS 
(a) A subpoena may be authorized and 
issued by the Chair, in accordance with 
clause 2(m) of rule XI of the House of Rep-
resentatives, in the conduct of any investiga-
tion or activity or series of investigations or 
activities within the jurisdiction of the Com-
mittee, following consultation with the 
Ranking Minority Member. 
(b) In addition, a subpoena may be author-
ized and issued by the Committee or its Sub- 
committees in accordance with clause 2(m) 
of rule XI of the House of Representatives, in 
the conduct of any investigation or activity 
or series of investigations or activities, when 
authorized by a majority of the Members 
voting, a majority of the Committee or Sub-
committee being present. Authorized sub-
poenas shall be signed by the Chair or by any 
Member designated by the Committee. 
(c) At least two calendar days (excluding 
Saturdays, Sundays, and legal holidays when 
the House is not in session) before issuing 
any subpoena pursuant to subsection (a), the 
Chair shall consult with the Ranking Mem-
ber regarding the authorization and issuance 
of such subpoena and shall provide a full 
copy of the proposed subpoena, including any 
proposed document schedule, at that time. 
(d) The requirements of subsection (c) may 
be waived in the event of an emergency that 
does not reasonably allow for advance writ-
ten notice. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00073
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K05FE7.081
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 72-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H464 
February 5, 2021 
RULE V. BROADCASTING 
Whenever a hearing or meeting conducted 
by the Committee or any Subcommittee is 
open to the public, those proceedings shall be 
open to coverage by television, radio and 
still photography subject to the require-
ments of clause 4 of Rule XI of the Rules of 
the House of Representatives. 
RULE VI. STANDING SUBCOMMITTEES 
(a) The full Committee shall have jurisdic-
tion over: copyright, and other such matters 
as determined by the Chair, and relevant 
oversight. 
(b) There shall be five standing Sub-
committees of the Committee on the Judici-
ary, with jurisdictions as follows: 
The Subcommittee on the Constitution, 
Civil Rights, and Civil Liberties shall have 
jurisdiction over the following subject mat-
ters: constitutional rights, constitutional 
amendments, Federal civil rights, claims 
against the United States, non-immigration 
private claims bills, ethics in government, 
tort liability, including medical malpractice 
and product liability, legal reform generally, 
other appropriate matters as referred by the 
Chair, and relevant oversight. 
The Subcommittee on Courts, Intellectual 
Property, and the Internet shall have juris-
diction over the following subject matters: 
administration of U.S. Courts, Legal Serv-
ices Corporation, Federal Rules of Evidence, 
Civil and Appellate Procedure, judicial eth-
ics, patent and trademark law, information 
technology, other appropriate matters as re-
ferred to by the Chair, and relevant over-
sight. 
The Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, 
and Homeland Security shall have jurisdic-
tion over the following subject matters: Fed-
eral Criminal Code, drug policy, sentencing, 
parole and pardons, internal and homeland 
security, Federal Rules of Criminal Proce-
dure, prisons, criminal law enforcement, and 
other appropriate matters as referred by the 
Chair, and relevant oversight. 
The Subcommittee on Immigration and 
Citizenship shall have jurisdiction over the 
following subject matters: immigration and 
naturalization, border security, admission of 
refugees, treaties, conventions and inter-
national agreements, Federal charters of in-
corporation, private immigration bills, non- 
border immigration enforcement, other ap-
propriate matters as referred by the Chair, 
and relevant oversight. 
The Subcommittee on Antitrust, Commer-
cial, and Administrative Law shall have ju-
risdiction over the following subject mat-
ters: the antitrust laws and competition pol-
icy, bankruptcy and commercial law, bank-
ruptcy judgeships, Federal Rules of Bank-
ruptcy Procedure, administrative law, the 
Administrative Conference of the United 
States, state taxation affecting interstate 
commerce, interstate compacts, other appro-
priate matters as referred by the Chair, and 
relevant oversight. 
(c) The Chair of the Committee and Rank-
ing Minority Member thereof shall be ex offi-
cio Members, but not voting Members, of 
each Subcommittee to which such Chair or 
Ranking Minority Member has not been as-
signed by resolution of the Committee. Ex 
officio Members shall not be counted as 
present 
for 
purposes 
of 
constituting 
a 
quorum at any hearing or meeting of such 
Subcommittee. 
RULE VII. POWERS AND DUTIES OF 
SUBCOMMITTEES 
Each Subcommittee is authorized to meet, 
hold hearings, receive evidence, and report 
to the full Committee on all matters referred 
to it or under its jurisdiction. Subcommittee 
chairs shall set dates for hearings and meet-
ings of their respective Subcommittees after 
consultation with the Chair and other Sub-
committee chairs with a view toward avoid-
ing simultaneous scheduling of full Com-
mittee and Subcommittee meetings or hear-
ings whenever possible. 
RULE VIII. NON-LEGISLATIVE REPORTS 
No report of the Committee or Sub-
committee which does not accompany a 
measure or matter for consideration by the 
House shall be published unless all Members 
of the Committee or Subcommittee issuing 
the report shall have been apprised of such 
report and given the opportunity to give no-
tice of intention to file supplemental, addi-
tional, or dissenting views as part of the re-
port. In no case shall the time in which to 
file such views be less than three calendar 
days (excluding Saturdays, Sundays, and 
legal holidays when the House is not in ses-
sion). 
RULE IX. COMMITTEE RECORDS 
The records of the Committee at the Na-
tional Archives and Records Administration 
shall be made available for public use ac-
cording to the Rules of the House. The Chair 
shall notify the Ranking Minority Member 
of any decision to withhold a record other-
wise available, and the matter shall be pre-
sented to the Committee for a determination 
on the written request of any Member of the 
Committee. 
RULE X. OFFICIAL COMMITTEE WEBSITE 
(a) The Chair shall maintain an official 
website on behalf of the Committee for the 
purpose of furthering the Committee’s legis-
lative and oversight responsibilities, includ-
ing communicating information about the 
Committee’s activities to Committee Mem-
bers and other Members of the House. 
(b) The Chair shall make the record of the 
votes on any question on which a record vote 
is demanded in the full Committee available 
on the Committee’s official website not later 
than 48 hours after such vote is taken. Such 
record shall identify or describe the amend-
ment, motion, order, or other proposition, 
the name of each Member voting for and 
each Member voting against such amend-
ment, motion, order, or proposition, and the 
names of the Members voting present. 
(c) Not later than 24 hours after the adop-
tion of any amendment to a measure or mat-
ter considered by the Committee or its Sub-
committees, the Chair shall make the text of 
each such amendment publicly available in 
electronic form. 
(d) Not later than 48 hours after the dis-
position or withdrawal of any other amend-
ment to a measure or matter considered by 
the Committee or its Subcommittees, the 
Chair shall make the text of each such 
amendment publicly available in electronic 
form. 
(e) Not later than 3 days after the conclu-
sion of a Committee meeting, the transcript 
of such meeting and the text of all amend-
ments offered shall be made available on the 
Committee website. 
(f) The Ranking Member is authorized to 
maintain a similar official website on behalf 
of the Committee Minority for the same pur-
pose, including communicating information 
about the activities of the Minority to Com-
mittee Members and other Members of the 
House. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 5(a)(1)(B) of House Reso-
lution 8, the House stands adjourned 
until 2 p.m. on Monday, February 8, 
2021. 
Thereupon (at 6 o’clock and 48 min-
utes p.m.), under its previous order, the 
House adjourned until Monday, Feb-
ruary 8, 2021, at 2 p.m. 
f 
OATH FOR ACCESS TO CLASSIFIED 
INFORMATION 
Under clause 13 of rule XXIII, the fol-
lowing Member executed the oath for 
access to classified information: 
Earl Blumenauer 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the 
Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
EC-154. A letter from the OSD FRLO, Of-
fice of the Secretary, Department of Defense, 
transmitting the Department’s final rule — 
Civil Money Penalties and Assessments 
Under the Military Health Care Fraud and 
Abuse Prevention Program [DOD-2018-HA- 
0059] (RIN: 0720-AB74) received February 2, 
2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public 
Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
Committee on Armed Services. 
EC-155. A letter from the Director, Office 
of Acquisition Policy, Office of Government- 
wide Policy, General Services Administra-
tion, 
transmitting 
the 
Administration’s 
summary presentation of final rules — Fed-
eral Acquisition Regulation; Federal Acqui-
sition Circular 2021-03; Introduction [Docket 
No.: FAR-2020-0051, Sequence No.: 8] received 
February 2, 2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight 
and Government Reform. 
EC-156. A letter from the Deputy Director, 
Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, 
transmitting the Bureau’s final rule — Fair 
Credit Reporting Act Disclosures received 
February 2, 2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial 
Services. 
EC-157. A letter from the Deputy Director, 
Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, 
transmitting the Bureau’s final rules — Ap-
praisals for Higher-Priced Mortgage Loans 
Exemption Threshold received February 2, 
2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public 
Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
Committee on Financial Services. 
EC-158. A letter from the Senior Counsel, 
Legal Division, Bureau of Consumer Finan-
cial Protection, transmitting the Bureau’s 
final rule — Role of Supervisory Guidance 
[Docket No.: CFPB-2020-0033] (RIN: 3710- 
AB02) received February 2, 2021, pursuant to 
5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Fi-
nancial Services. 
EC-159. A letter from the Associate Gen-
eral Counsel for Legislation and Regulations, 
Office of Housing-Federal Housing Commis-
sioner, Department of Housing and Urban 
Development, 
transmitting 
the 
Depart-
ment’s final rule — Manufactured Home Con-
struction and Safety Standards [Docket No.: 
FR-6149-F-02] (RIN: 2502-AJ49) received Feb-
ruary 
2, 
2021, 
pursuant 
to 
5 
U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial 
Services. 
EC-160. A letter from the Director, Office 
of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insur-
ance Cooperation, transmitting the Corpora-
tion’s final rule — Standardized Approach 
for Calculating the Exposure Amount of De-
rivative Contracts; Correction (RIN: 3064- 
AF52) received February 2, 2021, pursuant to 
5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Fi-
nancial Services. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:08 May 20, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00074
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\RECORD21\FEBRUARY\H05FE1.REC
H05FE1
abonner on DSKJLXR7X2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
 CORRECTION

 -Page 73-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H465 
February 5, 2021 
EC-161. A letter from the Director, Office 
of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insur-
ance Corporation, transmitting the Corpora-
tion’s correcting amendment — Regulatory 
Capital 
Rule: 
Changes 
to 
Applicability 
Thresholds for Regulatory Capital and Li-
quidity Requirements; Correction (RIN: 3064- 
AF66) received February 2, 2021, pursuant to 
5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Fi-
nancial Services. 
EC-162. A letter from the Director, Office 
of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insur-
ance Corporation, transmitting the Corpora-
tion’s final rule — Regulatory Capital Treat-
ment for Investments in Certain Unsecured 
Debt Instruments of Global Systemically Im-
portant U.S. Bank Holding Companies, Cer-
tain Intermediate Holding Companies, and 
Global 
Systemically 
Important 
Foreign 
Banking Organizations; Total Loss-Absorb-
ing Capacity Requirements (RIN: 3064-AE79) 
received February 2, 2021, pursuant to 5 
U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Fi-
nancial Services. 
EC-163. A letter from the Assistant General 
Counsel, Office of Justice Programs, Depart-
ment of Justice, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Juvenile Justice and De-
linquency Prevention Act Formula Grants 
Program [Docket No.: OJP (OJJDP) 1782] 
(RIN: 1121-AA83) received February 2, 2021, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Education and Labor. 
EC-164. A letter from the Regulations Co-
ordinator, Department of Health and Human 
Services, 
transmitting 
the 
Department’s 
final rule — Rotational Program for Direc-
tors of Centers and other Components of 
HHS received February 2, 2021, pursuant to 5 
U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-
ergy and Commerce. 
EC-165. A letter from the Director, Regula-
tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, 
Department of Health and Human Services, 
transmitting the Department’s final rule — 
Tobacco Products; Required Warnings for 
Cigarette Packages and Advertisements; De-
layed Effective Date [Docket No.: FDA-2019- 
N-3065] (RIN: 0910-AI39) received February 2, 
2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public 
Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
EC-166. A letter from the Section Chief, Di-
version Control Division, DEA, Department 
of Justice, transmitting the Department’s 
final rule — Schedules of Controlled Sub-
stances: Placement of cyclopentyl fentanyl, 
isobutyryl fentanyl, para-chloroisobutyryl 
fentanyl, para-methoxybutyryl fentanyl, and 
valeryl fentanyl in Schedule I [Docket No.: 
DEA-565] received February 2, 2021, pursuant 
to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, 
Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on 
Energy and Commerce. 
EC-167. A letter from the Regulations Su-
pervisor, Office of Natural Resources Rev-
enue, Department of the Interior, transmit-
ting the Department’s final rule — Consoli-
dated Federal Oil and Gas and Federal and 
Indian Coal Valuation Reform [Docket No.: 
ONRR-2012-0004; DS63644000 DRT000000.CH7000 
201D1113RT] (RIN: 1012-AA26) received Feb-
ruary 
2, 
2021, 
pursuant 
to 
5 
U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-
sources. 
EC-168. A letter from the Regulations Su-
pervisor, Office of Natural Resources Rev-
enue, Department of the Interior, transmit-
ting the Department’s final rule — ONRR 
2020 Valuation Reform and Civil Penalty 
Rule 
[Docket 
No.: 
ONRR-2020-0001; 
DS63644000 
DRT000000.CH7000 
212D1113RT] 
(RIN: 1012-AA27) received February 2, 2021, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Natural Resources. 
EC-169. A letter from the Records and In-
formation Management Specialist, U.S. Fish 
and Wildlife Service, Department of the Inte-
rior, transmitting the Department’s final 
rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife 
and Plants; Regulations for Listing Endan-
gered and Threatened Species and Desig-
nating Critical Habitat [Docket No.: FWS- 
HQ-ES-2020-0047, 
FF09E23000 
FXES1111090FEDR 212] (RIN: 1018-BE69) re-
ceived February 2, 2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-
sources. 
EC-170. A letter from the Chief, Branch of 
Domestic Listing, Department of the Inte-
rior, transmitting the Department’s final 
rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife 
and Plants; Designation of Critical Habitat 
for the Trispot Darter [Docket No.: FWS-R4- 
ES-2018-0073; FF09E21000 FXES11110900000 201] 
(RIN: 1018-BD40) received January 13, 2021, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Natural Resources. 
EC-171. A letter from the Chief, Branch of 
Domestic Listing, Department of the Inte-
rior, transmitting the Department’s final 
rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife 
and Plants; Section 4(d) Rule for Trispot 
Darter [Docket No.: FWS-R4-ES-2018-0074; 
FF09E21000 FXES11110900000 201] (RIN: 1018- 
BD43) received January 13, 2021, pursuant to 
5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-
ural Resources. 
EC-172. A letter from the Chief, Branch of 
Domestic Listing, Department of the Inte-
rior, transmitting the Department’s final 
rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife 
and Plants; Designation of Critical Habitat 
for Elfin-Woods Warbler [Docket No.: FWS- 
R4-ES-2020-0030; FF09E21000 FXES11110900000 
201] (RIN: 1018-BE85) received January 13, 
2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public 
Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
Committee on Natural Resources. 
EC-173. A letter from the Chief, Branch of 
Domestic Listing, Department of the Inte-
rior, transmitting the Department’s final 
rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife 
and Plants; Endangered Species Status for 
Southern Sierra Nevada Distinct Population 
Segment of Fisher [Docket No.: FWS-R8-ES- 
2018-0105; FF09E21000 FXES11110900000 201] 
(RIN: 1018-BD85) received January 13, 2021, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Natural Resources. 
EC-174. A letter from the Chief, Branch of 
Domestic Listing, Department of the Inte-
rior, transmitting the Department’s final 
rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife 
and Plants; Designation of Critical Habitat 
for Sonoyta Mud Turtle [Docket No.: FWS- 
R2-ES-2017-0014; FF09E21000 FXES11110900000 
201] (RIN: 1018-BD53) received January 13, 
2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public 
Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
Committee on Natural Resources. 
EC-175. A letter from the Chief, Branch of 
Domestic Listing, Department of the Inte-
rior, transmitting the Department’s final 
rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife 
and Plants; Endangered Status for the Island 
Marble Butterfly and Designation of Critical 
Habitat [Docket No.: FWS-R1-ES-2016-0145; 
FF09E21000 FXES11110900000 201] (RIN: 1018- 
BB96) received January 13, 2021, pursuant to 
5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-
ural Resources. 
EC-176. A letter from the Chief, Regulatory 
Coordination Division, U.S. Citizenship and 
Immigration Services, Department of Home-
land Security, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Security Bars and Proc-
essing [Docket No: USCIS 2020-0013] (RIN: 
1615-AC57) received February 2, 2021, pursu-
ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 
121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee 
on the Judiciary. 
EC-177. A letter from the Director, Office 
of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insur-
ance Corporation, transmitting the Corpora-
tion’s final rule — Collection of Civil Money 
Penalty Debt (RIN: 3064-AF25) received Feb-
ruary 
2, 
2021, 
pursuant 
to 
5 
U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judici-
ary. 
EC-178. A letter from the Director, Office 
of Government Ethics, transmitting the Of-
fice’s final rule — 2021 Civil Monetary Pen-
alties Inflation Adjustments for Ethics in 
Government Act Violations (RIN: 3209-AA55) 
received February 2, 2021, pursuant to 5 
U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the 
Judiciary. 
EC-179. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Revocation, Amendment, 
and Establishment of Multiple Air Traffic 
Service (ATS) Routes Due to the Decommis-
sioning of the Greene County, MS, VOR 
[Docket No.: FAA-2019-0815; Airspace Docket 
No.: 19-ASW-8] (RIN: 2120-AA66) received 
February 2, 2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure. 
EC-180. A letter from the Chief, Disclosure 
Support Branch, Internal Revenue Service, 
transmitting the Service’s final regulations 
— Qualified Transportation Fringe, Trans-
portation and Commuting Expenses Under 
Section 274 [TD 9939] (RIN: 1545-BP49) re-
ceived February 2, 2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and 
Means. 
EC-181. A letter from the Chief, Disclosure 
Support Branch, Internal Revenue Service, 
transmitting the Service’s final rules — 
Grandfathered 
Group 
Health 
Plans 
and 
Grandfathered Group Health Insurance Cov-
erage [TD 9928] (RIN: 1545-BP67) received 
February 2, 2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and 
Means. 
EC-182. A letter from the Chief, Disclosure 
Support Branch, Internal Revenue Service, 
transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — 
Work Opportunity Tax Credit (WOTC) Tran-
sition Relief under Internal Revenue Code 
Sec. 51 [Notice 2020-78] received February 2, 
2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public 
Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
Committee on Ways and Means. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk 
for printing and reference to the proper 
calendar, as follows: 
[The following action occurred on January 3, 
2021] 
Mr. MCGOVERN: Committee on Rules. 
Survey of Activities of the House Committee 
on Rules for the 116th Congress (Rept. 116– 
722). Referred to the Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union. 
[February 5, 2021] 
Mr. 
MORELLE: 
Committee 
on 
Rules. 
House Resolution 101. Resolution providing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00075
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\L05FE7.000
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 74-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H466 
February 5, 2021 
for the adoption of the concurrent resolution 
(S. Con. Res. 5) setting forth the congres-
sional budget for the United States Govern-
ment for fiscal year 2021 and setting forth 
the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal 
years 2022 through 2030 (Rept. 117–5). Re-
ferred to the House Calendar. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following 
titles were introduced and severally re-
ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for him-
self, Mrs. HARTZLER, Mr. ADERHOLT, 
Mr. ALLEN, Mr. ARMSTRONG, Mr. 
ARRINGTON, Mr. BABIN, Mr. BACON, 
Mr. BALDERSON, Mr. BANKS, Mrs. BICE 
of Oklahoma, Mr. BIGGS, Mr. BISHOP 
of North Carolina, Mrs. BOEBERT, Mr. 
BOST, Mr. BROOKS, Mr. BUCHANAN, 
Mr. BUDD, Mr. BURCHETT, Mr. BUR-
GESS, Mr. CARL, Mr. CARTER of Geor-
gia, Mr. CHABOT, Ms. CHENEY, Mr. 
CLOUD, Mr. CLYDE, Mr. COLE, Mr. 
CURTIS, Mr. DAVIDSON, Mr. RODNEY 
DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. DUNCAN, Mr. 
DUNN, Mr. EMMER, Mr. FEENSTRA, 
Mrs. FISCHBACH, Mr. FORTENBERRY, 
Ms. FOXX, Mr. C. SCOTT FRANKLIN of 
Florida, Mr. GAETZ, Mr. GIBBS, Mr. 
GONZALEZ of Ohio, Mr. GOOD of Vir-
ginia, Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana, Mr. 
GRAVES of Missouri, Mr. GRIFFITH, 
Mr. GROTHMAN, Mr. GUEST, Mr. GUTH-
RIE, Mr. HAGEDORN, Mr. HARRIS, Mrs. 
HARSHBARGER, 
Mr. 
HERN, 
Ms. 
HERRELL, Mr. HICE of Georgia, Mrs. 
HINSON, 
Mr. 
HOLLINGSWORTH, 
Mr. 
HUDSON, Mr. HUIZENGA, Mr. ISSA, Mr. 
JACKSON, Mr. JACOBS of New York, 
Mr. JOHNSON of South Dakota, Mr. 
JOHNSON of Louisiana, Mr. JORDAN, 
Mr. JOYCE of Pennsylvania, Mr. KEL-
LER, Mr. KELLY of Mississippi, Mr. 
KINZINGER, 
Mr. 
KUSTOFF, 
Mr. 
LAHOOD, Mr. LAMALFA, Mr. LAM-
BORN, Mr. LATTA, Mr. LATURNER, 
Mrs. LESKO, Mr. LOUDERMILK, Mr. 
LUETKEMEYER, Ms. MACE, Mr. MANN, 
Mr. 
MAST, 
Mr. 
MCCARTHY, 
Mrs. 
MCCLAIN, Mr. MCHENRY, Mr. MCKIN-
LEY, Mrs. RODGERS of Washington, 
Mrs. MILLER of West Virginia, Mrs. 
MILLER of Illinois, Mr. MOOLENAAR, 
Mr. MOONEY, Mr. MOORE of Alabama, 
Mr. MOORE of Utah, Mr. MULLIN, Mr. 
MURPHY
of 
North 
Carolina, 
Mr. 
NEWHOUSE, Mr. NORMAN, Mr. OWENS, 
Mr. PERRY, Mr. PFLUGER, Mr. POSEY, 
Mr. RESCHENTHALER, Mr. RICE
of 
South Carolina, Mr. ROGERS of Ken-
tucky, Mr. ROGERS of Alabama, Mr. 
ROSE, Mr. ROSENDALE, Mr. ROUZER, 
Mr. ROY, Mr. RUTHERFORD, Mr. SCA-
LISE, Mr. SCHWEIKERT, Mr. AUSTIN 
SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. SESSIONS, Mr. 
SMITH of Missouri, Mr. SMUCKER, Mr. 
STAUBER, Mr. STEIL, Mr. STEUBE, Mr. 
STEWART, Mr. TAYLOR, Mr. THOMPSON 
of Pennsylvania, Mr. TIMMONS, Mrs. 
WAGNER, 
Mr. 
WALBERG, 
Mrs. 
WALORSKI, Mr. WALTZ, Mr. WEBER of 
Texas, 
Mr. 
WENSTRUP, 
Mr. 
WESTERMAN, Mr. WILLIAMS of Texas, 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina, Mr. 
WOMACK, 
Mr. 
WRIGHT, 
and 
Mr. 
YOUNG): 
H.R. 18. A bill to prohibit taxpayer funded 
abortions; to the Committee on Energy and 
Commerce, and in addition to the Commit-
tees on Ways and Means, and the Judiciary, 
for a period to be subsequently determined 
by the Speaker, in each case for consider-
ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-
risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By 
Mr. 
GOSAR 
(for 
himself, 
Ms. 
BROWNLEY, Mr. NORMAN, Mr. CON-
NOLLY, Mr. THOMPSON of California, 
Mr. 
STEUBE, 
Mr. 
LAMALFA, 
Mr. 
WALTZ, Mr. BIGGS, Ms. BLUNT ROCH-
ESTER, Mr. JOHNSON of South Dakota, 
Mrs. HARSHBARGER, Mr. CARL, Mr. 
MOULTON, Mrs. RODGERS
of Wash-
ington, Mr. KELLER, Mr. BERGMAN, 
Mr. CORREA, Mr. KELLY
of Mis-
sissippi, Mr. LAMB, Ms. HOULAHAN, 
Ms. SLOTKIN, Mr. SAN NICOLAS, Mr. 
PENCE, and Mr. GALLAGHER): 
H.R. 855. A bill to provide PreCheck to cer-
tain severely injured or disabled veterans, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Homeland Security, and in addition to the 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for a period 
to be subsequently determined by the Speak-
er, in each case for consideration of such pro-
visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
By Mr. TIFFANY (for himself and Mr. 
GALLAGHER): 
H.R. 856. A bill to amend the Federal Elec-
tion Campaign Act of 1971 to prohibit certain 
political committees from compensating the 
spouse of the candidate for services provided 
to or on behalf of the committee, to require 
such committees to report on payments 
made to the spouse and the immediate fam-
ily members of the candidate, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on House Admin-
istration. 
By Mr. BACON (for himself and Mr. 
WILSON of South Carolina): 
H.R. 857. A bill to impose sanctions on cer-
tain persons contributing to the prolifera-
tion of arms of Iran, and for other purposes; 
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in 
addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, 
for a period to be subsequently determined 
by the Speaker, in each case for consider-
ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-
risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. ARRINGTON (for himself, Mr. 
CUELLAR, Mr. BABIN, Mr. WILLIAMS of 
Texas, Mr. WRIGHT, Mr. JACKSON, and 
Mr. WEBER of Texas): 
H.R. 
858. 
A 
bill 
to 
designate 
the 
Rocksprings Station of the U.S. Border Pa-
trol 
located 
on 
West 
Main 
Street 
in 
Rocksprings, Texas, as the ‘‘Donna M. Doss 
Border Patrol Station’’; to the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mrs. BOEBERT (for herself, Mr. 
PERRY, Mr. GOSAR, Mr. WEBER
of 
Texas, Mr. NEWHOUSE, Mr. BROOKS, 
Mr. STEUBE, Mr. KELLY
of Mis-
sissippi, Mr. GOHMERT, Mr. ESTES, 
Mr. BIGGS, Mr. BABIN, Mr. BANKS, Mr. 
DUNCAN, Mr. GRIFFITH, Mr. YOUNG, 
Mr. EMMER, Mr. HICE of Georgia, Mr. 
STAUBER, Mr. ROY, Mr. BAIRD, Mr. 
CLINE, and Mr. WESTERMAN): 
H.R. 859. A bill to prohibit the President 
from issuing moratoria on leasing and per-
mitting energy and minerals on certain Fed-
eral land, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Natural Resources, and in ad-
dition to the Committees on Agriculture, 
Oversight and Reform, Transportation and 
Infrastructure, Energy and Commerce, For-
eign Affairs, Financial Services, Intelligence 
(Permanent Select), and Armed Services, for 
a period to be subsequently determined by 
the Speaker, in each case for consideration 
of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-
tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BABIN (for himself, Mr. WEBER 
of Texas, Mr. PERRY, Mr. DUNCAN, 
Mr. BUDD, Mr. POSEY, Mr. KELLER, 
Mr. JOYCE of Pennsylvania, Mr. TIF-
FANY, and Mr. ALLEN): 
H.R. 860. A bill to require States to obtain 
information from Social Security Adminis-
tration on deaths for purposes of voter reg-
istration list maintenance, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on House Admin-
istration, and in addition to the Committees 
on Ways and Means, Transportation and In-
frastructure, and Education and Labor, for a 
period to be subsequently determined by the 
Speaker, in each case for consideration of 
such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-
tion of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER (for her-
self, Ms. MATSUI, Ms. NORTON, Mr. 
CARSON, Ms. LEE of California, Mrs. 
WATSON COLEMAN, and Mr. CASTEN): 
H.R. 861. A bill to amend the Emergency 
Planning and Community Right-To-Know 
Act of 1986 to require an emergency notifica-
tion meeting in the event of the release of an 
extremely hazardous substance from a facil-
ity, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER (for her-
self, Ms. NORTON, Mr. MCNERNEY, Ms. 
LEE of California, Ms. JAYAPAL, and 
Ms. MATSUI): 
H.R. 862. A bill to authorize the Adminis-
trator of the Environmental Protection 
Agency to award grants to eligible entities 
to reduce greenhouse gas emissions at ports, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. BROOKS (for himself, Mr. 
BABIN, Mr. HICE of Georgia, and Mr. 
LAMALFA): 
H.R. 863. A bill to require the Director of 
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement 
to submit annual reports regarding certain 
demographic information on aliens arrested; 
to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. BROOKS (for himself, Mr. DUN-
CAN, Mr. POSEY, Mr. BILIRAKIS, Mr. 
BUDD, Mr. MASSIE, Mr. PERRY, Mrs. 
LESKO, Mr. BABIN, Mr. WEBER
of 
Texas, Mr. ROSENDALE, Mr. NORMAN, 
Mr. HICE of Georgia, Mr. BISHOP of 
North 
Carolina, 
Mr. 
GOSAR, 
Mr. 
LAMALFA, Mr. MOORE of Alabama, 
Mr. GAETZ, and Mr. GIBBS): 
H.R. 864. A bill to amend title II of the So-
cial Security Act to exclude from creditable 
wages and self-employment income wages 
earned for services by aliens illegally per-
formed in the United States and self-employ-
ment income derived from a trade or busi-
ness illegally conducted in the United 
States; to the Committee on Ways and 
Means. 
By Mr. BROOKS (for himself, Mr. 
GAETZ, and Mr. GOODEN of Texas): 
H.R. 865. A bill to amend the Immigration 
and Nationality Act to improve the H-1B 
visa program, to repeal the diversity visa 
lottery program, and for other purposes; to 
the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addi-
tion to the Committee on Education and 
Labor, for a period to be subsequently deter-
mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-
sideration of such provisions as fall within 
the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. CALVERT (for himself, Mr. 
COSTA, Mr. MCCLINTOCK, Mr. SIMP-
SON, Mrs. STEEL, and Mr. VALADAO): 
H.R. 866. A bill to amend the Endangered 
Species Act of 1973 to vest in the Secretary 
of the Interior functions under that Act with 
respect to species of fish that spawn in fresh 
or estuarine waters and migrate to ocean 
waters, and species of fish that spawn in 
ocean waters and migrate to fresh waters; to 
the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By 
Mr. 
COSTA 
(for 
himself, 
Mr. 
GARAMENDI, Mr. RUPPERSBERGER, Mr. 
MORELLE, and Mr. CASTRO of Texas): 
H.R. 867. A bill to reauthorize the high- 
speed rail corridor development program, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00076
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.016
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 75-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H467 
February 5, 2021 
By Ms. DEAN: 
H.R. 868. A bill to amend the Public Health 
Service Act to authorize grants to institu-
tions of higher education to develop pro-
grams and materials to educate students 
who have a substance use disorder on treat-
ment options for such disorder, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. 
By Ms. DEGETTE (for herself, Mr. 
UPTON, Ms. JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. 
ESHOO, Mr. GONZALEZ of Ohio, Mr. 
BAIRD, Mrs. BEATTY, Mr. BEYER, Mr. 
BLUMENAUER, 
Ms. 
BONAMICI, 
Mr. 
BROWN, Ms. BROWNLEY, Mr. BURGESS, 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD, Mr. CARBAJAL, Mr. 
CASE, Mr. CASTEN, Mr. COHEN, Mr. 
COLE, Mr. COOPER, Mr. CROW, Ms. 
DELBENE, Mr. ESPAILLAT, Mr. EVANS, 
Mr. FITZPATRICK, Mr. FOSTER, Ms. 
GARCIA of Texas, Mrs. HAYES, Mr. 
HIMES, Ms. HOULAHAN, Ms. KELLY of 
Illinois, Mr. KHANNA, Mr. KILDEE, Mr. 
KILMER, Mr. LAMB, Mr. LANGEVIN, 
Mr. LEVIN of California, Mr. LIEU, 
Mr. LUCAS, Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALO-
NEY of New York, Ms. MATSUI, Mr. 
MCNERNEY, Ms. MENG, Mr. MORELLE, 
Mr. MOULTON, Mrs. MURPHY of Flor-
ida, Mr. NADLER, Ms. NEWMAN, Ms. 
NORTON, Mr. O’HALLERAN, Mr. PERL-
MUTTER, Mr. PETERS, Mr. POCAN, Ms. 
PORTER, Mr. RASKIN, Miss RICE of 
New York, Ms. ROSS, Mr. ROUZER, 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD, Mr. RUSH, Mr. 
RYAN, 
Mr. 
SAN
NICOLAS, 
Ms. 
SA´ NCHEZ, Mr. SARBANES, Ms. SCAN-
LON, Mr. SCHNEIDER, Mr. SHERMAN, 
Mr. 
SMITH
of 
Washington, 
Mr. 
SWALWELL, Mr. TAKANO, Mr. TONKO, 
Mr. TRONE, Ms. UNDERWOOD, Mr. 
VARGAS, Ms. VELA´ ZQUEZ, Mr. WEBER 
of Texas, Mr. WELCH, and Mr. DEFA-
ZIO): 
H.R. 869. A bill to authorize appropriations 
to offset costs resulting from reductions in 
research productivity in connection with the 
Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19), and for 
other 
purposes; 
to 
the 
Committee 
on 
Science, Space, and Technology, and in addi-
tion to the Committees on Agriculture, 
Armed Services, Education and Labor, En-
ergy and Commerce, Natural Resources, and 
Transportation and Infrastructure, for a pe-
riod to be subsequently determined by the 
Speaker, in each case for consideration of 
such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-
tion of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. ESHOO (for herself, Ms. NOR-
TON, Mr. CASE, Mr. THOMPSON of Mis-
sissippi, and Mr. THOMPSON of Cali-
fornia): 
H.R. 870. A bill to require the Federal Com-
munications Commission to update the na-
tional broadband plan, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-
merce. 
By Mrs. FLETCHER: 
H.R. 871. A bill to amend title XIX of the 
Social Security Act to provide a temporary 
increase in FMAP for medical assistance 
under State Medicaid plans which begin to 
expend amounts for newly eligible manda-
tory individuals; to the Committee on En-
ergy and Commerce. 
By Mr. FULCHER (for himself, Mr. 
MASSIE, Mr. NORMAN, Mr. BIGGS, Mr. 
POSEY, Mrs. BOEBERT, Mr. ROY, and 
Mr. BROOKS): 
H.R. 872. A bill to end the practice of in-
cluding more than one subject in a single bill 
by requiring that each bill enacted by Con-
gress be limited to only one subject, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary. 
By Mr. GIBBS (for himself and Mr. 
DUNCAN): 
H.R. 873. A bill to amend the National 
Voter Registration Act of 1993 to prohibit a 
State from registering an individual to vote 
in elections for Federal office held in the 
State unless the individual provides docu-
mentary proof that the individual is a cit-
izen of the United States; to the Committee 
on House Administration. 
By Mr. GOHMERT: 
H.R. 874. A bill to repeal section 230 of the 
Communications Act of 1934 (commonly re-
ferred to as the Communications Decency 
Act) to stop censorship, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-
merce. 
By Mr. GOHMERT: 
H.R. 875. A bill to prohibit United States 
assistance to foreign countries that oppose 
the position of the United States in the 
United Nations; to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs. 
By Mr. GONZALEZ of Ohio (for him-
self, Miss RICE
of New York, Mr. 
JOYCE of Ohio, Mr. FITZPATRICK, and 
Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio): 
H.R. 876. A bill to direct the Under Sec-
retary for Health of the Department of Vet-
erans Affairs to provide certain information 
to Department of Veterans Affairs medical 
center staff and homelessness service pro-
viders regarding the Coordinated Entry pro-
gram, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. HICE of Georgia (for himself, 
Mr. ALLEN, Mr. BABIN, Mr. BROOKS, 
Mr. BUDD, Mr. CARTER of Georgia, 
Mr. CLOUD, Mr. CRAWFORD, Mr. DUN-
CAN, Mr. FERGUSON, Mr. LONG, Mr. 
MOONEY, Mr. NORMAN, Mr. ROSE, Mr. 
CLYDE, Mr. BAIRD, Mr. WEBER
of 
Texas, Mr. GROTHMAN, Mr. JOYCE of 
Pennsylvania, 
Mr. 
WITTMAN, 
Mr. 
HARRIS, Mr. STEUBE, and Mr. COLE): 
H.R. 877. A bill to provide that human life 
shall be deemed to begin with fertilization; 
to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. HUFFMAN (for himself, Ms. 
CHU, and Mr. CARBAJAL): 
H.R. 878. A bill to provide for restoration, 
economic development, recreation, and con-
servation on Federal lands in Northern Cali-
fornia, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Natural Resources. 
By Ms. JAYAPAL (for herself and Mr. 
GUTHRIE): 
H.R. 879. A bill to amend the Child Abuse 
Prevention and Treatment Act with respect 
to infants born with and identified as being 
affected by substance use or withdrawal 
symptoms, Neonatal Abstinence Syndrome, 
or Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorder, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor. 
By Ms. KELLY of Illinois (for herself, 
Ms. NORTON, Ms. MOORE of Wisconsin, 
and Ms. PLASKETT): 
H.R. 880. A bill to amend the Consumer 
Product Safety Act to remove the exclusion 
of pistols, revolvers, and other firearms from 
the definition of consumer product in order 
to permit the issuance of safety standards 
for such articles by the Consumer Product 
Safety Commission; to the Committee on 
Energy and Commerce. 
By Ms. KELLY of Illinois (for herself, 
Mr. RASKIN, Ms. NORTON, Ms. UNDER-
WOOD, Ms. SPEIER, Ms. MOORE of Wis-
consin, Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illi-
nois, 
Ms. 
PLASKETT, 
and 
Mr. 
SWALWELL): 
H.R. 881. A bill to require the Surgeon Gen-
eral of the Public Health Service to submit 
to Congress an annual report on the effects 
of gun violence on public health; to the Com-
mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Ms. KELLY of Illinois (for herself, 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York, Ms. NORTON, Ms. MOORE of Wis-
consin, Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illi-
nois, and Ms. PLASKETT): 
H.R. 882. A bill to amend chapter 44 of title 
18, United States Code, to prohibit the sale 
or other disposition of a firearm to, and the 
possession, shipment, transportation, or re-
ceipt of a firearm by, certain classes of high- 
risk individuals; to the Committee on the 
Judiciary. 
By Mr. LAHOOD (for himself and Mrs. 
MURPHY of Florida): 
H.R. 883. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide a tax credit to 
ensure that businesses are properly cleaned 
and disinfected when ‘‘stay-at-home’’ restric-
tions are lifted and to help prevent further 
infections; to the Committee on Ways and 
Means. 
By Mr. LARSEN of Washington (for 
himself, Mr. BEYER, Ms. JOHNSON of 
Texas, Ms. NORTON, and Mr. CARSON): 
H.R. 884. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Transportation to establish a national avia-
tion preparedness plan for communicable 
disease outbreaks, and for other purposes; to 
the Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure. 
By Mrs. LAWRENCE (for herself, Mr. 
BALDERSON, Mr. QUIGLEY, and Mr. 
JOYCE of Pennsylvania): 
H.R. 885. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide tax credits for 
personal protective equipment to small busi-
nesses, non-profits, independent contractors, 
veterans’ organizations, and farmers, among 
other entities, in any year in which the 
President declares a national emergency re-
lating to COVID-19; to the Committee on 
Ways and Means. 
By Ms. LEE of California (for herself, 
Mr. RUSH, Mr. CARSON, Ms. MENG, Mr. 
SIRES, and Mrs. HAYES): 
H.R. 886. A bill to provide funds through 
the Social Services Block Grant program for 
diaper assistance; to the Committee on Ways 
and Means. 
By Mr. LIEU (for himself, Ms. CHU, and 
Ms. NORTON): 
H.R. 887. A bill to amend the Federal Food, 
Drug, and Cosmetic Act to enhance medical 
device communications and ensure device 
cleanliness; to the Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. 
By Mrs. MILLER of West Virginia (for 
herself, Mr. MOONEY, Mr. MCKINLEY, 
Mr. HUIZENGA, and Mr. GRIFFITH): 
H.R. 888. A bill to amend title 23, United 
States Code, to create a pilot program con-
cerning drugged driving prevention, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on Trans-
portation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. OWENS (for himself, Mr. 
ALLEN, Mr. ADERHOLT, Mrs. LESKO, 
Mr. LAMALFA, Mr. LAMBORN, Mr. 
GAETZ, Mr. POSEY, Mr. WEBSTER of 
Florida, Mr. HICE
of Georgia, Mr. 
BAIRD, Mr. GUTHRIE, Mr. MOOLENAAR, 
Mr. GUEST, Ms. FOXX, Mr. BISHOP of 
North 
Carolina, 
Mr. 
BUDD, 
Mr. 
CHABOT, Mr. JORDAN, Mr. LATTA, Mr. 
STIVERS, Mr. PERRY, Mr. KELLER, Mr. 
JOYCE of Pennsylvania, Mr. WILSON 
of South Carolina, Mr. NORMAN, Mr. 
RICE
of 
South 
Carolina, 
Mr. 
DESJARLAIS, Mr. JACKSON, Mr. WEBER 
of Texas, Mr. CLINE, and Mr. GALLA-
GHER): 
H.R. 889. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to establish tax credits to 
encourage individual and corporate tax-
payers to contribute to scholarships for ele-
mentary and secondary students through eli-
gible scholarship-granting organizations, and 
for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-
mittee on Education and Labor, for a period 
to be subsequently determined by the Speak-
er, in each case for consideration of such pro-
visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00077
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\L05FE7.100
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 76-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H468 
February 5, 2021 
By Mr. QUIGLEY (for himself, Mr. 
FITZPATRICK, 
Ms. 
NORTON, 
Mr. 
BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. PHILLIPS, and Mr. LAWSON
of 
Florida): 
H.R. 890. A bill to require the Adminis-
trator of the Small Business Administration 
to establish a grant program for certain fit-
ness facilities, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Small Business. 
By Miss RICE of New York (for herself 
and Mr. STIVERS): 
H.R. 891. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to increase the deduction 
allowed for student loan interest and to ex-
clude from gross income discharges of in-
come contingent or income-based student 
loan indebtedness; to the Committee on 
Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-
mittee on Education and Labor, for a period 
to be subsequently determined by the Speak-
er, in each case for consideration of such pro-
visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
By Mrs. RODGERS of Washington (for 
herself, Mr. BILIRAKIS, Mr. MULLIN, 
Mr. MCKINLEY, Mr. WALBERG, Mr. 
BURGESS, Mr. CHABOT, Mr. GARCIA of 
California, 
Mr. 
GALLAGHER, 
Mr. 
KELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. PERRY, 
Mrs. 
WAGNER, 
Mr. 
HERN, 
Mr. 
BUCSHON, Mr. UPTON, Mr. HUDSON, 
Mr. TAYLOR, Mr. GROTHMAN, Mr. 
AMODEI, Mr. LATTA, Mr. LONG, Mr. 
ROUZER, 
Mr. 
NEWHOUSE, 
Mr. 
KINZINGER, Mr. CURTIS, Mr. SMITH of 
Missouri, Mr. MURPHY of North Caro-
lina, Ms. STEFANIK, Mr. BALDERSON, 
Mr. BERGMAN, Mrs. HARTZLER, Mr. 
YOUNG, and Mr. GUTHRIE): 
H.R. 892. A bill to amend the Public Health 
Service Act to prohibit application of pre-ex-
isting condition exclusions and to guarantee 
availability of health insurance coverage in 
the individual and group market, contingent 
on the enactment of legislation repealing the 
Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Energy and Commerce, and in addition to 
the Committees on Ways and Means, and 
Education and Labor, for a period to be sub-
sequently determined by the Speaker, in 
each case for consideration of such provi-
sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
By Mr. ROSE (for himself, Mr. BROOKS, 
Mr. FLEISCHMANN, Mr. DESJARLAIS, 
Mr. BIGGS, Mr. BURCHETT, and Mr. 
STEUBE): 
H.R. 893. A bill to amend title 28, United 
States Code, to provide that an appeal of an 
order 
granting 
a 
nationwide 
injunction 
issued by a district court of the United 
States shall lie to the Supreme Court; to the 
Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. ROSENDALE (for himself, Mr. 
GOSAR, Mr. DUNCAN, Mr. WEBER of 
Texas, Mr. HARRIS, Mr. ROY, Mr. NOR-
MAN, Mr. CLYDE, Mr. MOORE of Ala-
bama, Mr. HICE of Georgia, Mr. GOH-
MERT, Mrs. GREENE of Georgia, Mr. 
LAMALFA, Mr. MOONEY, Mr. GOOD of 
Virginia, Mr. GIBBS, Mr. JACKSON, 
Mr. PERRY, and Mr. STEUBE): 
H.R. 894. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to deny the tax exempt sta-
tus for bonds issued by sanctuary jurisdic-
tions; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. ROUZER (for himself and Mr. 
VELA): 
H.R. 895. A bill to provide for assistance to 
rural water, wastewater, and waste disposal 
systems affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Agriculture. 
By Mr. ROY (for himself, Mr. BABIN, 
Mr. DAVIDSON, Mr. BUDD, Mr. WEBER 
of Texas, Mr. STEUBE, Mr. HICE of 
Georgia, Mr. PERRY, Mr. STEWART, 
and Mr. CRENSHAW): 
H.R. 896. A bill to posthumously award a 
Congressional 
Gold 
Medal 
to 
Dr. 
Li 
Wenliang, in recognition of his efforts to 
save lives by drawing awareness to COVID-19 
and his call for transparency in China; to the 
Committee on Financial Services, and in ad-
dition to the Committee on House Adminis-
tration, for a period to be subsequently de-
termined by the Speaker, in each case for 
consideration of such provisions as fall with-
in the jurisdiction of the committee con-
cerned. 
By Mr. RUIZ: 
H.R. 897. A bill to take certain lands in 
California into trust for the benefit of the 
Agua Caliente Band of Cahuilla Indians, and 
for other purposes; to the Committee on Nat-
ural Resources. 
By Mr. RUIZ (for himself and Ms. 
UNDERWOOD): 
H.R. 898. A bill to require group health 
plans and health insurance issuers offering 
group or individual health insurance cov-
erage to provide coverage without any cost 
sharing for certain items and services fur-
nished during any portion of such emergency 
period, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-
dition to the Committees on Ways and 
Means, and Education and Labor, for a pe-
riod to be subsequently determined by the 
Speaker, in each case for consideration of 
such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-
tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. MASSIE (for himself, Mr. DUN-
CAN, Mr. GAETZ, Mr. BIGGS, Mr. NOR-
MAN, Mr. ROY, Mr. HICE of Georgia, 
Mr. BURCHETT, and Mrs. BOEBERT): 
H.R. 899. A bill to terminate the Depart-
ment of Education; to the Committee on 
Education and Labor. 
By 
Ms. 
SPEIER 
(for 
herself, 
Mr. 
NEGUSE, Ms. SCANLON, Mr. GARCI´A of 
Illinois, Ms. NORTON, Mr. VELA, Mr. 
BLUMENAUER, Ms. TLAIB, Mr. CARSON, 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mrs. HAYES, 
Mr. COHEN, Ms. PRESSLEY, Ms. LEE of 
California, Mr. SAN
NICOLAS, Mrs. 
WATSON
COLEMAN, Mr. GOMEZ, Ms. 
NEWMAN, Mr. GRIJALVA, and Mr. 
KHANNA): 
H.R. 900. A bill to amend the Public Health 
Service Act to authorize a program of death 
and hospitalization benefits for essential 
workers who die as a result of COVID-19 or 
related complications, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-
merce, and in addition to the Committee on 
Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-
quently determined by the Speaker, in each 
case for consideration of such provisions as 
fall within the jurisdiction of the committee 
concerned. 
By Mr. STEIL: 
H.R. 901. A bill to prohibit the issuance of 
licenses or other waivers from sanctions im-
posed pursuant to certain authorities relat-
ing to the conduct of Iran, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. STIVERS (for himself and Miss 
RICE of New York): 
H.R. 902. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to expand the exclusion for 
employer-provided 
educational 
assistance 
and to expand the availability of the student 
loan interest deduction; to the Committee on 
Ways and Means. 
By Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi (for 
himself, Ms. DELAURO, Mrs. CAROLYN 
B. MALONEY of New York, Mr. DEFA-
ZIO, Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN, and Ms. 
ROYBAL-ALLARD): 
H.R. 903. A bill to enhance the security op-
erations of the Transportation Security Ad-
ministration and stability of the transpor-
tation security workforce by applying the 
personnel system under title 5, United States 
Code, to employees of the Transportation Se-
curity Administration who provide screening 
of all passengers and property, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Se-
curity, and in addition to the Committee on 
Oversight and Reform, for a period to be sub-
sequently determined by the Speaker, in 
each case for consideration of such provi-
sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
By Mrs. RODGERS of Washington (for 
herself, Mr. NEWHOUSE, Ms. HERRERA 
BEUTLER, 
Mr. 
FULCHER, and Mr. 
SIMPSON): 
H. Con. Res. 15. Concurrent resolution ex-
pressing the sense of Congress that hydro-
power is an essential renewable resource and 
the United States should protect existing hy-
dropower resources; to the Committee on En-
ergy and Commerce. 
By Mr. BROWN (for himself and Ms. 
MOORE of Wisconsin): 
H. Res. 102. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives regard-
ing the 6888th Central Postal Directory Bat-
talion and celebrating Black History Month; 
to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Ms. CHU (for herself, Mrs. BEATTY, 
Mr. RUIZ, Mrs. NAPOLITANO, Mr. CAR-
SON, Mr. ESPAILLAT, Mr. RUSH, Ms. 
STRICKLAND, Mr. TRONE, Mr. HAS-
TINGS, Ms. SEWELL, Ms. OMAR, Mr. 
KHANNA, Mr. EVANS, Ms. BASS, Mr. 
COOPER, Ms. LEE of California, Mr. 
MCGOVERN, Mrs. TORRES
of Cali-
fornia, Mr. TAKANO, Mr. BROWN, Ms. 
JACKSON LEE, Ms. WILLIAMS of Geor-
gia, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY, Mr. PAYNE, Mr. 
CROW, Mrs. WATSON
COLEMAN, Ms. 
MENG, Mr. BLUMENAUER, Mr. MEEKS, 
Mr. DESAULNIER, Ms. CLARK of Mas-
sachusetts, 
Ms. 
NORTON, 
Mr. 
AUCHINCLOSS, Mr. LOWENTHAL, Mr. 
GREEN of Texas, Ms. VELA´ ZQUEZ, Mr. 
POCAN, 
Ms. 
ROYBAL-ALLARD, 
Mr. 
CA´ RDENAS, 
Ms. 
ESCOBAR, 
Ms. 
BARRAGA´ N, Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Il-
linois, Ms. TLAIB, Mrs. HAYES, Mr. 
TORRES of New York, Mr. LARSEN of 
Washington, 
Mr. 
SIRES, 
Ms. 
BONAMICI, and Mr. COSTA): 
H. Res. 103. A resolution condemning the 
bigotry that was displayed and voiced during 
the January 6th siege of the United States 
Capitol, the prominent role played by White 
supremacists and domestic terrorists in 
planning and leading the siege, and the elect-
ed officials who encouraged them; to the 
Committee on House Administration, and in 
addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, 
for a period to be subsequently determined 
by the Speaker, in each case for consider-
ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-
risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. DINGELL (for herself, Mr. 
KHANNA, Mr. BOWMAN, Ms. BARRAGA´ N, 
Ms. CLARKE of New York, Ms. LEE of 
California, 
Mr. 
BLUMENAUER, 
Mr. 
BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. GRIJALVA, Mr. MCEACHIN, Ms. 
JAYAPAL, and Ms. DELAURO): 
H. Res. 104. A resolution recognizing the 
duty of the Federal Government to imple-
ment an agenda to Transform, Heal, and 
Renew by Investing in a Vibrant Economy 
(‘‘THRIVE’’); to the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor, and in addition to the 
Committees 
on 
Energy 
and 
Commerce, 
Transportation and Infrastructure, Natural 
Resources, and Agriculture, for a period to 
be subsequently determined by the Speaker, 
in each case for consideration of such provi-
sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
By Mr. GIBBS (for himself and Mr. 
WEBER of Texas): 
H. Res. 105. A resolution reaffirming that 
voting is a fundamental right of all eligible 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00078
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\L05FE7.100
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 77-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H469 
February 5, 2021 
United States citizens and recognizing that 
allowing illegal immigrants the right to vote 
devalues the franchise and diminishes the 
voting power of United States citizens; to 
the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI: 
H. Res. 106. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives regard-
ing the establishment of a National Day of 
Remembrance; to the Committee on Over-
sight and Reform. 
By Ms. LEE of California: 
H. Res. 107. A resolution supporting the 
goals and ideals of ‘‘National Black HIV/ 
AIDS Awareness Day’’; to the Committee on 
Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. LYNCH (for himself, Mrs. CARO-
LYN B. MALONEY of New York, Mr. 
CONNOLLY, and Mrs. LAWRENCE): 
H. Res. 108. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives that 
the dedicated employees of the United States 
Postal Service are frontline essential work-
ers and must be prioritized accordingly for 
the purposes of the COVID-19 vaccination 
program and State vaccine distribution 
plans; to the Committee on Energy and Com-
merce. 
By Mrs. MURPHY of Florida (for her-
self, Mr. JOYCE of Ohio, Mr. DIAZ- 
BALART, Ms. MOORE of Wisconsin, Mr. 
BISHOP
of Georgia, Mr. MCKINLEY, 
Mr. MCCAUL, Mr. FITZPATRICK, Mr. 
RUSH, Mr. KAHELE, Ms. JACKSON LEE, 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO, Mr. PAPPAS, Mr. 
MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. VAN DREW, Mr. HASTINGS, Mr. 
COHEN, Mr. COSTA, Mr. DEUTCH, Mr. 
LARSON
of 
Connecticut, 
Mr. 
KRISHNAMOORTHI, 
Mr. 
CASE, 
Mr. 
LYNCH, Mr. GRIJALVA, Mr. SUOZZI, 
Ms. 
WEXTON, 
Mrs. 
DEMINGS, 
Ms. 
CRAIG, Mr. YOUNG, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY, 
Mr. CROW, Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio, Mr. 
SAN
NICOLAS, 
Mr. 
STIVERS, 
Mr. 
VALADAO, Mr. PAYNE, Mr. LANGEVIN, 
and Mr. CICILLINE): 
H. Res. 109. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives that 
the United States Postal Service should take 
all appropriate measures to ensure the con-
tinuation of door delivery for all business 
and residential customers; to the Committee 
on Oversight and Reform. 
By Mr. THOMPSON of California (for 
himself and Mr. JOYCE of Ohio): 
H. Res. 110. A resolution expressing support 
for the designation of February 7 to 13, 2021, 
as ‘‘National Burn Awareness Week’’; to the 
Committee on Oversight and Reform. 
f 
PRIVATE BILLS AND 
RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY introduced a bill 
(H.R. 904) for the relief of Mariana 
Ndudzi; which was referred to the 
Committee on the Judiciary. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-
tives, the following statements are sub-
mitted regarding the specific powers 
granted to Congress in the Constitu-
tion to enact the accompanying bill or 
joint resolution. 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: 
H.R. 18. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
bill is based is Congress’s power under the 
Spending Clause in Article I, Section 8 of the 
Constitution. 
By Mr. GOSAR: 
H.R. 855. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. TIFFANY: 
H.R. 856. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the 
United States Constitution, to provide for 
the general welfare and make all laws nec-
essary and proper to carry out the powers of 
Congress. 
By Mr. BACON: 
H.R. 857. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
United States Constitution Article I Sec-
tion 8: 
‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, 
to pay the Debts and provide for the common 
Defence and general Welfare of the United 
States . . .’’ 
‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-
tions . . .’’ 
‘‘To make all Laws which shall be nec-
essary and proper for carrying into Execu-
tion the foregoing Powers, and all other 
Powers vested by this Constitution in the 
Government of the United States, or in any 
Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
By Mr. ARRINGTON: 
H.R. 858. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18; and 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 of the Con-
stitution of the United States 
By Mrs. BOEBERT: 
H.R. 859. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (the Prop-
erty Clause). 
Under this clause, Congress has the power 
to dispose of and make all needful rules and 
regulations respecting the territory or other 
property belonging to the United States. By 
virtue of this enumerated power, Congress 
has governing authority over the lands, ter-
ritories, or other property of the United 
States—and with this authority Congress is 
vested with the power to all owners in fee, 
the ability to sell, lease, dispose, exchange, 
convey, or simply preserve land. The Su-
preme Court has described this enumerated 
grant as one ‘‘without limitation’’ Kleppe v 
New Mexico, 426 U.S. 529, 542–543 (1976) (‘‘And 
while the furthest reaches of the power 
granted by the Property Clause have not 
been definitely resolved, we have repeatedly 
observed that the power over the public land 
thus entrusted to Congress is without limita-
tion.’’) The exchange codified by this legisla-
tion is thus constitutional. 
By Mr. BABIN: 
H.R. 860. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
clause 18 of section 8 of article 1 of the 
Constitution: ‘‘To make all laws which shall 
be necessary and proper for carrying into 
execution of foregoing powers, and all other 
powers vested by this Constitution in the 
government of the United States, or in any 
department or officer thereof.’’ 
By Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER: 
H.R. 861. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, clause 3 
Article I, Section 8, clause 18 
By Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER: 
H.R. 862. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, clause 3 
Article I, Section 8, clause 18 
By Mr. BROOKS: 
H.R. 863. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. BROOKS: 
H.R. 864. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. BROOKS: 
H.R. 865. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. CALVERT: 
H.R. 866. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-
cle I, Section 8 of the United States Con-
stitution, specifically clause 1 and clause 18. 
By Mr. COSTA: 
H.R. 867. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
under Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the 
United States Constitution. 
By Ms. DEAN: 
H.R. 868. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Ms. DEGETTE: 
H.R. 869. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Ms. ESHOO: 
R.R. 870. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion 
By Mrs. FLETCHER: 
H.R. 871. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article l, section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. FULCHER: 
H.R. 872. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. GIBBS: 
H.R. 873. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 4, Clause 1: The Times, 
Places, and Manner of holding Elections for 
Senators and Representatives, shall be pre-
scribed by each state by the legislature 
thereof; but the Congress may at any time 
by Law make or such Regulations, except as 
to the Places of Chusing Senators 
By Mr. GOHMERT: 
H.R. 874. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article One, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. GOHMERT: 
H.R. 875. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Under Article I, Section 8, Clause 18; The 
Congress shall have Power . . . To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for 
carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-
ers; and all other Powers vested by the Con-
stitution in the Government of the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:29 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00079
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\L05FE7.100
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 78-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H470 
February 5, 2021 
States, or in any Department or Officer 
thereof. 
Under Article I, Section 9, Clause 7: No 
Money shall be drawn from the Treasury but 
in Consequence of Appropriations made by 
Law; and a regular Statement and Account 
of the Receipts and Expenditures of all pub-
lic Money shall be published from time to 
time. 
By Mr. GONZALEZ of Ohio: 
H.R. 876. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-
stitution stating that Congress has the au-
thority to ‘‘make all laws which shall be nec-
essary and proper for carrying into execution 
the foregoing powers, and all other powers 
vested by Constitution.’’ 
By Mr. HICE of Georgia: 
H.R. 877. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S. 
Constitution states: 
The Congress shall have the power ‘‘to 
make all laws which shall be necessary and 
proper for carrying into execution the fore-
going powers, and all other powers vested by 
this Constitution in the government of the 
United States, or in any department of offi-
cer thereof.’’ 
Additionally, Section 1 of the XIV Amend-
ment states, ‘‘ . . . nor shall any State de-
prive any person of life, liberty, or property, 
without due process of law . . .’’ and under 
Section 5 of the XIV Amendment, ‘‘The Con-
gress shall have power to enforce, by appro-
priate legislation, the provisions of this arti-
cle.’’ 
By Mr. HUFFMAN: 
H.R. 878. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, clause 2 
By Ms. JAYAPAL: 
H.R. 879. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I of the 
United States Constitution and its subse-
quent amendments, and further clarified and 
interpreted by the Supreme Court of the 
United States. 
By Ms. KELLY of Illinois: 
H.R. 880. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of section 8 of article 1 of the 
Constitution 
By Ms. KELLY of Illinois: 
H.R. 881. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of section 8 of article 1 of the 
Constitution 
By Ms. KELLY of Illinois: 
H.R. 882. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of section 8 of article l of the 
Constitution 
By Mr. LAHOOD: 
H.R. 883. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
ARTICLE I, SECTION 8, CLAUSE 1 
The Congress shall have Power to lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises. 
By Mr. LARSEN of Washington: 
H.R. 884. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section I—All legislative Powers 
herein granted shall be vested in a Congress 
of the United States, which shall consist of a 
Senate and House of Representatives. 
By Mrs. LAWRENCE: 
H.R. 885. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article l Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-
stitution of the United States. 
By Ms. LEE of California: 
H.R. 886. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-
stitution 
By Mr. LIEU: 
H.R. 887. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Pursuant to Article 1, Section 8. 
By Mrs. MILLER of West Virginia: 
H.R. 888. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 
By Mr. OWENS: 
H.R. 889. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
United States Constitution and Clause 18 of 
Section 8 of Article I of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. QUIGLEY: 
H.R. 890. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. 
Constitution 
By Miss RICE of New York: 
H.R. 891. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mrs. RODGERS of Washington: 
H.R. 892. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Mr. ROSE: 
H.R. 893. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Mr. ROSENDALE: 
H.R. 894. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
bill rests is the power of Congress to lay and 
collect taxes as enumerated in Article I, Sec-
tion 8, Clause 1 of the United States Con-
stitution. 
By Mr. ROUZER: 
H.R. 895. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Mr. ROY: 
H.R. 896. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Mr. RUIZ: 
H.R. 897. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the 
United States Constitution, to provide for 
the general welfare and make all laws nec-
essary and proper to carry out the powers of 
Congress. 
By Mr. RUIZ: 
H.R. 898. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the 
United States Constitution, to provide for 
the general welfare and make all laws nec-
essary and proper to carry out the powers of 
Congress. 
By Mr. MASSIE: 
H.R. 899. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the United States 
Constitution sets forth Congress’s enumer-
ated powers, and the Tenth Amendment to 
the U.S. Constitution states that the powers 
not delegated to the United States by the 
Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the 
states, are reserved to the states respec-
tively, or to the people. 
By Ms. SPEIER: 
H.R. 900. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Mr. STEIL: 
H.R. 901. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8 
By Mr. STIVERS: 
H.R. 902. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause I 
The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, 
to pay the Debts and provide for the common 
Defence and general Welfare of the United 
States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises 
shall be uniform throughout the United 
States 
By Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi: 
H.R. 903. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: 
H.R. 904. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 3 and 18. 
The Congress shall have Power . . . To reg-
ulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and 
among the several States, and with the In-
dian Tribes. 
To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the 
foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-
ed by this Constitution in the Government of 
the United States, or in any Department or 
Officer thereof 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-
tions, as follows: 
H.R. 1: Mr. HOYER, Mr. CLYBURN, Mr. 
SCHIFF, Mr. SMITH
of Washington, Mr. 
ESPAILLAT, Mr. SIRES, Mr. HASTINGS, Ms. 
ADAMS, Mr. BERA, Mr. CARSON, Mr. KIM of 
New Jersey, Mr. LEVIN
of Michigan, Ms. 
KUSTER, Ms. ESHOO, Mr. FOSTER, Mr. RUSH, 
Mr. SCHNEIDER, Mr. SHERMAN, Mrs. LAW-
RENCE, Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. HIGGINS of New York, Mr. PAPPAS, 
Ms. BUSH, Mr. PRICE of North Carolina, Mr. 
DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. TRONE, Mr. 
PHILLIPS, Ms. HAALAND, Ms. WASSERMAN 
SCHULTZ, 
Ms. 
ROSS, 
Mr. 
KILMER, 
Ms. 
DEGETTE, Mr. BEYER, Mr. NORCROSS, Mr. 
EVANS, Mr. BLUMENAUER, Mr. CASE, Mr. CON-
NOLLY, Ms. MENG, Mr. JEFFRIES, Mr. JOHNSON 
of Georgia, Ms. OMAR, Mr. RASKIN, Ms. SCHA-
KOWSKY, Mr. GOLDEN, Mr. HUFFMAN, Mr. NAD-
LER, Mr. COOPER, Mr. GOMEZ, Mr. PANETTA, 
Mr. COURTNEY, Mr. MORELLE, Mrs. BEATTY, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:29 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00080
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.028
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 79-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H471 
February 5, 2021 
Mr. VARGAS, Ms. CHU, Ms. BROWNLEY, Mr. 
KAHELE, Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Ms. 
CASTOR of Florida, Ms. MANNING, Mr. MFUME, 
Ms. UNDERWOOD, Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER, Ms. 
LOIS FRANKEL of Florida, Mrs. TRAHAN, Mr. 
CORREA, Ms. DEAN, Ms. KAPTUR, Ms. NEW-
MAN, Mr. DESAULNIER, Mr. QUIGLEY, Mr. 
THOMPSON
of California, Mr. JONES, Ms. 
BARRAGA´ N, Ms. WILLIAMS of Georgia, Mrs. 
TORRES
of California, Mr. DEFAZIO, Mr. 
WELCH, Ms. JAYAPAL, Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI, 
Mr. GRIJALVA, Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Ms. 
DELAURO, Mr. GALLEGO, Mr. BISHOP of Geor-
gia, Ms. JACOBS of California, Mr. CASTEN, 
Ms. DAVIDS of Kansas, Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. 
COHEN, Mr. HORSFORD, Ms. WILD, Mrs. LEE of 
Nevada, Ms. DELBENE, Ms. BONAMICI, Mr. 
DEUTCH, 
Ms. 
LEGER
FERNANDEZ, 
Mr. 
MALINOWSKI, Mrs. DEMINGS, Ms. ESCOBAR, 
Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. LOWENTHAL, 
Ms. CRAIG, Mr. BROWN, Ms. PRESSLEY, Ms. 
LEE
of California, Ms. MCCOLLUM, Mr. 
KEATING, Mr. PASCRELL, Mrs. WATSON COLE-
MAN, Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York, 
Ms. PINGREE, Ms. HOULAHAN, Mrs. AXNE, Mr. 
KILDEE, Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
CICILLINE, Mrs. DINGELL, Mr. PAYNE, Mr. 
RUPPERSBERGER, Mr. PERLMUTTER, Ms. JOHN-
SON of Texas, Ms. NORTON, Mr. SWALWELL, 
Mr. VELA, Mr. PALLONE, Mrs. NAPOLITANO, 
Mr. STANTON, Ms. MOORE of Wisconsin, Mr. 
CUELLAR, Ms. SPEIER, Mrs. HAYES, Mr. 
AUCHINCLOSS, Mr. CROW, Mr. HIMES, Mr. 
MCGOVERN, Mr. CASTRO of Texas, Mr. HARD-
ER of California, Ms. BASS, Ms. PORTER, Ms. 
SCHRIER, Ms. SA´ NCHEZ, Mr. VEASEY, Mr. 
POCAN, Mr. TAKANO, Ms. SCANLON, Mr. MI-
CHAEL
F. 
DOYLE
of 
Pennsylvania, 
Ms. 
VELA´ ZQUEZ, Mr. TONKO, Ms. TLAIB, Mr. RUIZ, 
Mr. LARSEN of Washington, Mr. TORRES of 
New York, Mr. KIND, Mr. CARBAJAL, Mr. 
SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. 
MOULTON, Ms. PLASKETT, Mr. LYNCH, Mr. 
LIEU, Ms. SEWELL, Mr. SUOZZI, Mr. RYAN, Mr. 
CA´ RDENAS, Mr. VICENTE GONZALEZ of Texas, 
Mr. SCOTT
of Virginia, Mr. ALLRED, Mr. 
LAMB, Mr. SOTO, Mr. BUTTERFIELD, Ms. STE-
VENS, Mr. MCNERNEY, Mr. COSTA, Mr. LAN-
GEVIN, Mr. NEGUSE, Mr. GARAMENDI, Mr. LAR-
SON of Connecticut, Mr. YARMUTH, Mr. DOG-
GETT, Mrs. MCBATH, Mr.CARTWRIGHT, MS. 
WATERS, Mr. PETERS, Ms. OCASIO-CORTEZ, 
Mrs. 
KIRKPATRICK, 
Mr. 
DELGADO, 
Ms. 
BOURDEAUX, Mr. CRIST, Mrs. BUSTOS, Ms. 
TITUS, 
Ms. 
MATSUI, 
Mr. 
CLEAVER, 
Mr. 
MRVAN, Mr. MEEKS, Mr. BOWMAN, Mr. GARCI´A 
of Illinois, Mrs. FLETCHER, Ms. ROYBAL- 
ALLARD, Ms. STRICKLAND, Mr. LEVIN of Cali-
fornia, Mr. AGUILAR, Mr. KHANNA, Mr. 
THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. SCHRADER, Mr. 
NEAL, Ms. GARCIA of Texas, and Miss RICE of 
New York. 
H.R. 24: Mr. CLOUD. 
H.R. 38: Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. 
H.R. 40: Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, Mr. KIM of 
New Jersey, and Ms. KUSTER. 
H.R. 82: Mr. SUOZZI, Mr. SIRES, and Ms. 
MENG. 
H.R. 85: Mr. HARRIS and Mrs. MCCLAIN. 
H.R. 140: Mr. ROSENDALE, Mrs. BOEBERT, 
Mr. JACKSON, Mr. CARTER
of Texas, Mr. 
ALLEN, 
Mr. 
CHABOT, 
Mr. 
CLYDE, 
Mr. 
CAWTHORN, and Mr. PALMER. 
H.R. 157: Mr. CASTRO of Texas, Ms. GARCIA 
of Texas, Mr. VARGAS, Ms. BROWNLEY, MS. 
LEE of California, Ms. NORTON, and Mr. GRI-
JALVA. 
H.R. 233: Mr. TAYLOR, Mr. HERN, and Mr. 
VICENTE GONZALEZ of Texas. 
H.R. 263: Mrs. BUSTOS, Mr. SHERMAN, Mr. 
O’HALLERAN, Mr. LEVIN
of Michigan, Ms. 
GARCIA
of Texas, Mr. PERLMUTTER, Ms. 
DEAN, Ms. CLARK
of Massachusetts, Ms. 
SALAZAR, Mr. CORREA, and Ms. NEWMAN. 
H.R. 273: Mr. DEFAZIO. 
H.R. 275: Mrs. MILLER-MEEKS. 
H.R. 279: Ms. NEWMAN. 
H.R. 284: Ms. ADAMS and Ms. CASTOR of 
Florida. 
H.R. 310: Mr. SAN NICOLAS and Ms. SEWELL. 
H.R. 315: Mr. VELA and Mrs. AXNE. 
H.R. 322: Mr. KELLER and Mr. PALAZZO. 
H.R. 337: Mr. CASE and Mr. MOULTON. 
H.R. 347: Mr. YARMUTH, Mr. SIRES, and Mr. 
POCAN. 
H.R. 377: Mr. ALLEN. 
H.R. 378: Mr. ALLEN. 
H.R. 395: Mr. FULCHER. 
H.R. 410: Mrs. WATSON
COLEMAN, Mr. 
PAYNE, Mr. LOWENTHAL, and Mrs. BUSTOS. 
H.R. 431: Mr. WITTMAN, Ms. MCCOLLUM, and 
Ms. PLASKETT. 
H.R. 435: Mr. ESPAILLAT, Mr. BOWMAN, Mr. 
JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. GARCI´A of Illinois, 
Mr. LOWENTHAL, and Mr. HASTINGS. 
H.R. 446: Mrs. AXNE and Ms. JACKSON LEE. 
H.R. 469: Mr. RASKIN, Mr. MCGOVERN, and 
Mr. JONES. 
H.R. 482: Mr. GRIJALVA, Ms. UNDERWOOD, 
Ms. JACKSON LEE, Ms. CHU, Mr. COLE, and 
Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. 
H.R. 488: Mr. FULCHER. 
H.R. 504: Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 508: Mrs. NAPOLITANO. 
H.R. 509: Mrs. NAPOLITANO. 
H.R. 510: Mrs. NAPOLITANO. 
H.R. 511: Mrs. NAPOLITANO. 
H.R. 512: Ms. NEWMAN, Mr. CARSON, and 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. 
H.R. 523: Mrs. HAYES and Mr. SIRES. 
H.R. 529: Mr. POCAN, Mr. HASTINGS, and Ms. 
GARCIA of Texas. 
H.R. 530: Mr. POCAN, Mr. HASTINGS, and Ms. 
GARCIA of Texas. 
H.R. 531: Mr. POCAN, Mr. HASTINGS, and Ms. 
GARCIA of Texas. 
H.R. 532: Mr. MOOLENAAR, Mr. GUEST, Mr. 
MURPHY of North Carolina, and Mr. PFLUGER. 
H.R. 539: Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. 
H.R. 544: Mr. MORELLE and Ms. CHU. 
H.R. 545: Mr. YARMUTH. 
H.R. 547: Mr. ARMSTRONG, Mr. BAIRD, Mrs. 
HINSON, Mr. SMITH
of Nebraska, and Mr. 
LATTA. 
H.R. 549: Mr. BLUMENAUER, Mr. SAN NICO-
LAS, and Mr. CARSON. 
H.R. 553: Mr. LAMB. 
H.R. 558: Mr. MURPHY of North Carolina. 
H.R. 565: Mr. WALTZ. 
H.R. 572: Ms. BONAMICI, Ms. DEGETTE, and 
Ms. ADAMS. 
H.R. 586: Ms. VELA´ ZQUEZ and Mr. SIRES. 
H.R. 591: Mr. TIFFANY, Mr. MURPHY
of 
North Carolina, Mr. DESJARLAIS, and Mr. 
FULCHER. 
H.R. 593: Mr. FITZPATRICK. 
H.R. 594: Ms. NORTON. 
H.R. 613: Mr. ZELDIN, Mr. SEAN PATRICK 
MALONEY of New York, Mr. GARCIA of Cali-
fornia, Ms. MALLIOTAKIS, Mr. PANETTA, Mr. 
SWALWELL, Mr. HIGGINS of New York, Mr. 
LARSON of Connecticut, Mr. BOWMAN, Mr. 
MALINOWSKI, Mr. VAN DREW, Mr. HIMES, Ms. 
MENG, Mr. ESPAILLAT, Ms. NORTON, and Mr. 
DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 622: Mr. CAWTHORN and Mr. SAN NICO-
LAS. 
H.R. 648: Mr. CLOUD and Mr. MURPHY of 
North Carolina. 
H.R. 651: Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 653: Ms. CHU and Mr. SWALWELL. 
H.R. 669: Mr. CLEAVER. 
H.R. 677: Mr. HAGEDORN, Mr. BARR, and Mr. 
JOHNSON of South Dakota. 
H.R. 682: Mr. BURGESS. 
H.R. 684: Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia and 
Mr. FULCHER. 
H.R. 685: Ms. WILD, Mr. PAYNE, Mr. 
ESPAILLAT, Mr. KEATING, and Mr. MCGOVERN. 
H.R. 700: Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois, 
Ms. NEWMAN, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY, Ms. UNDER-
WOOD, MRS. BUSTOS, and Mr. CASTEN. 
H.R. 707: Ms. JAYAPAL, Mr. CARTER
of 
Texas, and Mr. MOOLENAAR. 
H.R. 713: Mr. WEBSTER of Florida and Mr. 
LATURNER. 
H.R. 714: Mr. WEBSTER of Florida and Mr. 
LATURNER. 
H.R. 715: Mr. WEBSTER of Florida and Mr. 
LATURNER. 
H.R. 716: Mr. WEBSTER of Florida and Mr. 
LATURNER. 
H.R. 717: Mr. WEBSTER of Florida and Mr. 
LATURNER. 
H.R. 718: Mr. WEBSTER of Florida and Mr. 
LATURNER. 
H.R. 725: Mr. RESCHENTHALER. 
H.R. 738: Mr. VELA. 
H.R. 740: Mrs. NAPOLITANO. 
H.R. 755: Mr. DAVIDSON. 
H.R. 758: Mr. BARR, Mr. FERGUSON, Mr. 
MOONEY, Ms. HERRELL, Mr. BROOKS, Mr. 
MCKINLEY, 
Mrs. 
HARSHBARGER, 
and 
Mr. 
NEWHOUSE. 
H.R. 779: Mr. HOYER. 
H.R. 790: Mr. BURGESS. 
H.R. 791: Mr. TONKO and Mr. RASKIN. 
H.R. 792: Ms. JOHNSON of Texas. 
H.R. 793: Mr. BEYER, Ms. BONAMICI, Mr. 
BRENDAN
F. BOYLE
of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
CASE, Mr. COOPER, Mr. COSTA, Ms. CRAIG, 
Mrs. DEMINGS, Mr. DEUTCH, Mrs. DINGELL, 
Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania, Mrs. 
FLETCHER, Mr. GARBARINO, Mr. VICENTE GON-
ZALEZ of Texas, Mr. HIGGINS of New York, 
Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. KEATING, Ms. KELLY of 
Illinois, Mr. KILMER, Mrs. KIRKPATRICK, Mr. 
LANGEVIN, Mr. LOWENTHAL, Mr. MALINOWSKI, 
Ms. MALLIOTAKIS, Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
of New York, Mr. MCGOVERN, Mr. NEGUSE, 
Mr. O’HALLERAN, Mr. PANETTA, Mr. PERL-
MUTTER, Ms. PINGREE, Ms. PLASKETT, Mr. 
RUPPERSBERGER, Ms. SEWELL, Mr. SHERMAN, 
Mr. SMITH of Washington, Ms. SPANBERGER, 
MR. STANTON, Mr. SUOZZI, Mr. THOMPSON of 
Mississippi, Ms. TITUS, Mr. TONKO, Mrs. 
TRAHAN, Ms. UNDERWOOD, Mr. WELCH, Ms. 
WILD, Mr. YARMUTH, Mr. GRIJALVA, Mr. 
RYAN, Mr. PALLONE, Ms. DEAN, Mr. PAS-
CRELL, Mr. COHEN, Mr. GOMEZ, Ms. LEE of 
California, Mr. CICILLINE, Mrs. MCBATH, Ms. 
STRICKLAND, Ms. SCANLON, Mr. VARGAS, Mr. 
EVANS, Miss RICE of New York, Ms. MENG, 
MR. LAWSON of Florida, Mrs. NAPOLITANO, 
Mr. DEFAZIO, Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois, 
and Mr. RASKIN. 
H.R. 795: Mr. FITZPATRICK, Mr. LARSON of 
Connecticut, Ms. SPEIER, Ms. LEE. of Cali-
fornia, Ms. KUSTER, and Mr. RUSH. 
H.R. 804: Ms. BASS. 
H.R. 818: Mr. RESCHENTHALER. 
H.R. 835: Mr. JONES. 
H.R. 837: Mrs. LESKO, Mr. ROUZER, and Mr. 
WILSON of South Carolina. 
H.R. 841: Mr. YARMUTH. 
H.R. 842: Mr. SAN NICOLAS, Ms. LOFGREN, 
and Ms. STRICKLAND. 
H.R. 852: Mr. PANETTA, Mr. STANTON, Ms. 
MENG, Ms. LOIS FRANKEL of Florida, Mr. 
SUOZZI, Mr. BUDD, Mr. DESJARLAIS, and Mr. 
FITZPATRICK. 
H.J. Res. 3: Mr. GRIFFITH. 
H.J. Res. 22: Mr. CROW. 
H.J. Res. 24: Mr. JACKSON and Mrs. MILLER 
of Illinois. 
H. 
Res. 
47: 
Mr. 
CASTEN, 
Mr. 
RESCHENTHALER, and Mr. JONES. 
H. Res. 66: Mr. GARBARINO, Mr. GRAVES of 
Louisiana, and Mr. CHABOT. 
H. Res. 71: Mr. FEENSTRA, Mr. LUCAS, Mr. 
LAMB, Mr. HASTINGS, and Mr. FULCHER. 
H. Res. 81: Mr. RESCHENTHALER. 
f 
DELETION OF SPONSORS FROM 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were deleted from public bills and reso-
lutions, as follows: 
H.R. 804: Mr. ALLRED. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:21 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00081
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A05FE7.018
H05FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 80-
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E111 
February 5, 2021 
INTRODUCTION OF THE NATIONAL 
BURN AWARENESS WEEK RESO-
LUTION 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 5, 2021 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Madam 
Speaker, I rise today in recognition of National 
Burn Awareness Week and the incredible 
work that the American Burn Association is 
doing to promote burn awareness, treatment, 
rehabilitation, research and prevention. 
About 400,000 people are treated for burn 
injuries every year. Today, thanks to medical 
advances and greater education and aware-
ness, almost 97 percent of those who suffer a 
burn injury survive. However, many are left se-
riously scarred or with life-long physical dis-
abilities. That’s why the American Burn Asso-
ciation launched National Burn Awareness 
Week to spread awareness about the serious-
ness of burn injuries and the steps each of us 
can take to prevent them. 
The theme of this year’s National Burn 
Awareness Week is electrical safety. Here are 
a few tips that can keep you and your family 
safe. First, always plug major appliances di-
rectly into a wall socket instead of using ex-
tension cords or power strips and always 
check cords for cracked or frayed sockets, 
loose or bare wire and loose connections be-
fore use. This is especially important around 
water, as electric current from a dock or mari-
na’s power supply can cause nearby swim-
mers to become incapacitated and drown due 
to electric shock. In addition, never keep bat-
teries in your pocket because they can short 
circuit when the positive and negative ends 
come into contact, either directly with each 
other or indirectly through other metal objects. 
Madam Speaker, we can prevent burn inju-
ries by taking simple, commonsense preven-
tive measures. It is therefore fitting and proper 
that this Congress designates the week of 
February 7–13, 2021 as National Burn Aware-
ness Week. 
f 
RECOGNIZING 
SAMUEL 
HOWARD 
ON 
BEING 
NAMED 
THE 
2021 
YOUTH MALE CITIZEN OF THE 
YEAR 
BY 
THE 
LAPEER 
AREA 
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE 
HON. LISA C. McCLAIN 
OF MICHIGAN 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 5, 2021 
Mrs. MCCLAIN. Madam Speaker, I rise to 
recognize Samuel Howard on being named 
the 2021 Youth Male Citizen of the Year by 
the Lapeer Area Chamber of Commerce. 
Samuel is a founding member of the Lapeer 
Youth Council and the Lapeer City Super-
heroes. He was also involved with the LINKS 
peer-to-peer mentoring and support program 
for students on the Autism spectrum, as well 
as a volunteer for the Forever Friends Autism 
Resource Center bottle drive fundraiser, the 
annual Salvation Army Red Kettle bell ringing 
fundraiser, and the Lapeer High School Angel 
Closet cleanout. Through all this Samuel has 
been able to maintain a 4.2 GPA, ranking him 
7th in his class. I thank Samuel for his tireless 
dedication and selfless service to the Lapeer 
Community. 
f 
RECOGNIZING 
MR. 
JOSEPH 
H. 
NEELY, JR. AS THE OKALOOSA 
COUNTY, FLORID EDUCATIONAL 
SUPPORT 
PROFESSIONAL 
OF 
THE YEAR 
HON. MATT GAETZ 
OF FLORIDA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 5, 2021 
Mr. GAETZ. Madam Speaker, I rise to rec-
ognize Mr. Joseph H. Neely, Jr. as the 
Okaloosa County Educational Support Profes-
sional of the Year. For eighteen years Mr. 
Neely has served the Okaloosa County School 
District with exceptional passion and an un-
wavering commitment to serving others. 
In Northwest Florida, we are fortunate to 
have some of the best teachers in the Nation. 
It is recognized that the position of custodian 
can be difficult—but also rewarding. Mr. Neely 
has performed his many duties without hesi-
tation, while always providing a friendly smile 
for everyone he encounters. 
Mr. Neely is revered by his Principal and 
colleagues for his strong work ethic and com-
passion. He selflessly considers the needs of 
both students and staff because of the im-
mense pride he has for his school. 
His support and outreach extend far beyond 
the hearts and minds of his own students dur-
ing school hours through his willingness to 
help wherever assistance is needed. Mr. 
Neely has displayed dedicated teamwork by 
coordinating the cleanup of events. He is also 
the head football and baseball coach at Meigs 
Middle School, teaching the importance of 
sportsmanship to his students. I commend him 
for his steadfast willingness to serve as an ex-
ample for those who matter most—the stu-
dents and youth of our Nation. 
For all of his admirable contributions to our 
community, I am truly proud to have Mr. Neely 
as a constituent in Florida’s First Congres-
sional District. 
Madam Speaker, on behalf of the United 
States Congress, I am privileged to recognize 
Mr. Joseph H. Neely, Jr. for his many accom-
plishments, and his commitment to excellence, 
professionalism, innovation, and collaboration 
in the Okaloosa County School District. I thank 
him for his service and wish him all the best 
for his continued success. 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. SAMUEL 
MOON 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 5, 2021 
Ms. JOHNSON of Texas. Madam Speaker, 
I rise today, on the occasion of the Lunar New 
Year, to recognize and congratulate Mr. Sam-
uel Moon on his impressive tenure as Presi-
dent of the Sam Moon Group. Mr. Samuel 
Moon’s keen business acumen has played a 
critical role in the development of the Texas 
retail sector over the last few decades. 
Mr. Samuel Moon followed in the footsteps 
of his father and joined their family franchise, 
the Sam Moon Group, in 1984. Under his 
leadership and creative direction, the Sam 
Moon Group flourished in the state of Texas, 
expanding its horizons beyond the retail line. 
Now, as President of the company, Mr. Sam-
uel Moon’s duties are diverse. They include 
the management of the real estate and retail 
development, overseeing the design and de-
velopment of new hotels and shopping cen-
ters, and the operations of the Sam Moon 
Trading Co. stores, among others. 
Mr. Samuel Moon is a graduate of North 
Texas University and currently resides in Dal-
las, Texas with his wife Sandra. 
Madam Speaker, I am pleased to honor Mr. 
Samuel Moon today, and I wish him good for-
tune and happiness in the New Year. 
f 
IN 
RECOGNITION 
OF 
MARK 
GRAZIADIO FOR HIS LIFETIME 
OF SERVICE TO NORTHEASTERN 
PENNSYLVANIA 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 5, 2021 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize former Wayne County 
Commissioner Mark Graziadio for his lifetime 
of service to his fellow citizens. Mark was en-
joying his well-deserved retirement with his 
wife of 46 years, Susan Jayne Bunnell 
Graziadio, in Cape Coral, Florida when he un-
expectedly passed away on January 18, 2021. 
Mark was born in Hancock, New York to 
Rita Laverne Fisher Graziadio and Vincent Se-
bastian Graziadio on July 6, 1953. He at-
tended Catholic schools in Hancock, New 
York and Honesdale, Pennsylvania before 
graduating from Scranton Preparatory School 
in 1971. He received his Bachelor of Science 
degree in accounting from the University of 
Scranton in 1977. 
Mark began his professional career at Giant 
Markets. During his time at the market from 
1971 to 1986, he held many positions that 
were integral to store operations, including 
clerk, night shift manager, third man, and as-
sistant manager. As point of sale coordinator, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:16 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A05FE8.001
E05FEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 81-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E112 
February 5, 2021 
he installed and trained employees on the use 
of the first scanning registers in Northeastern 
Pennsylvania. 
In 1983, Mark joined the Honesdale Na-
tional Bank (HNB), and in 2018, he retired as 
vice president and marketing director. At HNB, 
he launched a marketing strategy that used 
radio ads to promote community events. He 
used the banking acumen he acquired at HNB 
to teach banking courses at local colleges and 
at Dickinson College in Carlisle, Bucknell Uni-
versity in Lewisburg, and Penn State in State 
College through the Pennsylvania Bankers As-
sociation. He also spoke at businesses and 
nonprofits on a variety of topics, including cus-
tomer service, team building, and marketing. 
Mark was interested in politics. He actively 
engaged with the political process by serving 
on committees on the local and state levels 
and ran for local office in Honesdale and 
Wayne County. In 1999, he ran a successful 
campaign for Wayne County Commissioner 
and served from 2000 to 2003. 
Mark was dedicated to his local community 
and sought to give back to his friends and 
neighbors by devoting his time to local charity 
organizations 
and 
advocacy 
groups. 
He 
served as the president of the Wayne County 
Habitat for Humanity; an officer, board mem-
ber, and member of the Executive Committee 
for the NEPA Alliance; a member of the 
Honesdale Jaycees; a youth basketball coach 
and champion Little League coach; chairman 
of the Wayne County Big Brothers/Big Sisters; 
and president of the Scranton Chapter of the 
American Institute of Banking (AIB). For his ef-
forts, Mark received many awards and rec-
ognitions, including Jaycee of the Year and 
the Wayne County Chamber’s Community 
Service Award. 
I am humbled to honor the life of this true 
public servant. Mark was steadfast in his de-
termination to give back to this community and 
generous with his time and energy, and he 
had a sense of humor that delighted all who 
had the privilege of knowing him. Mark will be 
greatly missed, but his legacy will live on for 
generations. 
f 
HONORING THE CAREER AND 
SERVICE OF DANIEL FRENCH 
HON. WARREN DAVIDSON 
OF OHIO 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 5, 2021 
Mr. DAVIDSON. Madam Speaker, I rise to 
recognize a valued, longtime resident in the 
Eighth District of Ohio, Daniel French. This 
year, Dan achieves an impressive milestone of 
50 years of service at French Oil Mill Machin-
ery Company in Piqua. 
This manufacturing company has been a 
staple in Miami County for 121 years. It was 
founded by Dan’s grandfather. From being a 
machine tool operator to eventually president, 
chairman, and CEO, for half a century, Dan’s 
efforts have improved the lives of employees, 
colleagues, neighbors, and fellow Ohioans. 
The enterprise has experienced great suc-
cess under Dan’s stewardship. Every expan-
sion and hiring campaign has blessed the City 
of Piqua with jobs and commercial investment. 
His business expertise is renowned by his 
peers, who have benefited from his service in 
various industry organizations, including the 
Ohio Manufacturers’ Association. 
Professional accolades aside, countless 
Piqua and Miami County nonprofits and com-
munity groups have been recipients of Dan’s 
time, leadership, and philanthropic support. 
Further, a grateful nation thanks Colonel 
French for his 28 years of combined honor-
able service in the United States Air Force 
and Air Force Reserve-including service in 
Vietnam. 
Southwest Ohio is a better place thanks to 
people like Dan French, his wife Margaret, 
and their family. Congratulations on an im-
pressive 50 years of service at French Oil Mill 
Machinery Company. 
f 
RECOGNIZING AND HONORING THE 
PRINCIPLES 
OF 
NON-VIOLENCE 
PRACTICED BY MAHATMA GAN-
DHI 
HON. ZOE LOFGREN 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 5, 2021 
Ms. LOFGREN. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and honor the principles of 
non-violence practiced by Mahatma Gandhi in 
light of recent vandalism of a Gandhi statue in 
Davis, California. 
As we continue to debate and settle our dif-
ferences, we must continue to embody the 
principles of Gandhi, who not only brought 
independence to his own people, but inspired 
generations of civil rights activists, including 
the Reverend Martin Luther King, Jr. Violence 
and vandalism are never the answer and I call 
on all my colleagues to join me in condemning 
the desecration of the Gandhi Statue of 
Peace. 
f 
RECOGNIZING RAMSAY CORONADO 
ON 
BEING 
NAMED 
THE 
2021 
ADULT CITIZEN OF THE YEAR 
BY THE LAPEER AREA CHAMBER 
OF COMMERCE 
HON. LISA C. McCLAIN 
OF MICHIGAN 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 5, 2021 
Mrs. MCCLAIN. Madam Speaker, I rise to 
recognize Ramsay Coronado on being named 
the 2021 Adult Citizen of the Year by the 
Lapeer Area Chamber of Commerce. Ramsay 
has volunteered his time at the food pantry at 
Immaculate Conception church, the Church of 
Christ, Good Samaritans, Habitat Restore, 
Love INC, Families Helping Families, and the 
Lapeer Interfaith Community Association. I 
thank Ramsay for his tireless dedication and 
selfless service to the Lapeer community. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF MR. HENRY LEE 
JACKSON, SR. 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 5, 2021 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Madam Speaker, it 
is with a heavy heart and solemn remem-
brance that I rise today, to pay tribute to a 
man of God, respected public servant, and en-
trepreneur, Mr. Henry Lee Jackson, Sr. Sadly, 
Mr. Jackson transitioned from labor to reward 
on Sunday, January 31, 2021 at the age of 
91. His funeral service will be held at 11 a.m. 
on Saturday, February 6, 2021 at Floral Me-
morial Gardens in Albany, Georgia. 
A native son of Albany, Georgia, Henry 
Jackson, Sr. answered the call to serve his 
nation at the age of 17, when he joined the 
United States Marine Corps. He served our 
nation honorably among the ranks of the first 
black Marines, known as the Montford Point 
Marines because they received basic training 
at the segregated Montford Point Base adja-
cent to Camp Lejeune, North Carolina. This 
historic troop went on to fight in the gruesome 
Battle of Peleliu in Japan during World War II. 
More than 50 years later, he and all of the 
Montford Point Marines, the first African-Amer-
icans allowed to serve in the Marine Corps, 
were awarded the Congressional Gold Medal 
by President Barack Obama recognizing their 
personal sacrifice and service to their country 
during World War II. 
Yet, Madam Speaker, Mr. Jackson’s pro-
found service did not stop there. He went on 
to fight in the Korean war, and upon returning 
home and finishing his education, he enlisted 
in the United States Air Force (USAF), where 
he served for 24 years before retiring as a 
Master Sergeant. After his retirement from 
USAF, Mr. Jackson served as the Chief of Air-
port Security at the Southwest Georgia Re-
gional Airport for several years before retiring 
and dedicating his time to his businesses. He 
was the owner of Jackson Income Tax Service 
and a lawn service. 
Maya Angelou once said, ‘‘A great soul 
serves everyone all the time. A great soul 
never dies.’’ Henry Lee Jackson, Sr. is one 
such great soul, who served humanity in a 
special way. He devoted decades of service to 
fighting for the freedoms of others. He was an 
honorable human being who loved deeply 
and, in return, was deeply loved. His impres-
sion on this earth extends beyond himself to 
the very wellbeing of his beloved city, state, 
and nation, and for it, he will be remembered 
for time to come. 
Madam Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the 
House of Representatives to join my wife, Viv-
ian, and me, along with the more than 
730,000 people of Georgia’s Second Congres-
sional District, in honoring the life and legacy 
of Mr. Henry Lee Jackson, Sr. for his remark-
able service to humankind. Moreover, we ex-
tend our deepest sympathies to Mr. Jackson’s 
family, friends, loved ones, and all who grieve 
during this difficult time of bereavement. We 
pray that they will be consoled and comforted 
by an abiding faith and the Holy Spirit in the 
weeks, months, and years ahead. 
f 
HONORING LARRY WINUM AS 
IOWAN OF THE WEEK 
HON. CYNTHIA AXNE 
OF IOWA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 5, 2021 
Mrs. AXNE. Madam Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Larry Winum, community banker and 
President of the Mills County Economic Devel-
opment Foundation in Glenwood, Iowa. Larry’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:16 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A05FE8.005
E05FEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 82-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E113 
February 5, 2021 
outstanding service to his neighbors and fel-
low Iowans during some of the most chal-
lenging times in the last 18 months is why I 
recognize him as my Iowan of the Week. 
Iowans in Mills and Freemont counties had 
not only a tough 2020, but a difficult 2019. 
Massive flooding hit these two counties in 
early 2019 and devastated communities like 
Pacific Junction. And of course, in 2020, every 
community has suffered the economic impacts 
of COVID–19. Many families lost their busi-
nesses, their homes, and their jobs. Just as 
many folks were getting back on their feet 
from the floods, they were knocked down 
again by the virus. That’s where Larry comes 
in. 
Larry has over 30 years of experience work-
ing at the Glenwood State Bank, so he’s seen 
a lot. He helped many of our family, friends, 
and neighbors during the 2008 economic re-
cession, helped to bring new economic devel-
opment to Southwest Iowa, and was instru-
mental in building a new commerce highway 
to southwest Iowa. Madam Speaker, the truth 
is I could go on and on about Larry’s accom-
plishments. Frankly, I don’t know of a busi-
ness or good cause in Southwest Iowa Larry 
hasn’t been a part of. Therefore, you know 
how difficult the last two years have been 
when even he admits it’s been hard on every-
one. 
Larry has been right there to help us rebuild 
time and time again. Not only did the Glen-
wood Bank and Larry help over 150 cus-
tomers in need of assistance during the pan-
demic, resulting in over $9.5 million in assist-
ance for businesses impacted by COVID–19, 
they also hosted a water distribution location 
for those who lost everything in the 2019 
floods. ‘‘It’s not hard to do because it’s the 
right thing to do’’ he said, because those are 
the values Larry lives by. Larry and I saw 
each other as we toured the devastating flood-
ing, both of us offering as much support and 
assistance as we could. As I fought in Con-
gress to help bring relief faster to Iowa, Larry 
worked to distribute that assistance, answer 
questions, and right now he’s working to help 
build new, affordable housing which is sorely 
needed. 
As a part of the family owned bank that has 
been in business for 120 years, Larry doesn’t 
see his work as anything extraordinary. He’s 
proud of his friends and neighbors who pulled 
together ‘‘like a family’’, he feels, saying that 
‘‘everyone just rallies around each other in dif-
ficult times.’’ I will point out that working nearly 
24 hours a day, seven days a week to help 
businesses apply for and receive essential 
PPP loans to keep them in business is Larry 
going above and beyond. Larry feels that his 
work was just one small part of helping our 
communities. He credits his coworkers, local 
leaders, local businesses, and small-town val-
ues of Iowans for helping raise money, deliver 
meals, offer donations, and so much more. 
Larry, like any Iowan, can’t imagine not help-
ing when his community is in need and that’s 
exactly why I want to honor Larry as Iowan of 
the Week. 
REPUBLICANS, IF THIS ISN’T 
IMPEACHABLE, WHAT IS? 
HON. ADAM KINZINGER 
OF ILLINOIS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 5, 2021 
Mr. KINZINGER. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to include in the CONGRESSIONAL 
RECORD an opinion-editorial piece written by 
two of my good friends and colleagues, 
Former Representatives Barbara Comstock of 
Virginia and Charles Boustany of Louisiana, 
which was printed in Roll Call on February 4, 
2021. 
On Jan. 6, 2021, at 2:24 p.m., an angry Don-
ald Trump tweeted: ‘‘Mike Pence didn’t have 
the courage to do what should have been 
done to protect our country and our Con-
stitution . . .’’ 
At that very moment, Vice President 
Pence and his family were hiding from a vio-
lent mob at the Capitol, having been whisked 
out of the Senate chamber where he had been 
conducting his constitutional duty of certi-
fying the election. 
Over the course of the afternoon, the 
crowds shouted ‘‘Hang Mike Pence,’’ ‘‘Presi-
dent Trump sent us,’’ ‘‘Traitors,’’ ‘‘Nancy 
Pelosi, we’re coming for you’’ and other 
frightening and direct threats to members of 
Congress. This violent insurrection cul-
minated in five deaths, including a Capitol 
Police officer, and 140 other officers were in-
jured protecting members. During this time, 
the president and his attorney called at least 
one senator to ask him to delay the count 
further. 
‘‘The mob was fed lies. They were provoked 
by the president and other powerful people,’’ 
Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell 
said. At a rally near the White House that 
morning, 
Trump 
spoke 
apocalyptically, 
warning, ‘‘If you don’t fight like hell, you 
aren’t going to have a country anymore.’’ 
Trump lied that he had won in a ‘‘landslide.’’ 
He had to know this was a lie because his 
pollster had already issued a lengthy report 
detailing why he lost. Donald Trump Jr. 
wildly shouted at the rally, ‘‘We are coming 
after you,’’ directed at members of Congress 
who were doing their constitutional duty of 
certifying the election. 
Many of those arrested at the Capitol 
echoed Donald Trump and his lies. They said, 
‘‘We were invited here by the president of 
the United States.’’ Rioters included mem-
bers of the Proud Boys, QAnon conspiracy 
theorists and white nationalists who ripped 
off the helmets of officers, beat them with 
batons and flagpoles, and hurled racial epi-
thets at our Capitol Police. Some came with 
zip ties, presumably to take hostages. At the 
end of the day, Trump recorded a video mes-
sage, saying to those who stormed the Cap-
itol, ‘‘You’re very special. . . . We love you.’’ 
In the months and days leading to Jan. 6, 
these election fraud lies that Trump whipped 
up the crowd with had been rejected across 
the board: 
By dozens of conservative judges in over 60 
court cases who said they were ‘‘without 
merit’’ and ‘‘not credible.’’ 
By Attorney General William Barr who 
said, ‘‘We have not seen fraud on a scale that 
could have effected a different outcome,’’ 
and reportedly called the claims of the presi-
dent’s lawyer ‘‘bulls---.’’ 
By Republican state election officials in 
Georgia, whom the president belligerently 
attacked and asked to ‘‘find’’ him more 
votes. 
By his own White House counsel’s office. 
Nevertheless, 
Donald 
Trump 
persisted. 
Even after the worst of the siege was visible 
for the world to see, he tweeted, ‘‘These are 
the things and events that happen when a sa-
cred 
landslide 
election 
victory 
is 
so 
unceremoniously & viciously stripped away 
from great patriots who have been badly and 
unfairly treated for so long.’’ 
We Republicans cannot avert our eyes from 
these violent realities. Some say we must 
move on. But it is clear that Trump and his 
mob still aren’t moving on. Trump, his fam-
ily and supporters continue to threaten po-
litical revenge and have shown no remorse 
for their actions. Angry Trump supporters 
continue to make dangerous threats. 
‘‘If this isn’t impeachable, what is?’’ has 
been the question asked even by friends of 
Trump, such as former New Jersey Gov. 
Chris Christie. Such blatant anti-constitu-
tional, anti-democratic actions by a presi-
dent and the violence he inspired against a 
coequal branch of government cannot go 
unpunished. They were unprecedented. 
The president attempted to use his execu-
tive power to direct Vice President Mike 
Pence, Attorney General William Barr and 
other Republican officials to pursue anti- 
constitutional actions on his behalf. 
As for whether a trial can be held after the 
president has left office, retired federal ap-
peals court Judge Michael McConnell, a con-
servative, has pointed out that impeachment 
in the House occurred while the president 
was still in office, so that point is moot. Ar-
ticle 1, Section 3, Clause 6 of the Constitu-
tion states: ‘‘The Senate shall have the sole 
Power to try all Impeachments.’’ According 
to Judge McConnell, a trial is not limited to 
‘‘sitting officers.’’ If it was, there would be 
no consequence to a president who engaged 
in impeachable conduct at the end of his 
term, 
The Senate must convict Donald Trump 
and keep him from holding office ever again. 
This is not a close call. Trump refused to ac-
cept the results of an election. He ignored 
the courts and even attacked the Supreme 
Court with three of his own appointees. He 
incited a mob to stop the certification of the 
election in Congress. And he tried to ille-
gally overturn an election in violation of his 
oath to uphold the law. 
Already the House impeachment has been 
the most bipartisan impeachment in history. 
Republicans must stand up to police our 
own. If Republicans continue to excuse 
Trump’s lies and actions that they know are 
among the worst in history by a president, 
they will only further divide, not just our 
own party, but the entire country. 
Barbara Comstock represented Virginia’s 
10th District as a Republican from 2015 to 
2019. 
Charles Boustany Jr. represented Lou-
isiana in the House as a Republican from 2005 
to 2017. He serves as president of the Associa-
tion of Former Members of Congress. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF CARROLL 
MAXWELL 
HON. VAN TAYLOR 
OF TEXAS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 5, 2021 
Mr. TAYLOR. Madam Speaker, today, I rise 
to recognize and celebrate the life of Carroll 
Homer Maxwell, Jr. 
Born to Virginia and Carroll Homer, Sr. on 
May 29, 1928, in Wichita Falls, Texas, Carroll 
would later relocate to Dallas where he would 
attend Highland Park High School. Mr. Max-
well would later attend Texas A&M University 
where he would foster a lifelong love of the 
Aggies. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:16 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A05FE8.010
E05FEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 83-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E114 
February 5, 2021 
Ever the entrepreneur, Carroll would estab-
lish several businesses including an apartment 
and home development in Richardson, Texas, 
a transistor radio factory, a local television sta-
tion, and a Central Systems among others. 
Mr. Maxwell was particularly known for his 
commitment to service as evidenced by his 
long-time membership and involvement with 
First United Methodist Church of McKinney. 
Additional efforts to serve those around him 
included membership in the McKinney Kiwanis 
Club, Sons of the American Revolution, Collin 
County Foster Friends, participation as a 
Court Appointed Special Advocate for Collin 
County, and as an active figure in conserv-
ative politics. 
Mr. Maxwell’s impressive list of awards and 
accolades are a testament to the high esteem 
the community held him in. Carroll went home 
to our Lord on December 26, 2020 where he 
was reunited with a host of those he had 
loved in life most notably, his wife, Marilyn 
Maxwell. 
While many in Collin County will miss his 
steadfast presence and servant leadership, 
those who knew him best celebrate a life well 
lived. Now as we recognize Mr. Carroll Max-
well, Jr., I ask my colleagues in the House of 
Representatives to join me in honoring his rich 
life and legacy. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF RICHARD 
BIEDER 
HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 5, 2021 
Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Speaker, it is with 
great sadness that I rise today to honor the 
life of the late Richard Bieder of Stamford, 
Connecticut, who sadly passed on January 16, 
2021. Richard was a giant in the Connecticut 
trial bar, who handled high profile cases for 
decades, always on the side of ‘‘the little guy’’, 
usually up against large institutional adver-
saries. 
Richard’s rise to prominence as a litigator 
was meteoric. Like all the greats in his profes-
sion he was quick on his feet, possessed a 
sharp wit and had a relentless commitment to 
preparation regarding the facts and the law in 
every case. Richard received a bachelors from 
University of Pennsylvania’s Wharton School 
of Finance in 1962. Armed with that degree he 
entered New York University’s School of Law, 
graduating in 1965 at the age of 25. He joined 
the US Navy and was stationed in the Phil-
ippines as a Lieutenant in the U.S. Navy 
Judge Advocate General Corps, which imme-
diately got him started in the courtroom where 
he thrived. 
In 1968, he returned from his service in the 
military to his native state of Connecticut, 
launching his 40- year journey as a top-notch 
trial lawyer. Within a year of his return, he 
joined a law firm headed by another icon in 
the legal profession Mr. Theodore Koskoff. 
Richard discovered a mentor in Ted from the 
outset, as he deeply aligned with his associ-
ate’s passion for civil rights, fairness and the 
American system of trial by jury. After just 
three short years, Richard permanently sealed 
his commitment to the firm, joining as a senior 
partner and re-establishing it under the name 
of Koskoff, Koskoff and Bieder. After experi-
encing the loss of Ted Koskoff in 1989, Rich-
ard continued his work as senior partner 
alongside Ted’s son, Michael Koskoff, who 
was a kindred spirit advocating difficult, and 
sometimes controversial cases that many 
other lawyers would shy away from. 
The firm’s high-quality work attracted many 
associates and clients, allowing Richard the 
freedom in the latter half of his career to per-
form a great deal of pro bono representation, 
oftentimes as an advocate for the most vulner-
able in our communities. Whether it was a 
class action suit in the aftermath of a state or 
national disaster, a battle against a powerful 
institution, or the co-founding of an organiza-
tion to provide pro bona representation of chil-
dren under custody of the Department of Chil-
dren and Families—using the law to promote 
a just society was his passion. 
Richard Bieder’s direct impact upon the 
lives of others and the institution of lawyering 
cannot be understated. After 9/11, Richard re-
sponded by helping to organize a nationwide 
network of lawyers and create Trial Lawyers 
Care (TLC), which is believed to be the largest 
pro bona legal program in the history of the 
U.S. Under his stewardship as President, TLC 
assisted families eligible to file claims under 
the September 11th Victim Compensation 
Fund. Meanwhile, between 2001 and 2009, 
Richard was appointed by a U.S. District Court 
Judge to oversee ongoing suites between the 
City of Hartford and its minority population on 
a range of issues. 
Richard took his experience from the senior 
Kirkoff to heart, always generously mentoring 
fellow lawyers. As former President of the 
Connecticut Trial Lawyers and National Board 
of Trial Advocacy as well as a member of 
countless lawyers’ organizations, he frequently 
lectured these groups on the responsibility that 
all lawyers have to give back to their commu-
nity. Such service and leadership resulted in 
the bestowment of countless awards and ac-
colades throughout his career. 
Madam Speaker, it is difficult to encapsulate 
the enormity of Richard Bieder’s life. I had the 
privilege of knowing him, both as an attorney 
when I practiced law in Connecticut for 27 
years, and as a member of United States 
Congress, for whom Richard was always a 
great source of encouragement and pas-
sionate advice about the need to keep our civil 
justice system open and accessible to all 
Americans. Richard leaves a loving family be-
hind him, particularly his son Erik, his daugh-
ter Julie his grandchildren and great grand-
children and his law partners, associates and 
staff who were a huge part of his life. His wife 
Bonnie who was his partner in his amazing 
life, predeceased him not long ago. Madam 
Speaker, I ask that this body please join me 
in expressing our deepest condolences to their 
family and friends in their passing. In many re-
spects, their lives are an example of, ‘‘Taking 
The Road Less Travelled’’ that should serve 
as an inspiration to us all. 
RECOGNIZING RAEVEN PERISO ON 
BEING NAMED THE 2021 JUNIOR 
CITIZEN OF THE YEAR BY THE 
CASS CITY CHAMBER OF COM-
MERCE 
HON. LISA C. McCLAIN 
OF MICHIGAN 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 5, 2021 
Mrs. MCCLAIN. Madam Speaker, I rise to 
recognize Raeven Periso on being named the 
2021 Junior Citizen of the Year by the Cass 
City Chamber of Commerce. Raeven has vol-
unteered at Northwood Meadows for ban-
quets, the VFW Hall for Christmas in the Vil-
lage, and for many other activities. Raeven is 
also the current Salutatorian and is preparing 
to become a registered nurse. I thank Raeven 
for the tireless dedication and selfless service 
given to the Cass City community. 
f 
SMITH SPECIAL ORDER ON MARCH 
FOR LIFE 
SPEECH OF 
HON. DEBBIE LESKO 
OF ARIZONA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Wednesday, February 3, 2021 
Mrs. LESKO. Madam Speaker, 48 years 
ago, the United States Supreme Court ruled 
against basic human rights when they issued 
the Roe v. Wade decision. Since this decision 
to legalize abortion in all 50 states, over 62 
million babies have been denied a chance at 
life. My colleagues and I gather here today to 
honor them and to affirm our determination to 
protect the unborn. 
The billion-dollar abortion industry has per-
vaded our communities and has attempted to 
normalize the horrors of abortion in our soci-
ety. Abortion providers like Planned Parent-
hood call it ‘‘essential’’ and insist that it is 
health care. Abortion is not health care. Abor-
tion procedures do not fight disease or heal a 
sickness, they deliberately and brutally end 
human life. 
Abortion is one of the great stains on Amer-
ica’s culture and society. As a mother and a 
grandmother, my resolve to fight for life has 
only strengthened as I have served in Con-
gress. I am grateful that so many of my col-
leagues and constituents stand with me to 
protect the unborn. 
f 
CONGENITAL HEART DEFECT 
AWARENESS WEEK 
HON. JOHN W. ROSE 
OF TENNESSEE 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 5, 2021 
Mr. ROSE. Madam Speaker, I rise today in 
support of February 7–14th being recognized 
as Congenital Heart Disease Awareness 
Week. Each year in the United States, more 
than 40,000 babies are born with a congenital 
heart defect. The medical community has 
identified congenital heart defects as the lead-
ing cause of birth defect-related deaths. Cur-
rently, there is no cure for congenital heart de-
fects, and it is a lifelong disease requiring on-
going specialized care. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:16 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00004
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A05FE8.012
E05FEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 84-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E115 
February 5, 2021 
Chance Bond, a ten-year-old boy that re-
sides in the Sixth District of Tennessee, was 
born with hypoplastic left heart syndrome, or 
HLHS. He had received three open heart sur-
geries by the age of two. He is now ten years 
old and his mother, Amanda Bond, says that 
he is still living his life to the fullest. I was 
blessed to meet Chance last year when he 
visited Washington, D.C. His courage and 
bravery at such a young age is truly an inspi-
ration. 
Fewer than 10 percent of adults with con-
genital heart disease are receiving the rec-
ommended care they need. Congenital Heart 
Defect Awareness Week provides the oppor-
tunity for patients and families affected by this 
condition to share their experiences and 
knowledge, so that the general public may be 
made aware of how this defect affects their 
lives. I urge all of my colleagues to support 
the recognition of February 7–14th as Con-
genital Heart Disease Awareness Week. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE TEXAS NURSES 
ASSOCIATION 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 5, 2021 
Ms. JOHNSON of Texas. Madam Speaker, 
I rise today in recognition for and in support of 
the Texas Nurses Association during their 
2021 Nurse Day at the Texas State Capitol. 
Nurses from across my home state will gather 
virtually to make their voices heard. 
It is critical that the concerns of our front- 
line essential workers are heard by policy-
makers at the local, state, and federal levels. 
The timing could not be more apropos as our 
nation is still faced with fighting the COVID–19 
public health global crisis. As the first Reg-
istered Nurse elected to the Congress, I am 
grateful that nurses across Texas are con-
vening today to support of one another. They 
will learn about the health landscape in Texas, 
meet with legislators, and discuss ways that 
they can positively influence policy. It is es-
sential that nurses are supported by our poli-
cies and programs, and I look forward to con-
tinuing my work in the House of Representa-
tives to bring light to the needs of our medical 
professionals in Texas and across the nation. 
Prior to my time as a federal legislator, I 
had first-hand knowledge of the hard work, 
sacrifices, and expertise that nurses bring to 
their work. Therefore, during these particularly 
challenging times, we must provide nurses 
with the adequate resources to meet the dan-
gerous demands of the nursing profession. My 
commitment to recognizing their selfless con-
tributions to the medical field will always re-
main at the forefront of my work in the Con-
gress. 
Madam Speaker, I am proud to rise in sup-
port of Texas nurses during the Texas Nurses 
Association 2021 Nurses Day at the state 
Capitol. I invite House colleagues to join me in 
honoring the sacrifices and tireless work of 
nurses in Texas and across these United 
States. 
CONDEMNING THE BEHAVIOR OF 
CONGRESSWOMAN 
MARJORIE 
TAYLOR GREENE 
HON. DONALD M. PAYNE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 5, 2021 
Mr. PAYNE. Madam Speaker, I rise today to 
condemn the behavior, comments, and beliefs 
of Rep. MARJORIE TAYLOR GREENE of Georgia. 
Rep. GREENE has stated or shown support 
for a number of baseless conspiracy theories 
and criminal actions against American elected 
officials and institutions. Even before she rep-
resented the people of Georgia’s 14th District, 
Rep. GREENE said or supported beliefs that 1) 
House Speaker NANCY PELOSI should be shot, 
2) the terrorist attacks on September 11, 2001 
did not happen, and 3) the shooting at a Park-
land, FL high school that killed 17 people was 
staged. 
Since Rep. GREENE has been elected to 
Congress, she has continued her horrific, in-
cendiary and anti-American rhetoric and be-
havior. Rep. GREENE has encouraged and in-
cited the disgraceful attack on our nation’s 
Capitol Building on January 6, 2021 as well as 
acts of violence against former presidents of 
the United States. She has posted on social 
media a split-screen picture of herself with an 
AR–15 automatic weapon on one side and 
three female Members of Congress on the 
other with the caption, ‘‘The Squad’s Worst 
Nightmare.’’ No Member of Congress should 
have to worry about being in pictures with an 
AR–15 pointed at them. As a deliberative 
body, we debate, and we disagree. But we do 
not abide death threats of any sort. 
Her attempted apology on the House floor 
was just a disingenuous attempt at covering 
her true beliefs. Never once did she address 
the violent comments towards Democratic 
Leadership that she made or agreed with. 
The Republican leadership refused to pun-
ish Rep. GREENE for her statements and be-
havior. In fact, they thought it was a good idea 
to put her on the House Education and Labor 
Committee. For a Member of Congress to 
claim that the Parkland tragedy is fake and 
then be assigned to the Education Committee 
is outrageous. It is a slap in the face to all the 
families who lost children and loved ones dur-
ing that horrible day. 
Never at any point has Rep. GREENE fully 
recanted, repudiated nor apologized for any of 
her statements and behavior. Every day she is 
a sitting Member of Congress brings shame 
and dishonor to the U.S. House of Represent-
atives. Her actions are absolutely unaccept-
able and beneath the dignity of this body. I 
strongly believe that Rep. GREENE poses a 
continuous threat to the safety of several 
Members of this body and the institutions that 
have been the pride of America for more than 
200 years. 
That is why I voted for the removal of Rep. 
MARJORIE TAYLOR GREENE from all committee 
assignments and will further push for her re-
moval from Congress. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF MR. JAY 
SCOTT MYERS 
HON. TONY GONZALES 
OF TEXAS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 5, 2021 
Mr. TONY GONZALES of Texas. Madam 
Speaker, I rise today to recognize the remark-
able life of the late Jay Scott Myers. A World 
War II veteran and longtime resident of 
Carrizo Springs, Texas, Jay passed away on 
Sunday, January 3, at the age of 99. I ask my 
colleagues to join me in honoring his achieve-
ments and extending my condolences to his 
loved ones. 
Born to Cullie Scott and William S. Myers in 
Houston on March 22, 1921, Jay graduated 
from San Jacinto High School and enrolled in 
the prestigious Harvard College in 1938. As 
an undergraduate, he majored in economics 
and participated in Naval ROTC until his grad-
uation in 1942. That same year, he was com-
missioned to the USS Mississippi in San Fran-
cisco and deployed as a gunnery officer to the 
Pacific Ocean. 
In 1944, Jay served valiantly in the Battle of 
the Philippines, a major victory against Japa-
nese Imperial Forces. He was also scheduled 
to take part in the invasion of Japan in the fall 
of 1945, but the war came to a close with the 
dropping of the atomic bomb. 
Back home, Jay accomplished the goal of a 
lifetime, and married the late Lucille White of 
Carrizo Springs, a childhood neighbor to his 
parent’s adjoining ranch. When Jay first met 
Lucille at the age of eleven, he said to himself, 
‘‘That’s the girl I’m going to marry’’, and more 
than a decade later, he fulfilled that promise. 
Joined in matrimony, the couple made a life 
for themselves in Houston, where Jay worked 
for his father’s company, Myers-Spalti. While 
living in Houston, the couple had three of their 
four children: Barbara, Scott and Marilyn. In 
1953, Jay thought that ranch life in a small 
town sounded exciting, so the family moved to 
Carrizo Springs in 1953 where they had their 
fourth child, Beverly. 
Over the rest of Jay’s life in Carrizo Springs, 
he actively participated in his community’s 
civic life. In 1953, he helped found the area’s 
Lion’s Club, where he engaged in the scholar-
ship committee and helped youth develop 
leadership skills. He also served as County 
Judge from 1954 through 1958, served on the 
Chamber of Commerce, and played an active 
role in the American Legion, where he 
oversaw the Homecoming Parade for 25 
years. 
Jay was also a member of numerous com-
missions, including the Hospital Board and Li-
brary Board. He was also appointed to the Un-
derground Water Conservation Board by 
Texas Governor Dolph Briscoe. In 1976, Jay 
was named Citizen of the Year, and he served 
steadfastly as Republican County Chairman 
for thirty years. 
Madam Speaker, Jay’s accomplishments 
are truly extraordinary, and his legacy will be 
remembered for many years to come. I extend 
my thoughts and prayers to his family and ask 
all of my colleagues to join me in honoring the 
life of Mr. Jay Scott Myers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:16 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00005
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A05FE8.016
E05FEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 85-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E116 
February 5, 2021 
RECOGNIZING KACIE CORNETT ON 
BEING NAMED THE 2021 YOUTH 
FEMALE CITIZEN OF THE YEAR 
BY THE LAPEER AREA CHAMBER 
OF COMMERCE 
HON. LISA C. McCLAIN 
OF MICHIGAN 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 5, 2021 
Mrs. MCCLAIN. Madam Speaker, I rise to 
recognize to Kacie Cornett on being named 
the 2021 Youth Female Citizen of the Year by 
the Lapeer Area Chamber of Commerce. 
Kacie has logged 150 hours of volunteer work 
already in this school year despite COVID re-
strictions. She is a volunteer at the Paradise 
Animal Rescue, works with middle school girls 
through the ‘‘Grow to Glow’’ program, partici-
pated in charity runs, and is a member of the 
National Honor Society, Key Club, Art Club, 
Photography Club, and the Drama Club. 
Through all this she has been able to maintain 
a 4.16 GP/A, ranking her 9th in her class. I 
thank Kacie for her tireless dedication and 
selfless service to the Lapeer Community. 
f 
RECOGNIZING JOE CULBERTSON 
HON. YVETTE HERRELL 
OF NEW MEXICO 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 5, 2021 
Ms. HERRELL. Madam Speaker, today I 
rise to acknowledge this year’s winner of the 
New Mexico Cattle Growers Association’s 
Ayudando Siempre Alli award, Joe Culbertson. 
Joe is a veteran of the United States Army 
and a great New Mexican who has worked 
tirelessly to better his community his entire 
life. 
No stranger to representing the community 
around him, Joe has served as President and 
Vice President of the Northeastern New Mex-
ico Livestock Association where he fought on 
behalf of the livestock industry. Additionally, 
he has served on the State Advisory Land 
Committee, the New Mexico Cattle Growers 
Water Committee, the Natural Resource Com-
mittee, and the county predator control board. 
Additionally, Joe has been a county represent-
ative on the Eastern Plains Council of Govern-
ment, where he fought for rural issues. 
Joe’s service to his community spans over 
four decades. He helped start the local fire de-
partment in Rosebud in 1980 and has served 
both on the board of directors and as Assist-
ant Fire Chief. He even helps on the ground 
as an EMT-basic and ambulance driver. 
Currently serving as president of W.O. 
Culbertson & Sons, Inc., a family ranching 
business with roots dating back all the way to 
1915, Joe knows the importance and impact 
that agriculture has on the community. He is 
an avid supporter of Future Farmers of Amer-
ica (FFA) so future generations can continue 
to contribute to their communities. 
For his clear display of an attitude of service 
before self, I congratulate Joe on earning this 
well-deserved award. 
HONORING STEPHEN GALE 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 5, 2021 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Madam 
Speaker, I rise today to honor Stephen Gale 
upon his retirement as Senior District Rep-
resentative in my Santa Rosa office, and to 
recognize his longtime commitment to his 
community in Sonoma County. 
Stephen knows the meaning of hard work. 
From picking apricots in his teens to earning 
the title of youngest Section Head at Hughes 
Aircraft Company, Stephen has been known 
as a humble, yet driven man. Not content with 
this early success, he returned to school, 
earning a Master’s in Business Administration 
from the University of Southern California. Em-
barking on his second career, he found suc-
cess as Director of Strategic Investments at 
Fair Isaac and founder of Wellspring Business 
Development. 
Stephen has always had a passion for pub-
lic service. Before joining my staff, he served 
as the Board of Public Utilities Chair for Santa 
Rosa, where he directed water distribution and 
spearheaded projects to develop renewable 
resources. He has also served as Business 
Representative to the County Commission that 
established the Sonoma-Marin Area Regional 
Transportation system and as the founding 
Chair of the North Bay Leadership Council. On 
top of his official duties, he found time to orga-
nize a week-long business simulation to teach 
entrepreneurial skills to high school students. 
For this, the Sonoma County Board of Super-
visors awarded him a Gold Resolution in rec-
ognition of his leadership. 
Stephen’s motivation to better our commu-
nity led him to developing a passion for poli-
tics. In 2008, he was chosen to serve as Chair 
of the Sonoma County Democratic Party and 
revitalized the organization. His innate ability 
to bring together people of all political 
leanings, from progressives to moderates, 
helped him build a powerful Democratic coali-
tion that secured Democratic victories and 
drove civic engagement. After the conclusion 
of his second term as chair, he joined the 
state party’s Rules committee, where he used 
his expert knowledge of parliamentary proce-
dures to ensure efficient and productive party 
activities. 
For seven years, Stephen has served our 
district well as the Senior District Representa-
tive in my Santa Rosa district office. As my 
countywide liaison for Sonoma County, he has 
worked to advance the interests of many im-
portant facets of the county, including agricul-
tural producers and labor. Additionally, he has 
helped to lead the community through many 
trials and tribulations, including the 2017 
Tubbs fire and the Coronavirus pandemic. No-
tably, he was instrumental in advocating, both 
on the local and federal level, for the creation 
of the Veterans Village, which provided 14 
homes for homeless veterans in Santa Rosa. 
Madam Speaker, Stephen Gale has made 
our community proud everyday through his 
passion and commitment to Sonoma County. 
It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor 
him here today. 
IN 
RECOGNITION 
OF 
MARGIE 
AILEEN 
LITTLE 
RIGBY’S 
90TH 
BIRTHDAY 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 5, 2021 
Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Madam Speaker, 
I rise to recognize the 90th birthday of my 
dear friend Margie Aileen Little Rigby. 
Margie was born in Mecklenburg County, 
North Carolina, and moved to Richmond, Vir-
ginia, when she was seven years old. After 
high school, Margie attended Trinity College in 
Clearwater, FL where she met her adoring 
husband, John William Rigby. Margie and 
John married and moved to Smiths Station, 
Alabama, where Margie still lives, surrounded 
by the joys of her life—her two kids, four 
grandchildren and two great-grandchildren. 
Margie and John married in Richmond in 
1952, where they began their 65 years of min-
istry, inspiring others and helping to spread 
God’s word, and ended their illustrious journey 
in 2010 at Philadelphia Baptist Church in 
Smiths Station, Alabama. John was diagnosed 
with cancer a month later and battled the dis-
ease for seven years before being welcomed 
in God’s arms in 2017. 
Although Margie enjoyed being a school-
teacher, accountant and business owner, she 
felt most at home as a minister’s wife. She 
taught children’s church, new members, class-
es and Sunday school to so many people. Her 
spiritual gifts are teaching and writing, and she 
was a wonderful pastor’s wife to many church-
es. 
What stands out most to many who know 
Margie is her God-given ability to help many 
in the ministry who needed the assistance in 
navigating the challenges of being a pastor’s 
wife. For many years, she taught others how 
to minister to those who have lost loved ones, 
who are going through tough times and how to 
grow in their faith. Margie overcame difficult 
times herself, raising her children for nine 
years as John traveled the nation preaching 
God’s word. Her exceptional children and lov-
ing family are a testament to her goodness 
and resilience as a mother, and they would be 
the first to call her a Hero. 
Madam Speaker, please join me, and so 
many adoring others, in celebrating Margie 
Aileen Little Rigby’s 90th birthday. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LYNCHBURG 
AREA VETERANS COUNCIL 
HON. BEN CLINE 
OF VIRGINIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 5, 2021 
Mr. CLINE. Madam Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the selfless efforts of the Lynchburg 
Area Veterans Council. 
Come rain or shine, snow or sleet, nothing 
stands in the way of this group gathering at 
Monument Terrace in downtown Lynchburg 
every Friday to honor and support our troops. 
This weekly gathering began nearly 20 
years ago following the attacks on September 
11th as American soldiers were heading into 
Afghanistan. 
Since that time, the rallies have grown and 
those who drive by honk in support—which 
they say is the sound of freedom. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:16 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00006
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A05FE8.020
E05FEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 86-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E117 
February 5, 2021 
Their dedication to this endeavor has been 
unwavering, and last Friday I was proud to 
join them as they marked the 1000th consecu-
tive week that folks have gathered at Monu-
ment Terrace to express their appreciation for 
our servicemembers. 
And while I applaud the Council on this in-
credible milestone, I would also like to thank 
them for all of their work to get homeless vet-
erans off the streets and into housing. 
The Lynchburg Area Veterans Council, 
whose members consist of individuals who 
have fought in every conflict for the past sev-
enty years, has done so much for our commu-
nity, and the Sixth District is forever grateful. 
f 
IN 
RECOGNITION 
OF 
THE 
LIFE 
AND SERVICE OF CHIEF MASTER 
SERGEANT RICHARD HALL 
HON. DARREN SOTO 
OF FLORIDA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 5, 2021 
Mr. SOTO. Madam Speaker, Mr. Richard 
Hall was one of the original Tuskegee Airmen, 
the country’s first Black military aviators in the 
U.S. Air Force. 
Born in Georgia, Hall moved to Central Flor-
ida with his parents when he was five months 
old. A graduate of Robert Hungerford Board-
ing School in Eatonville, Hall received a four- 
year scholarship to Xavier University in New 
Orleans, LA. He joined the Army Air Force Re-
serves, and in 1942 was sent to fight in World 
War II. 
Mr. Hall was among the first African Amer-
ican Chief Master Sergeants after integration 
in 1949. He served his country for over three 
decades and completed tours on four con-
tinents, including the Korean and Vietnam 
wars. 
In 2007, Mr. Hall, along with other Tuskegee 
Airmen received the Congressional Gold 
Medal from President George W. Bush. In 
Central Florida, he was honored with a life- 
sized sculpture that sits outside Hannibal Her-
itage Center. 
Mr. Hall retired to Maitland in the 1980s and 
continued to call Central Florida home until his 
death on January 21, 2021. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DAVID D. 
MOON 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 5, 2021 
Ms. JOHNSON of Texas. Madam Speaker, 
I rise today, on the occasion of the Lunar New 
Year, to recognize and congratulate Mr. David 
D. Moon for his success as the Chairman and 
Founder of the Sam Moon Group. Mr. David 
Moon’s impressive career in the retail sector 
has made an immeasurable contribution to the 
Texas economy. 
Mr. David Moon’s career began after his re-
location from South Korea to the United States 
as a salesman for a wig manufacturing firm in 
1971. A little more than ten years later, he fol-
lowed through on his vision of building a fam-
ily business rooted in integrity and diligence 
and established Sam Moon Trading, Inc. As 
the success of this business grew, he contin-
ued to open new Sam Moon Trading Com-
pany locations, which now span the state of 
Texas. Marked by their savvy ability to offer 
desirable women’s fashion at low costs, Sam 
Moon Trading Company quickly became a 
household name. The Sam Moon Trading 
Company has now expanded into the Sam 
Moon Group, an enterprise of real estate de-
velopment, dining, retail, and entertainment. 
In addition to his professional accomplish-
ments, Mr. David Moon has served on the 
Board of Trustees for Dallas Baptist University 
and received numerous accolades including a 
Lifetime Achievement Award from Dallas 
Asian-American Chamber of Commerce; a 
Citizen’s Medal of Merit from the Government 
of the Republic of Korea; and an Honorary 
Doctor of Humanities from Dallas Baptist Uni-
versity. 
Mr. David Moon has a degree from Hankuk 
University of Foreign Studies and currently re-
sides in Las Colinas, Texas with his wife In 
Sun Moon. 
Madam Speaker, I am pleased to recognize 
the achievements of Mr. David Moon, and 
wish him good fortune and happiness in the 
New Year. 
f 
HONORING PATRICK FORD AS 
IOWAN OF THE WEEK 
HON. CYNTHIA AXNE 
OF IOWA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 5, 2021 
Mrs. AXNE. Madam Speaker, I rise before 
the House to honor Mr. Patrick Ford, Doctor of 
Physical Therapy and CoFounder and Presi-
dent of Project Onyx. Patrick, who lives in 
Bondurant with his family, is an example of 
how an individual can turn their words of want-
ing to make the world a better place into con-
crete actions that improve the lives of those in 
our communities. Through the work of Project 
Onyx, Patrick and fellow co-founder, Mr. Elijah 
Muhammad, owner of Unorthodox Fitness, 
work to ‘‘envision a community full of healthy, 
active individuals who have equal access to 
health and fitness services provided by di-
verse and culturally competent professionals’’ 
and currently work with a group of 20 young 
men from around Central Iowa. 
After the death of George Floyd in the sum-
mer of 2020, Patrick felt called to take action 
within his community. Reflecting on his own 
experiences as a biracial Black American, he 
wanted to work to create a world that would 
be more just for his daughter to grow up. In 
June of 2020, he approached Elijah with the 
idea to address underrepresentation and dis-
parities in health outcomes for Black, Indige-
nous and People of Color (BIPOC) and as a 
result, ‘Project Onyx’ was created. He became 
determined to work toward increasing rep-
resentation in the field of health and fitness 
and encouraging young BIPOC to enter or ex-
plore a career within the health field; having 
seen firsthand the racial disparities in access 
to healthcare, fitness, and wellness programs 
as a full-time physical therapist. 
The goal for 2021 is to expand program-
ming beyond the current location in Grimes 
and allow young people from across Central 
Iowa to access Project Onyx and double the 
current participation. In addition to health and 
wellness services, Patrick’s vision for a youth 
empowerment program came to fruition as a 
program that blends a physical workout with 
conversations and dialogue about community 
issues. Project Onyx’s mentorship program 
provides a launching pad for BIPOC youth 
who are interested in careers in health and 
wellness by giving them hands-on experience 
and career guidance. In the future the partners 
would like to work towards funding for scholar-
ship opportunities and additional ways to re-
duce barriers towards a career in health, 
whether this be a certificate program or four- 
year degree. 
Patrick is keenly aware of the importance of 
access to health and wellness programs and 
understands the negative impact of the ab-
sence of these programs in communities of 
color. Through Project Onyx, Patrick is using 
his education and experiences to help remedy 
this cultural inequity and serves as an exam-
ple to all of us of how we can make a dif-
ference in our communities. Having never pre-
viously felt compelled to take action or be an 
activist he reevaluated his priorities and deter-
mined to make the world a better place for his 
daughter to live. 
I commend Patrick for beginning to address 
the important work of breaking barriers and 
creating an avenue for BIPOC to be brought 
into the field of health and wellness. By pro-
viding this service to the community and ex-
panding the reach of Project Onyx many 
young people from across Central Iowa will be 
given the opportunity to make our State more 
inclusive and result in better outcomes for all 
regardless of race. I thank Patrick, for his 
service in our community. 
f 
RECOGNIZING 
JIM 
AND 
DEBRA 
KRANZ ON BEING NAMED THE 
2021 CITIZENS OF THE YEAR BY 
THE CASS CITY CHAMBER OF 
COMMERCE 
HON. LISA C. McCLAIN 
OF MICHIGAN 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 5, 2021 
Mrs. MCCLAIN. Madam Speaker, I rise to 
recognize Jim and Debra Kranz on being 
named the 2021 Citizens of the Year by the 
Cass City Chamber of Commerce. Jim and 
Debra Kranz were former longtime owners of 
the Kranz Funeral Homes. In their free time, 
Jim and Debra are highly engaged in their 
community. Debra is a member of the Rotary 
Club, and the former president of the Cass 
City High School Band Boosters, as well as a 
former member of both the Hills and Dales 
General Hospital Board of Directors, and the 
Cass City Women’s Club. Jim has been a 
member of the Cass City Downtown Develop-
ment Authority and the Rotary Club. I thank 
Jim and Debra for their tireless dedication and 
selfless service to the Cass City Community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:16 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00007
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A05FE8.024
E05FEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 87-
D95 
Friday, February 5, 2021 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate was not in session and stands ad-
journed until 3:00 p.m., on Monday, February 8, 
2021. 
Routine Proceedings, pages S413–S559 
Measures Passed: 
Concurrent Budget Resolution: By 51 yeas to 50 
nays, Vice President voting yea (Vote No. 54), Sen-
ate agreed to S. Con. Res. 5, setting forth the con-
gressional budget for the United States Government 
for fiscal year 2021 and setting forth the appropriate 
budgetary levels for fiscal years 2022 through 2030, 
after taking action on the following amendments 
proposed thereto:                                              Pages S413–S460 
Adopted: 
By a unanimous vote of 100 yeas (Vote No. 35), 
Cornyn Amendment No. 558, to establish a deficit- 
neutral reserve fund relating to funding the police. 
                                                                                      Pages S447–48 
By 51 yeas to 49 nays (Vote No. 43), Capito/ 
Hoeven Amendment No. 655, to establish a deficit- 
neutral reserve fund relating to preserving the con-
tinued implementation of the consistent, clear, and 
functional categories and exclusions of jurisdictional 
waters in the Navigable Waters Protection Rule. 
                                                                                      Pages S452–53 
By 51 yeas to 49 nays (Vote No. 44), Lankford 
Amendment No. 837, to establish a deficit-neutral 
reserve fund relating to Federal relief funds for State 
or local governments.                                         Pages S453–54 
Portman Amendment No. 816, to establish a def-
icit-neutral reserve fund relating to requiring the 
President to keep the people of the United States in-
formed, through a website, of the amount of funds 
made available for relief from the COVID–19 pan-
demic that have been expended.                  Pages S455–56 
By 71 yeas to 29 nays (Vote No. 47), Romney 
Amendment No. 803, to establish a deficit-neutral 
reserve fund relating to creating bipartisan congres-
sional committees to improve the solvency of major 
Federal trust funds.                                                     Page S456 
By 53 yeas to 47 nays (Vote No. 48), Lee/Scott 
(SC) Amendment No. 253, to establish a deficit-neu-
tral reserve fund relating to expanding health savings 
accounts.                                                                   Pages S456–57 
Murkowski Amendment No. 806, to establish a 
deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to prohibiting 
actions by the executive branch that would make the 
United States more reliant on countries with weaker 
environmental or labor standards for oil, gas, or 
hardrock mineral production.                                Page S458 
By 51 yeas to 50 nays, the Vice President voting 
yea (Vote No. 52), Schumer/Sanders Amendment 
No. 888, in the nature of a substitute.    Pages S459–60 
Rejected: 
By 50 yeas to 50 nays (Vote No. 33), Johnson/ 
Tuberville Amendment No. 542, to establish a def-
icit-neutral reserve fund relating to protecting Amer-
ican taxpayers and the border, which may include 
prohibiting the cancellation of contracts for physical 
barriers and other border security measures for which 
funds already have been obligated and for which 
penalties will be incurred in the case of such can-
cellation and prohibiting the use of funds for pay-
ment of such penalties.                                     Pages S446–47 
By 50 yeas to 50 nays (Vote No. 34), Lee Amend-
ment No. 821, to establish a spending-neutral re-
serve fund relating to prohibiting infringement on 
the free exercise of religion.                                    Page S447 
By 49 yeas to 51 nays (Vote No. 38), Kennedy 
Amendment No. 782, to establish a deficit-neutral 
reserve fund relating to preventing the provision of 
Small Business Administration assistance to any in-
dividual convicted of a misdemeanor or felony for ac-
tions during or in connection with a riot or civil dis-
order.                                                                                  Page S450 
By 8 yeas to 92 nays (Vote No. 39), Paul Amend-
ment No. 441, to build roads at home instead of 
building them around the world.                Pages S450–51 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
20:24 Feb 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\RECORD21\FEBRUARY\D05FE1.REC
D05FE1
sradovich on DSKJLST7X2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CORRECTION

 -Page 88-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
D96 
February 5, 2021 
By 50 yeas to 50 nays (Vote No. 40), Lee Amend-
ment No. 770, to let Federal revenues reflect contin-
ued leasing of oil and gas on Federal Lands. 
                                                                                              Page S451 
By 50 yeas to 50 nays (Vote No. 42), Scott (FL) 
Amendment No. 872, to amend the reconciliation 
instructions for certain committees to fund border 
security and to ensure the enforcement of all immi-
gration laws.                                                                   Page S452 
By 50 yeas to 50 nays (Vote No. 45) Crapo/ 
Portman Amendment No. 55, to establish a deficit- 
neutral reserve fund relating to permanently extend-
ing the income tax rate reductions for individuals 
and small businesses provided under Public Law 
115–97.                                                                     Pages S454–55 
By 50 yeas to 50 nays (Vote No. 46), Hoeven 
Amendment No. 887, to establish a deficit-neutral 
reserve fund relating to prohibiting a Federal carbon 
tax and preventing American job losses and regres-
sive household utility bill, home heating, and gaso-
line price increases.                                                     Page S455 
By 26 yeas to 74 nays (Vote No. 49), Cruz 
Amendment No. 871, to establish a deficit-neutral 
reserve fund relating to conventional biofuel credit 
cap during a pandemic.                                    Pages S457–58 
By 50 yeas to 50 nays (Vote No. 51), Rubio 
Amendment No. 651, to establish a deficit-neutral 
reserve fund relating to catch-and-release policies and 
the Migrant Protection Protocols.                       Page S459 
By 50 yeas to 50 nays (Vote No. 53), McConnell 
Amendment No. 889, to establish a deficit-neutral 
reserve fund relating to establishing a fund to pro-
vide grants to food service and drinking establish-
ments affected by the COVID–19 pandemic. 
                                                                                              Page S460 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate 
also took the following action: 
By 50 yeas to 50 nays (Vote No. 36), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn not having 
voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected a motion to 
waive all applicable sections of the Congressional 
Budget Act of 1974, and all applicable budget reso-
lutions for purposes of Cotton Amendment No. 66, 
to create a point of order against a provision in leg-
islation that would increase the number of justices 
on the Supreme Court of the United States. Subse-
quently, a point of order that the amendment was 
not germane to the underlying resolution was sus-
tained, and the amendment thus fell.        Pages S448–49 
By 50 yeas to 50 nays (Vote No. 37), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn not having 
voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected a motion to 
waive all applicable sections of the Congressional 
Budget Act of 1974, and all applicable budget reso-
lutions for purposes of Cassidy Amendment No. 
483, to create a point of order against legislation 
that would provide Economic Impact Payments to 
prisoners. Subsequently, a point of order that the 
amendment was not germane to the underlying reso-
lution was sustained, and the amendment thus fell. 
                                                                                              Page S449 
By 40 yeas to 60 nays (Vote No. 41), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn not having 
voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected a motion to 
waive all applicable sections of the Congressional 
Budget Act of 1974, and all applicable budget reso-
lutions for purposes of Cruz Amendment No. 811, 
to create a point of order against the consideration 
of any legislation that increases employment-based 
visas until the United States’ labor market stabilizes 
and unemployment levels reach pre-pandemic levels, 
ensuring that Congress prioritizes the needs of 
American workers who have lost their jobs due to 
the pandemic. Subsequently, a point of order that 
the amendment was not germane to the underlying 
resolution was sustained, and the amendment thus 
fell.                                                                              Pages S451–52 
By 51 yeas to 49 nays (Vote No. 50), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn not having 
voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected a motion to 
waive all applicable sections of the Congressional 
Budget Act of 1974, and all applicable budget reso-
lutions for purposes of Sullivan Amendment No. 
461, to establish a deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to expanding natural gas as a vital fuel source 
to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and provide reli-
able and affordable heat, electricity, and transpor-
tation fuel for consumers. Subsequently, a point of 
order that the amendment was not germane to the 
underlying resolution was sustained, and the amend-
ment thus fell.                                                       Pages S458–59 
McDonough Nomination—Agreement: A unani-
mous-consent agreement was reached providing that 
at approximately 3 p.m., on Monday, February 8, 
2021, Senate begin consideration of the nomination 
of Denis Richard McDonough, of Maryland, to be 
Secretary of Veterans Affairs; and that at 5:30 p.m., 
Senate vote, without intervening action or debate, on 
confirmation of the nomination.                          Page S559 
Additional Cosponsors:                                 Pages S472–76 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                              Page S476 
Additional Statements:                                  Pages S468–88 
Amendments Submitted:                         Pages S488–S558 
Record Votes: Twenty-two record votes were taken 
today. (Total—54)                                               Pages S447–60 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m., on 
Thursday, February 4, 2021, and adjourned at 5:39 
a.m., on Friday, February 5, 2021, until 3 p.m. on 
Monday, February 8, 2021. (For Senate’s program, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:27 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D05FE1.REC
D05FEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 89-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
D97 
February 5, 2021 
see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s 
Record on page S559.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 50 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 18, 855–903; 1 private bill, H.R. 
904; and 10 resolutions, H.J. Res. 15; and H. Res. 
102–110, were introduced                              Pages H466–69 
Additional Cosponsors:                                 Pages H470–71 
Reports Filed: Report were filed today as follows: 
H. Res. 101, providing for the adoption of the 
concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 5) setting forth 
the congressional budget for the United States Gov-
ernment for fiscal year 2021 and setting forth the 
appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2022 
through 2030 (H. Rept. 117–5); and 
Committee on Rules. Survey of Activities of the 
House Committee on Rules for the 116th Congress 
(H. Rept. 116–722).                                          Pages H463–66 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein she 
appointed Representative Cuellar to act as Speaker 
pro tempore for today.                                              Page H391 
National Apprenticeship Act of 2021: The House 
passed H.R. 447, to amend the Act of August 16, 
1937 (commonly referred to as the ‘‘National Ap-
prenticeship Act’’) and expand the national appren-
ticeship system to include apprenticeships, youth ap-
prenticeships, 
and 
pre-apprenticeship 
registered 
under such Act, to promote the furtherance of labor 
standards necessary to safeguard the welfare of ap-
prentices, by a yea-and-nay vote of 247 yeas to 173 
nays, Roll No. 31.                         Pages H393–H440, H455–58 
Pursuant to the Rule, the amendment printed in 
part A of H. Rept. 117–3 shall be considered as 
adopted.                                                                            Page H393 
Agreed to: 
Levin (MI) en bloc amendment No. 2 consisting 
of the followingamendments printed in part B of H. 
Rept. 117–3: Feenstra (No. 7) that includes the De-
partment of Justice as an agency that the Office of 
Apprenticeship shall cooperate with in order to pro-
vide technical assistance in aligning the national ap-
prenticeship system with mentorship programs in 
the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Pre-
vention; Golden (No. 8) that adds ‘‘agriculture, for-
estry, fishing, and hunting’’ to the list of eligible 
programs for non-traditional apprenticeship indus-
tries or occupations; Kilmer (No. 11) that adds 
‘‘computer science’’ to the list of eligible programs 
for nontraditional apprenticeship industries or occu-
pations; Lamb (No. 12) that incorporates veterans 
into the underlying bill by adding veterans service 
organizations (VSOs) to the list of partner organiza-
tions involved in the national apprenticeship system; 
adding VSOs to the entities that should be contacted 
for promoting and raising awareness about appren-
ticeship opportunities, and adding veteran status as 
one of the demographic identifiers for reporting on 
apprenticeships; Pappas (No. 17) that allows for 
demonstration projects to provide for innovation in 
the national apprenticeship system, including activi-
ties responding to the COVID–19 public health 
emergency; Slotkin (No. 20) that adds ‘‘Environ-
mental Protection and Conservation’’ to the category 
of Green Jobs under nontraditional apprenticeship 
industries or occupations; adds eligible expenses for 
apprenticeships grants, including equipment, in-
structional materials, etc.; Titus (No. 24) that adds 
‘‘hospitality and tourism’’ to the list of eligible pro-
grams for nontraditional apprenticeship industries or 
occupations; and Trone (No. 26) that directs the Of-
fice of Apprenticeship to coordinate with the Attor-
ney General and Bureau of Prisons to support the es-
tablishment and expansion of pre-apprenticeship and 
apprenticeship programs in all Federal correctional 
institutions, to offer technical assistance for State 
prison systems and employers seeking to operate or 
improve corrections-based pre-apprenticeship or ap-
prenticeship programs, and to support the successful 
transition of individuals in correctional institutions 
to pre-apprenticeship or apprenticeship programs 
upon exiting from correctional settings; 
                                                                                      Pages H424–26 
Levin (MI) en bloc amendment No. 3 consisting 
of the following amendments printed in part B of H. 
Rept. 117–3: Meng (No. 14) that includes user- 
friendly formats and languages that are easily acces-
sible in efforts to promote youth apprenticeships and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:27 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D05FE1.REC
D05FEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 90-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
D98 
February 5, 2021 
greater diversity in the national apprenticeship sys-
tem; includes the FCC under the Ex Officio non-
voting members section of the National Advisory 
Committee on Apprenticeships; Moore (WI) (No. 
15) that strengthens efforts to ensure that low-in-
come individuals and others with barriers to employ-
ment are able to participate in apprenticeships, in-
cluding in fields where such groups are underrep-
resented; Ocasio-Cortez (No. 16) that includes ‘‘re-
newable energy’’ to energy occupations listed under 
eligible programs for nontraditional apprenticeship 
industries or occupations; Payne (No. 18) that ex-
pands apprenticeship and grant access for minority, 
veteran, and women-owned businesses; Ross (No. 19) 
that increases support to State apprenticeship agen-
cies to establish or expand apprenticeship hubs, and 
workforce development organizations that support 
nontraditional populations and dislocated workers; 
Smith (WA) (No. 21) that allows pre-apprenticeship 
programs that receive grant funding under Title II 
to use funds to provide stipends to pre-apprentices 
for costs incurred during the pre-apprenticeship pro-
gram such as housing, transportation, childcare, and 
other out-of-pocket expenses; Strickland (No. 23) 
that requires the Office of Apprenticeship to dis-
seminate best practices to recruit nontraditional ap-
prenticeship populations, women, minorities, long- 
term unemployed, individuals with a disability, indi-
viduals recovering from substance abuse disorders, 
veterans, military spouses, individuals experiencing 
homelessness, individuals impacted by the criminal 
or juvenile justice system, and foster and former fos-
ter youth; and Torres (NY) (No. 25) that ensures 
that grants are awarded to encourage employer par-
ticipation in apprenticeship programs that target in-
dividuals with language barriers (English language 
learners); and                                                          Pages H426–28 
Levin (MI) en bloc amendment No. 1 consisting 
of the following amendments printed in part B of H. 
Rept. 117–3: Blunt Rochester (No. 1) that includes 
‘‘ethnicity’’ as a ‘‘non-traditional apprenticeship pop-
ulation,’’ expands outreach to Title I schools for ap-
prenticeship opportunities, expands coordination 
with Temporary Assistance for Needy Families 
(TANF) programs to promote awareness of related 
apprenticeship opportunities, and improves website 
accessibility; Brown (No. 2) that clarifies the re-
quirement in the State plan for describing appren-
ticeship opportunities in nontraditional apprentice-
ship industries or occupations; Bush (No. 3) that in-
cludes child care as a transitional assistance program 
for formerly incarcerated people entering the work-
force through apprenticeship programs; Castro (TX) 
(No. 4) that adds ‘‘media and entertainment’’ to the 
list of eligible programs for nontraditional appren-
ticeship industries or occupations; Crow (No. 5) that 
includes education and early childhood education oc-
cupations in the expansion of programs under the 
national apprenticeship system and ensures that indi-
viduals in these programs can access apprenticeship 
funds; Escobar (No. 6) that adds Job Corps to the 
list of Education and Training Providers, which al-
lows Job Corps to qualify for apprenticeship grants 
or contracts that would support alignment between 
the national apprenticeship system and Job Corps 
and encourages the consideration of Job Corps as an 
education and training partner as apprenticeships are 
being developed; also allows apprentices, pre-appren-
tices, or youth apprentices to use emergency grant 
funding, provided by the program they are partici-
pating in, to obtain internet access; Higgins (NY) 
(No. 9) that ensures that the technical assistance pro-
vided to grant recipients includes facilitating a 
forum for sharing best practices to improve overall 
outcomes and meet grant requirements; and Law-
rence (No. 13) that clarifies that intermediary grants 
can be used for national industry intermediaries, eq-
uity intermediaries, or local or regional inter-
mediaries (by a yea-and-nay vote of 243 yeas to 178 
nays, Roll No. 28).                            Pages H421–24, H455–56 
Rejected: 
Hill amendment (No. 10 printed in part B of H. 
Rept. 117–3) that sought to change the Title II 
funding partnership requirements to the extent prac-
tical to partner with an industry or with a labor or 
joint labor management organization (by a yea-and- 
nay vote of 186 yeas to 236 nays, Roll No. 29); and 
                                                                          Pages H428–30, H456 
Stefanik amendment (No. 22 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 117–3) that sought to provide authority 
for additional programs of work-based learning, 
strike the establishment of the National Advisory 
Committee and interagency agreement, and provide 
additional flexibility for the state plan process (by a 
yea-and-nay vote of 175 yeas to 245 nays, Roll No. 
30).                                                            Pages H478–79, H430–40 
H. Res. 85, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bill (H.R. 447) and the concurrent resolution 
(H. Con. Res. 11) was agreed to Tuesday, February 
2nd. Setting forth the congressional budget for the 
United States Government for fiscal year 2021 and 
setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fis-
cal years 2022 through 2030—Rule for Consider-
ation: The House agreed to H. Res. 101, providing 
for the adoption of the concurrent resolution (S. Con. 
Res. 5)setting forth the congressional budget for the 
United States Government for fiscal year 2021 and 
setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fis-
cal years 2022 through 2030, by a yea-and-nay vote 
of 219 yeas to 209 nays, Roll No. 27, after the pre-
vious question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 
220 yeas to 210 nays, Roll No. 26.           Pages H441–47 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:27 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00004
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D05FE1.REC
D05FEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 91-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
D99 
February 5, 2021 
Upon adoption of H. Res. 101, S. Con. Res. 5 is 
hereby adopted.                                                     Pages H447–55 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate 
by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the 
House today appears on page H393. 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Six yea-and-nay votes devel-
oped during the proceedings of today and appear on 
pages H446, H447, H455, H456, H456–57, and 
H457–58. 
Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-
journed at 6:48 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION SETTING 
FORTH THE CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET 
FOR THE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT 
FOR FISCAL YEAR 2021 AND SETTING 
FORTH THE APPROPRIATE BUDGETARY 
LEVELS FOR FISCAL YEARS 2022 THROUGH 
2030 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on 
S. Con. Res. 5, a concurrent resolution setting forth 
the congressional budget for the United States Gov-
ernment for fiscal year 2021 and setting forth the 
appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2022 
through 2030 [Rule Markup]. The Committee 
granted, by record vote of 8–4, a rule providing for 
the adoption of S. Con. Res. 5, Setting forth the 
congressional budget for the United States Govern-
ment for fiscal year 2021 and setting forth the ap-
propriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2022 
through 2030. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, 
FEBRUARY 8, 2021 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to receive a closed brief-
ing on around the world threat assessment, 6 p.m., 
SVC–217. 
House 
Committee on Education and Labor, Full Committee, orga-
nizational meeting, 4 p.m., Webex. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:27 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00005
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D05FE1.REC
D05FEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 92-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional Record
The Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each House
of Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, United
States Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶ Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶ To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO
63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶ Following
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶ With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record.
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.
U
N
U
M
E
P
LU
RI
B
U
S
D100 
February 5, 2021 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
3 p.m., Monday, February 8 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will begin consideration of 
the nomination of Denis Richard McDonough, of Mary-
land, to be Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and vote on con-
firmation thereon at 5:30 p.m. 
Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
2 p.m., Monday, February 8 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: House will meet in Pro Forma 
session at 2 p.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Axne, Cynthia, Iowa, E112, E117 
Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E112 
Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E111 
Cline, Ben, Va., E116 
Courtney, Joe, Conn., E114 
Davidson, Warren, Ohio, E112 
Gaetz, Matt, Fla., E111 
Gonzales, Tony, Tex., E115 
Herell, Yvete, N.M., E116 
Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E111, E115, E117 
Kinzinger, Adam, Ill., E113 
Lesko, Debbie, Ariz., E114 
Lofgren, Zoe, Calif., E112 
McClain, Lisa C., Mich., E111, E112, E114, E116, E117 
Payne, Donald M., Jr., N.J., E115 
Rogers, Mike, Ala., E116 
Rose, John W., Tenn., E114 
Soto, Darren, Fla., E117 
Taylor, Van, Tex., E113 
Thompson, Mike, Calif., E111, E116 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:27 Feb 07, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00006
Fmt 0664
Sfmt 0664
E:\CR\FM\D05FE1.REC
D05FEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 93-
