Congressional Record
U
N
U
M
E
P
LU
RI
B
U
S
United States
of America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 117th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
b This symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b 1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.
H507 
Vol. 167 
WASHINGTON, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 2021 
No. 29 
Senate 
The Senate was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Tuesday, February 16, 2021, at 10 a.m. 
House of Representatives 
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 2021 
The House met at 9:30 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-
pore (Mr. BROWN). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-
nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON, DC, 
February 15, 2021. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable ANTHONY 
G. BROWN to act as Speaker pro tempore on 
this day. 
NANCY PELOSI, 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Reverend Margaret 
Grun Kibben, offered the following 
prayer: 
Almighty God, we come before You 
still recovering from last week’s hear-
ings. We confess that our arguments 
were void of mercy and vitriolic in in-
tent and have left us overwhelmed with 
both despair and heartsickness. 
You have warned us that quarreling 
is of no value and subverts the very 
message we attempt to convey. Convict 
us of our hubris and our headstrong 
ways, and call us to account for our un-
willingness to diffuse the contention in 
our deliberations. 
As we set our sights on another week 
of controversy, inspire us to pursue 
righteousness and not rightness; to ex-
ercise our faith and not exploit our ri-
vals’ flaws; to speak in love and not 
with license; to find paths to peace 
rather than resign ourselves to resent-
ment. 
Make us better than we were yester-
day, so that our efforts today will 
bring a more perfect tomorrow. 
We pray in the strength of Your holy 
name. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 5(a)(1)(A) of House Reso-
lution 8, the Journal of the last day’s 
proceedings is approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. 
HUDSON) come forward and lead the 
House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. HUDSON led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-
lic for which it stands, one nation under God, 
indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
ELECTING A MEMBER TO A CER-
TAIN STANDING COMMITTEE OF 
THE 
HOUSE 
OF 
REPRESENTA-
TIVES 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, by direc-
tion of the Republican Conference, I 
offer a privileged resolution and ask 
for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. RES. 122 
Resolved, That the following named Mem-
ber be, and is hereby, elected to the fol-
lowing standing committee of the House of 
Representatives: 
COMMITTEE
ON
THE BUDGET: Mr. Kelly of 
Mississippi (to rank immediately after Mr. 
Smith of Missouri). 
The resolution was agreed to. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
REPUBLICAN LEADER 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-
nication from the Honorable KEVIN 
MCCARTHY, Republican Leader: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
Washington, DC, February 10, 2021. 
Hon. NANCY PELOSI, 
Speaker of the House, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR MADAM SPEAKER: Pursuant to Sec-
tion 2(b) of the Commission on the Social 
Status of Black Men and Boys Act (Pub. L. 
116–156), amended by Section 201 of Title II, 
Division O of the Consolidated Appropria-
tions Act of 2021, I am pleased to appoint the 
following member to the Commission on the 
Social Status of Black Men and Boys: 
Mr. Marshall B. Dillard, Bakersfield, Cali-
fornia. 
Thank you for your attention to this mat-
ter. 
Sincerely, 
KEVIN MCCARTHY, 
Republican Leader. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
REPUBLICAN LEADER 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-
nication from the Honorable KEVIN 
MCCARTHY, Republican Leader: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:23 Feb 16, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A15FE7.000
H15FEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 0-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H508 
February 15, 2021 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
Washington, DC, February 10, 2021. 
Hon. NANCY PELOSI, 
Speaker of the House, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR MADAM SPEAKER: Pursuant to Sec-
tion 4(b) of House Resolution 8, 117th Con-
gress, I am pleased to appoint the following 
Member to the Tom Lantos Human Rights 
Commission to serve as the Republican Co- 
chairman: 
The Honorable CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH of 
New Jersey. 
Thank you for your attention to this mat-
ter. 
Sincerely, 
KEVIN MCCARTHY, 
Republican Leader. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
REPUBLICAN LEADER 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-
nication from the Honorable KEVIN 
MCCARTHY, Republican Leader: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
Washington, DC, February 10, 2021. 
Hon. NANCY PELOSI, 
Speaker of the House, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR MADAM SPEAKER: Pursuant to 22 USC 
§ 7002, I am pleased to appoint the following 
member to the United States-China Eco-
nomic and Security Review Commission: 
Dr. Derek M. Scissors, Bethesda, Mary-
land. 
Thank you for your attention to this mat-
ter. 
Sincerely, 
KEVIN MCCARTHY, 
Republican Leader. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
REPUBLICAN LEADER 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-
nication from the Honorable KEVIN 
MCCARTHY, Republican Leader: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
Washington, DC, February 10, 2021. 
Hon. NANCY PELOSI, 
Speaker of the House, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR MADAM SPEAKER: Purusant to 22 USC 
§ 7002, I am pleased to appoint the following 
individual to the United States-China Eco-
nomic and Security Review Commission to 
fill the existing vacancy thereon: 
Mr. Alex N. Wong, Wyckoff, New Jersey. 
Thank you for your attention to this mat-
ter. 
Sincerely, 
KEVIN MCCARTHY, 
Republican Leader. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF INDIVIDUAL TO 
COMMISSION 
ON 
THE 
SOCIAL 
STATUS 
OF 
BLACK 
MEN 
AND 
BOYS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-
pointment, pursuant to section 2(b) of 
Public Law 116–156, as amended by Pub-
lic Law 116–260, and the order of the 
House of January 4, 2021, of the fol-
lowing individual on the part of the 
House to the Commission on the Social 
Status of Black Men and Boys: 
Dr. Joseph E. Marshall, Jr., of San 
Francisco, California. 
PUBLICATION OF COMMITTEE 
RULES 
RULES OF THE COMMITTEE ON HOUSE 
ADMINISTRATION FOR THE 117TH CONGRESS 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
COMMITTEE ON HOUSE ADMINISTRATION 
Washington, DC, February 15, 2021. 
Hon. NANCY PELOSI, 
Speaker, House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR MADAM SPEAKER: Pursuant to clause 
2(a) of rule XI of the Rules of the House of 
Representatives, I submit the Rules of the 
Committee on House Administration for the 
117th Congress for publication in the Con-
gressional Record. On February 10, 2021, the 
Committee met in open session and adopted 
these Rules by voice vote, a quorum being 
present. 
Sincerely, 
ZOE LOFGREN, 
Chairperson. 
Attachment. 
Adopted February 10, 2021 
Rule No. 1—General Provisions 
(a) The Rules of the House of Representa-
tives are the rules of the Committee so far as 
applicable, except that a motion to recess 
from day to day is a privileged motion in the 
Committee. 
(b) The Committee is authorized at any 
time to conduct such investigations and 
studies as it may consider necessary or ap-
propriate in the exercise of its responsibil-
ities under rule X of the Rules of the House 
of Representatives and, subject to the adop-
tion of expense resolutions as required by 
clause 6 of rule X of the Rules of the House 
of Representatives, to incur expenses (in-
cluding travel expenses) in connection there-
with. 
(c) The Committee is authorized to have 
printed and bound testimony and other data 
presented at hearings held by the Com-
mittee, and to make such information avail-
able to the public. All costs of stenographic 
services and transcripts in connection with 
any meeting or hearing of the Committee 
shall be paid from the appropriate House ac-
count. 
(d) The Committee shall submit to the 
House, not later than January 2 of each odd- 
numbered year, a report on the activities of 
the committee under rules X and XI of the 
Rules of the House of Representatives. 
(e) The Committee’s rules shall be made 
publicly available in electronic form and 
published in the Congressional Record not 
later than 60 days after the Chairperson is 
elected in each odd-numbered year. 
Rule No. 2—Regular and Special Meetings 
(a)(l) The regular meeting date of the Com-
mittee shall be the second Tuesday of every 
month when the House is in session in ac-
cordance with clause 2(b) of rule XI of the 
Rules of the House of Representatives. If the 
House is not in session on the second Tues-
day of a month, the regular meeting date 
shall be the third Tuesday of that month. 
(2) Additional meetings may be called by 
the Chairperson of the full Committee as the 
Chairperson considers necessary, or at the 
request of a majority of the members of the 
Committee in accordance with clause 2(c) of 
rule XI of the Rules of the House of Rep-
resentatives. 
(3) The determination of the business to be 
considered at each meeting shall be made by 
the Chairperson subject to clause 2(c) of rule 
XI of the Rules of the House of Representa-
tives. A regularly scheduled meeting may be 
dispensed with if, in the judgment of the 
Chairperson, there is no need for the meet-
ing. 
(b) If the Chairperson is not present at any 
meeting of the Committee, the ranking 
member of the majority party who is present 
shall preside at the meeting. 
(c) The Chairperson, in the case of meet-
ings to be conducted by the Committee shall 
make public announcement of the date, 
place, and subject matter of any meeting to 
be conducted on any measure or matter. 
Such meeting shall not commence earlier 
than the third calendar day (excluding Sat-
urdays, Sundays, or legal holidays except 
when the House is in session on such a day) 
on which members have notice thereof. If the 
Chairperson, with the concurrence of the 
ranking minority member, determines that 
there is good cause to begin the meeting 
sooner, or if the Committee so determines by 
majority vote, a quorum being present, the 
Chairperson shall make the announcement 
at the earliest possible date. The announce-
ment shall promptly be made publicly avail-
able in electronic form and published in the 
Daily Digest. 
(d) The Chairperson, in the case of meet-
ings to be conducted by the Committee shall 
make publicly available in electronic form 
the text of any legislation to be marked up 
at a meeting at least 24 hours before such 
meeting (or at the time of an announcement 
made within 24 hours of such meeting). This 
requirement shall also apply to any resolu-
tion or regulation to be considered at a 
meeting. 
Rule No. 3—Open Meetings 
As required by clause 2(g) of rule XI of the 
Rules of the House of Representatives, each 
meeting for the transaction of business, in-
cluding the markup of legislation of the 
Committee, shall be open to the public ex-
cept when the Committee in open session 
and with a quorum present determines by 
record vote that all or part of the remainder 
of the meeting on that day shall be closed to 
the public because disclosure of matters to 
be considered would endanger national secu-
rity, would compromise sensitive law en-
forcement information, or would tend to de-
fame, degrade, or incriminate any person, or 
otherwise would violate any law or rule of 
the House. Provided, however, that no person 
other than members of the Committee, and 
such congressional staff and such other per-
sons as the Committee may authorize, shall 
be present in any business or markup session 
which has been closed to the public. To the 
maximum extent practicable, the Chair-
person shall cause to be provided audio and 
video coverage of each hearing or meeting 
that allows the public to easily listen to and 
view the proceedings and maintain the re-
cordings of such coverage in a manner that 
is easily accessible to the public. 
Rule No. 4—Records and Rollcalls 
(a)(l) A record vote shall be held if re-
quested by any member of the Committee. 
(2) The result of each record vote in any 
meeting of the Committee shall be made 
publicly available in electronic form within 
48 hours of such record vote. Information so 
available shall include a description of the 
amendment, motion, order or other propo-
sition, the name of each member voting for 
and against, and the members present but 
not voting. 
(3) The Chairperson shall make publicly 
available in electronic form on the Commit-
tee’s website not later than 24 hours after 
the adoption of any amendment, or 48 hours 
after the disposition or withdrawal of any 
other amendment, to a measure or matter 
the text of such amendment. 
(b)(l) Subject to subparagraph (2), the 
Chairperson 
may 
postpone 
further 
pro-
ceedings when a record vote is ordered on the 
question of approving any measure or matter 
or adopting an amendment. The Chairperson 
may resume proceedings on a postponed re-
quest at any time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:12 Feb 16, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A15FE7.004
H15FEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 1-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H509 
February 15, 2021 
(2) In exercising postponement authority 
under subparagraph (1), the Chairperson 
shall take all reasonable steps necessary to 
notify members on the resumption of pro-
ceedings on any postponed record vote. 
(3) When proceedings resume on a post-
poned question, notwithstanding any inter-
vening order for the previous question, an 
underlying proposition shall remain subject 
to further debate or amendment to the same 
extent as when the question was postponed. 
(c) All Committee hearings, records, data, 
charts, and files shall be kept separate and 
distinct 
from 
the 
congressional 
office 
records of the member serving as Chair-
person, and such records shall be the prop-
erty of the House and all members of the 
House shall have access thereto. 
(d) House records of the Committee which 
are at the National Archives shall be made 
available pursuant to rule VII of the Rules of 
the House of Representatives. The Chair-
person shall notify the ranking minority 
member of any decision to withhold a record 
pursuant to the rule, and shall present the 
matter to the Committee upon written re-
quest of any Committee member. 
(e) To the maximum extent feasible, the 
Committee shall make its publications avail-
able in electronic form. 
Rule No. 5—Proxies 
No vote by any member in the Committee 
may be cast by proxy. 
Rule No. 6—Power to Sit and Act; Subpoena 
Power 
(a) For the purpose of carrying out any of 
its functions and duties under rules X and XI 
of the Rules of the House of Representatives, 
the Committee is authorized (subject to sub-
paragraph (b)(l) of this paragraph)— 
(1) to sit and act at such times and places 
within the United States, whether the House 
is in session, has recessed, or has adjourned, 
and to hold such hearings; and 
(2) to require, by subpoena or otherwise, 
the attendance and testimony of such wit-
nesses and the production of such books, 
records, correspondence, memoranda, papers, 
documents, and other materials as it deems 
necessary, including materials in electronic 
form. The Chairperson, or any member des-
ignated by the Chairperson, may administer 
oaths to any witness. 
(b)(l) A subpoena may be authorized and 
issued by the Chairperson of the full Com-
mittee, in accordance with clause 2(m) of 
rule XI of the House of Representatives, in 
the conduct of any investigation or activity 
or series of investigations or activities with-
in the jurisdiction of the Committee, fol-
lowing consultation with the ranking minor-
ity member. 
(2) In addition, a subpoena may be author-
ized and issued by the Committee in accord-
ance with clause 2(m) of rule XI of the Rules 
of the House of Representatives, in the con-
duct of any investigation or activity or se-
ries of investigations or activities, when au-
thorized by a majority of the members vot-
ing, a majority of the Committee being 
present. 
Authorized 
subpoenas 
shall 
be 
signed by the Chairperson or by any member 
designated by the Committee. 
(3) At least two business days before 
issuing any subpoena pursuant to paragraph 
(1) of this subsection, the Chairperson shall 
consult with the ranking minority member 
regarding the authorization and issuance of 
such subpoena, and the Chairperson shall 
provide a full copy of the proposed subpoena, 
including any proposed document schedule, 
at that time. 
(4) The requirements of paragraph (3) may 
be waived in the event of an exigent cir-
cumstance that does not reasonably allow 
for advance written notice. 
Rule No. 7—Quorums 
No measure or recommendation shall be 
reported to the House unless a majority of 
the Committee is actually present. For the 
purposes of taking any action other than re-
porting any measure, issuance of a subpoena 
pursuant to Rule 6(b)(2) of the Rules of the 
Committee, closing meetings, promulgating 
Committee orders, or changing the rules of 
the Committee, one-third of the members of 
the Committee shall constitute a quorum. 
For purposes of taking testimony and receiv-
ing evidence, two members shall constitute a 
quorum. 
Rule No. 8—Amendments 
Any amendment offered to any pending 
legislation before the Committee must be 
made available in written form when re-
quested by any member of the Committee. If 
such amendment is not available in written 
form when requested, the Chairperson will 
allow an appropriate period of time for the 
provision thereof. 
Rule No. 9—Hearing Procedures 
(a) The Chairperson shall make public an-
nouncement of the date, place, and subject 
matter of any hearing to be conducted on 
any measure or matter at least one week be-
fore the commencement of that hearing. If 
the Chairperson, with the concurrence of the 
ranking minority member, determines that 
there is good cause to begin the hearing 
sooner, or if the Committee so determines by 
majority vote, a quorum being present, the 
Chairperson shall make the announcement 
at the earliest possible date, and the an-
nouncement shall be published promptly in 
the Daily Digest and made publicly available 
in electronic form. 
(b) Unless excused by the Chairperson, 
each witness who is to appear before the 
Committee shall file with the clerk of the 
Committee, at least 48 hours in advance of 
their appearance, a written statement of 
their proposed testimony and shall limit 
their oral presentation to a summary of 
their statement. 
(c) When any hearing is conducted by the 
Committee upon any measure or matter, the 
minority party members on the Committee 
shall be entitled, upon request to the Chair-
person by a majority of those minority mem-
bers before the completion of such hearing, 
to call witnesses selected by the minority to 
testify with respect to that measure or mat-
ter during at least one day of hearings there-
on. 
(d) All other members of the Committee 
may have the privilege of sitting with any 
subcommittee during its hearing or delibera-
tions and may participate in such hearings 
or deliberations, but no member who is not a 
member of the subcommittee shall count for 
a quorum or offer any motion or amendment 
or vote on any matter before the sub-
committee. 
(e) Committee members may question wit-
nesses only when they have been recognized 
by the Chairperson for that purpose, and 
only for a five-minute period until all mem-
bers present have had an opportunity to 
question a witness. The five-minute period 
for questioning a witness by any one member 
can be extended as provided by clause 2(j) of 
rule XI of the Rules of the House of Rep-
resentatives. The questioning of a witness in 
Committee hearings shall be initiated by the 
Chairperson, followed by the ranking minor-
ity member and all other members alter-
nating between the majority and minority. 
In recognizing members to question wit-
nesses in this fashion, the Chairperson shall 
take into consideration the ratio of the ma-
jority to minority members present and 
shall establish the order of recognition for 
questioning in such a manner as not to dis-
advantage the members of the majority. The 
Chairperson may accomplish this by recog-
nizing two majority members for each mi-
nority member recognized. 
(f) The following additional rules shall 
apply to hearings of the Committee as appli-
cable: 
(1) The Chairperson at a hearing shall an-
nounce in an opening statement the subject 
of the investigation. 
(2) A copy of the Committee rules and this 
clause shall be made available to each wit-
ness as provided by clause 2(k)(2) of rule XI 
of the Rules of the House of Representatives. 
(3) Witnesses at hearings may be accom-
panied by their own counsel for the purpose 
of advising them concerning their constitu-
tional rights. 
(4) The Chairperson may punish breaches 
of order and decorum, and of professional 
ethics on the part of counsel, by censure and 
exclusion from the hearings; and the Com-
mittee may cite the offender to the House 
for contempt. 
(5) If the Committee determines that evi-
dence or testimony at a hearing may tend to 
defame, degrade, or incriminate any person, 
it shall— 
(A) afford such person an opportunity vol-
untarily to appear as a witness; 
(B) receive such evidence or testimony in 
executive session; and 
(C) receive and dispose of requests from 
such person to subpoena additional wit-
nesses. 
(6) Except as provided in paragraph (5) of 
this subsection, the Chairperson shall re-
ceive, and the Committee shall dispose of, 
requests to subpoena additional witnesses. 
(7) No evidence or testimony taken in exec-
utive session may be released or used in pub-
lic sessions without the consent of the Com-
mittee. 
(8) In the discretion of the Committee, wit-
nesses may submit brief and pertinent sworn 
statements in writing for inclusion in the 
record. The Committee is the sole judge of 
the pertinence of testimony and evidence ad-
duced at its hearing. 
(9) A witness may obtain a transcript copy 
of their testimony given at a public session 
or, if given at an executive session, when au-
thorized by the Committee. 
Rule No. 10—Procedures for Reporting Measures 
or Matters 
(a)(l) It shall be the duty of the Chair-
person to report or cause to be reported 
promptly to the House any measure ap-
proved by the Committee and to take or 
cause to be taken necessary steps to bring 
the matter to a vote. 
(2) In any event, the report of the Com-
mittee on a measure which has been ap-
proved by the Committee shall be filed with-
in seven calendar days (exclusive of days on 
which the House is not in session) after the 
day on which there has been filed with the 
clerk of the Committee a written request, 
signed by a majority of the members of the 
Committee, for the reporting of that meas-
ure. Upon the filing of any such request, the 
clerk of the Committee shall transmit imme-
diately to the Chairperson notice of the fil-
ing of that request. 
(b)(l) No measure or recommendation shall 
be reported to the House unless a majority of 
the Committee is actually present. 
(2) With respect to each record vote on a 
motion to report any measure or matter of a 
public character, and on any amendment of-
fered to the measure or matter, the total 
number of votes cast for and against, and the 
names of those members voting for and 
against, shall be included in the Committee 
report on the measure or matter. 
(c) The report of the Committee on a meas-
ure or matter which has been approved by 
the Committee shall include the matters re-
quired by clause 3(c) of Rule XIII of the 
Rules of the House of Representatives. 
(d)(l) If, at the time any measure or matter 
is ordered reported by the Committee, any 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:12 Feb 16, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A15FE7.008
H15FEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 2-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H510 
February 15, 2021 
member of the Committee gives notice of in-
tention to file supplemental, minority, addi-
tional, or dissenting views for inclusion in 
the report, members shall be entitled to not 
less than two additional calendar days after 
the day of such notice, commencing on the 
day on which the measure or matter(s) was 
approved, excluding Saturdays, Sundays, and 
legal holidays, in which to file such views, in 
writing and signed by that member, with the 
clerk of the Committee. 
(2) All such views so filed by one or more 
members of the Committee shall be included 
within, and shall be a part of, the report filed 
by the Committee with respect to that meas-
ure or matter. 
(3) The report of the Comittee upon that 
measure or matter shall be printed in a sin-
gle volume which— 
(A) shall include all supplemental, minor-
ity, additional or dissenting views, in the 
form submitted, by the time of the filing of 
the report, and 
(B) shall bear upon its cover a recital that 
any such supplemental, minority, additional, 
or dissenting views (and any material sub-
mitted under clause 3(c)(3) of rule XIII of the 
Rules of the House of Representatives) are 
included as part of the report. This subpara-
graph does not preclude— 
(i) the immediate filing or printing of a 
Committee report unless timely request for 
the opportunity to file supplemental, minor-
ity, additional, or dissenting views has been 
made as provided under clause 2(1) of rule XI 
of the Rules of the House of Representatives; 
or 
(ii) the filing of any supplemental report 
upon any measure or matter which may be 
required for the correction of any technical 
error in a previous report made by the Com-
mittee upon that measure or matter. 
(4) shall, when appropriate, contain the 
documents required by clause 3(e) of rule 
XIII of the Rules of the House of Representa-
tives. 
(e) The Chairperson, following consulta-
tion with the ranking minority member, is 
directed to offer a motion under clause 1 of 
rule XXII of the Rules of the House of Rep-
resentatives relating to going to conference 
with the Senate, whenever the Chairperson 
considers it appropriate. 
(f) If hearings have been held on any such 
measure or matter so reported, the Com-
mittee shall make every reasonable effort to 
have such hearings published and available 
to the members of the House prior to the 
consideration of such measure or matter in 
the House. 
(g) The Chairperson may designate any 
majority member of the Committee to act as 
floor manager of a bill or resolution during 
its consideration in the House. 
Rule No. 11—Committee Oversight 
(a) The Committee shall conduct oversight 
of matters within the jurisdiction of the 
Committee in accordance with clauses 2 and 
4(d) of rule X of the Rules of the House of 
Representatives. 
(b) Not later than March 1 of the first ses-
sion of a Congress and in accordance with 
clause 2(d) of rule X of the Rules of the 
House of Representatives, the Committee 
shall prepare an oversight plan for that Con-
gress. 
Rule No. 12—Review of Continuing Programs; 
Budget Act Provisions 
(a) The Committee shall, in its consider-
ation of all bills and joint resolutions of a 
public character within its jurisdiction, en-
sure that appropriation for continuing pro-
grams and activities of the Federal Govern-
ment will be made annually to the maximum 
extent feasible and consistent with the na-
ture, requirement, and objectives of the pro-
grams and activities involved. For the pur-
poses of this paragraph a Government agen-
cy includes the organizational units of gov-
ernment listed in clause 4(e) of rule X of the 
Rules of the House of Representatives. 
(b) The Committee shall review, from time 
to time, each continuing program within its 
jurisdiction for which appropriations are not 
made annually in order to ascertain whether 
such program could be modified so that ap-
propriations therefore would be made annu-
ally. 
(c) The Committee shall, in accordance 
with clause 4(f)(1) of rule X of the Rules of 
the House of Representatives, submit to the 
Committee on the Budget (1) its views and 
estimates with respect to all matters to be 
set forth in the concurrent resolution on the 
budget for the ensuing fiscal year which are 
within its jurisdiction or functions, and (2) 
an estimate of the total amounts of new 
budget authority, and budget outlays result-
ing there from, to be provided or authorized 
in all bills and resolutions within its juris-
diction which it intends to be effective dur-
ing that fiscal year. 
(d) Whenever the Committee is directed in 
a concurrent resolution on the budget to de-
termine and recommend changes in laws, 
bills, or resolutions under the reconciliation 
process it shall promptly make such deter-
mination and recommendations, and report a 
reconciliation bill or resolution (or both) to 
the House or submit such recommendations 
to the Committee on the Budget, in accord-
ance with the Congressional Budget Act of 
1974. 
Rule No. 13—Audio and Visual Coverage of 
Committee Proceedings 
Whenever any hearing or meeting con-
ducted by the Committee is open to the pub-
lic, those proceedings shall be open to cov-
erage by audio and visual means as provided 
in clause 4 of rule XI of the Rules of the 
House of Representatives, subject to the lim-
itations therein. 
Rule No. 14—Committee Staff 
The staff of the Committee on House Ad-
ministration shall be appointed as follows: 
(a) The staff shall be appointed by the 
Chairperson except as provided in paragraph 
(b), and may be removed by the Chairperson, 
and shall work under the general supervision 
and direction of the Chairperson; 
(b) All staff provided to the minority party 
members of the Committee shall be ap-
pointed by the ranking minority member, 
and may be removed by the ranking minor-
ity member of the Committee, and shall 
work under the general supervision and di-
rection of such member; 
(c) The appointment of all professional 
staff shall be subject to the approval of the 
Committee as provided by, and subject to the 
provisions of, clause 9 of rule X of the Rules 
of the House of Representatives; 
(d) The Chairperson shall fix the compensa-
tion of all staff of the Committee, after con-
sultation with the ranking minority member 
regarding any minority party staff, within 
the budget approved for such purposes for 
the Committee. 
Rule No. 15—Travel of Members and Staff 
(a) Consistent with the primary expense 
resolution and such additional expense reso-
lutions as may have been approved, the pro-
visions of this rule shall govern travel of 
Committee members and staff. Travel for 
any member or any staff member shall be 
paid only upon the prior authorization of the 
Chairperson or their designee. Travel may be 
authorized by the Chairperson for any mem-
ber and any staff member in connection with 
the attendance at hearings conducted by the 
Committee and meetings, conferences, and 
investigations which involve activities or 
subject matter under the general jurisdiction 
of the Committee. Before such authorization 
is given there shall be submitted to the 
Chairperson in writing the following: 
(1) The purpose of the travel; 
(2) The dates during which the travel will 
occur; 
(3) The locations to be visited and the 
length of time to be spent in each; and 
(4) The names of members and staff seek-
ing authorization. 
(b)(l) In the case of travel outside the 
United States of members and staff of the 
Committee for the purpose of conducting 
hearings, investigations, studies, or attend-
ing meetings and conferences involving ac-
tivities or subject matter under the legisla-
tive assignment of the committee, prior au-
thorization must be obtained from the Chair-
person. Before such authorization is given, 
there shall be submitted to the Chairperson, 
in writing, a request for such authorization. 
Each request, which shall be filed in a man-
ner that allows for a reasonable period of 
time for review before such travel is sched-
uled to begin, shall include the following: 
(A) the purpose of the travel; 
(B) the dates during which the travel will 
occur; 
(C) the names of the countries to be visited 
and the length of time to be spent in each; 
(D) an agenda of anticipated activities for 
each country for which travel is authorized 
together with a description of the purpose to 
be served and the areas of committee juris-
diction involved; and 
(E) the names of members and staff for 
whom authorization is sought. 
(2) At the conclusion of any hearing, inves-
tigation, study, meeting, or conference for 
which travel outside the United States has 
been authorized pursuant to this rule, mem-
bers and staff attending meetings or con-
ferences shall submit a written report to the 
Chairperson covering the activities and 
other pertinent observations or information 
gained as a result of such travel. 
(c) Members and staff of the Committee 
performing authorized travel on official busi-
ness shall be governed by applicable laws, 
resolutions, or regulations of the House and 
of the Committee on House Administration 
pertaining to such travel. 
Rule No. 16—Staff Deposition Authority 
The Chairperson may authorize the staff of 
the Committee to conduct depositions pursu-
ant to section 3(b) of House Resolution 8, 
One Hundred Seventeenth Congress, and sub-
ject to any regulations issued pursuant 
thereto. 
Rule No. 17— Number and Jurisdiction of Sub-
committees 
(a) There shall be one standing sub-
committee, with party ratios of members as 
indicated. The subcommittee shall have ju-
risdiction as stated by these rules, may con-
duct oversight over such subject matter, and 
may consider such legislation as may be re-
ferred to them by the Chairperson. The name 
and jurisdiction of the subcommittee shall 
be: 
(1) Subcommittee on Elections (3/1)—Mat-
ters relating to voting rights issues and such 
other matters as may be referred to the sub-
committee. 
1(b) The Chairperson may establish and ap-
point members, consistent with the ratio be-
tween majority and minority members serv-
ing on the Subcommittee on Elections, to 
serve on task forces, panels, special, or select 
subcommittees of the Committee, to perform 
specific functions for limited periods of time, 
as the Chairperson deems appropriate. 
Rule No. 18—Referral of Legislation to Sub-
committees 
The Chairperson may refer legislation or 
other matters to the subcommittee as the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:12 Feb 16, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00004
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A15FE7.009
H15FEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 3-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H511 
February 15, 2021 
Chairperson 
considers 
appropriate. 
The 
Chairperson 
may 
discharge 
the 
sub-
committee of any matter referred to it. 
Rule No. 19—Powers and Duties of Subcommit-
tees 
The subcommittee is authorized to meet, 
hold hearings, receive evidence and report to 
the full committee on all matters referred to 
it. The subcommittee shall not meet during 
any full Committee meeting or hearing. 
Rule No. 20—Other Procedures and Regulations 
The Chairperson may establish such other 
procedures and take such actions as may be 
necessary to carry out the foregoing rules or 
to facilitate the effective operation of the 
committee. 
Rule No. 21—Designation of Clerk of the Com-
mittee 
For the purposes of these Rules and the 
Rules of the House of Representatives, the 
staff director of the Committee shall act as 
the clerk of the Committee. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 5(a)(1)(B) of House Reso-
lution 8, the House stands adjourned 
until 12:30 p.m. on Thursday, February 
18, 2021. 
Thereupon (at 9 o’clock and 35 min-
utes a.m.), under its previous order, the 
House adjourned until Thursday, Feb-
ruary 18, 2021, at 12:30 p.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the 
Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
EC-258. A communication from the Presi-
dent of the United States, transmitting a 
proclamation that terminates the national 
emergency first declared in Proclamation 
9844 of February 15, 2019 (Declaring a Na-
tional Emergency Concerning the Southern 
Boarder of the United States), pursuant to 50 
U.S.C. 1622 (H. Doc. No. 117—15); to the Com-
mittee on Armed Services and ordered to be 
printed. 
EC-259. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental 
Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-
cy’s final rule — Control of Air Pollution 
From Airplanes and Airplane Engines: GHG 
Emission Standards and Test Procedures 
[EPA-HQ-OAR-2018-0276; 
FRL-10018-45-OAR] 
(RIN: 2060-AT26) received February 2, 2021, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
EC-260. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental 
Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-
cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation 
of Implementation Plans; Colorado; Revi-
sions to Regulation Number 7 and RACT Re-
quirements for 2008 8-Hour Ozone Standard 
for the Denver Metro/North Front Range 
Nonattainment 
Area 
[EPA-R08-OAR-2020- 
0114; FRL-10019-22-Region 8] received Feb-
ruary 
2, 
2021, 
pursuant 
to 
5 
U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. 
EC-261. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental 
Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-
cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Cali-
fornia; South Coast Air Quality Management 
District; Ventura County Air Pollution Con-
trol District [EPA-R09-OAR-2020-0121; FRL- 
10017-02-Region 9] received February 2, 2021, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
EC-262. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental 
Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-
cy’s final action — Review of the Ozone Na-
tional Ambient Air Quality Standards [EPA- 
HQ-OAR-2018-0279; FRL-10019-04-OAR] (RIN: 
2060-AU40) received February 2, 2021, pursu-
ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 
121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee 
on Energy and Commerce. 
EC-263. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental 
Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-
cy’s final rule — Improvements for Heavy- 
Duty Engine and Vehicle Test Procedures, 
and Other Technical Amendments [EPA-HQ- 
OAR-2019-0307; FRL-10006-90-OAR] (RIN: 2060- 
AU62) received February 2, 2021, pursuant to 
5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-
ergy and Commerce. 
EC-264. A communication from the Presi-
dent of the United States, transmitting an 
Executive Order declaring a national emer-
gency with respect to the unusual and ex-
traordinary threat to the national security 
and foreign policy of the United States posed 
by the situation in Burma, pursuant to 50 
U.S.C. 1701 et seq.; 50 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.; 8 
U.S.C. 1182(f); and 3 U.S.C. 301 (H. Doc. No. 
117—13); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs 
and ordered to be printed. 
EC-265. A communication from the Presi-
dent of the United States, transmitting noti-
fication that the national emergency with 
respect to Libya, that was declared in Execu-
tive Order 13566 of February 25, 2011, is to 
continue in effect beyond February 25, 2021, 
pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1622(d); Public Law 94- 
412, Sec. 202(d); (90 Stat. 1257) (H. Doc. No. 
117—14); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs 
and ordered to be printed. 
EC-266. A letter from the Director, Legal 
Processing Division, Internal Revenue Serv-
ice, transmitting the Service’s final regula-
tions — Source of Income From Certain 
Sales of Personal Property [TD 9921] (RIN: 
1545-BP16) received February 2, 2021, pursu-
ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 
121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee 
on Ways and Means. 
EC-267. A letter from the Director, Legal 
Processing Division, Internal Revenue Serv-
ice, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule 
— Beginning of Construction for Sections 45 
and 48; Extension of Continuity Safe Harbor 
for Offshore Projects [Notice 2021-5] received 
February 2, 2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and 
Means. 
EC-268. A letter from the Director, Legal 
Processing Division, Internal Revenue Serv-
ice, transmitting the Service’s final regula-
tions — Guidance on Passive Foreign Invest-
ment Companies [TD 9936] (RIN: 1545-BO59) 
received February 2, 2021, pursuant to 5 
U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on 
Ways and Means. 
EC-269. A letter from the Director, Legal 
Processing Division, Internal Revenue Serv-
ice, transmitting the Service’s final regula-
tions — Excise Taxes; Transportation of Per-
sons by Air; Transportation of Property by 
Air; Aircraft Management Services [TD 9948] 
(RIN: 1545-BP37) received February 2, 2021, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following 
titles were introduced and severally re-
ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. ALLEN: 
H.R. 1037. A bill to reform the H-2A pro-
gram for nonimmigrant agricultural work-
ers, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. ARMSTRONG: 
H.R. 1038. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture 
to provide a plan to ensure adequate staffing 
throughout organizational units of the De-
partment of the Interior and Department of 
Agriculture to review communications use 
authorizations in a timely manner; to the 
Committee on Natural Resources, and in ad-
dition to the Committee on Agriculture, for 
a period to be subsequently determined by 
the Speaker, in each case for consideration 
of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-
tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BILIRAKIS: 
H.R. 1039. A bill to provide that a project 
for the deployment or modification of a com-
munications facility entirely within a flood-
plain is not subject to requirements to pre-
pare certain environmental or historical 
preservation reviews; to the Committee on 
Energy and Commerce, and in addition to 
the Committee on Natural Resources, for a 
period to be subsequently determined by the 
Speaker, in each case for consideration of 
such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-
tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BURGESS: 
H.R. 1040. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide taxpayers a flat 
tax alternative to the current income tax 
system; to the Committee on Ways and 
Means, and in addition to the Committee on 
Rules, for a period to be subsequently deter-
mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-
sideration of such provisions as fall within 
the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-
sylvania: 
H.R. 1041. A bill to repeal the debt ceiling; 
to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. BUCSHON: 
H.R. 1042. A bill to provide an enhanced 
general penalty for any person who willfully 
or maliciously destroys a communications 
facility; to the Committee on Energy and 
Commerce, and in addition to the Committee 
on the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-
quently determined by the Speaker, in each 
case for consideration of such provisions as 
fall within the jurisdiction of the committee 
concerned. 
By Mr. CARTER of Georgia: 
H.R. 1043. A bill to provide that an eligible 
facilities request under section 6409(a) of the 
Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation 
Act of 2012 is not subject to requirements to 
prepare certain environmental or historical 
preservation reviews; to the Committee on 
Energy and Commerce, and in addition to 
the Committee on Natural Resources, for a 
period to be subsequently determined by the 
Speaker, in each case for consideration of 
such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-
tion of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. CRAIG: 
H.R. 1044. A bill to create a task force at 
the Federal Communications Commission to 
ensure the policy and funding decisions of 
the Commission are informed by data collec-
tion and analysis required in title VIII of the 
Communications Act of 1934, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. 
By Mr. CRENSHAW: 
H.R. 1045. A bill to amend the Middle Class 
Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012 to 
amend the definition of eligible facilities re-
quest, to codify the 60-day time frame for 
certain eligible facilities requests and cer-
tain eligible telecommunications facilities 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:12 Feb 16, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00005
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A15FE7.010
H15FEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 4-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H512 
February 15, 2021 
requests, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. CURTIS: 
H.R. 1046. A bill to require the Federal 
Communications 
Commission 
to 
provide 
broadband availability data to the Depart-
ment of the Interior; to the Committee on 
Energy and Commerce, and in addition to 
the Committees on Natural Resources, and 
Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently 
determined by the Speaker, in each case for 
consideration of such provisions as fall with-
in the jurisdiction of the committee con-
cerned. 
By Mr. CURTIS: 
H.R. 1047. A bill to allow certain State and 
Tribal permitting authority to encourage ex-
pansion of broadband service to rural and 
Tribal communities, and for other purposes; 
to the Committee on Natural Resources, and 
in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, 
for a period to be subsequently determined 
by the Speaker, in each case for consider-
ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-
risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. DUNCAN: 
H.R. 1048. A bill to prohibit the transfer or 
release of individuals detained at United 
States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, 
Cuba, to the United States; to the Com-
mittee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. DUNCAN: 
H.R. 1049. A bill to require the Assistant 
Secretary of Commerce for Communications 
and Information to establish an interagency 
strike force to increase prioritization by the 
Department of Interior and Department of 
Agriculture by senior management of the 
Department of Interior and Department of 
Agriculture, or an organizational unit of re-
views for communications use authoriza-
tions; to the Committee on Energy and Com-
merce, and in addition to the Committees on 
Natural Resources, and Agriculture, for a pe-
riod to be subsequently determined by the 
Speaker, in each case for consideration of 
such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-
tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. DUNN: 
H.R. 1050. A bill to provide that a project 
to replace or improve a communications fa-
cility following a major disaster or an emer-
gency declared by the President is not sub-
ject to requirements to prepare certain envi-
ronmental or historical preservation re-
views, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-
dition to the Committee on Natural Re-
sources, for a period to be subsequently de-
termined by the Speaker, in each case for 
consideration of such provisions as fall with-
in the jurisdiction of the committee con-
cerned. 
By Mr. GRIFFITH: 
H.R. 1051. A bill to amend the Communica-
tions Act of 1934 to streamline siting proc-
esses for telecommunications service facili-
ties, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. GRIJALVA (for himself, Mr. 
O’HALLERAN, Mr. GARCI´A of Illinois, 
Mr. HUFFMAN, Ms. VELA´ ZQUEZ, Mr. 
LOWENTHAL, 
Mr. 
STANTON, 
Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO, Mr. SABLAN, Mrs. KIRK-
PATRICK, Mr. NADLER, Mr. CASTEN, 
Mr. 
LEVIN
of 
California, 
Mr. 
GALLEGO, Mr. NEGUSE, and Mr. BLU-
MENAUER): 
H.R. 1052. A bill to withdraw certain Fed-
eral land in the State of Arizona from loca-
tion, entry, and patent under mining laws, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Natural Resources. 
By Mr. GUTHRIE: 
H.R. 1053. A bill to provide that a project 
to remove and replace 
communications 
equipment or services listed under the Se-
cure and Trusted Communications Networks 
Act of 2019 is not subject to requirements to 
prepare certain environmental or historical 
preservation reviews; to the Committee on 
Energy and Commerce, and in addition to 
the Committee on Natural Resources, for a 
period to be subsequently determined by the 
Speaker, in each case for consideration of 
such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-
tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. HASTINGS (for himself, Mrs. 
HAYES, Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. THOMP-
SON of Mississippi, Mr. SIRES, Mr. 
SOTO, and Mr. SAN NICOLAS): 
H.R. 1054. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Education to provide assistance to the im-
mediate family of elementary or secondary 
school staff members killed in an act of vio-
lence while performing school duties; to the 
Committee on Ways and Means, and in addi-
tion to the Committee on Education and 
Labor, for a period to be subsequently deter-
mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-
sideration of such provisions as fall within 
the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. HUDSON: 
H.R. 1055. A bill to require the Assistant 
Secretary of Commerce for Communications 
and Information to submit a plan to Con-
gress to track requests for communications 
use authorization on Federal land; to the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio: 
H.R. 1056. A bill to provide that a project 
for the collocation of a personal wireless 
service facility is not subject to require-
ments to prepare certain environmental or 
historical preservation reviews; to the Com-
mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-
dition to the Committee on Natural Re-
sources, for a period to be subsequently de-
termined by the Speaker, in each case for 
consideration of such provisions as fall with-
in the jurisdiction of the committee con-
cerned. 
By Ms. KAPTUR (for herself, Mr. 
KINZINGER, Mr. FITZPATRICK, Mrs. 
CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York, 
Mr. FOSTER, Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. 
COSTA, Mrs. AXNE, Mr. RASKIN, Mr. 
SIRES, Mr. GONZALEZ
of Ohio, Ms. 
BROWNLEY, Ms. LEE of California, Mr. 
JOYCE of Ohio, Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD, 
Mrs. RODGERS
of Washington, Mr. 
BALDERSON, Mr. MAST, Mr. PASCRELL, 
Ms. NORTON, Mr. HARDER
of Cali-
fornia, Mr. SUOZZI, Mr. BISHOP
of 
Georgia, Mr. LAMB, Mr. TRONE, Mr. 
VARGAS, Mr. COLE, Mr. KILMER, Mr. 
FORTENBERRY, 
Mr. 
MOULTON, 
Mr. 
BOST, Mr. RUTHERFORD, Mr. COMER, 
Mr. RYAN, Mrs. KIRKPATRICK, Mr. 
CALVERT, Mrs. HARTZLER, Mr. DIAZ- 
BALART, Mr. CLINE, Mrs. BUSTOS, Mr. 
BACON, Mr. MOOLENAAR, Mr. PAPPAS, 
Mr. 
MOONEY, 
Ms. 
CHENEY, 
Mr. 
GRAVES
of Missouri, Mr. AGUILAR, 
Ms. GRANGER, Ms. CHU, Mr. CHABOT, 
Mr. 
GAETZ, 
Mr. 
DEUTCH, 
Mrs. 
DEMINGS, Mr. CARSON, Mr. THOMPSON 
of 
California, 
Mr. 
CUELLAR, 
Mr. 
CRAWFORD, Mr. GIBBS, Mr. GUTHRIE, 
Ms. WILD, Mr. BUTTERFIELD, Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO, Mrs. MURPHY of Florida, 
Mr. LATTA, Mr. KIM of New Jersey, 
Mr. STEUBE, Mr. COOPER, Mr. NAD-
LER, Mrs. WATSON
COLEMAN, Mr. 
ZELDIN, 
Ms. 
VELA´ ZQUEZ, 
Mr. 
CA´ RDENAS, Mr. LIEU, Mr. NEAL, Ms. 
STEFANIK, Ms. MCCOLLUM, Mr. RUP-
PERSBERGER, 
Mr. 
NEGUSE, 
Mr. 
GALLEGO, Mr. PAYNE, Mr. TURNER, 
Mr. HICE of Georgia, Mr. SOTO, Ms. 
KELLY of Illinois, Mrs. WALORSKI, Mr. 
POSEY, Mr. BANKS, Mr. DESJARLAIS, 
Mrs. HAYES, Mrs. BEATTY, Mr. CON-
NOLLY, Ms. DAVIDS of Kansas, Mr. 
CARTER of Georgia, Ms. BONAMICI, Mr. 
JOHNSON of Ohio, Mr. THOMPSON of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. LARSON
of Con-
necticut, Mr. WESTERMAN, Mr. KELLY 
of Pennsylvania, Ms. SEWELL, Mr. 
LAMALFA, Mr. JOYCE
of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. LONG, Mr. KHANNA, Mr. 
MCGOVERN, Mr. SWALWELL, Mr. GRI-
JALVA, Mr. HERN, Mr. ESPAILLAT, Mr. 
THOMPSON of Mississippi, Ms. BASS, 
Mr. CICILLINE, Mr. STANTON, Mr. 
MCKINLEY, Ms. FUDGE, Mr. BURGESS, 
Mr. VICENTE GONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. 
STEIL, Ms. KUSTER, Mr. WALBERG, 
Mr. BISHOP of North Carolina, Mrs. 
LURIA, Ms. DELAURO, Mr. KUSTOFF, 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER, Mr. BAIRD, Mr. 
COHEN, Mr. CASTEN, Mr. VEASEY, Mrs. 
RADEWAGEN, 
Mr. 
TONKO, 
Mr. 
WENSTRUP, Mr. POCAN, Mr. HASTINGS, 
Ms. HOULAHAN, Mr. GOTTHEIMER, Mr. 
NORMAN, Mr. CARBAJAL, Mr. EMMER, 
Miss RICE of New York, Mr. GOH-
MERT, Mr. KELLY of Mississippi, Mr. 
KATKO, Mr. JACOBS of New York, Ms. 
DELBENE, and Ms. ADAMS): 
H.R. 1057. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Treasury to mint coins in commemora-
tion of the National World War II Memorial 
in Washington, DC, and for other purposes; 
to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. KINZINGER: 
H.R. 1058. A bill to amend the Middle Class 
Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012 to 
amend the definition of eligible facilities re-
quest, to codify the 60-day time frame for 
certain eligible facilities requests, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on Energy 
and Commerce. 
By Mr. LARSEN of Washington (for 
himself, Mr. VEASEY, Ms. SCHRIER, 
Mr. RUSH, Mr. GARCI´A of Illinois, Ms. 
DAVIDS of Kansas, Mr. HASTINGS, Mr. 
SARBANES, Mr. CARBAJAL, Mr. KIL-
MER, Ms. BARRAGA´ N, Ms. SEWELL, Ms. 
NORTON, Mr. COOPER, Ms. LEE of Cali-
fornia, Ms. MOORE of Wisconsin, Ms. 
DEGETTE, 
Ms. 
SCHAKOWSKY, 
Mr. 
JONES, Ms. JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. 
MCNERNEY, Mr. BLUMENAUER, Mr. 
BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania, 
Ms. BROWNLEY, Mr. JOHNSON of Geor-
gia, Ms. SPEIER, Ms. TITUS, Mr. 
WELCH, Mr. GARAMENDI, Mrs. WATSON 
COLEMAN, Mr. CARSON, Mr. GRIJALVA, 
Mrs. BEATTY, Mr. POCAN, Mr. SOTO, 
Mr. HIMES, Ms. STRICKLAND, Mr. 
SMITH of Washington, Ms. MCCOLLUM, 
Mr. SWALWELL, Mr. ESPAILLAT, Ms. 
OMAR, and Mr. ALLRED): 
H.R. 1059. A bill to amend the Help Amer-
ica Vote Act of 2002 to permit an individual 
who is subject to a requirement to present 
identification as a condition of voting in an 
election for Federal office to meet such re-
quirement by presenting a sworn written 
statement attesting to the individual’s iden-
tification, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on House Administration. 
By Mr. LATTA: 
H.R. 1060. A bill to amend the Communica-
tions Act of 1934 to streamline siting proc-
esses for personal wireless service facilities, 
including small personal wireless service fa-
cilities, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mrs. LESKO: 
H.R. 1061. A bill to amend the Communica-
tions Act of 1934 to preserve cable fran-
chising authority, and for other purposes; to 
the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. MCKINLEY (for himself and Mr. 
VEASEY): 
H.R. 1062. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to extend and allow an 
elective payment of the tax credit for carbon 
oxide sequestration; to the Committee on 
Ways and Means. 
By Mrs. MILLER of West Virginia (for 
herself and Mr. CUELLAR): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:12 Feb 16, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00006
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\L15FE7.100
H15FEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 5-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H513 
February 15, 2021 
H.R. 1063. A bill to promote the general 
health and well-being of individuals access-
ing work through digital marketplace com-
panies, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Education and Labor. 
By Mr. MULLIN: 
H.R. 1064. A bill to amend the Communica-
tions Act of 1934 to amend provisions relat-
ing to franchise term and termination and 
provisions relating to the elimination or 
modification of requirements in franchises, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. NADLER (for himself, Mr. 
KATKO, Mrs. MCBATH, Ms. HERRERA 
BEUTLER, and Mr. SCOTT of Virginia): 
H.R. 1065. A bill to eliminate discrimina-
tion and promote women’s health and eco-
nomic security by ensuring reasonable work-
place accommodations for workers whose 
ability to perform the functions of a job are 
limited by pregnancy, childbirth, or a re-
lated medical condition; to the Committee 
on Education and Labor, and in addition to 
the Committees on House Administration, 
Oversight and Reform, and the Judiciary, for 
a period to be subsequently determined by 
the Speaker, in each case for consideration 
of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-
tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. NEGUSE (for himself, Mr. CUR-
TIS, Mr. O’HALLERAN, Mr. STEWART, 
Ms. NORTON, Ms. JACKSON LEE, and 
Mr. SAN NICOLAS): 
H.R. 1066. A bill to amend the Robert T. 
Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency As-
sistance Act to provide flexibility with the 
cost share for fire management assistance, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. PALMER: 
H.R. 1067. A bill to streamline the process 
for consideration of applications for the 
placement of communications facilities on 
certain buildings and other property owned 
by the Federal Government, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure, and in addition to 
the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for 
a period to be subsequently determined by 
the Speaker, in each case for consideration 
of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-
tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. PASCRELL (for himself, Mr. 
LEVIN of Michigan, Ms. PORTER, Mr. 
BEYER, Mr. SUOZZI, and Mr. BLU-
MENAUER): 
H.R. 1068. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide for the proper 
tax treatment of personal service income 
earned in pass-thru entities; to the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. PENCE: 
H.R. 1069. A bill to amend the Communica-
tions Act of 1934 to provide that the Federal 
Communications Commission is not required 
to perform any review under the National 
Environmental Policy Act of 1969 or division 
A of subtitle III of title 54, United States 
Code, as a condition of permitting the place-
ment and installation of a communications 
facility, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-
dition to the Committee on Natural Re-
sources, for a period to be subsequently de-
termined by the Speaker, in each case for 
consideration of such provisions as fall with-
in the jurisdiction of the committee con-
cerned. 
By Mr. POSEY: 
H.R. 1070. A bill to amend the Help Amer-
ica Vote Act of 2002 to prohibit States from 
using proprietary voting system hardware or 
software in the administration of an election 
for Federal office which prevents the system 
from meeting the voluntary voting system 
guidelines 
for 
interoperability 
and 
auditability issued by the Election Assist-
ance Commission under such Act; to the 
Committee on House Administration. 
By Mr. POSEY: 
H.R. 1071. A bill to amend the Help Amer-
ica Vote Act of 2002 to prohibit States from 
using a voting system which is connected to 
the Internet in the administration of an elec-
tion for Federal office; to the Committee on 
House Administration. 
By Ms. PRESSLEY (for herself, Ms. 
GARCIA of Texas, Mrs. DEMINGS, Mr. 
TRONE, Mrs. HAYES, Ms. SPEIER, Mr. 
ESPAILLAT, and Mr. DESAULNIER): 
H.R. 1072. A bill to report data on COVID- 
19 in Federal, State, and local correctional 
facilities, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition 
to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, 
for a period to be subsequently determined 
by the Speaker, in each case for consider-
ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-
risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. RODGERS of Washington: 
H.R. 1073. A bill to provide that construc-
tion, rebuilding, or hardening of communica-
tions facilities following a major emergency 
declared by a Governor relating to a wildfire 
are not subject to requirements to prepare 
certain environmental or historical preser-
vation reviews; to the Committee on Energy 
and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-
mittee on Natural Resources, for a period to 
be subsequently determined by the Speaker, 
in each case for consideration of such provi-
sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
By Mr. SCALISE: 
H.R. 1074. A bill to provide that the deploy-
ment of a small personal wireless service fa-
cility shall not constitute an undertaking 
under section 300320 of title 54, United States 
Code, or a major Federal action for the pur-
poses of section 102(2)(C) of the National En-
vironmental Policy Act of 1969, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on Energy and 
Commerce, and in addition to the Committee 
on Natural Resources, for a period to be sub-
sequently determined by the Speaker, in 
each case for consideration of such provi-
sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
By Mr. SCHIFF: 
H.R. 1075. A bill to adjust the boundary of 
the 
Santa 
Monica 
Mountains 
National 
Recreation Area to include the Rim of the 
Valley Corridor, and for other purposes; to 
the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. SCHNEIDER: 
H.R. 1076. A bill to amend the Federal Elec-
tion Campaign Act of 1971 to require all po-
litical committees to notify the Federal 
Election Commission within 48 hours of re-
ceiving cumulative contributions of $1,000 or 
more from any contributor during a calendar 
year; to the Committee on House Adminis-
tration. 
By Mr. SCHNEIDER: 
H.R. 1077. A bill to amend the Ethics in 
Government Act of 1978 to require senior Ex-
ecutive branch employees to sign an ethics 
pledge, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Oversight and Reform. 
By Mr. SCHNEIDER: 
H.R. 1078. A bill to provide that a former 
Member of Congress receiving compensation 
as a lobbyist shall be ineligible to receive 
certain Federal retirement benefits or to use 
certain congressional benefits and services, 
to require each Member of Congress to post 
on the Member’s official public website a 
hyperlink to the most recent annual finan-
cial disclosure report filed by the Member 
under the Ethics in Government Act of 1978, 
to prohibit the use of appropriated funds to 
pay for the costs of travel by the spouse of a 
Member of Congress who accompanies the 
Member on official travel, to restrict the use 
of travel promotional awards by Members of 
Congress who receive such awards in connec-
tion with official air travel, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on House Admin-
istration, and in addition to the Committees 
on Oversight and Reform, Rules, and Trans-
portation and Infrastructure, for a period to 
be subsequently determined by the Speaker, 
in each case for consideration of such provi-
sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for him-
self and Ms. BASS): 
H.R. 1079. A bill to establish an inter-
agency working group to develop a com-
prehensive, strategic plan to control locust 
outbreaks in the East Africa region and ad-
dress future outbreaks in order to avert mass 
scale food insecurity and potential political 
destabilization, and for other purposes; to 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for him-
self, Mr. ADERHOLT, Mr. ALLEN, Mr. 
ARMSTRONG, 
Mr. 
ARRINGTON, 
Mr. 
BABIN, Mr. BACON, Mr. BALDERSON, 
Mr. BANKS, Mr. BARR, Mr. BERGMAN, 
Mrs. BICE of Oklahoma, Mr. BIGGS, 
Mr. BILIRAKIS, Mr. BISHOP of North 
Carolina, Mrs. BOEBERT, Mr. BOST, 
Mr. BROOKS, Mr. BUCSHON, Mr. BUDD, 
Mr. BURCHETT, Mr. BURGESS, Mr. 
CARL, Mr. CARTER of Georgia, Mr. 
CAWTHORN, Ms. CHENEY, Mr. CLOUD, 
Mr. CLYDE, Mr. DAVIDSON, Mr. ROD-
NEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. DUNCAN, 
Mr. DUNN, Mr. EMMER, Mr. ESTES, 
Mr. FEENSTRA, Mrs. FISCHBACH, Mr. 
FORTENBERRY, 
Ms. 
FOXX, 
Mr. 
C. 
SCOTT
FRANKLIN
of 
Florida, 
Mr. 
GAETZ, 
Mr. 
GIBBS, 
Mr. 
TONY 
GONZALES of Texas, Mr. GONZALEZ of 
Ohio, Mr. GOOD
of Virginia, Mr. 
GRAVES of Louisiana, Mr. GRAVES of 
Missouri, Mr. GROTHMAN, Mr. GUEST, 
Mr. GUTHRIE, Mr. HAGEDORN, Mr. 
HARRIS, 
Mrs. 
HARSHBARGER, 
Mrs. 
HARTZLER, Mr. HERN, Ms. HERRELL, 
Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER, Mr. HICE of 
Georgia, Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana, 
Mr. HILL, Mrs. HINSON, Mr. HOLLINGS-
WORTH, Mr. HUDSON, Mr. HUIZENGA, 
Mr. JACOBS of New York, Mr. JOHN-
SON of South Dakota, Mr. JOHNSON of 
Louisiana, Mr. JORDAN, Mr. JOYCE of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. KELLY of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. KELLY of Mississippi, Mr. 
KINZINGER, 
Mr. 
KUSTOFF, 
Mr. 
LAHOOD, Mr. LAMALFA, Mr. LAM-
BORN, Mr. LATTA, Mr. LATURNER, 
Mrs. LESKO, Mr. LOUDERMILK, Mr. 
LUETKEMEYER, Ms. MACE, Mr. MANN, 
Mr. MASSIE, Mr. MAST, Mr. MCCAR-
THY, Mrs. MCCLAIN, Mr. MCHENRY, 
Mr. MCKINLEY, Mrs. RODGERS
of 
Washington, Mr. MEUSER, Mrs. MIL-
LER of West Virginia, Mrs. MILLER of 
Illinois, Mr. MOOLENAAR, Mr. MOON-
EY, Mr. MOORE
of Alabama, Mr. 
MOORE of Utah, Mr. MURPHY of North 
Carolina, Mr. NEWHOUSE, Mr. NOR-
MAN, Mr. OWENS, Mr. PALAZZO, Mr. 
PERRY, Mr. PFLUGER, Mr. POSEY, Mr. 
REED, Mr. RESCHENTHALER, Mr. RICE 
of South Carolina, Mr. ROGERS
of 
Kentucky, Mr. ROGERS of Alabama, 
Mr. 
ROSE, 
Mr. 
ROSENDALE, 
Mr. 
ROUZER, Mr. ROY, Mr. RUTHERFORD, 
Mr. SCALISE, Mr. SCHWEIKERT, Mr. 
AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. SES-
SIONS, Mr. SIMPSON, Mr. SMITH
of 
Missouri, Mr. SMUCKER, Mr. STAUBER, 
Mr. STEIL, Mr. STEUBE, Mr. STEWART, 
Mr. 
STIVERS, 
Mr. 
TAYLOR, 
Mr. 
THOMPSON
of 
Pennsylvania, 
Mrs. 
WAGNER, 
Mr. 
WALBERG, 
Mrs. 
WALORSKI, Mr. WALTZ, Mr. WEBER of 
Texas, 
Mr. 
WENSTRUP, 
Mr. 
WESTERMAN, Mr. WILLIAMS of Texas, 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina, Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:12 Feb 16, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00007
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\L15FE7.100
H15FEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 6-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H514 
February 15, 2021 
WITTMAN, Mr. WOMACK, Mr. YOUNG, 
Mr. BUCK, Mr. KELLER, and Mr. GRIF-
FITH): 
H.R. 1080. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to protect pain-capable unborn 
children, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for him-
self and Mr. CUELLAR): 
H.R. 1081. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to allow the deduction for 
charitable contributions as an above-the-line 
deduction; to the Committee on Ways and 
Means. 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for him-
self, Mr. SUOZZI, Mr. CLYBURN, Mr. 
WILSON of South Carolina, Mr. SIRES, 
and Mr. GOTTHEIMER): 
H.R. 1082. A bill to require ride-hailing 
companies to implement an enhanced digital 
system to verify passengers with their au-
thorized ride-hailing vehicles and drivers; to 
the Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure, and in addition to the Committees 
on Energy and Commerce, and the Budget, 
for a period to be subsequently determined 
by the Speaker, in each case for consider-
ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-
risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. WAGNER (for herself and Mr. 
CASTRO of Texas): 
H.R. 1083. A bill to require a strategy for 
engagement with Southeast Asia and the As-
sociation 
of 
Southeast 
Asian 
Nations 
(ASEAN); to the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs. 
By Mr. WALBERG: 
H.R. 1084. A bill to provide that a project 
for the deployment or modification of a com-
munications 
facility 
entirely 
within 
a 
brownfield site is not subject to require-
ments to prepare certain environmental or 
historical preservation reviews; to the Com-
mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-
dition to the Committee on Natural Re-
sources, for a period to be subsequently de-
termined by the Speaker, in each case for 
consideration of such provisions as fall with-
in the jurisdiction of the committee con-
cerned. 
By Mr. HUDSON: 
H. Res. 122. A resolution electing a Member 
to a certain standing committee of the 
House of Representatives; considered and 
agreed to. 
By Mr. CALVERT (for himself, Mrs. 
STEEL, Mr. VALADAO, Mr. ISSA, Mr. 
WEBER
of Texas, Mr. MCCLINTOCK, 
Mr. CARTER
of Texas, Mr. DIAZ- 
BALART, and Mr. COLE): 
H. Res. 123. A resolution expressing appre-
ciation and recognition for the scientific, 
medical, and pharmaceutical community in 
the historic development of the COVID-19 
vaccine in record time; to the Committee on 
Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. KEATING (for himself, Ms. 
KAPTUR, and Mr. FITZPATRICK): 
H. Res. 124. A resolution supporting the 
people of Belarus and their democratic aspi-
rations and condemning the election rigging 
and subsequent violent crackdowns on peace-
ful 
protesters 
by 
the 
illegitimate 
Lukashenka regime; to the Committee on 
Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. PFLUGER (for himself, Mr. 
CLOUD, Mr. JACKSON, and Mr. BUR-
GESS): 
H. Res. 125. A resolution to oppose the use 
of the National Emergencies Act to declare a 
national emergency relating to climate 
change; to the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure, and in addition to the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a 
period to be subsequently determined by the 
Speaker, in each case for consideration of 
such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-
tion of the committee concerned. 
By 
Mr. 
POCAN 
(for 
himself, 
Mr. 
MCGOVERN, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY, Ms. 
LEE of California, Mr. JOHNSON of 
Georgia, Mr. DESAULNIER, Mr. JONES, 
Mr. HASTINGS, Mr. GRIJALVA, Ms. 
BONAMICI, 
Ms. 
NORTON, 
and 
Mr. 
HUFFMAN): 
H. Res. 126. A resolution expressing support 
for the designation of February 14 of each 
year as International Flower Workers’ Day, 
in acknowledgment of workers in flower-pro-
ducing countries and to demonstrate the 
commitment of the United States to prac-
tices that respect labor rights in other coun-
tries; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, 
and in addition to the Committee on Ways 
and Means, for a period to be subsequently 
determined by the Speaker, in each case for 
consideration of such provisions as fall with-
in the jurisdiction of the committee con-
cerned. 
By Mr. SMITH of Missouri (for himself, 
Mr. COMER, Mr. BIGGS, Mrs. BOEBERT, 
Mr. BURGESS, Mr. CARTER of Georgia, 
Mr. CLOUD, Mr. CLYDE, Mr. FALLON, 
Ms. FOXX, Mr. C. SCOTT FRANKLIN of 
Florida, Mr. GIBBS, Mr. GOOD of Vir-
ginia, Mr. GOSAR, Mr. GROTHMAN, Ms. 
HERRELL, Mr. HICE of Georgia, Mr. 
HIGGINS of Louisiana, Mrs. HINSON, 
Mr. KELLER, Mr. KELLY
of Mis-
sissippi, Mr. LATURNER, Ms. MACE, 
Mr. NORMAN, Mr. OBERNOLTE, Mr. 
SESSIONS, and Mr. SMUCKER): 
H. Res. 127. A resolution requesting the 
President transmit to the House of Rep-
resentatives not later than 14 days after the 
date of the adoption of this resolution docu-
ments in his possession relating to the 
amount of funding previously enacted and 
currently unspent in certain public laws; to 
the Committee on Oversight and Reform. 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for him-
self and Mrs. BEATTY): 
H. Res. 128. A resolution recognizing the 
rise of cardiovascular disease as the world’s 
leading cause of preventable death and dis-
ability and as the global public health crisis 
of our generation and supporting the rec-
ognition of February 2021, as ‘‘American 
Heart Month’’; to the Committee on Energy 
and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be 
subsequently determined by the Speaker, in 
each case for consideration of such provi-
sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
By Mr. WALTZ: 
H. Res. 129. A resolution urging the United 
States 
Olympic 
Committee, 
the 
Inter-
national Olympic Committee, and the Olym-
pic Committees of other countries to take 
certain actions with respect to the 2022 Win-
ter Olympic Games; to the Committee on 
Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Com-
mittee on Oversight and Reform, for a period 
to be subsequently determined by the Speak-
er, in each case for consideration of such pro-
visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-
tives, the following statements are sub-
mitted regarding the specific powers 
granted to Congress in the Constitu-
tion to enact the accompanying bill or 
joint resolution. 
By Mr. ALLEN: 
H.R. 1037. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-
stitution 
By Mr. ARMSTRONG: 
H.R. 1038. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, clause 3 
By Mr. BILIRAKIS: 
H.R. 1039. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. BURGESS: 
H.R. 1040. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The attached bill falls within Congress’ 
constitutionally enumerated power to enact 
legislation pertaining to an income tax pur-
suant to Article I, Section VIII, ‘‘The Con-
gress shall have power to lay and collect 
Taxes.’’ 
Moreover, Congress was given the author-
ity to tax income at the federal level pursu-
ant to Amendment XVI, ‘‘The Congress shall 
have power to lay and collect taxes on in-
comes, from whatever source derived, with-
out apportionment among the several states, 
and without regard to any census or enu-
meration,’’ 
By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-
sylvania: 
H.R. 1041. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion under the General Welfare Clause. 
By Mr. BUCSHON: 
H.R. 1042. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. CARTER of Georgia: 
H.R. 1043. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
bill rests is the power of Congress to make 
rules for the government and regulation of 
the land and naval forces, as enumerated in 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States Con-
stitution. 
By Ms. CRAIG: 
H.R. 1044. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. CRENSHAW: 
H.R. 1045. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section VIII, Clause III 
Article I, Section VIII, Clause XVIII 
By Mr. CURTIS: 
H.R. 1046. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion 
By Mr. CURTIS: 
H.R. 1047. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, section 8 of the U.S. Constitution 
By Mr. DUNCAN: 
H.R. 1048. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 17 grants Con-
gress the authority to pass laws related to 
‘‘needful buildings’’ on lands owned by the 
federal government. Also Article I, Section 8, 
Clause 1 grants Congress the authority to 
‘‘provide for the common defence’’. 
By Mr. DUNCAN: 
H.R. 1049. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 17 grants Con-
gress the authority to pass laws related to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:23 Feb 16, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00008
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\L15FE7.100
H15FEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 7-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H515 
February 15, 2021 
‘‘needful buildings’’ on lands owned by the 
federal government. 
By Mr. DUNN: 
H.R. 1050. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article l, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Mr. GRIFFITH: 
H.R. 1051. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United Stales 
Constitution 
By Mr. GRIJALVA: 
H.R. 1052. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
U.S. Const. art. I, sec. 8, cl. 3 
To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-
tions, and among the several States, and 
with the Indian tribes; 
U.S. Cont. art. IV, sec. 3, cl. 2, sen. a 
The Congress shall have Power to dispose 
of and make all needful Rules and Regula-
tions respecting the Territory or other Prop-
erty belonging to the United States 
By Mr. GUTHRIE: 
H.R. 1053. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. HASTINGS: 
H.R. 1054. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution 
By Mr. HUDSON: 
H.R. 1055. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio: 
H.R. 1056. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the US Constitution 
By Ms. KAPTUR: 
H.R. 1057. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section VIII, To coin Money, reg-
ulate the Value thereof, and of foreign coin, 
and fix the Standards of Weights and Meas-
ures 
Article I, Section VIII, To regulate Com-
merce 
By Mr. KINZINGER: 
H.R. 1058. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clauses 3 and 18 
By Mr. LARSEN of Washington: 
H.R. 1059. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 1: ‘‘All Legislative power 
herein granted shall be vested in a Congress 
of the United States, which shall consist of a 
Senate and House of Representatives.’’ 
By Mr. LATTA: 
H.R. 1060. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: Congress 
shall have the power . . . ‘‘to regulate Com-
merce with foreign Nations, and among the 
several States, and with the Indian tribes.’’ 
By Mrs. LESKO: 
H.R. 1061. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Mr. MCKINLEY: 
H.R. 1062. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8—Powers of Congress. To make 
all Laws which shall be necessary and proper 
for carrying into Execution the foregoing 
Powers, and all other Powers vested by this 
Constitution in the Government of the 
United States, or in any Department or Offi-
cer thereof. 
By Mrs. MILLER of West Virginia: 
H.R. 1063. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8 of Article 1 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Mr. MULLIN: 
H.R. 1064. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion 
By Mr. NADLER: 
H.R. 1065. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clauses 3 & 18 of Section 8 of Article I of 
the Constitution and Section 5 of Amend-
ment XIV to the Constitution. 
By Mr. NEGUSE: 
H.R. 1066. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. PALMER: 
H.R. 1067. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8. 
By Mr. PASCRELL: 
H.R. 1068. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mr. PENCE: 
H.R. 1069. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. 
Constitution. 
By Mr. POSEY: 
H.R. 1070. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. POSEY: 
H.R. 1071. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Ms. PRESSLEY: 
H.R. 1072. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mrs. RODGERS of Washington: 
H.R. 1073. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause I 
By Mr. SCALISE: 
H.R. 1074. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mr. SCHIFF: 
H.R. 1075. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, the Nec-
essary and Proper Clause. Additionally, the 
Preamble to the Constitution provides sup-
port of the authority to enact legislation to 
promote the General Welfare. 
By Mr. SCHNEIDER: 
H.R. 1076. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I 
By Mr. SCHNEIDER: 
H.R. 1077. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I 
By Mr. SCHNEIDER: 
H.R. 1078. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: 
H.R. 1079. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8 of the US Constitution 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: 
H.R. 1080. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Constitutional authority on which 
this bill is based is Congress’s power under 
the Commerce Clause in Article I, Section 8, 
of the Constitution and under the Constitu-
tion’s grant of powers to Congress under the 
Equal Protection, Due Process, and Enforce-
ment Clauses of the Fourteenth Amendment. 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: 
H.R. 1081. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8 Clause 1 of the US Con-
stitution 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: 
H.R. 1082. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8 of the US Constitution 
By Mrs. WAGNER: 
R.R. 1083. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 and 18 of the 
Constitution 
By Mr. WALBERG: 
H.R. 1084. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The authority to enact this bill is derived 
from but not limited to, Clause 3 of Section 
8 of Article I of the United States Constitu-
tion. ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign 
Nations, and among the several States, and 
the Indian Tribes.’’ 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-
tions, as follows: 
H.R. 40: Mr. COURTNEY, Mr. AUCHINCLOSS, 
and Mr. SAN NICOLAS. 
H.R. 227: Mr. CARSON. 
H.R. 248: Mr. SAN NICOLAS. 
H.R. 302: Ms. SPEIER. 
H.R. 400: Ms. DELBENE. 
H.R. 423: Mr. RYAN and Mrs. NAPOLITANO. 
H.R. 567: Mr. STEUBE. 
H.R. 621: Mr. LAMBORN. 
H.R. 685: Ms. NORTON, Ms. LEE of Cali-
fornia, Ms. SPEIER, Mr. GALLEGO, Mr. CAR-
SON, Mr. SIRES, Mr. RASKIN, Ms. TLAIB, and 
Miss RICE of New York. 
H.R. 770: Mr. LAMALFA. 
H.R. 842: Ms. HOULAHAN, Mr. HIMES, Ms. 
WEXTON, Mr. NEAL, Mr. VAN
DREW, Mr. 
MFUME, and Ms. DAVIDS of Kansas. 
H.R. 851: Ms. LOIS FRANKEL of Florida. 
H.R. 852: Ms. SPANBERGER, Mr. HIMES, and 
Mrs. BEATTY. 
H.R. 884: Ms. DELBENE. 
H.R. 959: Mrs. AXNE, Mrs. TRAHAN, and Mr. 
RUPPERSBERGER. 
H.R. 978: Mr. BEYER. 
H.R. 985: Mr. QUIGLEY. 
H.R. 1012: Mr. BROWN, Mr. HASTINGS, Ms. 
TITUS, and Ms. PLASKETT. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:23 Feb 16, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00009
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A15FE7.012
H15FEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 8-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H516 
February 15, 2021 
H.R. 1017: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. 
H.R. 1029: Mr. HAGEDORN. 
H. Res. 53: Mr. WALTZ and Mr. GAETZ. 
H. Res. 100: Mrs. KIRKPATRICK
and Mr. 
VARGAS. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:12 Feb 16, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00010
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A15FE7.007
H15FEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 9-
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E133 
February 15, 2021 
TRIBUTE TO COLONEL DAVID G. 
MCLEOD 
HON. NEAL P. DUNN 
OF FLORIDA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Monday, February 15, 2021 
Mr. DUNN. Madam Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the life and work of Colonel (Doctor) 
(Retired) David G. McLeod, who passed away 
on December 18, 2020. I know the thoughts of 
many thousands of military medical officers, 
prote´ge´es, surgical colleagues, and patients 
are with the McLeod family, especially his wife 
of 55 years, Claudia, their children, David Jr. 
and Ayvette Sailer, and treasured grand-
children. 
After serving in the U.S. Marine Corps, Doc-
tor McLeod joined the U.S. Army, completed 
medical school and began what would be-
come a five-decade storied career in Army 
Medicine. Drawn to service in direct support of 
troops in combat, Doctor McLeod delayed his 
surgical training to serve a distinguished com-
bat tour in Vietnam with the 101st Airborne Di-
vision. Following his urology residency, he 
went on to serve as Program Director, Chief of 
Urologic Oncology, and Chief of Urology at 
Walter Reed Army Medical Center in Wash-
ington, DC. 
In 1992, Colonel McLeod established the 
Center for Prostate Disease Research (CPDR) 
at the Uniformed Services University in Be-
thesda, MD. At its helm until his retirement 
from the Army in 2016, Dr. McLeod led 
CPDR’s growth to ultimately become one of 
the world’s finest, most influential prostate pa-
tient care and research centers, home to one 
of the largest and most comprehensive pros-
tate cancer databases and tissue repositories 
in the country. For his part, Dr. McLeod would 
become internationally renowned for CPDR’s 
groundbreaking and pioneering work that com-
bined molecular biology and clinical research. 
He rose in academia to serve concurrently 
as a Professor of Surgery at the Uniformed 
Services University of the Health Sciences 
and a Clinical Professor in the Department of 
Surgery (Urology) at Georgetown University 
Medical Center. He also earned his Juris Doc-
tor from Northern Virginia Law School. His 
published work appeared in major medical 
journals, including Urology, the Journal of 
Urology, the Journal of Urologic Oncology, 
and the Journal of Cancer. His contributions 
included co-authoring multiple chapters and 
publications on urologic oncology, educating 
his students and advancing the field of re-
search simultaneously. He was a member of 
numerous professional societies and served 
as President of the American Foundation of 
Urologic Disease (now known as the American 
Urological Association Foundation) and past 
President of the Mid-Atlantic Section of the 
American Urologic Association. He was also a 
member of The Society of the Cincinnati in the 
State of Virginia and the D.C. Bar. 
After more than 50 years in uniformed serv-
ice to our Nation, having personally cared for 
senior leaders within the highest branches of 
government with the same commitment and 
dedication as that given to active duty service 
members, foreign heads of state, veterans and 
their family members, Dr. McLeod was re-
vered as an exceptional surgeon, urologic 
oncologist and patient advocate. To the thou-
sands of physicians, surgeons, scientists and 
other 
healthcare 
providers 
who 
passed 
through the halls of Walter Reed during his 
tenure (myself included), and for civilian sur-
geons, urologists and oncologists throughout 
the nation and around the globe, David 
McLeod was revered as an extraordinary men-
tor and clinical pioneer. He was tough and had 
zero tolerance for nonsense; after all, you can 
take a man out of the Marines, but you can’t 
take the Marine out of the man. However, de-
spite the rough exterior, Dr. McLeod was 
adored and respected by everyone. Indeed, 
the trajectory of current prostate cancer detec-
tion, prevention, treatment and care rest on 
the shoulders of this giant in the field. 
Madam Speaker, Colonel (Doctor) (Retired) 
David G. McLeod is very clearly one of the gi-
ants of Army Medicine, one whose contribu-
tions to both military medicine and global 
health will be felt for years to come, and 
whose legacy will stand the test of time. To 
say it was a privilege working beside this man 
would be an understatement. I am honored to 
recognize his service, and on behalf of the 
2nd District of Florida and all those who have 
known this phenomenal American, I wish to 
express my deepest thanks to David McLeod 
for his commendable years of service and 
dedication. 
f 
TRIBUTE IN HONOR OF THE 
ADRIAN DOMINICAN SISTERS 
HON. ANNA G. ESHOO 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Monday, February 15, 2021 
Ms. ESHOO. Madam Speaker, I rise today 
on my own behalf and on behalf of Represent-
ative TIM WALBERG to honor the nine retired 
Adrian Dominican Sisters who lived together 
at the Motherhouse in Adrian, Michigan, and 
lost their lives to the COVID–19 pandemic in 
January 2021. 
Those who dedicated their lives to serving 
others were Sister Dorothea Gamlich, O.P.; 
Sister Helen Laier, O.P.; Sister Jeannine The-
rese McGorray, O.P.; Sister Esther Ortega, 
O.P.; Sister Mary Lisa Rieman, O.P.; Sister 
Ann Rena Shinkey, O.P.; Sister Margaret Ann 
Swallow, 
O.P.; 
and 
Sister 
Mary 
Irene 
Wischmeyer, O.P. They strongly adhered to 
masking and social distancing, yet the dev-
astating disease found them at their serene 
compound 75 miles from Detroit. 
Three Adrian Dominicans work at Domini-
can Hospital in Santa Cruz, California, which 
provides vital health services to many resi-
dents of my Congressional District. They are 
Sister Rita Eileen Dean, O.P.; Sister Adrienne 
Piennette, O.P.; and Sister Judy Silva, O.P., 
all extraordinary contributors to the hospital 
and considered great blessings by hospital ad-
ministrators. 
Madam Speaker, I ask my colleagues to 
honor the memory of these holy women, Do-
minican Sisters, who lost their lives to the pan-
demic, and honor and thank those who con-
tinue to serve at Dominican Hospital. These 
good and great women of faith make our 
country stronger and better. 
f 
COMMENDING THE WESTSIDE GA-
ZETTE ON CELEBRATING THEIR 
50TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Monday, February 15, 2021 
Mr. HASTINGS. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to honor a staple of journalistic integrity 
in my Congressional district. This year marks 
the 50th anniversary of the oldest African- 
American newspaper in the heart of southern 
Florida, the Westside Gazette. For fifty years, 
they produced as their motto reminds us: ‘‘A 
Positive Paper For Positive People.’’ 
The Westside Gazette was founded by Levi 
Henry Jr. in 1971, in an era not unlike the po-
litically charged environment we have today. 
While it is now run by his son and my good 
friend, Bobby Henry, this weekly paper con-
tinues to be known for its crusade against rac-
ism and injustice. These are the very virtues 
embodied by the elder Henry, for example, 
when he demonstrated in support of the inte-
gration of Florida beaches with ‘‘wade-ins’’ not 
so long ago. 
Bobby Henry Sr. continues the activist tradi-
tion of his father, going beyond his role as 
publisher. In 2017, he was the recipient of the 
Angelo B. Henderson Community Service 
Award by the National Association of Black 
Journalists for making a positive impact on 
HIV/AIDS and poverty-stricken communities. 
Their fifty years of professionalism stand out 
even more so today as too many regions have 
suffered misfortune, having succumbed to 
modern economic pressures that deprive com-
munities of competent, local news outlets. This 
misfortune leads to communities of all colors 
dwelling in an excess of news deserts, making 
it increasingly difficult to hold local politicians 
to account. The Westside Gazette’s pursuit of 
truth and dedication to journalistic integrity is 
of continued benefit to not only its readers, but 
the larger community and the functioning of 
our democratic form of government. 
Madam Speaker, I am so privileged to com-
memorate and honor the Westside Gazette’s 
longlasting achievement in journalism. Please 
join me in praising their success, fifty years in-
forming not just the African-American commu-
nity, but the broader public of southern Flor-
ida. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:32 Feb 16, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A15FE8.001
E15FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 10-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E134 
February 15, 2021 
REMEMBERING MARTHA HAYS 
COOPER 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Monday, February 15, 2021 
Mr. COHEN. Madam Speaker, I rise to re-
member Martha Hays Cooper, known as 
‘‘Ookie,’’ a remarkable woman and friend and 
the wife of our colleague JIM COOPER, who 
passed away last Thursday in Nashville. I in-
clude in the RECORD for history her husband’s 
words in tribute: 
Martha Hays Cooper died peacefully at 
home in Nashville on Thursday, February 4, 
after years of struggling with Alzheimer’s. 
‘‘Ookie’’ was married to Representative Jim 
Cooper for almost 36 years, mother of their 
three 
amazing 
children, 
Mary 
(Scott 
Gallisdorfer), Jamie, and Hayes, and grand-
mother of the incomparable Jay. 
Martha was born on September 13, 1954, the 
second child of the late Dr. A.V. Hays and 
Dr. Martha Hays Taylor of Gulfport, Mis-
sissippi. Her siblings, Art Hays (Debbie) of 
Gaithersburg, MD, and Mary Hays Peller 
(Steve) of New Orleans, survive her. Martha 
graduated from Sweet Briar College in 1976 
and from Mississippi State in 1980 with an 
M.S. in ornithology. Her first job was in a 
cubbyhole in the attic of the Natural History 
Museum, the Bird Division of the Smithso-
nian, staffing the first two editions of the 
million-selling National Geographic Field 
Guide to the Birds of North America. An ad-
venturesome soul, Martha smoked cigars in 
swamps to repel mosquitoes, made lifelong 
friends in Buenos Aires, taught children and 
studied Puffins for the Quebec-Labrador 
Foundation, protected Least Terns on Gulf 
of Mexico beaches, camped in the Arctic Na-
tional Wildlife Refuge, and worked the 
Gala´pagos Islands for World Wildlife Fund, 
all while keeping an African-Grey parrot 
named Baroot in her kitchen. 
Martha lived in Georgetown and drove a 
1971 Robin’s-egg-blue Volvo P1800E when she 
met Jim, the youngest congressman in the 
U.S., who proposed at a White House Christ-
mas 
party. 
Part 
Audrey 
Hepburn, 
Ali 
MacGraw, and Penelope Cruz, Martha was 
wary of politics until she lived in Shelbyville 
with Jim’s mother for a few months in 1984 
to manage Jim’s first re-election campaign. 
The experiment worked. They married on 
April 6, 1985, followed by the birth of Mary 
Argentine in 1990, John James Audubon in 
1991, and Hayes Hightower in 1995. Martha 
loved Mardi Gras, Galatoires (‘‘the big G’’), 
hurricanes and snow, peonies, Little Cayman 
Island, Ernie Banks, homemade popovers, 
Radnor Lake, friends in the Query and Cen-
tennial Clubs, Aretha Franklin and Paul 
McCartney, Standard Poodles (Ruby, Sirius 
Black, and Romeo), Cicadas, golf, City 
House’s belly-ham pizza, families of Crows, 
Prince Charles, her Cardinal-red 2003 Mini- 
Cooper, and the Hermitage, serving as Re-
gent of the Ladies’ Hermitage Association. 
Her favorite president was Barack Obama; 
favorite bird: Upupa Epops. 
Martha’s charm and optimism were heroic, 
eclipsing her illness. She ALWAYS smiled 
and said thank you. She loved car travel; on 
bumpy roads she’d say ‘‘this makes me wig-
gle.’’ In recent years, she drew wobbly hearts 
on everything . . . with a Sharpie when she 
could find one. 
The family is grateful to Martha’s main 
caregiver, Sandy Mathers, her friend of 25 
years, as well as newer friends, Heather 
Tavasti and Alyssa Action. The team at 
Alive Hospice was godsent.’’ 
INTRODUCTION OF THE NATIONAL 
WORLD WAR II MEMORIAL COM-
MEMORATIVE COIN ACT 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Monday, February 15, 2021 
Ms. KAPTUR. Madam Speaker, the dedica-
tion of the World War II Memorial on our Na-
tional Mall culminated a 17-year effort in Con-
gress to construct the first national memorial 
dedicated to the 16 million Americans who 
served in the Armed Forces during World War 
II and the more than 400,000 who died. 
As the Representative who introduced the 
legislation to construct the WWII Memorial, I 
rise today in support of the National World 
War II Commemorative Coin Act. This bipar-
tisan piece of legislation, which I am honored 
to introduce alongside my friend and colleague 
Representative ADAM KINZINGER of Illinois, au-
thorizes the U.S. Treasury to mint coins in 
commemoration of the National World War II 
Memorial in Washington, DC. 
The coin will serve as an important token to 
the spirit, sacrifice, and commitment of the 
brave Americans who fought to defend our 
great Nation and advance peace and freedom 
throughout the world. 
Most importantly, this legislation will help 
ensure the Memorial will be properly main-
tained for years to come, and that the com-
memorative and educational programming re-
mains robust and substantial. 
I would like to thank our partners at the 
Friends of the World War II Memorial for their 
service and help in getting this bill to where it 
is today. 
I urge my colleagues to support this legisla-
tion. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MICHAEL KRASNY, 
PH.D. 
HON. ANNA G. ESHOO 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Monday, February 15, 2021 
Ms. ESHOO. Madam Speaker, I rise today 
to honor a giant among journalists, Dr. Mi-
chael Krasny. For nearly three decades he 
has hosted the highly acclaimed Forum 
(KQED) and is retiring on February 12, 2021, 
to pursue other interests, including writing and 
grandparenting. 
Michael Krasny earned his B.A. and M.A. 
degrees from Ohio University, and his Ph.D. 
from the University of Wisconsin. Since 1983 
he has worked in broadcast journalism, first 
with ABC, and in 1993 began his career in 
public broadcasting. 
Michael Krasny has shared his vast knowl-
edge as a teacher at San Francisco State, 
Stanford University, the University of California 
and the Fulbright International Institutes. He 
conducts interviews for City Arts and Lectures, 
and has written many books, including Off 
Mike: A Memoir of Talk Radio and Literary 
Life; Spiritual Envy; Sound Ideas, and Let 
There Be Laughter. 
Dr. Krasny has been honored for his out-
standing work and is the recipient of the Y.Y. 
Agnon Medal for Intellectual Achievement; the 
Eugene Block Award for Human Rights Jour-
nalism; the James Madison Freedom of Infor-
mation Award; the Excellence in Journalism 
Award from the National Lesbian and Gay 
Journalists Society; the Career Achievement 
Award from the Society of Professional Jour-
nalists and an award from the Radio and Tele-
vision News Directors Association. 
Michael Krasny is described by Holly 
Kernan, KQED’s Chief Content Officer, as a 
Bay Area jewel. She said: ‘‘His is a model 
public service career and he has brought 
depth, compassion and the expertise of a lit-
erature professor to the airwaves on a daily 
basis.’’ 
Madam Speaker, I ask the entire House of 
Representatives to join me in honoring this 
stellar broadcaster, author and academic, Mi-
chael Krasny, Ph.D. who has enhanced the 
lives of countless people by informing, exam-
ining and educating us. We are a stronger 
community and a better country because of 
his extraordinary work. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 41ST ANNUAL 
SALUTE OF THE BLACK NURSES 
ASSOCIATION 
OF 
GREATER 
WASHINGTON, D.C. AREA, INC. 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Monday, February 15, 2021 
Ms. NORTON. Madam Speaker, I rise today 
to ask the House of Representatives to join 
me in recognizing the 41st Annual Salute of 
the Black Nurses Association of Greater 
Washington, D.C. Area, Inc. The Black Nurses 
Association (BNA) of Greater Washington, 
D.C. Area, Inc. (GWDCA), chartered in 1975, 
endeavors to support the mission of the Na-
tional Black Nurses Association (NBNA) and 
to provide services to residents in the D.C. 
area. 
BNA of GWDCA acts as a vehicle for cohe-
sion and solidarity among Black nurses to en-
sure the continuity of common heritage. The 
BNA of GWDCA hosted its first Annual Salute 
to a Black Nurse on February 14, 1981, at St. 
Elizabeths Hospital to recognize the contribu-
tions of nurses in the community and to cele-
brate Black History Month. ‘‘The Salute’’ has 
become a signature community program, 
where one practicing nurse is awarded ‘‘Nurse 
of the Year’’ and several nursing students are 
awarded scholarships. Meedie Bardonille RN 
has been selected as the 2021 ‘‘Nurse of the 
Year.’’ 
BNA of GWDCA has a distinguished legacy 
of community service with a focus on address-
ing specific health problems of the Black con-
sumer and health care disparities. Past pro-
grams have included participation in the Na-
tional Black Nurses National Hypertension 
Project and the National Depression Project 
and partnerships with the American Heart As-
sociation and the American Cancer Society. 
BNA of GWDCA’s signature community serv-
ice project provides community-based health 
assessments and teaching through church- 
based and collaborative health fairs and part-
nerships with the D.C. Department of Health, 
Office of Immunizations, and the Washington 
Hospital Center. 
Importantly, we are grateful that in response 
to the critical shortage of nurses in all areas 
of practice, BNA of GWDCA’s ‘‘Choose Nurs-
ing Project’’ provides career information and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:32 Feb 16, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A15FE8.004
E15FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 11-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E135 
February 15, 2021 
mentoring in the field for students in D.C. area 
middle and high schools. As a chapter, BNA 
of GWDCA continues to carry the mission of 
‘‘Empowering the Community through Edu-
cation, Service and Caring’’ and support the 
NBNA’s theme, ‘‘The Art and Science of Nurs-
ing.’’ 
Particularly during the COVID–19 crisis, the 
nation understands that nurses are indispen-
sable. It is more important than ever to recog-
nize Black nurses, whose service has been 
overlooked for far too long. 
I urge my colleagues in the House of Rep-
resentatives to join me in honoring the Black 
Nurses Association of Greater Washington, 
D.C. Area, Inc. for 46 years devoted to im-
proving the lives of D.C. area residents and 
the profession of nursing. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF 1SG 
STALEY JOHNSON SR. 
HON. TED BUDD 
OF NORTH CAROLINA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Monday, February 15, 2021 
Mr. BUDD. Madam Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the service of 1SG Staley Johnson Sr. 
of Kannapolis, North Carolina. 
Staley Johnson was born on December 4th, 
1920 in Alexander County, North Carolina to 
Jonas and Nancy Johnson. After the 5th 
grade, Johnson left school to help provide for 
and support his family. 
A native North Carolinian, Staley Johnson 
enlisted with the U.S. Army on December 6th, 
1941, the day before the attacks at Pearl Har-
bor. Staley Johnson was just 23 years old at 
the time. 
Johnson served heroically and courageously 
as a heavy machine gunner in the 330th In-
fantry. During his service in Europe, Johnson 
was wounded from gunfire in the back near La 
Barre, France on July 27, 1944 after arriving 
on the beaches of France just after D-Day. 
Johnson was involved in further action in Eu-
rope as the Allies closed in on Germany be-
fore Allied victory in Europe. Johnson received 
a Purple Heart, a Bronze Star, and several 
other awards for his valor and courage. After 
his discharge, he went to work for Cannon 
Mills, but remained active in the National 
Guard. 
In April 1945, Johnson married Nellie Vic-
toria Foster. They had four children; Staley Jr., 
Pamela, Jerry, and Kathy. The couple were 
married for over 64 years before Nellie passed 
away in 2010. Staley is the grandfather to six, 
great-grandfather to 12, and great-great- 
grandfather to two. His family and his church 
mean the world to him. 
Often, Staley Johnson can be found singing 
‘‘Sweet Hour of Prayer,’’ a song he learned 
while resting in a town the allies had just re-
captured from Hitler’s Army. He is known to 
be full of stories from World War II. 
Madam Speaker, 1SG Staley Johnson Sr. is 
an American hero. His service to our country 
will never be forgotten. It is an honor and a 
privilege to represent Staley Johnson in the 
U.S. House of Representatives. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE TEACHER 
VICTIMS’ 
FAMILY 
ASSISTANCE 
ACT OF 2021 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Monday, February 15, 2021 
Mr. HASTINGS. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to introduce the Teacher Victims’ Family 
Assistance Act of 2021. American teachers 
are overburdened. In too many schools across 
our nation, infrastructure needs repair, teach-
ers are underpaid, and classrooms are over-
crowded. In addition to all these problems, 
teachers are also forced to contend with a gun 
violence epidemic, which has led to more and 
more deaths on schoolgrounds each year. In 
the face of this horrific reality, numerous 
teachers have died, often in an effort to hero-
ically defend the lives of their students. 
Surviving family members of these slain 
teachers are unquestionably burdened with 
immeasurable grief, but they are also left with-
out the financial support their deceased 
spouse or parent provided them. While we 
must continue to tirelessly advocate for com-
mon sense gun laws, we must also ensure 
that those who lose family members in such 
senseless acts of violence are cared for 
through financial assistance that will help 
cover final expenses and support the care of 
surviving family members—just like we have in 
the past for public safety officers and for 9/11 
first responders. 
The Teacher Victims’ Family Assistance Act 
of 2021 creates a compensation fund under 
the U.S. Department of Education that pro-
vides assistance to the immediate families of 
teachers and other school staff who are killed 
in a violent act over the course of performing 
their duties. The compensation fund provides 
funeral assistance, a death benefit to the next 
of kin, a monthly living allowance for the sur-
viving spouse and children, and five years of 
undergraduate education assistance for each 
child. 
It is my sincere hope that over time fewer 
and fewer families will be in need of assist-
ance from this compensation fund after they 
experience the tragic loss of their spouse or 
parent. Until that time comes, we must do ev-
erything in our power to honor those dedi-
cated, hardworking teachers who died in an 
act of violence by caring for their surviving 
loved ones. 
Madam Speaker, I urge the House to expe-
ditiously pass this measure. Doing so will reaf-
firm America’s gratitude for our nation’s de-
voted educators, who work tirelessly to enrich 
the lives of our children. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO HONOR THE LIFE OF 
KATHERINE STREHL 
HON. ANNA G. ESHOO 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Monday, February 15, 2021 
Ms. ESHOO. Madam Speaker, I rise today 
to pay tribute to my dear friend and colleague 
in public service, Katherine Strehl. 
Katherine was born in Oakland, California 
on October 4, 1944, to Elizabeth Williams 
Strehl Kerley while her father was serving 
overseas during World War II. Her stepfather, 
Bob Kerley, UC Berkeley Vice Chancellor for 
Administration and Student Affairs, was an im-
portant part of her life and a mentor to her. 
Katherine died at her home in Menlo Park, 
California on January 24, 2021. She was 76 
years old. 
Katherine was a graduate of Skyline High 
School and a Phi Beta Kappa graduate of UC 
Berkeley. She earned a master’s degree from 
Stanford 
University 
and 
completed 
the 
coursework for a Ph.D. in communications re-
search. She was a 1979 graduate of the Coro 
Women’s Program in leadership development. 
Katherine had a successful 40-year career 
in public affairs, and received Santa Clara 
County’s 1994 Women of Achievement Award. 
She was known for her commitment to col-
laboration between business, government and 
community. She served as the Manager of 
Community Affairs and Public Policy at Lock-
heed Martin Missiles and Space, and was Ex-
ecutive Manager of External Affairs at BART, 
then managed public outreach for the Cali-
fornia Transportation Commission. She served 
on the Commonwealth Club’s Silicon Valley 
Advisory Board, and on many Menlo Park 
commissions, most recently the Planning 
Commission. 
Madam Speaker, I ask the entire House of 
Representatives to join me in expressing our 
deepest condolences to Katherine’s beloved 
husband of 22 years, Bill Dempsey, and to her 
family and wide circle of friends. She was a 
warm, 
loving, 
smart 
and 
accomplished 
woman, and we will miss her dearly. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:32 Feb 16, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A15FE8.007
E15FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 12-
D126 
Monday, February 15, 2021 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate was not in session and stands ad-
journed until 10 a.m., on Tuesday, February 16, 
2021. 
Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 48 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 1037–1084; and 8 resolutions, H. 
Res. 122–129 were introduced.                    Pages H511–14 
Additional Cosponsors:                                 Pages H515–16 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein she 
appointed Representative Brown to act as Speaker 
pro tempore for today.                                              Page H507 
Committee Election: The House agreed to H. Res. 
122, electing a Member to a certain standing com-
mittee of the House of Representatives.          Page H507 
Commission on the Social Status of Black Men 
and Boys—Appointment: Read a letter from Rep-
resentative McCarthy, Minority Leader, in which he 
appointed the following member to the Commission 
on the Social Status of Black Men and Boys: Mr. 
Marshall B. Dillard of Bakersfield, California. 
                                                                                              Page H507 
Tom Lantos Human Rights Commission—Ap-
pointment: Read a letter from Representative 
McCarthy, Minority Leader, in which he appointed 
the following Member to the Tom Lantos Human 
Rights Commission to serve as the Republican Co- 
chairman: Representative Smith of New Jersey. 
                                                                                      Pages H507–08 
United States-China Economic and Security Re-
view Commission—Appointment: Read a letter 
from Representative McCarthy, Minority Leader, in 
which he appointed the following member to the 
United States-China Economic and Security Review 
Commission: Dr. Derek M. Scissors of Bethesda, 
Maryland.                                                                         Page H508 
United States-China Economic and Security Re-
view Commission—Appointment: Read a letter 
from Representative McCarthy, Minority Leader, in 
which he appointed the following member to the 
United States-China Economic and Security Review 
Commission to fill the existing vacancy thereon: Mr. 
Alex N. Wong of Wyckoff, New Jersey.        Page H508 
Commission on the Social Status of Black Men 
and Boys—Appointment: The Chair announced 
the Speaker’s appointment of the following indi-
vidual on the part of the House to the Commission 
on the Social Status of Black Men and Boys: Dr. Jo-
seph E. Marshall, Jr., of San Francisco, California. 
                                                                                              Page H508 
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no Yea and Nay 
votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were 
no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 9:30 a.m. and ad-
journed at 9:35 a.m. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:31 Feb 16, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D15FE1.REC
D15FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 13-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
D127 
February 15, 2021 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, 
FEBRUARY 16, 2021 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. 
House 
Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Financial 
Services and General Government, oversight hearing on 
the Election Assistance Commission, 11 a.m., Webex. 
Subcommittee on Military Construction, Veterans Af-
fairs, and Related Agencies, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight 
of Military Privatized Housing’’, 11 a.m., Webex. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD 
Week of February 16 through February 19, 2021 
Senate Chamber 
Senate will meet in pro forma sessions on Tues-
day, February 16, 2021 and 10 a.m., and Friday, 
February 19, 2021, at 10:15 a.m. 
Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Feb-
ruary 18, to hold hearings to examine the Coronavirus 
crisis, focusing on paving the way to an equitable recov-
ery, 11 a.m., WEBEX. 
House Committees 
Committee on Appropriations, February 18, Subcommittee 
on Legislative Branch, hearing entitled ‘‘House Wellness 
and Office of Employee Assistance (OEA)’’, 10 a.m., 
Webex. 
February 19, Subcommittee on the Departments of 
Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Re-
lated Agencies, hearing entitled ‘‘COVID–19 and the 
Child Care Crisis’’, 10 a.m., Webex. 
February 19, Subcommittee on Military Construction, 
Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies, hearing entitled 
‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs COVID–19 Response’’, 
1 p.m., Webex. 
Committee on Armed Services, February 17, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Update on the Department of 
Defense’s Evolving Roles and Mission in Response to the 
COVID–19 Pandemic’’, 11 a.m., 2118 Rayburn and 
Webex. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, February 17, Sub-
committee on Communications and Technology, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Connecting America: Broadband Solutions to 
Pandemic Problems’’, 11 a.m., Webex. 
February 18, Subcommittee on Energy, hearing enti-
tled ‘‘A Smarter Investment: Pathways to a Clean Energy 
Future’’, 11:30 a.m., Webex. 
Committee on Financial Services, February 18, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Game Stopped? Who Wins and 
Loses When Short Sellers, Social Media, and Retail Inves-
tors Collide’’, 12 p.m., Webex. 
Committee on the Judiciary, February 17, Subcommittee 
on the Constitution, Civil Rights, and Civil Liberties, 
hearing entitled ‘‘H.R. 40: Exploring the Path to Repar-
ative Justice in America’’, 10 a.m., Webex. 
February 18, Subcommittee on Courts, Intellectual 
Property, and the Internet, hearing entitled ‘‘The Su-
preme Court’s Shadow Docket’’, 2 p.m., Webex. 
Committee on Natural Resources, February 18, Full Com-
mittee, organizational meeting, 11 a.m., Webex. 
Committee on Oversight and Reform, February 19, Sub-
committee on National Security, hearing entitled ‘‘A 
Pathway for Peace in Afghanistan: Examining the Find-
ings and Recommendations of the Afghanistan Study 
Group’’, 10:30 a.m., Webex. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, February 18, 
Full Committee, organizational meeting, 11 am., Webex. 
February 19, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The 
Science of COVID–19 Vaccines and Encouraging Vaccine 
Uptake’’, 11 a.m., Webex. 
Committee on Ways and Means, February 18, Sub-
committee on Oversight, hearing entitled ‘‘Free Tax 
Preparation Services During the Pandemic’’, 2 p.m., 
Webex. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:31 Feb 16, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D15FE1.REC
D15FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 14-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional Record
The Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each House
of Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, United
States Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶ Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶ To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO
63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶ Following
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶ With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record.
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.
U
N
U
M
E
P
LU
RI
B
U
S
D128 
February 15, 2021 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
10 a.m., Tuesday, February 16 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will meet in a pro forma 
session. 
Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
12:30 p.m., Thurday, February 18 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: House will meet in Pro Forma 
session at 12:30 p.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Budd, Ted, N.C., E135 
Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E134 
Dunn, Neal P., Fla., E133 
Eshoo, Anna G., Calif., E133, E134, E135 
Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E133, E135 
Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E134 
Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, 
E134 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:31 Feb 16, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 0664
Sfmt 0664
E:\CR\FM\D15FE1.REC
D15FEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 15-
