Congressional Record
U
N
U
M
E
P
LU
RI
B
U
S
United States
of America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 117th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
b This symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b 1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.
H5137 
Vol. 167 
WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 2021 
No. 166 
Senate 
The Senate was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Monday, September 27, 2021, at 3 p.m. 
House of Representatives 
FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 2021 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Margaret 
Grun Kibben, offered the following 
prayer: 
Almighty God, call us again today to 
rejoice in hope. For all the challenges 
we have faced this week, votes passed 
or failed as we had wished or feared, 
long hours and tedious processes, You 
have tested our resolve and our faith in 
Your sovereignty. May we come to ac-
cept that we can find certainty in 
nothing save for a future redeemed by 
Your favor. 
Remind us again to be patient in 
tribulation. Few things we have done 
this week have been easy. Much of 
what we believe in has been contested. 
Relationships have been strained. Even 
the civility of this body has been dis-
puted. 
Give us steady tempers, open minds, 
and resilient spirits trusting in Your 
providence to redeem us and our efforts 
through these trials. 
Indulge us the persistence of our 
prayers. Respond to the constancy of 
our appeals. May our words always re-
flect our sincerity, and may our peti-
tions serve the greater good and the 
welfare of our Nation. 
In Your mercy is our deliverance, and 
in Your name we pray. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. Pursuant to section 
11(a) of House Resolution 188, the Jour-
nal of the last day’s proceedings is ap-
proved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman 
from Arizona (Mr. O’HALLERAN) come 
forward and lead the House in the 
Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. O’HALLERAN led the Pledge of 
Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-
lic for which it stands, one nation under God, 
indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-
tain up to five requests for 1-minute 
speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
CELEBRATING MAJOR FANNIE 
MCCLENDON’S 101ST BIRTHDAY 
(Mr. O’HALLERAN asked and was 
given permission to address the House 
for 1 minute.) 
Mr. O’HALLERAN. Madam Speaker, 
this week an Arizona legend turned 101 
years old. Major Fannie McClendon, 
known to her friends as Fran, cele-
brated her 101st birthday on September 
22. 
Fran is one of seven known survivors 
of the 855 all-African American 6888th 
Central 
Postal 
Directory 
Battalion 
who served overseas during World War 
II. 
Known as the Six Triple Eight, the 
women accomplished the incredible 
task of moving a 2-year backlog of un-
delivered mail to 7 million service-
members. Working three shifts per day, 
they processed approximately 65,000 
pieces of mail per shift. 
Embracing their motto, ‘‘no mail, 
low morale’’, the women cleared the 2- 
year backlog of mail and packages in 3 
months for U.S. military, civilians, and 
Red Cross workers throughout Europe. 
Their 
hard 
work 
and 
dedication 
brought hope and comfort to Ameri-
cans around the world during some of 
our darkest times. 
Today, join me in wishing Major 
McClendon a very happy 101st birth-
day. 
f 
SUPPORT FOR TULSA CYBER 
PROGRAM IN NDAA 
(Mr. HERN asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. HERN. Madam Speaker, today I 
rise in support of important funding in-
cluded in this year’s NDAA that will 
benefit an important initiative with re-
spect to industrial control systems. 
Specifically, this funding will ad-
vance a key concept in the Army’s 
Smart Installations Strategy and begin 
to address critical research required to 
advance our capabilities in the area of 
testing the cybersecurity and our em-
bedded industrial control systems. 
The University of Tulsa in my dis-
trict has significant capabilities in the 
area of cybersecurity research and has 
been engaged in attempting to address 
many of the issues associated with in-
dustrial control systems. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:57 Sep 25, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A24SE7.000
H24SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE
® 
Pdnted on recycled papfil 

 -Page 0-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5138 
September 24, 2021 
TU’s research efforts in the area of 
cybersecurity 
protection 
are 
un-
matched in the Nation. They play an 
important role in our national security 
and deserve this essential funding. 
I want to thank my colleague from 
Oklahoma City (Mrs. BICE) for her 
work on the House Armed Services 
Committee to ensure this funding was 
included in this year’s NDAA. 
f 
ORLAND FIRE PROTECTION 
DISTRICT 
(Ms. NEWMAN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend her re-
marks.) 
Ms. NEWMAN. Madam Speaker, I 
rise today to honor the service of the 
brave first responders of the Orland 
Fire Protection District. Chief Michael 
Schofield’s team represents the best of 
Illinois’ Third District that we can pos-
sibly ask for. 
These brave men and women are rec-
ognized not just as some of the best 
firefighters in Illinois but in the Na-
tion. They exemplify what it means to 
be a public servant, and that is why I 
am honored to recognize them in the 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD. 
When I met with the members of the 
Orland Fire Protection District, their 
dedication to serving their community 
shone through. They told me how they 
adapted 
to 
the 
challenges 
of 
the 
COVID–19 pandemic by creating a first- 
of-its-kind response model. Their re-
sourcefulness and innovation saved 
countless lives across the southwest 
suburbs. 
I honor their leadership. I honor 
their dedication. And I honor their 
bravery. 
Madam Speaker, I thank the Orland 
Fire Protection District for all they do, 
and I am proud every day to serve 
them as their Congressperson. 
f 
THE RIGHT TO LIFE IS 
ASSAULTED 
(Mr. WEBSTER of Florida asked and 
was given permission to address the 
House for 1 minute and to revise and 
extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Madam 
Speaker, today this House will consider 
H.R. 3755. To me, this is a heart-
breaking piece of legislation. It is an 
assault on the most fundamental right 
of a person, and that is the right to 
life. 
Wednesday, I was thrilled with the 
news of the birth of my 21st grandchild. 
Little Liberty is her name, although 
she wasn’t really little. She was 8 
pounds, 14 ounces, and 22-and-a-half 
inches long. Her life has started; she 
was born. However, that right given by 
God happened long before the day she 
was born. She is a citizen of the United 
States, and because of that, she has 
that right. 
H.R. 3755 is also an affront to human 
rights. I have heard many of my friends 
on the other side say: We only want in 
rare and uncommon circumstances the 
right to have abortions. 
But this bill does not do that. It en-
ables and promotes something far be-
yond that. It promotes the horrific 
practice of eugenics by ensuring that 
abortions are allowed in cases of a pos-
sible congenital disorder. 
f 
HONORING THE MEMORY OF 
GLADYS SHIPMAN 
(Ms. MANNING asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend her re-
marks.) 
Ms. MANNING. Madam Speaker, I 
rise today to honor the memory of the 
late Gladys Shipman, a lifelong cham-
pion of civil rights and pillar in the 
Greensboro community. 
Gladys began her journey as a civil 
rights pioneer with protests at the 
Woolworth’s lunch counter where the 
Greensboro Four Sit-In occurred. By 
the time of her passing, she was a 
board member on the International 
Civil Rights Center & Museum in that 
very same building. 
Gladys was the first woman to lead 
the Greensboro NAACP, served on the 
city of Greensboro Human Relations 
Commission, and held many other in-
fluential positions. 
As a businesswoman, civil rights 
leader, 
mother, 
grandmother, 
and 
great-grandmother, 
she 
approached 
every aspect of life with care and com-
passion. Her passion for social justice 
and equality guided her as she im-
proved the lives of those around her 
and inspired future generations to 
carry on her legacy. 
Madam Speaker, I am thankful for 
Gladys’ 
steadfast 
commitment 
to 
bettering our community, and I am in-
spired by her kind and determined na-
ture. Her memory will be a blessing for 
all who knew her. 
f 
TOURING THE FOURTH DISTRICT 
OF IOWA 
(Mr. FEENSTRA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. FEENSTRA. Madam Speaker, 
last week I officially completed my 39 
county tour for 2021, visiting all 39 
counties at least twice so far this year. 
Whether it was speaking to farmers, 
manufacturers, Main Street business 
owners, families, educators, or stu-
dents, I have enjoyed listening to folks 
all through the Fourth District. 
I heard from folks across the district 
concerned with reckless spending, espe-
cially the Democrats’ $3.5 trillion tax 
and spending spree. 
In Palo Alto County I met a sixth- 
generation farmer who was concerned 
President Biden’s plan to eliminate 
stepped-up basis would threaten his 
family farm. I heard this concern ev-
erywhere I went, which is why I have 
fought so hard to put a stop to this su-
percharged death tax. 
I will continue to be a passionate ad-
vocate for the Fourth District, espe-
cially when it comes to defending the 
men and women who feed and fuel the 
world. 
f 
COMMUNITY VIOLENCE INTERVEN-
TION IN THE BUILD BACK BET-
TER PLAN 
(Mr. HORSFORD asked and was 
given permission to address the House 
for 1 minute and to revise and extend 
his remarks.) 
Mr. HORSFORD. Madam Speaker, I 
rise today as a champion for the Build 
Back Better Act’s $5 billion investment 
in community violence intervention. 
Last year, our country witnessed the 
largest spike in murder rates since na-
tional recordkeeping began in 1960. In 
my home city of Las Vegas, murders 
are up nearly 70 percent this year al-
ready. 
This violence doesn’t happen in a 
vacuum. It happens when people don’t 
have hope or faith that there are better 
paths forward, to make money to re-
solve a conflict, or to feel safe. 
For 
decades, 
politicians 
in 
this 
Chamber have stoked fear about urban 
crime to divide us while refusing to in-
vest in real solutions. I lost my father 
to gun violence, so this is not about 
politics for me. We need to focus on 
stopping the bloodshed before it starts. 
This summer, I introduced the Break 
the Cycle of Violence Act along with 
my colleagues proposing $5 billion in 
funding that is now part of the Build 
Back Better Act. This money will in-
vest in proven, community-based vio-
lence intervention programs to build 
safer communities. 
This is about saving lives, and our 
constituents are counting on us to get 
this done. 
f 
BIDEN’S BORDER CRISIS 
(Mr. ALLEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. ALLEN. Madam Speaker, this 
country is going through crisis after 
crisis. 
The Border Patrol apprehended over 
200,000 immigrants at our southern bor-
der last month. August’s border num-
bers are alarming and mark a 21-year 
high. The Biden administration cannot 
blame this surge on seasonal trends as 
this number is a 317 percent increase 
from the same time last year. 
So what is the Biden administration 
doing to stop this ongoing border 
surge? 
Absolutely nothing. 
In fact, over 43,000 illegal immigrants 
were released into the U.S. last month. 
This is a national security crisis. We 
don’t know who is pouring across our 
border, and, unfortunately, this is a 
humanitarian crisis to the fullest ex-
tent. 
Just last week, we saw tens of thou-
sands of Haitians make their way to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
00:20 Sep 25, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K24SE7.002
H24SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 1-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5139 
September 24, 2021 
Del Rio with reports on the ground de-
scribing horrific conditions in their 
makeshift camp as two women report-
edly gave birth—including one who 
later tested positive for COVID–19. 
This crisis is one of the worst in his-
tory. It is time to finish the wall, end 
catch and release, and secure our bor-
der. 
f 
b 0915 
THE RIGHT TO ABORTION IS 
UNDER ATTACK 
(Ms. BONAMICI asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend her re-
marks.) 
Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Speaker, I 
rise in strong support of the Women’s 
Health Protection Act because the 
right to abortion, a right grounded in 
privacy, is under attack. 
When people have the freedom to 
make their own personal decisions 
about whether and when to become a 
parent, they are more likely to attain 
their educational goals, maintain job 
mobility, achieve economic security. 
But unfortunately, politicians in many 
States, and in this very body, want to 
invade privacy and deny autonomy. 
We cannot take the right to choose 
for granted. I urge passage of this vital 
legislation because we refuse to be 
dragged back to the dangerous days be-
fore Roe v. Wade. I urge everyone to 
support the Women’s Health Protec-
tion Act. 
f 
EFFORTS TO REMOVE PRO-LIFE 
PROTECTIONS 
(Mr. BERGMAN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. BERGMAN. Madam Speaker, I 
rise today in intensely strong opposi-
tion to efforts to remove longstanding 
pro-life protections and potentially 
even the ban on taxpayer funding for 
abortions as evidenced by the bill 
Democrats want us to pass in a few 
hours. 
With a single move, this legislation 
would eliminate 40 years of bipartisan 
consensus in Washington in State cap-
itals across the country to protect the 
health of pregnant women and the un-
born. 
In addition to allowing elective late- 
term abortions and hampering access 
to proper care at abortion clinics in the 
case of emergencies, this bill would 
preempt any State laws that prevent 
sex-based or disability status-based 
abortion 
decisions. 
Medical 
profes-
sionals could also be forced to conduct 
abortions, despite moral objections. 
Our Nation faces a host of crises, 
most of which are self-inflicted. I im-
plore my colleagues to reject this bill 
and get back to the people’s work. 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. 
SPEIER) laid before the House the fol-
lowing communication from the Clerk 
of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK, 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
Washington, DC, September 24, 2021. 
Hon. NANCY PELOSI, 
Speaker, House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR MADAM SPEAKER: Pursuant to the 
permission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II 
of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-
tives, the Clerk received the following mes-
sage from the Secretary of the Senate on 
September 24, 2021, at 8:17 a.m.: 
That the Senate agreed to Relative to the 
death of Robert Britton ‘‘Bob’’ Dove, 
Parliamentarian Emeritus of the United 
States Senate S. Res. 386. 
That the Senate passed without amend-
ment H.R. 5293. 
That the Senate agreed to without amend-
ment H. Con. Res. 41. 
With best wishes, I am, 
Sincerely, 
KEVIN F. MCCUMBER, 
Deputy Clerk. 
f 
WOMEN’S HEALTH PROTECTION 
ACT OF 2021 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, pur-
suant to House Resolution 667, I call up 
the bill (H.R. 3755) to protect a person’s 
ability to determine whether to con-
tinue or end a pregnancy, and to pro-
tect a health care provider’s ability to 
provide abortion services, and ask for 
its immediate consideration in the 
House. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 677, the 
amendment printed in part A of House 
Report 117–125 shall be considered as 
adopted. 
The bill, as amended, is considered 
read. 
The text of the bill, as amended, is as 
follows: 
H.R. 3755 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Women’s Health 
Protection Act of 2021’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS AND PURPOSE. 
(a) FINDINGS.—Congress finds the following: 
(1) Abortion services are essential to health 
care and access to those services is central to 
people’s ability to participate equally in the eco-
nomic and social life of the United States. Abor-
tion access allows people who are pregnant to 
make their own decisions about their preg-
nancies, their families, and their lives. 
(2) Since 1973, the Supreme Court repeatedly 
has recognized the constitutional right to termi-
nate a pregnancy before fetal viability, and to 
terminate a pregnancy after fetal viability 
where it is necessary, in the good-faith medical 
judgment of the treating health care profes-
sional, for the preservation of the life or health 
of the person who is pregnant. 
(3) Nonetheless, access to abortion services has 
been obstructed across the United States in var-
ious ways, including blockades of health care 
facilities and associated violence, prohibitions 
of, and restrictions on, insurance coverage; pa-
rental involvement laws (notification and con-
sent); restrictions that shame and stigmatize 
people seeking abortion services; and medically 
unnecessary regulations that neither confer any 
health benefit nor further the safety of abortion 
services, but which harm people by delaying, 
complicating access to, and reducing the avail-
ability of, abortion services. 
(4) Reproductive justice requires every indi-
vidual to have the right to make their own deci-
sions about having children regardless of their 
circumstances and without interference and dis-
crimination. Reproductive Justice is a human 
right that can and will be achieved when all 
people, regardless of actual or perceived race, 
color, national origin, immigration status, sex 
(including gender identity, sex stereotyping, or 
sexual orientation), age, or disability status 
have the economic, social, and political power 
and resources to define and make decisions 
about their bodies, health, sexuality, families, 
and communities in all areas of their lives, with 
dignity and self-determination. 
(5) Reproductive justice seeks to address re-
strictions on reproductive health, including 
abortion, that perpetuate systems of oppression, 
lack of bodily autonomy, white supremacy, and 
anti-Black racism. This violent legacy has mani-
fested in policies including enslavement, rape, 
and experimentation on Black women; forced 
sterilizations; medical experimentation on low- 
income women’s reproductive systems; and the 
forcible removal of Indigenous children. Access 
to equitable reproductive health care, including 
abortion services, has always been deficient in 
the United States for Black, Indigenous, and 
other People of Color (BIPOC) and their fami-
lies. 
(6) The legacy of restrictions on reproductive 
health, rights, and justice is not a dated vestige 
of a dark history. Presently, the harms of abor-
tion-specific restrictions fall especially heavily 
on people with low incomes, BIPOC, immi-
grants, young people, people with disabilities, 
and those living in rural and other medically 
underserved areas. Abortion-specific restrictions 
are even more compounded by the ongoing crim-
inalization of people who are pregnant, includ-
ing those who are incarcerated, living with HIV, 
or with substance-use disorders. These commu-
nities already experience health disparities due 
to social, political, and environmental inequi-
ties, and restrictions on abortion services exacer-
bate these harms. Removing medically unjusti-
fied restrictions on abortion services would con-
stitute one important step on the path toward 
realizing Reproductive Justice by ensuring that 
the full range of reproductive health care is ac-
cessible to all who need it. 
(7) Abortion-specific restrictions are a tool of 
gender oppression, as they target health care 
services that are used primarily by women. 
These paternalistic restrictions rely on and rein-
force harmful stereotypes about gender roles, 
women’s decision-making, and women’s need for 
protection instead of support, undermining their 
ability to control their own lives and well-being. 
These restrictions harm the basic autonomy, 
dignity, and equality of women, and their abil-
ity to participate in the social and economic life 
of the Nation. 
(8) The terms ‘‘woman’’ and ‘‘women’’ are 
used in this bill to reflect the identity of the ma-
jority of people targeted and affected by restric-
tions on abortion services, and to address 
squarely the targeted restrictions on abortion, 
which are rooted in misogyny. However, access 
to abortion services is critical to the health of 
every person capable of becoming pregnant. 
This Act is intended to protect all people with 
the capacity for pregnancy—cisgender women, 
transgender men, non-binary individuals, those 
who identify with a different gender, and oth-
ers—who are unjustly harmed by restrictions on 
abortion services. 
(9) Since 2011, States and local governments 
have passed nearly 500 restrictions singling out 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
00:20 Sep 25, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\K24SE7.004
H24SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 2-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5140 
September 24, 2021 
health care providers who offer abortion serv-
ices, interfering with their ability to provide 
those services and the patients’ ability to obtain 
those services. 
(10) Many State and local governments have 
imposed restrictions on the provision of abortion 
services that are neither evidence-based nor gen-
erally applicable to the medical profession or to 
other medically comparable outpatient gyneco-
logical procedures, such as endometrial abla-
tions, dilation and curettage for reasons other 
than 
abortion, 
hysteroscopies, 
loop 
electrosurgical excision procedures, or other 
analogous non-gynecological procedures per-
formed in similar outpatient settings including 
vasectomy, sigmoidoscopy, and colonoscopy. 
(11) Abortion is essential health care and one 
of the safest medical procedures in the United 
States. An independent, comprehensive review 
of the state of science on the safety and quality 
of abortion services, published by the National 
Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medi-
cine in 2018, found that abortion in the United 
States is safe and effective and that the biggest 
threats to the quality of abortion services in the 
United States are State regulations that create 
barriers to care. These abortion-specific restric-
tions conflict with medical standards and are 
not supported by the recommendations and 
guidelines issued by leading reproductive health 
care professional organizations including the 
American College of Obstetricians and Gyne-
cologists, the Society of Family Planning, the 
National Abortion Federation, the World Health 
Organization, and others. 
(12) Many abortion-specific restrictions do not 
confer any health or safety benefits on the pa-
tient. Instead, these restrictions have the pur-
pose and effect of unduly burdening people’s 
personal and private medical decisions to end 
their pregnancies by making access to abortion 
services more difficult, invasive, and costly, 
often forcing people to travel significant dis-
tances and make multiple unnecessary visits to 
the provider, and in some cases, foreclosing the 
option altogether. For example, a 2018 report 
from the University of California San Fran-
cisco’s Advancing New Standards in Reproduc-
tive Health research group found that in 27 cit-
ies across the United States, people have to trav-
el more than 100 miles in any direction to reach 
an abortion provider. 
(13) An overwhelming majority of abortions in 
the United States are provided in clinics, not 
hospitals, but the large majority of counties 
throughout the United States have no clinics 
that provide abortion. 
(14) These restrictions additionally harm peo-
ple’s health by reducing access not only to abor-
tion services but also to other essential health 
care services offered by many of the providers 
targeted by the restrictions, including— 
(A) screenings and preventive services, includ-
ing contraceptive services; 
(B) testing and treatment for sexually trans-
mitted infections; 
(C) LGBTQ health services; and 
(D) referrals for primary care, intimate part-
ner violence prevention, prenatal care and 
adoption services. 
(15) The cumulative effect of these numerous 
restrictions has been to severely limit the avail-
ability of abortion services in some areas, cre-
ating a patchwork system where access to abor-
tion services is more available in some States 
than in others. A 2019 report from the Govern-
ment Accountability Office examining State 
Medicaid compliance with abortion coverage re-
quirements analyzed seven key challenges (iden-
tified both by health care providers and re-
search literature) and their effect on abortion 
access, and found that access to abortion serv-
ices varied across the States and even within a 
State. 
(16) International human rights law recog-
nizes that access to abortion is intrinsically 
linked to the rights to life, health, equality and 
non-discrimination, privacy, and freedom from 
ill-treatment. United Nations (UN) human rights 
treaty monitoring bodies have found that legal 
abortion services, like other reproductive health 
care services, must be available, accessible, af-
fordable, acceptable, and of good quality. UN 
human rights treaty bodies have likewise con-
demned medically unnecessary barriers to abor-
tion services, including mandatory waiting peri-
ods, biased counseling requirements, and third- 
party authorization requirements. 
(17) Core human rights treaties ratified by the 
United States protect access to abortion. For ex-
ample, in 2018, the UN Human Rights Com-
mittee, which oversees implementation of the 
ICCPR, made clear that the right to life, en-
shrined in Article 6 of the ICCPR, at a minimum 
requires governments to provide safe, legal, and 
effective access to abortion where a person’s life 
and health is at risk, or when carrying a preg-
nancy to term would cause substantial pain or 
suffering. The Committee stated that govern-
ments must not impose restrictions on abortion 
which subject women and girls to physical or 
mental pain or suffering, discriminate against 
them, arbitrarily interfere with their privacy, or 
place them at risk of undertaking unsafe abor-
tions. Furthermore, the Committee stated that 
governments should remove existing barriers 
that deny effective access to safe and legal abor-
tion, refrain from introducing new barriers to 
abortion, and prevent the stigmatization of 
those seeking abortion. 
(18) UN independent human rights experts 
have expressed particular concern about bar-
riers to abortion services in the United States. 
For example, at the conclusion of his 2017 visit 
to the United States, the UN Special Rapporteur 
on extreme poverty and human rights noted 
concern that low-income women face legal and 
practical obstacles to exercising their constitu-
tional right to access abortion services, trapping 
many women in cycles of poverty. Similarly, in 
May 2020, the UN Working Group on discrimi-
nation against women and girls, along with 
other human rights experts, expressed concern 
that some states had manipulated the COVID–19 
crisis to restrict access to abortion, which the 
experts recognized as ‘‘the latest example illus-
trating a pattern of restrictions and retrogres-
sions in access to legal abortion care across the 
country’’ and reminded U.S. authorities that 
abortion care constitutes essential health care 
that must remain available during and after the 
pandemic. They noted that barriers to abortion 
access exacerbate systemic inequalities and 
cause particular harm to marginalized commu-
nities, including low-income people, people of 
color, immigrants, people with disabilities, and 
LGBTQ people. 
(19) Abortion-specific restrictions affect the 
cost and availability of abortion services, and 
the settings in which abortion services are deliv-
ered. People travel across State lines and other-
wise engage in interstate commerce to access this 
essential medical care, and more would be forced 
to do so absent this Act. Likewise, health care 
providers travel across State lines and otherwise 
engage in interstate commerce in order to pro-
vide abortion services to patients, and more 
would be forced to do so absent this Act. 
(20) Health care providers engage in a form of 
economic and commercial activity when they 
provide abortion services, and there is an inter-
state market for abortion services. 
(21) Abortion restrictions substantially affect 
interstate commerce in numerous ways. For ex-
ample, to provide abortion services, health care 
providers engage in interstate commerce to pur-
chase medicine, medical equipment, and other 
necessary goods and services. To provide and 
assist others in providing abortion services, 
health care providers engage in interstate com-
merce to obtain and provide training. To provide 
abortion services, health care providers employ 
and obtain commercial services from doctors, 
nurses, and other personnel who engage in 
interstate commerce and travel across State 
lines. 
(22) It is difficult and time and resource-con-
suming for clinics to challenge State laws that 
burden or impede abortion services. Litigation 
that blocks one abortion restriction may not pre-
vent a State from adopting other similarly bur-
densome abortion restrictions or using different 
methods to burden or impede abortion services. 
There is a history and pattern of States passing 
successive and different laws that unduly bur-
den abortion services. 
(23) When a health care provider ceases pro-
viding abortion services as a result of burden-
some and medically unnecessary regulations, it 
is often difficult or impossible for that health 
care provider to recommence providing those 
abortion services, and difficult or impossible for 
other health care providers to provide abortion 
services that restore or replace the ceased abor-
tion services. 
(24) Health care providers are subject to li-
cense laws in various jurisdictions, which are 
not affected by this Act except as provided in 
this Act. 
(25) Congress has the authority to enact this 
Act to protect abortion services pursuant to— 
(A) its powers under the commerce clause of 
section 8 of article I of the Constitution of the 
United States; 
(B) its powers under section 5 of the Four-
teenth Amendment to the Constitution of the 
United States to enforce the provisions of sec-
tion 1 of the Fourteenth Amendment; and 
(C) its powers under the necessary and proper 
clause of section 8 of Article I of the Constitu-
tion of the United States. 
(26) Congress has used its authority in the 
past to protect access to abortion services and 
health care providers’ ability to provide abortion 
services. In the early 1990s, protests and block-
ades at health care facilities where abortion 
services were provided, and associated violence, 
increased dramatically and reached crisis level, 
requiring Congressional action. Congress passed 
the Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act 
(Public Law 103–259; 108 Stat. 694) to address 
that situation and protect physical access to 
abortion services. 
(27) Congressional action is necessary to put 
an end to harmful restrictions, to federally pro-
tect access to abortion services for everyone re-
gardless of where they live, and to protect the 
ability of health care providers to provide these 
services in a safe and accessible manner. 
(b) PURPOSE.—It is the purpose of this Act— 
(1) to permit health care providers to provide 
abortion services without limitations or require-
ments that single out the provision of abortion 
services for restrictions that are more burden-
some than those restrictions imposed on medi-
cally comparable procedures, do not signifi-
cantly advance reproductive health or the safe-
ty of abortion services, and make abortion serv-
ices more difficult to access; 
(2) to promote access to abortion services and 
women’s ability to participate equally in the 
economic and social life of the United States; 
and 
(3) to invoke Congressional authority, includ-
ing the powers of Congress under the commerce 
clause of section 8 of article I of the Constitu-
tion of the United States, its powers under sec-
tion 5 of the Fourteenth Amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States to enforce the pro-
visions of section 1 of the Fourteenth Amend-
ment, and its powers under the necessary and 
proper clause of section 8 of article I of the Con-
stitution of the United States. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: 
(1) ABORTION SERVICES.—The term ‘‘abortion 
services’’ means an abortion and any medical or 
non-medical services related to and provided in 
conjunction with an abortion (whether or not 
provided at the same time or on the same day as 
the abortion). 
(2) GOVERNMENT.—The term ‘‘government’’ in-
cludes each branch, department, agency, instru-
mentality, and official of the United States or a 
State. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
00:20 Sep 25, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00004
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\A24SE7.001
H24SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 3-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5141 
September 24, 2021 
(3) 
HEALTH
CARE
PROVIDER.—The 
term 
‘‘health care provider’’ means any entity or in-
dividual (including any physician, certified 
nurse-midwife, nurse practitioner, and physi-
cian assistant) that— 
(A) is engaged or seeks to engage in the deliv-
ery of health care services, including abortion 
services, and 
(B) if required by law or regulation to be li-
censed or certified to engage in the delivery of 
such services— 
(i) is so licensed or certified, or 
(ii) would be so licensed or certified but for 
their past, present, or potential provision of 
abortion services permitted by section 4. 
(4) MEDICALLY
COMPARABLE
PROCEDURE.— 
The term ‘‘medically comparable procedures’’ 
means medical procedures that are similar in 
terms of health and safety risks to the patient, 
complexity, or the clinical setting that is indi-
cated. 
(5) PREGNANCY.—The term ‘‘pregnancy’’ refers 
to the period of the human reproductive process 
beginning with the implantation of a fertilized 
egg. 
(6) STATE.—The term ‘‘State’’ includes the 
District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of 
Puerto Rico, and each territory and possession 
of the United States, and any subdivision of any 
of the foregoing, including any unit of local 
government, such as a county, city, town, vil-
lage, or other general purpose political subdivi-
sion of a State. 
(7) VIABILITY.—The term ‘‘viability’’ means 
the point in a pregnancy at which, in the good- 
faith medical judgment of the treating health 
care provider, based on the particular facts of 
the case before the health care provider, there is 
a reasonable likelihood of sustained fetal sur-
vival outside the uterus with or without artifi-
cial support. 
SEC. 4. PERMITTED SERVICES. 
(a) GENERAL RULE.—A health care provider 
has a statutory right under this Act to provide 
abortion services, and may provide abortion 
services, and that provider’s patient has a cor-
responding right to receive such services, with-
out any of the following limitations or require-
ments: 
(1) A requirement that a health care provider 
perform specific tests or medical procedures in 
connection with the provision of abortion serv-
ices, unless generally required for the provision 
of medically comparable procedures. 
(2) A requirement that the same health care 
provider who provides abortion services also per-
form specified tests, services, or procedures prior 
to or subsequent to the abortion. 
(3) A requirement that a health care provider 
offer or provide the patient seeking abortion 
services medically inaccurate information in ad-
vance of or during abortion services. 
(4) A limitation on a health care provider’s 
ability to prescribe or dispense drugs based on 
current evidence-based regimens or the pro-
vider’s good-faith medical judgment, other than 
a limitation generally applicable to the medical 
profession. 
(5) A limitation on a health care provider’s 
ability to provide abortion services via telemedi-
cine, other than a limitation generally applica-
ble to the provision of medical services via tele-
medicine. 
(6) A requirement or limitation concerning the 
physical plant, equipment, staffing, or hospital 
transfer arrangements of facilities where abor-
tion services are provided, or the credentials or 
hospital privileges or status of personnel at such 
facilities, that is not imposed on facilities or the 
personnel of facilities where medically com-
parable procedures are performed. 
(7) A requirement that, prior to obtaining an 
abortion, a patient make one or more medically 
unnecessary in-person visits to the provider of 
abortion services or to any individual or entity 
that does not provide abortion services. 
(8) A prohibition on abortion at any point or 
points in time prior to fetal viability, including 
a prohibition or restriction on a particular abor-
tion procedure. 
(9) A prohibition on abortion after fetal viabil-
ity when, in the good-faith medical judgment of 
the treating health care provider, continuation 
of the pregnancy would pose a risk to the preg-
nant patient’s life or health. 
(10) A limitation on a health care provider’s 
ability to provide immediate abortion services 
when that health care provider believes, based 
on the good-faith medical judgment of the pro-
vider, that delay would pose a risk to the pa-
tient’s health. 
(11) A requirement that a patient seeking 
abortion services at any point or points in time 
prior to fetal viability disclose the patient’s rea-
son or reasons for seeking abortion services, or 
a limitation on the provision or obtaining of 
abortion services at any point or points in time 
prior to fetal viability based on any actual, per-
ceived, or potential reason or reasons of the pa-
tient for obtaining abortion services, regardless 
of whether the limitation is based on a health 
care provider’s degree of actual or constructive 
knowledge of such reason or reasons. 
(b) OTHER LIMITATIONS OR REQUIREMENTS.— 
The statutory right specified in subsection (a) 
shall not be limited or otherwise infringed 
through, in addition to the limitations and re-
quirements specified in paragraphs (1) through 
(11) of subsection (a), any limitation or require-
ment that— 
(1) is the same as or similar to one or more of 
the limitations or requirements described in sub-
section (a); or 
(2) both— 
(A) expressly, effectively, implicitly, or as im-
plemented singles out the provision of abortion 
services, health care providers who provide 
abortion services, or facilities in which abortion 
services are provided; and 
(B) impedes access to abortion services. 
(c) FACTORS FOR CONSIDERATION.—Factors a 
court may consider in determining whether a 
limitation or requirement impedes access to 
abortion services for purposes of subsection 
(b)(2)(B) include the following: 
(1) Whether the limitation or requirement, in 
a provider’s good-faith medical judgment, inter-
feres with a health care provider’s ability to 
provide care and render services, or poses a risk 
to the patient’s health or safety. 
(2) Whether the limitation or requirement is 
reasonably likely to delay or deter some patients 
in accessing abortion services. 
(3) Whether the limitation or requirement is 
reasonably likely to directly or indirectly in-
crease the cost of providing abortion services or 
the cost for obtaining abortion services (includ-
ing costs associated with travel, childcare, or 
time off work). 
(4) Whether the limitation or requirement is 
reasonably likely to have the effect of necessi-
tating a trip to the offices of a health care pro-
vider that would not otherwise be required. 
(5) Whether the limitation or requirement is 
reasonably likely to result in a decrease in the 
availability of abortion services in a given State 
or geographic region. 
(6) Whether the limitation or requirement im-
poses penalties that are not imposed on other 
health care providers for comparable conduct or 
failure to act, or that are more severe than pen-
alties imposed on other health care providers for 
comparable conduct or failure to act. 
(7) The cumulative impact of the limitation or 
requirement combined with other new or exist-
ing limitations or requirements. 
(d) EXCEPTION.—To defend against a claim 
that a limitation or requirement violates a 
health care provider’s or patient’s statutory 
rights under subsection (b), a party must estab-
lish, by clear and convincing evidence, that— 
(1) the limitation or requirement significantly 
advances the safety of abortion services or the 
health of patients; and 
(2) the safety of abortion services or the 
health of patients cannot be advanced by a less 
restrictive alternative measure or action. 
SEC. 5. APPLICABILITY AND PREEMPTION. 
(a) IN GENERAL.— 
(1) Except as stated under subsection (b), this 
Act supersedes and applies to the law of the 
Federal Government and each State govern-
ment, and the implementation of such law, 
whether statutory, common law, or otherwise, 
and whether adopted before or after the date of 
enactment of this Act, and neither the Federal 
Government nor any State government shall ad-
minister, implement, or enforce any law, rule, 
regulation, standard, or other provision having 
the force and effect of law that conflicts with 
any provision of this Act, notwithstanding any 
other provision of Federal law, including the 
Religious Freedom Restoration Act of 1993 (42 
U.S.C. 2000bb et seq.). 
(2) Federal statutory law adopted after the 
date of the enactment of this Act is subject to 
this Act unless such law explicitly excludes such 
application by reference to this Act. 
(b) LIMITATIONS.—The provisions of this Act 
shall not supersede or apply to— 
(1) laws regulating physical access to clinic 
entrances; 
(2) insurance or medical assistance coverage 
of abortion services; 
(3) 
the 
procedure 
described 
in 
section 
1531(b)(1) of title 18, United States Code; or 
(4) generally applicable State contract law. 
(c) DEFENSE.—In any cause of action against 
an individual or entity who is subject to a limi-
tation or requirement that violates this Act, in 
addition to the remedies specified in section 8, 
this Act shall also apply to, and may be raised 
as a defense by, such an individual or entity. 
SEC. 6. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
This Act shall take effect immediately upon 
the date of enactment of this Act. This Act shall 
apply to all restrictions on the provision of, or 
access to, abortion services whether the restric-
tions are enacted or imposed prior to or after the 
date of enactment of this Act, except as other-
wise provided in this Act. 
SEC. 7. RULES OF CONSTRUCTION. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—In interpreting the provi-
sions of this Act, a court shall liberally construe 
such provisions to effectuate the purposes of the 
Act. 
(b) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in this 
Act shall be construed to authorize any govern-
ment to interfere with a person’s ability to ter-
minate a pregnancy, to diminish or in any way 
negatively affect a person’s constitutional right 
to terminate a pregnancy, or to displace any 
other remedy for violations of the constitutional 
right to terminate a pregnancy. 
(c) OTHER INDIVIDUALS CONSIDERED AS GOV-
ERNMENT OFFICIALS.—Any person who, by oper-
ation of a provision of Federal or State law, is 
permitted to implement or enforce a limitation or 
requirement that violates section 4 of this Act 
shall be considered a government official for 
purposes of this Act. 
SEC. 8. ENFORCEMENT. 
(a) ATTORNEY GENERAL.—The Attorney Gen-
eral may commence a civil action on behalf of 
the United States against any State that vio-
lates, or against any government official (in-
cluding a person described in section 7(c)) that 
implements or enforces a limitation or require-
ment that violates, section 4. The court shall 
hold unlawful and set aside the limitation or re-
quirement if it is in violation of this Act. 
(b) PRIVATE RIGHT OF ACTION.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Any individual or entity, in-
cluding any health care provider or patient, ad-
versely affected by an alleged violation of this 
Act, may commence a civil action against any 
State that violates, or against any government 
official (including a person described in section 
7(c)) that implements or enforces a limitation or 
requirement that violates, section 4. The court 
shall hold unlawful and set aside the limitation 
or requirement if it is in violation of this Act. 
(2) HEALTH
CARE
PROVIDER.—A health care 
provider may commence an action for relief on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
00:20 Sep 25, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00005
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\A24SE7.001
H24SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 4-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5142 
September 24, 2021 
its own behalf, on behalf of the provider’s staff, 
and on behalf of the provider’s patients who are 
or may be adversely affected by an alleged vio-
lation of this Act. 
(c) EQUITABLE RELIEF.—In any action under 
this section, the court may award appropriate 
equitable relief, including temporary, prelimi-
nary, or permanent injunctive relief. 
(d) COSTS.—In any action under this section, 
the court shall award costs of litigation, as well 
as reasonable attorney’s fees, to any prevailing 
plaintiff. A plaintiff shall not be liable to a de-
fendant for costs or attorney’s fees in any non- 
frivolous action under this section. 
(e) JURISDICTION.—The district courts of the 
United States shall have jurisdiction over pro-
ceedings under this Act and shall exercise the 
same without regard to whether the party ag-
grieved shall have exhausted any administrative 
or other remedies that may be provided for by 
law. 
(f) ABROGATION OF STATE IMMUNITY.—Neither 
a State that enforces or maintains, nor a gov-
ernment official (including a person described in 
section 7(c)) who is permitted to implement or 
enforce any limitation or requirement that vio-
lates section 4 shall be immune under the Tenth 
Amendment to the Constitution of the United 
States, the Eleventh Amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States, or any other 
source of law, from an action in a Federal or 
State court of competent jurisdiction chal-
lenging that limitation or requirement. 
SEC. 9. SEVERABILITY. 
If any provision of this Act, or the application 
of such provision to any person, entity, govern-
ment, or circumstance, is held to be unconstitu-
tional, the remainder of this Act, or the applica-
tion of such provision to all other persons, enti-
ties, governments, or circumstances, shall not be 
affected thereby. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill, 
as amended, shall be debatable for one 
hour equally divided and controlled by 
the chair and ranking minority mem-
ber of the Committee on Energy and 
Commerce or their respective des-
ignees. 
The gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. 
PALLONE) and the gentlewoman from 
Washington (Mrs. RODGERS) each will 
control 30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New Jersey. 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-
bers may have 5 legislative days in 
which to revise and extend their re-
marks and include extraneous material 
on H.R. 3755. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-
tleman from New Jersey? 
There was no objection. 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself 1 minute. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today in 
strong support of H.R. 3755, the Wom-
en’s Health Protection Act of 2021. The 
need to pass this legislation grows 
more urgent every day as anti-abortion 
extremists continue to pass harmful 
State laws that are intended to restrict 
access to reproductive healthcare and 
turn back the clock on the constitu-
tionally protected right to abortion. 
While the courts seem willing to chip 
away at decades of clear precedent 
guaranteeing the right for women to 
make their own healthcare decisions, it 
is vital we act to protect this right and 
enshrine it in Federal law. 
This legislation simply ensures that 
no matter where they live, patients can 
access 
abortion 
services, 
and 
healthcare providers can provide this 
care without medically unnecessary 
and burdensome restrictions. And now 
is the time to pass this legislation and 
ensure women’s healthcare rights are 
enshrined in Federal law. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
legislation today, and I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mrs. 
RODGERS 
of 
Washington. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to 
the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. 
GUTHRIE), the ranking member on the 
Health Subcommittee. 
Mr. GUTHRIE. Madam Speaker, I 
rise in opposition to the Democrats’ 
abortion on demand until birth bill. 
The other night we were having a 
hearing in Energy and Commerce. It 
was on a similar—a different bill, but a 
similar topic. And a lot of the rhetoric 
coming from the other side and, spe-
cifically, I remember is that the baby 
is nothing more than a uterus or an 
ovary. It was just kind of all of the 
same thing. 
And it reminded me back when I 
was—when we had our first child, our 
now 28-year old, mother of our grand-
child, when she was 12 weeks we had to 
have a sonogram because we thought 
there might be some issues. And she 
was about the size of the end of my 
thumb. And when we got the 28-year- 
old technology, she was sucking her 
thumb. The lady said, oh, look, he or 
she is sucking her thumb. Now we 
know it was a her; we didn’t know at 
the time. 
It is a distinct individual. Now, I will 
accede that it 100 percent depends on 
its mother for life, but it is distinct 
and separate from its mom. Her heart 
was beating. 
Moving forward, let me just talk 
about how extreme this bill is. It al-
lows abortion at any time if the unborn 
child was diagnosed with anything 
such as Down syndrome. It allows abor-
tion at any time solely based on the 
baby’s biological sex. It allows abor-
tion to occur at any time point, includ-
ing when a baby can feel pain, as well 
as when a heartbeat can be detected. 
So this is an extreme bill before us 
today. And before we vote on this, I 
would like to let my colleagues know 
that a majority of Americans do not 
support abortions with no limits. In 
fact, 80 percent of Americans say abor-
tion should be illegal in the third tri-
mester. 
This does not prevent States from 
making abortions legal in the third tri-
mester. 
I strongly urge my colleagues to op-
pose this bill. It is a separate and dis-
tinct life. 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman 
from California (Ms. ESHOO), the chair-
woman of our Health Subcommittee. 
Ms. ESHOO. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today in strong support of the Women’s 
Health Protection Act. 
Nearly 50 years ago, the Supreme 
Court affirmed the right of every 
woman to make decisions about her 
own life, her own body, her own future. 
Now that right is under horrible 
threat by a shameful and unconstitu-
tional law in Texas that bans abortion 
after 6 weeks of pregnancy, before 
many women even know they are preg-
nant. That is a law in defiance of the 
Federal law. It turns private citizens 
into snitches to turn women in. That is 
reminiscent of the Third Reich. And if 
that sounds staggering, it is because it 
is. 
Every day, women in our country 
face 
deeply 
personal 
decisions 
of 
whether to continue their pregnancies. 
They should be able to make their own 
decisions, free from politicians’ inter-
ference. 
The Women’s Health Protection Act 
is exactly that. It protects women. It 
ensures that every woman has equal 
access to comprehensive reproductive 
healthcare. I urge all of my colleagues 
to support this legislation. 
Mrs. 
RODGERS 
of 
Washington. 
Madam Speaker, I am pleased to yield 
2 minutes to the gentlewoman from In-
diana (Mrs. WALORSKI). 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Madam Speaker, I 
thank my friend for yielding. 
In America, the condition of a child’s 
birth doesn’t determine the outcome of 
their life, for every single person, born 
or unborn, should have the opportunity 
to live the American Dream. 
But this abortion on demand bill 
would destroy our country’s future. 
Today, we are embarking on the big-
gest step backward in our Nation’s his-
tory. This vote could be the most con-
sequential vote that any of us take. 
Today, the science is even more clear 
than it was in 1973, that a child in the 
womb is a living person. And yet, my 
colleagues on the other side remain ob-
sessed with killing unborn babies in 
the name of female empowerment. 
Many supporters of this bill, like me, 
call us pro-life Americans extreme. I 
have heard it already this morning. 
But I have seen extreme. I have wit-
nessed the cruelty of abortion and it is 
ugly. 
In South Bend, Indiana, Dr. Ulrich 
Klopfer provided abortions for decades. 
When he died in 2019, his family found 
the medically preserved remains of 
2,411 children hidden in his garage. 
That is 2,411 human babies preserved in 
formaldehyde in jars in his garage. It 
was national news for a week. This 
abortionist left a legacy of death and 
destruction. That is what extreme 
looks like. 
Abortions sold as healthcare is a 
sickening violation of human dignity 
that Americans should not and cannot 
tolerate. 
So I will ask this question: Will we 
allow this to happen again? 
As a nation, we have an obligation to 
future generations to reject abortion 
on demand and to fight for life. I im-
plore my colleagues here today, join 
me in opposing this bill and standing 
for life. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
00:20 Sep 25, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00006
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A24SE7.001
H24SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 5-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5143 
September 24, 2021 
The truth is on our side, and, in the 
end, the truth is going to prevail. 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman 
from Connecticut (Ms. DELAURO), the 
chairwoman 
of 
the 
Appropriations 
Committee. 
Ms. DELAURO. Madam Speaker, let 
me be clear. Everyone everywhere 
should have the freedom to make their 
own 
personal 
healthcare 
decisions 
without interference from politicians. 
When the Supreme Court allowed the 
most restrictive abortion law in the 
nation to go into effect in Texas, they 
made it clear that they cannot be 
trusted to protect the constitutional 
right to an abortion. That is why the 
Congress must act as other States are 
moving to follow suit. 
That is why Democrats are fighting 
to protect a woman’s right to choose. 
That is why we have removed the re-
strictive Hyde language from all of our 
appropriations bills. 
It is time to trust women, to respect 
their decisions. Healthcare is not polit-
ical, not negotiable. 
Mrs. 
RODGERS 
of 
Washington. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to 
the gentleman from Florida (Mr. BILI-
RAKIS), ranking member of a sub-
committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Madam Speaker, I 
rise today in strong opposition to the 
abortion on demand until birth act. 
I have worked in Congress to pro-
mote a culture of life and remain sup-
portive of measures that respect the 
sanctity of human life by encouraging 
alternatives 
to 
abortion, 
including 
counseling and pregnancy centers for 
women. 
By contrast, the abortion on demand 
until birth act attempts to override 
past and future pro-life laws at the 
Federal and State levels. This will 
allow abortions based on Down syn-
drome diagnosis, sex of the baby, and 
even dismemberment abortions. Sim-
ply put, this bill’s goal is to promote 
abortion anywhere, anytime, from con-
ception to birth. 
Madam Speaker, our Nation should 
be investing in women’s healthcare and 
the healthcare of unborn babies. This 
bill does the opposite. I urge my col-
leagues to oppose it. 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from 
New York (Mr. JEFFRIES), the chair-
man of the Democratic Caucus. 
Mr. JEFFRIES. Madam Speaker, I 
thank the distinguished chair for yield-
ing and for his leadership in advancing 
this incredibly important issue. 
America is the land of the free and 
the home of the brave, but we cannot 
truly be a free country unless women 
have the freedom to make their own 
healthcare 
decisions. 
The 
radical 
right’s effort to take away that free-
dom, all across country, is unaccept-
able, unthinkable, untenable, uncon-
scionable, and un-American. We are 
going to make it unlawful. 
We are going to pass the Women’s 
Healthcare Protection Act, and we are 
going to protect and respect a woman’s 
freedom to make her own healthcare 
decisions. 
b 0930 
Mrs. 
RODGERS 
of 
Washington. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to 
the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. 
HARTZLER), who has fought for life so 
long. 
Mrs. HARTZLER. Madam Speaker, 
as a woman, as a mom, as a former 
teacher who worked with hundreds of 
teenagers and who loves each and every 
one of them, I rise in opposition to this 
bill, which isn’t about freedom for 
women; it is about death for babies. 
We are faced with multiple questions 
today. 
Is it okay to coerce a woman to have 
an abortion? 
Is it okay to send a 13-year-old girl 
home to perform a do-it-yourself abor-
tion on herself without medical super-
vision? Is it okay for her to have this 
abortion without her parents even 
knowing? 
Is it okay to take the life of a baby 
just because it has Down syndrome? 
Is it okay to take the life of a baby 
just because it is a girl? 
Is it okay? It is not okay. The answer 
to all of these things should be no. 
Yet, this bill eliminates protections 
for women and girls facing coercion, 
neglect, and discrimination. It endan-
gers their health, and it ends the life of 
a living human being with a plan and a 
purpose from God and who deserves to 
live. 
We are here to defend the basic right 
to life, and I plead with my colleagues 
to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman 
from 
California 
(Ms. 
PELOSI), 
the 
Speaker of the House of Representa-
tives. 
Ms. 
PELOSI. 
Madam 
Speaker, 
I 
thank the gentleman for yielding and 
thank him for his leadership on this 
very important issue and to all of our 
colleagues in this pro-choice House 
Democratic Caucus. This is the first 
time, Madam Speaker, that we have 
had a pro-choice Democratic Caucus 
with a Democratic President, and the 
timing could not be better because of 
the assault that has been made on the 
constitutional rights of women in our 
country. 
Madam Speaker, coming to the floor 
today, I recall an experience from when 
I was in high school. Now, that was a 
long time ago. We were in a debate, a 
contemporaneous debate situation, and 
you were to pick something out of a 
hat and then speak to it. 
Well, a person, a friend of mine, drew 
the question, and it said—now, again, 
ancient history, a long time ago. It 
said: ‘‘Do women think?’’ That was the 
question that she had to speak to: ‘‘Do 
women think?’’ It seemed horrible at 
the time. It seems out of the question, 
beyond horrible now. 
Today, years later, it seems that 
there are some who want to debate 
that question because the disrespect 
for women and their ability to deter-
mine the size and timing of their fam-
ily, and so many other things, is 
disrespected in the action taken by the 
State of Texas. 
But even worse than that—because 
what do you expect? Worse than that 
was the decision of this Court, the Su-
preme Court of the United States, to 
embrace the horror of it all, in terms of 
the legislation and what it did to re-
move the sanctity of private decision-
making from women, but also that it 
gave an imprimatur to vigilantism, 
something so outrageous, so unpatri-
otic, so un-American, madly embraced 
by this shameful Court, with total dis-
regard for stare decisis, the precedent 
that the Court had already established, 
that Roe v. Wade was constitutional. 
Today, I want to thank JUDY CHU for 
her leadership, Congress in, Congress 
out, but now we have the majority and 
a President and a Democratic Senate. I 
thank her for her leadership in intro-
ducing this again and again. 
In advocating the Women’s Health 
Protection Act, we are standing on the 
side of women to defend their freedoms 
and to uphold this truth: Every woman 
everywhere 
has 
the 
constitutional 
right to basic reproductive healthcare, 
no matter what State you live in. Con-
stitutional rights are not meted out 
geographically. They are for the coun-
try. 
Again, I salute Congresswoman CHU, 
chair of the Contraception and Family 
Planning Task Force of the Pro-Choice 
Caucus, who has been introducing this 
bill over and over again. 
Again, we have produced legislation 
that can become law. For years, radical 
restrictions on women’s reproductive 
health freedoms have been pushed 
across the Nation, with 2021 on track to 
be the worst legislative year for wom-
en’s health rights. 
I come to this as a Catholic and a 
mother of five, in 6 years and 1 week, 
and with the joy that all of that meant 
to us but with the recognition that it 
was my husband and I—it was our deci-
sion. And we should not, in this body or 
in that Court, be making decisions for 
the women in America. 
As of July, 90 reproductive health re-
strictions have been enacted, more 
than in any year since Roe v. Wade was 
enacted in 1973. 
But here is the thing. It is important 
for the women of America to know 
that, as this impedes their right to 
make decisions, the same forces at 
work don’t want in vitro fertilization— 
actually, even the State of Mississippi 
rejected that, their prohibition on 
that—and stand in the way of reproduc-
tive health and guidance, in terms of 
family planning, birth control, and the 
rest. It is important for American 
women to know what we are up against 
when it comes to intrusion into the 
privacy of a family’s life. 
You would think that since they are 
so averse to governance in any way, 
they wouldn’t be so bullish about going 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
00:20 Sep 25, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00007
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K24SE7.008
H24SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 6-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5144 
September 24, 2021 
into people’s private lives in the way 
that they do. 
What the Supreme Court did was 
cowardly, a cowardly, dark-of-night de-
cision to allow that bill to go into ef-
fect. How could it be? Because it was a 
decision. The Court made a decision. 
But the Republicans in Congress and 
the then-President made a decision, in 
a way that was almost shameful, to 
make sure that so many Justices on 
the Court—I say shameful because the 
last 
one, 
which 
they 
railroaded 
through, while opposing the review of a 
Democratic President’s suggestion a 
few years earlier, saying they didn’t 
have enough time, a year. They had 
enough time, a month. 
I just want to say this about Roe. In 
Roe, the Supreme Court held that per-
sonal liberty is protected by the Con-
stitution, which the Court had recog-
nized as extending to decisions relating 
to marriage, procreation, contracep-
tion, 
family 
relations, 
and 
childrearing, and it is broad enough to 
encompass a woman’s decision whether 
or not to terminate her pregnancy. 
S.B. 8 is an extreme ban on abortion 
for most women before they even 
know. Sometimes I wonder if they 
don’t need a lesson in the birds and the 
bees, but, again, I just want to go to 
this point. S.B. 8 unleashes one of the 
most disturbing, unprecedented, far- 
reaching assaults on healthcare pro-
viders and on anyone who helps a 
woman in any way access an abortion 
by creating a vigilante bounty system 
that will have a chilling effect on the 
provisions of any healthcare services. 
What is next? What is next with 
these vigilantes and their bounty sys-
tem? 
I associate myself with my col-
leagues’ remarks on all of this because 
they bring so much knowledge of the 
Constitution, knowledge of the history 
since 1973 and even studying it before. 
DIANA DEGETTE, one of the co-chairs of 
the caucus, fought this issue in the 
courts and won, fought it in the court 
of public opinion, and fought it in the 
Congress of the United States. She, 
BARBARA
LEE, and, of course, JUDY 
CHU, so many of our women have taken 
the lead on this. 
But, again, although we are about a 
third of our Caucus—more than a third 
of our Caucus are women—our male 
colleagues have been very strong on 
this as well. Therefore, we will have 
today a vote for women, a vote for re-
spect for women, a vote for decency, a 
vote for pride in our Constitution and 
in our women. 
Mrs. 
RODGERS 
of 
Washington. 
Madam Speaker, I yield myself such 
time as I may consume. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today praying 
that this House will be defenders of 
truth, humility, and justice. 
I rise today in strong opposition to 
H.R. 3755. The abortion on demand 
until birth act is extreme. Abortion for 
any reason, at any stage of pregnancy, 
until birth, is not the will of the Amer-
ican people. 
I spoke with a pediatric cardiologist 
just this week who shared with me 
what is possible today. It is just amaz-
ing, because of technology, what is pos-
sible. 
We all know that we can look into 
the womb and see the development of 
the baby day by day, week by week. 
This cardiologist told me that, today, 
doctors perform prenatal surgeries and 
treatments to save lives. He said doc-
tors can perform surgeries on 20 dif-
ferent organs. That wasn’t possible in 
1973 when Roe v. Wade was decided. In 
fact, the first successful fetal surgery 
wasn’t until 1982, many decades later. 
Look how far we have come. Science 
has evolved. It is my hope that we will 
learn from this and come to reject 
abortion because it is inhumane; it is 
not following the science; and it 
doesn’t reflect the latest research or 
modern medicine. 
Abortion is the sharpest soul-search-
ing question before us as a Nation. This 
question pierces every heart. People 
have strongly held beliefs and stories, 
and both sides are guilty of dismissing 
one another. 
For those of us who stand for life, we 
must do a better job of listening and 
loving. Fear and despair are only lead-
ing to more arguments, anger, discord, 
and insecurity. 
For me, personally, I have never had 
an abortion, but I gave thoughts in my 
younger years as to what I would do if 
I found myself pregnant and alone. It 
would have been a desperate situation. 
I can imagine abortion seeming like an 
easy solution. It breaks my heart, 
though, to think that anyone would 
consider abortion as their only option 
or the best option. 
Growing up, I was not much of a baby 
person. I was 35 and single when I was 
elected to Congress, and I didn’t even 
know if being a mom was part of my 
future. Today, I can testify that bring-
ing a new life into the world is the 
most amazing thing ever. It is the best 
part of life. 
We have two daughters and a son, 
Cole, Grace, and Brynn. Cole, now 14, 
was born with the most common chro-
mosomal abnormality. It is called 
Down syndrome. When he was born, the 
doctors gave us a long list of chal-
lenges and chances for heartache. 
I understand the uncertainty. I un-
derstand the fear. But I couldn’t imag-
ine my life without Cole. His life is 
worth living. 
Yet, in this debate, Down syndrome 
has been at the forefront. Just yester-
day, a woman named Heidi with Down 
syndrome lost her court challenge 
against the British Government over 
its law allowing abortion up until birth 
for babies with Down syndrome. 
This cannot become America’s fu-
ture, where we cherish life, liberty, and 
the pursuit of happiness for all. 
Like in the U.K., the bill before us is 
discriminatory. It allows for abortions 
based on a baby’s sex, race, or dis-
ability. 
It would override counseling require-
ments that protect women from coer-
cion from people who have abused 
them. It would prohibit laws designed 
to protect against sex trafficking and 
the exploitation of young girls and 
women. It would weaken protections 
for medical professionals who have re-
ligious objections to abortion. 
Despite what the majority says, this 
bill does not codify Roe v. Wade. This 
is radical. 
b 0945 
Under this bill, viability is whatever 
the abortionist deems it to be. 
I urge all of my colleagues today to 
stop the abortion on demand until 
birth act. 
Open your minds to science, tech-
nology. Look and see the mysteries of 
the mother’s womb. Open your ears to 
the cries of the unborn. 
May hearts break and may we cele-
brate life. Let’s uphold the value, the 
dignity, and the potential of every life. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from 
New York (Mr. NADLER), the chairman 
of the Judiciary Committee. 
Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, I in-
clude in the RECORD a letter from The 
Leadership Conference on Civil and 
Human Rights and 60 other civil rights 
organizations in support of the Wom-
en’s Health Protection Act. 
THE LEADERSHIP CONFERENCE 
ON CIVIL AND HUMAN RIGHTS, 
Washington, DC, September 23, 2021. 
SUPPORT THE WOMEN’S HEALTH PROTECTION 
ACT OF 2021 
DEAR
REPRESENTATIVE: The Leadership 
Conference on Civil and Human Rights, and 
the 60 undersigned organizations dedicated 
to protecting and advancing the civil rights, 
health, and economic security of all persons 
in the United States write in support of the 
Women’s Health Protection Act of 2021 (H.R. 
3755). We urge all members to vote yes on the 
bill when it reaches the floor. 
By protecting abortion access from medi-
cally unnecessary restrictions that obstruct 
the right of all persons to obtain safe, legal 
abortion services, the Women’s Health Pro-
tection Act (WHPA) seeks to remedy and 
prevent the onslaught of state-level abortion 
bans and restrictions that cause significant 
and sometimes insurmountable challenges to 
receiving abortion care. These challenges 
disproportionately impact the ability of low- 
income women and women of color to access 
health care, robs individuals of bodily auton-
omy, and threatens the economic security of 
families and individuals, many of whom are 
already struggling to get by. 
This issue is one of grave urgency. Just 
this month, five Supreme Court justices de-
nied an emergency request to block Texas 
S.B. 8, a radical six-week abortion ban. Im-
mediate Congressional action is imperative 
for the future of abortion rights in the 
United States. We are deeply concerned 
about the threat of copycat bills appearing 
in states across the country. 
Indeed, abortion rights and access have 
been steadily under attack. Despite large 
public support for access to abortion, state 
lawmakers enacted more than 90 restrictions 
on abortion this year, including 11 bans—two 
of which are near-total abortion bans. States 
have also continued to enact or introduce 
legislation that restricts access to medica-
tion abortion, imposes medically unneces-
sary restrictions on abortion clinics, or sin-
gles out abortion providers for burdensome 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
00:20 Sep 25, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00008
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K24SE7.009
H24SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 7-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5145 
September 24, 2021 
restrictions not applied to other healthcare 
providers. Today, nearly 90 percent of Amer-
ican counties have no abortion provider, 
forcing people to incur onerous costs to trav-
el long distances for care, or pushing care en-
tirely out of reach. 
These laws are not only a threat to the 
constitutional right to abortion recognized 
in Roe v. Wade, but they are a threat to the 
economic security, health, and dignity of 
low-income people, women of color, immi-
grants, LGBTQ people, and others who—be-
cause of a history of structural inequality 
and discrimination—already have difficulty 
accessing reproductive healthcare services. 
Restrictions that force patients to undergo 
unnecessary tests or procedures, force pro-
viders to communicate confusing and medi-
cally inaccurate information, or force indi-
viduals to make multiple clinic visits drive 
up individual costs, which can delay abortion 
access and aggravate economic and health 
disparities felt by women of color, low-in-
come people, immigrants, LGBTQ people, 
and 
other 
marginalized 
or 
multi- 
marginalized groups. 
Restrictive abortion laws that contribute 
to clinic closures and abortion deserts also 
increase the cost of obtaining abortion, and 
Black women are impacted by clinic closures 
to a greater degree than other groups. Sys-
temic inequality brought on by past and 
present policies that target and oppress 
Black people—including the legacy of slav-
ery, mass incarceration, segregation, voter 
suppression, and exploitative financial prac-
tices, such as redlining—have led to con-
centrated 
and 
intergenerational 
poverty 
within the Black community. As a result, 
Black women have diminished access to net-
works and resources to overcome financial 
obstacles to accessing care. In the context of 
clinic closures or abortion deserts, this can 
mean a de facto ban on abortion. Black 
women are half as likely to be able to travel 
25 to 50 miles for abortion care than White 
women, who tend to have more financial re-
sources, information, and social networks 
that allow them to travel. 
Restricting access to abortion also threat-
ens to undermine the ability of poorer people 
and people of color to achieve economic se-
curity. People of color and women are dis-
proportionately 
represented 
in 
low-wage 
jobs, and women of color continue to endure 
discriminatory wage gaps. Black women, for 
example, are typically paid just 63 cents for 
every dollar paid to a White man. American 
Indian and Native Alaskan women are paid 
only 60 cents, Latina women are paid only 55 
cents, and some Asian American and Pacific 
Islander women are paid as low as 50 cents 
for every dollar paid to a White man. Re-
strictions on accessing abortion, in addition 
to public funding bans, mean that low-in-
come people and many women of color have 
to choose between paying their rent, pur-
chasing food, or paying for other basic neces-
sities, and receiving abortion care. 
Studies also show that women who are de-
nied abortion care face more economic hard-
ship and risks to their health and safety 
than women who sought and received abor-
tions. Women denied abortion care are more 
likely to experience poor health outcomes, 
including maternal death, as compared to 
women who received abortions, a trend that 
is particularly concerning for Black women 
who are up to four times more likely to expe-
rience pregnancy-related death than White 
women. Women who are denied an abortion 
and forced to bear a child are also four times 
more likely to fall into poverty. Conversely, 
abortion access has been shown to increase 
women’s participation in the workforce, par-
ticularly for Black women, and has led to 
gains in educational attainment. 
Every person deserves to have the ability 
to make the healthcare decisions that are 
right for them, and every person must be 
able to make their own decisions about hav-
ing children, free from government inter-
ference and discrimination. Laws that re-
strict access to abortion cause the most 
harm to those who, because of structural 
racism and existing inequities, already have 
limited access to resources, are already 
struggling to achieve economic security, and 
who already face sometimes life-threatening 
health disparities. At the most basic level, 
restrictive abortion laws are aimed at con-
trolling who can exercise their constitu-
tional rights and who can claim agency over 
their bodies. As such, these laws are an af-
front to human dignity that perpetuate sys-
tems of oppression that prevent the full en-
joyment of civil and human rights. The 
Women’s Health Protection Act is an impor-
tant step in ending these harmful laws and 
promoting the health, economic security, 
and well-being of those whom we have forced 
through law and policy to live at the mar-
gins. 
Thank you for your consideration of our 
views. 
Sincerely, 
The Leadership Conference on Civil and 
Human 
Rights; 
ADL 
(Anti-Defamation 
League); American Association of University 
Women (AAUW); American Atheists; Amer-
ican Federation of Teachers; American Hu-
manist Association; Americans for Demo-
cratic Action (ADA); Americans United for 
Separation of Church and State; Asian 
American Legal Defense and Education Fund 
(AALDEF); Autistic Self Advocacy Network; 
Black Women’s Health Imperative; Center 
for Law and Social Policy (CLASP); Chris-
tian Methodist Episcopal Church; Clearing-
house on Women’s Issues; Demand Justice; 
Equal Rights Advocates; Equality California; 
Feminist Majority Foundation; Fix Our Sen-
ate; Freedom From Religion Foundation. 
Girls Inc.; Global Project Against Hate and 
Extremism; Hispanic Federation; Human 
Rights Campaign; Impact Fund; Indivisible; 
Jacobs Institute of Women’s Health; Jewish 
Council for Public Affairs; Justice for Mi-
grant Women; Lake Research Partners; 
Lambda 
Legal; 
LatinoJustice 
PRLDEF; 
Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights Under 
Law; Matthew Shepard Foundation; NAACP 
Legal Defense and Educational Fund, Inc. 
(LDF); NARAL Pro-Choice America; Na-
tional Action Network; National Association 
of Social Workers; NASW Virginia/Metro DC 
Chapters; National Center for Transgender 
Equality. 
National Council of Jewish Women; Na-
tional 
Health 
Law 
Program; 
National 
LGBTQ Task Force Action Fund; National 
Organization for Women; National Partner-
ship for Women & Families; National Urban 
League; National Women’s Law Center; Peo-
ple For the American Way; Planned Parent-
hood Federation of America; Population 
Connection Action Fund; Public Citizen; 
Restaurant Opportunities Centers United; 
Rise Up America; SEIU; The Workers Circle; 
Union for Reform Judaism; Voices for 
Progress; Voto Latino; Women Lawyers On 
Guard Action Network, Inc., YWCA Berke-
ley/Oakland; YWCA USA. 
Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, in 
1970 I watched the New York State As-
sembly pass one of the first State laws 
legalizing abortion. If you had told me 
then that 51 years later, I would be 
standing on the House floor still fight-
ing for women to have the right to 
make their own decisions about their 
own lives, their own health, and their 
own families, I would have called you 
crazy. 
We must pass this bill today to end 
this decades-long war on abortion and 
women’s underlying freedom to control 
their own lives. I urge all my col-
leagues to stand up for freedom, stand 
up for abortion, stand up for bodily in-
tegrity and vote ‘‘yes’’ on this bill. 
Mrs. 
RODGERS 
of 
Washington. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to 
the 
gentleman 
from 
Indiana 
(Mr. 
BUCSHON), a member of the Energy and 
Commerce Committee. 
Mr. BUCSHON. Madam Speaker, the 
archbishop 
of 
San 
Francisco 
said, 
‘‘This proposed legislation is nothing 
short of child sacrifice.’’ 
The inappropriately named Women’s 
Health Protection Act of 2021 would 
codify the ability to obtain abortions 
for any reason at any point in preg-
nancy. This bill would also preempt 
and repeal State laws that require in-
formed consent, ultrasounds, or other 
testing and counseling before under-
taking an elective abortion. 
As a practicing heart surgeon for 15 
years prior to coming to Congress, I op-
erated on children as young as 23 weeks 
gestation, late second trimester. In 
fact, the smallest baby I operated on 
weighed only 650 grams, which is about 
1.4 pounds. 
I spent my career in medicine caring 
for patients regardless of their situa-
tion, so I take access to healthcare 
very seriously. I can assure you that 
my tiny patients were people. 
I find it troubling that those on the 
other side, most of whom have never 
spent a day taking care of patients, 
continue to mislead the American peo-
ple about what constitutes healthcare. 
The archbishop also said, ‘‘A child is 
not an object to be thrown away.’’ Vote 
against this bill. 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman 
from Massachusetts (Ms. CLARK), the 
Assistant Speaker. 
Ms. 
CLARK 
of 
Massachusetts. 
Madam Speaker, it is the Constitution 
that says women have the right to 
make their own decisions regarding 
their bodies. It is the Constitution that 
gives people the right to make a deci-
sion about abortion with their families, 
their doctor, and in accordance with 
their faith. 
But for over 50 years this right has 
been under attack. And today we say 
there is no room in that decision for 
politicians, there is no room for bounty 
hunters. This decision resides with peo-
ple, with women. 
Today, we will pass the Women’s 
Health Protection Act, and we will say 
clearly: This right is now enshrined in 
law, and we are not going back. 
Mrs. 
RODGERS 
of 
Washington. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to 
the gentlewoman from North Carolina 
(Ms. FOXX), a classmate and a cham-
pion for life. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I rise in 
strong opposition to H.R. 3755, the so- 
called Women’s Health Protection Act. 
This should be called the destruction of 
unborn babies at any stage of develop-
ment act. 
The principles of life, liberty, and the 
pursuit of happiness are America’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:51 Sep 25, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00009
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A24SE7.003
H24SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 8-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5146 
September 24, 2021 
foundation. Without question, life is 
the fundamental component to both 
liberty and the pursuit of happiness. 
The American people understand the 
importance of protecting life. An AP 
Poll shows that 54 percent of Ameri-
cans believe abortions should be illegal 
in the third trimester. Another 26 per-
cent believe it should be illegal in most 
cases in the third trimester. What is 
more, 65 percent of Americans believe 
abortion without restriction should be 
illegal during the second trimester as 
well. 
But this latest Democrat scheme 
would go against the wishes of the 
American people and make abortion on 
demand for any reason legal until the 
time of birth. 
It is clear to see that the so-called 
Women’s Health Protection Act is not 
about protecting the lives of unborn fe-
male babies. It is about handing the 
anti-unborn baby industry a victory it 
has sought for many years. 
I oppose H.R. 3755, and I urge my col-
leagues to do the same. We are a coun-
try that up until now has valued life, 
and the majority of Americans still 
value life, especially the lives of un-
born children. 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman 
from California (Ms. CHU), the prime 
sponsor of this legislation. 
Ms. CHU. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today in strong support of my bill, the 
Women’s Health Protection Act. 
For decades, Roe v. Wade has guaran-
teed everyone the freedom to access 
safe abortion care regardless of back-
ground. And for decades anti-abortion 
extremists have been devising new 
ways to put that right out of reach. 
That has left many, mainly low-income 
people of color, to fear that every new 
anti-choice law could be the one that 
finally puts abortion access out of 
reach for them or their daughters. 
Well, it is time to put a stop to these 
attacks once and for all. With today’s 
historic vote, we are ensuring that ac-
cess to abortion care is a right, from 
Texas to California. 
This bill respects our right and the 
freedom to make our own choices 
about our bodies, and it leaves those 
decisions up to us and our doctors. It is 
time to take control of our bodies out 
of the hands of extreme rightwing poli-
ticians. It is time to pass the Women’s 
Health Protection Act. 
Mrs. 
RODGERS 
of 
Washington. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 11⁄2 minutes to 
the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. 
WALBERG), a colleague from the Energy 
and Commerce Committee. 
Mr. WALBERG. Madam Speaker, I 
rise in strong opposition to the bill, 
and with great compassion for the 
women being lied to by the deceptively 
named Women’s Health Protection Act. 
Madam Speaker, let’s be clear, this 
bill is not about healthcare. It is an ex-
treme bill that would impose abortion 
on demand nationwide up until birth 
and 
override 
commonsense 
pro-life 
laws at the State level, laws like those 
intended to prevent abortion discrimi-
nation based upon a child’s sex or 
based on whether the child has Down 
syndrome, laws that provide parental 
notification for minor girls, informed 
consent for patients, and health and 
safety protections specific to abortion 
facilities. All would be banned under 
this bill. 
The bill before us would ban virtually 
all conscience protections for medical 
personnel and enable the use of tax-
payer money to fund abortion proce-
dures, violating sincerely held beliefs 
of millions of Americans on the sanc-
tity of human life. 
The abortion on demand act ignores 
the humanity of the baby and the 
health of the mother. It ignores the re-
ality that life is sacred. It is a pre-
cious, God-given gift that must be 
cherished and protected. 
While it is comforting to know that 
God is loving, He is also just. We de-
stroy innocent life at our own peril. 
What God condemns, we must not con-
done. May God heal our land. 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman 
from Colorado (Ms. DEGETTE), the 
chairwoman of our Oversight and In-
vestigations Subcommittee. 
Ms. 
DEGETTE. 
Madam 
Speaker, 
what we are seeing in Texas, Mis-
sissippi, and elsewhere is an unprece-
dented attack on Americans’ right to 
abortion care. It is a systemic effort by 
politicians who want to roll back the 
clock on women’s healthcare freedom 
in this country. 
To those who continue to rehash the 
same outdated arguments that would 
put their own personal beliefs on mil-
lions of women, and they say it is 
somehow good for America, I say, save 
your breath. It is not. 
And for these overheated claims that 
are being made today on this floor and 
the rhetoric, I say that is simply not 
the case. 
Madam Speaker, let me suggest a dif-
ferent paradigm that protects the full 
range of women’s healthcare freedom 
in this country. I will decide what hap-
pens to my body, and you decide what 
happens to yours. I will decide what is 
best for my health and my life, and you 
decide what is best for yours. 
What is at stake in this fight is not 
some frivolous benefit. It is the funda-
mental right of women across the 
country to decide. Vote ‘‘yes’’ on this 
important bill. 
Mrs. 
RODGERS 
of 
Washington. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to 
the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. 
HARSHBARGER), a champion for life. 
Mrs. 
HARSHBARGER. 
Madam 
Speaker, I rise today to oppose the un-
conscionable abortion on demand until 
birth act. 
As a mother and a grandmother of 
two precious grandsons, I am sickened 
by the attempt to allow abortions on 
demand until birth. 
As a pharmacist, I have seen count-
less women who struggle with infer-
tility issues. All they ever wanted was 
to be able to give birth and to have and 
to hold those precious children of their 
own. 
Contrast this with what is happening 
today. 
My colleagues across the aisle, many 
of them are women. They are trying to 
make it easier to abort for reasons like 
bad timing or inconvenience. Under 
this law, every State will be a late- 
term abortion State, where abortions 
can be performed until birth for any 
reason with no accountability or pro-
tections for women. 
This is heartbreaking to me, and it is 
heartbreaking to all of the women I 
have helped overcome fertility issues 
over the years. 
I have talked to many women who 
have had abortions. Most of them 
think about that baby they aborted 
every day. What would their baby look 
like? What would their baby have 
grown up to be? Whom would they have 
married? How many children would 
they have had? How could that unborn 
baby have affected our country or our 
world? 
There is such a sorrow that follows 
these women post-abortion. I want 
those women who have had abortions 
to know this: Nothing is wasted, and 
there is forgiveness from a loving God. 
They can make a difference today, 
even now, by praying. I will continue 
to advocate on behalf of the right to 
life. I believe it is a moral and a God- 
given responsibility that we protect 
these treasured trusts from Heaven. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
voting ‘‘no’’ on this unmerciful and un-
thinkable bill. The sanctity of human 
life depends on it. 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman 
from Illinois (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY), who 
chairs our Consumer Protection and 
Commerce Subcommittee. 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Madam Speaker, 
I rise in strong support of the Women’s 
Health Protection Act that will end 
the horrifying State-level attacks on 
abortion access. The Texas law would 
encourage vigilantism and criminalizes 
anyone who would even help someone 
to get an abortion. But Texas is not 
alone. 
Abortion is healthcare. This is a pro- 
choice country, a pro-choice nation. 
Women can make the decision to have 
a child or not have a child. It is about 
bodily autonomy. 
I want to be very clear; Roe v. Wade 
was not the beginning of women having 
abortions. It was the end of women 
dying from abortions. 
Madam Speaker, I urge my col-
leagues to vote in favor of this legisla-
tion and to say ‘‘no’’ to harming 
women. 
Mrs. 
RODGERS 
of 
Washington. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to 
the 
gentleman 
from 
Indiana 
(Mr. 
PENCE), a champion for life. 
Mr. PENCE. Madam Speaker, one 
word. Heartbreaking. This legislation 
my Democrat colleagues are trying to 
enact is just plain old heartbreaking. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:51 Sep 25, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00010
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K24SE7.012
H24SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 9-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5147 
September 24, 2021 
History will not look kindly on this 
abortion on demand legislation. 
Let me be clear. This is not about 
healthcare. This goes far beyond the 
guise of healthcare. This, in fact, is in-
fanticide. A society is judged by how 
they treat the most vulnerable among 
us by God, and God will judge us. 
b 1000 
That is why we must always stand 
for life, both the born and, of course, 
today we are talking about the unborn. 
As a father of four, a grandfather of 
eight with one on the way, protecting 
life will always be my priority, and I 
urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on H.R. 3755. 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from 
Maryland (Mr. HOYER), our Democratic 
majority leader. 
Mr. 
HOYER. 
Madam 
Speaker, 
I 
thank the chairman for yielding. 
This is a serious issue. Some would 
say it is an issue about freedom, about 
individual integrity, as to who makes 
choices. I hear a lot about freedom, 
about government not interfering. 
Madam Speaker, millions of women 
across our country and the men who 
stand with them are in shock and out-
rage at the new law in Texas and the 
Supreme Court’s refusal to block it 
from taking effect. Texas senate bill 8 
bans any abortion after 6 weeks. That 
is, of course, before most women know 
that they are pregnant. 
It includes no exceptions for rape or 
incest. What do you think the psycho-
logical impact on the health of a 
woman is if you don’t think this is 
about the health of women? 
As many as 90 percent of women 
seeking reproductive care in Texas do 
so after 6 weeks, meaning that this law 
effectively bans women in the State 
from accessing the full range of repro-
ductive care that they are guaranteed 
under Roe v. Wade. Now, my presump-
tion is, of course, most speaking 
against this are not for and didn’t sup-
port and would like to see Roe v. Wade 
repealed. 
Also deeply disturbing is the way 
senate bill 8 is enforced. The law gives 
any private individual the authority to 
police any of their fellow citizens 
whom they suspect may be providing 
for or receiving reproductive care. How 
draconian, how communistic, how au-
thoritarian such a scheme is. 
This vigilante system is at odds with 
the values of American democracy, 
reminiscent of the kind of tactics pre-
viously used behind the Iron Curtain 
and still employed by totalitarian re-
gimes. 
The bill before us today would en-
shrine in statute the rights women are 
guaranteed under Roe v. Wade that the 
majority of Americans support at a 
time when they are increasingly under 
attack. 
Statistics released in June by the 
Guttmacher Institute showed that over 
500 bills restricting women’s healthcare 
access had already been introduced 
since the start of this year in State 
legislatures; and as of last month, 
nearly 100 of those had been enacted. 
The policies enacted by senate bill 8 
and similar measures in other States 
under Republican control not only 
have the effect of eliminating access to 
reproductive choice, but also to a range 
of lifesaving healthcare services for 
women, particularly for low-income 
women. 
This will probably not affect many 
wealthy women who can get in their 
car or get on the airplane and go wher-
ever they might go. So opposition to 
this bill is directly discriminatory to 
women 
of 
less 
means 
to 
their 
healthcare. These range from cancer 
screenings to prenatal visits; from 
treating injuries to referring patients 
to counseling after trauma like sexual 
assault. 
According to the Center for Repro-
ductive Rights, nearly 90 percent of 
American counties do not have a single 
reproductive care provider. 
For many women, the health clinics 
that provide these services are their 
primary source of healthcare. Measures 
like senate bill 8 are forcing many of 
these clinics to shut down. 
Our country ought to be working to 
expand these resources for women, not 
make the healthcare harder to access. 
We know that S.B. 8 and similar laws 
being enacted across the country will 
not stop women from seeking the full 
range of reproductive care. You know 
that. Back to the hanger, perhaps, and 
the death of scores, thousands, per-
haps, of women who see no alternative. 
The Women’s Health Protection Act 
is a necessary response to Republicans’ 
efforts to make it harder for women to 
access healthcare across the country. I 
thank JUDY CHU for leading this effort. 
I am grateful to Congresswoman CHU 
for 
authoring 
this 
legislation 
and 
championing this cause. 
I am the father of three daughters, 
the grandfather of two granddaughters, 
and the great-grandfather of three 
great-granddaughters. I, frankly, do 
not want any of us making decisions 
for their healthcare. 
Democrats are committed to taking 
action to secure Roe v. Wade and to 
protect women’s access to reproductive 
healthcare no matter where they live. 
The Women’s Health Protection Act 
is a critical step in securing that abil-
ity for millions of American women, 
and I urge my colleagues to support it. 
Mrs. 
RODGERS 
of 
Washington. 
Madam Speaker, such a sad day. It is 
beautiful outside, the Sun is shining. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman 
from Minnesota (Mrs. FISCHBACH), a 
champion for life. 
Mrs. FISCHBACH. Madam Speaker, I 
thank my colleague from Washington 
for yielding me the time. 
We hear a lot of talk coming from 
the other side about this Texas law, 
but I want to talk about the legislation 
that we have in front of us today and 
what effects that will have. 
Madam Speaker, it should be called 
the abortion on demand bill because it 
does 
nothing 
to 
protect 
women’s 
health; rather, it supersedes States’ 
rights and makes any protection for 
women and unborn children illegal. 
This bill will override countless pro-
tective State laws like parental notice, 
clinic regulations, and informed con-
sent before an abortion. 
The abortion on demand act would 
not only strip States of their rights to 
protect women and babies, but it would 
also strip away a parent’s right to be 
involved and informed on their child’s 
health and well-being. 
What 
about 
protecting 
minors? 
Would States be allowed to ensure pa-
rental involvement or even notifica-
tion? The answer is, of course, no under 
this legislation. In fact, it is just the 
contrary. The bill strips all of these 
protections provided by State laws. 
One of my highest priorities as a 
Member of Congress is protecting the 
right to life for all innocent life from 
conception until natural death. This 
bill is a shameful attempt to override 
States’ rights and codify widespread 
abortion on demand in this country. 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman 
from New York (Miss RICE). 
Miss RICE of New York. Madam 
Speaker, the extreme abortion ban in 
Texas makes it clear: We need a Fed-
eral law that protects the right to 
abortion. 
The Texas ban is not the first to at-
tempt to eliminate abortion access 
across this country, and it will not be 
the last. 
Every year the attacks on reproduc-
tive health get worse, and we know 
these attacks are not about the sanc-
tity of life. If they were, Republicans 
would be wearing masks, they would be 
promoting the vaccine, and they would 
be championing our childcare policies 
that have lifted millions of children 
out of poverty. We know what the true 
agenda is: It is about controlling 
women and taking away their God- 
given right to make decisions about 
their own body. 
As the Supreme Court prepares to 
consider a case that will directly chal-
lenge Roe v. Wade, Congress needs to 
take action. 
Now is the time to pass the Women’s 
Health Protection Act and protect 
abortion access for every single person 
across this country. 
Mrs. 
RODGERS 
of 
Washington. 
Madam Speaker, continuing to cele-
brate life, I yield to the gentleman 
from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH), the big-
gest champion of all. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. For the 
first time ever by Congressional stat-
ute, this legislation would legally en-
able the violent death of unborn baby 
girls and boys by dismemberment, de-
capitation, forced expulsion from the 
womb, and deadly poisons for any rea-
son until birth. 
This bill will nullify every modest 
pro-life restriction ever enacted by the 
States, including women’s right-to- 
know laws in 35 States, parental in-
volvement statutes in 37 States, pain 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:51 Sep 25, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00011
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K24SE7.013
H24SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 10-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5148 
September 24, 2021 
capable unborn child protection laws in 
19 States, waiting period laws in 26 
States, and more. 
This bill constitutes an existential 
threat to unborn babies. 
Madam Speaker, this bill is far outside the 
American mainstream and goes far beyond 
Roe v. Wade. 
This bill constitutes an existential threat to 
unborn children and to the value of life itself. 
For the first time ever by congressional stat-
ute, H.R. 3755 would legally enable the violent 
death of unborn baby girls and boys by dis-
memberment, decapitation, forced expulsion 
from the womb, deadly poisons, or other 
methods at any time until birth. 
A significant majority of Americans are 
deeply concerned about protecting the lives of 
unborn children. 
A 2021 Marist Poll found that 65 percent of 
Americans want Roe v. Wade reinterpreted to 
either send the issue to the states or stop le-
galized abortion. 
Of that 65 percent majority of Americans— 
40 percent of Democrats would ‘‘allow certain 
restrictions on abortions as determined by 
each state.’’ 
If enacted, this bill will nullify every modest 
prolife restriction ever enacted by the states 
including: women’s right to know laws in 35 
states; parental involvement statues in 37 
states; pain capable unborn child protection 
laws in 19 states; and waiting period laws in 
26 states, and more. 
Seventy percent of Americans, according to 
the 2021 Marist poll, oppose abortion if the 
child will be born with Down syndrome—with 
over half of those who identify as pro-choice 
(56 percent), opposed, or strongly opposed to 
abortion due to the expectation a child will be 
born with Down syndrome. Americans seek to 
‘‘embrace’’ and not ‘‘erase’’ those babies iden-
tified as having an extra chromosome. 
H.R. 3755 overturns state laws that protect 
children with Down syndrome as well. 
The U.S. Supreme Court majority in Roe v. 
Wade wrote: ‘‘We need not resolve the difficult 
question 
of 
when 
human 
life 
begins.’’ 
Sidestepping that threshold question and giv-
ing no benefit of the doubt to the child, they 
went on to legalize and enable abortion on de-
mand. 
For decades, abortion advocates have gone 
to extraordinary lengths to ignore, trivialize, 
and cover-up the battered baby-victim. 
But today, thanks to ultrasound, unborn ba-
bies are more visible than ever before. 
Modern medicine today treats unborn chil-
dren with disability or disease as a patient in 
need of diagnosis and treatment. 
Birth is an event—albeit an important one— 
but not the beginning of life. 
Regarding international law, the bill falsely 
states that ‘‘Core human rights treaties ratified 
by the United States protect access to abor-
tion.’’ 
In fact, the International Covenant on Civil 
and Political Rights, which the U.S. has rati-
fied, is concerned about unborn children being 
killed. It states in Article 6 that ‘‘Every human 
being has the inherent right to life’’ and that 
‘‘No one shall be arbitrarily deprived of his 
life.’’ 
It goes on to declare that the ‘‘sentence of 
death . . . shall not be carried out on preg-
nant women.’’ The ICCPR creates an exemp-
tion from execution for pregnant women, rec-
ognizing that their unborn children have an 
independent claim to legal protection, as do all 
unborn children. 
The legislation under consideration by the 
House today is deceptively titled the Women’s 
Health Protection Act of 2021. Abortion is not 
health care unless one construes the precious 
life of an unborn child to be analogous to a 
tumor to be excised or a disease to be van-
quished. 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman 
from Washington (Ms. SCHRIER). 
Ms. 
SCHRIER. 
Madam 
Speaker, 
Texas’ law to pay vigilantes to sue 
anyone who enables an abortion after 6 
weeks is just the latest gross overreach 
to make it virtually impossible for 
women to get abortion care. 
These laws take away a woman’s 
right to determine if and when to have 
a child. And I can tell you as a doctor 
that these laws also undermine a doc-
tor’s oath to help her patients and the 
trust between doctor and patient, not 
to mention the women’s own health. 
It is long past time to stop States 
from putting up absurd roadblocks 
with no medical justification, like hall-
way size, arbitrary waiting periods, un-
necessary vaginal ultrasounds, govern-
ment scripted propaganda, and hospital 
admitting privileges for procedures 
that don’t require a hospital. 
This bill blocks States from putting 
up these barriers to care. 
As the only pro-choice woman doctor 
in Congress, I urge my colleagues to 
join me in protecting a woman’s right 
to a legal, safe abortion no matter 
where she lives by supporting the 
Women’s Health Protection Act. 
Mrs. 
RODGERS 
of 
Washington. 
Madam Speaker, as we continue to cel-
ebrate life, I yield 11⁄2 minutes to the 
gentlewoman 
from 
Michigan 
(Mrs. 
MCCLAIN). 
Mrs. MCCLAIN. Madam Speaker, I 
thank the gentlewoman for yielding 
and for her diligent effort to save the 
lives of unborn children. And that is 
really what this bill is about, saving 
the lives of unborn children. 
For all of us that have children, 
grandchildren, 
great-grandchildren, 
this is about them and their rights. I 
hear us talking about our rights, but 
what about their rights? Don’t they 
have a right? Because they have no 
choice. So thank you for being their 
voice. 
But I rise today to speak the truth. I 
want to talk about the truth, which 
doesn’t happen much. This act is titled 
the Women’s Health Protection Act, 
more properly titled the abortion on 
demand act. 
Stop hiding behind Texas. Stop hid-
ing behind women’s rights. 
The majority has chosen once again 
to lie to the American people about 
what this legislation is about. This bill 
has nothing to do with women’s health. 
This bill is about infanticide. To my 
Democratic colleagues, if you are in 
support of infanticide, just say it. You 
don’t need to sugar coat it. Just say it. 
To my democratic colleagues, if you 
are in support of killing a child for any 
reason, you wanted a boy but it is a 
girl, oh, we will just get rid of it and 
try again, just have the courage and 
the guts to say it. 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman 
from Massachusetts (Mrs. TRAHAN). 
Mrs. TRAHAN. Madam Speaker, my 
generation and every generation of 
women after us has grown up with the 
freedom and the security under Roe v. 
Wade. 
Today those protections are under 
attack from lawmakers and activists, 
many of whom have never had to make 
the tough personal decisions about 
family planning or about the health of 
a pregnancy. 
Those attacks have been successful, 
and it is chilling as a mom of two 
young daughters. 
Roe is on the verge of elimination, 
and millions of women are rightly ter-
rified of what that means for their bod-
ily autonomy and the future of repro-
ductive care even beyond abortion. 
Today, we are going to pass the 
Women’s Health Protection Act be-
cause we know that no one can be more 
trusted to make the best health deci-
sions for themselves than women. 
The government should not have a 
role in that choice, and I reject the hy-
pocrisy on the other side of the aisle 
that suggests otherwise. 
Please, join us in passing this critical 
legislation and protecting reproductive 
rights, 
protecting 
the 
freedom 
of 
women to decide. If not for the people 
you represent, then for the women in 
your lives. 
b 1015 
Mrs. 
RODGERS 
of 
Washington. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to 
the 
gentleman 
from 
Arizona 
(Mr. 
SCHWEIKERT), a champion for life. 
Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Madam Speaker, 
this is one of those moments I am actu-
ally behind the microphone to say 
thank you. I was born in an unwed 
mother’s home—so was my brother; so 
was my sister—and you have all met 
my little girl, as she is here, that came 
to us as a gift out of nowhere. 
But when I was 38 years old, through 
a series of accidents, I got the phone 
number from my birth mother, and I 
called her. The first words were just 
through the tears and this high-pitched 
almost—she was struggling; you could 
hear her almost hyperventilating. ‘‘I 
pray for you every morning. Are you 
okay? Are you healthy? Are you 
happy?’’ I am crying on my side, say-
ing: ‘‘I have a great life. Thank you for 
letting me live.’’ 
Today in the Schweikert family and 
the Hoyle family, and all of our fami-
lies together—my little girl is third- 
generation adopted now. Maybe we are 
doing something wrong in the family. 
We would get together with our birth 
moms and our moms. The amazing 
thing is my mom became best of 
friends with my birth mom. 
This is the American family of today. 
Let’s love it and respect it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:51 Sep 25, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00012
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K24SE7.015
H24SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 11-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5149 
September 24, 2021 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, may 
I inquire how much time remains. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from New Jersey has 17 min-
utes remaining. 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman 
from Texas (Mrs. FLETCHER). 
Mrs. FLETCHER. Madam Speaker, I 
rise in support of the Women’s Health 
Protection Act. As an original cospon-
sor of the bill, I thank Representative 
CHU for her leadership on this impor-
tant bill. 
As a woman from Texas, I thank this 
body for responding with urgency to 
my beloved home State’s cruel law, de-
priving Texans of their constitutional 
rights, by bringing this bill to the floor 
today. 
In this moment, it is a Texas law, a 
law quickly being copied across the 
country, that has brought us here. But 
let us remember that it was also Texas 
that brought us the framework for this 
bill that we will pass today to protect 
the health, privacy, dignity, and free-
dom of women and families across this 
country in the case of Roe v. Wade. It 
was a 26-year-old Texas woman named 
Sarah Weddington who took that case 
all the way to the Supreme Court. 
Texas women have fought and will 
continue to fight for the rights that we 
protect here today. I am proud to be 
one of them and to vote in favor of this 
bill. 
Madam Speaker, I include in the 
RECORD
a letter from NARAL Pro- 
Choice America. 
STATEMENT OF NARAL PRO-CHOICE AMERICA 
THE WOMEN’S HEALTH PROTECTION ACT (H.R. 
3755)—SEPTEMBER 24, 2021 
Thank you for the opportunity to submit a 
statement to the U.S. House of Representa-
tives on this critical legislation. NARAL 
Pro-Choice America (NARAL) is a national 
advocacy organization, dedicated to pro-
tecting and advancing reproductive freedom, 
including access to abortion, contraception, 
paid leave, and protection from pregnancy 
discrimination, as a fundamental right and 
value. Through education, organizing, and 
influencing public policy, NARAL and our 2.5 
million members from every state and con-
gressional district in the country work to 
guarantee every individual the freedom to 
make personal decisions about their lives, 
bodies, and futures, free from political inter-
ference. For this reason, we are submitting 
this statement to thank leadership for hold-
ing this vote and to call on Congress to pass 
the Women’s Health Protection Act in order 
to safeguard the federal right to abortion 
against bans and medically unnecessary re-
strictions. 
The legal right to abortion faces its great-
est threat in decades. Despite overwhelming 
public support, 8 in 10 Americans, for the 
legal right to abortion, we’re in the midst of 
an all-out assault on reproductive freedom 
with Roe v. Wade hanging in the balance. 
The need to enshrine the legal right to abor-
tion in federal statute is more urgent than 
ever. The fact that the U.S. Supreme Court 
will soon hear Dobbs v. Jackson Women’s 
Health Organization, a direct challenge to 
Roe v. Wade, and that it declined to block 
Texas’s extreme abortion ban, allowing Roe 
to be rendered meaningless in the state, rep-
resent ominous signs for the future of abor-
tion rights in this country. 
Earlier this month, the Supreme Court 
failed to intervene and subsequently rejected 
an emergency request to block Texas Senate 
Bill 8 (SB 8), a blatantly unconstitutional 
ban on abortion. This law bans abortion at 
approximately six weeks before many people 
even know they are pregnant. It also grants 
private citizens the power to sue abortion 
providers and anyone else who helps someone 
access abortion care; this includes clergy 
members or counselors, abortion funds that 
assist someone in paying for abortion care, 
and even someone who drives a patient to 
their appointment, like family members, 
friends, and rideshare drivers. An individual 
who successfully sues someone for assisting 
a pregnant person seeking abortion care 
would receive a financial reward of $10,000. 
The Supreme Court’s decision to allow SB 8 
to go into effect essentially gave Texas the 
green light to render Roe v. Wade meaning-
less in the state and empowered anti-choice 
lawmakers to use this law as a blueprint to 
roll back reproductive freedom in their own 
states. 
The pending Supreme Court case is set 
against a backdrop of increasingly cruel and 
draconian restrictions and bans as anti- 
choice politicians escalate their quest to end 
legal abortion. 
Even as Roe stands, though it has long not 
been a reality for many, the further eviscera-
tion of abortion access is ramping up. In ad-
dition to Texas’s ban, state lawmakers seek-
ing to advance their agenda of power and 
control have passed hundreds of state-level 
attacks on abortion access over the last dec-
ade that have made care extremely difficult, 
if not impossible, to access for many people 
across the country. Systematic attacks on 
reproductive freedom and abortion access, 
including bans on abortion coverage, inten-
tionally push access out of reach and have 
rendered meaningless the protections and 
rights afforded by Roe v. Wade for many peo-
ple across the country. 
The unprecedented threat to the right to 
abortion underscores the urgent need for 
Congress to pass the Women’s Health Protec-
tion Act. Every day without congressional 
action to protect abortion rights and expand 
abortion access means that more and more 
people are denied the right to abortion and 
ability to access the care that they need— 
and we know that this disproportionately af-
fects women, Black, Indigenous and People 
of Color (BIPOC), people working to make 
ends meet, immigrants, young people, people 
with disabilities, LGBTQ+ individuals, and 
those living in rural and other medically un-
derserved areas. Attacks on abortion rights 
and access are rooted in racism, white su-
premacy, and other forms of discrimination. 
Ending these barriers and ensuring equal ac-
cess to abortion care is central to the pur-
suit of reproductive freedom and racial and 
economic justice. 
The looming threat to the future of legal 
abortion across the country is the result of a 
decades-long far-right strategy to advance a 
radical and out-of-touch ideological agenda. 
In the late 1970s, radical conservatives 
weaponized the formerly non-political, back- 
burner issue of abortion rights as political 
cover for their efforts to maintain white pa-
triarchal control amidst diminishing support 
for racist policies like school segregation, 
which had previously been the backbone of 
their movement. In the years immediately 
preceding and following Roe v. Wade, Evan-
gelical Christians, who now form the back-
bone of the GOP, were overwhelmingly indif-
ferent on the issue of abortion. But through 
the carefully crafted messages of Paul 
Weyrich, Jerry Falwell, and other architects 
of the Radical Right, abortion became the 
political tool of choice for a movement de-
termined to maintain control in a changing 
world, and the trojan horse for a far-reaching 
array of ideologies meant to thwart social 
progress. 
In the intervening years, opposition to 
abortion has become a litmus test in far- 
right circles for a host of political and judi-
cial positions. In order to advance their 
agenda—one that has always stood in direct 
opposition to the values of the majority of 
Americans—they developed and implemented 
a strategy for capturing and maintaining mi-
nority rule. This strategy included pushing 
regressive boilerplate legislation chipping 
away at access to abortion through state leg-
islatures and Congress, as well as stacking 
the 
federal 
judiciary 
with 
anti-choice 
ideologues. 
Anti-choice activists have spent decades 
building their influence over the federal judi-
ciary through well-funded, secretive net-
works like the Federalist Society. Conserv-
ative activists have never been shy about the 
fact that their takeover of the federal judici-
ary is part of a broad strategy to quell the 
majority and cement minority rule, but the 
election of Donald Trump took this tactic to 
new heights. In May 2016, Trump pledged to 
only nominate anti-choice judges, a promise 
he doubled down on in 2020. And with the 
help of Mitch McConnell, Trump installed 
anti-choice federal judges with lifetime ap-
pointments at a breakneck pace. More than 
a quarter of currently active federal judges 
are now Trump appointees, including Su-
preme Court justices Neil Gorsuch, Brett 
Kavanaugh, and Amy Coney Barrett—tipping 
the balance of the Court to a supermajority 
unmistakably hostile to reproductive free-
dom. We have already seen this majority use 
the so-called ‘‘shadow docket’’ to undermine 
the right to abortion and abortion access. 
There is no denying that the threat to Roe v. 
Wade is real. 
Anti-choice lawmakers, emboldened by the 
anti-choice supermajority on the Court, have 
accelerated their push to pass blatantly un-
constitutional bans and restrictions on abor-
tion—introducing, 
advancing, 
or 
passing 
over 330 bills attacking abortion access this 
year alone, some going as far as criminal-
izing pregnant people and doctors who pro-
vide abortion care. Now, more than ever, the 
anti-choice movement is advancing its ex-
tremist agenda in plain sight. Already this 
year, at least eight states have enacted laws 
that criminalize doctors for providing abor-
tion 
care. 
When 
abortion 
care 
is 
criminalized, lives are on the line. Ending 
legal abortion would roll back the clock for 
our rights, but it would not eliminate abor-
tion. It would only isolate and endanger peo-
ple trying to make the best decisions for 
their lives and their futures. 
The interrogation and punishment of peo-
ple who are pregnant is not far-fetched—it is 
already happening. People across the coun-
try are already being charged or prosecuted 
for pregnancy outcomes including pregnancy 
loss, self-managing abortion care, or even 
the suspicion of it. Criminalizing people for 
having an abortion, experiencing a mis-
carriage or stillbirth, or any other preg-
nancy outcome only exacerbates racial in-
equities and is just one of the many ways 
that Black, Indigenous, and other people of 
color have been criminalized. 
NARAL Pro-Choice America strongly sup-
ports the Women’s Health Protection Act, 
which was re-introduced this year by Rep-
resentatives Judy Chu (D–CA), Lois Frankel 
(D–FL), 
Ayanna 
Pressley 
(D–MA), 
and 
Veronica Escobar (D–TX), and Senators 
Richard Blumenthal (D–CT) and Tammy 
Baldwin (D–WI). Roe v. Wade and access to 
abortion care are on the line like never be-
fore and this moment requires urgent action 
from Congress. All people—no matter who 
they are or where they live—should have the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:51 Sep 25, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00013
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K24SE7.017
H24SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 12-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5150 
September 24, 2021 
freedom to make their own decisions about 
whether to start or grow a family, free from 
political interference. Enacting the Women’s 
Health Protect Act is a critical step toward 
creating a world where every body is free to 
make the best decisions for themselves, their 
families, and their lives. 
Mrs. 
RODGERS 
of 
Washington. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman 
from New York (Mrs. CAROLYN
B. 
MALONEY), chair of the House Com-
mittee on Oversight and Reform. 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Madam Speaker, our constitu-
tional rights are under attack. We 
must pass the Women’s Health Protec-
tion Act to firmly establish a statutory 
right to abortion care in every commu-
nity across our country. 
Our 
rights 
are 
no 
longer 
being 
chipped away. They are being bulldozed 
into the ground. We must act now be-
fore it is too late. 
Madam Speaker, I thank our chair-
man for his extraordinary leadership 
on this issue, and I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. 
Mrs. 
RODGERS 
of 
Washington. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from 
Texas (Mr. DOGGETT). 
Mr. 
DOGGETT. 
Madam 
Speaker, 
‘‘Let Freedom Ring’’ has been replaced 
by Texas Republicans with ‘‘Let vigi-
lantes hunt.’’ 
Neighbors spying on neighbor. Offer-
ing $10,000 bounties on a driver, a phy-
sician, anyone who offered counsel. So 
invasive that an Arkansas convict has 
now sued a San Antonio physician. 
Mandatory motherhood, even in cases 
of rape and incest, with Republicans 
targeting only those survivors who are 
seeking healthcare. 
Protect the fundamental right of 
choice. Reject this narrow-minded, un-
constitutional, Republican power-hun-
gry, vigilante injustice. Join us next 
Saturday at the Women’s March for 
Freedom at the State Capitol in Aus-
tin. 
Mrs. 
RODGERS 
of 
Washington. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman 
from California (Ms. LEE). 
Ms. 
LEE 
of 
California. 
Madam 
Speaker, I rise in strong support of 
H.R. 3755. As co-chair of the Pro-Choice 
Caucus, I am a proud original cospon-
sor. I thank my good friend and Con-
gresswoman, JUDY CHU, for her per-
sistent leadership, also Chairman PAL-
LONE and the Speaker for bringing it to 
the floor. 
Madam Speaker, make no mistake, 
people deserve the freedom to control 
their own bodies, lives, and futures. We 
must protect the right to access abor-
tion and to ensure that it is available 
and affordable. 
Now, I remember the days of back 
alley, unsafe abortions. We cannot, and 
we will not, go back to those days. 
Passing this bill would provide a crit-
ical safeguard against attacks on re-
productive freedom and ensure that 
abortions are accessible and available 
for all, which means also low-income 
women and people of color. This is our 
body. It is our choice. 
Mrs. 
RODGERS 
of 
Washington. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman 
from 
Florida 
(Ms. 
WASSERMAN 
SCHULTZ). 
Ms. 
WASSERMAN 
SCHULTZ. 
Madam Speaker, it is past time we 
took the power to make deeply per-
sonal healthcare decisions out of Gov-
ernors’ mansions and State legislatures 
and put them back where they belong, 
in the hands of patients and their doc-
tors. 
Just this week, my home State of 
Florida filed a horrific anti-abortion 
bill that is a revolting assault on wom-
en’s rights. With Federal courts becom-
ing more hostile to reproductive ac-
cess, we must not waver in the passage 
of the Women’s Health Protection Act. 
Thankfully, this bill before us today 
protects the right to access abortion 
throughout the United States and safe-
guards against medically unnecessary 
bans and restrictions like those in 
Texas’ S.B. 8. 
Equal access to abortion care every-
where is essential to economic partici-
pation, reproductive autonomy, and 
the right to determine our own lives. 
Congress has a responsibility to pass 
legislation that makes these human 
rights a reality. 
Madam Speaker, I urge passage of 
this vital piece of legislation. 
Mrs. 
RODGERS 
of 
Washington. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman 
from California (Ms. SPEIER). 
Ms. SPEIER. Madam Speaker, I 
thank the chairman, and I thank JUDY 
CHU for their leadership. 
Madam Speaker, 10 years ago on this 
floor, I spoke about a second-term 
abortion that I had. It was painful. It 
was hard. But I did because so many on 
the other side of the aisle that day 
knew nothing about what women en-
dure. We are not vessels for a man to 
inject their sperm into and then walk 
away with no consequences. 
This is my body, not yours. Many on 
the other side of the aisle whine about 
the freedom that they have lost by 
having to wear masks, yet you want to 
take my freedom to control my body 
away from me. 
You have not carried a fetus in your 
body. You have not had a fetus die in 
your body. You have not had to mourn 
the loss. You stand there preaching 
birth but not life. 
This is my body. This is my life. This 
is my freedom. 
Mrs. 
RODGERS 
of 
Washington. 
Madam Speaker, standing for life, 
standing as someone who has carried a 
baby and lost a baby, standing and con-
tinuing to celebrate life, I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from 
Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE). 
Mr. CICILLINE. Madam Speaker, I 
rise today in strong support of the 
Women’s Health Protection Act. 
If we truly value women, we must 
protect their right to control their own 
bodies and their freedom to make their 
own healthcare decisions. 
This includes the right to safe abor-
tion, guaranteed by the Supreme Court 
in Roe v. Wade almost 50 years ago— 
not more, nothing less. 
But this right is under fierce attack. 
We have seen wildly restrictive abor-
tion bans, a $10,000 bounty on people 
who help women who are seeking abor-
tion care. This is unconstitutional and 
dangerous. 
This bill will guarantee women all 
across this country the freedom to 
make their own healthcare decisions, a 
basic and well-established constitu-
tional right. 
Madam Speaker, I urge my col-
leagues to support it. 
Mrs. 
RODGERS 
of 
Washington. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman 
from Washington (Ms. DELBENE). 
Ms. DELBENE. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today in support of the Women’s 
Health Protection Act, a historic vote 
which will cement the right to abor-
tion in the United States. 
The impending cases before the Su-
preme Court are proof that the assault 
on women and Roe are real, and Con-
gress must step up. Women have a 
right to full reproductive healthcare, 
including abortion. Lawmakers have a 
responsibility to uphold this right. 
Madam Speaker, I urge my col-
leagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the Women’s 
Health Protection Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. 
SPEIER). The gentlewoman from Colo-
rado (Ms. DEGETTE) controls the bal-
ance of the time. 
Mrs. 
RODGERS 
of 
Washington. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. DEGETTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman 
from North Carolina (Ms. ADAMS). 
Ms. ADAMS. Madam Speaker, a 
woman who does not own or control 
her own body cannot call herself free. 
I want you to close your eyes and 
imagine being forced to give birth dur-
ing a global pandemic: fewer in-person 
visits, more telehealth visits; new par-
ents having children alone without 
their families, worrying if the baby 
will catch the virus; something goes 
wrong, there may not be space in the 
ICU. 
Now open your eyes to the truth. A 
woman should not have to yield con-
trol over her own choices and her own 
body. 
So let’s pass this bill, the Women’s 
Health Protection Act. That is what we 
need to do. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:51 Sep 25, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00014
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A24SE7.004
H24SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 13-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5151 
September 24, 2021 
Mrs. 
RODGERS 
of 
Washington. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. DEGETTE. Madam Speaker, may 
I inquire as to the time remaining on 
both sides. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from Colorado has 12 min-
utes remaining. The gentlewoman from 
Washington has 7 minutes remaining. 
Ms. DEGETTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from 
Florida (Mr. CRIST). 
Mr. CRIST. Madam Speaker, I thank 
the chairman and the gentlewoman 
from California for her leadership. 
Access to safe and legal abortion is 
about trust—trust in those seeking re-
productive care, trust that they will 
know what is best for their bodies and 
their families, and trust in them to 
make a choice that only they can make 
about their own future. 
What we are seeing in Texas and in 
the Supreme Court is what happens 
when government wants to make the 
choice for you, and I am hearing from 
Floridians who are terrified that the 
Governor of Florida wants to bring 
Texas-style tyranny to the Sunshine 
State. 
Not on our watch. Vote ‘‘yes’’ on the 
Women’s Health Protection Act. 
Mrs. 
RODGERS 
of 
Washington. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. DEGETTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman 
from Washington State (Ms. JAYAPAL). 
Ms. JAYAPAL. Madam Speaker, one 
in four women across America has had 
an abortion. I am one of them. 
It is a deeply personal choice about 
control of our own bodies and the con-
sequences of a choice that only we will 
have to live with. Do not criminalize 
me and millions of women like me 
around the country. Do not criminalize 
those that help us. 
Let me be clear. The cruel Texas 
abortion law and decades of efforts to 
repeal Roe v. Wade are nothing but at-
tempts to control our bodies and our 
choices. 
Madam Speaker, terminating my 
pregnancy was not an easy choice for 
me, but it was my choice. It is time to 
preserve that for all people. 
Mrs. 
RODGERS 
of 
Washington. 
Madam Speaker, continuing to stand, 
celebrating life, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
b 1030 
Ms. DEGETTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman 
from Texas (Ms. GARCIA). 
Ms. GARCIA of Texas. Madam Speak-
er, Congress must protect women’s 
constitutional freedom to decide over 
their bodies. After the cruel Texas—my 
home State—abortion ban, I visited the 
local Planned Parenthood and heard 
horrific stories of women already re-
sorting to self-help, including finding 
an abortion tea on the internet. 
We cannot go back to the dark ages 
of using dangerous wire hangers for 
self-help and other things that will ac-
tually hurt and potentially kill women. 
We cannot continue to go back. We 
must move forward and protect our 
rights. 
Madam Speaker, I urge passage of 
the Women’s Health Protection Act. 
Mrs. 
RODGERS 
of 
Washington. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. DEGETTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman 
from Georgia (Mrs. MCBATH). 
Mrs. MCBATH. Madam Speaker, gen-
erations of women fought for the right 
to vote, they fought for a seat in the 
university classroom, a seat in the 
boardroom, and a seat in our govern-
ment. And they fought for the freedom 
for us to make our own decisions about 
our bodies. 
Generations of women secured these 
gains so that we could build on their 
efforts toward a just and equitable so-
ciety. We cannot allow their work to be 
undone. That is why I am proud to vote 
in favor of the Women’s Health Protec-
tion Act. 
Mrs. 
RODGERS 
of 
Washington. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. DEGETTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from 
Texas (Mr. GREEN). 
Mr. GREEN of Texas. Madam Speak-
er, the Constitution recognizes that 
there are limits that can be placed on 
the long arm of the law. The long arm 
of the law has limitations when it 
comes to speech. The long arm of the 
law has limitations when it comes to 
religion. And the long arm of the law 
has limitations in terms of how far it 
can extend into a women’s womb. 
This bill checks the long arm of the 
law so that it does not extend too far 
into a women’s womb. 
Mrs. 
RODGERS 
of 
Washington. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. DEGETTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from 
New Hampshire (Mr. PAPPAS). 
Mr. PAPPAS. Madam Speaker, for 48 
years the right to choose has been the 
law of the land, and it is time that 
Congress protects that right and access 
to the full range of reproductive care. 
States are passing dangerous bans on 
abortion that harm patients and crim-
inalize doctors, and anti-choice legisla-
tors are erecting barriers that are ever 
more onerous for women. This has even 
happened in my home State of New 
Hampshire where the legislature passed 
an abortion ban and forced ultrasounds 
for women seeking an abortion. 
If the Supreme Court won’t protect 
Roe v. Wade, then Congress must pass 
the Women’s Health Protection Act. 
Mrs. 
RODGERS 
of 
Washington. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. DEGETTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman 
from Massachusetts (Ms. PRESSLEY), an 
original cosponsor of this legislation. 
Ms. PRESSLEY. Madam Speaker, 
abortion care is a fundamental human 
right. Texas’ unconscionable abortion 
ban is further evidence that lawmakers 
who aim to do harm will stop at noth-
ing to attack our reproductive rights 
and bodily autonomy. But not on our 
watch. 
It is clear the Supreme Court is no 
longer on the side of justice and the 
pro-choice majority of the House of 
Representatives has a responsibility to 
stand in the gap and to act. 
Today, we must, and we will, pass the 
Women’s Health Protection Act. I am 
proud to co-lead this bill with Con-
gresswoman CHU to codify the right to 
abortion care. 
Madam Speaker, I urge my col-
leagues to stand with us to reaffirm re-
productive justice and protect this fun-
damental right. 
Mrs. 
RODGERS 
of 
Washington. 
Madam Speaker, 
Open up, O heavens, and pour out your right-
eousness. Let the Earth open wide so 
salvation and righteousness can sprout 
up together. 
I, the Lord, created them. 
What sorrow awaits those who argue with 
their creator. 
Does a clay pot argue with its maker? 
Does the clay dispute with the one who 
shapes it, saying, Stop, you’re doing it 
wrong? 
Does the pot exclaim, How clumsy can you 
be? 
How terrible it would be if the newborn baby 
said to its father, Why was I born? 
Or if it said to its mother, Why did you make 
me this way? 
It is the word of the Lord. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Ms. DEGETTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman 
from New Jersey (Ms. SHERRILL). 
Ms. SHERRILL. Madam Speaker, I 
rise in support of the Women’s Health 
Protection Act. 
For almost my entire life, Roe v. 
Wade has been the law of the land. And 
after continuous attacks on Roe for the 
past five decades, I, for the first time 
fear that it is truly imperiled. 
The attacks on women’s health in 
Texas and the court’s refusal thus far 
to protect our Constitution and women 
lays out a roadmap really for States 
across the Nation. That is why this leg-
islation is critical, so Congress can 
stand in the breach and protect women 
and our constitutional rights across 
the Nation. 
Mrs. 
RODGERS 
of 
Washington. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. DEGETTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from 
New York (Mr. JONES). 
Mr. JONES. Madam Speaker, a few 
weeks ago, the far right, a 6–3 majority 
on the Supreme Court, quietly over-
turned Roe v. Wade. 
Today, we pass the Women’s Health 
Protection Act to restore reproductive 
freedom nationwide and protect funda-
mental rights that the Supreme Court 
will not. 
These justices will do whatever they 
can to erase reproductive rights. So we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:57 Sep 25, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00015
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K24SE7.019
H24SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 14-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5152 
September 24, 2021 
must also restore balance to the Su-
preme Court by adding seats. The 
American people agree. Not just 90 per-
cent of Democrats, but 61 percent of 
Independents. 
Until we end the domination of the 
far-right majority, reproductive free-
dom will never be secure. 
Mrs. 
RODGERS 
of 
Washington. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. DEGETTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman 
from 
New 
Mexico 
(Ms. 
LEGER 
FERNANDEZ). 
Ms. LEGER FERNANDEZ. Madam 
Speaker, New Mexico is a border state 
with Texas. Because of the extreme 
abortion ban, our Texas hermanas are 
driving hours to receive abortion care 
in New Mexico. 
We are receiving women’s rights refu-
gees with open arms, hearts, and open 
clinics. To deputize complete strangers 
to interfere with a woman’s health 
choice is constitutionally, medically, 
and morally wrong. 
Many minority, LGBTQ, and low-in-
come women can’t afford to travel and 
access quality healthcare. Let’s pass 
the Women’s Health Protection Act so 
that we can protect women’s freedom 
in every State. 
Mrs. 
RODGERS 
of 
Washington. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to 
the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. 
CAMMACK). 
Mrs. CAMMACK. Madam Speaker, I 
stand before you today, the daughter of 
a single mother. I was the first in my 
family to go to college, an individual 
who just 10 years ago was homeless, 
and now today a Member of Congress. 
A Member of Congress. People like 
me are not supposed to be here. We just 
don’t make it to quite this level, typi-
cally. And, quite frankly, I am not sup-
posed to be here breathing. You see, 
my mom when she was 27 years old suf-
fered a stroke when she was pregnant 
with my sister. The doctors told her 
then that she would never be able to 
have children again. 
So you can imagine, years later when 
she found herself pregnant with me, 
she was scared and alone, and being 
told by her doctors that she would not 
only die, that the child would die, too, 
and that she must abort. But my mom 
did something incredibly brave that 
day, she made a choice against the ad-
vice of her doctors, against the pres-
sure of her own family, and she chose 
life. 
You know, my colleagues on the 
other side of the aisle, Madam Speaker, 
have been talking about how our con-
stitutional rights are under attack, 
and I agree, they are. Because they 
begin with life, liberty, and the pursuit 
of happiness. It starts with life. 
Madam Speaker, I am proud to stand 
and fight for our unalienable rights and 
the rights of those little girls yet to be 
born. 
Ms. DEGETTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman 
from North Carolina (Ms. MANNING). 
Ms. MANNING. Madam Speaker, I 
rise in strong support of the Women’s 
Health Protection Act. Congress must 
take action against the Republican’s 
relentless attacks on women’s repro-
ductive freedom, including medically 
unnecessary restrictions and blatantly 
unconstitutional bans on abortions. 
These State bans go against 50 years of 
judicial precedent. 
We must take action now to protect 
women and their freedom to make de-
cisions about their own bodies, their 
own health, their own families. 
Madam Speaker, I urge my col-
leagues to support this vital bill. 
Mrs. 
RODGERS 
of 
Washington. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. DEGETTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman 
from Georgia (Ms. WILLIAMS). 
Ms. WILLIAMS of Georgia. Madam 
Speaker, I rise today in support of re-
productive freedom; for the people I 
met while working for Planned Parent-
hood who had to travel across State 
lines just to get the care that they 
need. 
The relentless assault on abortion in 
State legislatures and courtrooms has 
nothing to do with health or care. It is 
about scoring political points on the 
backs of those most marginalized. 
It might be Texas first, then Mis-
sissippi, then my home State of Geor-
gia where, as we speak, another des-
picable abortion ban is having its day 
in Federal court right now. 
We can’t leave the right to safe and 
legal abortion to the whim of States. 
Congress must ensure that everyone, 
no matter their ZIP Code, can make 
decisions about their health and fami-
lies freely. 
Madam Speaker, I urge my col-
leagues to join me in supporting the 
Women’s Health Protection Act. 
Mrs. 
RODGERS 
of 
Washington. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute the 
gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. FOR-
TENBERRY), my classmate and cham-
pion for life. 
Mr. FORTENBERRY. Madam Speak-
er, the Women’s Health Protection Act 
has a powerfully good name, but the 
name masks its intention. 
This bill would make America the 
most pro-abortion Nation on Earth. It 
in no way advances the principles of in-
clusion and equity routinely cham-
pioned on this floor. It does just the op-
posite: it hurts the most vulnerable in 
our society, expectant mothers and 
their preborn children. 
So, my colleagues, my friends, I urge 
us, let’s please turn from the con-
tradictions 
here 
and 
maybe, 
just 
maybe, open our hearts to another 
way. When there is news of an unex-
pected pregnancy and that vulnerable 
moment of uncertainty, suppose that 
we as a community of care committed 
to the journey of life to help a mother 
and her child, before birth, at birth, 
and after birth. That is called commit-
ment. That is called compassion. That 
is called love. That is called care for 
her. 
Ms. DEGETTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman 
from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, 
S.B. 8 will kill women. It is a dan-
gerous, dangerous depriving of our con-
stitutional rights, but it will kill 
women. It is a bill that provides a pro-
vision that I have never seen in my 
lifetime living in the United States of 
America, a free Nation. 
It actually sets a bounty, reminis-
cent of eras of dastardly life in this 
country, the slave life; a bounty in 
order to stalk a woman to ensure that 
the provider does not give and the 
woman does not get an abortion. 
I support this legislation because it 
upholds the Constitution, and I look 
forward to my bill on preventing vigi-
lante stalking being passed. 
Madam Speaker, as a senior member of the 
Judiciary Committee and the Chair of the Sub-
committee on Crime, Terrorism, and Home-
land Security; a member of the Democratic 
Working Women’s Task Force, the representa-
tive of 700,000 highly interested and affected 
persons in the Eighteenth Congressional Dis-
trict of Texas; as a sponsor of the legislation; 
and as a woman who was born and came of 
age during a period when the women of Amer-
ica were denied rights that men took for grant-
ed, including the basic human right of auton-
omy over one’s own body and to decide for 
herself the profound and fundamental question 
of whether to bear or beget a child, I rise in 
strong support of H.R. 3755, the Women’s 
Health Protection Act, which protects a per-
son’s ability to determine whether to continue 
or end a pregnancy, and to protect a health 
care provider’s ability to provide abortion serv-
ices. 
I am extremely pleased that the Biden-Har-
ris Administration strongly endorses this legis-
lation and urges its swift passage by the Con-
gress. 
Madam Speaker, I support H.R. 3755 be-
cause it states clearly and unequivocally in 
Section 4 that a ‘‘health care provider has a 
statutory right under this Act to provide abor-
tion services, and may provide abortion serv-
ices, and that provider’s patient has a cor-
responding right to receive such services, 
without any burdensome limitations or require-
ments. 
Burdensome and unlawful requirements in-
clude: 
1. A requirement that a health care provider 
perform specific tests or medical procedures in 
connection with the provision of abortion serv-
ices, unless generally required for the provi-
sion of medically comparable procedures. 
2. A requirement that the same health care 
provider who provides abortion services also 
perform specified tests, services, or proce-
dures prior to or subsequent to the abortion. 
3. A requirement that a health care provider 
offer or provide the patient seeking abortion 
services medically inaccurate information in 
advance of or during abortion services. 
4. A limitation on a health care provider’s 
ability to prescribe or dispense drugs based 
on current evidence-based regimens or the 
provider’s good-faith medical judgment, other 
than a limitation generally applicable to the 
medical profession. 
5. A limitation on a health care provider’s 
ability to provide abortion services via tele-
medicine. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:51 Sep 25, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00016
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\K24SE7.021
H24SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 15-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5153 
September 24, 2021 
6. A requirement or limitation concerning the 
physical plant, equipment, staffing, or hospital 
transfer arrangements of facilities where abor-
tion services are provided, or the credentials 
or hospital privileges or status of personnel at 
such facilities, that is not imposed on facilities 
or the personnel of facilities where medically 
comparable procedures are performed. 
7. A requirement that, prior to obtaining an 
abortion, a patient make one or more medi-
cally unnecessary in-person visits to the pro-
vider of abortion services or to any individual 
or entity that does not provide abortion serv-
ices. 
8. A prohibition on abortion at any point or 
points in time prior to fetal viability, including 
a prohibition or restriction on a particular abor-
tion procedure. 
9. A prohibition on abortion after fetal viabil-
ity when, in the good-faith medical judgment of 
the treating health care provider, continuation 
of the pregnancy would pose a risk to the 
pregnant patient’s life or health. 
10. A limitation on a health care provider’s 
ability to provide immediate abortion services 
when that health care provider believes, based 
on the good-faith medical judgment of the pro-
vider, that delay would pose a risk to the pa-
tient’s health. 
It is important to note that prior to fetal via-
bility, the law prohibits a health care requiring 
a patient seeking abortion services to disclose 
the patient’s reason or reasons for seeking 
abortion services, or a limiting the provision or 
obtaining of abortion services at any point or 
points in time prior to fetal viability based on 
any actual, perceived, or potential reason or 
reasons the health care provider believes the 
patient has for obtaining abortion services. 
Madam Speaker, H.R. 3755 contains an-
other important provision, this one directed to-
ward the judiciary, and it is that all courts are 
to ‘‘liberally construe’’ the provisions of the law 
to effectuate the congressional intent in enact-
ing the law and that courts are not to construe 
the act in anyway ‘‘to authorize any govern-
ment to interfere with a person’s ability to ter-
minate a pregnancy, or to diminish or in any 
way negatively affect a person’s constitutional 
right to terminate a pregnancy.’’ 
To enforce the provisions of the legislation, 
the Attorney General is authorized to com-
mence a civil action for prospective injunctive 
relief on behalf of the United States against 
any government official that is charged with 
implementing or enforcing any limitation or re-
quirement that is challenged as a violation of 
a statutory right under this Act. 
In addition, H.R. 3755 authorizes private 
rights of action to be brought for injunctive re-
lief against the government official that is 
charged with implementing or enforcing the 
challenged limitation or requirement by any in-
dividual or entity, including any health care 
provider, aggrieved by the alleged violation of 
this Act. 
Madam Speaker, swift, clear, and decisive 
action to codify the rights and protections pro-
vided by the U.S. Supreme Court’s landmark 
decision in Roe v. Wade, 410 U.S. 113 (1973) 
is the clearly required response to the more 
than 500 state laws restricting abortion access 
over the past decade. 
These regressive restrictions have elimi-
nated access to abortion care in large swaths 
of the United States; nearly 90 percent of U.S. 
counties are without a single abortion provider 
and five states are down to their last clinic. 
The people hurt most by abortion restric-
tions are those who already face barriers to 
accessing health care-including Black, indige-
nous and persons of color, women, those 
working to make ends meet, members of the 
LGBTQI+ community, immigrants, young peo-
ple, those living in rural communities, and peo-
ple with disabilities. 
Madam Speaker, right-wing Republican leg-
islators passed, and the Republican governor 
signed, Texas SB8, an extreme and facially 
unconstitutional law that contemptuously vio-
lates existing Supreme Court precedent. 
The Texas law significantly impairs women’s 
access to critical reproductive health care, par-
ticularly affecting communities of color, individ-
uals with low incomes, and those who live in 
rural or underserved communities. 
The law also turns private citizens into 
bounty hunters who are empowered to bring 
lawsuits against anyone who they believe has 
helped another person get an abortion, includ-
ing family members, faith leaders, Uber drivers 
and others providing transportation, and health 
care providers. 
The new Texas law prohibits abortions as 
early as six weeks into a pregnancy and cre-
ates the opportunity for almost any private cit-
izen to sue abortion providers and women 
seeking to terminate their pregnancy past six 
weeks. 
The law effectively bans abortion in Texas, 
as the six-week cutoff is just two weeks after 
a missed menstrual cycle. 
The ‘‘hotline’’ reporting system in the Texas 
law is particularly malicious. 
Since enforcement of the bill lies entirely 
with private citizens, Texans are incentivized 
to stalk women as they make vitally important 
decisions about their own health. 
It is anathema to the conscience of the 
United States of America to have individuals 
following women to determine whether they 
have or will receive an abortion. 
We saw similar occurrences during the KGB 
era of the Soviet Union, as neighbor spied on, 
lied against, and turned against neighbor to 
hand over their fellow citizens to the state. 
We are Americans, and to have a law that 
so blatantly foments distrust and stalking 
among our citizenry is a blatant spit in the 
face of the principles on which this country 
was founded. 
To assist in stopping this law, and to protect 
women from vigilante bounty hunters, I have 
introduced H.R. 5226, the ‘‘Preventing Vigi-
lante Stalking that Stops Women’s Access to 
Healthcare and Abortion Rights Act of 2021.’’ 
This bill would enhance criminal penalties 
under the federal stalking statute if the stalking 
is done with the intent to prevent or report on 
a woman’s health decisions. 
Importantly, this bill does not include any 
mandatory minimums. 
This bill will weaken the incentive to stalk 
women by bolstering the criminal penalties 
under the federal stalking statute if the stalking 
is intended to prevent or report on a woman’s 
health decisions. 
Additionally, earlier this year, the U.S. Su-
preme Court announced that in December it 
will hear argument on a Mississippi law ban-
ning abortion after 15 weeks of pregnancy, 
which represents a direct challenge to the 
continued vitality of Roe v. Wade. 
Madam Speaker, one of the most detestable 
aspects of these continued attacks to under-
mine a woman’s right to reproductive health 
care is that it would curb access to care for 
women 
in 
the 
most 
desperate 
of 
cir-
cumstances. 
Women like Danielle Deaver, who was 22 
weeks pregnant when her water broke and 
tests showed that Danielle had suffered 
anhydramnios, a premature rupture of the 
membranes before the fetus has achieved via-
bility. 
This condition meant that the fetus likely 
would be born with a shortening of muscle tis-
sue that results in the inability to move limbs. 
In addition, Danielle’s fetus likely would suf-
fer deformities to the face and head, and the 
lungs were unlikely to develop beyond the 22- 
week point. 
There was less than a 10% chance that, if 
born, Danielle’s baby would be able to breathe 
on its own and only a 2% chance the baby 
would be able to eat on its own. 
Abridging a woman’s right to reproductive 
health care hurts women like Vikki Stella, a di-
abetic, who discovered months into her preg-
nancy that the fetus she was carrying suffered 
from several major anomalies and had no 
chance of survival and whose physician deter-
mined that because of Vikki’s diabetes, in-
duced labor and Caesarian section were both 
riskier procedures for Vikki than an abortion. 
SB8 is the most brazen, but not the first, at-
tempt to roll back women’s reproductive health 
care rights in Texas. 
In 2013 Texas passed a law that would 
have cut off access to 75 percent of reproduc-
tive healthcare clinics in the state had it not 
been challenged before the U.S. Supreme 
Court in 2014 and 2015. 
On October 2, 2014, the Supreme Court 
struck down as unconstitutional a Texas law 
that required that all reproductive healthcare 
clinics that provided the full range of services 
would be required to have a hospital-style sur-
gery center building and staffing requirements. 
This requirement meant that only 7 clinics in 
the entire state would be allowed to continue 
to provide a full spectrum of reproductive 
healthcare to women. 
But because Texas is a vast state com-
prising 268,580 square miles, (second only in 
size and population to the state of California), 
implementation of the law would have ended 
access to reproductive services for millions of 
women in my state. 
In 2015, the State of Texas once again 
threatened women’s access to reproductive 
health care when it attempted to shutter all but 
10 healthcare providers in the state of Texas. 
The Supreme Court once again intervened 
on behalf of Texas women to block the move 
to close clinics. 
Madam Speaker, since the United States 
Supreme Court ruled over 40 years ago, in 
Roe v. Wade (410 U.S. 113 (1973)), that a 
woman’s constitutional right to privacy in-
cludes her right to abortion, both abortion 
rates and risks have substantially declined, as 
have the number of teen and unwanted preg-
nancies. 
If opponents were so concerned about 
women’s health and safety, they would be pro-
moting any one of the number of evidence- 
based proactive policies that improve women’s 
health and well-being. 
Instead, they are continuing their assault on 
women’s constitutional rights and their cam-
paign to outlaw abortion. 
That is their number one priority; it is cer-
tainly not about protecting women’s health; it 
is about politics. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:51 Sep 25, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00017
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A24SE7.025
H24SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 16-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5154 
September 24, 2021 
It is clear women are under attack and must 
be on perpetual guard against new attacks on 
women’s access to reproductive health care, 
often couched in those same terms. 
Madam Speaker, this is not what the Amer-
ican people want. 
Support for abortion access is at an all-time 
high; nearly 80 percent of Americans do not 
want to see Roe v. Wade overturned. 
There is no state in the Nation where mak-
ing abortion illegal is popular. 
The American people want more access to 
health care, not less, and it is more critical 
than ever to see through this inflammatory 
misinformation campaign. 
Madam Speaker, the right to make deci-
sions about reproductive health care, including 
abortion, is central to individual equality. 
The right enables a person to decide if, 
when, and how to start and grow their family. 
It enables people to pursue and advance in 
their education and employment, and to be full 
and equal participants in society. 
Laws that restrict reproductive freedom, in-
cluding restrictions on abortion and birth con-
trol, perpetuate harmful stereotypes about 
gender roles and undermine gender equality. 
Courts, federal law, and the public have 
long connected reproductive freedom with 
equality. 
Reproductive freedom is central to women’s 
equality, for as the Supreme Court said in 
Planned Parenthood v. Casey, 505 U.S. 833 
(1992): ‘‘The ability of women to participate 
equally in the economic and social life of the 
Nation has been facilitated by their ability to 
control their reproductive lives.’’ 
Americans understand this connection and it 
is reflected in a January 2019 national poll 
showing 71% of voters agree—48% agree 
strongly—that equal rights for women includes 
access to reproductive health care. 
State laws like Texas SB8 represent uncon-
stitutional infringements on the right to privacy, 
as interpreted by the Supreme Court in a long 
line of cases going back to Griswold v. Con-
necticut, 381 U.S. 479 (1965) and, of course, 
Roe v. Wade. 
In Roe v. Wade, the Court held that a state 
could not prohibit a woman from exercising 
her right to terminate a pregnancy in order to 
protect her health prior to viability. 
While many factors go into determining fetal 
viability, the consensus of the medical commu-
nity is that viability is acknowledged as not oc-
curring prior to 24 weeks gestation. 
Supreme Court precedents make it clear 
that neither Congress nor a state legislature 
can declare any one element—‘‘be it weeks of 
gestation or fetal weight or any other single 
factor—as 
the 
determinant’’ 
of 
viability. 
Colautti v. Franklin, 439 U.S. 379, 388–89 
(1979). 
The constitutionally protected right to pri-
vacy encompasses the right of women to 
choose to terminate a pregnancy before viabil-
ity, and even later, where continuing the preg-
nancy to term poses a threat to a woman’s 
life, health, or safety. 
This right of privacy was hard won and must 
be preserved inviolate. 
Madam Speaker, every pregnancy is dif-
ferent, and no politician knows, or has the 
right to assume he knows, what is best for a 
woman and her family. 
These are decisions that properly must be 
left to women to make, in consultation with 
their partners, doctors, and their God. 
I urge all Members to join me in voting to 
protect a person’s ability to determine whether 
to continue or end a pregnancy, and to protect 
a health care provider’s ability to provide abor-
tion services by voting for H.R. 3755, the 
Women’s Health Protection Act. 
[From the Intelligencer, Sept. 3, 2021] 
TEXAS IS ALREADY CREATING ABORTION 
REFUGEES 
(By Melissa Jeltsen) 
Just pause and breathe. We’re going to 
help, but I need you to take a breath and 
calm down for a moment. 
Kathaleen Pittman, director of the Hope 
Medical Clinic for Women in Shreveport, 
Louisiana, repeated this mantra over and 
over to the teary women on the other end of 
the phone. The calls were coming from all 
over Texas, where abortion is currently 
banned at about six weeks, before many 
women know they are pregnant. They want-
ed to know if they could get an abortion in 
Louisiana instead. 
‘‘The phone has been ringing off the wall, 
patients attempting to get in,’’ Pittman 
said. But appointments were scarce. When I 
spoke with her on Thursday, Hope Medical 
Clinic was the only functioning abortion 
clinic in the state of Louisiana; the other 
two remaining clinics were closed due to 
power outages caused by Hurricane Ida. 
‘‘Right now we are booked out three, pos-
sibly four weeks just to get in for that first 
visit,’’ Pittman said, noting that a state- 
mandated waiting period requires patients to 
come to the clinic twice. ‘‘We’re going to see 
women who are terminating later in the 
pregnancy than desired because they simply 
can’t get in quickly enough,’’ she said. Oth-
ers, she feared, wouldn’t be able to get an 
abortion at all. ‘‘Of course it’s going to be 
the women who have no money,’’ she added. 
‘‘It’s always the women without the means 
that suffer the most.’’ 
In the wake of SB 8, which went into effect 
on Wednesday, many clinics in Texas are 
still providing abortions for patients up to 
six-weeks pregnant, or before embryonic car-
diac activity can be detected. Everyone 
else—estimated to be about 85 percent of all 
abortion patients—is now being referred out 
of state. As a result, clinics in Oklahoma, 
Louisiana, New Mexico, Colorado, and Kan-
sas are being inundated with a surge of preg-
nant people who are racing against the clock 
for care. Yet, in many of these states, years 
of constant antiabortion attacks have eroded 
the existing reproductive health infrastruc-
ture, leaving a fragile system that is ill- 
equipped to absorb the additional demand. 
‘‘The second largest state in the country 
goes dark on a service and everyone else sur-
rounding is trying to support and provide 
care,’’ said Emily Wales, interim president 
and CEO of Planned Parenthood Great 
Plains, which covers Arkansas, Kansas, and 
Oklahoma. Clinics in all three states are see-
ing an increase in Texas patients, she said, 
especially in Oklahoma. At the same time, 
abortion access is under attack there; five 
new abortion restrictions are set to go into 
effect on November 1. ‘‘It feels a little bit 
like it’s whack-a-mole right now in trying to 
beat back what are medically unnecessary 
requirements to ensure ongoing access,’’ 
Wales said. 
While other states have passed similar six- 
week abortion bans, the Texas law is the 
only one that has been allowed to go into ef-
fect. That’s because of the unique way it was 
drafted. The state does not enforce the law. 
Instead, SB 8 deputizes regular people to file 
civil lawsuits against doctors or anyone else 
who knowingly ‘‘aids or abets’’ an abortion. 
The law appears to have been intentionally 
designed this way to thwart judicial action. 
At Trust Women’s clinic in Oklahoma 
City, which is one of the closest abortion 
clinics for people in north Texas, abortion 
appointments are already being booked three 
weeks into September, just like at Hope 
Medical Clinic in Louisiana. ‘‘All of our doc-
tors fly in from other states,’’ explained 
Zack Gingrich-Gaylord, communications di-
rector for Trust Women. ‘‘We’re currently 
asking them to consider working additional 
days, but of course, our doctors also practice 
medicine in their home states as well.’’ 
Trust Women has another clinic in Wichita, 
Kansas, with slightly more availability, but 
to get there, Texas patients must travel even 
further. ‘‘We’ve already started seeing some 
of those Texas patients today, and we’ve got 
some scheduled tomorrow,’’ said Ashley 
Brink, the Wichita clinic director. ‘‘It’s been 
a really emotional time. A lot of these folks, 
they’re scared, they’re confused, they’re 
sad.’’ 
Kristina 
Tocce, 
medical 
director 
at 
Planned Parenthood of the Rocky Moun-
tains, said she was seeing the same uptick in 
Colorado and New Mexico. ‘‘I’m very nervous 
for patients who need services immediately 
because this was an immediate hard stop to 
abortion services in Texas without a clear 
path for those patients as to where they can 
go,’’ she said. ‘‘Texas is essentially a pre-Roe 
world now.’’ 
The distance to the nearest clinic is only 
one of the problems that Texas patients now 
face, said Alan Braid, the owner and medical 
director of Alamo Women’s Reproductive 
Services in San Antonio. Many patients are 
already mothers, and cannot leave their jobs 
or their children for the length of time need-
ed to access care in another state. Some are 
undocumented and cannot travel with ease. 
‘‘It sounds very easy—oh well, you can’t 
get it in Texas, just go to Oklahoma, New 
Mexico. But the people that we see—that 
hourly wage patient, the single mom, the 
people that don’t have the means to travel— 
it’s impossible for them,’’ he said. ‘‘That’s 
like saying well, just hop on a plane and, you 
know, go to France. It’s beautiful there, you 
can get an abortion and then take a walk 
down the Champs-E´ lyse´es.’’ 
Braid, who has been providing abortion 
care in Texas since he began his OB/GYN in-
ternship in 1972, said this was the worst cli-
mate he had ever seen for reproductive 
rights in Texas since before Roe v. Wade. The 
new law, with its vigilante-enforcement 
scheme, is spreading fear and distrust. ‘‘You 
can feel it in the room,’’ he said. ‘‘It hangs 
heavy.’’ As a provider, he said, he is usually 
optimistic that he can support his patients 
and meet their needs. ‘‘Now, when I walk in 
the room, I have huge doubts about whether 
I’m going to be able to help,’’ he said. ‘‘I’m 
not used to that.’’ 
He expressed deep concern about what pa-
tients will do to obtain abortions if they 
can’t get one inside Texas when they need it. 
He still has a powerful memory of three 
teenagers dying from septic shock and organ 
failure after obtaining back-alley abortions 
back when he was an intern in 1972. 
‘‘That’s where we’re headed,’’ he said. ‘‘I 
promise you that people are going to cross 
the border to Mexico. They’re going to self- 
induce.’’ 
[From the AP News, Sept. 2, 2021] 
NEW TEXAS ABORTION LAW PUSHES WOMEN TO 
OUT-OF-STATE CLINICS 
Even before a strict abortion ban took ef-
fect in Texas this week, clinics in neigh-
boring states were fielding growing numbers 
of calls from women desperate for options. 
An Oklahoma clinic had received more 
than double its number of typical inquiries, 
two-thirds of them from Texas. A Kansas 
clinic is anticipating a patient increase of up 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:02 Sep 25, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00018
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A24SE7.026
H24SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 17-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5155 
September 24, 2021 
to 40% based on calls from women in Texas. 
A Colorado clinic that already had started 
seeing more patients from other states was 
preparing to ramp up supplies and staffing in 
anticipation of the law taking effect. 
The Texas law, allowed to stand in a deci-
sion Thursday by the U.S. Supreme Court, 
bans abortions once medical professionals 
can detect cardiac activity, typically around 
six weeks. In a highly unusual twist, enforce-
ment will be done by private citizens who 
can sue anyone they believe is violating the 
law. 
‘‘There’s real panic about how are they 
going to get an abortion within six weeks,’’ 
said Anna Rupani, co-director of Fund Texas 
Choice, one of several nonprofits that help 
pay for travel and other expenses for pa-
tients 
seeking 
out-of-state 
abortions. 
‘‘There’s this fear that if I can’t get it done 
in six weeks, I may not be able to get it done 
because I may not be able to leave my job or 
my family for more than a day.’’ 
Traveling for an abortion may be impos-
sible for women who would struggle to find 
child care or take time off work. And for 
those without legal U.S. status along Texas’ 
southern border, traveling to an abortion 
clinic also entails the risk of getting stopped 
at a checkpoint. 
Fund Texas Choice is among the groups 
seeking to expand a network that helps 
women in Texas and other places with re-
strictive abortion laws end their pregnancies 
in other states. It already has seen more 
women reaching out. The organization typi-
cally handles 10 new cases per week but re-
ceived 10 calls from new clients just Wednes-
day, when the law took effect. 
The phenomenon is not new. Women have 
been increasingly seeking out-of-state abor-
tions as Republican legislatures and gov-
ernors have passed ever-tighter abortion 
laws, particularly in the South. At least 
276,000 women terminated their pregnancies 
outside their home state between 2012 and 
2017, according to a 2019 Associated Press 
analysis of state and federal data. 
The trend appears to have accelerated over 
the past year. Abortion clinics in neigh-
boring states began seeing an uptick in calls 
from Texas after Gov. Greg Abbott banned 
abortions in March 2020 for nearly a month 
under a COVID–19 executive order. 
The number of Texans seeking abortions in 
Planned Parenthood clinics in the Rocky 
Mountain region, which covers Colorado, 
New Mexico, Wyoming and southern Nevada, 
was 12 times higher that month. In Cali-
fornia, 7,000 patients came from other states 
to Planned Parenthood clinics in 2020. 
The number of Texans getting abortions in 
Kansas jumped from 25 in 2019 to 289 last 
year. The Trust Women clinic in Wichita ac-
counted for 203 of those procedures in a 
three-month period. Those patients traveled 
an average of 650 miles (1,000 kilometers), 
Trust Women spokesman Zack Gingrich- 
Gaylord said. 
‘‘Last year was a dress rehearsal,’’ he said, 
predicting similar numbers under the new 
Texas law. 
One woman discovered she was pregnant 
just as Abbott’s emergency order banning 
abortions was lifted. She and her partner had 
lost their jobs in San Antonio during the 
pandemic. 
‘‘We didn’t know which way the world was 
going to go with everything shut down and 
no change in sight,’’ said Miranda, who 
spoke on the condition that only her first 
name be used for fear of harassment and in-
timidation. ‘‘The last thing I wanted to do 
was be pregnant.’’ 
She struggled to find an abortion clinic 
that could help her. An online search led her 
to Fund Texas Choice and the Lilith Fund, 
another organization that offers financial as-
sistance to Texans seeking abortions. They 
offered to pay for a flight to New Mexico. 
‘‘It’s so comforting because it’s like some-
one saying, ‘We got you. Let’s take care of 
this together,’ ’’ Miranda said. 
Eventually, she found an appointment at a 
clinic in Dallas, a five-hour drive away. The 
groups helped with gas and lodging, aid that 
will be even more important with the new 
law, Miranda said. 
‘‘To be able to help me in a time of need 
when I had nothing, not even a job—that’s 
something I think a lot of women would ben-
efit from if they knew those options were 
there,’’ she said. 
Trust Women Wichita clinic director Ash-
ley Brink said the phones have been busier 
than normal this week with potential pa-
tients from Texas and beyond. Women also 
have been calling from Louisiana and Ala-
bama who would typically get abortion care 
in Texas but are having to travel even far-
ther. 
The clinic typically sees 40 to 50 abortion 
patients in a week and now is expecting an 
additional 15 to 20. 
At Trust Women’s clinic in Oklahoma 
City, 80 appointments were scheduled over 
the past two days, more than double the typ-
ical amount, co-executive director Rebecca 
Tong said. Two-thirds were from Texas, and 
the earliest opening was three weeks out. 
‘‘Oklahoma has just barely enough clinics 
for the amount of people here,’’ Tong said. 
‘‘If anyone is thinking, ‘Oh, they can just go 
out of state, it’ll be so easy,’ a lot of clinics 
in the Midwest and South, we don’t do abor-
tion care five days a week.’’ 
Oklahoma providers also face the potential 
for abortion restrictions similar to those in 
Texas in a matter of months. 
In recent months, 15% of patients sup-
ported by Cobalt, an abortion access advo-
cacy group in Colorado, were from out of 
state, president Karen Middleton said. She 
expects that number to keep rising. 
The group administers a fund to cover the 
cost of the procedure, travel, lodging and 
meals. It began preparing for a potential in-
flux of patients from Texas several weeks 
ago. 
‘‘We reached out to everyone who provides 
abortion care in the state of Colorado,’’ Mid-
dleton said. ‘‘We asked them to be ready and 
to let us know if they could handle increased 
capacity.’’ 
Traveling for the procedure may still be 
out of reach for some. Women without legal 
U.S. status might turn to abortion medica-
tion, said Diana Gomez, advocacy manager 
with Progress Texas, though even that op-
tion is in question. 
Several Republican-led states have passed 
laws making it harder to access the pills and 
banning prescriptions through virtual health 
visits. Texas is considering similar restric-
tions, which could force women to get pills 
by mail for do-it-yourself abortions or other 
methods. 
‘‘They are going to have to go underground 
and find alternative means in our state,’’ 
Gomez said. 
[From TIME, Sept. 23, 2021] 
FLORIDA LAWMAKER PROPOSES ABORTION BAN 
THAT MIMICS TEXAS SB–8 LAW 
A Florida legislator has proposed banning 
most abortions in the state and allowing 
lawsuits against doctors who violate it, mir-
roring a Texas law that instituted the strict-
est abortion restrictions in the U.S. 
It wasn’t immediately clear how much sup-
port the bill would garner. The Republican- 
controlled Florida legislature has shown sig-
nificant support for tighter abortion policies, 
but Governor Ron DeSantis said he hadn’t 
reviewed this specific proposal and the GOP 
House speaker was similarly noncommittal 
on Wednesday. 
The bill, proposed by state Representative 
Webster Barnaby, a Republican, would re-
quire doctors in Florida to perform tests to 
determine if a fetus has a detectable heart-
beat before performing an abortion. 
If a physician detects a heartbeat, accord-
ing to the bill, abortion would be prohibited. 
The measure also would allow doctors to be 
sued if suspected of performing an abortion 
after detecting a heartbeat, matching a pow-
erful provision in the Texas law, known as 
Senate Bill Eight, or SB–8. 
The bill appeared to be a clear example of 
a Texas copycat law in another large, GOP- 
controlled state. In the days after the Texas 
law took effect, abortion clinics turned away 
hundreds of patients. It was seen by abor-
tion-rights supporters as an end-run around 
Roe v. Wade, the 1973 Supreme Court deci-
sion that has been the foundation of abortion 
rights in the U.S. ever since. 
Florida’s Republican House Speaker Chris 
Sprowls said through a spokesman that he 
supported stricter abortion restrictions, but 
said that any bill brought to the floor would 
have to withstand judicial scrutiny. 
‘‘We look forward to bringing to the Floor 
a bill that saves every unborn life possible,’’ 
he said. ‘‘I have asked House Judiciary Com-
mittee Chairwoman Erin Grall and House 
Health & Human Services Chairwoman Col-
leen Burton to review the various proposals, 
look at other ideas, and take point on this 
issue this Session.’’ 
Still, the Florida proposal sparked imme-
diate condemnation from abortion rights ad-
vocates, who called legislation unconstitu-
tional and part of a flurry of harsh restric-
tions on women’s rights. 
‘‘We are horrified to see anti-choice politi-
cians in Florida following in Texas’ foot-
steps, and there’s no question that law-
makers hostile to reproductive freedom in 
other states will do the same,’’ Adrienne 
Kimmell, acting president of Naral Pro- 
Choice America, said in a statement. 
Early this month, a sharply divided U.S. 
Supreme Court refused to block the Texas 
law, which outlaws most abortions after six 
weeks of pregnancy. SB–8, bars abortion 
after a fetal heartbeat can be detected and 
puts clinics at risk of being shut down if 
they are found to be in violation. 
Asked about Barnaby’s bill on Wednesday 
in Kissimmee, Desantis said he considered 
his record ‘‘100% pro-life’’ but added that he 
had not seen it. 
Desantis, a Republican seen as a potential 
presidential 
candidate, 
has 
rejected 
coronavirus mask mandates and so-called 
vaccine passports, saying his position is 
largely about an individual’s right to deter-
mine their healthcare choices. He said 
Wednesday that the abortion question was 
different because ‘‘another life is at stake.’’ 
Democratic candidates vying to replace 
Desantis in the 2022 election firmly opposed 
the legislation. 
‘‘This is a direct attack on a woman’s right 
to choose,’’ Charlie Crist, a former governor, 
said on Twitter. ‘‘We’re going to have to 
fight tooth and nail to protect reproductive 
freedom.’’ 
Mrs. 
RODGERS 
of 
Washington. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. DEGETTE. Madam Speaker, I am 
ready to close, whenever the gentle-
woman is ready. I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
b 1045 
Mrs. 
RODGERS 
of 
Washington. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to 
the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. VAN 
DUYNE), who is a champion for life. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:02 Sep 25, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00019
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A24SE7.028
H24SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 18-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5156 
September 24, 2021 
Ms. VAN DUYNE. Madam Speaker, 
years ago, I, like many women, suf-
fered a miscarriage. I should have been 
able to hold my son in my arms, but 
that was not God’s plan. Years later, I 
still grieve that loss—and not the loss 
of a generic cluster of cells, but an ac-
tual baby who would have been about 
this size. My son had his own unique 
set of DNA, fingerprints, blood type, 
and a heartbeat—every marker that we 
use to identify a human being. 
Pregnancy is difficult on a policy and 
personal level, but to deny that a child 
growing inside a woman is nothing 
more than an inconvenience is to ig-
nore the value of life. Losing a child 
changed who I was, and it is the same 
for most women. We can’t pretend that 
this loss doesn’t have lifelong con-
sequences. 
Instead of promoting ways for women 
to end their pregnancies, we should be 
helping expectant mothers find the 
medical, emotional, and financial sup-
port they need. But that has never been 
the Democrats’ focus. The party that 
claims to protect women is actively 
supporting policies that devalue the 
lives of women and children across the 
globe. Their policies have turned the 
human trafficking of children into a 
multibillion dollar industry and sup-
ported a terrorist regime since Af-
ghanistan’s takeover that went from 
educating and valuing the contribution 
of women to whipping them in the 
streets. 
This bill is called the Women’s 
Health Protection Act. But make no 
mistake, Madam Speaker, no woman is 
protected under this bill. Rather, it au-
thorizes killing for the sake of conven-
ience. Innocent human lives are either 
valued or they are not. This bill is 
merely another example of the dehu-
manizing policy platform the Demo-
crats have adopted. America is founded 
on the protection of life. 
Madam Speaker, as a Texas woman, a 
mother, and an American, I encourage 
the Chamber to reject this barbaric bill 
and embrace life. 
Ms. DEGETTE. Madam Speaker, I 
continue to reserve the balance of my 
time. 
Mrs. 
RODGERS 
of 
Washington. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to 
the gentlewoman from Louisiana (Ms. 
LETLOW), who is the 31st pro-life Con-
gresswoman. 
Ms. LETLOW. Madam Speaker, I rise 
to offer an amendment to this bill. 
However, before I talk about the 
amendment, I think it is important for 
the House to note that the legislation 
before us is perhaps the most extreme 
abortion measure that Congress has 
ever considered. It will overturn count-
less protections for the unborn that 
States have already put into place, in-
cluding those in my home State of 
Louisiana. 
As both a woman and, most impor-
tantly, a mother of two children, I feel 
uniquely qualified to speak about this 
issue. I have experienced firsthand the 
miracle of life and know the incredible 
intricacy of how a child is formed in 
the womb. Intimately knowing the spe-
cial bond that grows between a mother 
and a child over those 9 months, I do 
not understand how we can pass this 
bill, a law that will allow an abortion 
to be performed up until the actual mo-
ment of birth, despite the fact that the 
child has a fully developed heart and 
can feel pain. 
The amendment I am bringing for-
ward is the text of the Born-Alive 
Abortion Survivors Protection Act in 
which my distinguished colleague from 
Missouri, ANN WAGNER, has been an 
outstanding leader. 
This amendment is simple, straight-
forward, and the right thing to do. It 
would ensure that newborn children 
who survive an abortion are given the 
same crucial, lifesaving medical care 
that any infant would receive. 
The most transformational moment 
in my life was when I held my two chil-
dren in my arms for the first time. I 
have always considered myself to be 
pro-life, but I never truly understood 
the sanctity of life until that moment. 
I can’t image why anybody would in-
tentionally deny a precious child tak-
ing 
his 
first 
beautiful, 
beautiful 
breaths of life the very care that would 
keep them alive. 
This language has received bipartisan 
support in the past, and I hope my col-
leagues across the aisle will join us in 
voting in favor of this important meas-
ure that will truly save the lives of 
countless children. 
Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous 
consent to include the text of the 
amendment 
in 
the 
RECORD
imme-
diately prior to the vote on the motion 
to recommit. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-
woman from Louisiana? 
There was no objection. 
Ms. DEGETTE. I continue to reserve 
the balance of my time, Madam Speak-
er. 
Mrs. 
RODGERS 
of 
Washington. 
Madam Speaker, I urge all of my col-
leagues to stop this bill. Open your 
minds to science and technology. Look 
and see the mysteries of the mother’s 
womb. Open your ears to the cries of 
the unborn. May hearts break, and may 
we celebrate life—life in the United 
States of America—life for the living 
and the unborn. 
Vote ‘‘no.’’ 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Ms. DEGETTE. Madam Speaker, I 
would like to thank JUDY CHU, the au-
thor of this legislation who has been 
fighting tirelessly for years, also BAR-
BARA
LEE, my co-chair of the Pro- 
Choice Caucus, and to all of our col-
leagues who value Americans’ freedoms 
and the freedom of women to have the 
full range of healthcare that they need. 
This bill codifies the content of the 
law of the land, Roe v. Wade, no more 
and no less. 
The overheated and incorrect rhet-
oric on the other side of the aisle is 
shameful. It is shameful because it de-
nies the freedom of all Americans to 
get the healthcare services that they 
need and to which they are entitled. 
Madam Speaker, we are a country of 
freedom, and we are a country of free-
dom of religion. As a practicing Chris-
tian, I am offended by the efforts on 
the other side of the aisle for people to 
impose their—their personal—religious 
views on me as a Christian. 
Every woman and every man in this 
country deserves the freedom to exer-
cise their religion and also to exercise 
their ability to get the healthcare that 
they need. 
For more than 50 years, as so many 
of 
my 
wonderful 
colleagues 
said, 
women across this country have had 
the right to get the abortion care they 
need because of a landmark decision 
made right across the street. But that 
right is being severely undermined in 
States across the country like Texas, 
Mississippi, and other States. 
For people in Texas and these other 
States, 50 years of precedent and 
healthcare access is being undermined 
as we speak. There are more than 500 
laws that have been introduced in 
States across this country that would 
restrict the ability of Americans to get 
the healthcare that they need and de-
serve. As a result, more than 90 percent 
of American counties no longer have 
abortion clinics. Some people might 
think that is good, but the vast major-
ity of Americans believe that it is the 
choice of a woman and her healthcare 
provider about what healthcare she 
should receive. 
So today, if the Justices across the 
street won’t act to protect this free-
dom of healthcare, this House of Rep-
resentatives will. 
I will say it again: the decision of a 
woman to have an abortion should be 
made between her and her doctor. The 
last thing the women in this country 
want is a bunch of politicians in Wash-
ington, D.C., or in Austin, Texas, or 
someone else telling them what their 
healthcare should be. 
So, therefore, let’s codify Roe v. 
Wade. Let’s codify these rights. Let’s 
stop the histrionics and inaccurate 
rhetoric. Let’s oppose the motion to re-
commit. Let’s support this wonderful 
bill, the Women’s Health Protection 
Act. 
Madam Speaker, I urge all of my col-
leagues to vote ‘‘yes’’, and I yield back 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. ISSA. Madam Speaker, I rise today to 
urge my colleagues and this House to oppose 
H.R. 3755. This legislation overrides nearly all 
pro-life protections on the books and codifies 
a federal right to abortion at any stage of 
pregnancy until birth. This bill isn’t just mis-
leading. It’s a radical departure from the na-
tional consensus that exists in America right 
now in favor of life. But if H.R. 3755 goes for-
ward, laws that protect unborn children with 
Down Syndrome and babies with other disabil-
ities go away everywhere. Laws allow parents 
to be involved in their minor children’s deci-
sion-making disappear. Laws that provide for 
medical consultations prior to this procedure— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:02 Sep 25, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00020
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\K24SE7.023
H24SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 19-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5157 
September 24, 2021 
gone. This isn’t just politics as usual. It’s a 
power play that targets the powerless. It 
should never come to this. There is a com-
mon-sense consensus on this issue. A great 
majority of the American people want to see 
life protected. This is worth the fight. This is 
the time to stand up for our most vulnerable. 
This is the time to reach for what matters 
most. This is the time to choose life. H.R. 
3755 must not become law of the land. 
Ms. ADAMS. Madam Speaker, I want to 
amplify the voice of Calla Hales, a woman in 
my district who is both an abortion care pro-
vider, and a mother. 
‘‘Last year, I made the choice to have a 
child with my husband. 
What I didn’t choose was prenatal check-
ups with COVID precautions. I didn’t choose 
the complications I had during my preg-
nancy. I didn’t choose delivering my amazing 
baby girl without my family because the 
pandemic limited the visitors in the mater-
nity ward. 
I didn’t choose worrying every day if she 
would be safe from the coronavirus, despite 
her pulmonary issues. 
I am proud of the choice that I made, in 
spite of everything that’s gone wrong over 
the past two years. 
But no one should ever be forced to make 
that choice. No person should be forced to 
carry a pregnancy to term, during a global 
pandemic, or any other time.’’ 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Madam Speaker, I 
rise in strong support of H.R. 3755, the Wom-
en’s Health Protection Act. I want to thank my 
colleague Rep. JUDY CHU for leading the 
charge on this important legislation to protect 
the full range of health care, including abor-
tion. 
Every American deserves to live a safe and 
healthy life, and that means ensuring that ev-
eryone has access to the health services they 
need 
including 
contraceptives, 
checkups, 
abortion care, cancer screenings, pre-natal 
visits and more. The full range of health care. 
But too often in America access to high-qual-
ity, affordable health care has been limited 
due to racial disparities or economic dispari-
ties or where someone lives. 
I’m really proud of what Democrats have 
done over the decades to improve the lives of 
American families and improve their health 
care, Medicare, Medicaid, the Affordable Care 
Act and children’s health insurance, but we’re 
in a moment in time where there’s a radical 
fringe trying to take over these decisions. 
We must remember that the decision about 
when, whether or how to become a parent is 
a deeply personal life decision. It’s a decision 
for a person and their family; it is not a deci-
sion for politicians in Washington or in state 
capitols across this country. Americans do not 
want to outsource these important funda-
mental life decisions to politicians. And I hope 
we can agree that we should not treat people 
differently just because they are working to 
make ends meet, or because of the color of 
their skin or where they live. As fundamental 
human dignity means being able to make de-
cisions about your pathway in life, being able 
to determine your own pathway in life for your-
self, not have it be made by some politician. 
I have to say it is so alarming to see this rad-
ical move by Republicans in Congress and in 
the recent extreme new law in Texas that 
would effectively ban abortion. 
For too long, we have seen Republicans 
across this country attack family planning and 
reproductive health care, including abortion 
and contraceptives. It’s radical and it’s wrong. 
Well good news, we are going to do our job 
as members of Congress today to put peo-
ple’s health, safety and real needs first. We’ve 
got to ensure that all people no matter who 
they are, where they live and how much they 
make and the color of their skin, have access 
to reproductive health care—including abor-
tion—that they need, and they deserve. 
I urge my colleagues to make health care 
accessible to all Americans by supporting H.R. 
3755. 
Mr. LATTA. Madam Speaker, the Women’s 
Health Protection Act (H.R. 3755)—otherwise 
known as the Abortion on Demand Act—is an 
extreme measure that would impose abortion 
on demand nationwide, at any stage of preg-
nancy, through federal statute. This would re-
sult in the elimination of every state’s pro-life 
laws and protections. Overriding state pro-life 
laws and prohibiting states from enacting leg-
islation protecting unborn children would make 
protections for babies with Down syndrome 
and other disabilities illegal. Plain and simple, 
this legislation is extreme. 
This legislation is radically out of step with 
the American public, who do not support abor-
tions with no limits. According to the Associ-
ated Press, 80 percent of Americans say abor-
tion should be illegal in the third trimester. 
This bill would create a national standard to 
allow for abortions of unborn children for any 
reason and at any stage of pregnancy up until 
birth. A better and more accurate name for 
this bill would be the Abortion on Demand until 
Birth Act—because it is clear the focus of this 
bill is not protecting women’s health like the 
current name suggests. 
Abortion ends the life of a whole, separate, 
unique, living human being. Tragically, abor-
tion continues to put women in danger, takes 
the life of innocent children, and fails to recog-
nize the dignity of all lives, regardless of how 
small. I adamantly oppose this legislation and 
any legislation that fails to protect the unborn. 
Ms. MOORE of Wisconsin. Madam Speak-
er, abortion care is healthcare. 
The Women’s Health Protection Act protects 
the right of healthcare providers to provide 
abortion care free from undue burdens. 
This bill is needed now more than ever with 
Texas creating the harshest most inhumane 
abortion ban. And for all the men in this 
room—that is one missed period. One. 
And frankly, I’m old enough to remember 
what this country looked like before Roe . . . 
Such draconian laws disproportionally im-
pact Black, indigenous, LGBTQ+ individuals, 
and especially those experiencing domestic vi-
olence and sexual assault. 
Abortion care is essential. Period. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. 
JACKSON LEE). All time for debate has 
expired. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 667, 
the previous question is ordered on the 
bill, as amended. 
The question is on the engrossment 
and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the 
third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT 
Ms. LETLOW. Madam Speaker, I 
have a motion to recommit at the 
desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the motion to recom-
mit. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Ms. Letlow moves to recommit the bill 
H.R. 3755 to the Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. 
The material previously referred to 
by Ms. LETLOW is as follows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following 
new section: 
SECTION 10. BORN-ALIVE ABORTION SURVIVORS 
PROTECTION. 
(a) SHORT
TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Born-Alive Abortion Survivors 
Protection Act’’. 
(b) FINDINGS; CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY.— 
(1) FINDINGS.—Congress finds as follows: 
(A) If an abortion results in the live birth 
of an infant, the infant is a legal person for 
all purposes under the laws of the United 
States, and entitled to all the protections of 
such laws. 
(B) Any infant born alive after an abortion 
or within a hospital, clinic, or other facility 
has the same claim to the protection of the 
law that would arise for any newborn, or for 
any person who comes to a hospital, clinic, 
or other facility for screening and treatment 
or otherwise becomes a patient within its 
care. 
(2) CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY.—In accord-
ance with the above findings, Congress en-
acts the following pursuant to Congress’ 
power under— 
(A) section 5 of the 14th Amendment, in-
cluding the power to enforce the prohibition 
on government action denying equal protec-
tion of the laws; and 
(B) section 8 of article I to make all laws 
necessary and proper for carrying into execu-
tion the powers vested by the Constitution of 
the United States, including the power to 
regulate commerce under clause 3 of such 
section. 
(c) BORN-ALIVE INFANTS PROTECTION.— 
(1) REQUIREMENTS
PERTAINING
TO
BORN- 
ALIVE
ABORTION
SURVIVORS.—Chapter 74 of 
title 18, United States Code, is amended by 
inserting after section 1531 the following: 
‘‘§ 1532. Requirements pertaining to born- 
alive abortion survivors 
‘‘(a) 
REQUIREMENTS
FOR
HEALTH
CARE 
PRACTITIONERS.—In the case of an abortion 
or attempted abortion that results in a child 
born alive (as defined in section 8 of title 1, 
United States Code (commonly known as the 
‘Born-Alive Infants Protection Act’)): 
‘‘(1) DEGREE OF CARE REQUIRED; IMMEDIATE 
ADMISSION TO A HOSPITAL.—Any health care 
practitioner present at the time the child is 
born alive shall— 
‘‘(A) exercise the same degree of profes-
sional skill, care, and diligence to preserve 
the life and health of the child as a reason-
ably diligent and conscientious health care 
practitioner would render to any other child 
born alive at the same gestational age; and 
‘‘(B) following the exercise of skill, care, 
and diligence required under subparagraph 
(A), ensure that the child born alive is imme-
diately transported and admitted to a hos-
pital. 
‘‘(2) 
MANDATORY
REPORTING
OF
VIOLA-
TIONS.—A health care practitioner or any 
employee of a hospital, a physician’s office, 
or an abortion clinic who has knowledge of a 
failure to comply with the requirements of 
paragraph (1) shall immediately report the 
failure to an appropriate State or Federal 
law enforcement agency, or to both. 
‘‘(b) PENALTIES.— 
‘‘(1) IN
GENERAL.—Whoever violates sub-
section (a) shall be fined under this title or 
imprisoned for not more than 5 years, or 
both. 
‘‘(2) INTENTIONAL
KILLING
OF
CHILD
BORN 
ALIVE.—Whoever intentionally performs or 
attempts to perform an overt act that kills 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:02 Sep 25, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00021
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A24SE7.021
H24SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 20-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5158 
September 24, 2021 
a child born alive described under subsection 
(a), shall be punished as under section 1111 of 
this title for intentionally killing or at-
tempting to kill a human being. 
‘‘(c) BAR TO PROSECUTION.—The mother of a 
child born alive described under subsection 
(a) may not be prosecuted under this section, 
for conspiracy to violate this section, or for 
an offense under section 3 or 4 of this title 
based on such a violation. 
‘‘(d) CIVIL REMEDIES.— 
‘‘(1) CIVIL ACTION BY A WOMAN ON WHOM AN 
ABORTION IS PERFORMED.—If a child is born 
alive and there is a violation of subsection 
(a), the woman upon whom the abortion was 
performed or attempted may, in a civil ac-
tion against any person who committed the 
violation, obtain appropriate relief. 
‘‘(2) APPROPRIATE RELIEF.—Appropriate re-
lief in a civil action under this subsection in-
cludes— 
‘‘(A) objectively verifiable money damage 
for all injuries, psychological and physical, 
occasioned by the violation of subsection (a); 
‘‘(B) statutory damages equal to 3 times 
the cost of the abortion or attempted abor-
tion; and 
‘‘(C) punitive damages. 
‘‘(3) ATTORNEY’S FEE FOR PLAINTIFF.—The 
court shall award a reasonable attorney’s fee 
to a prevailing plaintiff in a civil action 
under this subsection. 
‘‘(4) ATTORNEY’S FEE FOR DEFENDANT.—If a 
defendant in a civil action under this sub-
section prevails and the court finds that the 
plaintiff’s suit was frivolous, the court shall 
award a reasonable attorney’s fee in favor of 
the defendant against the plaintiff. 
‘‘(e) DEFINITIONS.—In this section the fol-
lowing definitions apply: 
‘‘(1) ABORTION.—The term ‘abortion’ means 
the use or prescription of any instrument, 
medicine, drug, or any other substance or de-
vice— 
‘‘(A) to intentionally kill the unborn child 
of a woman known to be pregnant; or 
‘‘(B) to intentionally terminate the preg-
nancy of a woman known to be pregnant, 
with an intention other than— 
‘‘(i) after viability, to produce a live birth 
and preserve the life and health of the child 
born alive; or 
‘‘(ii) to remove a dead unborn child. 
‘‘(2) ATTEMPT.—The term ‘attempt’, with 
respect to an abortion, means conduct that, 
under the circumstances as the actor be-
lieves them to be, constitutes a substantial 
step in a course of conduct planned to cul-
minate in performing an abortion.’’. 
(2) CLERICAL
AMENDMENT.—The table of 
sections for chapter 74 of title 18, United 
States Code, is amended by inserting after 
the item pertaining to section 1531 the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘1532. Requirements pertaining to born-alive 
abortion survivors.’’. 
(3) CHAPTER HEADING AMENDMENTS.— 
(A) CHAPTER
HEADING
IN
CHAPTER.—The 
chapter heading for chapter 74 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended by striking 
‘‘Partial-Birth 
Abortions’’ 
and 
inserting 
‘‘Abortions’’. 
(B) TABLE OF CHAPTERS FOR PART I.—The 
item relating to chapter 74 in the table of 
chapters at the beginning of part I of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended by striking 
‘‘Partial-Birth 
Abortions’’ 
and 
inserting 
‘‘Abortions’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 2(b) of rule XIX, the pre-
vious question is ordered on the motion 
to recommit. 
The question is on the motion to re-
commit. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that 
the noes appeared to have it. 
Ms. LETLOW. Madam Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 3(s) of House Resolution 
8, the yeas and nays are ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 210, nays 
219, not voting 2, as follows: 
[Roll No. 294] 
YEAS—210 
Aderholt 
Allen 
Amodei 
Armstrong 
Arrington 
Babin 
Bacon 
Baird 
Balderson 
Banks 
Barr 
Bentz 
Bergman 
Bice (OK) 
Biggs 
Bilirakis 
Bishop (NC) 
Boebert 
Bost 
Brady 
Brooks 
Buchanan 
Buck 
Bucshon 
Budd 
Burchett 
Burgess 
Calvert 
Cammack 
Carl 
Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) 
Cawthorn 
Chabot 
Cline 
Cloud 
Clyde 
Cole 
Comer 
Crawford 
Crenshaw 
Curtis 
Davidson 
Davis, Rodney 
DesJarlais 
Diaz-Balart 
Donalds 
Duncan 
Dunn 
Ellzey 
Emmer 
Estes 
Fallon 
Feenstra 
Ferguson 
Fischbach 
Fitzgerald 
Fitzpatrick 
Fleischmann 
Fortenberry 
Foxx 
Franklin, C. 
Scott 
Fulcher 
Gaetz 
Gallagher 
Garbarino 
Garcia (CA) 
Gibbs 
Gimenez 
Gohmert 
Gonzales, Tony 
Gonzalez (OH) 
Good (VA) 
Gooden (TX) 
Gosar 
Granger 
Graves (LA) 
Graves (MO) 
Green (TN) 
Greene (GA) 
Griffith 
Grothman 
Guest 
Guthrie 
Hagedorn 
Harris 
Harshbarger 
Hartzler 
Hern 
Herrell 
Herrera Beutler 
Hice (GA) 
Higgins (LA) 
Hill 
Hinson 
Hollingsworth 
Hudson 
Huizenga 
Issa 
Jackson 
Jacobs (NY) 
Johnson (LA) 
Johnson (OH) 
Johnson (SD) 
Jordan 
Joyce (OH) 
Joyce (PA) 
Katko 
Keller 
Kelly (MS) 
Kelly (PA) 
Kim (CA) 
Kinzinger 
Kustoff 
LaHood 
LaMalfa 
Lamborn 
Latta 
LaTurner 
Letlow 
Long 
Loudermilk 
Lucas 
Luetkemeyer 
Mace 
Malliotakis 
Mann 
Massie 
Mast 
McCarthy 
McCaul 
McClain 
McClintock 
McHenry 
McKinley 
Meijer 
Meuser 
Miller (IL) 
Miller (WV) 
Miller-Meeks 
Moolenaar 
Mooney 
Moore (AL) 
Moore (UT) 
Mullin 
Murphy (NC) 
Nehls 
Newhouse 
Norman 
Nunes 
Obernolte 
Owens 
Palazzo 
Palmer 
Pence 
Perry 
Pfluger 
Posey 
Reed 
Reschenthaler 
Rice (SC) 
Rodgers (WA) 
Rogers (AL) 
Rogers (KY) 
Rose 
Rosendale 
Rouzer 
Roy 
Rutherford 
Salazar 
Scalise 
Schweikert 
Scott, Austin 
Sessions 
Simpson 
Smith (MO) 
Smith (NE) 
Smith (NJ) 
Smucker 
Spartz 
Stauber 
Steel 
Stefanik 
Steil 
Steube 
Stewart 
Taylor 
Tenney 
Thompson (PA) 
Tiffany 
Timmons 
Turner 
Upton 
Valadao 
Van Drew 
Van Duyne 
Wagner 
Walberg 
Walorski 
Waltz 
Weber (TX) 
Webster (FL) 
Wenstrup 
Westerman 
Williams (TX) 
Wilson (SC) 
Wittman 
Womack 
Young 
Zeldin 
NAYS—219 
Adams 
Aguilar 
Allred 
Auchincloss 
Axne 
Barraga´n 
Bass 
Beatty 
Bera 
Beyer 
Bishop (GA) 
Blumenauer 
Blunt Rochester 
Bonamici 
Bourdeaux 
Bowman 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brown 
Brownley 
Bush 
Bustos 
Butterfield 
Carbajal 
Ca´rdenas 
Carson 
Carter (LA) 
Cartwright 
Case 
Casten 
Castor (FL) 
Castro (TX) 
Chu 
Cicilline 
Clark (MA) 
Clarke (NY) 
Cleaver 
Clyburn 
Cohen 
Connolly 
Cooper 
Correa 
Costa 
Courtney 
Craig 
Crist 
Crow 
Cuellar 
Davids (KS) 
Davis, Danny K. 
Dean 
DeFazio 
DeGette 
DeLauro 
DelBene 
Delgado 
Demings 
DeSaulnier 
Deutch 
Dingell 
Doggett 
Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Escobar 
Eshoo 
Espaillat 
Evans 
Fletcher 
Foster 
Frankel, Lois 
Gallego 
Garamendi 
Garcı´a (IL) 
Garcia (TX) 
Golden 
Gomez 
Gonzalez, 
Vicente 
Gottheimer 
Green, Al (TX) 
Grijalva 
Harder (CA) 
Hayes 
Higgins (NY) 
Himes 
Horsford 
Houlahan 
Hoyer 
Huffman 
Jackson Lee 
Jacobs (CA) 
Jayapal 
Jeffries 
Johnson (GA) 
Johnson (TX) 
Jones 
Kahele 
Kaptur 
Keating 
Kelly (IL) 
Khanna 
Kildee 
Kilmer 
Kim (NJ) 
Kind 
Kirkpatrick 
Krishnamoorthi 
Kuster 
Lamb 
Langevin 
Larsen (WA) 
Larson (CT) 
Lawrence 
Lawson (FL) 
Lee (CA) 
Lee (NV) 
Leger Fernandez 
Levin (CA) 
Levin (MI) 
Lieu 
Lofgren 
Lowenthal 
Luria 
Lynch 
Malinowski 
Maloney, 
Carolyn B. 
Maloney, Sean 
Manning 
Matsui 
McBath 
McCollum 
McEachin 
McGovern 
McNerney 
Meeks 
Meng 
Mfume 
Moore (WI) 
Morelle 
Moulton 
Mrvan 
Murphy (FL) 
Nadler 
Napolitano 
Neal 
Neguse 
Newman 
Norcross 
O’Halleran 
Ocasio-Cortez 
Omar 
Pallone 
Panetta 
Pappas 
Pascrell 
Payne 
Perlmutter 
Peters 
Phillips 
Pingree 
Pocan 
Porter 
Pressley 
Price (NC) 
Quigley 
Raskin 
Rice (NY) 
Ross 
Roybal-Allard 
Ruiz 
Ruppersberger 
Rush 
Ryan 
Sa´nchez 
Sarbanes 
Scanlon 
Schakowsky 
Schiff 
Schneider 
Schrader 
Schrier 
Scott (VA) 
Scott, David 
Sewell 
Sherman 
Sherrill 
Sires 
Slotkin 
Smith (WA) 
Soto 
Spanberger 
Speier 
Stansbury 
Stanton 
Stevens 
Strickland 
Suozzi 
Swalwell 
Takano 
Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) 
Titus 
Tlaib 
Tonko 
Torres (CA) 
Torres (NY) 
Trahan 
Trone 
Underwood 
Vargas 
Veasey 
Vela 
Vela´zquez 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters 
Watson Coleman 
Welch 
Wexton 
Wild 
Williams (GA) 
Wilson (FL) 
Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—2 
Cheney 
Lesko 
b 1125 
Mses. 
SPEIER, 
LEGER 
FERNANDEZ, 
Mrs. 
CAROLYN 
B. 
MALONEY of New York, Mses. CLARK 
of Massachusetts, HOULAHAN, Messrs. 
GOMEZ, TRONE, Ms. KUSTER, Mr. 
DELGADO, 
Mses. 
JAYAPAL 
and 
SPANBERGER 
changed 
their 
vote 
from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mrs. GREENE of Georgia and Mr. 
RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois changed 
their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the motion to recommit was re-
jected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
MEMBERS RECORDED PURSUANT TO HOUSE 
RESOLUTION 8, 117TH CONGRESS 
Babin (Nehls) 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. (Jeffries) 
Carter (GA) 
(Rodgers (WA)) 
Carter (TX) 
(Calvert) 
Craig 
(McCollum) 
DeSaulnier 
(Thompson 
(CA)) 
DesJarlais 
(Fleischmann) 
Escobar (Garcia 
(TX)) 
Frankel, Lois 
(Clark (MA)) 
Fulcher (Johnson 
(OH)) 
Gaetz (Greene 
(GA)) 
Gallego (Gomez) 
Gimenez (Waltz) 
Gonzalez (OH) 
(Timmons) 
Gosar (Boebert) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:02 Sep 25, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00022
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A24SE7.010
H24SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 21-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5159 
September 24, 2021 
Grijalva (Garcı´a 
(IL)) 
Higgins (NY) 
(Tonko) 
Himes (Hayes) 
Johnson (TX) 
(Jeffries) 
Kim (NJ) 
(Underwood) 
Kirkpatrick 
(Levin (CA)) 
Larson (CT) 
(DeLauro) 
Latta (Walberg) 
Lawson (FL) 
(Evans) 
Levin (MI) 
(Raskin) 
McEachin 
(Wexton) 
McHenry (Banks) 
Meng (Jeffries) 
Morelle (Tonko) 
Napolitano 
(Correa) 
Neal (McGovern) 
Payne 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Perlmutter 
(Neguse) 
Peters (Rice 
(NY)) 
Porter (Wexton) 
Reschenthaler 
(Meuser) 
Rice (SC) 
(Timmons) 
Rush 
(Underwood) 
Ryan (Kildee) 
Sewell (Cicilline) 
Sires (Pallone) 
Stanton (Levin 
(CA)) 
Stefanik (Miller- 
Meeks) 
Steube 
(Franklin, 
Scott C.) 
Strickland 
(Torres (NY)) 
Wagner 
(Walorski) 
Wilson (FL) 
(Hayes) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. LEE 
of California). The question is on the 
passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that 
the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mrs. 
RODGERS 
of 
Washington. 
Madam Speaker, on that I demand the 
yeas and nays. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 3(s) of House Resolution 
8, the yeas and nays are ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 218, nays 
211, not voting 3, as follows: 
[Roll No. 295] 
YEAS—218 
Adams 
Aguilar 
Allred 
Auchincloss 
Axne 
Barraga´n 
Bass 
Beatty 
Bera 
Beyer 
Bishop (GA) 
Blumenauer 
Blunt Rochester 
Bonamici 
Bourdeaux 
Bowman 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brown 
Brownley 
Bush 
Bustos 
Butterfield 
Carbajal 
Ca´rdenas 
Carson 
Carter (LA) 
Cartwright 
Case 
Casten 
Castor (FL) 
Castro (TX) 
Chu 
Cicilline 
Clark (MA) 
Clarke (NY) 
Cleaver 
Clyburn 
Cohen 
Connolly 
Cooper 
Correa 
Costa 
Courtney 
Craig 
Crist 
Crow 
Davids (KS) 
Davis, Danny K. 
Dean 
DeFazio 
DeGette 
DeLauro 
DelBene 
Delgado 
Demings 
DeSaulnier 
Deutch 
Dingell 
Doggett 
Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Escobar 
Eshoo 
Espaillat 
Evans 
Fletcher 
Foster 
Frankel, Lois 
Gallego 
Garamendi 
Garcı´a (IL) 
Garcia (TX) 
Golden 
Gomez 
Gonzalez, 
Vicente 
Gottheimer 
Green, Al (TX) 
Grijalva 
Harder (CA) 
Hayes 
Higgins (NY) 
Himes 
Horsford 
Houlahan 
Hoyer 
Huffman 
Jackson Lee 
Jacobs (CA) 
Jayapal 
Jeffries 
Johnson (GA) 
Johnson (TX) 
Jones 
Kahele 
Kaptur 
Keating 
Kelly (IL) 
Khanna 
Kildee 
Kilmer 
Kim (NJ) 
Kind 
Kirkpatrick 
Krishnamoorthi 
Kuster 
Lamb 
Langevin 
Larsen (WA) 
Larson (CT) 
Lawrence 
Lee (CA) 
Lee (NV) 
Leger Fernandez 
Levin (CA) 
Levin (MI) 
Lieu 
Lofgren 
Lowenthal 
Luria 
Lynch 
Malinowski 
Maloney, 
Carolyn B. 
Maloney, Sean 
Manning 
Matsui 
McBath 
McCollum 
McEachin 
McGovern 
McNerney 
Meeks 
Meng 
Mfume 
Moore (WI) 
Morelle 
Moulton 
Mrvan 
Murphy (FL) 
Nadler 
Napolitano 
Neal 
Neguse 
Newman 
Norcross 
O’Halleran 
Ocasio-Cortez 
Omar 
Pallone 
Panetta 
Pappas 
Pascrell 
Payne 
Pelosi 
Perlmutter 
Peters 
Phillips 
Pingree 
Pocan 
Porter 
Pressley 
Price (NC) 
Quigley 
Raskin 
Rice (NY) 
Ross 
Roybal-Allard 
Ruiz 
Ruppersberger 
Rush 
Ryan 
Sa´nchez 
Sarbanes 
Scanlon 
Schakowsky 
Schiff 
Schneider 
Schrader 
Schrier 
Scott (VA) 
Scott, David 
Sewell 
Sherman 
Sherrill 
Sires 
Slotkin 
Smith (WA) 
Soto 
Spanberger 
Speier 
Stansbury 
Stanton 
Stevens 
Strickland 
Suozzi 
Swalwell 
Takano 
Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) 
Titus 
Tlaib 
Tonko 
Torres (CA) 
Torres (NY) 
Trahan 
Trone 
Underwood 
Vargas 
Veasey 
Vela 
Vela´zquez 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters 
Watson Coleman 
Welch 
Wexton 
Wild 
Williams (GA) 
Wilson (FL) 
Yarmuth 
NAYS—211 
Aderholt 
Allen 
Amodei 
Armstrong 
Arrington 
Babin 
Bacon 
Baird 
Balderson 
Banks 
Barr 
Bentz 
Bergman 
Bice (OK) 
Biggs 
Bilirakis 
Bishop (NC) 
Boebert 
Bost 
Brady 
Brooks 
Buchanan 
Buck 
Bucshon 
Budd 
Burchett 
Burgess 
Calvert 
Cammack 
Carl 
Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) 
Cawthorn 
Chabot 
Cline 
Cloud 
Clyde 
Cole 
Comer 
Crawford 
Crenshaw 
Cuellar 
Curtis 
Davidson 
Davis, Rodney 
DesJarlais 
Diaz-Balart 
Donalds 
Duncan 
Dunn 
Ellzey 
Emmer 
Estes 
Fallon 
Feenstra 
Ferguson 
Fischbach 
Fitzgerald 
Fitzpatrick 
Fleischmann 
Fortenberry 
Foxx 
Franklin, C. 
Scott 
Fulcher 
Gaetz 
Gallagher 
Garbarino 
Garcia (CA) 
Gibbs 
Gimenez 
Gohmert 
Gonzales, Tony 
Gonzalez (OH) 
Good (VA) 
Gooden (TX) 
Gosar 
Granger 
Graves (LA) 
Graves (MO) 
Green (TN) 
Greene (GA) 
Griffith 
Grothman 
Guest 
Guthrie 
Hagedorn 
Harris 
Harshbarger 
Hartzler 
Hern 
Herrell 
Herrera Beutler 
Hice (GA) 
Higgins (LA) 
Hill 
Hinson 
Hollingsworth 
Hudson 
Huizenga 
Issa 
Jackson 
Jacobs (NY) 
Johnson (LA) 
Johnson (OH) 
Johnson (SD) 
Jordan 
Joyce (OH) 
Joyce (PA) 
Katko 
Keller 
Kelly (MS) 
Kelly (PA) 
Kim (CA) 
Kinzinger 
Kustoff 
LaHood 
LaMalfa 
Lamborn 
Latta 
LaTurner 
Letlow 
Long 
Loudermilk 
Lucas 
Luetkemeyer 
Mace 
Malliotakis 
Mann 
Massie 
Mast 
McCarthy 
McCaul 
McClain 
McClintock 
McHenry 
McKinley 
Meijer 
Meuser 
Miller (IL) 
Miller (WV) 
Miller-Meeks 
Moolenaar 
Mooney 
Moore (AL) 
Moore (UT) 
Mullin 
Murphy (NC) 
Nehls 
Newhouse 
Norman 
Nunes 
Obernolte 
Owens 
Palazzo 
Palmer 
Pence 
Perry 
Pfluger 
Posey 
Reed 
Reschenthaler 
Rice (SC) 
Rodgers (WA) 
Rogers (AL) 
Rogers (KY) 
Rose 
Rosendale 
Rouzer 
Roy 
Rutherford 
Salazar 
Scalise 
Schweikert 
Scott, Austin 
Sessions 
Simpson 
Smith (MO) 
Smith (NE) 
Smith (NJ) 
Smucker 
Spartz 
Stauber 
Steel 
Stefanik 
Steil 
Steube 
Stewart 
Taylor 
Tenney 
Thompson (PA) 
Tiffany 
Timmons 
Turner 
Upton 
Valadao 
Van Drew 
Van Duyne 
Wagner 
Walberg 
Walorski 
Waltz 
Weber (TX) 
Webster (FL) 
Wenstrup 
Westerman 
Williams (TX) 
Wilson (SC) 
Wittman 
Womack 
Young 
Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—3 
Cheney 
Lawson (FL) 
Lesko 
b 1153 
Mr. CHABOT changed his vote from 
‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
So the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Mr. LAWSON of Florida. Madam Speaker, 
the Member, who is my designated proxy, did 
not submit my vote as instructed on Sep-
tember 24, 2021. Had I been present, I would 
have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 295, passage 
of H.R. 3755, the Women’s Health Protection 
Act. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
Ms. CHENEY. Madam Speaker, on Friday, 
September 24, 2021, I was attending a funeral 
in Wyoming and was absent for votes. Had I 
been present, I would have voted: yea on roll-
call No. 294 and nay on rollcall No. 295. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
Mrs. LESKO. Madam Speaker, had I been 
present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall 
No. 294 and ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 295. 
MEMBERS RECORDED PURSUANT TO HOUSE 
RESOLUTION 8, 117TH CONGRESS 
Babin (Nehls) 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. (Jeffries) 
Carter (GA) 
(Rodgers (WA)) 
Carter (TX) 
(Calvert) 
Craig 
(McCollum) 
DeSaulnier 
(Thompson 
(CA)) 
DesJarlais 
(Fleischmann) 
Escobar (Garcia 
(TX)) 
Frankel, Lois 
(Clark (MA)) 
Fulcher (Johnson 
(OH)) 
Gaetz (Greene 
(GA)) 
Gallego (Gomez) 
Gimenez (Waltz) 
Gonzalez (OH) 
(Timmons) 
Gosar (Boebert) 
Grijalva (Garcı´a 
(IL)) 
Higgins (NY) 
(Tonko) 
Himes (Hayes) 
Johnson (TX) 
(Jeffries) 
Kim (NJ) 
(Underwood) 
Kirkpatrick 
(Levin (CA)) 
Larson (CT) 
(DeLauro) 
Latta (Walberg) 
Levin (MI) 
(Raskin) 
McEachin 
(Wexton) 
McHenry (Banks) 
Meng (Jeffries) 
Morelle (Tonko) 
Napolitano 
(Correa) 
Neal (McGovern) 
Payne 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Perlmutter 
(Neguse) 
Peters (Rice 
(NY)) 
Porter (Wexton) 
Reschenthaler 
(Meuser) 
Rice (SC) 
(Timmons) 
Rush 
(Underwood) 
Ryan (Kildee) 
Sewell (Cicilline) 
Sires (Pallone) 
Stanton (Levin 
(CA)) 
Stefanik (Miller- 
Meeks) 
Steube 
(Franklin, 
Scott C.) 
Strickland 
(Torres (NY)) 
Wagner 
(Walorski) 
Wilson (FL) 
(Hayes) 
f 
b 1200 
LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM 
(Mr. SCALISE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute.) 
Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
inquire of the majority leader the 
schedule for next week. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield formally to the 
gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER), 
my friend, the majority leader. 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, on Mon-
day, the House will meet at 12 p.m. for 
morning-hour and 2 p.m. for legislative 
business, with votes postponed until 
6:30 p.m. 
On Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thurs-
day, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for 
morning-hour and 12 p.m. for legisla-
tive business. 
On Friday, the House will meet at 9 
a.m. for legislative business. 
Mr. Speaker, the House will consider 
several bills under suspension of the 
rules. The complete list of suspension 
bills will be announced by the close of 
business today. 
Mr. Speaker, the Budget Committee 
has announced a markup for the Build 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:02 Sep 25, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00023
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A24SE7.008
H24SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 22-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5160 
September 24, 2021 
Back Better Act for tomorrow and Sat-
urday. It is my intention to bring it to 
the floor next week. 
This legislation will help move tens 
of millions of Americans closer to eco-
nomic security while also making 
transformational investments in mak-
ing childcare more affordable, helping 
Americans access healthcare, and ad-
dressing climate change with the seri-
ousness that it deserves and demands. 
On September 27, pursuant to the 
rule passed on August 24, the House 
will consider the Infrastructure Invest-
ment and Jobs Act. This legislation 
passed the Senate on a bipartisan basis 
last month and would create millions 
of good jobs all across America by in-
vesting in critical infrastructure. 
That bill and the Build Back Better 
America Act are the essence of the vi-
sion and program that has been pro-
posed by President Biden, which, as I 
said, will grow millions of jobs and 
make the lives of Americans more se-
cure and safer. 
Mr. Speaker, if time allows, the 
House may also consider three bills 
from the Committee on Education and 
Labor: 
H.R. 3110, the PUMP for Nursing 
Mothers Act, which amends the Fair 
Labor Standards Act to provide work-
place protections for mothers to pump 
breast milk in the workplace. 
H.R. 3992, the Protect Older Job Ap-
plicants Act, which allows applicants 
to bring a disparate claim under the 
Age Discrimination in Employment 
Act of 1967 when they experience age 
discrimination while seeking a job. 
In addition, H.R. 2119, the Family Vi-
olence Prevention and Services Im-
provement Act of 2021, which modifies, 
expands, and reauthorizes the fiscal 
year 2026 Family Violence and Preven-
tion Services program, which funds 
emergency shelters and supports re-
lated assistance for victims of domes-
tic violence. 
Mr. Speaker, lastly, there may be ad-
ditional legislative items as possible 
and as necessary. 
Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman. 
As it relates to the reconciliation bill 
that the Budget Committee will be 
taking up tomorrow, the initial esti-
mates on that bill are that it would, 
roughly, add up to be about $3.5 trillion 
in new taxes and spending. 
There are now estimates that that 
number will mushroom to well over 
$4.2, $4.3 trillion or higher, but we still 
don’t have a CBO score on the lion’s 
share of that legislation. The word we 
are getting from CBO, it may be weeks 
or months that we would get that 
score. 
Does the gentleman know what the 
timeline is for getting an actual esti-
mate from CBO on what the cost of 
that legislation is and will be, come to-
morrow, when the Budget Committee 
takes it up? 
Mr. HOYER. The Budget Committee 
is going to take it up tomorrow. They 
don’t need a CBO score for that. The 
Budget Committee chairman is seeking 
a CBO score as soon as that can be at-
tained, but I don’t know that par-
ticular date that that will occur. 
Clearly, this bill has been under con-
sideration for a very long period of 
time, and the President proposed it a 
very long time ago, in the early part of 
this year. So it is something that the 
CBO has been considering, that the 
committee has been considering. Hope-
fully, the CBO can produce a score rel-
atively quickly. But I don’t, in answer 
to the gentleman’s question, have a 
specific time or date. 
Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman. 
Then last week, I think we had about 
a dozen committees in Congress that 
took up different parts of that bill. Un-
fortunately, it seems that the cost 
keeps going up. 
Could we get an assurance that be-
fore the bill actually comes to the floor 
for a vote before this House, we would 
get a CBO score to know how many 
trillions of dollars in new taxes and in 
new spending would be included and 
voted on before the House? 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, it is my 
expectation that we will be getting a 
score. I want to tell the gentleman it is 
also my understanding that the ex-
penditures that will be proposed will be 
paid for. 
Mr. SCALISE. And, obviously, paid 
for would include new taxes— 
Mr. HOYER. New revenue. 
Mr. SCALISE.—including things like 
that are in this bill. There is a tax on 
natural gas, which every family in 
America that uses natural gas to heat 
their homes in winter or cool their 
homes in summer would have to pay. 
I know that President Biden had 
committed that nobody making under 
$400,000 would pay any new amount in 
taxes. Clearly, that provision of the 
bill would violate President Biden’s 
pledge. 
I am not sure if the gentleman an-
ticipates new taxes like that being re-
moved from the bill so that the Presi-
dent’s pledge would not be violated. 
If you have any insight on that, I 
would be happy to yield. 
Mr. HOYER. As I said, the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means and the 
Committee on Finance have worked on 
revenues to pay for what we are going 
to buy so that we do not create addi-
tional debt. That is my view, that they 
continue to have that intention. 
There are use taxes on a lot of 
things, and there are also corporate 
taxes in that bill. There are some addi-
tional revenue items in that bill as 
well. But I can’t tell you exactly be-
cause they have not offered a man-
ager’s amendment, which I expect to 
have offered at the Committee on 
Rules. That does not come out of the 
Budget Committee, as the gentleman 
knows. 
The Budget Committee is going to 
put together the 12 bills and send them 
to the Committee on Rules, and then 
the Committee on Rules will act on 
them. I expect a manager’s amend-
ment, but I cannot predict for the gen-
tleman what that manager’s amend-
ment will be at this point in time. 
Mr. SCALISE. Does the gentleman 
know if there is a possibility that the 
bill before the Budget Committee to-
morrow, because they did expedite that 
hearing—just yesterday, there wasn’t 
supposed to be a Budget Committee on 
Saturday to take up the reconciliation 
bill, so, clearly, it has been sped up. Is 
that because there is a possibility that 
the reconciliation bill could be voted 
on before the House next week? 
Mr. HOYER. It is possible. 
Mr. SCALISE. Does the gentleman 
have any idea on when we would find 
that out? 
Mr. HOYER. Well, we have to see 
what the Budget Committee does to-
morrow. 
Mr. SCALISE. Well, I will be watch-
ing, for sure. 
Mr. HOYER. We all will. 
Mr. SCALISE. We all will. 
On Monday, the schedule shows that 
the infrastructure bill is supposed to be 
coming up before the House floor. Is 
that going to be for debate and consid-
eration, or will there be an actual vote 
on Monday night on the infrastructure 
bill? 
Mr. HOYER. We will have to see how 
the debate goes on Monday, see how 
long that takes. 
Mr. SCALISE. Well, we will be very 
involved in that debate as well. 
As it relates to the next few weeks, 
there has been some talk that possibly 
the week of October 4 or beyond may 
be taken back as district work sched-
ules to come back here. 
Does the gentleman have any insight 
into what the schedule holds from Oc-
tober 4 and beyond? 
Mr. HOYER. I have advised Members 
that, obviously, we have a lot of work 
to do and that we have scheduled a 
number 
of 
workweeks, 
committee 
workweeks—which, by the way, I think 
have been very successful. We started 
those in June of last year, and I think 
they worked out very well, giving the 
committees an opportunity to meet un-
interrupted by having to come to the 
floor. 
With votes, as we know, we continue 
to have the challenge not only of 
COVID but the variant, an additional 
illness spike, so we are still having 
votes longer than we otherwise would 
have. So I think that those work peri-
ods have worked very well, and there 
are some scheduled for October. 
But I have also advised Members that 
we have a lot of work to do, and if we 
need more legislative time, we will pro-
vide for that, and Members will get suf-
ficient notice for that. But I did want 
to put them on notice that we may 
have to have more floor time than is 
currently provided for by the com-
mittee workweek schedule. 
But as soon as we have a sense of 
when those days will be needed, we will 
let Members know. 
Mr. SCALISE. Well, we know that 
next week we anticipate, as the end of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:02 Sep 25, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00024
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K24SE7.031
H24SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 23-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5161 
September 24, 2021 
the fiscal year comes, that there would 
be the continuing resolution possibly 
coming out of the Senate. 
I know when it came out of the 
House, it was very clear that the Sen-
ate was not going to entertain the debt 
ceiling as part of the continuing reso-
lution. So, clearly, the Senate is going 
to have to resolve what happens with 
the debt ceiling, although we have been 
told 
extraordinary 
measures 
would 
continue through October. So that is 
not as looming of a deadline as the 
September 
30 
government 
funding 
deadline that the CR would be involved 
with. 
I know, on our side, we were very dis-
appointed to see when something had 
to be pulled out on Tuesday, whether it 
was going to be the Iron Dome funding 
or the debt ceiling. Knowing that the 
Senate was not going to process the 
debt ceiling as part of that instrument, 
it would have seemed, to keep that on 
track, to remove the debt ceiling and 
deal with that separately, as the Sen-
ate ultimately will have to, and then 
keep the CR with the Iron Dome fund-
ing moving forward on something that 
could be a bipartisan vote. 
Obviously, that didn’t happen Tues-
day. I would expect we will see some-
thing very different happen in the Sen-
ate. They may send that back to us 
sometime next week. 
Does the gentleman have a timeline 
for what we should expect on legisla-
tion dealing with the funding of gov-
ernment prior to the September 30 
deadline? 
Mr. HOYER. Well, obviously, the gov-
ernment funding authority ends on 
September 30 at midnight, the end of 
the fiscal year, and it would be our in-
tention to deal with whatever bill the 
Senate sends back to us—if, in fact, 
they do not take our bill—as soon as it 
comes to us. 
We believe that it is absolutely es-
sential not to shut down government, 
which is costly, disrupts the lives of 
the American people and those who are 
expecting services, and is irresponsible. 
Even more irresponsible is not in-
creasing the debt limit. I have been 
saddened on a regular basis that our 
Republican colleagues are prepared to 
vote for debt limits when you have a 
Republican President and not when 
you have a Democratic President, as if 
somehow it is the President that cre-
ates the debt. 
The President doesn’t create the 
debt. The Congress creates the debt. 
This is not for debt that we may create 
in the future. It is for debt that we 
have already created, either by cutting 
taxes, therefore cutting revenues, or by 
spending money. 
As you know, the debt limit was sub-
stantially increased under the Trump 
administration in a bipartisan way. 
But unlike this year, Democrats joined 
with Republicans to ensure that the 
full faith and credit of the United 
States of America was not put at risk. 
And the President of the United States 
signed that legislation, a Republican 
President. 
So it is, I think, very sad that our 
Republican friends did not join every 
Democrat in saying we will not put at 
risk the full faith and credit of the 
United States for debts that have been 
incurred. 
Now, I have been here for some time, 
and just in terms of the public debt 
going up, under Bush 1, it went up 55 
percent; Clinton, 37 percent; Bush 2, 86 
percent; Obama, 88 percent; Trump, 39 
percent. 
b 1215 
Now, obviously, those figures all are 
based on a lower base than their suc-
cessor had, but it is interesting that 
under Ronald Reagan, the debt went up 
189 percent, and he signed every one of 
those. And he also urged us not to put 
the credit at risk. 
In addition, on September 8, 2017, the 
Republican-controlled House voted 316– 
90 to suspend the debt limit through 
December 8, 2017, under a deal endorsed 
by President Trump. The ‘‘yea’’ votes 
included 
Majority 
Leader 
KEVIN 
MCCARTHY, Ways and Means Chairman 
KEVIN
BRADY, and Conference Chair 
CATHY MCMORRIS RODGERS. 
Again, on September 8, the Repub-
lican-controlled Senate voted 80–17 to 
suspend the debt limit through Decem-
ber 8, 2017. The ‘‘yea’’ votes included 
Majority Leader MCCONNELL, Majority 
Whip 
CORNYN, 
Finance 
Chairman 
Hatch, and GOP Conference Chair JOHN 
THUNE all voting in favor of that. 
In addition, on February 9, 2018, a 
year later, the Republican-controlled 
House voted 240–186 to suspend the debt 
limit through March 1, 2019. Voting 
‘‘yea’’ were Majority Leader KEVIN 
MCCARTHY, Majority Whip STEVE SCA-
LISE, Ways and Means Chairman KEVIN 
BRADY, GOP Conference Chair CATHY 
MCMORRIS RODGERS, all voting for the 
measure. 
Leader MCCONNELL has stated that it 
would be irresponsible not to extend ei-
ther the date or the amount of the debt 
limit. The business roundtable has said 
this: Failure to let the U.S. Federal 
debt limit to meet the U.S. obligations 
would produce an otherwise avoidable 
crisis and pose unacceptable risk to the 
Nation’s economic growth, job cre-
ation, and financial markets. Goldman 
Sachs has essentially said the same 
thing, the American Bankers Associa-
tion, and numerous other organizations 
that I can mention. 
So I am sorry that earlier this week 
the Republicans voted unanimously 
against keeping the government open 
and making sure that we did not com-
promise the full faith and credit of the 
United States of America. But I will 
assure the gentleman, as soon as a bill 
is sent back from the Senate, that we 
will take that up. I hope it is a respon-
sible bill. 
I hope it does what Senator MCCON-
NELL, under President Donald Trump, 
said ought to be done. Perhaps now 
that we have a Democratic President, 
somehow the fiscal responsibility does 
not seem as important as it did when 
Donald Trump was President, and I 
think that is unfortunate. 
I, personally, by the way, think that 
the debt issue is a phony issue. There 
are only very, very few countries that 
have a debt limit. The debt limit is de-
cided when we spend money or cut rev-
enues, not in some other venue. And 
once we do that, the assumption ought 
to be, and I think has been, that we are 
going to pay our debts as a country. 
And the only time we came close to 
not doing that was about a little less 
than 10 years ago, and for the first 
time since I have been a Member of 
Congress, which is over 40 years, the 
rating of the United States was re-
duced, minisculely, but nevertheless 
reduced. A shocking consequence of 
playing games with the debt limit. 
So I would hope that my friend would 
urge his party to not treat this as ei-
ther a political issue or partisan issue, 
and would treat it as the issue it is, an 
issue of the fiscal responsibility and 
full faith and credit to the United 
States of America. 
Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
remind the gentleman that if you go 
back, both Republican and Democrat 
Presidents, whether it was a Repub-
lican Congress or a Democrat Congress, 
you had budget agreements that in-
volved both agreements on spending 
and on debt. Bipartisan agreements. 
The gentlemen should also recognize 
that this year there has been no such 
effort to reach out to the Republican 
side to get agreements. The gentleman 
is well-aware that under President 
Biden, while he promised during the 
campaign that he would work with ev-
erybody, he would work with Repub-
licans, work with Democrats, instead, 
it has been a go-it-alone strategy on 
spending and on debt. 
Very much to our opposition, we 
were against the trillions of new spend-
ing. We weren’t consulted about the 
debt. 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, will the 
gentleman yield? 
Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I will 
yield, but I first need to point out, be-
cause the gentleman did mention, that 
when we cut taxes, the Tax Cuts and 
Jobs Act, that cutting taxes reduced 
revenue to the Treasury. Maybe under 
a liberal ideology that is the thought 
process of how economics would work, 
but that is not how economics worked, 
and it is not how reality worked. 
When we cut taxes, we actually kick- 
started our economy. We brought mil-
lions of jobs back to America, and the 
Federal Treasury took in more money. 
Cutting taxes brought in more revenue 
to the Treasury. In fact, if you go look 
at States like New York that raised 
taxes to try to go after millionaires 
and billionaires and picking winners 
and losers and dividing people, as they 
raise tax rates, they see people moving 
out of their State, less revenue. 
In America, when we saw higher and 
higher tax rates ultimately getting to 
a 35 percent corporate rate, highest in 
the industrialized world, what we also 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:02 Sep 25, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00025
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K24SE7.032
H24SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 24-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5162 
September 24, 2021 
saw was great companies moving out of 
America, out of America to be able to 
stay afloat, not to avoid paying taxes. 
They were still paying taxes. They 
were just moving to other countries 
where they could remain competitive 
because they could no longer remain 
competitive in America. 
It was by the hundreds that we would 
see what are called inversions, great 
companies moving out of America. 
Now, on the left, every time they 
would move they would wring hands 
and call the company’s name. We 
would call the companies, and say, 
Why are you leaving? They didn’t want 
to leave. They wanted to stay afloat so 
that they didn’t have to fire the thou-
sands of America workers they had. 
They wanted to stay viable. 
So when we cut taxes, do you know 
since the day the Tax Cuts and Jobs 
Act was signed into law, there has not 
been a single inversion in America. Not 
a single American company moved out 
of America. In fact, the opposite. We 
saw companies by the droves moving 
back in. We saw jobs by the millions 
coming back to America. 
So, again, to give an economics les-
son, when we cut taxes the Federal 
Treasury actually took in more money, 
not less, because people created more 
jobs in America. They brought jobs 
back to America. 
Companies increased wages. In fact, 
the biggest wage earners—and you can 
go look at the Department of Labor 
statistics—the 
bigger 
wage 
earners 
were lowest-income workers. All that 
goes away if this bill coming before the 
Budget Committee tomorrow is to 
pass. I hope it doesn’t. But if it does, 
every economics expert that looks at 
the success of the Tax Cuts and Jobs 
Act has also recognized that it will 
lead to millions more jobs leaving 
America if they raise those rates. 
If you put a natural gas tax on fami-
lies, estimates are over a 12 percent in-
crease in household electricity rates on 
families which, by the way, would hit 
lower-income people the hardest. That 
is the reality of tax increases and tax 
decreases. 
So that brings us to the debt ceiling. 
The reason we voted against it were 
many. One was that, for whatever rea-
son, the majority party decided to gut 
the Iron Dome funding that was ini-
tially in the bill; a billion dollars to 
allow Israel to replenish the Iron Dome 
missiles 
that 
were 
used 
defending 
themselves against terrorist attacks 
from Gaza, fueled by terrorist organi-
zations, and backed by proxies like 
Iran. That is one of the driving reasons 
that you saw all of those ‘‘no’’ votes. 
But if you also look at where the 
debt came from, it came from very par-
tisan policies. There are 14 different 
bills this year where the majority 
party waived the PAYGO rules. PAYGO 
was a policy that said, you pay as you 
go. You want to pass policy, you want 
to spend money, pay for it. 
It is a pretty commonsense idea, ex-
cept on 14 different pieces of legislation 
this 
year, 
the 
Democrat 
majority 
waived PAYGO, racking up trillions in 
new debt. We didn’t vote for this spend-
ing. If the majority party wants to go 
it alone and have a partisan spending 
spree that jacks up trillions of new 
spending and debt, then it is incumbent 
upon the majority party to go address 
the debt ceiling consequences that 
were created by this reckless spending. 
Fourteen different times your party 
waived PAYGO. We didn’t vote for 
that. But then you want us to pay for 
it? That is not how this works. If the 
majority party wants to work with us 
on a budget agreement, we are right 
here. We have never been asked to be a 
part of a budget agreement. We surely 
weren’t consulted about the spending 
because we opposed those levels. 
There were things we wanted to do, 
including on some of the relief pack-
ages where we felt, let’s focus in on 
helping people who are struggling, not 
paying people not to work, not bailing 
out States that are flushed with multi- 
billion dollar surpluses, while sending 
that bill to our kids. 
That is not responsible, but that is 
what the majority party did. And as 
they jacked up all that spending, they 
jacked up debt and bumped us against 
the debt limit. We are not going to be 
a part of that because we didn’t agree 
with the spending. We weren’t con-
sulted on the spending. 
If your party wants to spend money, 
your party ought to be responsible 
enough to deal with the consequences 
of it. We are more than happy to work 
with you on how to solve this spending 
and debt problem in a bipartisan way, 
and I yield to the gentleman. 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman. 
It is hard to respond, Mr. Speaker, to 
a not-responsive issue on why we are 
not voting to extend the debt limit. 
MCCONNELL
said he wasn’t going to 
vote for the debt limit long before 
there was anything about Iron Dome. 
In fact, we passed Iron Dome. We 
passed it overwhelmingly with over 420 
votes. It is now over in the Senate, and 
I hope they pass it immediately, which 
would, by the way, be faster than they 
would have done the CR. 
Having said that, the gentleman 
voted for $5 trillion of debt in 2020. It 
wasn’t paid for. We were confronting a 
great crisis called COVID–19. And in a 
bipartisan way, we passed $5.4 trillion 
of spending, the largest amount of 
spending, I think, in any year that I 
have been in this Congress. 
We did it in a bipartisan way with 
the expectation that we would borrow 
that money to meet the emergency 
that confronted us, and that we would 
pay for that debt. It didn’t have any-
thing to do with politics. It didn’t have 
anything to do with who was President 
of the United States. And all that ver-
biage was to mask the fact that, frank-
ly, my Republican friends don’t like 
voting to pay the bills. 
They do like to cut revenues, wheth-
er or not they balance the budget. And 
the good news, from their standpoint, 
was they inherited an economy that 
was going up incrementally every year. 
The gentleman talks about jobs on 
his tax bill. Under President Obama, 
who inherited a tanking economy from 
George Bush, not withstanding the tax 
cuts that they had effected, during the 
Obama 
administration 
we 
created 
10,838,000 jobs. During the Trump ad-
ministration 6,688 net jobs. About 35 
percent less. But that is irrelevant, it 
is a smokescreen. It is to distract. 
The fact of the matter is we have in-
curred debt, we have incurred it in a bi-
partisan way. Whether the objective 
was defense or whether it was domestic 
or tax cuts, we created the debt on be-
half of the United States of America. 
We borrowed money and we said to our 
creditors: we will pay you back. 
It had nothing to do with Iron Dome. 
The Republicans had said if the debt 
limit was in there, they weren’t going 
to vote for it. They were not going to 
take responsibility for the debt that 
they, in a bipartisan way, $5.4 trillion 
last year, incurred, signed by Donald 
Trump. 
Donald Trump could have stopped 
every nickel of that money from being 
spent. He did not. It was a bipartisan 
agreement. 
b 1230 
I believe, although I don’t have the 
figures in front of me, that Mr. SCALISE 
voted for every one of those bills. He 
can correct me if I am wrong on that. 
But the debt limit is a pretense that 
somehow if you vote against raising 
the debt limit you will somehow, Mr. 
Speaker, solve the debt problem of the 
United States. 
No. The way you solve that is paying 
your bills. 
I would urge the gentleman—I don’t 
know what is going to come back from 
the Senate, but I will tell you, Mr. 
Speaker, my experience has been, par-
ticularly over the last, about 15 years, 
it has been Democrats who have re-
sponded to the fiscal responsibility call 
of Republican Speakers—Mr. Boehner 
and Mr. Ryan—who couldn’t get the 
majority of Republicans in their own 
party to vote for their bill exercising 
fiscal responsibility. I am proud to say 
that Democrats were there on behalf of 
bills sponsored, essentially—I don’t 
know the name of the sponsor on the 
bill—but supported by both Speaker 
Boehner and Speaker Ryan. I don’t 
have those figures in front of me, but I 
can bring them up perhaps next time 
we talk. 
So I would urge my friend, let’s get 
off this political Biden this or—I don’t 
even know if any of those bills have 
passed because I don’t know what list 
he is reading from, but, Mr. Speaker, 
he lists the names of bills in Congress. 
We passed the rescue plan but got no 
Republicans on that. 
Why? 
Because we were over having a Re-
publican President. So now a Demo-
cratic President was trying to make 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:02 Sep 25, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00026
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K24SE7.034
H24SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 25-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5163 
September 24, 2021 
sure that this country didn’t fall 
through the floorboards, that our small 
businesses didn’t fall through the floor-
boards, that our families and individ-
uals didn’t fall through the floor-
boards, and that our childcare pro-
viders didn’t fall through the floor-
boards. So they were through voting 
for those bills. They were voting for 
them when Trump was President but 
stopped voting for them when Biden 
was President. I get that. But the debt 
limit is about all of us. It is about our 
country. 
Very frankly, as Goldman Sachs and 
the Business Roundtable and others 
have said, it is about the global econ-
omy. It is about jobs. It is about work-
ing men and women having jobs and 
America being competitive with the 
rest of the world. That is what the debt 
limit is about, and that is what the 
Business Roundtable is saying, not one 
of our spokes-organs. That is what the 
Chamber of Commerce is saying. 
So, yes, we can argue the specifics, 
the 4 million less jobs were created 
under Trump than were created under 
Obama. We can talk about that. We can 
talk about a larger debt under Trump 
in terms of actual dollars. I am not 
going to talk about that. 
Why? 
Because we incurred them together 
because we needed to do so because our 
country was in trouble and our people 
were in trouble. 
So I will tell the gentleman we are 
going to—his question was, in case we 
all forgot it, we probably did—that we 
are going to deal with the bill that 
comes back because we are absolutely 
committed to making sure that the full 
faith and credit of the United States is 
not put at risk. 
Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman. 
I do need to correct the RECORD be-
cause the gentleman implied that the 
relief packages from 2020 were part of 
the debt ceiling that is being raised in 
the current legislation that is moving 
forward. That is just not accurate. 
I have seen talking points out there, 
but Mr. Speaker, if you look at the 
trillions that my friend and I supported 
that were good policy, that was in-
cluded in the debt ceiling negotiation 
from last year. It was in there. It was 
part of the debt ceiling negotiation 
from last year. That was passed on a 
bipartisan basis. 
What we are talking about for this 
year, including the $1.9 trillion that 
was not a bipartisan package, is new 
debt. What is being anticipated in the 
$4 trillion, $5 trillion-dollar-package 
that the Budget Committee is taking 
up is going to be new debt that would 
be included in the debt ceiling negotia-
tion that my friend would expect us to 
vote for. 
We don’t support that new spending 
and that new debt. We did support the 
spending and the debt from last year in 
the relief packages that we all sup-
ported—and we paid for it—in the debt 
ceiling negotiations from last year. 
The gentleman might have different 
talking points, but that is a fact. It 
was legislation that was voted on in a 
bipartisan fashion. 
Mr. HOYER. I have different facts. 
Mr. SCALISE. It was voted on on a 
bipartisan basis and was passed by Con-
gress. Where the debt ceiling is today 
is ultimately going to be negotiated in 
the Senate, but it won’t be in the bill 
that was sent over to the Senate on 
Tuesday. 
The Senators have made it clear. 
They don’t have 60 votes for that bill. 
It is a 60-vote bill. They might have to 
take it up under a reconciliation pack-
age. That is for the Senate to decide. 
Maybe in the next few days the Senate 
will decide that and send it back, but 
that was not something that anybody 
expected the Senate to pass when it 
left the House on Tuesday. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gen-
tleman. 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman for yielding. 
I will not characterize the substance 
of that argument. However, I believe it 
has no merit, Mr. Speaker, none, zero, 
zip. 
It is as if we Democrats, when we 
voted three times to assure that we 
didn’t violate the debt limit under 
Donald Trump, as if we would say: 
Well, this is not our debt, this was, 
after all, the debt of the tax cut of 2017, 
so we shouldn’t pay this. 
In fact, the debt, of course, like fam-
ily debt, is not necessarily for the car, 
for the mortgage, or for the clothes 
that we bought for our children to go 
back to school. It is a cumulative debt, 
a cumulative debt that—by the way, 
under 
Democratic 
Presidents 
since 
President Truman—were increased 24 
percent; under Republicans since Tru-
man, 45 percent. 
It would be ridiculous, Mr. Speaker, 
for me to say: Well, I am only going to 
pay for this debt, that debt, and this 
debt that I agree with. 
Of course, the $5.4 trillion that Mr. 
SCALISE and I voted for in 2020 is a part 
of the debt that we need to have to 
service now. In fact, what we of course 
did, we didn’t increase the debt limit 
per se because politically that was very 
controversial because people dema-
gogue it. So what we did was we 
changed the date, which is a ruse, 
which is a political sleight of hand. It 
has the same exact effect. 
So, Mr. Speaker, with all due respect, 
the argument that it is not my debt 
and your debt and this—in fact, most 
of those bills haven’t passed and 
haven’t created any debt yet. I don’t 
know the list, so I don’t know whether 
they have been passed or some have 
passed. I presume, obviously, the res-
cue plan did pass, it wasn’t paid for. Of 
course, it was approximately 30 percent 
of what Mr. SCALISE and I voted for in 
2020. 
But, nevertheless, the debt is the 
debt; and not to support making sure 
that America legally can pay that debt 
is irresponsible. 
Mr. SCALISE. Again, this will con-
tinue as we see whatever comes out of 
the Budget Committee that will be tril-
lions. We know it is trillions. We just 
don’t know how many, maybe 4, maybe 
5 trillion in new debt that the date 
that was put in the legislative text—it 
wasn’t an amount, it was a date that 
the majority party included—in De-
cember 
of 
2022 
that 
maybe 
that 
changes in the Senate, but it would in-
clude the trillions, not only that were 
included in the $1.9 from earlier this 
year that was partisan, but also on this 
tax-and-spend 
bill 
that 
is 
moving 
through Budget tomorrow. 
I would like to ask one final question 
about other potential legislation for 
next week. I know the gentleman and I 
have had conversations in the past 
about bills that maybe aren’t currently 
scheduled that could be, some of them 
have been added to the schedule, not 
all. 
We know there is a crisis at our 
southern border. There are a number of 
legislative instruments that have been 
filed to try to confront it. I haven’t 
seen any of those come to the floor. 
They are surely not listed for next 
week, but there are a number I would 
at least like to bring to the gentle-
man’s attention to see if they could— 
as we are watching the border get even 
more out of hand—potentially give 
tools to the President to address it in 
a way where he is not addressing it 
today. 
We know there has been a bill by Ms. 
HERRELL, the number of that bill is 
H.R. 471, the PAUSE Act, which would 
allow for enforcement of Title 42 in a 
way more clear than the administra-
tion has expressed their abilities. 
We also have H.R. 4828 by Mr. KATKO 
which gives even more additional tools 
to help secure the border. 
I would hope the gentleman would 
look at those legislative instruments. 
As there are maybe more days we will 
be here than there are legislative in-
struments anticipated, these could be 
other bills that we could take up that 
would deal with very pertinent and se-
rious problems that our country is fac-
ing that aren’t being addressed. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gen-
tleman. 
Mr. HOYER. I don’t know the status 
of those bills. I will check on the status 
of those bills. 
Let me say, Mr. Speaker, there is a 
tragedy occurring at our border. There 
are people in grievous circumstances 
and in unbearable danger in their home 
countries. That has been a case for 
some period of time, and we have some 
very bad people taking advantage of 
that and promising them a free route 
to America, taking advantage of that 
pain, that suffering, and that fear that 
so many people have, in this case Hai-
tians who fled their own country, pre-
sumably many of them after an ex-
traordinary earthquake and they are 
living in places that are not their 
homes. 
We all talk about it, and we all be-
lieve that America is the greatest 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:02 Sep 25, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00027
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K24SE7.036
H24SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 26-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5164 
September 24, 2021 
country on the face of the Earth. It is. 
Therefore, it is not surprising that peo-
ple who are in pain and grieving and 
are concerned for the future of their 
children want to come to the United 
States of America. But, clearly, we 
cannot take all of the people who 
would like to come to America. 
Therefore, we need a system because 
America is made up of immigrants. It 
has been made strong by immigrants. 
It has been made successful by immi-
grants. It has been made a great coun-
try by immigrants. 
My own father came from Denmark 
at the age of 32 in 1934. Almost every-
body who serves in this House, some 
are immigrants themselves who came 
themselves to the country. Some at 2 
years of age and some at other ages. 
The gentleman is correct. We need to 
deal with this. We need to deal with it 
in a humanitarian way, in a way that 
honors our values and respect for indi-
vidual lives and individual persons. 
That is one of the great, great dif-
ferences that we celebrate in America, 
the importance that we put on the in-
dividual. 
We said that we hold these truths to 
be self-evident that all men are created 
equal—today we clearly would say all 
men and women—and endowed not by 
us, not by our Constitution, and not by 
our laws, but by God. We have some of 
God’s children who are fearful, scared, 
and running, running to a safer place. 
And that place for almost all the world 
is America. 
So we have a responsibility, Mr. 
Speaker, to adopt a rational, com-
prehensive immigration reform regime 
where people will know the rules of 
coming to America. They will know 
the rules of how you apply, how you 
are processed, and how you are vetted. 
Whether you are coming here because 
you just want to come to America to 
succeed and to make your family live 
in a better neighborhood called Amer-
ica, or you are coming because your 
family and your are unsafe in the coun-
try in which you then reside, we need 
comprehensive immigration reform. 
I would be glad to work very closely 
with my friend, the Republican whip 
from Louisiana, on seeing if we can get 
to that place because we have all been 
talking about it, all of us. 
I think there is not a person in this 
room—I don’t know about in this room, 
but over the years—who hasn’t said our 
immigration system is broken, who 
hasn’t said we need secure borders, who 
hasn’t said we need secure borders and 
reveled in the fact that we are a nation 
of immigrants who have made us 
stronger so that we can get to a place 
where we pursue a rational policy for 
implementing that concept. 
So I will tell my friend, I will look at 
those two or three pieces of legislation 
he mentioned and talk to the com-
mittee chairs about their status and 
let the gentleman know. 
Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I appre-
ciate that, and I look forward to hav-
ing those conversations with the gen-
tleman from Maryland on that and all 
the other issues that will come before 
us next week. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
b 1245 
ABORTION CARE IS HEALTHCARE 
(Ms. UNDERWOOD asked and was 
given permission to address the House 
for 1 minute and to revise and extend 
her remarks.) 
Ms. 
UNDERWOOD. 
Mr. 
Speaker, 
choosing whether to become a parent is 
one of the most important decisions a 
person will make in their lifetime. It is 
a decision we should be able to make 
for ourselves. But over the past decade, 
extremist 
anti-abortion 
politicians 
have passed more than 450 laws that 
undermine the freedom to make that 
decision. 
Our laws should protect our rights, 
like the right to abortion, not control 
and dehumanize us. We aren’t truly 
free unless we can control our own bod-
ies, lives, and future. 
As a nurse, I know that when people 
have 
access 
to 
a 
full 
range 
of 
healthcare services, including the full 
spectrum of reproductive health and 
maternity care, they are healthier and 
their families thrive. 
Because abortion is healthcare. 
The legislation that House Demo-
crats passed today will protect access 
to healthcare and reproductive rights 
for all Americans. It ensures that, 
going forward, we all have the freedom 
to control our own bodies, safely care 
for our families, and live with dignity. 
I urge my colleagues in the Senate to 
take it up immediately and send it to 
President Biden’s desk. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE 
OF LANCE CORPORAL KAREEM 
NIKOUI 
(Mr. CALVERT asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute.) 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
pay tribute to a fallen marine from my 
congressional district. Our Nation re-
lies upon young men and women volun-
tarily stepping forward to defend and 
protect the liberties we hold so dear. 
As a young man growing up in Norco, 
California, 
Lance 
Corporal 
Kareem 
Nikoui was inspired to answer that 
call. 
When he joined the Marine Corps, 
Kareem was following in the footsteps 
of patriots. Like his fellow marines, he 
was not signing up for glory or reward 
but out of a sense of duty. 
In his final days, Lance Corporal 
Kareem Nikoui was on the front lines 
of a mission to secure freedom for des-
perate people. Kareem and our other 
fallen heroes conducted themselves 
with bravery and compassion. In those 
dark days, they shined bright. 
Our community in Riverside County, 
California, has stepped up to support 
and embrace the Nikoui family as they 
grieve 
this 
unimaginable 
loss. 
We 
should honor Kareem by carrying the 
torch of service, duty, and sacrifice he 
so proudly advanced until his final 
breath. 
May God comfort the Nikoui family, 
and may God bless America. 
f 
TEXAS WOMEN ARE UNITED 
STATES CITIZENS 
(Mr. RASKIN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute.) 
Mr. 
RASKIN. 
Mr. 
Speaker, 
the 
women of Texas are citizens of the 
United States, but they are being 
treated like outlaws by their own legis-
lature. 
Under the Texas law, any person, in-
cluding murderers, serial rapists, sex-
ual harassers, January 6 insurrection-
ists, or Texas State legislators them-
selves, can sue doctors, nurses, moth-
ers, fathers, medical personnel, simply 
for helping a woman in Texas exercise 
her constitutional rights under Roe v. 
Wade and Planned Parenthood v. Casey 
for $10,000. 
You want to give $10,000 to a total 
stranger for helping your daughter 
through a personal crisis caused by a 
rape? Move to Texas. 
You want to join the GOP in turning 
America into a nation of theocratic 
busybodies and vigilante bounty hunt-
ers policing other people’s families? Go 
right ahead. 
But for me, I am standing with the 
Constitution of the United States. I am 
voting for the Women’s Health Protec-
tion Act, and I am proud that we are 
passing it today. 
f 
UNPRECEDENTED GOVERNMENT 
SPENDING 
(Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, the $3.5 
trillion spending plan by the Demo-
crats is the most expensive single piece 
of legislation in the history of this 
country. If passed, the Democrats will 
have added $13 trillion in new spending 
since they took control of the House in 
2019. 
When combined with annual govern-
ment funding and the $1.9 trillion 
Biden bailout bill, the $3.5 trillion so-
cialist tax and spending plan would in-
crease yearly government spending by 
over 73 percent each year for the next 
10 years. To pay for these expensive 
and ill-advised policies, we would see 
the largest tax increase in American 
history, with two-thirds of employer 
tax increases being borne by lower and 
middle-income Americans. 
This unprecedented spending spree is 
fueling inflation right now and hurting 
low-income and middle-income fami-
lies the most, the very populations 
these policies purport to be helping. 
Inflation is a tax on the poor, run-
ning at 7 percent on an annualized 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:02 Sep 25, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00028
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K24SE7.037
H24SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 27-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5165 
September 24, 2021 
basis since the Biden administration 
came in, the highest since the Carter 
era. Gas prices are up 41 percent. Used 
car prices are up 41 percent. Fish prices 
are up 8.5 percent. Steak prices are up 
10 percent. 
Inflation is hurting the purchasing 
power of everyday Americans. 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF 
MEREDITH MCGEHEE 
(Mr. KILMER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute.) 
Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Meredith McGehee, 
the executive director of Issue One, 
who is leaving her post at the end of 
this month. 
Meredith is one of the Nation’s most 
knowledgeable and dedicated experts 
on Congress and ethics in politics. She 
is a true public servant and has de-
voted her career to making Congress 
and the Federal Government more 
transparent, more effective, and to 
making it work better for the Amer-
ican people. 
In fact, she is among the leading ad-
vocates for many of the key laws that 
shape the way that Congress operates 
today, contributing to the formulation 
of the Gift Ban, the Lobbying Disclo-
sure Act, the Congressional Account-
ability Act, the Bipartisan Campaign 
Finance Reform Act, the STOCK Act, 
and the establishment of the bipartisan 
Select Committee on the Moderniza-
tion of Congress, which I now have the 
honor of chairing. 
Of all of the ways that Meredith has 
had an impact, she is first and fore-
most, a devoted daughter of Albu-
querque, a wife, and mom to Timo who, 
himself, is now pursuing a career in 
service to our country. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Mere-
dith for her service and wish her all the 
best in the days ahead. 
f 
POW/MIA RECOGNITION DAY 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-
dress the House for 1 minute and to re-
vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, last Friday, September 
17, was POW/MIA Recognition Day. 
This important day is a time to re-
member the brave men and women who 
have yet to return home. 
Currently, there are more than 80,000 
American servicemembers who remain 
unaccounted for from World War II, the 
Korean War, the Vietnam War, and the 
Cold War, and the Gulf Wars. 
Our servicemembers are the bravest 
among us. They answer the call to pro-
tect and defend our country in times of 
war and in times of peace. While many 
return home, some do not. 
In May, I introduced the Prisoners of 
War and Missing in Action Trade 
Agreement Resolution. This resolution 
urges our mutually beneficial trade 
agreements to include a commitment 
from trading partners to continue the 
search and recovery efforts of our Na-
tion’s missing servicemembers. 
Mr. Speaker, in honor of POW/MIA 
Recognition Day, I urge my colleagues 
to join this resolution. We must uphold 
the eternal promise to our Armed 
Forces to always bring our men and 
women home. 
In that spirit, I also want to say 
thank you to one of my alma maters, 
Penn State University, that in a sta-
dium of about 110,000, they placed one 
seat that will never be filled until the 
last of all those who are missing will 
return home. That was dedicated in 
honor of Penn State graduate and Viet-
nam veteran, Major Louis Smith, who 
has yet to return home from that war. 
f 
REMEMBERING 
THE 
LIFE 
AND 
SERVICE OF ERICKA EDWARDS 
JONES 
(Mr. CARTER of Louisiana asked and 
was given permission to address the 
House for 1 minute and to revise and 
extend his remarks.) 
Mr. 
CARTER 
of 
Louisiana. 
Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to recognize and 
remember and mourn the life of a dear 
friend 
and 
sister, 
Ericka 
Edwards 
Jones of Algiers, Louisiana. 
She lived a life of service and activ-
ism throughout her 48 years of life, as 
a longtime employee of the parish 
courts, and staffer of former Congress-
man William J. Jefferson, and as chief 
deputy of 2nd City Court under the 
leadership of clerk Darren Lombard. 
She served with compassion and honor. 
She thoroughly enjoyed politics, but, 
most importantly, public service. She 
was an incredible wife, mother, daugh-
ter, and friend. We will sorely miss her 
incredible smile, her leadership, her 
compassion for service. 
She had a smile that would light up 
the room. Ericka was passionate, and 
compassionate, and generous to a fault. 
My thoughts and prayers are with 
her, our families, and the community 
on this tragic loss of a true public serv-
ant. 
Ericka, we will miss you, but your 
fingerprints will long live in the great 
works that you leave behind. 
My thoughts and prayers are with 
her family, with all that knew her, and 
all that will remember her forever. 
We will miss you deeply. 
f 
COUNTERING VIOLENT 
EXTREMISM 
(Ms. JACOBS of California asked and 
was given permission to address the 
House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. 
JACOBS 
of 
California. 
Mr. 
Speaker, the United States should not 
provide support to foreign military 
units that repeatedly commit human 
rights violations. That should be clear. 
Yet, in Burkina Faso, Guinea, and 
the Democratic Republic of the Congo, 
military units backed by the United 
States did just that; terrorizing civil-
ians in the name of security. 
Backing these units is supposed to be 
against U.S. law, but for decades there 
has been one big loophole, and it is 
called section 127E, one specific DOD 
authority that authorizes support for 
these units without any human rights 
vetting. 
This loophole means that we have no 
assurances that our operatives aren’t 
working with partners who are in di-
rect conflict with our values. And if we 
are truly focused on countering violent 
extremism, we have to acknowledge 
that abuses by security forces often 
propel victims into violent extremist 
groups. 
That is why I brought forward an 
amendment to the NDAA to close this 
loophole, and I am proud to say it was 
adopted with bipartisan support. 
My amendment ensures that we 
aren’t contributing to the very same 
problems we aim to solve, and it sends 
a clear message. When it comes to 
human rights, there cannot be loop-
holes, exemptions, or exceptions. 
f 
ISSUES OF THE DAY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
TORRES
of New York). Under the 
Speaker’s announced policy of January 
4, 2021, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. 
GOHMERT) is recognized for 60 minutes 
as the designee of the minority leader. 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, we had 
a bill today regarding abortion; and 
when I think about saving lives of in-
nocent babies, one name that comes to 
mind is Henry Hyde, and another name 
that comes to my mind is CHRIS SMITH. 
We have some people that have 
worked tirelessly, selflessly on this 
issue, and one of those people is CHRIS 
SMITH. He is a leader. 
I am proud to yield to the gentleman 
from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH). 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. 
Speaker, I thank the gentleman for 
yielding. I thank him for his leader-
ship. And I thank the gentlewoman 
from Washington (Mrs. RODGERS) for 
her extraordinary efforts on behalf of 
the unborn. It has been, frankly, a 
team effort, and what a team. 
Mr. Speaker, the legislation under 
consideration by the House today is de-
ceptively titled the Women’s Health 
Protection Act of 2021. Abortion is not 
healthcare, unless one construes the 
precious life of an unborn child to be 
analogous to a tumor to be excised or 
a disease to be vanquished. 
This bill is far outside the American 
mainstream and goes far beyond Roe v. 
Wade. This bill constitutes an existen-
tial threat to unborn children and to 
the value of life itself. 
For the first time ever, by Congres-
sional statute, H.R. 3755 would legally 
authorize and enable the violent death 
of unborn baby girls and boys by dis-
memberment, decapitation, forced ex-
pulsion from the womb, deadly poisons, 
and other methods at any time and for 
any reason until birth. 
A significant majority of Americans 
are deeply concerned about protecting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:02 Sep 25, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00029
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K24SE7.040
H24SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 28-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5166 
September 24, 2021 
the lives of unborn children. A 2021 
Marist poll found that 65 percent of 
Americans want Roe v. Wade reinter-
preted by either sending the issue back 
to the States, or to stop legalized abor-
tion. Of that 65 percent majority of 
Americans, 40 percent of Democrats 
would ‘‘allow certain restrictions on 
abortions 
as 
determined 
by 
each 
State.’’ 
If enacted, this bill will nullify near-
ly every modest pro-life restriction 
ever enacted by the States, including 
Women’s Right to Know laws in 35 
States, parental involvement statutes 
in 37 States, the pain-capable unborn 
child protection laws in 19 States, 
waiting periods in 26 States, and so 
much more. 
Seventy percent of Americans, Mr. 
Speaker, according to the 2021 Marist 
poll, oppose abortion if the child will 
be born with Down syndrome. Of over 
half of those who identify as pro- 
choice, 56 percent oppose or are strong-
ly opposed to abortion due to the ex-
pectation the child will be born with 
Down syndrome. 
Americans seek to embrace and not 
erase those babies identified as having 
an extra chromosome. 
H.R. 3755, however, overturns State 
laws that protect children with Down 
syndrome. 
b 1300 
Regarding international law, the bill 
falsely states that: ‘‘Core human rights 
treaties ratified by the United States 
protect access to abortion.’’ 
That is absolutely untrue. In fact, 
the International Covenant on Civil 
and Political Rights, which the United 
States has ratified, is concerned about 
unborn children being killed. It states, 
in Article 6, that ‘‘every human being 
has the inherent right to life’’ and that 
‘‘no one shall be arbitrarily deprived of 
his life.’’ 
It goes on to declare that the sen-
tence of death—in other words, capital 
punishment—shall not be carried out 
on pregnant women. Why? The ICCPR 
creates an exemption from execution 
for pregnant women, recognizing that 
their unborn children have an inde-
pendent claim to legal protection, as 
do all unborn children. 
Many women have been seriously 
harmed by abortion. The Silent No 
More Awareness Campaign and many 
other initiatives throughout this coun-
try—and this never gets reported on by 
the press, never gets focused upon so 
people are more aware of this help out 
there, both within the church as well 
as in a nonsectarian point of view, to 
help women who are post-abortive and 
who are suffering and suffering so im-
mensely. 
A few years ago, Linda Shrewsbury, 
an academic African American with a 
degree from Harvard, who had an abor-
tion, said at an event right here on 
Capitol Hill: ‘‘The lies that brought me 
to that day and to its sorrowful after-
math are crystal clear in my mind— 
falsehoods and deceptions that con-
cealed the truth about abortion. Lies 
planted in my thinking by clever mar-
keting and media campaigns and end-
less repetition led to a tragic, irrevers-
ible decision—the death of my first 
child.’’ 
She goes on to say: ‘‘I really didn’t 
understand back then. At age 20, I had 
no inkling of the mental and emotional 
darkness I was about to enter. I 
couldn’t have grasped the immense 
psychological toll’’ abortion ‘‘would 
take for years and into the future—un-
relenting tears, guilt, shame, and de-
pression. After spending many years in 
denial, I did eventually find healing. 
‘‘When I understood and rejected dis-
tortions 
about 
fetal 
development, 
doublespeak about choice, rights, and 
planned and wanted children, I under-
stood the reality and victimhood of my 
aborted child. 
‘‘I understood the absence of moral 
basis for choosing to disentitle an inno-
cent human being of life. When I em-
braced the truth, the truth set me free, 
and I, finally, gained inner peace.’’ 
She goes on to say: ‘‘It is past time 
to lance the national wound of abor-
tion with truth. The high culture— 
thought leaders, media, celebrities— 
that brought us abortion seem vested 
beyond extraction. I dreamed of the 
volcano of abortion truth that could 
erupt one day from the grassroots— 
women and men and their relatives 
witnessing to their suppressed emo-
tion, unspoken trauma, and lived pain. 
With abortion denial ended, we as a so-
ciety could then reconnect with reality 
and life.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, the United States Su-
preme Court majority in 1973, in Roe v. 
Wade, wrote, in pertinent part: ‘‘We 
need not resolve the difficult question 
of 
when 
human 
life 
begins.’’ 
Sidestepping that threshold question 
and giving no benefit of the doubt to 
the child, they went on to legalize and 
enable abortion on demand. 
For decades, right up to this very 
moment, abortion advocates have gone 
to extraordinary lengths to ignore, 
trivialize, and cover up the battered 
baby victim. But today, thanks to 
ultrasound, unborn babies are more 
visible than ever before. 
When a woman is carrying a child, 
the first baby pictures, those that 
often end up on the refrigerator in cele-
bration, are of the ultrasound pictures, 
not 
of 
the 
newborns—they 
follow 
later—but the ultrasound pictures of 
that little boy or that little girl or the 
twins. 
Today, science informs us that birth 
is an event—albeit a very important 
one—but an event in the life of a child. 
It is not the beginning of life. 
Modern medicine today also treats 
unborn children with disability or dis-
ease as a patient in need of diagnosis 
and treatment. There has been an ex-
plosion in interventions that have 
saved children’s lives and mitigated 
many, many problems that they may 
face when the disability, for example, 
was not caught early. 
Unborn babies are society’s youngest 
patients and deserve benign, life-af-
firming medical interventions. All un-
born babies deserve our respect and our 
love, not death by abortion. 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I appre-
ciate so much my friend Mr. SMITH’s 
dedication to this important—it is not 
just an issue; it is an important cause. 
It is so important. 
We are told in law school that there 
can be nothing more noble than speak-
ing up for those who are unable to de-
fend themselves, and that is what I see 
when I see my friend, Mr. SMITH. 
This bill we took up today, to vote 
on, allows abortion right up to the mo-
ment of birth. I struggle with that. I 
mean, I understand there are people 
that really believe it is not a child; it 
is just a mass of tissue. But when the 
child can be seen, as we were talking 
about earlier before we began the Spe-
cial Order, when you look at the TV 
screen, you know that is your child. 
And it is a child. You can make out all 
the parts. Then it is not just a mass of 
tissue. 
But for heaven’s sake, when it is a 
viable, living child, capable of living 
completely on that child’s own—I have 
seen some tough things as a felony 
judge, some pictures, which I wish I 
had never seen. But to see what is done 
to a living child in the name of a right 
is just heartbreaking. 
I appreciate so much my friend’s 
heart on this issue. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to my good 
friend, if he cares to share anything 
else. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. 
Speaker, I thank my good friend from 
Texas for his leadership. 
I do believe and see this—I know it is 
not represented on the floor of this 
House when it comes to our good 
friends and colleagues on the Democrat 
side, but there is a serious movement 
in the direction of embracing life, in-
cluding the unborn child. 
Like I said, some of those polls that 
have come out in recent days, if you 
just ask the question pro-choice versus 
pro-life, you don’t get much insight. 
But when you break it down under 
what circumstances that child’s life 
could be lost to abortion, huge majori-
ties—not just for late-term abortion 
opposition—but 
huge 
majorities 
in 
America are clearly trending in favor 
of life. That is, like I mentioned, those 
with Down syndrome, 70 percent want 
that child to be given life. For those 
who are without Down syndrome, there 
are huge majorities as well. 
On funding, not only the Marist poll 
but the other polls show as well that 6 
out of 10 Americans do not want their 
taxpayer dollars being used for funding 
of abortion. 
Just a few weeks ago, we passed leg-
islation and appropriations bills, dur-
ing the summer, that are pending over 
on the Senate side that would evis-
cerate 
the 
Hyde 
amendment, 
an 
amendment I first offered in 1983 called 
the Federal Employees Health Benefits 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:02 Sep 25, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00030
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K24SE7.042
H24SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 29-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5167 
September 24, 2021 
Program Abortion Ban, legislation to 
say that taxpayers don’t want to be 
complicit in, as I said before, chemical 
poisoning, dismemberment abortions, 
the methods that are used routinely by 
the abortionists to kill that baby. 
It is an assault on life. It is an as-
sault on the weakest and the most vul-
nerable. We need to be caring for the 
weakest and most vulnerable. 
You hold a child in your hand, and 
especially if you go to a NICU and look 
at these preemies—and you know that 
personally, Mr. GOHMERT, through your 
personal experience. You look at those 
children, and they are in desperate 
need of love and concern and good med-
ical interventions that affirm their life 
and not take it. They are just so help-
less. 
You know, all the glib talk about 
choice—choice to do what? Kill a baby. 
I think we have to be so honest. 
As I said with Linda’s story—and 
there are thousands of stories like that 
of women who have been harmed. 
Often, there is relief when the abortion 
is over—not all the time. But it kicks 
in over time, either whatever method 
was used or just how old would that 
child be today. 
The beauty of these outreaches to 
post-abortive women is that they are 
nonjudgmental. It is all about loving 
the woman and helping the woman. My 
wife, Marie, and I know many post- 
abortive women. 
Alveda King, the niece of Dr. Martin 
Luther King, had two abortions. She is 
now strongly pro-life, and she made the 
statement in a speech where she asked 
how we can honor the legacy and the 
dream of her uncle, Martin Luther 
King, if we murder the babies. 
But she and so many others reach out 
in love and compassion to those women 
and say: That is over. Yes, the baby is 
gone, but we love you, and we care for 
you. 
I have been in this movement, the 
pro-life movement, for 49 years. I got 
involved in 1972, my first year in col-
lege. I have often thought if people just 
knew the truth, like Linda said in her 
testimony, they would run out of the 
abortion clinics. 
Bernard Nathanson, the founder of 
NARAL, one of the biggest pro-abor-
tion organizations in the country, he is 
one of the three who founded it, along 
with 
Lawrence 
Lader 
and 
Betty 
Friedan. Bernard Nathanson wrote in 
the New England Journal of Medicine 
that he came to the agonizing conclu-
sion that he had presided over 60,000 
deaths, and he became a pro-lifer. He 
said if wombs had windows—and that is 
what ultrasound is. We can now see 
that child moving, sucking his or her 
thumb. It just explodes the myth that 
somehow these children are not human 
and alive. 
They have a wake and sleep cycle. 
They exchange the breathing that they 
have been doing with the amniotic 
fluid and building up of their lungs for 
air at birth. It is the magnificent con-
tinuum of life that starts at concep-
tion. 
Again, as I said a moment ago, birth 
is an event, just an event that happens 
in life. We have many events. That is a 
big one. We all remember our birthday, 
but it is not the beginning of life. 
These children deserve respect. 
Again, I thank Mr. GOHMERT for his 
leadership. 
I say to anyone who may be listen-
ing, there is Project Rachel, within the 
Catholic Church; the Silence No More 
Awareness Campaign; and all of these 
efforts being made across the country 
and the world to reach out to post- 
abortive women. 
Then there are the pregnancy care 
centers, some 3,000 of them throughout 
the country, that do nothing but say 
we love them both. We want mother 
and baby to be assisted, and that in-
cludes after the child is born. 
I have gotten to know many of those 
people. They are mostly women who 
run them. It is all about love in action. 
They care so completely for those 
women and their families, and they 
stay with them. Some of the women 
who run them are post-abortive them-
selves, so they know the agony that 
could occur if the abortion is procured. 
The pro-life movement is all about 
affirming life in a nonjudgmental way. 
Like I said, I have been in it for about 
half a century. We need to do more, 
and we need to reclaim the protection 
of life in our law and policy. 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I appre-
ciate so much my friend talking about 
loving the ones alive, the baby, the 
mother, because so often the focus is 
only on mothers that have had an abor-
tion and good for them and not on 
those times when their hearts are deep-
ly broken and that love needed to nur-
ture and care for them. 
I am just grateful that we worship a 
God that believes in second chances, 
and there is nothing that we can do to 
separate us from that love. 
I had the privilege of hearing a lady 
named Ramona Trevino. I was guest- 
hosting somebody’s radio show, and I 
had her on so that more people could 
hear her story. 
b 1315 
It is amazing. She is a brilliant, bril-
liant person. She was top of her class 
in high school, and I believe it was at 
15 that she became pregnant. In the 
Hispanic community they had looked 
at her as a rising star, going to be a 
great leader, and then she became preg-
nant, and there were those who encour-
aged her to go ahead and have an abor-
tion. She didn’t. 
But she was so smart. Eventually 
there was an opening she saw for direc-
tor of Planned Parenthood in Sherman, 
Texas, and so she applied. And because 
she was obviously so smart, she got the 
job. And she continued to raise her 
daughter. 
But they were teaching the people 
who worked at Planned Parenthood 
that the most important statistic that 
the directors reviewed in their direc-
tors’ meetings were how many young 
girls are you able to get on birth con-
trol pills. That was a more important 
number than how many abortions you 
did that month. 
The big money came from the abor-
tions, of course, but the numbers that 
they really pushed at the directors’ 
meetings: How young are you getting 
them on the pill? And how many are 
you getting on birth control pills? 
And to do that, they were trained to 
tell the child: Look, your mother obvi-
ously, I am sure, will not approve of 
this, and you don’t have to tell her. 
This is between you and me, and I will 
keep your confidence. I will let you 
know that I am your friend, and I will 
be here for you. 
It was building to, as they were 
taught, the younger you get a girl on 
birth control pills, the more likely she 
is to forget some day and become preg-
nant, and that is when they made the 
big bucks, off the abortion. It began to 
bother Ramona so much that they were 
teaching their employees to come be-
tween somebody like her and her own 
daughter. 
And then to really affirmatively get 
young girls on birth control pills be-
cause they were more likely to forget 
and get pregnant, encouraging them to 
have a really wild sexual life so that 
they could get pregnant became more 
than she could take, and she had to 
leave her position. It was just too 
much. She sounded the alarm on that 
for years. 
But just the idea that you use dis-
honesty to try to make a customer— 
not a patient, but a customer—out of a 
young child and our laws all over the 
country say this person is not legally 
eligible to make a binding contract 
without adult advice and supervision; 
and yet that is where the focus is, get 
those girls pregnant so that we can 
make money on an abortion. 
I yield to the gentleman from New 
Jersey. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. The pa-
rental involvement laws which would 
be overturned by this legislation deal 
with abortion, not with birth control. 
Just abortion. There is a bright line of 
demarcation between the two. 
I remember meeting with a woman 
from Virginia who testified here on 
Capitol Hill, and at the time she called 
her 
group 
Mothers 
Against 
Minor 
Abortion, and the way she discovered 
that her daughter had an abortion was 
when she was hemorrhaging in her bed. 
She went into the young girl’s room 
and was shocked to find that she was, 
you know, very, very, very at risk, and 
quickly got her to the hospital. Thank-
fully, things turned out okay. 
You know, the modest bills that 
would be overturned by this legisla-
tion—I mean, I am the prime sponsor 
of the bill here in the House to protect 
pain-capable children. We have had 
votes on that in the past. Trent Franks 
sponsored that in the past. That is at 
20 weeks. We know beyond any reason-
able doubt that at least at 20 weeks, 
and maybe before, an unborn child feels 
pain. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:02 Sep 25, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00031
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K24SE7.044
H24SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 30-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5168 
September 24, 2021 
Dr. Sunny Anand, who is not even a 
pro-life pain specialist, has said that 
sometimes that pain can be far in ex-
cess of what a newborn or any less 
would feel because the pain receptors 
are so close to the skin, to the exposed 
area. 
When the dismemberment process be-
gins, the arm or the leg or some other 
body part is literally hacked off that 
child. Nobody wants to talk about 
that. They talk about choice. That ob-
scures the fact that it is a violent pro-
cedure. As that is happening, the child 
feels pain until that child, either 
through shock or death, no longer feels 
it, then a dismemberment abortion 
goes on, and they don’t feel it any-
more. 
I mean, I don’t like pain. I don’t 
think anybody in this Chamber does. 
That is why we take analgesics and all 
kinds of pain relievers, to mitigate 
pain when we feel it. 
That child gets no such intervention, 
and he or she suffers an excruciatingly 
painful process as they are being dis-
membered. 
We need a national debate on abor-
tion like never before. The news media 
needs to cease its enabling of a nar-
rative that is truly false that com-
pletely trivializes the unborn child, 
acts as if they don’t exist because, ob-
viously, they do. We need to be, I 
think, trying to protect the weakest 
and most vulnerable. 
I hope we have many more debates 
like today. Not less, but more. We need 
more light and scrutiny being brought 
to this issue. Many women have spoken 
up who have been harmed. At the an-
nual March for Life, several of the Si-
lent No More Awareness women have 
spoken. And what courage that takes 
to stand up and tell your story, and 
often with family present to see this. 
We are really, hopefully, going to 
pivot. 
I respect our friends on the other side 
of the aisle. I believe that we need to 
always keep it civil. But, again, those 
children, they are facing a death sen-
tence. 
As someone who is against capital 
punishment, even when there is a com-
mission of a capital crime, capital pun-
ishment for the unborn must end. 
I thank you and I yield back to my 
friend. 
Mr. GOHMERT. I appreciate my 
friend so much. Thank you. 
I saw a podium out on the steps. 
There was going to be a great celebra-
tion for women. I was a little surprised 
because I was thinking we weren’t sup-
posed to talk about genders like men 
and women, father, mother, and all 
that under Speaker PELOSI’s rules, but 
anyway, apparently it is okay today. 
But it is hard to think about rejoic-
ing when we are going to keep taking 
the lives of the most innocent among 
us. 
I know the big hearts of some of my 
friends on the other side, and knowing 
their big hearts it is sometimes amaz-
ing to think: You surely can’t feel good 
about this. 
In a Judiciary hearing some years 
back, we had a doctor testify who did 
late-term 
abortions, 
up 
until 
his 
daughter was in a car wreck, and he be-
came so nauseous when he went to do 
another abortion that he couldn’t do 
them anymore. 
I have said, in my days as a judge, I 
have seen pictures I wish I could get 
out of my mind. I recall one young lady 
that was a victim, and she had been 
put in a 50-gallon barrel to try to hide 
her body, lime poured on, and they 
couldn’t tell, was this limb removed 
while she was alive or was it from dete-
rioration. 
But this doctor said, when it comes 
to the late-term abortion, the child is 
clearly too big to remove from the 
womb without assistance, and he de-
scribed—in much more detail than I 
will be able to go into—taking a clamp 
and feeling inside the womb until you 
find what you know is a limb, arm or 
leg, clamping on, ripping the arm or 
leg from the child at a time, like Mr. 
SMITH
said, they absolutely do feel 
great pain, perhaps more than an 
adult. Ripping one. Then you continue 
to feel for a limb and rip off another 
until you have done that four times. 
And then, in his words, you feel for 
something bulbous at that point. Then 
you know you have the child’s head. 
You crush the head, and then pull what 
is left out and dispose of it. 
There are just too many big hearts 
on the other side of the aisle not to at 
some point realize that that is some-
thing we probably should not be doing. 
Very, very tragic. 
I remember, you know, reading in the 
Bible as I was young and the verses 
from the Old Testament about parents 
putting their child in an idol’s hand, 
flames leaping up so that the child 
could be burned to death and that they 
began to be desensitized to the screams 
of the children as they burned to death. 
And I thought that is inconceivable, es-
pecially that a parent could do that to 
a child. 
But when you hear about late-term 
abortions and you hear some of the 
things that our society is doing in the 
name of freedom and rights—I believe 
in God, but hypothetically, let’s say 
anybody that doesn’t, you just believe 
in karma, don’t believe in God. Is it 
conceivable that good karma could 
come from tearing arms and legs off an 
innocent child who hasn’t done one sin-
gle thing wrong? 
Even if you don’t believe in God, you 
can’t surely think that is going to 
bring you a lot of good karma. And, 
certainly, as you celebrate the ability 
to continue to take innocent lives, that 
surely can’t bring good karma. 
For people who believe in God, such 
as me, it is easy to understand why 
that is described as being so very, very 
infuriating to a loving God. 
But that was passed today. I don’t 
think it is constitutional. I think that 
surely there are people on the Supreme 
Court, hopefully five or six anyway, 
that have believed for years that 
should have been left to the States and 
the people. 
And so for the Federal Government 
to jump in and say they are taking 
over, and they are knocking out all the 
power of the States and the people to 
legislate—as Mississippi or Texas or 
other States have—surely now that 
will end up being found to be unconsti-
tutional by this body. That is the hope 
and prayer. 
b 1330 
When it comes to being callous, 
sometimes this body just is. And I 
heard my friend, the majority leader, 
say that Republicans don’t like voting 
to pay the bills, and he is not quite 
right on that. I know he means well 
and wouldn’t deceive intentionally, so 
this isn’t engaging in personalities, but 
he doesn’t have that quite right. What 
Republicans don’t like voting on and 
voting for, rather, is our great-grand-
children having to pay our bills. 
And if this body next week becomes 
successful in adding $3 trillion more to 
our national debt in the shortest 
amount of time in all of American his-
tory, debt that we can never pay 
back—well, I say never. Actually, the 
only way we can pay back the kind of 
debt that is being heaped up is if the 
Biden administration creates such run-
away inflation that we start having the 
kind of inflation that Weimar Germany 
had where people were having to carry 
wheelbarrows full of cash just to buy a 
loaf of bread. If we had that kind of in-
flation then, yes, money would be so 
devalued that we probably could pay 
back our debt. But unless we go 
through something like that that is so 
economically destructive that there 
would be Democrats and Republicans 
alike wanting to have a revolution, we 
don’t want that, we don’t need that. We 
should never allow ourselves to start 
down that road of having that kind of 
runaway inflation. Even though it 
would enable us to pay back the debt, 
it would be at the cost of total destruc-
tion of the Nation we love. 
So Republicans, we don’t mind pay-
ing our own way. A good example is 
how many Republicans were upset back 
when President Bush was in his last 
couple years of office—and it may have 
been the last year we were in the ma-
jority as Republicans—but I remember 
we were $160 billion approximately in 
the red that year, about $106 billion or 
so in the red that was going to be 
added to the national debt. 
And my Democrat friends across the 
aisle appropriately pointed out that we 
should have balanced the budget. We 
were within $160 billion or so. They 
were right. We should have balanced 
the budget. Some of us were upset that 
we didn’t. We were so close. Why not 
just do it and set that marker and con-
tinue down that course? 
So with a promise that Democrats 
would be balancing the budget they 
won back the majority, and who would 
have ever dreamed that that 160 or so 
billion-dollar debt in 1 year, in Presi-
dent Obama first year, would become 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:02 Sep 25, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00032
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K24SE7.046
H24SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 31-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5169 
September 24, 2021 
1.5 to $1.6 trillion debt in 1 year? Who 
would have ever believed that the peo-
ple that said, oh, you had $160 billion in 
debt, we are going to balance it, we are 
going to fix it, just put us in the major-
ity; they got the majority, and we ran 
up nearly $1.6 trillion in debt in 1 year. 
And it was following that a year or 
two later Standard and Poor’s said you 
can’t keep running up this debt with-
out us having to downgrade the quality 
of your debt, which means you will end 
up paying more interest, and you will 
end up having to pay more, a higher 
percentage of your overall revenue for 
just interest, which means less for 
Medicare, less for Social Security, less 
for those that are really in need and we 
need to help. And Standard and Poor’s 
did exactly that. They downgraded our 
debt. And as I understand it, if any 
other rating service had downgraded 
our debt at the same time, interest 
rates would have shot up for the U.S. 
Government. But fortunately we got a 
break. That didn’t happen. Didn’t get 
another service. Maybe they were being 
dishonest in not downgrading our debt 
because they were right; under those 
Democratic majorities we were not 
being true to ourselves and our genera-
tion and future generations. We were 
creating debt that would be passed on 
for generations to come. 
And I thought back then and said as 
much years ago, that would be like an 
adult going in to a bank and saying I 
need this massive loan. Well, what is it 
for? It is because I cannot control my 
spending. I just can’t stop spending. I 
am out of control. So I need a big loan. 
Well, what do you have for security, for 
collateral? Well, I brought my children 
and grandchildren in here, and so I am 
going to make them sign off so that 
they will guarantee all the debt I am 
running up because I can’t control my 
spending. Well, no banker in their right 
mind would loan money, but as the 
Federal Government we don’t have to 
have a banker agree to it, we just agree 
to it. 
And we even have people who become 
jubilant, wow, we were able to just add 
another $3 trillion to the backs of our 
great-great-grandchildren 
some 
day. 
Why? Because we just can’t control our 
spending. That is surely immoral. That 
is what Republicans don’t like voting 
for; putting more debt on future gen-
erations’ children. 
And so Republicans were wrong. We 
should have balanced that budget when 
we were within $160 billion of doing so 
instead of failing to do that, which en-
abled the Democrat majority to run up 
1.5, $1.6 trillion in 1 year; and, boy, did 
that blow the lid off the debt. And, yes, 
after that both parties were just busy 
raising the debt, raising the debt, all 
kinds of gimmicks to raise the debt, 
but at some point we are going to have 
to either say this has got to stop or we 
are going to finish destroying this 
country. 
And, again, I think it is a moral 
issue. Are you moral enough not to 
make future generations pay for what 
you refuse to? And I hope the answer 
is, no, we are not going to do that, we 
are going to at some point start being 
responsible. 
But here in Washington it is a mal-
ady that seems to set in for so many, 
for either party that gets here and then 
finds, wow, we have got so much power, 
look what we can do. Since we know so 
much better than anybody else in the 
country, even though their IQ may be 
40 points higher than our own, gee, we 
need to make decisions because overall 
we are smarter. 
So it is hard not to get very cynical 
here in Washington. And I have used 
the quote before that, you know, Wash-
ington saying no matter how cynical 
you get, it is never enough to catch up. 
I think my chief of staff has caught up 
now. She has gotten pretty cynical. 
But when you see the hundreds of bil-
lions of dollars that are at stake for 
pharmaceutical companies, who I have 
applauded the way the Trump adminis-
tration got the red tape out of the way 
to get to a vaccine in record times, 
even though the current President and 
Vice President said as long as Trump 
was President they wouldn’t trust it, 
now they are not only trusting what 
President Trump got done, but forcing 
people to have the vaccinations who 
have serious reservations, who are fa-
miliar with the issue of informed con-
sent. One of the greatest developments 
in the history of healthcare that— 
maybe it has been only 100 years in the 
whole history of man out of the thou-
sands of years of recorded history, 
maybe 100 years is all we have had— 
some medical historians say of living 
at a time when you had a better chance 
of getting well after seeing a doctor 
than of getting worse. 
So you think about the thousands of 
years where you had a better chance of 
getting sicker after seeing a doctor 
than getting well. And we have now 
lived through an incredible handful of 
decades where not only do you have a 
better chance of getting well, you are 
likely to get well. And that continues 
to be the case as more and more life-
saving 
and 
life-enhancing 
develop-
ments are made in medical care, in 
healthcare. 
And yet the concept I am talking 
about that was such a great develop-
ment for not only healthcare but for 
freedom is called informed consent. 
So we are going to be filing next 
week a bill that addresses this: The Na-
tional Informed Consent Exemption, 
the NICE bill, N-I-C-E, that will allow 
people—in fact, mandate that each in-
dividual will make their own decision 
about 
vaccination 
after 
consulting 
with their own physician about their 
own biology of their own body, what 
they are at risk for, which conditions 
are more likely to occur with a par-
ticular vaccine, which vaccine to use, 
whether any of them are good for that 
particular person to use. 
It troubled me deeply when I was 
told, gee, if an employer does what 
President Biden is mandating and says 
you are not going to work here unless 
you get a vaccination. And last I saw 
there were over 7,000 deaths that oc-
curred right after getting a vaccina-
tion. CDC is careful to say, yeah, but 
that doesn’t mean that just because 
they died right after the vaccination, 
that the vaccination caused it. Okay. 
But some of them surely did. 
A friend in Carthage lost her husband 
after he got the vaccination. She said 
she didn’t think he should, it wasn’t a 
good idea because of his condition. He 
got it, died. And when they opened him 
up he was just full of blood clots, which 
was one of the risks for the vaccination 
he took. And she said: ‘‘He would be 
with me today if he had not been vac-
cinated.’’ 
Well, those are things a patient needs 
to talk about with their own physician, 
make those decisions, and then give in-
formed consent to get the vaccination. 
That is what a free Nation should do 
instead of mandating things that could 
cause death or problems. 
Thankfully, that is not the high per-
centage of what will happen, but it de-
pends on your makeup what the discus-
sion would be. 
So I hope that we will get this bill 
passed at some point, whether it is in 
the next year and a half or in the ses-
sion after that, but we need to get back 
to giving people freedom to make in-
formed decisions rather than mandated 
decisions from a bloated Washington 
bureaucracy that doesn’t know one 
thing about the biology of an indi-
vidual patient about their risk of 
death. 
But I started to mention, I was sur-
prised even apparently from what I 
have been told that even if your em-
ployer mandates you cannot work here 
unless you get a vaccination, you are 
totally on your own. Even worker’s 
compensation—from what I was ad-
vised, even worker’s comp will not help 
you or your family if you become dis-
abled from the vaccination. If you are 
one of the 7,000 plus that dies, nothing. 
b 1345 
I would like to see it changed, but 
Congress has protected the pharma-
ceuticals, so you can’t sue them. 
Maybe we need to make it where any 
government official that mandates a 
vaccination that causes death or dis-
ability, maybe that government offi-
cial—maybe we should open that up to 
tort reform that allows pursuit of that 
government official that forces some-
body to get a vaccination. Because 
when somebody is forced into some-
thing and they are not allowed to have 
any input whatsoever, they, of course, 
lost their freedom. But at least give 
their family a chance, if you are going 
to force them to do something that 
kills them, at least allow the family a 
chance to recover for the loss of the 
person that the government official or 
the employer mandated take action 
that took their life. 
Of course, we have the President— 
here is a story on September 21 by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:02 Sep 25, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00033
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K24SE7.048
H24SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 32-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5170 
September 24, 2021 
Charlie 
Spiering—that 
Joe 
Biden 
boasted to the United Nations he re-
stored the commitment to the World 
Health Organization. Well, for those 
that have not been following the news, 
that means that President Biden has 
restored the commitment of the United 
States to the best interests of the Chi-
nese Communist Party because the 
Chinese Communist Party clearly has 
tremendous control over the World 
Health Organization. 
That was one of the things President 
Trump found shocking, that we paid 
hundreds of millions of dollars to the 
World Health Organization and they 
did not act in accordance with the best 
interests of the United States. China 
paid, it seems like it was $30 or $40 mil-
lion, and the World Health Organiza-
tion helped cover up what occurred in 
Wuhan. They continued to lie for the 
Chinese Communist Party. They con-
tinued to do the bidding for the Chi-
nese Communist Party. 
This story makes clear that, actu-
ally, President Biden now has made 
sure that the United States is now 
fully supportive with and for the Chi-
nese Communist Party along with the 
World Health Organization. 
A great article from Justin Haskins 
with The Federalist discusses Joe 
Biden’s vaccine mandate as blatantly 
unconstitutional, and then the article 
says it is flatly unconstitutional. It 
truly is, but we have come to a place in 
American history, which I guess these 
things have happened before, there 
have been ridiculously inane decisions 
about the Supreme Court in our his-
tory. 
Well, until the Supreme Court acts, 
this blatantly unconstitutional action 
by the Federal Government is allowed 
to continue to keep taking place. So we 
will see what happens in the future. 
But we keep hearing from the other 
side about how uncaring and hard-
hearted Republicans are because of our 
position about our borders. Well, it 
wasn’t that important to have secure 
borders before we started providing 
welfare benefits to American citizens. 
Once that started occurring, as Milton 
Friedman pointed out, you must have 
borders if you are going to have a wel-
fare state; otherwise, it will be a very 
short time before your country will 
cease to exist. 
I understand the strategy. The more 
millions of people we get into this 
country, especially those that are eas-
ily duped and don’t speak English, they 
are seen as new voters for the Demo-
cratic Party. I get that. But for Heav-
en’s sake, have a little heart about and 
for the people that are being lured into 
this country. The 15,000, 16,000 Haitians 
that just came in recently weren’t 
coming from Haiti. They were Haitians 
originally, but they had gone to South 
America—most of them, some Central 
America. When they got word that the 
Biden administration was slinging open 
the border, letting anybody come in— 
terrorists, give us your tired, your 
poor. Terrorists that want to destroy 
our country, come on in. This adminis-
tration is going to help. 
Heck, we will even load up planes in 
Afghanistan and bring people that we 
are now hearing are likely terrorists. 
We will bring them on in because they 
may vote Democratic at some point. 
But a caring person would under-
stand these people left Haiti because 
they couldn’t live under the conditions 
in Haiti. They went seeking a better 
life and found it in one country or an-
other until they got word that the bor-
der is open: You can come into Amer-
ica because President Joe Biden is not 
going to send us back. 
Then for 1,400 of those 15,000 to 16,000 
Haitians, they were not sent back 
where they came from seeking a better 
life. They were sent back to Haiti 
where they hadn’t lived in years. That 
is why you see some of them crying, 
weeping on television: How could they 
do this? They brought me back where I 
couldn’t live. I couldn’t make a living. 
I couldn’t live. We left here. We were 
doing better. And then we come to the 
U.S. because you lured us up there, and 
now you send us back to the place 
where we couldn’t make a living. 
I mean, what kind of country does 
that? What kind of political leaders do 
that? 
Well, the answer is this administra-
tion. If we had enough compassion for 
the people of Mexico, Central America, 
South America, if we had the right 
kind of compassion, truly caring about 
the people of those countries, what we 
would do is secure the border. 
The hell going on in Mexico because 
of the corruption from the drug cartels 
doesn’t need to be happening. Why is it 
happening? Because the United States 
of America, the home of the brave, the 
land of the free, we are sending tens of 
billions of dollars to the drug cartels in 
Mexico. 
They are getting money for bringing 
people into the U.S. illegally from the 
people they are bringing. But they 
don’t have enough, most of them don’t 
have the money to pay the whole debt, 
so they are told you can work it off, be-
cause when you get where we are send-
ing you, and we are going to get the 
U.S. Government to pay to send you 
where we, the drug cartels, need you to 
work. 
As we have been told in testimony 
here on the Hill before, there are drug 
cartels in every city in America. The 
U.S. Government, as the border patrol-
men told me down there, they call us 
their logistics. The drug cartels get 
them across the border, and then we 
ship them wherever the drug cartels 
want them to go. 
This has to stop. This is an existen-
tial threat to America. As some friends 
from around the globe have said, we 
get upset with the United States but 
you have to understand, we see your 
light, light of freedom, we see your 
light going out. You have to under-
stand, when the light of freedom goes 
out in America, it will go out around 
the world. 
Reagan said no generation that lost 
freedom got it back in the same gen-
eration. I am telling you, if we are not 
more careful in this body, that light 
will be extinguished, and I don’t think 
it will ever come back until the end of 
time. 
We have to be careful what we are 
doing. We have tremendous responsi-
bility. To whom much is given, much is 
required. We have an awesome obliga-
tion, and we are not filling it when we 
run up a $3 trillion debt, nor when we 
legislate to kill the most innocent 
among us. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
HELPING WORKING POOR 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-
uary 4, 2021, the Chair recognizes the 
gentleman 
from 
Arizona 
(Mr. 
SCHWEIKERT) for 30 minutes. 
Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, to 
my friend LOUIE, it is always inter-
esting listening to you. People know 
how freaky smart you are. 
Mr. Speaker, we are going to try to 
do something for the next half an hour, 
and I don’t want to sound like a jerk 
when I do some of it. Some of it I am 
sincerely trying to find a way to talk 
about something that is of intense con-
cern to me. But it is also going to be a 
pretty direct assault on a lot of the 
left’s policy right now. I am hoping 
there will be some hearts that will lis-
ten to the concern and to the solutions. 
Mr. Speaker, if I came to you right 
now and said: What is the single most 
economically violent thing you could 
do to someone that is in the working 
poor, those brothers and sisters who 
didn’t graduate high school, who basi-
cally the economic value they sell is 
their labor, their work talent? We are 
talking 25 million to 40 million Ameri-
cans who functionally are in that cat-
egory. They are hardworking, lower 
middle class. 
What we have allowed to happen so 
far this year, the brutality to their 
family’s ability to survive, to economi-
cally exist—I want to walk through 
some of the math, and then I want to 
talk about why the left believes a se-
ries of transfer payments is the way to 
make their life better, unlike when we 
actually had the data from 2017, 2018, 
when we saw the working poor get dra-
matically less poor because their labor 
became more valuable. 
What is the number one thing you do, 
the first thing you do, to crush people 
in that lower end of the scale who are 
out there busting their backside trying 
to survive? You open up the border. 
We have really good data here, and 
we are going to talk about a couple of 
our slides, but there are lots of studies. 
The amusing thing, some of the older 
studies were actually promoted by lib-
eral think tanks that actually thought 
that the exploitation of cheap labor 
coming across the border was actually 
a thing to crush the poor in the United 
States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:02 Sep 25, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00034
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K24SE7.050
H24SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 33-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5171 
September 24, 2021 
We all forget, a decade, decade-and-a- 
half ago, it was the left who believed in 
securing the border to protect working 
men and women, and the right was the 
one that was accused of saying we want 
cheap labor for our business colleagues. 
It is amazing how the ideology has 
flipped. 
But we actually have a couple of 
studies that basically come back—and 
these are tough because we are going 
to talk some pretty aggressive math. If 
you take a family that you and I would 
designate as the working poor today 
and you flood society with 1 million, 2 
million in, functionally, a 12-month, 24- 
month period of time, you have just 
lowered their future earning power. 
In one of the studies, it is about 6.2 
percent, which is a stunning amount to 
think that, at the end of a decade, 
their wages are going to be over 6 per-
cent less. They didn’t participate in 
the growth of the value of their labor 
going up. 
I will argue that we are missing one 
of the most critical parts of discussing 
what is happening in the southern bor-
der of our country. And being from Ari-
zona, we are seeing it. 
b 1400 
If we love and care about the people 
that struggle in our country, then why 
would we allow a policy—and I hear on 
occasion, well, we are being compas-
sionate. You damn well are not being 
compassionate to the people that are 
already here. 
We can demonstrate in study after 
study—and these aren’t conservative 
studies; they are academic. Some of 
them when we went back, we went 
back 10 to 15 years and found some that 
talked about that they were going 
after President Bush’s policy of immi-
gration reform and what it was going 
to do to working men and women, par-
ticularly on, we will call it, the work-
ing poor categories. 
It just breaks my heart that, on oc-
casion, we are going to have the immi-
gration conversation of the chaos that 
is going on at the border. Could we ac-
tually demonstrate some love and car-
ing for those working families, for 
those working individuals on the lower 
income end? 
Mr. Speaker, this isn’t comfortable 
coming from someone that looks like 
me from Scottsdale. But if you actu-
ally see the stratification on the num-
bers, you take urban African Ameri-
cans and we are kicking their head in 
economically, more than just over the 
next year, but over the next decade. 
I have a fixation that economic ex-
pansion, you know, economic growth, 
is moral. Particularly what we saw in 
2018 and 2019, before COVID, we saw 
this amazing thing where income in-
equality was shrinking at the fastest 
ever in modern economic history, that 
the working poor were getting dra-
matically less poor. The rich were get-
ting richer, but not as fast as the poor 
were getting less poor. That has to be 
the goal. 
What is the other thing you also do 
to absolutely crush the working poor? 
You open up the borders and devalue 
their labor, and then you allow an in-
flationary cycle right now. 
I have been there. I mean, God 
knows, I lived in a little, tiny room be-
hind a garage for years just trying to 
economically survive. I got very lucky. 
But to someone that that is their 
life, when the rent goes up, when fuel 
goes up, when food goes up, all these 
things where, for someone that is in 
the working poor, the percentage of 
their wages, their income, maybe even 
their transfer payments gets chewed up 
by inflation. And at the same time, you 
are lowering the value of their wages. 
Why would we do this? Do my broth-
ers and sisters on the left actually have 
any labor economists who are willing 
to tell the truth, that at the end of this 
year, the very population that both 
sides here claim we care about will be 
poorer? Their lives will be more miser-
able. 
We are better than this. I am frus-
trated because I understand the left’s 
solution is, well, we are going to stack 
them up with transfer payments. Okay. 
We are going to talk about how that 
gives you a nice pop. 
By the end of the decade, you could 
have gone with the conservative model, 
which is economic vitality, growth, 
make the wages more valuable, those 
things, a supply-side model where 
things get cheaper because you have 
incentivized productivity and produc-
tion, those things. 
Remember the rule of thumb. What 
are the two ways you pay someone 
more? Inflation, which means you raise 
their wages, but they didn’t get any-
thing more for it because it is just 
chasing the costs, or productivity 
where you are able to pay people more 
because we built a tax and regulatory 
code that encouraged investment in 
pieces of equipment, in training that 
made that worker more valuable, and, 
therefore, they get paid more without 
setting off inflation. We were living 
that just about a year and a half ago. 
That is what we were seeing in 2018 to 
2019. 
Look, there is another study out 
there that just talks about the de-
crease in wages that is now happening. 
When you start to increase the labor 
supply—and believe it or not, this one 
shows 10 percent. But remember, it is 
10 percent within that subcategory. 
If the border crossing numbers stay 
where they are, that is what we are 
going to hit for the next decade. That 
study says over 6 percent, and this one 
says almost immediately we are going 
to take the working poor and not see 
their wages go up. This study says they 
are going to go down 3 percent almost 
immediately because that is what hap-
pens when you raise the labor pool of 
people with similar skill sets. It is a 
type of cruelty. 
If I came to you and said that we 
both care about the working middle 
class, the hardworking middle class, 
and we both particularly care about 
the working poor in the country be-
cause we believe that by making their 
lives more economically viable and 
prosperous, our society, our country, 
gets better, healthier, and we don’t 
tear at each other. 
The left talks a lot about income in-
equality, and I actually agree with 
that. I believe the stratification. But 
you don’t do it by kicking one quartile 
in the head. You do it by lifting up the 
mass and making their labor much 
more valuable. 
But what happens when we start to 
actually say the way the left is going 
to do it is, we are going to do trillions 
of dollars of transfer payments. We will 
see childhood poverty. Families with 
children who are in poverty is unac-
ceptable where it is at. There is a hand-
ful of things that we would all agree to 
do to help that population. 
But are you really going to do trans-
fer payments for folks with kids up 
into the $400,000-a-year income? Be-
cause that is what the legislation says. 
Is that really helping children that are 
growing up in poverty households? 
I think one of the numbers is it caps 
out, for a couple with kids, mid-$400s. 
That is really the left’s definition of 
struggling families? Or is it actually a 
level of, sort of, dark political games-
manship, saying: We are not only going 
to take care of the population that we 
agree we must find a way to make 
them more prosperous, but we are 
going to take the rest, the most of our 
society, and we are going to make sure 
they are addicted to a monthly trans-
fer payment because they will be be-
holden to one political party. 
If that is so, be honest about it. It is 
brilliant politics. It is devastatingly 
horrible economics. 
As you can start to see with this 
chart I am holding, by the end of the 
decade, we are going to be much poorer 
as a country, much poorer as a society. 
The size of our economy will actually 
be smaller because of the way we are 
doing this. 
I am going to have to do this on the 
floor next week because I wanted to 
make sure I got my math absolutely 
correct because it is a hard dataset. By 
the end of the decade, you can do the 
Democrat’s transfer payment model or 
our model to help those who are most 
in need, and then an aggressive eco-
nomic growth model. You would have a 
dramatically bigger, healthier econ-
omy in the Republican model. Wages 
would be at a point where you would 
actually have almost the same poverty 
statistic. 
The difference is the left’s version of 
a transfer payment model to help the 
poor, and now the craziness of taking it 
up to people making $400,000-some on 
that child credit. You create a world, 
at the end of the decade, where these 
populations, their wages are worth 
less, 
their 
work 
opportunities 
are 
worth less, their ability to save for re-
tirement is worth less. Their future 
prospects are basically beholden to the 
Democrats sending more money. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:02 Sep 25, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00035
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K24SE7.051
H24SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 34-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5172 
September 24, 2021 
With the Republican model, you 
don’t get the same political credit, and 
you don’t get the same political loy-
alty to your party, but they have an 
economic future. Their savings, their 
future wages, their ability to save for 
retirement are dramatically different. 
Yes, those people are free to actually 
go wherever they want, ideologically. 
But it is a better economic model for 
our society. We are seeing datasets 
after datasets. What the Democrats are 
about to do in their $3.5 trillion—no 
matter where it ultimately goes, they 
are going to make our society poorer. 
They are going to make those working 
people poorer. 
The Tax Foundation just published, 
and I have only done the first skim of 
it, but they are looking at a horizon. 
They are saying, look, revenues are 
only coming in at a fraction of what 
the Democrats are scoring over time 
because of the shrinkage of the size of 
the economy. 
They may get a trillion dollars of 
new 
revenues, 
but 
long-run 
GDP, 
wages, jobs are all smaller, and fairly 
dramatically smaller over time. There 
will be 300,000 of our brothers and sis-
ters who no longer have job prospects. 
The size of the economy will be small-
er. 
It is sort of a dark way for those who 
care a lot about prosperity in our soci-
ety. How can you engage in a political 
plan, saying, well, we are going to do 
these types of redesigning the econ-
omy, redesigning our society, basically 
becoming a European transfer income 
socialist society, which that is the 
model, without admitting, oh, by the 
way, at the end of the decade, if you 
were to take away the transfer pay-
ments, the society is much poorer. 
With the transfer payments, the future 
of our society, the future of these 
workers, the future of the working 
poor, their prospects are much, much 
less. 
This is a pretty dark thing I believe 
the Democrats are doing. I think a lot 
of them have never had an economist 
sit down and walk them through the 
math, saying: You are going to get a 
nice little sugar high for a while, but 
by the end of the decade, you are going 
to have a fairly stagnant and almost no 
economic growth. And people are going 
to be getting poorer every single day. 
I refuse to be like some of my col-
leagues out there who believe that is 
actually a mission of the Democrats, to 
make more of the society addicted to 
their largesse. I believe that we both 
love and care about people, and we 
want them to prosper. I just need 
someone to buy my brothers and sis-
ters on the left a calculator so they can 
see what they are about to do. 
This isn’t all of them. We can actu-
ally keep finding more. This is just the 
list we have as of right now of all the 
tax hikes. There seems to be this scam 
going around here of, well, we are only 
going to tax the rich. 
Now, we all know that is a fraud, and 
I am going to show you how. If they 
really wanted to transfer wealth from 
very wealthy people, it is not about 
taxing them because when you do that, 
you distort economic decisions. Stop 
subsidizing them. 
You do understand—I actually came 
to the Ways and Means Committee and 
presented it multiple times here on the 
floor—we can come up with, in 10 
years, $1.4 trillion that the Democrats 
subsidized the rich. So it is this amaz-
ing economic fraud. 
We are going to tax them this much 
money, and then they are going to turn 
around and subsidize those people, 
which is brilliant politically. You show 
up and lobby me, maybe write me cam-
paign checks and those things on the 
tax side so I don’t make that too bur-
densome. Then you come and lobby me 
and campaign and help me and write 
me checks, and I hand you subsidies. 
But when you start to read through 
all the tax hikes that are part of the 
Democrat legislation, it is not just the 
line saying we are going to raise taxes 
on really rich people. It is dozens and 
dozens and dozens and dozens of dif-
ferent tax hikes, which will kick the 
middle class in the head because you 
just raised their costs. You have just 
shot up their inflation, and you have 
just made it expensive for them to live. 
But for a lot of folks here, they don’t 
understand the basics of the number of 
excise taxes. I know the people who are 
probably watching this or listening, 
you are freaky smart. You understand 
the concept of a value-added tax like it 
is in Europe and parts of Asia, where, 
during the production cycle, you keep 
adding. That is essentially what an ex-
cise tax is. 
If you think about it, we tax it at the 
manufacturer; we tax it at the dis-
tributor; we tax again at the retailer. 
But there seems to be a misunder-
standing that what you are doing to 
the base affects many products and 
commodities, and in that list are a 
number of excise taxes. The chart here 
is just trying to understand what you 
are doing to the prices of products. 
b 1415 
Then they have the gall to come be-
hind these microphones and say: We 
are not going to raise the taxes on poor 
people. We are not going to raise taxes 
on the middle class. 
Come on. Buy a calculator. At least 
have some level of intellectual hon-
esty. Say you believe a society that is 
addicted to transfer payments and en-
titlements is the Democrat vision and 
the right’s vision is economic growth 
and prosperity. I am willing to have 
that debate. 
I believe the math on my calcu-
lator—for my 5-year-old daughter— 
that a model with a society from top to 
bottom is wealthier, more prosperous, 
is so much more egalitarian and so 
much more elegant, instead of a com-
mand and control where the party in 
power can dial up and dial down whom 
they want to punish and whom they 
want to reward according to how they 
participated for that party in the last 
election. That is how cynical this place 
has now become. 
So let’s actually walk through a lit-
tle bit of my argument that if the 
Democrats really gave a damn about 
getting revenues, then they would stop 
subsidizing the rich. Because you un-
derstand, Mr. Speaker, when you go 
and raise the taxes on capital gains and 
say: Oh, rich people are going to pay 
those, then you have just distorted 
their investments in things that make 
us more productive as a society and as 
an economy. 
Remember that earlier part of the 
conversation, 
productivity 
is 
what 
makes it so we can pay people more. 
But here is how dark the Democrats’ 
bill is. Let’s just use this as an exam-
ple, Mr. Speaker. You have a family 
making $800,000 a year. 
Are they rich? 
I would say so. That is in the very 
top strata of income across this coun-
try. The Democrats’ bill, as it was 
given to the Ways and Means Com-
mittee last week, when you add up all 
the tax credits and subsidies, Mr. 
Speaker, they intend to give that 
$800,000-a-year-family over $118,000 in 
credits. 
Not 
taxes—credits. 
Direct 
cash. 
Then they will come behind the 
microphone and say: But we are going 
to tax rich people to make them pay to 
help out society. 
I am willing to have that. I am some-
one who does believe in a progressive 
tax system. But it is pretty perverse 
when you say, I am going to raise the 
taxes and then not mention that you 
are turning around, Mr. Speaker, and 
handing over $100,000 to that very fam-
ily that you are trying to claim you 
raised their taxes. Yes, you raised it, 
and then you gave them back more 
money after you raised it. This is the 
perversity that is going on here. It is 
never getting any press because it 
would require a calculator, and report-
ers don’t own calculators. 
But there are land mines that are 
getting no press because, Mr. Speaker, 
you handed us thousands of pages of 
tax-and-spend policy in the Ways and 
Means Committee. The day before we 
were supposed to debate it, we offered 
57 amendments—many of them were 
actually 
derivatives 
of 
Democratic 
amendments—but not one was accepted 
because the Ways and Means Com-
mittee did not write this legislation. It 
came from the Speaker’s Office. 
Now, every single day we are discov-
ering little land mines that are hidden 
in here. 
So think about this: My State does 
not recognize public employee unions. I 
am from Arizona. So my school dis-
trict, my county, my city, and my 
State offer really good benefits: here is 
your pension, here is your health, here 
is your family medical leave. To be 
able to continue to offer that family 
medical leave in the State of Arizona, 
they have to recognize unions now. 
That is hidden. It was brilliantly writ-
ten. A nonlawyer found it because the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:02 Sep 25, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00036
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K24SE7.053
H24SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 35-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5173 
September 24, 2021 
staff was just trying to deal with the 
perversities of what was going on in 
the way some of the tax definitions 
were written and where it seems to 
help certain groups and crush other 
groups. 
Think about this: If you want your 
electric vehicle, Mr. Speaker—so you 
are that $800,000 person and you are 
getting your electric vehicle—if you 
want the full tax credit, the car had to 
be made in a unionized plant. 
Mr. Speaker, can you tell me how 
many minutes are remaining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Arizona has 7 minutes re-
maining. 
Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Forgive me. I 
have had a lot of coffee today. I am a 
nondrinking Catholic, but I believe if 
you are not walking around with 
expresso, you are just not trying. 
Mr. Speaker, I am dead serious about 
this. It is more than just the debate 
you and I are willing to have on raising 
taxes over here and spending it over 
there, becoming more egalitarian in a 
society. This bill is truly designed to 
redesign society. 
So, Mr. Speaker, now you have the 
forced unionization of all government 
workers up and down the tree for the 
majority of States that are right-to- 
work States. Okay. Fine. 
Shouldn’t you actually have told 
someone that instead of trying to hide 
it in the legislation? 
We keep coming up with more and 
more of these little backdoor things. 
So, Mr. Speaker, if you have union 
representation, you are going to get to 
deduct your union fee. But if I am a 
nonunion worker, I am in a State that 
provides either optionality or they 
don’t recognize it in my State, but I do 
have some group over here who does 
collective bargaining or negotiations, 
if I’m a union member I get to deduct 
my fees. So we are using, once again, 
spending through the Tax Code to 
backdoor subsidized unions because 
unions write huge checks and donate 
stunning amounts of money to Demo-
crat campaigns. But if, on the other 
side of the equation, I am not one of 
those union members, I don’t get to de-
duct. 
Come on. Is this really where the left 
has gone that every policy, every de-
sign, and every little land mine that 
can be hidden in the language of the 
few thousand-page bill isn’t necessarily 
to make the working poor less poor and 
isn’t necessarily designed to make our 
society grow and provide opportunity? 
It is designed for power. 
We saw a number of things in that 
piece of legislation in the Ways and 
Means Committee when we started to 
lay it out. I have to admire the audac-
ity of the left and what they are trying 
to do right now. I just have to genu-
flect at one level and say that the gall 
is so over the top it belongs almost 
being in a movie if someone actually 
cared about math. 
But the forced unionization, the level 
of transfer payments, and the level of 
basically making the majority of soci-
ety, people up to—what was our math— 
$440,000 a year getting functionally 
child support payments and child tax 
credits—direct 
payments 
for 
them, 
then out the other side of the mouth 
saying: We are helping the working 
poor. 
No, you are not, Mr. Speaker. 
If you and I were helping the working 
poor, we would have done something 
dramatically different on the saver’s 
credit and how we do earned income 
tax credits, those things, and we would 
actually have an honest conversation 
that the miracle of growth we had in 
2018 and 2019 was one of the most egali-
tarian and successful in closing income 
inequality and in closing nutrition 
stress. 
Mr. Speaker, when you saw that nu-
trition stress shrank to its lowest level 
and poverty rates shrank to their low-
est level—there is a model out there— 
put it under a Democrat label. I don’t 
care. 
I know it irks people on the left to 
say: Well, regulatory and tax reform 
created a vibrant economy at a time 
when our demographics are moving 
against us. 
What makes some of those numbers 
so difficult—and everyone here knows 
it, and no one will talk about it—one of 
the greatest headwinds we have as a so-
ciety is, we are getting old very fast. 
Our demographics are really, really 
tough. 
The only way we are ever going to 
make our debt obligations in a couple 
decades and the only way my 5-year- 
old is going to be able to live as well as 
I did, is not functionally turning the 
economy into a European-style trans-
fer entitlement economy which is what 
the legislation does. 
It has got to be an economic velocity 
of takeoff, of adopting a disruptive 
technology, and of providing where in-
vestments are in productivity, so ev-
eryone is able to be paid more, make 
the wages, and make their labors much 
more valuable. We actually know how 
to do it now. 
For my last couple of moments here, 
I can’t count the number of times I will 
see Democrats get up and spout about 
supply-side economics and then you 
talk to them, Mr. Speaker, and they 
have no idea what supply-side econom-
ics is. You are living in it, Mr. Speaker. 
When you see the shortages, when 
you see the ability to have supply 
chains work, and when you see the cost 
of everything going up around it, Mr. 
Speaker, then you have just seen the 
Democrat version of subsidized Keynes-
ian, put money into consumption but 
don’t build and put incentives into the 
production, because the production cre-
ates the wealth, creates the jobs, cre-
ates the productivity, and keeps the 
prices low. So even if you subsidize me, 
if I had to pay higher prices, then I 
didn’t live any better. 
The fact of the matter is, you are liv-
ing the ultimate experience right now, 
Mr. Speaker, and I truly wish the 1970s 
could have their economics back. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 11(b) of House Resolu-
tion 188, the House stands adjourned 
until 11 a.m. on Sunday, September 26, 
2021. 
Thereupon (at 2 o’clock and 25 min-
utes p.m.), under its previous order, the 
House adjourned until Sunday, Sep-
tember 26, 2021, at 11 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the 
Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
EC–2220. A letter from the Secretary, De-
partment of Defense, transmitting a letter 
on the approved retirement of Lieutenant 
General Ricky L. Waddell, Jr., United States 
Army Reserve, and his advancement to the 
grade of lieutenant general on the retired 
list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public 
Law 96-513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public 
Law 104-106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to 
the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–2221. A letter from the Secretary, De-
partment of Defense, transmitting a leter on 
the approved retirement of Lieutenant Gen-
eral Robert F. Hedelund, United States Ma-
rine Corps, and his advancement to the grade 
of lieutenant general on the retired list, pur-
suant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96- 
513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104- 
106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Com-
mittee on Armed Services. 
EC–2222. A letter from the Secretary, De-
partment of Defense, transmitting a letter 
on the approved retirement of General Gary 
L. Thomas, United States Marine Corps, and 
his advancement to the grade of general on 
the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 
1370(c)(1); Public Law 96-513, Sec. 112 (as 
amended by Public Law 104-106, Sec. 502(b)); 
(110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed 
Services. 
EC–2223. A letter from the Acting Assistant 
Secretary, Department of Defense, transmit-
ting an addtional legislative proposal to an 
earlier transmittal titled the ‘‘National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 
2022’’; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
f 
TIME LIMITATION OF REFERRED 
BILL 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XII, the 
following action was taken by the 
Speaker: 
H.R. 4374. Referral to the Committee on 
Energy and Commerce extended for a period 
ending not later than October 28, 2021. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following 
titles were introduced and severally re-
ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. BACON: 
H.R. 5358. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Homeland Security to establish an election 
research program to test the security of elec-
tion systems, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on House Administration, and in 
addition to the Committee on Homeland Se-
curity, for a period to be subsequently deter-
mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-
sideration of such provisions as fall within 
the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:02 Sep 25, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00037
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K24SE7.054
H24SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 36-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5174 
September 24, 2021 
By Mr. ARMSTRONG (for himself and 
Mr. PAPPAS): 
H.R. 5359. A bill to establish the Rural Ex-
port Center, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By 
Mr. 
BIGGS 
(for 
himself, 
Mr. 
MASSIE, Mr. ROSENDALE, Mr. DUNCAN, 
Mr. HICE of Georgia, Mr. GOOD of Vir-
ginia, Mr. GOHMERT, Mr. BROOKS, Mr. 
TAYLOR, Mr. SMITH of Missouri, Mr. 
WEBER
of Texas, Mr. CLOUD, Mr. 
POSEY, Mrs. LESKO, Mr. MCCLINTOCK, 
Mr. BISHOP of North Carolina, Mr. 
ROY, Mr. HARRIS, Mrs. MILLER of Illi-
nois, Mr. MOONEY, Mr. NORMAN, and 
Mrs. BOEBERT): 
H.R. 5360. A bill to nullify certain execu-
tive orders regarding COVID-19 vaccine man-
dates and to prohibit the Secretary of Labor 
from issuing a rule mandating vaccination 
against COVID-19, and for other purposes; to 
the Committee on Oversight and Reform, 
and in addition to the Committees on Edu-
cation and Labor, Energy and Commerce, 
and Ways and Means, for a period to be sub-
sequently determined by the Speaker, in 
each case for consideration of such provi-
sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
By Ms. DELAURO (for herself, Mr. 
AUCHINCLOSS, 
Ms. 
BONAMICI, 
Mr. 
LOWENTHAL, Mr. POCAN, Ms. MCCOL-
LUM, Ms. NORTON, Mr. MCGOVERN, Mr. 
GARCI´A of Illinois, Mr. SAN NICOLAS, 
Mr. EVANS, Ms. GARCIA of Texas, Mr. 
COOPER, Ms. ROSS, Mr. BLUMENAUER, 
Ms. JAYAPAL, Ms. TITUS, Mr. GREEN 
of Texas, and Ms. SCHAKOWSKY): 
H.R. 5361. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Housing and Urban Development to establish 
a national evictions database, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on Financial 
Services. 
By Mr. GOLDEN: 
H.R. 5362. A bill to amend the Ethics in 
Government Act of 1978 to require senior 
Government officials and their family mem-
bers to divest foreign financial interests, and 
for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Oversight and Reform, and in addition to the 
Committee on House Administration, for a 
period to be subsequently determined by the 
Speaker, in each case for consideration of 
such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-
tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. HINSON: 
H.R. 5363. A bill to direct the Bureau of 
Labor 
Statistics, 
Government 
Account-
ability Office, and Small Business Adminis-
tration to conduct a joint study on pandemic 
unemployment programs, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania: 
H.R. 5364. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to lower the standard for re-
moving employees who disclose tax return 
information without authorization, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on Ways 
and Means, and in addition to the Committee 
on Oversight and Reform, for a period to be 
subsequently determined by the Speaker, in 
each case for consideration of such provi-
sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
By 
Mr. 
KIND 
(for 
himself, 
Ms. 
DEGETTE, Mrs. WALORSKI, and Mr. 
BACON): 
H.R. 5365. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to expand Medicare 
Rural Health Clinic Services and Federally 
Qualified Health Center Services to include 
physical therapy services; to the Committee 
on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to 
the Committee on Ways and Means, for a pe-
riod to be subsequently determined by the 
Speaker, in each case for consideration of 
such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-
tion of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. KUSTER: 
H.R. 5366. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide that certain con-
tributions by government entities are treat-
ed as contributions to capital; to the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. LAMB: 
H.R. 5367. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Energy to establish a program to award 
grants 
for 
qualifying 
advanced 
energy 
projects, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. LAMB: 
H.R. 5368. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Energy to establish a program to dem-
onstrate the technical and economic viabil-
ity of carrying out clean energy projects on 
current and former mine land, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on Science, 
Space, and Technology. 
By Mr. LAMB: 
H.R. 5369. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to enhance the qualifying 
advanced energy project credit; to the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. MCGOVERN (for himself, Mrs. 
WALORSKI, Ms. PINGREE, and Mr. 
EVANS): 
H.R. 5370. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to require the Secretary 
of Health and Human Services to conduct a 
demonstration program to assess the effects 
of a hospital providing to qualified individ-
uals 
medically 
tailored 
home-delivered 
meals, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means, and in addition 
to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be 
subsequently determined by the Speaker, in 
each case for consideration of such provi-
sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
By Mr. MORELLE (for himself and Mr. 
SMITH of Nebraska): 
H.R. 5371. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to permanently extend the 
allowance for depreciation, amortization, or 
depletion for purposes of determining the in-
come limitation on the deduction for busi-
ness interest; to the Committee on Ways and 
Means. 
By Mr. PERRY (for himself, Mr. ROY, 
Mr. GOOD of Virginia, and Mr. DUN-
CAN): 
H.R. 5372. A bill to prohibit the Depart-
ment of Health and Human Services from 
using any Federal funds to create or main-
tain an office to address climate and health 
equity, or for any climate change program, 
project, or activity; to the Committee on En-
ergy and Commerce. 
By Mr. SCHIFF (for himself, Mr. LIEU, 
and Mr. SHERMAN): 
H.R. 5373. A bill to allow mandatory night-
time curfews at certain airports, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on Trans-
portation and Infrastructure. 
By Mrs. BOEBERT (for herself and Mr. 
NORMAN): 
H. Res. 679. A resolution impeaching 
Kamala Devi Harris, Vice President of the 
United States for the high crimes and mis-
demeanors of betrayal of the public trust; to 
the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mrs. BOEBERT (for herself, Mr. 
BIGGS, Mr. DUNCAN, Mr. NORMAN, Mr. 
GOHMERT, and Mr. HICE of Georgia): 
H. Res. 680. A resolution impeaching Jo-
seph Robinette Biden Jr., President of the 
United States for the high crimes and mis-
demeanors of betrayal of the public trust; to 
the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. COHEN (for himself, Mr. WIL-
SON
of 
South 
Carolina, 
Mr. 
FITZPATRICK, Mr. HUDSON, and Mr. 
CLEAVER): 
H. Res. 681. A resolution recognizing the 
ongoing crackdown on freedom of expression 
and human rights in Belarus a year after the 
2020 
election, 
calling 
for 
an 
end 
to 
Alyaksandr Lukashenka’s continued cam-
paign of repression against peaceful pro-
testers, journalists, cultural workers, human 
rights defenders, trade union activists, polit-
ical activists, and government critics, and 
expressing solidarity with the Belarusian 
people; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. KIND (for himself, Mr. BACON, 
Mr. CONNOLLY, Mr. ROUZER, Mr. COO-
PER, Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York, Mr. KILMER, Mr. ADER-
HOLT, Mr. WALTZ, Mr. RICE of South 
Carolina, 
Mr. 
FLEISCHMANN, 
Mr. 
COURTNEY, 
Mr. 
DIAZ-BALART, 
Mr. 
CALVERT, Mr. BILIRAKIS, Mr. MAST, 
Mr. CICILLINE, Mr. SMITH of Missouri, 
Mr. COLE, Mr. JACKSON, Ms. LOIS 
FRANKEL of Florida, Mr. SUOZZI, Ms. 
WILSON of Florida, and Ms. SPEIER): 
H. Res. 682. A resolution recognizing the 
self-determination of Gibraltar to determine 
its status as a British Overseas Territory; to 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-
tives, the following statements are sub-
mitted regarding the specific powers 
granted to Congress in the Constitu-
tion to enact the accompanying bill or 
joint resolution. 
By Mr. BACON: 
H.R. 5358. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
[Page H2747] 
By Mr. ARMSTRONG: 
H.R. 5359. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, clause 3 
By Mr. BIGGS: 
H.R. 5360. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 
By Ms. DELAURO: 
H.R. 5861. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, clause 3 provides Con-
gress with the power to ‘‘regulate commerce 
with foreign nations, and among the several 
states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ 
By Mr. GOLDEN: 
H.R. 5362. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mrs. HINSON: 
H.R. 5363. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania: 
H.R. 5364. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Mr. KIND: 
H.R. 5365. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Ms. KUSTER: 
H.R. 5366. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution, the Taxing and Spend-
ing Clause: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:02 Sep 25, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00038
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\L24SE7.100
H24SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 37-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5175 
September 24, 2021 
To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts 
and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for 
the common Defense and general Welfare of 
the United States . . .’’ 
By Mr. LAMB: 
H.R. 5367. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8 
By Mr. LAMB: 
H.R. 5368. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8 
By Mr. LAMB: 
H.R. 5369. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8 
By Mr. MCGOVERN: 
H.R. 5370. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mr. MORELLE: 
H.R. 5371. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 
8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. PERRY: 
H.R. 5372. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. SCHIFF: 
H.R. 5373. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Valley-Wide Noise Relief Act is con-
stitutional under Article I, Section 8, Clause 
18, the Necessary and Proper Clause. The bill 
is constitutionally authorized under the Nec-
essary and Proper Clause, which supports the 
expansion of congressional authority beyond 
the explicit authorities that are directly dis-
cernible from the text. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-
tions, as follows: 
H.R. 79: Ms. KELLY of Illinois. 
H.R. 151: Mr. AGUILAR, Mr. SARBANES, and 
Mr. MALINOWSKI. 
H.R. 228: Mr. MCCARTHY and Mr. VARGAS. 
H.R. 263: Mr. SARBANES, Ms. DELAURO, and 
Mr. BERA. 
H.R. 310: Mr. KAHELE. 
H.R. 477: Ms. DELAURO. 
H.R. 504: Mrs. LESKO. 
H.R. 801: Mr. AGUILAR. 
H.R. 815: Miss RICE of New York and Ms. 
DAVIDS of Kansas. 
H.R. 915: Mr. WOMACK. 
H.R. 1012: Mr. MCNERNEY, Mr. LEVIN of 
Michigan, Mr. HIMES, Mr. RUIZ, Mr. NEAL, 
Mr. COURTNEY, Mr. MOULTON, Ms. DEGETTE, 
Mr. SCHIFF, Mr. THOMPSON of California, Mr. 
SIRES, Ms. PINGREE, Ms. DELBENE, Mr. 
CA´ RDENAS, Mr. GOTTHEIMER, Mr. HOYER, Mr. 
MALINOWSKI, Mr. FITZGERALD, Mr. PRICE of 
North Carolina, and Mr. CASTRO of Texas. 
H.R. 1066: Mr. AGUILAR and Mr. KAHELE. 
H.R. 1080: Mr. TIMMONS. 
H.R. 1226: Ms. HOULAHAN. 
H.R. 1348: Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. 
H.R. 1384: Mr. ALLRED and Mr. COSTA. 
H.R. 1559: Mr. NEWHOUSE. 
H.R. 1569: Ms. STANSBURY and Ms. SCANLON. 
H.R. 1577: Mr. LEVIN of Michigan. 
H.R. 1593: Mr. CAWTHORN, Mrs. FISCHBACH, 
and Mrs. MCBATH. 
H.R. 1611: Ms. DEGETTE. 
H.R. 1722: Mr. SUOZZI. 
H.R. 1745: Mr. BENTZ and Mr. HUDSON. 
H.R. 1813: Mr. O’HALLERAN. 
H.R. 1909: Ms. PINGREE. 
H.R. 1977: Mrs. MILLER-MEEKS. 
H.R. 
1978: 
Mr. 
HORSFORD
and 
Mr. 
LATURNER. 
H.R. 2076: Mr. BILIRAKIS and Mr. JORDAN. 
H.R. 2079: Ms. MENG. 
H.R. 
2116: 
Mr. 
DESAULNIER
and 
Ms. 
ESCOBAR. 
H.R. 2127: Mrs. HINSON. 
H.R. 2143: Mr. HIMES and Mr. JOYCE of 
Ohio. 
H.R. 2144: Ms. WILD. 
H.R. 2314: Mr. NORMAN and Mr. C. SCOTT 
FRANKLIN of Florida. 
H.R. 2366: Mr. BACON. 
H.R. 2400: Ms. JACOBS of California. 
H.R. 2447: Mr. TONY GONZALES of Texas. 
H.R. 2455: Mrs. MCBATH and Mr. CA´ RDENAS. 
H.R. 2509: Mr. BOST. 
H.R. 2517: Ms. LOIS FRANKEL of Florida, Mr. 
DEUTCH, Ms. WILSON
of Florida, and Mr. 
NEGUSE. 
H.R. 2519: Mr. CARBAJAL. 
H.R. 2583: Mr. DELGADO. 
H.R. 2594: Mr. POSEY. 
H.R. 2616: Mr. LAMB. 
H.R. 2654: Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. 
H.R. 2748: Mr. BILIRAKIS. 
H.R. 2811: Mr. CRIST. 
H.R. 2828: Mr. ROSE. 
H.R. 2840: Mr. AGUILAR. 
H.R. 2883: Mr. OWENS. 
H.R. 2891: Mr. BUDD. 
H.R. 2903: Mr. EMMER, Mr. LANGEVIN, Mrs. 
MILLER-MEEKS, Mr. POCAN, Mr. RUSH, and 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. 
H.R. 2974: Mr. CA´ RDENAS. 
H.R. 3031: Mrs. AXNE. 
H.R. 3109: Mr. LUETKEMEYER. 
H.R. 3198: Ms. SPANBERGER and Mr. MOORE 
of Utah. 
H.R. 3203: Mr. LUETKEMEYER. 
H.R. 3281: Mr. LONG. 
H.R. 3305: Mr. LARSON of Connecticut and 
Mr. NORCROSS. 
H.R. 3321: Mr. GIMENEZ and Mr. MOULTON. 
H.R. 3342: Ms. SCANLON. 
H.R. 3441: Mr. MRVAN, Mr. KIM of New Jer-
sey, Ms. UNDERWOOD, and Ms. BLUNT ROCH-
ESTER. 
H.R. 3537: Mr. GOHMERT. 
H.R. 3548: Ms. PINGREE. 
H.R. 3665: Mr. MCCARTHY and Mr. GARCIA of 
California. 
H.R. 3706: Mr. GARBARINO. 
H.R. 3753: Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER. 
H.R. 3755: Ms. PLASKETT. 
H.R. 3783: Mr. DEUTCH and Mr. LEVIN of 
Michigan. 
H.R. 3807: Mr. YOUNG. 
H.R. 3835: Ms. SALAZAR. 
H.R. 3982: Mr. KELLER. 
H.R. 4092: Mr. CARBAJAL and Ms. LEE of 
California. 
H.R. 4099: Mr. SWALWELL and Ms. CHU. 
H.R. 4135: Mr. YOUNG. 
H.R. 4141: Mrs. HARTZLER. 
H.R. 4402: Mr. KINZINGER, Mr. PALLONE, Ms. 
STANSBURY, Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois, 
Mr. LANGEVIN, Mr. VARGAS, Miss RICE of New 
York, Ms. KUSTER, Mr. MCNERNEY, Mr. 
BISHOP of Georgia, Mr. SAN NICOLAS, Mr. 
DEFAZIO, Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, and 
Mr. PASCRELL. 
H.R. 4429: Mr. WESTERMAN. 
H.R. 4479: Mr. MCKINLEY. 
H.R. 4526: Ms. ROSS. 
H.R. 4558: Mr. KAHELE. 
H.R. 4594: Mr. SABLAN, Mrs. WAGNER, and 
Mr. VEASEY. 
H.R. 4645: Mr. GOODEN of Texas. 
H.R. 4693: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Ms. 
STANSBURY, Mrs. KIRKPATRICK, Ms. TITUS, 
Ms. STRICKLAND, and Mr. GOTTHEIMER. 
H.R. 
4785: 
Mr. 
OWENS, 
Ms. 
HERRERA 
BEUTLER, Mr. THOMPSON
of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. BARR, Mr. MURPHY of North Carolina, 
Mr. VAN DREW, and Mr. WILSON of South 
Carolina. 
H.R. 4805: Mr. AGUILAR. 
H.R. 4816: Mr. VICENTE GONZALEZ of Texas. 
H.R. 4862: Mr. MULLIN and Mr. LOUDERMILK. 
H.R. 4866: Mr. MOONEY. 
H.R. 4870: Ms. MALLIOTAKIS. 
H.R. 4877: Mr. FITZPATRICK. 
H.R. 4893: Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. 
H.R. 4937: Mr. FITZPATRICK, Mr. KILMER, 
Mr. KIM of New Jersey, Mr. SOTO, and Ms. 
NORTON. 
H.R. 4965: Mr. AGUILAR. 
H.R. 4967: Mr. ROSE. 
H.R. 4996: Mr. PHILLIPS and Mr. BISHOP of 
Georgia. 
H.R. 5017: Mr. ALLRED. 
H.R. 5048: Mr. AUCHINCLOSS. 
H.R. 5067: Ms. WILD. 
H.R. 5089: Mrs. LAWRENCE and Mr. KAHELE. 
H.R. 5106: Mr. BABIN. 
H.R. 5127: Mr. WOMACK. 
H.R. 5131: Mr. AGUILAR. 
H.R. 5162: Mrs. MCCLAIN. 
H.R. 5231: Mrs. WALORSKI. 
H.R. 5244: Mr. CALVERT, Mr. LIEU, Mrs. 
MCBATH, Mr. KILMER, Ms. KUSTER, and Mr. 
SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. 
H.R. 5294: Ms. VAN DUYNE. 
H.R. 5314: Mrs. TRAHAN and Mr. CASE. 
H.R. 5326: Mr. CHABOT, Mr. CLINE, Mr. GON-
ZALEZ of Ohio, Mr. MOONEY, and Mr. GOOD of 
Virginia. 
H.R. 5327: Mrs. BOEBERT. 
H.R. 5328: Mrs. BOEBERT. 
H.R. 5338: Mr. KAHELE. 
H.R. 5340: Mr. WOMACK. 
H.R. 5342: Mr. LOWENTHAL. 
H.J. Res. 28: Ms. SCANLON. 
H.J. Res. 50: Mr. CALVERT. 
H. Con. Res. 33: Mr. SIRES and Mr. HARRIS. 
H. Con. Res. 50: Mr. CLINE, Mr. WOMACK, 
Mr. MOORE of Utah, Mr. CRENSHAW, and Mr. 
BOST. 
H. Res. 220: Mr. WOMACK. 
H. Res. 382: Mrs. MILLER of West Virginia. 
H. Res. 404: Mr. GARBARINO. 
H. Res. 487: Mr. BROOKS. 
H. Res. 586: Mr. RUSH. 
H. Res. 605: Mr. ESPAILLAT, Mr. CORREA, 
and Ms. WILLIAMS of Georgia. 
H. Res. 663: Mrs. MILLER-MEEKS. 
H. Res. 665: Mr. GRIJALVA and Mr. LAN-
GEVIN. 
H. Res. 670: Mr. ALLRED, Mr. MFUME, Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD, 
Mr. 
MCGOVERN, 
and 
Mr. 
KRISHNAMOORTHI. 
H. Res. 675: Mr. JOYCE of Ohio and Mr. 
KELLY of Pennsylvania. 
H. Res. 676: Mr. STEIL and Mr. GUEST. 
f 
DISCHARGE PETITIONS— 
ADDITIONS AND WITHDRAWALS 
The following Members added their 
names to the following discharge peti-
tions: 
Petition 2 by Mr. ROY on House Resolution 
216: Mr. Brady, Mr. Smith of Missouri, Mr. 
Bucshon, Mr. Emmer, Mr. Mullin, Mr. Hud-
son, Ms. Granger, Mr. Barr, Mr. Gimenez, 
Mrs. Spartz, Mr. Kelly of Mississippi, Mr. 
Gallagher, Mr. Ellzey, Mr. Carl, Mr. Austin 
Scott of Georgia, Mrs. Hartzler, Mr. Rodney 
Davis of Illinois, Mr. Wenstrup, Mr. Steil, 
Mr. Curtis, Mr. Aderholt, Mr. Nehls, Mr. 
Johnson of South Dakota, Mr. Hollings-
worth, and Mr. Reed. 
Petition 3 by Mr. ROY on House Resolution 
292: Mr. Pence. 
Petition 4 by Mr. PERRY on House Resolu-
tion 160: Mr. Duncan, Mr. Hudson. 
Petition 5 by Mr. MCHENRY on H.R. 3913: 
Mr. Kustoff. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:57 Sep 25, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00039
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A24SE7.014
H24SEPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 38-
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E1019 
September 24, 2021 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RON ESTES 
OF KANSAS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, September 24, 2021 
Mr. ESTES. Madam Speaker, I was not 
present for Roll Call vote No. 282 and vote 
No. 286, On Agreeing to the Amendment 
(Garamendi of California Part C Amendment 
No. 38 and Langevin of Rhode Island Part C 
Amendment No. 42). Had I been present, I 
would have voted NAY on Roll Call No. 282, 
and NAY on Roll Call No. 286. 
f 
RECOGNIZING 
NATASHA 
DABROWSKI’S SERVICE TO THE 
NEW DEMOCRAT COALITION 
HON. SUZAN K. DelBENE 
OF WASHINGTON 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, September 24, 2021 
Ms. DELBENE. Madam Speaker, I rise today 
to thank Natasha Dabrowski for her many con-
tributions to the New Democrat Coalition as 
our recent communications director and senior 
advisor. Last month, Natasha left the New 
Democrat Coalition after over five years of 
service to join President Biden’s administra-
tion. 
The New Democrat Coalition, which I have 
the honor to chair, is made up of 95 forward- 
thinking Democrats in the U.S. House of Rep-
resentatives who are committed to getting 
things done. We represent the expansion of 
the Democratic Party beyond our urban base 
into purple districts, which is key to Democrats 
holding the majority. By the nature of our 
members and area of focus, our communica-
tions director is a critical member of the New 
Dem team and Natasha was an invaluable re-
source in the role. 
Natasha joined the New Dem communica-
tions staff as press secretary & communica-
tions aide in April 2016. Over her career with 
the New Democrat Coalition, she served 
under four chairs—Reps. RON
KIND, JIM 
HIMES, DEREK
KILMER, and me—and was 
given more responsibility as the Coalition’s 
communications director and senior advisor. 
Natasha helped shape and share our mes-
sage during four Congresses and three admin-
istrations. 
Throughout her tenure, Natasha helped 
build out critical components of the Coalition’s 
communications and outreach strategy. She 
developed deep relationships with reporters, 
increased the Coalition’s coverage, built a 
community for New Dem Member office com-
munications staff, and helped strengthen the 
Coalition’s brand and message. Natasha ma-
tured the Coalition’s communication’s oper-
ation by overseeing the creation of a press as-
sistant position and launching new products 
and internal processes that expanded our 
reach and made our work better. Natasha also 
served as a key communications advisor for 
many New Dem Members and their staffs. 
Madam Speaker, on behalf of the members 
of the New Democrat Coalition, I thank 
Natasha and wish her best of luck in the fu-
ture. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TERESA LEGER FERNANDEZ 
OF NEW MEXICO 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, September 24, 2021 
Ms. LEGER FERNANDEZ. Madam Speak-
er, had I been present on September 22, 2021 
during the Roll Call No. 269 vote, the Dean of 
Pennsylvania Part C Amendment No. 5 to 
H.R. 4350, I would have voted YEA. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LAUREN BOEBERT 
OF COLORADO 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, September 24, 2021 
Mrs. BOEBERT. Madam Speaker, I was 
caught in traffic and the votes closed before I 
could cast mine. Had I been present, I would 
have voted ‘‘Nay’’ on rollcall No. 289, and 
‘‘Nay’’ on rollcall No. 285. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-
TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2022 
SPEECH OF 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Wednesday, September 22, 2021 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, on June 3, 1969, 
74 sailors were killed off the coast of Vietnam. 
These sailors—the ‘‘Lost 74’’—perished 
when the USS Frank E Evans sank after col-
liding with an aircraft carrier participating in a 
training exercise. 
Each of these service members were de-
ployed to a combat zone. Each of these serv-
ice members died in the service of our nation. 
And yet, their names have been left off the 
Vietnam Memorial wall. 
These sailors deserve to be recognized 
alongside the individuals who lost their lives in 
service of our nation in the Vietnam War. This 
commemoration of their service is long over-
due. 
The Lost 74 are heroes who left their home 
and families to fight for their country—our 
country—and gave the last full measure of de-
votion in the service of peace and security. 
Their names deserve to be honored and re-
membered alongside the 60,000 Americans 
who lost their lives in Vietnam. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF RICHARD 
C. BOWMAN 
HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, September 24, 2021 
Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Speaker, it is with 
great regret that I rise today to mourn and ob-
serve the passing of an inspiring individual 
and dedicated public servant, Richard ‘‘Dick’’ 
C. Bowman, of Vernon, Connecticut. A pas-
sionate educator, devoted firefighter, and a 
loving family man, Dick passed away on Sep-
tember 10, 2021, in his home surrounded by 
his loved ones at the age of 74. 
Born in Oxford, Massachusetts to Harriet 
and Reverend Paul Bowman, Dick moved with 
his family to Vernon at an early age and re-
mained dedicated to his local community 
throughout his life. After graduating from 
Rockville High School, Dick attended Boston 
University where he received a bachelor’s de-
gree in speech pathology and education. From 
there, he propelled his passion for education 
forward and went on to receive a master’s in 
special education from Central Connecticut 
State College as well as a 6th-year degree in 
educational administration from the University 
of Connecticut. Armed with an impressive de-
gree of knowledge, Dick went on to pursue an 
enriching career in education to give back to 
the school system that had granted him in-
valuable wisdom and a pathway to success. 
For the next 15 years, Dick was a speech pa-
thologist and special education supervisor for 
the Vernon Board of Education where he ex-
celled and made compassion and encourage-
ment the top priorities for his students and 
educators. Soon after, he became an assistant 
principal and interim principal at Rockville 
High, and even after his eventual retirement in 
2004, Dick remained dedicated to the Vernon 
community through his committee positions 
with several scholarship and trust organiza-
tions. 
Dick’s devotion to his community and to 
service did not stop with his work in education. 
He was a devout member of the Vernon Union 
Congregational Church where he served as a 
choir member, mentor, leader, and committee-
man. Dick’s care for his community also led 
him to 50 years of service as a volunteer fight-
er for both the Vernon and Rockville Fire De-
partments. During his time, Dick was a mem-
ber on several Department committees and 
successfully rose to the ranking of 2nd lieuten-
ant for the Department. As the only active 
member on both the Vernon and Rockville 
Fire Departments, he became a conduit be-
tween the two departments and played a key 
role in unifying Vernon and Rockville under 
one authority. For his efforts in the merge, the 
Vernon Fire Department appointed him as a 
Charter Member. In January of 2020, Dick’s 
unwavering dedication to his community right-
fully earned him a Life Membership from the 
Town of Vernon’s Fire Department. Even after 
his retirement from active firefighting, Dick 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:16 Sep 25, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A24SE8.001
E24SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 39-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E1020 
September 24, 2021 
continued to serve his town through numerous 
committees for the Vernon Fire Department 
and happily watched his grandson, Adam, be-
come a fifth-generation Bowman firefighter. 
Madam Speaker, it is an honor to have the 
opportunity to represent constituents as de-
voted and caring toward their community as 
Richard Bowman. I have had the honor to rep-
resent the Town of Vernon for many years in 
Congress, and have seen firsthand Dick Bow-
man’s diligent work. I also live in the town, 
and am grateful for his efforts to keep the 
town, my neighborhood, and my family safe. 
Dick leaves behind his wife, Carol, alongside 
two sons, his grandchildren, and his nieces 
and nephews. He loved attending his grand-
children’s school and athletic events and will 
be remembered by his family as a loving hus-
band, uncle, father, and grandfather. His 
memory will live on through them and rever-
berate throughout the community he proudly 
served. To that end, I ask that my colleagues 
and this Chamber join me in setting Richard’s 
legacy further into stone, and expressing our 
deepest respect for Richard’s work and life. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE COUNTY OF 
ORLEANS SHERIFF’S WEEK 
HON. CHRIS JACOBS 
OF NEW YORK 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, September 24, 2021 
Mr. JACOBS of New York. Madam Speaker, 
I rise today to recognize the County of Orle-
ans Sheriff’s Week designated this year be-
tween September 19th through September 
25th. 
The Orleans County Sheriff’s Department, 
led by Sheriff Christopher Bourke, has an ex-
tensive history of honorably serving the people 
of Orleans County. The Department conducts 
itself with the utmost professionalism and 
demonstrates integrity, honor, and courage 
daily. 
Just in the past year, we have seen count-
less examples of heroism. Last November 
Sheriff’s investigator Kevin Colonna went 
above and beyond the call of duty and used 
an Automated External Defibrillator (AED) to 
revive an elderly man who had become non- 
responsive. 
Similarly, Undersheriff Mike Mele took in-
credible action last December when a driver 
lost control of their vehicle on slick roads and 
crossed into his lane. Undersheriff Mele quick-
ly turned to avoid the car and careened off the 
road seriously injuring himself in the process. 
His selfless actions undoubtedly saved the life 
of the other driver. 
These are just two of the countless exam-
ples where members of the Orleans County 
Sheriff’s Department have gone above and 
beyond the call of duty and acted selflessly to 
protect the people of Orleans County. They 
patrol the streets, operate a safe and secure 
jail, patrol the waterways, and provide re-
sources to local schools—among many other 
duties. 
Madam Speaker, I am honored to represent 
such a distinguished department and the fine 
men and women who oversee its operations. 
Our Orleans County Sheriff’s Department and 
all our brave law enforcement officers deserve 
our utmost respect and gratitude for their serv-
ice. 
HONORING THE LEADERSHIP AND 
LEGACY OF GILBERT CAMPBELL 
HON. LORI TRAHAN 
OF MASSACHUSETTS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, September 24, 2021 
Mrs. TRAHAN. Madam Speaker, I rise today 
to honor the tremendous contributions and 
legacy of Gilbert Campbell, a successful busi-
nessman and community leader who dedi-
cated his life to the prosperity of the Greater 
Lowell community. He passed away peacefully 
on September 16, 2021. 
Gilbert was born in the Centralville neigh-
borhood in the City of Lowell in 1930. After 
graduating from Lowell High School in 1948, 
Gilbert would embark on a seven decade-long 
professional career, first as a distinguished 
home builder, real estate developer, and en-
trepreneur; and later as a hotelier, res-
taurateur, professional sports owner who was 
renowned for his passion for thoroughbred 
horses. 
Over the span of his home building career, 
Gilbert built 1,500 houses, 3,000 apartments, 
and many commercial buildings. He was ex-
tremely involved in the home building commu-
nity, so much so that he was a founding mem-
ber and one-time president of the Lowell 
Home Builders Association, a past President 
of Massachusetts Home Builder Association, 
and a previous Vice President and Lifetime Di-
rector of the National Home Builders Associa-
tion. 
In addition to his impressive professional ca-
reer, Gilbert never forgot where he came from. 
He worked tirelessly to make his hometown of 
Lowell a better place. His expertise and vision 
for the future of the City made him a trusted 
confidant to many business and political lead-
ers over the years, myself included. He was a 
founding member of the Lowell Plan, the 
former St. John’s Hospital/Saints Medical Cen-
ter, the past President of Vesper Country 
Club, a previous Chairman of the Northern 
Middlesex Chamber of Commerce, and a co- 
owner of Lowell’s first professional sports 
team, The Lowell Lock Monsters. Gilbert’s 
contributions to the economic development of 
Lowell has had a lasting impact on the city 
and will continue to be felt when walking the 
streets downtown for generations to come. 
Throughout his life, Gilbert was the recipient 
of numerous recognitions from distinguished 
organizations for his work in our community. 
He was selected in the 1960s as the New 
England Builder of the Year and in 2016 as 
the Florida Breeder of the Year Award, along-
side his beloved wife, Marilyn. He was also in-
ducted into the Lowell High School Distin-
guished Alumni Hall of Fame, the Northeast 
Builders Hall of Fame, and the New England 
Turf Writers Hall of Fame. In the face of so 
many well-deserved accolades, Gilbert re-
mained humble, accessible and down to earth. 
Through his years of leadership, Gilbert has 
made the City of Lowell a better place to call 
home. 
Gilbert will be remembered for his love for 
his family and friends, his kindness to those 
around him, his distinguished professional ca-
reer, and his immense pride in the City of 
Lowell. My heart goes out to Marilyn, his chil-
dren Susan and Gary, and the entire Camp-
bell family during this difficult time. Gilbert’s 
legacy will live on through his loving family 
and all of us who had the honor of knowing 
him. 
f 
CONGRATULATING POIEMA 
VISUAL ARTS 
HON. LLOYD SMUCKER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, September 24, 2021 
Mr. SMUCKER. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate Poiema Visual Arts as it 
celebrates its grand opening on this day, Sep-
tember 24, 2021. 
With roots in Lancaster County, Pennsyl-
vania, Poiema Visual Arts is an organization 
which seeks to foster values such as disciple-
ship and friendship among Christian visual art-
ists across Pennsylvania. Lancaster County is 
home to a burgeoning arts community, with 
many artists, craftsmen, and others finding it 
an ideal place from which to hone their craft 
and exhibit their work. Poiema Visual Arts will 
be a welcome addition to that community. 
Art is often thought of as a universal lan-
guage which can bring together people from 
all walks of life. We hope Poiema Visual Arts 
can do just that and unite people across 
Pennsylvania’s Eleventh District and beyond. 
We wish Poiema Visual Arts all the best and 
eagerly wait to see what the future has in 
store. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DONALD M. PAYNE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, September 24, 2021 
Mr. PAYNE. Madam Speaker, unfortunately, 
my proxy holder was detained and unable to 
cast a vote for me. Had I been present, I 
would have voted YEA on Rollcall No. 227. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 150TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE GREAT PESHTIGO 
FIRE 
HON. MIKE GALLAGHER 
OF WISCONSIN 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, September 24, 2021 
Mr. GALLAGHER. Madam Speaker, today I 
rise to recognize the 150th anniversary of the 
Great Peshtigo Fire. The deadliest fire in U.S. 
history, the Great Peshtigo Fire claimed nearly 
2,000 lives and millions of acres of land 
across Northeast Wisconsin and the Upper 
Peninsula. Today, we not only remember the 
lives lost in this blaze, but celebrate the resil-
ience Wisconsinites showed in rebuilding their 
communities. 
The city of Peshtigo was founded in 1838. 
Adjacent to the western shore of Green Bay, 
surrounded by dense Wisconsin forest, and bi-
sected by the Peshtigo River, Peshtigo be-
came an immediate economic hub for logging 
and shipping. By 1871 it sustained the liveli-
hood of thousands of families in Wisconsin 
and was the tenth most populous city in the 
state. 
October 8, 1871 may be often overlooked in 
American history, but to the citizens of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:16 Sep 25, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A24SE8.006
E24SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 40-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E1021 
September 24, 2021 
Peshtigo and Northeast Wisconsin, it was a 
defining moment for generations. On that fate-
ful night, the village of Peshtigo lost nearly half 
its residents, with many more traveling lumber-
jacks killed in the fire. Estimates believe that 
roughly 700 Peshtigo residents lost their lives 
as the city was consumed by flames. Hun-
dreds more perished in the surrounding com-
munities. Flames descended upon the city of 
Peshtigo so rapidly that it was described by 
eyewitnesses as a roaring tornado of unbear-
able intensity and heat. The Peshtigo River, 
which runs directly through the city, did little to 
stop the flames from darting over the waters, 
and survivors, realizing they were trapped, 
had no other choice but to leap into the river. 
Within hours, nearly the entire city was re-
duced to rubble. 
Though often overshadowed by the Great 
Chicago Fire which began the same night, the 
Great Peshtigo Fire claimed at least five times 
the lives and over 500 times the acreage. But 
in the face of this unprecedented destruction, 
the people of Peshtigo and the surrounding 
communities came together to rebuild and re-
store. Today, Peshtigo is a vibrant community 
with schools, parks, wineries, and museums, 
all held together by the grit and character of 
the Peshtigo people that has defined the city 
for generations. It is my hope that through this 
proclamation, the Great Peshtigo Fire will re-
ceive the proper recognition it deserves not 
only as a somber tragedy and the deadliest 
fire in U.S. history, but as a trial that displayed 
the tremendous resolve of the Wisconsinites 
who rebuilt the city of Peshtigo to even greater 
heights. Madam Speaker, I urge all Members 
of this body to join me in recognizing the 
150th anniversary of the Great Peshtigo Fire 
of 1871. 
f 
RECOGNIZING KATHRYN ‘‘KATIE’’ 
HOLLOWAY 
ON 
HER 
PARALYMPIC GOLD MEDAL 
HON. SUZAN K. DelBENE 
OF WASHINGTON 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, September 24, 2021 
Ms. DELBENE. Madam Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize Kathryn ‘‘Katie’’ Holloway of Lake 
Stevens, Washington on her fourth Paralympic 
medal and her second gold medal for Team 
USA in Sitting Volleyball. Ms. Holloway has 
helped shape the Sitting Volleyball program 
since she first competed in 2008. Her strength 
and determination are clear not only in her 
performances as a four-time Paralympian, but 
as a four-year Division I athlete on her col-
lege’s basketball team. 
Madam Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join 
me in honoring Ms. Holloway, an incredible 
athlete, role model, and teammate on her gold 
medal at the Tokyo 2020 Paralympic Games. 
I could not be happier that the next generation 
of athletes has role models like Ms. Holloway 
to look up to and pave the way. 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-
TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2022 
SPEECH OF 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Wednesday, September 22, 2021 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, a free press is 
the cornerstone of a free society. Without it, 
democracy cannot thrive. 
But freedom of the press is under assault 
around the world. 
Journalists face persecution, detainment, 
torture, and even death for simply doing their 
jobs. 
My amendment will empower the U.S. to 
hold accountable those who perpetrate crimes 
against journalists by prohibiting assistance to 
culpable governments. 
Named for Jamal Khashoggi—whose brutal 
murder still goes unpunished—this will ensure 
America stands with journalists against those 
who would seek to harm them. 
We must pass it. 
In doing so, we will honor Mr. Khashoggi’s 
legacy and protect the cornerstone of our own 
democracy by sending a clear message: the 
U.S. will not turn a blind eye to the abuse of 
journalists. 
f 
HONORING COLONEL BRADLEY D. 
MOSES FOR 26 YEARS OF MILI-
TARY SERVICE 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, September 24, 2021 
Mr. HUDSON. Madam Speaker, I rise today 
to honor Colonel Bradley D. Moses for 26 
years of military service and leadership in de-
fense of our Nation. 
Col. Moses was commissioned in 1995 as a 
member of the 82nd Airborne. He went on to 
serve in the 75th Ranger Regiment before 
joining the 3rd Special Forces Group in 2002. 
From 2016 to 2018, he served as Commander 
of the 3rd Special Forces Group where he 
was responsible for the guidance and training 
of over 2,600 soldiers. 
Colonel Moses’s devout service to our na-
tion’s protection and security are worthy of 
high praise. His promotion to the position of 
3rd Special Forces Group Commander is in-
dicative of his exceptional performance and 
leadership skills. As Commander, Col. Moses 
directed successful military operations as the 
3rd Special Forces Group underwent an im-
portant period of transition. He also served as 
an advisor to other regiments and command 
groups. Most notably, he worked in tandem 
with the leaders of the 1st Special Forces 
Command (Airborne) and the Special Oper-
ations Command Africa on local affairs to as-
sist them in carrying out objectives. Further-
more, Col. Moses’ actions as commander 
demonstrate his steadfast commitment to val-
ues of honor and respect that are paramount 
to all outstanding servicemen. Out of respect 
for soldiers who fell in the line of duty under 
his command, he saw that all 3rd Special 
Forces Group Gold Star Families were invited 
to and honored at any Group events. Finally, 
Col. Moses has twice been recognized and 
awarded the prestigious Legion of Merit 
Award. This distinctive honor serves as a pin-
nacle achievement in his career and is further 
testament to his extraordinary leadership and 
moral character. 
On behalf of North Carolina’s Eighth District 
and our entire country, I would like to extend 
my most heartfelt appreciation to Colonel 
Moses for his indispensable service and lead-
ership as a soldier and officer in the U.S. 
Army. I know I speak for our entire community 
in wishing him and his family continued suc-
cess and happiness as he moves into retire-
ment. 
Madam Speaker, please join me today in 
honoring Colonel Bradley D. Moses for 26 
years of service and leadership in the U.S. 
Army. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. AL LAWSON, JR. 
OF FLORIDA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, September 24, 2021 
Mr. LAWSON of Florida. Madam Speaker, 
the Member, who is my designated proxy, did 
not submit my vote as instructed on Sep-
tember 23, 2021. Had I been present, I would 
have voted yea on Rollcall No. 289, En Bloc 
No. 3 to H.R. 4350, National Defense Author-
ization Act. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY 
OF FORMER MAYOR DORIS FLO-
RES LUJAN 
HON. MICHAEL F.Q. SAN NICOLAS 
OF GUAM 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, September 24, 2021 
Mr. SAN NICOLAS. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today in honor of the life and legacy of former 
Mayor Doris Flores Lujan. Mayor Lujan was 
an esteemed leader, devoted public servant, 
and true advocate for the People of Guam. 
Our people will fondly remember her as a for-
midable voice who led with compassion, 
served from the heart, and aspired to cultivate 
a greater quality of life for Inala˚han residents 
and our larger island community. 
Mayor Lujan was a political pioneer elected 
to serve her home village of Inala˚han for eight 
years. First assuming her role in 2013, she 
was the first and only woman mayor of her vil-
lage. With priorities to elevate village infra-
structure and restore public facilities while ex-
panding services for mana˚mko’, veterans, and 
persons with disabilities, Mayor Lujan dem-
onstrated an admirable resolve to bring tan-
gible solutions to those in need. Further, she 
embodied a kind of leadership that honored 
both our land and people with a mission to uti-
lize government resources for protecting the 
beauty of our island and preserving a thriving 
CHamoru culture and heritage. 
Mayor Lujan’s compassion and commitment 
to serving others extended far beyond just the 
People of Guam. Prior to her tenure as mayor 
of Inala˚han, she spent 42 years as a Sec-
retary of the Base, Wing and Communications 
Squadron Commander, Base Records Man-
ager, Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) Man-
ager, Privacy Act (PA) Officer, and Deputy of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:16 Sep 25, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A24SE8.011
E24SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 41-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E1022 
September 24, 2021 
Base Information Management at Andersen 
Airforce Base. Over the course of her distin-
guished career, Mayor Lujan supported count-
less special projects including the historic 
evacuation and resettlement of refugees from 
Vietnam in ‘‘Operation New Life,’’ Department 
of Defense civilians from the Philippines in 
‘‘Operation Fiery Vigil,’’ and the Iraqi Kurds in 
‘‘Operation Pacific Haven.’’ Moreover, her fi-
delity to service was a choice undetermined 
by official titles or acknowledgment. In addition 
to her day job and ministry work at Saint Jo-
seph Church, she also dedicated much of her 
time to nonprofit and volunteer organizations 
such as the Guam-Micronesian Games, Guam 
Special Olympics, and American Cancer Soci-
ety Relay for Life. 
Mayor Lujan is an icon of selfless service 
who continues to inspire great leadership for 
many throughout our island. As a proud son of 
southern Guam, the value of inafa’maolek she 
instilled in the work she pursued resonates 
deeply with me, and I join the People of Guam 
in remembering and celebrating her life and 
legacy of unwavering commitment to others. 
My family and I wish to extend our hearts and 
prayers for Mayor Doris Flores Lujan, her fam-
ily, and friends. She will be dearly missed, and 
her love and memories will forever remain in 
the hearts of the People of Guam. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MARJORIE TAYLOR GREENE 
OF GEORGIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, September 24, 2021 
Mrs. GREENE of Georgia. Madam Speaker, 
I believed that I voted on final passage of H.R. 
4350 before leaving for the evening. However, 
my vote was not recorded. Had I been 
present, I would have voted nay on Roll Call 
No. 293. 
f 
HONORING DR. ROBERT L. GREEN 
HON. ELISSA SLOTKIN 
OF MICHIGAN 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, September 24, 2021 
Ms. SLOTKIN. Madam Speaker, I rise today 
to honor a pioneer for civil rights in East Lan-
sing, Dr. Robert L. Green. 
In 1964, Dr. Green broke barriers as the 
first African American to own a home in East 
Lansing. As he tells it, after finishing his PhD, 
he was a young, tenured Black professor at 
Michigan State University. 
His students in the School of Education 
would come to him with problems—like the 
fact that Black students were being turned 
away at the barbershop in the Union building. 
As soon as he heard about it, Dr. Green went 
to the President of MSU, John Hannah, and, 
together with the student, the three of them 
marched down to the Union and personally 
desegregated the barbershop. 
Stories like these are a dime a dozen with 
Dr. Green. He’s been a lifelong champion for 
equality and he’s never met a problem he 
couldn’t solve. He worked at the Southern 
Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC)— 
marching for voting rights in Mississippi and 
bringing his boss, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., 
to speak on campus. 
And yet, despite his achievements, when he 
and his wife, Lettie, were looking to buy a 
home, they would arrive at a house knowing 
it was available—only to be denied due to the 
color of their skin. Dr. Green’s tenacity was 
clear from the start, and he wouldn’t let the 
prejudice of the day win. 
It was only after President John F. Kennedy 
signed an executive order banning housing 
discrimination that Dr. Green and Lettie sued 
the Lansing Board of Realtors to have their 
chance. When they won their case, the 
Greens became the first couple in the Nation 
to use the executive order’s authority to pur-
chase a home. 
Visitors to that home included the highest 
levels of the SCLC, from Ambassador Andrew 
Young to Coretta Scott King. Recently, a 
group of civic leaders worked with the Michi-
gan Historical Society to approve a historical 
marker 
that 
commemorates 
that 
groundbreaking first house. 
And just last month, it was announced that 
the elementary school that taught Dr. Green’s 
children will soon be renamed to commemo-
rate his lifelong commitment to communities of 
color. As the elected representative for East 
Lansing, I’m proud to recognize him today, in 
the People’s House, so that his legacy may 
live on. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DIANA DeGETTE 
OF COLORADO 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, September 24, 2021 
Ms. DEGETTE. Madam Speaker, on Roll 
Call No. 286, on Agreeing to the Amendment 
offered by Mr. LANGEVIN of Rhode Island No. 
42, I am not recorded because I was unavoid-
ably detained. Had I been present, I would 
have voted YEA. 
On Roll Call No. 289, on Agreeing to the 
Amendment offered by Mr. SMITH of Wash-
ington En Bloc No. 3, I am not recorded be-
cause I was unavoidably detained. Had I been 
present, I would have voted YEA. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. VIRGINIA FOXX 
OF NORTH CAROLINA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, September 24, 2021 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, yesterday, I 
was unable to make the vote on the amend-
ment to H.R. 4350 offered by Mr. LANGEVIN. 
Had I been present, I would have voted NAY 
on Roll Call No. 286. 
f 
REGARDING MY VOTE ON H.R. 4350 
HON. JACKIE WALORSKI 
OF INDIANA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, September 24, 2021 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Madam Speaker, while I 
voted for H.R. 4350, the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022, I would 
like to note that this authorization is imperfect. 
I remain opposed to the provision that would 
require young women to register with the Se-
lective Service. The primary function for con-
scription under the Military Selective Service 
Act is to quickly replace front line fighters after 
sustaining casualties. I admire and support the 
women who have volunteered to serve in our 
Armed Forces, however, I remain opposed to 
the conscription of our daughters as it has the 
potential of hindering the country’s combat 
readiness during a time of war. Selective 
Service shouldn’t be a social experiment and 
our country isn’t advancing women’s equality 
by requiring them to be conscripted into com-
bat during a time of war. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. NYDIA M. VELA´ZQUEZ 
OF NEW YORK 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, September 24, 2021 
Ms. VELA´ ZQUEZ. Madam Speaker, on 
Thursday, September 23, 2021, I regret not 
being present for one vote session. Had I 
been present, I would have voted aye on the 
Bowman of New York Part C Amendment No. 
105 to H.R. 4530, Roll Call No. 287. 
f 
RECOGNIZING AARON KEITH ON 
HIS PARALYMPIC SILVER MEDAL 
HON. SUZAN K. DelBENE 
OF WASHINGTON 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, September 24, 2021 
Ms. DELBENE. Madam Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize Aaron Keith of Woodinville, 
Washington on his first Paralympic medal. Mr. 
Keith is a prolific cyclist, who started com-
peting his senior year of high school. He went 
on to average 30 to 40 competitions a year as 
a collegiate athlete at the University of Virginia 
and later as a member of a cycling club in 
Charlottesville, VA. After suffering a biking ac-
cident and undergoing multiple surgeries, Mr. 
Keith was left with residual paralysis. As he 
recovered, Mr. Keith began researching para- 
cycling and went on to train diligently and join 
the U.S. Paralympic Cycling National Team in 
2013. 
Madam Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join 
me in honoring Mr. Keith, an incredible ath-
lete, teammate, and community member on 
his silver medal in the men’s C1 time trial. He 
has left an indelible mark on para-cycling and 
the program at Team USA. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BRADLEY SCOTT SCHNEIDER 
OF ILLINOIS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, September 24, 2021 
Mr. SCHNEIDER. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today regarding a vote I missed on September 
23, 2021. Had I been present for Roll Call 
Vote 284 to H.R. 4350, the National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022, I would 
have voted no. I do not believe that a 10 per-
cent across the board reduction in funding, as 
this amendment proposed, is a responsible 
way to reduce spending. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:16 Sep 25, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00004
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A24SE8.016
E24SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 42-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E1023 
September 24, 2021 
COST 
ESTIMATE 
FOR 
H.R. 
2119, 
THE FAMILY VIOLENCE PREVEN-
TION AND SERVICES IMPROVE-
MENT ACT 2021 
HON. ROBERT C. ‘‘BOBBY’’ SCOTT 
OF VIRGINIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, September 24, 2021 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Madam Speaker, I 
hereby include in the RECORD the cost esti-
mate prepared by the Congressional Budget 
Office for H.R. 2119, the Family Violence Pre-
vention and Services Improvement Act of 
2021. The cost estimate was not available at 
the time of the filing of the Committee report. 
U.S. CONGRESS, 
CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE, 
Washington, DC, September 24, 2021. 
Hon. ROBERT C. (BOBBY) SCOTT, 
Chairman, Committee on Education and Labor, 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
DEAR
MR. CHAIRMAN: The Congressional 
Budget Office has prepared the enclosed cost 
estimate for H.R. 2119, the Family Violence 
Prevention and Services Improvement Act of 
2021. 
If you wish further details on this esti-
mate, we will be pleased to provide them. 
The CBO staff contact is Jennifer Gray. 
Sincerely, 
PHILLIP L. SWAGEL, 
Director. 
Enclosure. 
H.R. 2119, FAMILY VIOLENCE PREVENTION AND 
SERVICES
IMPROVEMENT
ACT
OF
2021—AS 
ORDERED
REPORTED
BY
THE
HOUSE
COM-
MITTEE ON EDUCATION AND LABOR ON JULY 
15, 2021 
By fiscal year, millions of dollars— 
2021 
2021–2026 
2021–2031 
Direct Spending (Outlays) ..
0 
0 
0 
Revenues ............................
0 
0 
0 
Increase or Decrease (¥) 
in the Deficit ..................
0 
0 
0 
Spending Subject to Appro-
priation (Outlays) ...........
0 
1,316 
1,637 
Statutory pay-as-you-go procedures apply? 
No. 
Increases on-budget deficits in any of the 
four consecutive 10-year periods beginning in 
2032? No. 
Mandate Effects 
Contains intergovernmental mandate? No. 
Contains private-sector mandate? No. 
H.R. 2119 would reauthorize and amend pro-
grams authorized by the Family Violence 
Prevention and Services Act (FVPSA), in-
cluding the FVPSA program, the Domestic 
Violence Prevention Enhancement and Lead-
ership Through Alliances (DELTA) program, 
and the National Domestic Violence Hotline. 
Although the authorizations for those pro-
grams expired at the end of 2015, the Depart-
ment of Health and Human Services and the 
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 
have continued to allocate funds for them, 
including $201 million in 2021. The bill also 
would amend FVPSA to authorize new pro-
grams and activities, including grants for 
tribal domestic violence coalitions, a na-
tional Indian domestic violence hotline, 
grants to assist underserved populations, and 
grants for culturally specific services for do-
mestic violence victims. Over the 2022–2026 
period, the bill would specifically authorize 
$327.5 million in annual appropriations, dis-
tributed as follows: 
$270 million for the FVPSA program (in-
cluding grants for tribal domestic violence 
coalitions and grants for culturally specific 
services), 
$26 million for the DELTA program, 
$14 million for the National Domestic Vio-
lence Hotline, 
$10 million for grants for underserved pop-
ulations, 
$4 million for a national Indian domestic 
violence hotline, and 
$3.5 million for research and evaluation. 
For this estimate, CBO assumes that H.R. 
2119 will be enacted before the end of cal-
endar year 2021 and that the authorized 
amounts will be appropriated each year. Es-
timated outlays are based on historical 
spending patterns for similar programs. On 
that basis, CBO estimates that implementing 
the bill would cost $1.3 billion over the 2022– 
2026 period. 
The costs of the legislation, detailed in 
Table I, fall within budget functions 500 ( 
education, training, employment, and social 
services) and 550 (health). 
TABLE 1.—ESTIMATED INCREASES IN SPENDING SUBJECT TO APPROPRIATION UNDER H.R. 2119 
By fiscal year, millions of dollars— 
2021 
2022 
2023 
2024 
2025 
2026 
2021–2026 
FVPSA program 
Authorization ..............................................................................................................................................................
0 
270 
270 
270 
270 
270 
1,350 
Estimated Outlays ......................................................................................................................................................
0 
80 
216 
257 
265 
270 
1,088 
DELTA 
Authorization ..............................................................................................................................................................
0 
26 
26 
26 
26 
26 
130 
Estimated Outlays ......................................................................................................................................................
0 
11 
23 
25 
25 
26 
110 
National Domestic Violence Hotline 
Authorization ..............................................................................................................................................................
0 
14 
14 
14 
14 
14 
70 
Estimated Outlays ......................................................................................................................................................
0 
4 
11 
13 
14 
14 
56 
Grants for underserved populations 
Authorization ..............................................................................................................................................................
0 
10 
10 
10 
10 
10 
50 
Estimated Outlays ......................................................................................................................................................
0 
2 
6 
8 
10 
10 
36 
National Indian Domestic Violence Hotline 
Authorization ..............................................................................................................................................................
0 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
20 
Estimated Outlays ......................................................................................................................................................
0 
1 
3 
4 
4 
4 
16 
Research and evaluation 
Authorization ..............................................................................................................................................................
0 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
18 
Estimated Outlays ......................................................................................................................................................
0 
* 
1 
2 
3 
4 
10 
Total Changes 
Authorization .....................................................................................................................................................
0 
328 
328 
328 
328 
328 
1,638 
Estimated Outlays .............................................................................................................................................
0 
98 
260 
309 
321 
328 
1,316 
Components may not sum to totals because of rounding; DELTA = Domestic Violence Prevention Enhancement and Leadership Through Alliances; FVPSA = Family Violence Prevention and Services Act; * = between zero and 
$500,000. 
The CBO staff contacts for this estimate 
are Jennifer Gray (for the Administration 
for 
Children 
and 
Families) 
and 
Sarah 
Sajewski (for the Centers for Disease Control 
and Prevention). The estimate was reviewed 
by H. Samuel Papenfuss, Deputy Director of 
Budget Analysis. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:16 Sep 25, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00005
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A24SE8.025
E24SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 43-
D1051 
Friday, September 24, 2021 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate was not in session and stands ad-
journed until 3 p.m., on Monday, September 27, 
2021. 
Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 16 pub-
lic bills, H.R.5358–5373; and 4 resolutions, H. Res. 
679–682 were introduced.                            Pages H5173–74 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H5175 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. 
Women’s Health Protection Act of 2021: The 
House passed H.R. 3755, to protect a person’s abil-
ity to determine whether to continue or end a preg-
nancy, and to protect a health care provider’s ability 
to provide abortion services, by a yea-and-nay vote 
of 218 yeas to 211 nays, Roll No. 295. 
                                                                                    Pages H5139–59 
Rejected the Letlow motion to recommit the bill 
to the Committee on Energy and Commerce by a 
yea-and-nay vote of 210 yeas to 219 nays, Roll No. 
294.                                                                           Pages H5157–59 
Pursuant to the Rule, the amendment printed in 
part A of H. Rept. 117–125 shall be considered as 
adopted.                                                                          Page H5139 
H. Res. 667, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 3755), (H.R. 4350), and (H.R. 
5305) was agreed to Tuesday, September 21st. 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate 
by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the 
House today appears on page H5139. 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-
veloped during the proceedings of today and appear 
on pages H5158 and H5159. 
Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-
journed at 2:25 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, 
SEPTEMBER 27, 2021 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. 
House 
Committee on the Budget, September 25, Full Committee, 
markup on legislation to provide for reconciliation pursu-
ant to title II of the Concurrent Resolution on the Budg-
et for Fiscal Year 2022, S. Con. Res. 14, 2 p.m., Zoom. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:55 Sep 25, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D24SE1.REC
D24SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 44-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional Record
The Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each House
of Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, United
States Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶ Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶ To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO
63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶ Following
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶ With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record.
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.
U
N
U
M
E
P
LU
RI
B
U
S
D1052 
September 24, 2021 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
3 p.m., Monday, September 27 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration 
of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 5305, 
Extending Government Funding and Delivering Emer-
gency Assistance Act, and vote on the motion to invoke 
cloture thereon at 5:30 p.m. 
Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
11 a.m., Sunday, September 26 
House Chamber 
Program for Sunday: House will meet in Pro Forma 
session at 11 a.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Boebert, Lauren, Colo., E1019 
Courtney, Joe, Conn., E1019 
DeGette, Diana, Colo., E1022 
DelBene, Suzan K., Wash., E1019, E1021, E1022 
Estes, Ron, Kans., E1019 
Foxx, Virginia, N.C., E1022 
Gallagher, Mike, Wisc., E1020 
Greene, Marjorie Taylor, Ga., E1022 
Hudson, Richard, N.C., E1021 
Jacobs, Chris, N.Y., E1020 
Lawson, Al, Jr., Fla., E1021 
Leger Fernandez, Teresa, N.M., E1019 
Payne, Donald M., Jr., N.J., E1020 
San Nicolas, Michael F.Q., Guam , E1021 
Schiff, Adam B., Calif., E1019, E1021 
Schneider, Bradley Scott, Ill., E1022 
Scott, Robert C. ‘‘Bobby’’, Va., E1023 
Slotkin, Elissa, Mich., E1022 
Smucker, Lloyd, Pa., E1020 
Trahan, Lori, Mass., E1020 
Vela´zquez, Nydia M., N.Y., E1022 
Walorski, Jackie, Ind., E1022 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:55 Sep 25, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 0664
Sfmt 0664
E:\CR\FM\D24SE1.REC
D24SEPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 45-
