Congressional Record
U
N
U
M
E
P
LU
RI
B
U
S
United States
of America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 117th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
b This symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b 1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.
H1847 
Vol. 167 
WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, APRIL 16, 2021 
No. 66 
Senate 
The Senate was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Monday, April 19, 2021, at 3 p.m. 
House of Representatives 
FRIDAY, APRIL 16, 2021 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Margaret 
Grun Kibben, offered the following 
prayer: 
Holy God, in You we live and breathe 
and have our being. We pause to ac-
knowledge that nothing will take place 
today that isn’t under Your authority, 
subject to Your decrees, or reliant on 
Your sustaining Word. 
Bless us, then, at the start of this 
legislative day. As we have made the 
first item on the agenda to orient our-
selves to You, the giver of our lives, 
the creator of the universe, the author 
of our faith, so may our priorities 
throughout this day and in our lives, be 
thus aligned to Your will. 
Call us to yield to Your leadership 
that You would direct our words and 
deeds. Censure us with Your loving 
judgment and may we with humility 
respond to Your divine guidance. Speak 
Your Word into our lives, that we 
would find refreshment in its promises 
and wisdom in its precepts. 
Remind us in this moment of prayer, 
that when we place You first, You will 
order our steps and crown our efforts 
with success. In this is our hope and 
salvation. In Your saving name we 
pray. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. Pursuant to section 
11(a) of House Resolution 188, the Jour-
nal of the last day’s proceedings is ap-
proved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman 
from 
Tennessee 
(Mr. 
FLEISCHMANN) 
come forward and lead the House in the 
Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. FLEISCHMANN led the Pledge of 
Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-
lic for which it stands, one nation under God, 
indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-
tain up to five requests for 1-minute 
speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SHAWN FRIEDKIN 
(Mr. DEUTCH asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute.) 
Mr. DEUTCH. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to pay tribute to my good friend, 
Shawn Friedkin, who left this Earth on 
March 3 after a courageous battle with 
cancer. 
When Shawn was 27, he was trag-
ically injured in a car accident. The ac-
cident took away Shawn’s ability to 
walk, but it also inspired him to dedi-
cate his life to helping other excep-
tional people. He founded the nonprofit 
association, 
Stand 
Among 
Friends, 
whose mission followed Shawn’s, to 
help people with disabilities to live a 
life without limits. 
Stand Among Friends partnered with 
Florida Atlantic University to open the 
Disability Center, which provides re-
sources and career guidance to help in-
dividuals with disabilities find mean-
ingful 
employment. 
Shawn 
was 
a 
founding member of the Boca Raton 
Advisory Board for People with Dis-
abilities. He advocated for the disabled 
community and was appointed to the 
White House Healthcare Task Force. 
Shawn’s mission was to help people 
with disabilities embrace their dif-
ferences, realize their abilities, and 
leave a positive impact on their com-
munity. And his positive impact leaves 
a lasting legacy through the lives of all 
the people he helped personally, and 
most of all through his loving family. 
All of us are privileged to call him a 
friend, 
Above all, Shawn was devoted to his 
family and cherished spending time 
with his loving wife of 38 years, Lisa, 
and their incredible daughters, Bennett 
and Sydney. We will all miss Shawn’s 
endless kindness, compassion, and gen-
erosity. Our lives are better for having 
Shawn as part of them. 
Madam Speaker, I ask my colleagues 
to join me in recognizing Shawn 
Friedkin’s life on the floor of the U.S. 
House of Representatives. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF LINDSAY 
OVERBAY 
(Mr. EMMER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:29 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A16AP7.000
H16APPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE
® 
Pdnted on recycled papfil 

 -Page 0-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1848 
April 16, 2021 
Mr. EMMER. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to remember and honor the life 
of Lindsay Overbay. 
Lindsay lost her life, and several of 
her coworkers were injured, in a tragic 
and senseless attack on the Allina 
Health Clinic in Buffalo, Minnesota, on 
February 9. 
We continue to pray for Lindsay and 
her family and for the full and speedy 
recovery of her coworkers. 
Lindsay was the best Minnesota has 
to offer. She devoted her life to family 
and her community, and her career to 
caring for people. She was only 37 years 
old. She leaves behind her husband, 
Donnie, and two young children, Gavin 
and Ava. 
Special thanks to Wright County 
Sheriff Sean Deringer and his deputies 
and the city of Buffalo Police Depart-
ment for their immediate and profes-
sional response that ended the threat 
and prevented further loss of life. 
Our community must heal, and we 
will heal from this sad event, but we 
will always remember Lindsay, Donnie, 
Gavin, Ava, and the entire Allina fam-
ily. 
f 
VOTER SUPPRESSION 
(Ms. GARCIA of Texas asked and was 
given permission to address the House 
for 1 minute.) 
Ms. GARCIA of Texas. Madam Speak-
er, I rise today to sound the alarm 
about the ongoing efforts to pass voter 
suppression laws across our Nation and 
in my home State of Texas. 
Republicans have made it a priority 
to pass so-called ‘‘election integrity 
bills.’’ These misnamed bills are solely 
aimed at limiting access to the ballot 
box, particularly in urban counties like 
mine in Harris County. 
In the 2020 election, Harris County 
saw record turnout despite the ongoing 
COVID–19 pandemic. We implemented 
drive-through voting, authorized vot-
ing sites to stay open until 10 p.m., and 
several locations were open for 24 
hours. Hundreds of thousands of voters 
used these options to exercise their 
constitutional right without endan-
gering themselves or their loved ones. 
Now, Republicans in the State legis-
lature are trying to ban and limit these 
measures under the false premise of 
‘‘election integrity.’’ 
Madam Speaker, I strongly urge the 
Senate to pass H.R. 1, which would ex-
pand access to the ballot box and pro-
hibit restrictions on drive-through vot-
ing for members of my community and 
all the voters across Texas. 
Voting is a right that should be en-
couraged, not restricted. 
f 
REMEMBERING BILL DOWNEY III 
(Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and 
was given permission to address the 
House for 1 minute and to revise and 
extend his remarks.) 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Madam 
Speaker, I rise today with a heavy 
heart to remember and honor Mr. Bill 
Downey III of St. Simons Island, Geor-
gia, who passed away on February 28 at 
the age of 87. 
Bill was a gentleman in every sense 
of the word, and he dedicated his life to 
serving others. After proudly serving 
his country in the United States Army, 
Bill met his wife of 58 years, Beth New-
ton. 
Service to his community was an in-
tegral part of Bill’s character. His 
kindness and selflessness extended to 
every area of his life, including his 
time as president of the Golden Isles 
Board of Realtors, chairman of the St. 
Simons Island Chamber of Commerce, 
chairman of the Airport Commission, 
and chairman of the Board of Frederica 
Academy. 
He was also a member of St. An-
drew’s Episcopal Church, where he 
served as senior warden. Everyone who 
knew Bill recognized his giving heart 
and love for the outdoors. My thoughts 
and 
prayers 
are 
with 
his 
family, 
friends, and all who knew him during 
this most difficult time. 
f 
HOPE IN THE VACCINE 
(Mr. TAKANO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. TAKANO. Madam Speaker, the 
COVID–19 pandemic has cast a dark 
cloud over the world. Many have lost 
family members, friends, and other 
loved ones to the virus. And after many 
dark months, hope is here. 
With the help of public health ex-
perts and science, we have vaccines to 
protect us and save lives. Democrats 
fought hard for a robust $20 billion na-
tional vaccination program in the 
American Rescue Plan. With these 
funds, we can ensure that everyone has 
access to a vaccine. 
In my district, everyone 16 and older 
is eligible to get vaccinated. And as of 
this week, Riverside County reported 
that at least 1.3 million doses have 
been administered and over 400,000 resi-
dents are fully vaccinated, but to reach 
herd immunity, everyone must get vac-
cinated. We are all in this together and 
we can beat this virus together. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF CHARLES H. 
COOLIDGE 
(Mr. FLEISCHMANN asked and was 
given permission to address the House 
for 1 minute and to revise and extend 
his remarks.) 
Mr. FLEISCHMANN. Madam Speak-
er, I rise today to honor Technical Ser-
geant Charles H. Coolidge of Signal 
Mountain, Tennessee, and recognize a 
lifetime of service to our Nation. 
Sergeant Coolidge passed away on 
April 6, 2022. Sergeant Coolidge was the 
second-to-last surviving Congressional 
Medal of Honor recipient from World 
War II and was the last surviving 
Medal of Honor recipient from the Eu-
ropean theater. 
Born on August 4, 1921, Sergeant Coo-
lidge is a national hero. During the pe-
riod of October 24 through October 27, 
1944, Sergeant Coolidge led a valiant 
repulsion of German infantry and tank 
units near the French town of Bel-
mont-sur-Buttant. Prior to that, he 
had received the Silver Star for valiant 
combat in Italy. 
Sergeant Coolidge’s place in Amer-
ican history deserves the great acclaim 
bestowed on him then with the Medal 
of Honor, and now. He is truly an 
American hero and will be greatly 
missed. 
f 
BLACK MATERNAL HEALTH WEEK 
(Ms. UNDERWOOD asked and was 
given permission to address the House 
for 1 minute and to revise and extend 
her remarks.) 
Ms. UNDERWOOD. Madam Speaker, 
this week was Black Maternal Health 
Week, an important opportunity to dis-
cuss the disparities affecting Black 
mothers. 
Maternal 
mortality 
rates 
have 
dropped around the world, but in the 
U.S. they have risen, leaving behind 
devastated families and children who 
will grow up never knowing their 
moms. And for Black moms and other 
women and birthing people of color, 
the crisis is even more severe. 
Throughout Black Maternal Health 
Week, I had deeply impactful conversa-
tions with moms, healthcare profes-
sionals, Secretary Becerra, and activ-
ists who have poured their hearts into 
solving this crisis. I was also inspired 
by other conversations I saw across the 
country. 
The need to address our Nation’s ma-
ternal health crisis has never been 
more urgent, especially as we continue 
to confront a pandemic that has exac-
erbated existing health inequities, par-
ticularly for pregnant people. I am es-
pecially excited to have the Biden/Har-
ris administration’s partnership in this 
critical work. 
Madam Speaker, with the American 
Rescue Plan and solutions like the 
Black Maternal Health Momnibus Act, 
we can save lives, end disparities, and 
achieve true equity for all of our 
moms. 
f 
THE MASTERS 2021 OMS 
(Mr. ALLEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. ALLEN. Madam Speaker, during 
the first week of April, the world’s top 
golfers are invited to my hometown of 
Augusta, Georgia, as they compete in 
the most prestigious tournament in the 
world known as The Masters. As people 
from around the world visit the Au-
gusta National Golf Club or tune in 
from the comfort of their homes, they 
get to experience a tradition unlike 
any other. 
After the 2020 Masters Tournament 
was postponed to the fall with no spec-
tators due to the pandemic, there was 
a lot of excitement to be back this 
year—even at limited capacity. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:29 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K16AP7.002
H16APPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 1-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1849 
April 16, 2021 
Madam Speaker, I thank Chairman 
Ridley and members of Augusta Na-
tional for putting on a safe and memo-
rable tournament this year. 
And I want to extend my personal 
congratulations to the 2021 Masters 
Champion, Hideki Matsuyama. He is 
the first-ever Japanese professional 
golfer to win a men’s major golf cham-
pionship, and he has made his nation of 
Japan very proud. 
Hideki is an inspiration to young 
golfers around the world, showing that 
you can reach the pinnacle of your pro-
fession through dedication and hard 
work. 
f 
HELPING YOUNG MOTHERS 
(Mr. CASTEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute.) 
Mr. CASTEN. Madam Speaker, ear-
lier this month I visited Teen Parent 
Connection in Glen Ellyn, Illinois. It is 
an organization that serves young 
mothers, offering everything from dia-
pers and formula, to doulas, coun-
seling, and domestic abuse support 
services. 
They were extremely grateful for the 
recent $1,400 economic impact pay-
ments that, in many cases, helped 
these new moms cover critical ex-
penses 
like 
housing, 
food, 
and 
healthcare. But as we talked, it became 
apparent that they were not taking ad-
vantage and didn’t even know about 
the larger $3,600 per child Child Tax 
Credit. And why would they? These are 
new moms that have never filed taxes 
before. They don’t follow the tax policy 
changes nearly as closely as we do here 
in the Capitol, but here is this fan-
tastic need. 
Our office is now working to connect 
them with free tax filing services, but 
to the rest of American parents—young 
and old—please make sure to take ad-
vantage of this program. Even if you 
don’t have any taxes due, the credit is 
fully refundable, and once you file, we 
will start sending checks to 70 million 
American families on July 1. 
This tax credit will cut child poverty 
in half, help close the racial wealth 
gap, and help ensure more kids can live 
up to their full potential. In Illinois 
alone, it will lift 153,000 children out of 
poverty. It is, in short, a really big 
deal. 
f 
b 0915 
HONORING BETTY WIECHERT 
(Mr. BALDERSON asked and was 
given permission to address the House 
for 1 minute and to revise and extend 
his remarks.) 
Mr. BALDERSON. Madam Speaker, I 
rise today to honor the life of a lifelong 
Ohioan who made a profound impact on 
not only me but so many in the Zanes-
ville 
area, 
my 
hometown, 
Betty 
Wiechert. 
I first came to know Betty when I 
was just a young boy, when she became 
my first Sunday school teacher. All 
these years later, Betty and I still at-
tended the same church together each 
Sunday. 
Just a few weeks ago, Betty even sur-
prised me by asking a question on a 
telephone townhall. She lived an in-
credibly full life until the very end. 
Born in Newark and raised in Zanes-
ville, Betty gave her entire life to her 
family and this community, teaching 
not only Sunday school but also third 
and fifth grades. 
Her passing was preceded by her par-
ents, her husband of nearly 62 years, 
Rudy, two grandchildren, two great- 
grandchildren, one great-great-grand-
child, a brother-in-law, and her father- 
in-law and mother-in-law. 
She is survived by six children, 16 
grandchildren, 46 great-grandchildren, 
42 
great-great-grandchildren, 
with 
three more nephews, and extended fam-
ily and friends. 
Her faith and her positivity were Bet-
ty’s trademarks and are all the things 
fellow Ohioans remember most about 
her. 
I will miss seeing her each Sunday at 
church and will always admire her 
dedication to bettering the lives of 
those around her each day. We will 
miss her dearly. 
f 
WORKPLACE 
VIOLENCE 
PREVEN-
TION FOR HEALTH CARE AND 
SOCIAL SERVICE WORKERS ACT 
Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Speaker, as 
the designee of the chairman of the 
Committee on Education and Labor, 
pursuant to House Resolution 303, I 
call up the bill (H.R. 1195) to direct the 
Secretary of Labor to issue an occupa-
tional safety and health standard that 
requires covered employers within the 
health care and social service indus-
tries to develop and implement a com-
prehensive workplace violence preven-
tion plan, and for other purposes, and 
ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mrs. 
DEMINGS). Pursuant to House Resolu-
tion 303, the amendment in the nature 
of a substitute recommended by the 
Committee on Education and Labor, 
printed in the bill, is adopted and the 
bill, as amended, is considered read. 
The text of the bill, as amended, is as 
follows: 
H.R. 1195 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Workplace Vio-
lence Prevention for Health Care and Social 
Service Workers Act’’. 
SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title. 
Sec. 2. Table of contents. 
TITLE I—WORKPLACE VIOLENCE 
PREVENTION STANDARD 
Sec. 101. Workplace violence prevention stand-
ard. 
Sec. 102. Scope and application. 
Sec. 103. Requirements for workplace violence 
prevention standard. 
Sec. 104. Rules of construction. 
Sec. 105. Other definitions. 
TITLE II—AMENDMENTS TO THE SOCIAL 
SECURITY ACT 
Sec. 201. Application of the workplace violence 
prevention standard to certain fa-
cilities receiving Medicare funds. 
TITLE I—WORKPLACE VIOLENCE 
PREVENTION STANDARD 
SEC. 101. WORKPLACE VIOLENCE PREVENTION 
STANDARD. 
(a) INTERIM FINAL STANDARD.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary 
of Labor shall issue an interim final standard 
on workplace violence prevention— 
(A) to require certain employers in the health 
care and social service sectors, and certain em-
ployers in sectors that conduct activities similar 
to the activities in the health care and social 
service sectors, to develop and implement a com-
prehensive workplace violence prevention plan 
and carry out other activities or requirements 
described in section 103 to protect health care 
workers, social service workers, and other per-
sonnel from workplace violence; and 
(B) that shall, at a minimum, be based on the 
Guidelines for Preventing Workplace Violence 
for Healthcare and Social Service Workers pub-
lished by the Occupational Safety and Health 
Administration of the Department of Labor in 
2015 and adhere to the requirements of this title. 
(2) INAPPLICABLE PROVISIONS OF LAW AND EX-
ECUTIVE
ORDER.—The following provisions of 
law and Executive orders shall not apply to the 
issuance of the interim final standard under 
this subsection: 
(A) The requirements applicable to occupa-
tional safety and health standards under sec-
tion 6(b) of the Occupational Safety and Health 
Act of 1970 (29 U.S.C. 655(b)). 
(B) The requirements of chapters 5 and 6 of 
title 5, United States Code. 
(C) Subchapter I of chapter 35 of title 44, 
United States Code (commonly referred to as the 
‘‘Paperwork Reduction Act’’). 
(D) Executive Order 12866 (58 Fed. Reg. 51735; 
relating to regulatory planning and review), as 
amended. 
(3) NOTICE
AND
COMMENT.—Notwithstanding 
paragraph (2)(B), the Secretary shall, prior to 
issuing the interim final standard under this 
subsection, provide notice in the Federal Reg-
ister of the interim final standard and a 30-day 
period for public comment. 
(4) EFFECTIVE DATE OF INTERIM STANDARD.— 
The interim final standard shall— 
(A) take effect on a date that is not later than 
30 days after issuance, except that such interim 
final standard may include a reasonable phase- 
in period for the implementation of required en-
gineering controls that take effect after such 
date; 
(B) be enforced in the same manner and to the 
same extent as any standard promulgated under 
section 6(b) of the Occupational Safety and 
Health Act of 1970 (29 U.S.C. 655(b)); and 
(C) be in effect until the final standard de-
scribed in subsection (b) becomes effective and 
enforceable. 
(5) FAILURE TO PROMULGATE.—If an interim 
final standard described in paragraph (1) is not 
issued not later than 1 year of the date of enact-
ment of this Act, the provisions of this title shall 
be in effect and enforced in the same manner 
and to the same extent as any standard promul-
gated under section 6(b) of the Occupational 
Safety and Health Act (29 U.S.C. 655(b)) until 
such provisions are superseded in whole by an 
interim final standard issued by the Secretary 
that meets the requirements of paragraph (1). 
(b) FINAL STANDARD.— 
(1) PROPOSED
STANDARD.—Not later than 2 
years after the date of enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary of Labor shall, pursuant to section 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
07:04 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\K16AP7.004
H16APPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 2-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1850 
April 16, 2021 
6 of the Occupational Safety and Health Act (29 
U.S.C. 655), promulgate a proposed standard on 
workplace violence prevention— 
(A) for the purposes described in subsection 
(a)(1)(A); and 
(B) that shall include, at a minimum, require-
ments contained in the interim final standard 
promulgated under subsection (a). 
(2) FINAL
STANDARD.—Not later than 42 
months after the date of enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary shall issue a final standard on 
such proposed standard that shall— 
(A) provide no less protection than any work-
place violence standard adopted by a State plan 
that has been approved by the Secretary under 
section 18 of the Occupational Safety and 
Health Act of 1970 (29 U.S.C. 667), provided the 
Secretary finds that the final standard is fea-
sible on the basis of the best available evidence; 
and 
(B) be effective and enforceable in the same 
manner and to the same extent as any standard 
promulgated under section 6(b) of the Occupa-
tional Safety and Health Act of 1970 (29 U.S.C. 
655(b)). 
SEC. 102. SCOPE AND APPLICATION. 
In this title: 
(1) COVERED FACILITY.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—The term ‘‘covered facility’’ 
includes the following: 
(i) Any hospital, including any specialty hos-
pital, in-patient or outpatient setting, or clinic 
operating within a hospital license, or any set-
ting that provides outpatient services. 
(ii) Any residential treatment facility, includ-
ing any nursing home, skilled nursing facility, 
hospice facility, and long-term care facility. 
(iii) Any non-residential treatment or service 
setting. 
(iv) Any medical treatment or social service 
setting or clinic at a correctional or detention 
facility. 
(v) Any community care setting, including a 
community-based 
residential 
facility, 
group 
home, and mental health clinic. 
(vi) Any psychiatric treatment facility. 
(vii) Any drug abuse or substance use disorder 
treatment center. 
(viii) Any independent freestanding emer-
gency centers. 
(ix) Any facility described in clauses (i) 
through (viii) operated by a Federal Government 
agency and required to comply with occupa-
tional safety and health standards pursuant to 
section 1960 of title 29, Code of Federal Regula-
tions (as such section is in effect on the date of 
enactment of this Act). 
(x) Any other facility the Secretary determines 
should be covered under the standards promul-
gated under section 101. 
(B) EXCLUSION.—The term ‘‘covered facility’’ 
does not include an office of a physician, den-
tist, podiatrist, or any other health practitioner 
that is not physically located within a covered 
facility described in clauses (i) through (x) of 
subparagraph (A). 
(2) COVERED SERVICES.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—The term ‘‘covered service’’ 
includes the following services and operations: 
(i) Any services and operations provided in 
any field work setting, including home health 
care, home-based hospice, and home-based so-
cial work. 
(ii) Any emergency services and transport, in-
cluding such services provided by firefighters 
and emergency responders. 
(iii) Any services described in clauses (i) and 
(ii) performed by a Federal Government agency 
and required to comply with occupational safety 
and health standards pursuant to section 1960 
of title 29, Code of Federal Regulations (as such 
section is in effect on the date of enactment of 
this Act). 
(iv) Any other services and operations the Sec-
retary determines should be covered under the 
standards promulgated under section 101. 
(B) EXCLUSION.—The term ‘‘covered service’’ 
does not include child day care services. 
(3) COVERED EMPLOYER.— 
(A) IN
GENERAL.—The term ‘‘covered em-
ployer’’ includes a person (including a con-
tractor, subcontractor, a temporary service firm, 
or an employee leasing entity) that employs an 
individual to work at a covered facility or to 
perform covered services. 
(B) 
EXCLUSION.—The 
term 
‘‘covered 
em-
ployer’’ does not include an individual who pri-
vately employs, in the individual’s residence, a 
person to perform covered services for the indi-
vidual or a family member of the individual. 
(4) COVERED EMPLOYEE.—The term ‘‘covered 
employee’’ includes an individual employed by a 
covered employer to work at a covered facility or 
to perform covered services. 
SEC. 103. REQUIREMENTS FOR WORKPLACE VIO-
LENCE PREVENTION STANDARD. 
Each standard described in section 101 shall 
include, at a minimum, the following require-
ments: 
(1) WORKPLACE VIOLENCE PREVENTION PLAN.— 
Not later than 6 months after the date of pro-
mulgation of the interim final standard under 
section 101(a), a covered employer shall develop, 
implement, and maintain an effective written 
workplace violence prevention plan (in this sec-
tion referred to as the ‘‘Plan’’) for covered em-
ployees at each covered facility and for covered 
employees performing a covered service on be-
half of such employer, which meets the fol-
lowing: 
(A) PLAN DEVELOPMENT.—Each Plan shall— 
(i) be developed and implemented with the 
meaningful participation of direct care employ-
ees, other employees, and employee representa-
tives, for all aspects of the Plan; 
(ii) be tailored and specific to conditions and 
hazards for the covered facility or the covered 
service, including patient-specific risk factors 
and risk factors specific to each work area or 
unit; and 
(iii) be suitable for the size, complexity, and 
type of operations at the covered facility or for 
the covered service, and remain in effect at all 
times. 
(B) PLAN CONTENT.—Each Plan shall include 
procedures and methods for the following: 
(i) Identification of the individual and the in-
dividual’s position responsible for implementa-
tion of the Plan. 
(ii) With respect to each work area and unit 
at the covered facility or while covered employ-
ees are performing the covered service, risk as-
sessment and identification of workplace vio-
lence risks and hazards to employees exposed to 
such risks and hazards (including environ-
mental risk factors and patient-specific risk fac-
tors), which shall be— 
(I) informed by past violent incidents specific 
to such covered facility or such covered service; 
and 
(II) conducted with, at a minimum— 
(aa) direct care employees; 
(bb) where applicable, the representatives of 
such employees; and 
(cc) the employer. 
(iii) Hazard prevention, engineering controls, 
or work practice controls to correct hazards, in 
a timely manner, applying industrial hygiene 
principles of the hierarchy of controls, which— 
(I) may include security and alarm systems, 
adequate exit routes, monitoring systems, barrier 
protection, established areas for patients and 
clients, lighting, entry procedures, staffing and 
working in teams, and systems to identify and 
flag clients with a history of violence; and 
(II) shall ensure that employers correct, in a 
timely manner, hazards identified in any violent 
incident investigation described in paragraph 
(2) and any annual report described in para-
graph (5). 
(iv) Reporting, incident response, and post-in-
cident investigation procedures, including pro-
cedures— 
(I) for employees to report workplace violence 
risks, hazards, and incidents; 
(II) for employers to respond to reports of 
workplace violence; 
(III) for employers to perform a post-incident 
investigation and debriefing of all reports of 
workplace violence with the participation of em-
ployees and their representatives; 
(IV) to provide medical care or first aid to af-
fected employees; and 
(V) to provide employees with information 
about available trauma and related counseling. 
(v) Procedures for emergency response, includ-
ing procedures for threats of mass casualties 
and procedures for incidents involving a firearm 
or a dangerous weapon. 
(vi) Procedures for communicating with and 
training the covered employees on workplace vi-
olence hazards, threats, and work practice con-
trols, the employer’s plan, and procedures for 
confronting, responding to, and reporting work-
place violence threats, incidents, and concerns, 
and employee rights. 
(vii) Procedures for— 
(I) ensuring the coordination of risk assess-
ment efforts, Plan development, and implemen-
tation of the Plan with other employers who 
have employees who work at the covered facility 
or who are performing the covered service; and 
(II) determining which covered employer or 
covered employers shall be responsible for imple-
menting and complying with the provisions of 
the standard applicable to the working condi-
tions over which such employers have control. 
(viii) Procedures for conducting the annual 
evaluation under paragraph (6). 
(C) AVAILABILITY OF PLAN.—Each Plan shall 
be made available at all times to the covered em-
ployees who are covered under such Plan. 
(2) VIOLENT INCIDENT INVESTIGATION.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—As soon as practicable after 
a workplace violence incident, risk, or hazard of 
which a covered employer has knowledge, the 
employer shall conduct an investigation of such 
incident, risk, or hazard under which the em-
ployer shall— 
(i) review the circumstances of the incident, 
risk, or hazard, and whether any controls or 
measures implemented pursuant to the Plan of 
the employer were effective; and 
(ii) solicit input from involved employees, their 
representatives, and supervisors about the cause 
of the incident, risk, or hazard, and whether 
further corrective measures (including system- 
level factors) could have prevented the incident, 
risk, or hazard. 
(B) DOCUMENTATION.—A covered employer 
shall document the findings, recommendations, 
and corrective measures taken for each inves-
tigation conducted under this paragraph. 
(3) TRAINING AND EDUCATION.—With respect to 
the covered employees covered under a Plan of 
a covered employer, the employer shall provide 
training and education to such employees who 
may be exposed to workplace violence hazards 
and risks, which meet the following require-
ments: 
(A) Annual training and education shall in-
clude information on the Plan, including identi-
fied workplace violence hazards, work practice 
control measures, reporting procedures, record 
keeping requirements, response procedures, anti- 
retaliation policies, and employee rights. 
(B) Additional hazard recognition training 
shall be provided for supervisors and managers 
to ensure they— 
(i) can recognize high-risk situations; and 
(ii) do not assign employees to situations that 
predictably compromise the safety of such em-
ployees. 
(C) Additional training shall be provided for 
each such covered employee whose job cir-
cumstances have changed, within a reasonable 
timeframe after such change. 
(D) Applicable training shall be provided 
under this paragraph for each new covered em-
ployee prior to the employee’s job assignment. 
(E) All training shall provide such employees 
opportunities to ask questions, give feedback on 
training, and request additional instruction, 
clarification, or other followup. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:29 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00004
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\A16AP7.001
H16APPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 3-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1851 
April 16, 2021 
(F) All training shall be provided in-person 
and by an individual with knowledge of work-
place violence prevention and of the Plan, ex-
cept that any annual training described in sub-
paragraph (A) provided to an employee after the 
first year such training is provided to such em-
ployee may be conducted by live video if in-per-
son training is impracticable. 
(G) All training shall be appropriate in con-
tent and vocabulary to the language, edu-
cational level, and literacy of such covered em-
ployees. 
(4) RECORDKEEPING
AND
ACCESS
TO
PLAN 
RECORDS.— 
(A) IN
GENERAL.—Each covered employer 
shall— 
(i) maintain for not less than 5 years— 
(I) records related to each Plan of the em-
ployer, including workplace violence risk and 
hazard assessments, and identification, evalua-
tion, correction, and training procedures; 
(II) a violent incident log described in sub-
paragraph (B) for recording all workplace vio-
lence incidents; and 
(III) records of all incident investigations as 
required under paragraph (2)(B); and 
(ii)(I) make such records and logs available, 
upon request, to covered employees and their 
representatives for examination and copying in 
accordance with section 1910.1020 of title 29, 
Code of Federal Regulations (as such section is 
in effect on the date of enactment of this Act), 
and in a manner consistent with HIPAA privacy 
regulations (defined in section 1180(b)(3) of the 
Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1320d–9(b)(3))) 
and part 2 of title 42, Code of Federal Regula-
tions (as such part is in effect on the date of en-
actment of this Act); and 
(II) ensure that any such records and logs 
that may be copied, transmitted electronically, 
or otherwise removed from the employer’s con-
trol for purposes of this clause omit any element 
of personal identifying information sufficient to 
allow identification of any patient, resident, cli-
ent, or other individual alleged to have com-
mitted a violent incident (including the individ-
ual’s name, address, electronic mail address, 
telephone number, or social security number, or 
other information that, alone or in combination 
with other publicly available information, re-
veals such individual’s identity). 
(B) VIOLENT
INCIDENT
LOG
DESCRIPTION.— 
Each violent incident log shall— 
(i) be maintained by a covered employer for 
each covered facility controlled by the employer 
and for each covered service being performed by 
a covered employee on behalf of such employer; 
(ii) be based on a template developed by the 
Secretary not later than 1 year after the date of 
enactment of this Act; 
(iii) include, at a minimum, a description of— 
(I) the violent incident (including environ-
mental risk factors present at the time of the in-
cident); 
(II) the date, time, and location of the inci-
dent, and the names and job titles of involved 
employees; 
(III) the nature and extent of injuries to cov-
ered employees; 
(IV) a classification of the perpetrator who 
committed the violence, including whether the 
perpetrator was— 
(aa) a patient, client, resident, or customer of 
a covered employer; 
(bb) a family or friend of a patient, client, 
resident, or customer of a covered employer; 
(cc) a stranger; 
(dd) a coworker, supervisor, or manager of a 
covered employee; 
(ee) a partner, spouse, parent, or relative of a 
covered employee; or 
(ff) any other appropriate classification; 
(V) the type of violent incident (such as type 
1 violence, type 2 violence, type 3 violence, or 
type 4 violence); and 
(VI) how the incident was abated; 
(iv) not later than 7 days after the employer 
learns of such incident, contain a record of each 
violent incident, which is updated to ensure 
completeness of such record; 
(v) be maintained for not less than 5 years; 
and 
(vi) in the case of a violent incident involving 
a privacy concern case, protect the identity of 
employees in a manner consistent with section 
1904.29(b) of title 29, Code of Federal Regula-
tions (as such section is in effect on the date of 
enactment of this Act). 
(C) ANNUAL SUMMARY.— 
(i) COVERED EMPLOYERS.—Each covered em-
ployer shall prepare and submit to the Secretary 
an annual summary of each violent incident log 
for the preceding calendar year that shall— 
(I) with respect to each covered facility, and 
each covered service, for which such a log has 
been maintained, include— 
(aa) the total number of violent incidents; 
(bb) the number of recordable injuries related 
to such incidents; and 
(cc) the total number of hours worked by the 
covered employees for such preceding year; 
(II) be completed on a form provided by the 
Secretary; 
(III) be posted for 3 months beginning Feb-
ruary 1 of each year in a manner consistent 
with the requirements of section 1904 of title 29, 
Code of Federal Regulations (as such section is 
in effect on the date of enactment of this Act), 
relating to the posting of summaries of injury 
and illness logs; 
(IV) be located in a conspicuous place or 
places where notices to employees are custom-
arily posted; and 
(V) not be altered, defaced, or covered by 
other material. 
(ii) SECRETARY.—Not later than 1 year after 
the promulgation of the interim final standard 
under section 101(a), the Secretary shall make 
available a platform for the electronic submis-
sion of annual summaries required under this 
subparagraph. 
(5) ANNUAL REPORT.— 
(A) REPORT
TO
SECRETARY.—Not later than 
February 15 of each year, each covered em-
ployer shall report to the Secretary, on a form 
provided by the Secretary, the frequency, quan-
tity, and severity of workplace violence, and 
any incident response and post-incident inves-
tigation (including abatement measures) for the 
incidents set forth in the annual summary of the 
violent incident log described in paragraph 
(4)(C). The contents of the report of the Sec-
retary to Congress shall not disclose any con-
fidential information. 
(B) REPORT TO CONGRESS.—Not later than 6 
months after February 15 of each year, the Sec-
retary shall submit to Congress a summary of 
the reports received under subparagraph (A). 
(6) ANNUAL EVALUATION.—Each covered em-
ployer shall conduct an annual written evalua-
tion, conducted with the full, active participa-
tion of covered employees and employee rep-
resentatives, of— 
(A) the implementation and effectiveness of 
the Plan, including a review of the violent inci-
dent log; and 
(B) compliance with training required by each 
standard described in section 101, and specified 
in the Plan. 
(7) PLAN
UPDATES.—Each covered employer 
shall incorporate changes to the Plan, in a man-
ner consistent with paragraph (1)(A)(i) and 
based on findings from the most recent annual 
evaluation conducted under paragraph (6), as 
appropriate. 
(8) ANTI-RETALIATION.— 
(A) POLICY.—Each covered employer shall 
adopt a policy prohibiting any person (includ-
ing an agent of the employer) from the discrimi-
nation or retaliation described in subparagraph 
(B). 
(B) PROHIBITION.—No covered employer shall 
discriminate or retaliate against any employee 
for— 
(i) reporting a workplace violence incident, 
threat, or concern to, or seeking assistance or 
intervention with respect to such incident, 
threat, or concern from, the employer, law en-
forcement, local emergency services, or a local, 
State, or Federal government agency; or 
(ii) exercising any other rights under this 
paragraph. 
(C) ENFORCEMENT.—This paragraph shall be 
enforced in the same manner and to the same 
extent as any standard promulgated under sec-
tion 6(b) of the Occupational Safety and Health 
Act (29 U.S.C. 655(b)). 
SEC. 104. RULES OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Notwithstanding section 18 of the Occupa-
tional Safety and Health Act of 1970 (29 U.S.C. 
667)— 
(1) nothing in this title shall be construed to 
curtail or limit authority of the Secretary under 
any other provision of the law; 
(2) the rights, privileges, or remedies of cov-
ered employees shall be in addition to the rights, 
privileges, or remedies provided under any Fed-
eral or State law, or any collective bargaining 
agreement; and 
(3) nothing in this Act shall be construed to 
limit or prevent health care workers, social serv-
ice workers, and other personnel from reporting 
violent incidents to appropriate law enforce-
ment. 
SEC. 105. OTHER DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: 
(1) WORKPLACE VIOLENCE.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—The term ‘‘workplace vio-
lence’’ means any act of violence or threat of vi-
olence, without regard to intent, that occurs at 
a covered facility or while a covered employee 
performs a covered service. 
(B) EXCLUSIONS.—The term ‘‘workplace vio-
lence’’ does not include lawful acts of self-de-
fense or lawful acts of defense of others. 
(C) INCLUSIONS.—The term ‘‘workplace vio-
lence’’ includes— 
(i) the threat or use of physical force against 
a covered employee that results in or has a high 
likelihood of resulting in injury, psychological 
trauma, or stress, without regard to whether the 
covered employee sustains an injury, psycho-
logical trauma, or stress; and 
(ii) an incident involving the threat or use of 
a firearm or a dangerous weapon, including the 
use of common objects as weapons, without re-
gard to whether the employee sustains an in-
jury, psychological trauma, or stress. 
(2) TYPE 1 VIOLENCE.—The term ‘‘type 1 vio-
lence’’— 
(A) means workplace violence directed at a 
covered employee at a covered facility or while 
performing a covered service by an individual 
who has no legitimate business at the covered 
facility or with respect to such covered service; 
and 
(B) includes violent acts by any individual 
who enters the covered facility or worksite 
where a covered service is being performed with 
the intent to commit a crime. 
(3) TYPE 2 VIOLENCE.—The term ‘‘type 2 vio-
lence’’ means workplace violence directed at a 
covered employee by customers, clients, patients, 
students, inmates, or any individual for whom a 
covered facility provides services or for whom 
the employee performs covered services. 
(4) TYPE 3 VIOLENCE.—The term ‘‘type 3 vio-
lence’’ means workplace violence directed at a 
covered employee by a present or former em-
ployee, supervisor, or manager. 
(5) TYPE 4 VIOLENCE.—The term ‘‘type 4 vio-
lence’’ means workplace violence directed at a 
covered employee by an individual who is not 
an employee, but has or is known to have had 
a personal relationship with such employee, or 
with a customer, client, patient, student, in-
mate, or any individual for whom a covered fa-
cility provides services or for whom the employee 
performs covered services. 
(6) THREAT OF VIOLENCE.—The term ‘‘threat of 
violence’’ means a statement or conduct that— 
(A) causes an individual to fear for such indi-
vidual’s safety because there is a reasonable 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:29 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00005
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\A16AP7.001
H16APPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 4-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1852 
April 16, 2021 
possibility the individual might be physically in-
jured; and 
(B) serves no legitimate purpose. 
(7) ALARM.—The term ‘‘alarm’’ means a me-
chanical, electrical, or electronic device that 
does not rely upon an employee’s vocalization in 
order to alert others. 
(8) DANGEROUS
WEAPON.—The term ‘‘dan-
gerous weapon’’ means an instrument capable 
of inflicting death or serious bodily injury, 
without regard to whether such instrument was 
designed for that purpose. 
(9) ENGINEERING CONTROLS.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—The term ‘‘engineering con-
trols’’ means an aspect of the built space or a 
device that removes a hazard from the work-
place or creates a barrier between a covered em-
ployee and the hazard. 
(B) INCLUSIONS.—For purposes of reducing 
workplace violence hazards, the term ‘‘engineer-
ing controls’’ includes electronic access controls 
to employee occupied areas, weapon detectors 
(installed or handheld), enclosed workstations 
with 
shatter-resistant 
glass, 
deep 
service 
counters, separate rooms or areas for high-risk 
patients, locks on doors, removing access to or 
securing items that could be used as weapons, 
furniture affixed to the floor, opaque glass in 
patient rooms (which protects privacy, but al-
lows the health care provider to see where the 
patient is before entering the room), closed-cir-
cuit television monitoring and video recording, 
sight-aids, and personal alarm devices. 
(10) ENVIRONMENTAL RISK FACTORS.— 
(A) IN
GENERAL.—The term ‘‘environmental 
risk factors’’ means factors in the covered facil-
ity or area in which a covered service is per-
formed that may contribute to the likelihood or 
severity of a workplace violence incident. 
(B) CLARIFICATION.—Environmental risk fac-
tors may be associated with the specific task 
being performed or the work area, such as work-
ing in an isolated area, poor illumination or 
blocked visibility, and lack of physical barriers 
between individuals and persons at risk of com-
mitting workplace violence. 
(11) PATIENT-SPECIFIC
RISK
FACTORS.—The 
term ‘‘patient-specific risk factors’’ means fac-
tors specific to a patient that may increase the 
likelihood or severity of a workplace violence in-
cident, including— 
(A) a patient’s treatment and medication sta-
tus, and history of violence and use of drugs or 
alcohol; and 
(B) any conditions or disease processes of the 
patient that may cause the patient to experience 
confusion or disorientation, be non-responsive 
to instruction, behave unpredictably, or engage 
in disruptive, threatening, or violent behavior. 
(12) SECRETARY.—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means 
the Secretary of Labor. 
(13) WORK PRACTICE CONTROLS.— 
(A) IN
GENERAL.—The term ‘‘work practice 
controls’’ means procedures and rules that are 
used to effectively reduce workplace violence 
hazards. 
(B) INCLUSIONS.—The term ‘‘work practice 
controls’’ includes— 
(i) assigning and placing sufficient numbers of 
staff to reduce patient-specific type 2 violence 
hazards; 
(ii) provision of dedicated and available safety 
personnel such as security guards; 
(iii) employee training on workplace violence 
prevention methods and techniques to de-esca-
late and minimize violent behavior; and 
(iv) employee training on procedures for re-
sponse in the event of a workplace violence inci-
dent and for post-incident response. 
TITLE II—AMENDMENTS TO THE SOCIAL 
SECURITY ACT 
SEC. 201. APPLICATION OF THE WORKPLACE VIO-
LENCE PREVENTION STANDARD TO 
CERTAIN 
FACILITIES 
RECEIVING 
MEDICARE FUNDS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 1866 of the Social 
Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395cc) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1)— 
(A) in subparagraph (X), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (Y), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by inserting after subparagraph (Y) the 
following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(Z) in the case of hospitals that are not oth-
erwise subject to the Occupational Safety and 
Health Act of 1970 (or a State occupational safe-
ty and health plan that is approved under 18(b) 
of such Act) and skilled nursing facilities that 
are not otherwise subject to such Act (or such a 
State occupational safety and health plan), to 
comply with the Workplace Violence Prevention 
Standard (as promulgated under section 101 of 
the Workplace Violence Prevention for Health 
Care and Social Service Workers Act).’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)(4)— 
(A) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘and a 
hospital or skilled nursing facility that fails to 
comply with the requirement of subsection 
(a)(1)(Z) (relating to the Workplace Violence 
Prevention 
Standard)’’ 
after 
‘‘Bloodborne 
Pathogens standard)’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (B)— 
(i) by striking ‘‘(a)(1)(U)’’ and inserting 
‘‘(a)(1)(V)’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘(or, in the case of a failure 
to comply with the requirement of subsection 
(a)(1)(Z), for a violation of the Workplace Vio-
lence Prevention standard referred to in such 
subsection by a hospital or skilled nursing facil-
ity, as applicable, that is subject to the provi-
sions of such Act)’’ before the period at the end. 
(b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by subsection (a) shall apply beginning on the 
date that is 1 year after the date of issuance of 
the interim final standard on workplace vio-
lence prevention required under section 101. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill, 
as amended, shall be debatable for 1 
hour equally divided and controlled by 
the chair and ranking minority mem-
ber on the Committee on Education 
and Labor. 
The 
gentleman 
from 
Connecticut 
(Mr. COURTNEY) and the gentlewoman 
from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX) each 
will control 30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Connecticut. 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-
bers have 5 legislative days in which to 
revise and extend their remarks and in-
clude extraneous material on H.R. 1195, 
the Workplace Violence Prevention for 
Health Care and Social Service Work-
ers Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-
tleman from Connecticut? 
There was no objection. 
Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Madam Speaker, if there is one les-
son that all Americans have learned in 
the last year from the shared experi-
ence of the COVID pandemic, it is that 
our Nation’s healthcare workers have 
truly been heroic, putting their lives 
and health at risk, treating and caring 
for millions of patients suffering from 
a scary deadly disease. I am sure that 
every Member in this Chamber at some 
point has tweeted, issued statements, 
held up signs thanking nurses, EMTs, 
doctors, and many other caregivers for 
their amazing work. 
But as all those brave workers can 
attest, there is a second colliding epi-
demic that they continue to face, 
namely, frightening levels of violence 
at rates that far exceed those faced by 
any other sector in our economy. 
The Bureau of Labor 
Statistics, 
which has studied this alarming phe-
nomenon, found that 73 percent of all 
violent incidents that happen in Amer-
ican workplaces happen to healthcare 
and social assistance employees. Year 
after year, BLS tallies tens of thou-
sands of violent incidents which could 
be prevented by the standard required 
by today’s legislation. 
Today, we have the power right here 
in this Chamber to prevent this wave of 
violence by passing H.R. 1195, the 
Workplace 
Violence 
Prevention 
for 
Health Care and Social Service Work-
ers Act. 
The primary source of this violence 
comes in the form of assaults: kicking, 
hitting, spitting, even the use of fire-
arms and other weapons from patients 
and those who accompany them. 
H.R. 1195 would require an enforce-
able workplace violence prevention 
standard within 42 months after enact-
ment at about 200,000 healthcare cen-
ters, not small doctors’ offices or clin-
ics. The standard would require that 
covered employers develop a workplace 
violence prevention plan that is tai-
lored to the specific conditions and 
hazards present at each workplace, not 
a one-size-fits-all mandate. 
Since 1996, OSHA has published vol-
untary guidelines that recommended 
many commonsense measures that em-
ployers can take to reduce the risk and 
severity of violent incidents. These 
guidelines are an excellent resource, 
but the fact that we continue to see an 
alarming growth in violence means 
that relying on ad hoc, voluntary adop-
tion is failing to protect our healthcare 
heroes. We need an enforceable stand-
ard. 
Over the last 5 years, in the last two 
administrations, despite verbal support 
for an enforceable OSHA rule, nothing 
has moved in the rulemaking process. 
History shows that with no deadlines 
in statute, OSHA takes 15 to 20 years 
to issue a standard. 
Indeed, in the last administration, 
despite giving lip service for 3 years 
that they were creating a new rule, not 
one administrative step was actually 
taken to protect healthcare and social 
assistance workers. 
I want to be very clear. Right now, 
over at that agency, this issue is dead 
in the water. 
Every year we fail to address this sit-
uation, we are condemning thousands 
of nurses, doctors, aides, EMTs, and so-
cial workers to suffer preventable inju-
ries, sometimes fatal, on the job. 
That is why a huge coalition of 
healthcare workers from the American 
College of Emergency Physicians, Na-
tional Nurses United, American Nurses 
Association, EMTs, and many more 
have come together, begging Congress 
to enact this bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:29 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00006
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A16AP7.001
H16APPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 5-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1853 
April 16, 2021 
No more delays. It is time that Con-
gress puts a clock on this issue so that 
we can get the preventative measures 
in place nationwide that we know will 
save lives. 
Madam Speaker, I want to thank the 
chair of the committee, Mr. SCOTT, for 
his great support on this measure, as 
well 
as 
Chair 
ADAMS, 
the 
Sub-
committee on Workforce Protections 
chair, as well as my Republican col-
leagues, because there actually is some 
agreement on the basics on this issue. 
Lastly, I want to thank our out-
standing, stellar staff: Richard Miller; 
Jordan Barab, who is leaving us short-
ly, at the end of the month, for his in-
credible institutional knowledge and 
work; and Maria Costigan, from my of-
fice. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
COMMITTEE
ON
ENERGY
AND
COM-
MERCE, HOUSE
OF
REPRESENTA-
TIVES, 
Washington, DC, March 26, 2021. 
Hon. BOBBY SCOTT, 
Chairman, Committee on Education and Labor, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR CHAIRMAN SCOTT: I write concerning 
H.R. 1195, the ‘‘Workplace Violence Preven-
tion for Health Care and Social Service 
Workers Act,’’ which was additionally re-
ferred to the Committee on Energy and Com-
merce. 
In recognition of the desire to expedite 
consideration of H.R. 1195, the Committee on 
Energy and Commerce agrees to waive for-
mal consideration of the bill as to provisions 
that fall within the rule X jurisdiction of the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce. The 
Committee takes this action with the mu-
tual understanding that we do not waive any 
jurisdiction over the subject matter con-
tained in this or similar legislation, and that 
the Committee will be appropriately con-
sulted and involved as this bill or similar 
legislation moves forward so that we may 
address any remaining issues within our ju-
risdiction. I also request that you support 
my request to name members of the Com-
mittee on Energy and Commerce to any con-
ference committee to consider such provi-
sions. 
Finally, I would appreciate the inclusion of 
this letter in the report on the bill and into 
the Congressional Record during floor con-
sideration of H.R. 1195. 
Sincerely, 
FRANK PALLONE, Jr., 
Chairman. 
COMMITTEE
ON
EDUCATION
AND 
LABOR, HOUSE
OF
REPRESENTA-
TIVES, 
Washington, DC, March 26, 2021. 
Hon. FRANK PALLONE, Jr., 
Chairman, House Committee on Energy and 
Commerce, Washington, DC. 
DEAR CHAIRMAN PALLONE: In reference to 
your letter of March 26, 2021, I write to con-
firm our mutual understanding regarding 
H.R. 1195, the ‘‘Workplace Violence Preven-
tion for Health Care and Social Service 
Workers Act.’’ 
I appreciate the Committee on Energy and 
Commerce’s waiver of consideration of H.R. 
1195 as specified in your letter. I acknowl-
edge that the waiver was granted only to ex-
pedite floor consideration of H.R. 1195 and 
does not in any way waive or diminish the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce’s juris-
dictional interests over this or similar legis-
lation. 
I would be pleased to include our exchange 
of letters on this matter in the committee 
report for H.R. 1195 and in the Congressional 
Record during floor consideration of the bill 
to memorialize our joint understanding. 
Again, thank you for your assistance with 
these matters. 
Very truly yours, 
ROBERT C. ‘‘BOBBY’’ SCOTT, 
Chairman. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Madam Speaker, I thank my col-
league for yielding. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today in oppo-
sition to H.R. 1195, the Workplace Vio-
lence Prevention for Health Care and 
Social Service Workers Act. 
Ensuring workplace safety for all 
American workers, especially our Na-
tion’s caregivers, is an issue of the ut-
most importance and is deserving of a 
serious and thorough solution. I agree 
with my colleague; we all appreciate 
what healthcare workers have done. I 
do every day, but particularly since we 
have had COVID. 
H.R. 1195 purports to take a respon-
sible approach to the issue of work-
place violence, but legislation that re-
sults in a rushed and overly prescrip-
tive rule that omits important input 
from stakeholders and experts, while 
driving up compliance costs for already 
struggling industries, is far from a sen-
sible solution. Yet, that is what we are 
asked to consider today. 
Workers in the healthcare and social 
services industries are at an increased 
risk of workplace violence, with the 
Bureau of Labor Statistics finding they 
are five times more likely to experi-
ence violence in the workplace than 
workers in other industries. 
While the threat is real, the response 
the Democrats are proposing to address 
the situation, to further their own par-
tisan agenda, is not grounded in re-
ality. 
Workplace violence is already a well- 
recognized hazard by employers and 
employees in the healthcare and social 
services industries. According to a 2018 
American Hospital Association survey, 
97 percent of respondents indicated 
they already have workplace violence 
policies in place. 
In addition, the Occupational Safety 
and Health Administration, OSHA, is 
already enforcing workplace violence 
prevention measures, issuing citations 
to employers who fail to provide safe 
workplaces during both the Obama and 
Trump administrations. 
The agency is also working on a rule 
through 
the 
standard 
OSHA 
rule-
making process and has announced 
plans to initiate a Small Business Reg-
ulatory 
Enforcement 
Fairness 
Act 
panel, a key part of the rulemaking 
process that allows the agency to gath-
er valuable feedback from small busi-
nesses before a regulation is written. 
H.R. 1195 is particularly ill-timed and 
ill-advised as it forces OSHA to issue 
an interim final rule on workplace vio-
lence within 1 year, which will signifi-
cantly strain healthcare facilities that 
are heroically working on the front 
lines, responding to a once-in-a-cen-
tury pandemic. 
The CBO recently estimated the cost 
of this bill to private entities would be 
at least $1.8 billion in the first 2 years 
that the rushed OSHA rule is in effect 
and $750 million annually after that. 
The cost to public facilities will be at 
least $100 million in the first 2 years 
and $55 million annually after that. 
Financially struggling healthcare fa-
cilities, such as rural hospitals that are 
already at risk of closure, cannot af-
ford a rushed and costly government- 
imposed mandate from Washington bu-
reaucrats. 
The House is considering H.R. 1195 at 
a time when the Biden administration 
is also considering a burdensome, over-
reaching emergency temporary stand-
ard, ETS, on COVID–19. Though OSHA 
is weeks behind in deciding whether to 
issue the ETS, handing down two ex-
pensive, punitive Federal mandates on 
an already burdened healthcare indus-
try could be the straw that breaks the 
camel’s back. 
There may be a time and place where 
a workplace violence regulation is ap-
propriate, but now is certainly not it. 
While I cannot support H.R. 1195, I 
want to be clear. The safety of our Na-
tion’s healthcare and social service 
workers is not a partisan issue. Repub-
licans offered a workable solution at a 
recent committee markup and were 
willing to negotiate with our col-
leagues across the aisle on a com-
promise, one that requires OSHA to 
analyze a rule properly, heed appro-
priate and necessary input from stake-
holders, and launch an educational 
campaign on workplace violence pre-
vention. 
Yet, here we are, considering another 
Democrat bill being pushed through 
with no Republican input. 
Healthcare workers are familiar with 
the Hippocratic oath: ‘‘First, do no 
harm.’’ In its rush to judgment, H.R. 
1195 
does 
great 
harm. 
By 
short- 
circuiting the public input process and 
prescribing a specific result from the 
beginning, this bill will not achieve 
what it aims to accomplish. 
Our healthcare workers and care-
givers deserve an evidence-based and 
effective solution that protects them in 
the workplace. H.R. 1195 fails to deliver 
this result. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. Very briefly, again, I appreciate 
that Ms. FOXX acknowledges the sever-
ity of this issue, and I think that is im-
portant. But I would note, if anyone 
checks with the House Clerk’s office, 
we actually have a solid number of Re-
publican cosponsors on this bill. I want 
to make that clear, for the record, and 
I appreciate their support as well. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 21⁄2 minutes 
to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. 
SCOTT), the chair of the Committee on 
Education and Labor and an out-
standing staunch supporter of this leg-
islation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:29 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00007
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K16AP7.006
H16APPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE
--

 -Page 6-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1854 
April 16, 2021 
b 0930 
Mr. 
SCOTT 
of 
Virginia. 
Madam 
Speaker, I thank the gentleman for 
yielding. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in support of 
H.R. 1195, the Workplace Violence Pre-
vention for Health Care and Social 
Service Workers Act. 
Over the past year, we have voiced 
exceptional praise for healthcare and 
social service workers, who have risked 
their lives to care for ourselves and our 
loved ones. Yet, for too long, we have 
failed to address the high and growing 
rates of workplace violence for these 
workers, who are regularly beaten, 
kicked, punched, and sometimes even 
killed on the job. 
In 
2018, 
healthcare 
workers 
ac-
counted for nearly three out of four of 
all nonfatal workplace injuries and ill-
nesses caused by violence. Let me re-
peat that. In 2018, healthcare workers 
alone accounted for nearly three out of 
four of all nonfatal workplace injuries 
and illnesses caused by violence. 
Many of these incidents are foresee-
able and can be prevented by sound 
workplace violence prevention plans. 
They work, and when they are imple-
mented, they can reduce workers’ com-
pensation claims. 
Yet the Occupational Safety and 
Health Administration, or OSHA, still 
has no enforceable workplace standard 
that requires healthcare and social 
service employers to implement vio-
lence prevention programs. We have 
tried voluntary guidance for the past 25 
years, yet still too many employers 
choose not to follow the best evidence 
on what is well understood to be au-
thoritative guidance issued by OSHA. 
To make matters worse, without ac-
tion from Congress, protections for 
healthcare workers and social service 
workers are nowhere in sight. OSHA 
typically takes 7 to 20 years to issue a 
new standard. The recent beryllium 
standard that was adopted a couple of 
years ago was in the works for over 17 
years. 
We cannot ask healthcare and social 
service workers to wait any longer, 
particularly during this global pan-
demic when Congress has the ability to 
ensure that OSHA can act as quickly 
as possible to protect workers’ lives. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Speaker, I 
yield an additional 30 seconds to the 
gentleman from Virginia. 
Mr. 
SCOTT 
of 
Virginia. 
Madam 
Speaker, to that end, H.R. 1195 directs 
OSHA to issue an interim final stand-
ard within 1 year and a final standard 
within 42 months, requiring healthcare 
and social service employers to develop 
and implement a workplace violence 
prevention plan. It protects workers 
from retaliation for reporting assaults 
to their employers or government au-
thorities. It also protects the employ-
ees of healthcare facilities run by 
State, county, or local governments in 
the 24 States that are not covered by 
either Federal OSHA or a State-run 
OSHA plan. 
Madam Speaker, I commend the gen-
tleman from Connecticut (Mr. COURT-
NEY) for his leadership, and I urge my 
colleagues to join us in voting for this 
legislation. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania (Mr. KELLER). 
Mr. KELLER. Madam Speaker, my 25 
years in private industry taught me 
many lessons. One which resonates 
with me today is that sweeping indus-
try mandates with no input from those 
who will be impacted don’t work. No 
one knows better what the workforce 
needs to be successful than the work-
force itself. 
It seems to me that my colleagues 
across the aisle have yet to learn this 
lesson and are rushing and pushing 
H.R. 1195, a bill that would institute a 
rushed, sweeping initiative that ig-
nores the data and, more importantly, 
ignores the people it will effect. 
Though H.R. 1195 is founded under 
the premise of finding solutions for 
workplace violence—especially for our 
healthcare workers and social service 
workers, who are most susceptible— 
this bill clearly misses the mark. 
In tandem, the Occupational Safety 
and Health Administration also recog-
nizes the risks that our healthcare and 
social service workers face in the 
workplace. However, this rulemaking 
process should and must account for 
the important views of impacted stake-
holders. 
There is not a more notable red flag 
to H.R. 1195 than the fact that the 
American Hospital Association came 
out to oppose it because it would insti-
tute additional restrictions to already 
struggling rural hospitals across the 
country. To ensure long-lasting policy 
that can address the complex problem 
of workplace violence, it is imperative 
we develop a solution that seeks input 
from stakeholders and employers that 
goes through the normal rulemaking 
process. 
Our healthcare and social service 
workers have given so much during 
this pandemic, and we owe them a debt 
of gratitude for their work. Moreover, 
we owe them policy that will improve 
workplace safety without making it 
harder for them to do their jobs. We 
owe it to them to seek their input. 
Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Speaker, I 
would just note that the bill language 
explicitly protects a comment period 
for all stakeholders, including hos-
pitals and every other institution af-
fected by it. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to 
the gentlewoman from North Carolina 
(Ms. ADAMS), who is the chairwoman of 
the Subcommittee on Workforce Pro-
tections and a staunch advocate for 
this bill. 
Ms. 
ADAMS. 
Madam 
Speaker, 
I 
thank the gentleman from Connecticut 
for all his great work on this bill. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in support of 
H.R. 1195. 
As chair of the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor’s Workforce Protec-
tions Subcommittee, I work every day 
to ensure that all workers are treated 
with dignity and respect because work-
ers deserve nothing less. Our labor laws 
must be held to that same principle. 
Unfortunately, our healthcare and 
social service workers face dispropor-
tionately high rates of violence on the 
job. We must do something to address 
that, and the Workplace Violence Pre-
vention for Health Care and Social 
Service Workers Act does just that. 
This critical piece of legislation re-
quires that OSHA issue a workplace vi-
olence protection standard for employ-
ers in these sectors in order to actively 
prevent, address, and track workplace 
violence incidents. 
We have always relied heavily on the 
selflessness of healthcare and social 
service workers, and that truth has 
been even clearer during the COVID 
pandemic. We must ensure their well- 
being just as they work tirelessly every 
day to ensure ours. 
Madam Speaker, I urge support of 
H.R. 1195. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Speaker, I 
yield an additional 15 seconds to the 
gentlewoman from North Carolina. 
Ms. ADAMS. Madam Speaker, I in-
clude in the RECORD letters from the 
American Society of Safety Profes-
sionals, who actively support this bill. 
AMERICAN SOCIETY OF 
SAFETY PROFESSIONALS, 
March 25, 2021. 
To: Contacts, Stakeholders and Participants 
Workplace Prevention Legislation [HR 
1195] 
From: Joseph Weiss, ASSP External Affairs 
Comments of the American Society of Safety 
Professionals 
(ASSP)—The 
Workplace 
Violence Prevention for Health Care and 
Social Service Workers Act (HR 1309 & S 
851)—Confirming ASSP’s Position on HR 
1195. 
GREETINGS: The attached statement and 
comments were originally submitted by the 
American Society of Safety Professionals 
(ASSP) in support of The Workplace Vio-
lence Prevention for Health Care and Social 
Service Workers Act (HR 1309 & S 851) in 
April 2019. 
We understand this legislation has been re-
introduced as HR 1195. Our comments in the 
April 2019 statement remain current and re-
flect our position on HR 1195. 
ASSP stands ready to assist with initia-
tives and endeavors to help move occupa-
tional safety and health forward. Please con-
tact us if you have any questions regarding 
our support of HR 1195. 
Thank you for your attention to this mat-
ter. 
Cordially, 
JOSEPH WEISS, 
ASSP External Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:29 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00008
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K16AP7.008
H16APPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 7-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1855 
April 16, 2021 
AMERICAN SOCIETY OF 
SAFETY PROFESSIONALS, 
April 22, 2019. 
Comments of the American Society of Safety 
Professionals 
(ASSP)—The 
Workplace 
Violence Prevention for Health Care and 
Social Service Workers Act (HR 1309 & S 
851). 
Hon. ALMA ADAMS, 
House of Representatives: Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor, Chair, Subcommittee on 
Workforce Protections, U.S. Congresswoman 
for the 12th District, Washington, DC. 
Hon. BRADLEY BYRNE, 
U.S. Congressman for the 1st District, House of 
Representative: Subcommittee on Workforce 
Protections, Washington, DC. 
Hon. JOE COURTNEY, 
U.S. Congressman for the 2nd District, 
Washington, DC. 
The American Society of Safety Profes-
sionals (ASSP) is pleased to submit the fol-
lowing comments to the House Education 
and Labor Committee and the Senate Health 
Education Labor and Pensions Committee in 
support of HR 1309 and S. 851, legislation to 
help protect workers in the healthcare and 
social service sectors from the threat of 
workplace violence. 
ASSP notes that this legislation has al-
ready secured nearly 60 co-sponsors in the 
House of Representatives and 8 cosponsors in 
the U.S. Senate. Because we believe that 
safety is a nonpartisan issue and that all of 
us benefit from the services the workers in 
these sectors deliver, we encourage bipar-
tisan support of the legislation and addi-
tional public hearings on this critical issue. 
ASSP is the oldest society of safety profes-
sionals in the world. Founded in 1911, ASSP 
represents more than 38,000 dedicated occu-
pation safety and health (OSH) professionals. 
Our members are experts in managing work-
place safety and health issues in every indus-
try, in every state and across the globe. 
ASSP is also the Secretariat for various vol-
untary consensus standards related to best 
practices in occupational safety and health 
management and training. 
In late October 2018, ASSP hosted the 
Women’s Workplace Safety Summit, and 
workplace violence involving women was one 
of three focus topics of the event. Workplace 
violence has a disproportionate impact on 
women and is the leading cause of fatalities 
for workers who are women. ASSP’s Women 
in Safety Excellence (WISE) Common Inter-
est Group is also deeply engaged on the issue 
of workplace violence prevention. 
ASSP commends your committees for ad-
dressing this issue through legislation that 
directs the Secretary of Labor to issue an 
OSH standard that requires covered employ-
ers within the healthcare and social service 
industries to develop and implement a com-
prehensive workplace violence prevention 
plan. If enacted, the legislation would ensure 
that enforceable and effective workplace vio-
lence prevention programs would be required 
within two years of enactment. 
The Occupational Safety and Health Ad-
ministration (OSHA) commenced a rule-
making by initiating a request for informa-
tion (RFI) in December 2016: OSHA Request 
for Information Concerning Prevention of 
Workplace Violence in Healthcare and Social 
Assistance, OSHA Docket 2016–0014, Regu-
latory Information Number (RIN) 1218–AD 08. 
The comment period closed April 6, 2017. No 
further action has occurred since that date, 
despite workplace violence becoming an 
ever-more recognized hazard in the U.S. 
ASSP submitted comments to OSHA on 
that RFI (at the time, the organization’s 
name was American Society of Safety Engi-
neers), and those comments are attached to 
this submission, along with an article from 
our ‘‘HealthBeat’’ publication, Preventing 
Workplace Violence, A Systematic & Sys-
temic Approach, which was also submitted 
to the OSHA docket. We ask that these ma-
terials be formally included in the record on 
this legislation. 
OSHA’s November 2018 regulatory agenda 
included ‘‘Prevention of Workplace Violence 
in Health Care and Social Assistance’’ as a 
future item with a small business panel (pur-
suant to the Small Business Regulatory En-
forcement Fairness Act) slated for March 
2019. However, that date is now past with no 
action indicated any time in the foreseeable 
future. The next regulatory agenda will re-
veal whether any further action is antici-
pated by the agency within the next 12 
months to move toward promulgation of a 
workplace violence standard. 
Barring any movement from the agency in 
this regard, it is appropriate for Congress—in 
its oversight role—to signal to OSHA that 
this is a priority rulemaking area, and for 
your committees to take the lead on helping 
to fill the gaps in protections for the many 
vulnerable workers in this highrisk area. 
Currently, OSHA can take enforcement ac-
tions against employers under its General 
Duty Clause (GDC) [Section 5(a)(1) of the Oc-
cupational Safety and Health Act of 1970] 
and can issue penalties of up to $132,598 per 
willful or repeated violation. However, OSHA 
has the burden of providing that the cited 
employer was aware of a recognized hazard, 
that employees were actually exposed to the 
hazard within the previous six months and 
that there is a feasible method of abatement. 
GDC citations are often difficult for the 
agency to sustain, they cannot trigger crimi-
nal prosecution even in the case of a fatality, 
and there is no coverage for third-party 
workers such as contractors or temporary 
staffers. This is one exception to OSHA’s 
multiemployer worksite enforcement policy. 
In 2015, OSHA issued ‘‘Guidelines for Pre-
venting Workplace Violence for Healthcare 
and Social Service Workers,’’ but the guid-
ance did not go through formal rulemaking 
so it is advisory and not enforceable at the 
present time. 
Another problem with using the GDC as 
the main enforcement tool to address work-
place violence issues is simply that it is re-
active in virtually every situation. While 
OSHA investigates fatalities and cases with 
severe injuries that must be reported by law, 
it is virtually unheard of for OSHA to inves-
tigate an employer concerning workplace vi-
olence prevention before a tragic incident 
occurs, unless triggered by a publicized 
‘‘near miss’’ or due to an employee hazard 
complaint. 
While the federal Occupational Safety and 
Health Review Commission recently af-
firmed a GDC workplace violence violation 
issued against Integra Health Management 
(March 4, 2019, OSHRC), the action was taken 
only after the death of a healthcare worker 
at the hands of a patient, and the ultimate 
OSHA civil penalty was $7,000. The case is 
still subject to appeal in the U.S. Court of 
Appeals and amici curiae in the case include 
the U.S. Chamber of Commerce (opposing the 
enforcement action) and the AFL–CIO (in 
support of the OSHA citation). ASSP is not 
a party to this action. 
A Government Accountability Office study 
reported that there were 730,000 cases of 
healthcare 
workplace 
assaults 
over 
the 
5-year span from 2009 through 2013. The Bu-
reau 
of 
Labor 
Statistics 
reports 
that 
healthcare and social service sector employ-
ees suffered 69 percent of all workplace vio-
lence injuries caused by persons in 2016 and 
are nearly 5 times as likely to suffer a work-
place violence injury than workers overall. 
The healthcare and social service indus-
tries experience the highest rates, with 
workplace violence injury rates for this sec-
tor at 8.2 per 10,000 full-time workers, more 
than four times higher than the overall pri-
vate sector incidence rate for such injuries. 
This is simply unacceptable when interven-
tions are available to mitigate risk. As noted 
in ASSP’s 2016 comments to OSHA, we be-
lieve that a workplace violence prevention 
standard is feasible and that there are meas-
ures that employers can use to reduce a sig-
nificant risk of material harm. 
Finally, ASSP observes that many of the 
at-risk workers in the healthcare and social 
service sectors are employed in the public 
sector, by state or local government facili-
ties or agencies. Currently, they have no pro-
tections under the federal Occupational 
Safety and Health Act. The states that oper-
ate their own OSHA agencies must cover 
their public sector workers (and several 
state 
governmental 
agencies 
in 
federal 
OSHA states also cover the safety of their 
public sector workers), but most workers go 
without OSHA protection. We urge you to 
consider including public sector coverage of 
healthcare and social service workers in this 
legislation to the extent possible. 
CONCLUSION 
ASSP condemns all forms of violence in 
the workplace and is particularly concerned 
with the rise of injuries associated with vio-
lence in the healthcare and social service in-
dustry sectors, targeted by the pending fed-
eral legislation. ASSP supports congres-
sional efforts to eliminate workplace vio-
lence and encourages OSHA to continue with 
its rulemaking to promulgate an enforceable 
and effective standard, accompanied by com-
prehensive education and outreach. 
Thank you for consideration of ASSP’s 
comments. We look forward to working with 
Congress in a proactive manner to address 
the critical issues affecting the health and 
safety of all Americans in the workplace. 
Respectfully Submitted, 
RIXIO MEDINA, CSP, CPP, 
2018–19 ASSP President. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Geor-
gia (Mr. ALLEN). 
Mr. ALLEN. Madam Speaker, I rise 
in opposition to H.R. 1195. 
Madam Speaker, our healthcare and 
social service workers deserve tremen-
dous praise for their work over the past 
year, as they have faced unprecedented 
challenges during the COVID–19 pan-
demic. They also deserve protections, 
as they face a significant risk of work-
place violence. 
This complex issue deserves an evi-
dence-based solution, not a rushed and 
costly top-down government mandate. 
Unfortunately, H.R. 1195 would pre-
vent workers and stakeholders from 
giving meaningful input based on expe-
rience regarding how to address this 
highly technical issue. It forces the Oc-
cupational Safety and Health Adminis-
tration, or OSHA, to issue an interim 
final workplace violence prevention 
rule within 1 year, significantly im-
pacting the healthcare industry as 
they remain on the front lines of com-
bating this pandemic. 
I have heard firsthand from our 
healthcare 
facilities—especially 
our 
rural hospitals—that the pandemic has 
caused serious financial struggles, and 
many are already at risk of closure. 
The CBO estimates that the rushed 
rule will cost private entities at least 
$1.8 billion in the first 2 years that the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:29 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00009
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A16AP7.006
H16APPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 8-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1856 
April 16, 2021 
rule is in effect and $750 million annu-
ally after that. For public facilities, it 
will cost at least $100 million in the 
first 2 years and $55 million after that. 
The last thing our healthcare facili-
ties need right now is another costly 
top-down mandate from Washington. 
Our Founders envisioned a govern-
ment by the people. I am always 
amazed that the intellectuals in this 
town know more about solving prob-
lems than the great people on the front 
lines. My colleagues are approaching 
this issue the wrong way. We must ad-
dress this from the bottom up by em-
powering healthcare workers, hospital 
leadership, the scientific community, 
and the public to have a say in the de-
velopment of a new comprehensive 
standard. 
That is why I oppose this bill today 
and I urge my colleagues to ensure our 
healthcare workers and caregivers are 
protected in the workplace by allowing 
them to give their input directly. 
Mr. COURTNEY. Just to be clear, 
Madam Speaker, that CBO score is not 
per facility. That score is spread out 
over 200,000 healthcare centers. If you 
do the math, it is actually $9,000 per 
year per facility. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to 
the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. 
BONAMICI), who is the chair of the Sub-
committee on Civil Rights and Human 
Services. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Speaker, I 
rise in support of the Workplace Vio-
lence Prevention for Health Care and 
Social Service Workers Act. 
The coronavirus pandemic has ex-
posed the increasingly harsh workplace 
conditions that nurses, doctors, social 
workers, and other healthcare workers 
have endured to keep our communities 
going. But even before the pandemic, 
healthcare and social service workers 
faced a disproportionate risk of on-the- 
job violence and injuries. 
A few year ago, two workers in Or-
egon were tragically wounded in a 
workplace stabbing at an organization 
that provides essential services to 
youth who are facing addiction, home-
lessness, and behavioral health issues. 
Following 
the 
incident, 
Oregon 
AFSCME members organized to im-
prove working conditions that were 
compromising the quality of services 
for vulnerable clients and the safety of 
the employees. 
Workers across the country, like the 
workers at Outside In, in Portland, 
need an evidence-based workplace vio-
lence prevention plan tailored to the 
needs of the vulnerable populations 
they serve. Today, we have a chance to 
support their safety and well-being in 
the workplace. 
Madam Speaker, I include in the 
RECORD a letter in support of the legis-
lation from the Emergency Nurses As-
sociation. 
EMERGENCY NURSES ASSOCIATION, 
February 23, 2021. 
Hon. JOE COURTNEY, 
House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE COURTNEY: On be-
half of the Emergency Nurses Association 
(ENA) and our more than 52,000 members, I 
am writing to express our support for H.R. 
1195, the Workplace Violence Prevention for 
Health Care and Social Service Workers Act 
of 2021. This important and timely legisla-
tion will ensure that health care and social 
service employers undertake steps to protect 
their employees and patients from violence 
in the workplace. 
As you know, workplace violence against 
health care workers, including emergency 
nurses, has become a national crisis. Accord-
ing to the Occupational Safety and Health 
Administration (OSHA), workers in the 
health care sector accounted for only 20% of 
workplace injuries yet comprised approxi-
mately 50% of all victims of workplace as-
sault. The same study found that between 
2002 and 2013, serious incidents of workplace 
violence were four times more common for 
workers in the health care sector versus all 
workers in the U.S. 
Unfortunately, assaults and batteries di-
rected at workers occur at especially high 
rates 
in 
emergency 
departments 
(EDs), 
which are open 24 hours a day, seven days a 
week and are required under the Emergency 
Medical 
Treatment 
and 
Labor 
Act 
(EMTALA) to stabilize and treat all pa-
tients. Often, health care professionals in the 
ED interact with members of the public 
when emotions run high and their behavior 
can sometimes become violent. Research has 
found that emergency nurses and other per-
sonnel in the ED experience a violent event 
about once every two months. Further, a 2011 
study reported that one-third of emergency 
nurses had considered leaving the profession 
due to workplace violence. 
The Workplace Violence Prevention for 
Health Care and Social Service Workers Act 
will ensure that health care employers, in-
cluding hospitals, take specific steps to pre-
vent workplace violence and ensure the safe-
ty of patients and workers. This bill will re-
quire health care and social service employ-
ers to develop and implement a comprehen-
sive violence prevention plan which must in-
clude procedures to identify and respond to 
risks that make workplaces vulnerable to 
violent incidents. In addition, the legislation 
will help ensure that employees are appro-
priately trained in mitigating hazards. 
Emergency nurses are disproportionately 
victims of assaults in the workplace. We 
would like to thank you for introducing this 
important legislation and your leadership on 
this critical issue. 
Sincerely, 
RON KRAUS, MSN, RN, EMT, 
CEN, ACNS-BC, TCRN, 
2021 ENA President. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Speaker, I 
thank Congressman COURTNEY for his 
leadership on this bill, and I urge my 
colleagues to support it. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Vir-
ginia (Mr. GOOD). 
Mr. GOOD of Virginia. Madam Speak-
er, memo to my friends across the 
aisle: violence, including workplace vi-
olence, is already illegal; and it should 
always be prosecuted, regardless of 
whether it happens in the name of 
Antifa or BLM, or even if it is directed 
at those police officers working to keep 
us safe. 
Again, violence in the workplace is 
already illegal, and you certainly won’t 
decrease it, Madam Speaker, with calls 
to defund or even eliminate law en-
forcement and correctional facilities. 
Talk about increasing workplace vio-
lence, Madam Speaker, and you wonder 
why more Americans are purchasing 
firearms to protect themselves with 
the anarchy you seem to be promoting. 
Speaking of law enforcement, do we 
actually want to protect police from 
workplace violence, too? 
Or do we want to continue to in-
crease it with a dishonest narrative 
that makes it more difficult for them 
to do their jobs and keep us all safe? 
But here we find ourselves again 
today with our daily portion of pro-
posed unnecessary workplace regula-
tions intended to punish law-abiding 
American 
employers, 
making 
their 
lives more costly and more difficult. 
Specific to those who would be most 
negatively impacted by this bill, in a 
2018 American Hospital Association 
survey, 97 percent reported that they 
already have workplace violence pre-
vention policies in place. 
In addition, OSHA, of course, is al-
ready enforcing workplace violence 
prevention policies. 
So why are we trying to saddle em-
ployers with new regulations estimated 
by the CBO to cost private entities at 
least $1.8 billion—that is $1,800 million, 
for my friends across the aisle—in just 
the first 2 years of mandated imple-
mentation, and then $750 million annu-
ally going forward? 
Where does this money come from for 
these unnecessary mandates? 
From consumers in higher prices. 
You might call this hidden tax in-
creases. This is how all regulations are 
paid for, unless they actually force the 
organization to go out of business be-
cause they can’t deal with the cost. 
The CBO estimates that the cost to 
public healthcare facilities will be $100 
million in the first 2 years. The last 
thing that financially struggling rural 
hospitals, like those in my district, 
need are more unfunded mandates from 
Washington. 
While we seem to be far off course 
today, Congress, in the past, has actu-
ally passed statutes that make regula-
tions more accountable, requiring that 
bureaucrats give public notice regard-
ing new rules and mandates, and solicit 
feedback before implementation. 
But, today, House Democrats want to 
make it easier for OSHA to issue one- 
size-fits-all regulations without having 
to receive any feedback from the pub-
lic. 
Article I of the Constitution man-
dates that Congress make our Federal 
laws, not Federal agencies and their 
unelected bureaucrats. 
Congress should make the regulatory 
process more accountable to the tax-
payer. That is why I introduced a bill 
called Article I Regulatory Budget Act 
that would require agencies to account 
for the cost of regulation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I yield 
an additional 15 seconds to the gen-
tleman from Virginia. 
Mr. GOOD of Virginia. In that spirit, 
Madam Speaker, I thank Ranking 
Member FOXX for her leadership on reg-
ulatory reform with her Unfunded 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:29 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00010
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K16AP7.010
H16APPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 9-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1857 
April 16, 2021 
Mandates Accountability and Trans-
parency Act. I am proud to stand with 
her as we try to shrink the size of the 
Federal Government and its negative 
impact on those we represent. So I op-
pose this bill. 
b 0945 
Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from 
Indiana (Mr. MRVAN), an outstanding 
new member of the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor. 
Mr. MRVAN. Madam Speaker, I 
thank Mr. COURTNEY for the time. 
First, I include in the RECORD this 
letter of support for H.R. 1195, the 
Workplace 
Violence 
Prevention 
for 
Health Care and Social Service Work-
ers Act, written by Thomas Conway, 
the International President for the 
United Steelworkers. 
UNITED STEELWORKERS, 
March 24, 2021. 
Re United Steelworkers supports H.R. 1195, 
the Workplace Violence Prevention for 
Health Care and Social Service Workers 
Act. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE: On behalf of the 
850,000 members of the United Steelworkers 
(USW), I am urging you to support the Work-
place Violence Prevention for Health Care 
and Social Service Workers Act (H.R. 1195). 
Even before the COVID–19 pandemic, work-
place violence in health care and social serv-
ice settings was a growing and ever-present 
threat to workers. While helping patients 
fight against the virus, these workers, who 
repeatedly put their lives on the line to en-
sure the health and wellbeing of others, have 
had to face a continued rash of assaults and 
violent attacks. 
According to data from the Department of 
Labor, healthcare employees are four times 
more likely to experience workplace violence 
than others in the private sector. And those 
in a hospital setting are nearly six times as 
likely as other workers to be the victim of 
an intentional injury. It is clear that these 
essential workers need protection against vi-
olence on the job. They need an enforceable 
OSHA standard to prevent workplace vio-
lence and ensure the safe working environ-
ment that they all deserve. 
H.R. 1195 would compel OSHA to issue a 
workplace violence prevention standard that 
requires health care and social services em-
ployers to develop and implement com-
prehensive plans to protect workers from vi-
olence in the workplace. The requirements 
are based on existing guidelines and rec-
ommendations from OSHA, the National In-
stitute for Occupational Safety and Health 
(NIOSH), industry associations, and state 
measures and ensure that there are work-
place-specific plans in place to protect work-
ers. 
Violent, serious, and life-altering incidents 
should never be part of the job. In order to 
begin curbing this epidemic of preventable 
workplace violence, our health care and so-
cial service workers need an enforceable 
OSHA standard that addresses violence in 
the workplace in a comprehensive manner. 
Our union urges you to support the Work-
place Violence Prevention for Health Care 
and Social Service Workers Act (H.R. 1195). 
Sincerely, 
THOMAS CONWAY, 
International President. 
Mr. MRVAN. Madam Speaker, I ap-
preciate that we are taking action 
today to support and defend these 
frontline workers, our healthcare and 
social workers, who selflessly have cho-
sen their professions in order to serve 
others, and who, at the same time, ex-
perience rates of violence 12 times 
higher than other workers. 
The United Steelworkers letter just 
inserted into the RECORD importantly 
noted that violent, serious, and life-al-
tering incidents should never be a part 
of the job, and that in order to begin 
curbing this epidemic of workplace vio-
lence, our healthcare and social service 
workers need an enforceable OSHA 
standard that addresses violence in the 
workplace in a comprehensive manner. 
There is a difference between punish-
ment and safety, and I urge my col-
leagues to join me in supporting this 
critically 
important 
legislation 
for 
these invaluable workers. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
H.R. 1195 does not allow for a solid, 
well-researched foundation for a na-
tional workplace violence prevention 
standard. 
Input 
from 
experts 
and 
stakeholders is vital as OSHA under-
takes rulemaking on this issue. 
In February 2019, the Centers for Dis-
ease Control and Prevention, CDC, pub-
lished 
its 
research 
agenda 
for 
healthcare and social assistance. The 
research agenda identifies the informa-
tion and actions most urgently needed 
to improve safety in the industry. 
The CDC identified the following con-
cerns regarding the current state of re-
search on the issue of healthcare work-
place violence: 
Many existing studies have evaluated 
workplace violence risk factors and preven-
tion measures, but most lack the comprehen-
sive, facility- and work area-specific perspec-
tive that is needed to effectively prevent 
workplace violence. Additionally, many of 
these studies examine the effects of training 
programs, showing little impact on work-
place violence incident and injury rates. 
We should heed the words of caution 
from CDC regarding our current knowl-
edge base, and we should make sure 
OSHA receives input from all perspec-
tives, including smaller healthcare pro-
viders, before it enacts a national 
standard. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman 
from Michigan (Ms. STEVENS), an out-
standing member of the Committee on 
Education and Labor who worked very 
diligently to protect the comment 
process called for in this bill. 
Ms. STEVENS. Madam Speaker, as I 
rise in support of the Workplace Vio-
lence Prevention for Health Care and 
Social Service Workers Act, I pose the 
question: Where were you, Madam 
Speaker, at 2 a.m. last night when a 
gunman stormed into a FedEx facility 
in Indianapolis killing eight colleagues 
who did not have a workplace safety 
plan because their phones were in their 
lockers, unable to text their loved ones 
that they were alive? 
This is what we are asking our col-
leagues on the other side of the Cham-
ber this morning as we debate this very 
important legislation. Because when 
you refuse to change the laws to enact 
gun safety in this country, when you 
refuse to enact a bill that will allow for 
workplace safety prevention plans to 
be put into place, you are simply ac-
cepting the status quo of the perpetua-
tion of violence in our workplaces. 
We are at a moment of crisis in this 
country when it pertains to gun vio-
lence. We have the testimonies of the 
doctors and the nurses. This has been 
extremely well-vetted. 
Madam Speaker, I include in the 
RECORD a letter from National Nurses 
United in support of this legislation. 
NATIONAL NURSES UNITED, 
February 23, 2021. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE: On behalf of the 
170,000 registered nurses represented by Na-
tional Nurses United, we write to urge you to 
cosponsor the Workplace Violence Preven-
tion for Health Care and Social Service 
Workers Act, introduced by Representative 
Joe Courtney. 
Across the country, registered nurses and 
other health care workers are put at risk 
every day when providing quality care for 
patients in need. Over the course of the past 
year, the dangerous working conditions in 
our nation’s hospitals and health care facili-
ties have been exposed due the Covid–19 pan-
demic. But these hazardous working condi-
tions pre-date Covid–19. 
The danger of violence in the workplace 
has become its own epidemic in our nation’s 
health care and social service workplaces. In 
2019, nurses reported more than three times 
the rate of injuries due to workplace vio-
lence than workers overall. Nurses report 
being punched, kicked, bitten, beaten, and 
threatened with violence as they provide 
care to others—and far too many have expe-
rienced stabbings and shootings. 
Violence on the job has increased for 
nurses during the Covid–19 pandemic. Ac-
cording to a recent survey conducted by Na-
tional Nurses United, twenty percent of 
nurses report facing increased workplace vi-
olence on the job over the course of the pan-
demic, which they attribute to decreasing 
staffing levels, changes in the patient popu-
lation, and visitor restrictions. 
There are practical steps that healthcare 
and social service employers can take to ful-
fill their obligations to protect their employ-
ees from these serious occupational hazards. 
We know that violence can be prevented 
through the development and implementa-
tion of plans that are tailored to specific pa-
tient care units and facilities. These plans 
must assess and address the range of risks 
for violence—from the sufficiency of staffing 
and security systems to environmental and 
patient-specific risk factors. 
The Workplace Violence Prevention for 
Health Care and Social Service Workers Act 
mandates that the Occupational Safety and 
Health Administration promulgate a work-
place violence prevention standard that 
would require healthcare and social service 
employers to develop and enforce plans to 
protect their employees from violence on the 
job. To ensure that workplace violence pre-
vention plans are effective, workers (includ-
ing nurses, other direct care employees, and 
security 
personnel) 
must 
be 
involved 
throughout all stages of plan development, 
implementation, and review, which go hand- 
in-hand with the standard’s comprehensive 
training requirements. The enforceable occu-
pational health and safety standard estab-
lished in this legislation is necessary to cre-
ate and maintain protections against work-
place violence that our members, other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:29 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00011
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K16AP7.011
H16APPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 10-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1858 
April 16, 2021 
workers in healthcare and social settings, 
and, importantly, our patients deserve. 
Last Congress, the Workplace Violence 
Prevention for Health Care and Social Serv-
ice Workers Act was passed in the House of 
Representatives with bipartisan support. As 
nurses and other health care and social serv-
ice workers continue to put their lives at 
risk to do their jobs, it is imperative that 
Congress pass this legislation and ensure it 
is signed into law. 
Sincerely, 
BONNIE CASTILLO, RN, 
Executive 
Director, 
National 
Nurses 
United. 
ZENEI CORTEZ, RN, 
President, 
National 
Nurses United. 
DEBORAH BURGER, RN, 
President, 
National 
Nurses United. 
JEAN ROSS, RN, 
President, 
National 
Nurses United. 
Ms. STEVENS. Workplaces need vio-
lence protection. Vote to pass H.R. 
1195. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
As we have discussed today, work-
place violence is a very real and per-
sistent issue for healthcare and social 
service workers. 
The Democrat title of H.R. 1195, the 
Workplace 
Violence 
Prevention 
for 
Health Care and Social Service Work-
ers Act, presupposes that the rushed, 
overly prescriptive, and complex Fed-
eral regulation required by this bill 
will somehow prevent workplace vio-
lence. 
However, a true solution to violence 
in the workplace will not be in the 
form of a Federal regulation. Rather, a 
broader, bipartisan approach is needed 
to address the root causes of this seri-
ous and complicated issue. 
According to the American Hospital 
Association, increases in assaults in 
healthcare facilities are being driven, 
in part, by growing numbers of behav-
ioral healthcare patients being treated 
in emergency departments and other 
acute-care settings. 
The opioid and drug abuse epidemic 
is another major contributing factor to 
workplace 
violence, 
as 
healthcare 
workers are often tasked with treating 
patients that may be under the influ-
ence of potent drugs or experiencing 
their painful side effects. 
Unfortunately, H.R. 1195 does nothing 
to address these realities. 
Ultimately, an OSHA workplace vio-
lence regulation that is written under 
the standard rulemaking process will 
be much more informed and effective 
because it will require evidence-based 
input related to behavioral health and 
opioid abuse that are responsible for 
many workplace violence incidents. 
But as I said earlier, we need to roll 
up our sleeves and develop a com-
prehensive, bipartisan response to ad-
dress the root causes of this serious 
and complicated issue. 
Again, I urge my colleagues to op-
pose H.R. 1195, and I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
First of all, I just want to com-
pliment Ms. FOXX
about her very 
thoughtful remarks about what is driv-
ing this crisis out there for healthcare 
workers. There is no question that be-
havioral health and the heroin and 
opioid addiction—and we heard this 
from witnesses who testified before our 
committee. 
But I would respectfully suggest that 
the people who are actually out there 
on the front lines, the EMTs—their as-
sociation has endorsed this bill—and 
the American College of Emergency 
Room Physicians—they are the ones 
right there taking in these very sort of 
high-risk, intense cases—have issued a 
letter of support for H.R. 1195 because 
they realize that what this bill will, in 
fact, create, is a safer system for better 
communication, better lighting, not 
leaving people alone with patients, who 
have been identified as high-risk. 
Really, all you have to do is talk to 
any ER doc. They will tell you it is 
tough out there, and we need to 
change. We need to have systems in 
place to better protect them. 
Madam Speaker, I include in the 
RECORD a letter of support from the 
American College of Emergency Physi-
cians. 
AMERICAN COLLEGE OF 
EMERGENCY PHYSICIANS, 
March 23, 2021. 
Hon. JOE COURTNEY, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE COURTNEY: On be-
half of the American College of Emergency 
Physicians (ACEP) and our 40,000 members, 
thank you for introducing for H.R. 1195, the 
Workplace Violence Prevention for Health 
Care and Social Service Workers Act. ACEP 
appreciates your leadership to help establish 
procedures to ensure that emergency physi-
cians, health care workers, social workers, 
and patients, are protected from violence in 
the workplace, and we urge Congress to 
swiftly consider and pass this important leg-
islation. 
Violence in the emergency department is a 
serious and growing concern, causing signifi-
cant stress to emergency department staff 
and to patients who seek treatment in the 
emergency department (ED). According to a 
survey conducted by ACEP in 2018, nearly 
half of emergency physicians polled reported 
being physically assaulted, with more than 
60 percent of those occurring within the past 
year. Nearly 7 in 10 emergency physicians 
say ED violence has increased within the 
past 5 years. Beyond the immediate physical 
impacts, the risk of violence increases the 
difficulty of recruiting and retaining quali-
fied health care professionals and contrib-
utes to greater levels of physician burnout. 
Most importantly, patients with medical 
emergencies deserve high-quality care in a 
place free of physical dangers from other pa-
tients or individuals, and care from staff 
that is not distracted by individuals with be-
havioral or substance-induced violent behav-
ior. 
There are many factors contributing to the 
increase in ED and hospital violence, and 
like you, we recognize there is no one-size- 
fits-all solution. Employers and hospitals 
should develop workplace violence preven-
tion and response procedures that address 
the needs of their particular facilities, staff, 
contractors, and communities, as those 
needs and resources may vary significantly. 
To this end, ACEP asks that Congress also 
take into consideration how emergency de-
partments are staffed to ensure that the im-
portant provisions of this legislation are im-
plemented in the most appropriate manner. 
As you are aware, emergency physicians may 
be employed in an ED in a variety of ways, 
whether directly employed through the hos-
pital in an academic setting, or contracted 
as a member of a small democratic practice 
or a larger, national physician group. Given 
that emergency physicians and these groups 
do not control the resources of an individual 
facility that they staff, it would be neither 
practical nor effective to require contracted 
groups themselves to be responsible for im-
plementing, tracking and reporting of vio-
lent incidents. ACEP believes that emer-
gency physicians that contract with hos-
pitals or facilities should not be held respon-
sible for situations or hazards outside of 
their direct control; however, they can and 
should serve an integral role in developing 
effective violence prevention strategies. We 
appreciate your efforts to date to provide ad-
ditional clarity on what a ‘‘covered em-
ployer’’ is ultimately responsible for, and 
ask Congress to ensure that any new federal 
requirements do not create any uninten-
tional or undue burdens for entities that do 
not control the health care workplace. 
Once again, thank you for your leadership 
on this important issue. ACEP looks forward 
to working with you to ensure patients, 
health care workers, and all others in the 
emergency department (ED) are prepared for 
and protected against violent acts occurring 
in the department. 
Sincerely, 
MARK ROSENBERG, DO, MBA, FACEP, 
ACEP President. 
Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from 
Texas 
(Mr. 
GREEN), 
another 
out-
standing supporter of this legislation. 
Mr. GREEN of Texas. Madam Speak-
er, whatever employers are doing in 
the main is not enough. Workplace vio-
lence is the third leading cause of job 
death. Whatever they are doing is not 
enough. 
Twenty percent of registered nurses 
in one survey reported an increase in 
workplace violence. Whatever they are 
doing is not enough. 
It is not unreasonable to ask people 
to have a plan to protect employees. It 
is not unreasonable to ask them to en-
force that plan. And it is not unreason-
able to provide cover for those who re-
port these workplace violence inci-
dents in the form of protection from re-
taliation from reporting. It is just not 
enough. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Speaker, I 
include in the RECORD a letter of sup-
port from AFT, which is a union that 
represents hundreds of thousands of 
frontline workers, including nurses, 
across the country in support of H.R. 
1195. 
AFT, 
March 23, 2021. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
Committee on Education and Labor, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE: On behalf of the 1.7 
million members of the American Federation 
of 
Teachers, 
including 
nearly 
200,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:29 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00012
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A16AP7.007
H16APPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 11-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1859 
April 16, 2021 
healthcare professionals, I thank Chairman 
Bobby Scott for bringing H.R.1195, the Work-
place Violence Prevention for Health Care 
and Social Service Workers Act, before the 
committee, and I urge you to vote in support 
of Congressman Joe Courtney’s crucial legis-
lation. 
This bipartisan bill is straightforward and 
needed, requiring employers to develop vio-
lence prevention plans and establishing whis-
tleblower protections so that healthcare and 
social service workers don’t fear retaliation 
for speaking out against what they see in the 
workplace. 
This is not an abstract issue for me. I hear 
from AFT healthcare members about vio-
lence all the time: a nurse choked to the 
point of unconsciousness, a nurse stabbed, 
members who have suffered bone fractures 
and brain injuries from being thrown against 
walls and floors. Subcommittee Chairwoman 
Alma Adams held an important hearing on 
workplace violence last Congress, where an 
AFT member shared the following: 
He then spun around on his back and 
kicked his leg high into the air striking me 
in the neck, hitting with such force to my 
throat that my head snapped backward; I 
heard this ‘‘bang’’ and ‘‘pop,’’ and all the air 
just rushed out of me. . . . Since June 2015, 
I have been diagnosed with moderate to se-
vere post-traumatic stress disorder, mod-
erate anxiety, insomnia, depressive disorder 
and social phobia related to this incident. 
. . . I LOVED being a nurse. I have a huge 
problem still calling myself a nurse. I do not 
know what to call myself now. There is a 
deep loss when you used to make a difference 
in the lives of people, in your true calling 
and with passion. Now, that space is filled 
with extreme sadness and fear. . . . I lost my 
career. 
Violence is not just ‘‘part of the job.’’ No 
one should face violence, intimidation or 
fear for their safety while working to heal 
others and save lives. Sadly, healthcare and 
social service workers are nearly five times 
more likely to be assaulted while on the job 
than the rest of our workforce. The costs of 
this violence are high: in injury rates, in pro-
fessionals being driven from doing the work 
they love, and in workers’ compensation 
claims and staff shortages. 
Our nurses, health techs, social service 
workers and other health professionals need 
more than nightly applause; they need en-
forceable federal protections to keep them 
safe from the epidemic of workplace violence 
and other serious hazards they face at work. 
These are the people who take care of us 
when we need them, who have devoted their 
careers to looking after the aging, the sick 
and the injured, but are forced to beg Con-
gress for basic workplace rights. 
I urge you to support the nurses, social 
workers and other healthcare professionals 
in your district by voting for committee ap-
proval of the Workplace Violence Prevention 
for Health Care and Social Service Workers 
Act. 
Sincerely, 
RANDI WEINGARTEN, 
President. 
Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from 
Rhode 
Island 
(Mr. 
CICILLINE), 
my 
neighbor and good friend. 
Mr. CICILLINE. Madam Speaker, our 
Nation owes a great debt to the 
healthcare and social service workers 
fighting 
on 
the 
frontlines 
of 
the 
COVID–19 pandemic. These essential 
workers treat the ill, administer vac-
cines, care for the elderly, and respond 
to emergencies across the country. 
Their efforts are critical to our Na-
tion’s response to the pandemic. 
Yet, Congress has abdicated its re-
sponsibility to protect these essential 
workers from violence in the work-
place. These workers are almost five 
times as likely to experience a serious 
injury from workplace violence than 
workers in other sectors. 
That is why I am proud to cosponsor 
H.R. 1195. I want to acknowledge the 
principled, compassionate, committed 
and effective leadership of Congress-
man COURTNEY for shepherding this bill 
to the floor. 
This legislation would direct OSHA 
to quickly issue an interim final stand-
ard mandating healthcare and social 
service employers implement work-
place prevention plans. 
This is not a partisan issue. I hope we 
can all agree that everyone deserves to 
feel safe at work. I urge my colleagues 
to vote ‘‘yes.’’ 
Madam Speaker, I include in the 
RECORD a letter from the American 
Public Health Association in support of 
the legislation. 
AMERICAN PUBLIC 
HEALTH ASSOCIATION, 
Washington, DC, March 23, 2021. 
HOUSE COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION AND LABOR, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE: On behalf of the 
American Public Health Association, a di-
verse community of public health profes-
sionals that champions the health of all peo-
ple and communities, I write in strong sup-
port of H.R. 1195, the Workplace Violence 
Prevention for Health Care and Social Serv-
ices Workers Act. This important bipartisan 
legislation would require the Occupational 
Safety and Health Administration to develop 
a workplace violence prevention standard to 
protect workers who are at the greatest risk 
from violence on the job. 
Workplace violence is a serious problem 
that has increased substantially in the last 
decade. Every day, nurses, psychiatric aides, 
social workers and other caretakers are as-
saulted on the job. The Bureau of Labor Sta-
tistics reports that in 2019 health care and 
social service workers experienced the high-
est rate of workplace violence injuries at 14.7 
per 10,000 workers, compared to a national 
average of 4.4 for all workers. In the same 
year, psychiatric hospitals had a recorded 
rate of serious injury due to workplace vio-
lence at 152.4 per 10,000 workers. Since 2010, 
the rate of serious workplace violence inju-
ries has increased by 52% in health care and 
social assistance jobs. Health care and social 
service workers are at greatest risk because 
they are on the frontlines of patient and cli-
ent care, often working with high-risk popu-
lations who need specialized care and atten-
tion. This type of violence has a significant 
and long-lasting impact on individual work-
ers and on the public’s health. 
Assaults and other violence experienced by 
health care and social assistance workers is 
a preventable problem that requires a public 
health approach. This legislation would re-
quire employers who operate health care fa-
cilities, mental health clinics, emergency 
services and home care to develop a work-
place violence prevention plan. These plans 
have shown to be effective and the tools for 
preventing violence in these workplaces are 
available, 
such 
as 
emergency 
response 
alarms, improved lighting and safe staffing 
levels. 
We strongly urge your support for this im-
portant legislation which is a critical step in 
protecting our caregivers from work-related 
violence. 
Sincerely, 
GEORGES C. BENJAMIN, MD, 
Executive Director. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Madam Speaker, the American Hos-
pital Association, AHA, is opposed to 
H.R. 1195. 
In a letter to Education and Labor 
Committee members prior to the com-
mittee markup last month, AHA stat-
ed: ‘‘However, because hospitals have 
already implemented specifically tai-
lored policies and programs to address 
workplace violence, we do not believe 
that the OSHA standards required by 
H.R. 1195 are warranted, nor do we sup-
port an expedited approach that would 
deny the public the opportunity to re-
view and comment on proposed regula-
tions.’’ 
Further, AHA explained: 
The prohibitive costs that the mandates in 
H.R. 1195 would impose on America’s hos-
pitals, particularly on those that provide 
care in rural and underserved areas, could 
strain scarce resources and jeopardize pa-
tient care. 
These mandates would burden healthcare 
providers that are struggling to maintain 
services during the most deadly public 
health emergency in 100 years. 
Madam Speaker, I include in the 
RECORD the letter from the American 
Hospital Association. 
AMERICAN HOSPITAL ASSOCIATION, 
Washington, DC, March 23, 2021. 
Hon. JOE COURTNEY, 
House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE COURTNEY: On be-
half of our nearly 5,000 member hospitals, 
health systems and other health care organi-
zations, and our clinician partners—includ-
ing more than 270,000 affiliated physicians, 2 
million nurses and other caregivers—and the 
43,000 health care leaders who belong to our 
professional membership groups, the Amer-
ican Hospital Association (AHA) writes re-
garding the Workplace Violence Prevention 
for Health Care and Social Service Workers 
Act (H.R. 1195). 
Your bill would direct the Secretary of 
Labor to issue—on an expedited timetable— 
and Occupational Safety and Health Admin-
istration (OSHA) standard requiring employ-
ers in health care and social services to de-
velop and implement a comprehensive work-
place violence prevention plan. America’s 
hospitals and health systems are committed 
to a culture of safety for every worker, pa-
tient and family member who enters our fa-
cilities. However, because hospitals have al-
ready implemented specifically tailored poli-
cies and programs to address workplace vio-
lence, we do not believe that the OSHA 
standards required by H.R. 1195 are war-
ranted, nor do we support an expedited ap-
proach that would deny the public the oppor-
tunity to review and comment on proposed 
regulations. 
Further, the prohibitive costs that the 
mandates in your bill would impose on 
America’s hospitals, particularly on those 
that provide care in rural and underserved 
areas, could strain scarce resources and jeop-
ardize patient care. These mandates would 
burden health care providers that are strug-
gling to maintain services during the most 
deadly public health emergency in 100 years. 
For these reasons, we must oppose H.R. 1195 
and urge the Committee on Education and 
Labor not to report it favorably. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:29 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00013
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A16AP7.011
H16APPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 12-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1860 
April 16, 2021 
H.R. 
1195
WOULD
IMPOSE
BURDENSOME
UN-
FUNDED
MANDATES
AND
PROHIBITIVE
COSTS 
ON HOSPITALS 
According to the Congressional Budget Of-
fice’s (CBO) estimate of your bill in 2019, in 
the first two years in which the OSHA final 
rule would be in effect, the cost to private 
entities would be at least $2.7 billion and at 
least $1.3 billion each year thereafter. 
CBO concluded that ‘‘substantial personnel 
and capital costs would be imposed by the re-
quirements for training, investigation, engi-
neering, and infrastructure changes.’’ Such 
costs are unsustainable. A recent report by 
Kaufman-Hall forecasts that total hospital 
revenue in 2021 could be down between $53 
billion and $122 billion from pre-pandemic 
levels. In addition to lost revenue, hospitals 
must absorb increases in many expenses due 
to COVID–19. These losses come on top of the 
historic financial crisis that hit the hospital 
field last year, with an AHA report esti-
mating total losses for the nation’s hospitals 
and health systems to be at least $323 billion 
through 2020. 
HOSPITALS ALREADY STRIVE TO PREVENT 
VIOLENCE IN THE WORKPLACE 
Hospitals and health systems depend on 
compassionate, skilled, trained, and dedi-
cated men and women to support and carry 
out their core mission of caring for people. 
As a result, they view the safety and well- 
being of employees as a top priority and take 
seriously their responsibilities to ensure a 
safe workplace free of all forms of violence— 
whether such violence results from encoun-
ters between staff and patients and/or their 
families, staff-to-staff aggression and harass-
ment, or the intrusion of community condi-
tions and community violence into the work-
place. Hospitals are focused on violence pre-
vention within their facilities and in the 
communities they serve. 
To support hospitals’ efforts, the AHA has 
implemented a cross-association effort to de-
velop tools and resources to highlight and 
share with the field numerous programs and 
resources to combat violence within the hos-
pital and the community. We have encour-
aged OSHA to support hospitals’ efforts by 
sponsoring research to identify best prac-
tices for various workplace settings and cir-
cumstances and widely disseminating infor-
mation about these proven best practices to 
the health care field. 
Hospitals have established organization- 
wide initiatives to address workplace vio-
lence. As the most recent Hospital Security 
Survey conducted in 2018 by AHA’s Society 
for Healthcare Engineering and Health Fa-
cilities Management reveals, workplace vio-
lence policies are in place for 97% of respond-
ent facilities and 95% have active-shooter 
policies. Further, nearly three-quarters of 
hospitals responding (72%) conduct security 
risk assessments at least annually, with al-
most half using a combination of in-house 
and outside security experts to conduct 
these assessments. Moreover, in response to 
the increasing challenges of maintaining se-
cure environments, a majority of hospitals 
are using aggressive management training as 
a proactive way to prevent the occurrence of 
security incidents and to be better prepared 
to respond effectively when incidents arise. 
A majority of hospitals, working in tan-
dem with security officers and front-line 
staff, have adopted programs to train all 
clinical staff to de-escalate security situa-
tions before they erupt. Hospitals have cre-
ated these programs in-house and tailored 
them to their particular needs. For example, 
Boston Medical Center (BMC), a 500-bed, 41- 
building hospital located close to a county 
jail, a homeless shelter and a methadone 
clinic, developed its own de-escalation pro-
gram. BMC’s training focuses on verbal de- 
escalation and physical restraint skills. All 
frontline staff-unit clerk nurses, intensive 
care unit staff, social workers, etc.,—along 
with security staff receive ongoing training 
at BMC. Scenario training uses videos that 
re-enact possible active-shooter security in-
cidents; these BMC videos are available for 
other hospitals to access as training tools. 
Another example is that of Atrium Health, 
which has created its in-house training pro-
gram. Staff members certified in workplace 
violence prevention train other staff mem-
bers, including home health workers, using a 
multi-tiered program. 
As the association representing hospitals 
and health systems nationwide, the AHA is 
committed to helping our members prevent 
and reduce violence. We have established a 
specific initiative focused on combatting vio-
lence in all its forms. A critical component 
of this initiative includes developing tools 
and resources to highlight and share with 
the hospital field programs, initiatives and 
other efforts to help combat violence at hos-
pital facilities as well as in the communities 
served by the hospital. We have developed a 
dedicated webpage to share information and 
resources that address everything from con-
ducting a risk assessment to emergency re-
sponse best practices, and we encourage all 
hospitals to use these resources to expand 
and strengthen their own violence preven-
tion efforts. 
On the website, hospitals can find the 
Healthcare 
Facility 
Workplace 
Violence 
Risk Assessment Tool developed by the 
AHA’s American Society for Healthcare Risk 
Management to offer practical guidance for 
those charged with overseeing hospital secu-
rity and facilities management. Also on the 
website is Guiding Principles for Mitigating 
Violence in the Workplace, a resource cre-
ated jointly by the American Organization 
for Nursing Leadership (an AHA-affiliated 
organization) and the Emergency Nurses As-
sociation. The resource outlines guiding 
principles and priorities to systematically 
reduce lateral as well as patient and family 
violence in the workplace. In addition, an ar-
ticle from Health Facilities Management en-
courages and guides health care organiza-
tions in consulting with security personnel 
during design of new facilities to incorporate 
workplace safety considerations as a funda-
mental component of these construction 
projects. 
FEDERAL POLICYMAKERS SHOULD FOCUS ON DIS-
SEMINATION
OF
BEST
PRACTICES
TO
THE 
FIELD AND SUPPORT INCREASED FUNDING FOR 
BEHAVIORAL HEALTH CARE 
Hospitals’ efforts to curb workplace vio-
lence would be bolstered by robust federal 
initiatives that would disseminate health 
care and social assistance sectors best prac-
tices that have demonstrated effectiveness 
in violence prevention. Federal support of re-
search to identify the effectiveness of best 
practices for different workplace settings 
and circumstances and disseminating infor-
mation about such best practices would do 
more to advance and promote workplace 
safety than the adoption of a ‘‘one-size-fits- 
all’’ standard for compliance and enforce-
ment. The establishment of a uniform work-
place violence standard for the field may 
lead to organizations using a narrowly fo-
cused and thereby less effective compliance 
strategy in addressing the problem of work-
place violence. 
We note evidence suggesting that increases 
in assaults in the health care workplace are 
being driven, in part, by growing numbers of 
behavioral health care patients reporting to 
and being treated in emergency departments 
and other settings in acute care, general hos-
pitals. Another security challenge is the 
opioid epidemic, which continues to affect 
communities nationwide. 
Integrating mental health, substance use 
disorder, and primary care services has prov-
en to produce the best outcomes and to be 
the most effective approach to caring for 
people with multiple health care needs. But 
at the same time, funding for behavioral 
health treatment for such patients is being 
stripped, and it can be difficult for health 
care organizations to find the financial, 
staffing, and other resources needed to fully 
address issues associated with caring for 
them. 
For these reasons, we believe there are pro-
ductive actions Congress can take to help 
stem workplace violence in hospitals and 
health systems. We urge Congress to signifi-
cantly increase funding for expanded and im-
proved delivery of behavioral health care, 
and to support the hospital field’s efforts to 
secure necessary funds to share best prac-
tices and approaches, expand educational 
programs, and make other investments in 
safety. We must address the root causes of 
the negative workplace safety issues that 
have arisen as a result of continued under-
funding of treatment and service delivery for 
growing numbers of behavioral health care 
and opioid-dependent patients in emergency 
departments and other acute care hospital 
settings. 
We believe that these approaches would 
help mitigate workplace violence and aid 
hospitals and health systems in further ad-
dressing these incidents through policies and 
strategies that are best suited to their needs 
and the needs of the communities they serve. 
We stand ready to work with you to explore 
an appropriate congressional response that 
would improve hospitals’ ability to address 
workplace violence. 
Sincerely, 
THOMAS P. NICKELS, 
Executive Vice President. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, we are 
hearing from the people who are on the 
front lines, and we have said we want 
to protect the people on the front lines. 
Well, let’s listen to the people on the 
front lines. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Speaker, 
really quick, on page 11 of the bill it 
specifically states that the plans pro-
posed to be adopted by OSHA would 
‘‘be tailored and specific to conditions 
and hazards for the covered facility or 
the covered service, including patient- 
specific risk factors and risk factors 
specific to each work area or unit.’’ 
That is not one size fits all. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to 
the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. GAR-
CIA), a Member who can really bring a 
very powerful personal experience to 
this issue. 
b 1000 
Ms. GARCIA of Texas. Madam Speak-
er, I am here today to express my sup-
port for this very important piece of 
legislation. This is simple; it is much 
needed; and it is just a commonsense 
bill. 
For my friends across the aisle who 
think that this is some intellectual ex-
ercise, that we are trying to find some 
mandate, or that we need to listen to 
the front lines, well, I am here to tell 
you what happens on the front lines. 
It was not yesterday; it was when I 
was a geriatric social worker. We had 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:29 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00014
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A16AP7.018
H16APPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 13-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1861 
April 16, 2021 
received a report of a street child tak-
ing care of a senior, and there was con-
cern about the senior and the street 
child. 
I went to the door to make an assess-
ment. I knocked on the door, and I was 
greeted by a Saturday night special 
right in my face, as a social worker 
just trying to do my job. She kept say-
ing: ‘‘You ain’t gonna take my baby. 
You ain’t gonna take my baby.’’ I was 
scared, scared, and scared, never hav-
ing had a gun to my face. 
Madam Speaker, I am sure you know 
what I am talking about because you 
have probably had similar experiences. 
I was a social worker just trying to 
make an assessment to see if this sen-
ior needed help at home. I had nothing 
to do with trying to take her child 
away, but she confused me for a child 
welfare worker. 
This is what can happen. It has hap-
pened to me. It happens today. As Rep-
resentative STEVENS
pointed out, it 
happened at 2 a.m. this morning, not to 
a social worker but to a FedEx worker. 
We must do something to make sure 
that we can protect workers and that 
we end workplace violence. 
This is a small step. It is not an in-
tellectual exercise. It is real. I am 
speaking personally, and I am here to 
stand with social workers across Amer-
ica to make sure that we do everything 
we can to make their workplace safe 
and that everyone is protected. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman 
from Illinois (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY). 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Madam Speaker, 
workplace violence has reached epi-
demic levels and is the third greatest 
cause of job death right now. 
Nurses, medical assistants, emer-
gency responders, and social workers 
face some of the greatest threats, suf-
fering more than 72 percent of all 
workplace assaults. Women suffer two 
out of every three serious workplace 
violence incidents. 
This is unacceptable. We need to pro-
tect workers and require employers to 
put in place effective workplace vio-
lence prevention plans. It is simple. 
Make a plan. 
We need to protect our healthcare 
and social service workers who have 
done so much for us during the pan-
demic to care for us. Now, we need to 
care for them. 
We need H.R. 1195 now. Let’s come 
together and get it done. 
Madam Speaker, I include in the 
RECORD
an 
editorial 
column 
from 
Bonnie Castillo and a letter from the 
AFL–CIO. 
[From The Hill, Apr. 9, 2021] 
WE
CAN’T
AFFORD
TO
LOSE
ONE
MORE 
NURSE—PASSING
WORKPLACE
VIOLENCE 
PREVENTION BILL WOULD HELP 
(By Bonnie Castillo, Opinion Contributor) 
‘‘My children were very distraught to see 
their mom with a black eye,’’ said Luciana 
Herr, a registered nurse in the inpatient psy-
chiatry unit at Abbott Northwest Hospital in 
Minneapolis, Minn. Herr entered a hospital 
room in early March to find a patient hitting 
and biting her co-worker. With no security 
or other staff around, she tried to help and 
was punched in the face twice and kicked 
several times. It was the second time she had 
been assaulted in just a few months. 
Tragically, Herr’s story is all too common. 
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, 
health care and social service workers have a 
five times greater likelihood of experiencing 
a workplace violence-related injury than 
workers overall. This extremely high rate of 
violence is unacceptable, a fact driven home 
by the pandemic. We cannot let nurses and 
other health care workers go one more day 
fighting for optimal COVID protections 
while also wondering whether they will be 
assaulted at work. 
That’s why National Nurses United (NNU), 
the largest union of registered nurses in the 
United States, is fighting to get a critical 
bill across the finish line. The Workplace Vi-
olence Prevention for Health Care and Social 
Service Workers Act (H.R. 1195) would man-
date that federal OSHA hold health care and 
social service employers accountable for de-
veloping and implementing a comprehensive 
workplace violence prevention plan, publicly 
reporting incidents of violence, and not re-
taliating against workers who report vio-
lence. 
The legislation passed the U.S. House in 
the 116th Congress and was reintroduced this 
session by U.S. Rep. Joe Courtney (D–Conn.). 
It will come up for a floor vote soon in the 
House, and nurses across the country urge 
congressmembers to vote yes. 
Planning to prevent violence means every-
thing because once violence happens, it’s al-
ready too late. This truth really hit home 
when our beloved NNU member Cynthia 
Palomata, a registered nurse in California, 
was killed by her patient in 2010. Countless 
nurses across the country are attacked phys-
ically and verbally each year, and the vio-
lence may be growing. A November 2020 Na-
tional Nurses United survey of 15,000 reg-
istered nurses across the country found that 
20 percent of respondents reported an in-
crease in workplace violence during the pan-
demic. 
It’s important to remember that when 
nurses aren’t safe, patients, visitors, and 
family members are also not safe. Violence 
can harm anyone in the vicinity. 
According to Herr, staffing at an optimal 
level, adding security, and making sure pa-
tients are assessed and placed where they are 
best served are examples of actions her em-
ployer could take to curb violence before it 
happens. But there is no federal mandate for 
health care and social service employers to 
have a comprehensive, unit-specific preven-
tion plan. This bill will establish one. In our 
profit-driven health care system, employers 
will never invest in prevention unless they 
are held accountable. 
‘‘All I got was an ‘I am sorry that hap-
pened to you,’ ’’ said Melanie Autrey, a gen-
eral surgery registered nurse at Mission Hos-
pital in Asheville, N.C., who—along with her 
co-worker—was attacked in January by a pa-
tient with dementia. ‘‘It made me feel like I 
was not safe working here. It made me feel 
like ‘What does it take?’ ’’ 
In Autrey’s case, simple things may have 
helped, like the hospital investing in ‘‘sit-
ters,’’ staff who can watch over patients in 
need of supervision and notice changes in be-
havior before a patient grows violent. There 
are so many clear actions that health care 
employers can take to prevent violence from 
happening and to ensure nurses can focus on 
caring for patients, not on wondering wheth-
er they will be hurt or killed on the job. But 
if we don’t hold profit-driven employers ac-
countable, they will never change. 
As of early April, more than 3,570 reg-
istered nurses and other health care workers 
have already died of COVID–19. We can’t af-
ford to lose one more—not to the virus, not 
to violence, not to preventable causes. Con-
gress must pass the Workplace Violence Pre-
vention for Health Care and Social Service 
Workers Act without delay. 
AFL–CIO, 
Washington, DC, April 13, 2021. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE: I am writing on be-
half of the AFL–CIO to urge you to vote for 
the 
Workplace 
Violence 
Prevention 
for 
Health Care and Social Services Workers Act 
(H.R. 1195) when it is brought to the floor 
this week. This bill would direct the Occupa-
tional Safety and Health Administration 
(OSHA) to issue a federal workplace violence 
prevention standard to protect workers in 
health care and social services from injury 
and death. We also urge you to oppose Keller 
#6. 
Workplace violence is a serious and grow-
ing safety and health problem that has 
reached epidemic levels. Workplace violence 
is the third leading cause of job death, and 
results in more than 30,000 serious lost-time 
injuries each year. Nurses, medical assist-
ants, emergency responders and social work-
ers face some of the greatest threats, suf-
fering more than 72% of all workplace as-
saults. Women workers particularly are at 
risk, suffering two out of every three serious 
workplace violence injuries. 
An OSHA standard under H.R. 1195 would 
protect these workers by requiring employ-
ers in the health care and social service sec-
tors to develop and implement a workplace 
violence prevention plan, tailored to specific 
workplaces and worker populations. As part 
of the plan, employers would be required to 
work with employees to identify and correct 
hazards, 
develop 
systems 
for 
reporting 
threats of violence and injuries, provide 
training for workers and management and 
protect workers from retaliation for report-
ing workplace violence incidents. Common 
sense prevention measures include alarm de-
vices, lighting, security, and surveillance 
and monitoring systems to reduce the risk of 
violent assaults and injuries. 
The requirements for a workplace violence 
prevention plan are based upon existing rec-
ommendations from OSHA, NIOSH and pro-
fessional associations, and scientific studies 
have found these guidelines to significantly 
reduce the incidence of workplace violence. 
Similar measures have been adopted in a 
number of states and implemented by some 
employers. Currently, however, there is no 
federal OSHA workplace standard, which 
would ensure these measures are in place. 
The majority of healthcare and social serv-
ice workers lack effective protection and re-
main at serious risk while OSHA has been 
slow to act. 
The AFL–CIO opposes Keller # 6, the 
Amendment in the Nature of a Substitute, as 
it will continue to delay protections for 
workers and will weaken the underlying pro-
tections of H.R. 1195. Working people need 
protection from workplace violence now, and 
should not have to wait seven years or more, 
the average time it takes for OSHA to issue 
a safety and health standard. It has been 
over four years since OSHA issued a Request 
for Information on workplace violence. Since 
this initial step, the agency has not taken 
additional action. 
In recognition of the urgency to protect 
these workers from dangerous assaults, we 
support the underlying bill, which requires 
OSHA to develop an interim standard within 
one year and a final standard within 42 
months. OSHA issued its first guidance to 
employers on protecting health care and so-
cial service workers from workplace violence 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:29 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00015
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K16AP7.019
H16APPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE
--

 -Page 14-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1862 
April 16, 2021 
25 years ago in 1996. These frontline workers 
cannot wait any longer; their lives are in 
danger. 
The underlying bill has broad support from 
health care professionals, safety and health 
professionals and healthcare unions includ-
ing the National Association of Social Work-
ers, American Public Health Association, 
American Industrial Hygiene Association 
and American Society of Safety Profes-
sionals. Also, this important legislation 
passed the House during the 116th Congress 
with 251 votes and continues to have strong 
bipartisan support. 
We urge you to support H.R. 1195 to help 
protect health care and social service work-
ers from the growing threat of workplace vi-
olence and unnecessary injury and death. We 
also urge you to oppose any Motion to Re-
commit, which would have the effect of kill-
ing the bill. 
Sincerely, 
WILLIAM SAMUEL, 
Director, Government Affairs. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, may I 
inquire as to how much time is remain-
ing. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from North Carolina has 113⁄4 
minutes remaining. The gentleman 
from Connecticut has 111⁄4 minutes re-
maining. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman 
from Minnesota (Ms. CRAIG). 
Ms. CRAIG. Madam Speaker, just 
over 2 months ago, a man walked into 
an Allina Health clinic in Buffalo, Min-
nesota, and opened fire, killing one em-
ployee and injuring four others. 
On that tragic day, nurses, doctors, 
social workers, and others were report-
edly targeted because of their profes-
sions. 
Tragically, this senseless and horrific 
act of violence is representative of a 
broader trend in our society. Today, 
members of the healthcare workforce 
are five times as likely to suffer a 
workplace injury than Americans in 
other professions. 
Madam Speaker, what in the hell are 
we doing in Congress if we are not 
going to stand up and do anything for 
our healthcare heroes and those work-
ers? 
My colleagues who vote against this 
bill are ignoring the pleas of the EMTs, 
the emergency workers, and all of 
those folks who have been on the front 
lines of this healthcare pandemic. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Speaker, I 
yield an additional 15 seconds to the 
gentlewoman from Minnesota. 
Ms. CRAIG. Madam Speaker, it is our 
responsibility to step forward and help 
protect our workers. It is beyond the 
pale to put our heads in the sand, as 
Members of Congress, and say there is 
nothing that we can do. What the hell 
are we doing here if we do that? 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Madam Speaker, we grieve for any-
one who is killed violently in this 
country 
under 
any 
circumstances. 
Again, that is not a partisan issue. 
Madam Speaker, the healthcare in-
dustry is currently in the midst of re-
sponding to a once-in-a-century pan-
demic and has rightly prioritized sig-
nificant resources to caring for pa-
tients and keeping its employees safe 
from COVID–19. 
Forcing OSHA to issue an interim 
final standard on workplace violence 
within 1 year, as H.R. 1195 requires, 
will have a devastating impact on the 
healthcare industry during the COVID– 
19 pandemic. 
The last thing our healthcare pro-
viders need during this unprecedented 
public health crisis is more costly 
mandates from Washington that will 
strain resources and personnel and 
jeopardize patient care. 
Moreover, the Biden administration 
is expected to soon impose new em-
ployer mandates in the form of an 
OSHA emergency temporary standard 
for COVID–19 and, eventually, a perma-
nent infectious disease rule, which will 
have a significant impact on the 
healthcare industry. 
At a time when healthcare facilities 
are 
experiencing 
massive 
revenue 
losses and have invested significant re-
sources into responding to COVID–19, 
the issuance of two new regulations 
from Washington, potentially within 
months of each other, will be dev-
astating. 
Our Nation’s healthcare providers 
have responded admirably to the pan-
demic and are doing heroic work to 
keep Americans safe and healthy. The 
House should reject this ill-timed and 
ill-advised legislation that will inhibit 
work and burden the healthcare indus-
try at exactly the wrong time. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Madam Speaker, just to clarify, the 
April 9 CBO report that came out, 
which, again, cited the numbers which 
were cited accurately by the opposi-
tion, is a number that is spread out 
over 200,000 facilities across the coun-
try. 
If you do the math, we are talking 
about $9,000 per facility per year. Ask 
yourself whether or not that figure, 
weighing the balance of what we are 
trying to protect here, which is peo-
ple’s health and lives, is worth it. 
I think most people would apply com-
mon sense to that and realize that it is 
not going to drive healthcare costs 
through the roof. In fact, it is going to 
protect workers and protect them from 
absenteeism. It is going to protect 
these institutions from high workers’ 
compensation costs. It is just common 
sense. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to 
the gentlewoman from Michigan (Ms. 
TLAIB). 
Ms. TLAIB. Madam Speaker, every-
one should feel safe at work, and they 
should be safe at work. 
I want to give testimony about 
Kenya, who is a 49-year-old certified 
nursing assistant. I want to bring her 
words here in the Congress to under-
stand what we are trying to do, who we 
are trying to protect. 
She said: ‘‘You don’t know if you are 
going to take the virus home to your 
family or not. I have two children, 16 
and 18, and a 1-year-old grandbaby that 
I worry about all the time. 
‘‘I have a designated place where I 
take my uniform off and my shoes off 
to keep my family safe. I come in, go 
directly to the basement, where I al-
ready have a change of clothes, strip 
all my clothes off, put all of my clothes 
directly into the washing machine. 
‘‘Then there is my mom. I am her 
only child now, so that is a big scare 
because who is going to take care of 
her? 
‘‘It is very scary for my family. They 
don’t want me to go back to work. But 
I have to go to work because I have to 
be able to take care of my family, and 
I tell them that my residents need 
me.’’ 
These are the human stories behind 
the fact that people right now are ask-
ing us, the United States Congress, to 
pass legislation that is long overdue to 
protect workers in some of the most 
high-stress, least-appreciated positions 
in our communities. 
These workers are on the front lines, 
day in and day out, serving vulnerable 
groups and facing rates of workplace 
violence at five times the rate of work-
ers in other communities. 
She is expressing in here just the 
stress of it and, on top of that, work-
place violence. 
Madam Speaker, I include in the 
RECORD a letter of support from SEIU 
on 
behalf 
of 
the 
over 
1 
million 
healthcare and social service workers 
across our country. 
SERVICE EMPLOYEES 
INTERNATIONAL UNION, 
Washington, DC, March 25, 2021. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE: On behalf of the 
over 1 million healthcare and social services 
workers of the Service Employees Inter-
national Union and the 80,000 nurses of the 
National Nurse Alliance of SEIU Healthcare 
whom have been on the frontlines of the 
COVID–19 pandemic, I urge you to support 
H.R. 1195, the Workplace Violence Preven-
tion for Health Care and Social Service 
Workers Act. 
Nurses are on the front lines of care, and 
workplace violence against healthcare work-
ers, especially nurses, is an enormous and 
underreported problem. Almost three quar-
ters of workplace violence injuries are suf-
fered by healthcare and social service work-
ers and these workers are nearly 5 times 
more likely to experience violence on the job 
than any other worker in the US. As nurses, 
we know that threats and violence are a 
major impediment to the essential care we 
provide. 
H.R. 1195 would direct the Occupational 
Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) to 
issue a federal workplace violence standard. 
This specific standard would require employ-
ers in health care and social service assist-
ance sectors to develop and implement a 
plan to protect workers from workplace vio-
lence. 
The legislation requires that employer pre-
vention plans be tailored to a specific work-
place and employee population. This is im-
portant to overcome the very dangerous 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:29 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00016
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A16AP7.024
H16APPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 15-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1863 
April 16, 2021 
myth that workplace violence is part of the 
job, essentially random or unpredictable, and 
therefore, not preventable. Workplace vio-
lence, in both health care and social service 
assistance settings, has clear patterns and 
identifiable risks. Research has found that 
evidence-based practices, when implemented 
consistently, can significantly reduce inci-
dents of workplace violence. 
We cannot expect nurses, who spend more 
time with patients than any other health 
care providers and have been at the forefront 
of providing care during the pandemic, to be 
able to deliver the high-quality care we were 
trained to provide under threat of violence 
and assault. A safe and violence-free work-
place is essential to good patient outcomes 
and an exceptional healthcare system. 
Essential workers have put their lives on 
the line throughout the pandemic and now 
elected leaders must meet their demands to 
be respected, protected and paid. We ask that 
you support H.R. 1195 and send a clear mes-
sage that message that Congress will not ig-
nore the harm and suffering caused to health 
care, behavioral health and social assistance 
workers by workplace violence. 
Sincerely, 
MARTHA BAKER, RN, 
President SEIU 1991, 
Chair, 
National 
Nurse 
Alliance 
of 
SEIU Healthcare. 
Ms. TLAIB. These are protections 
that should have long been in place and 
enforced. I urge my colleagues to sup-
port this legislation. 
When passed and signed into law, I 
urge OSHA to immediately work to 
issue the standards necessary to pro-
tect these workers. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Speaker, I 
yield an additional 30 seconds to the 
gentlewoman from Michigan. 
Ms. TLAIB. Madam Speaker, I gave 
that story of Kenya, who lives in 
Livonia, Michigan, because, on top of 
all of that, she was dealing with the 
number of protections that were lack-
ing in the workplace. 
Again, these are people who take 
care of our loved ones, take care of our 
sick, take care of those who are men-
tally ill, who need assistance, whose 
family members are not equipped for 
what they are trying to do. The least 
we can do, especially during this pan-
demic, is to offer them more protection 
and safety in the workplace. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
Madam Speaker, overbearing regula-
tions burden workers and stifle the 
economy. Preventing workplace vio-
lence in healthcare and social service 
settings is crucial, and we should get 
this done by allowing OSHA to issue 
standards through the normal rule-
making process, which brings all ex-
perts and parties, including small busi-
nesses, to the table. 
Short-circuiting 
the 
process 
and 
rushing to a conclusion eliminates val-
uable technical and scientific input 
and will lead to unintended con-
sequences, which could have a detri-
mental impact on workplace safety 
outcomes. 
A bipartisan solution was possible 
here, but once again, Democrats have 
kicked it to the curb. I urge a ‘‘no’’ 
vote on H.R. 1195, and I yield back the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself the balance of my time. 
Here is the good news. When we 
started this journey on this legislation 
back in 2013, a number of us requested 
a GAO report because we had heard an-
ecdotal evidence about the fact that 
healthcare workers were experiencing 
this really disturbing level of violence 
that was something that people had 
really never seen before. 
GAO took 3 years, very methodically, 
as only they do. They are the gold 
standard, in terms of research. They 
brought in all the studies and all the 
evaluations. They verified, sadly, all 
the statistics that we have talked 
about here on the floor today. Seventy- 
three percent of incidents happen in 
these two sectors. The fact is that they 
not only verified that, but they showed 
that those numbers are actually under-
reported. 
What is happening out there is be-
cause we don’t have any system that 
people can turn to when they are expe-
riencing this kind of unacceptable be-
havior. They basically are in a situa-
tion where, most of the time, they just 
are saying suck it up, shake it off, that 
is part of the job, just move on, don’t 
spend any time on that. 
In fact, what GAO told us is that the 
numbers that we are seeing in other 
sorts of reports underreport what is 
going on out there. 
We took that report, and we crafted 
legislation. We really did accommodate 
some of the issues that we have heard 
talked about on the floor here today, 
about ensuring that there is going to 
be an adequate comment period for all 
stakeholders. We want that. We under-
stand that the hospital association, 
just like the emergency room doctors, 
just like the nurses, should all have 
their opportunity to weigh in, in terms 
of what is a viable, workable standard. 
b 1015 
But what we don’t need is to have 
OSHA just sort of lapse into its noto-
rious dysfunctional delays in terms of 
developing a workforce standard. 
Mr. SCOTT ticked off, again, some of 
the most recent examples: 2017 beryl-
lium took 18 years, silica dust took 17 
years. 
Again, when the last administration 
came to the committee, they said, ‘‘We 
are going to start the process. We are 
going to begin a docket in terms of get-
ting a rulemaking.’’ 
And then the first scheduled date was 
delayed, and then the second scheduled 
date was delayed again, and on and on 
and on. Right now, today, as we stand 
here in this Chamber, there is nothing 
scheduled. 
When you really boil it down, where 
I think the disagreement exists—and I 
am happy to acknowledge that, but I 
think it is a meaningful distinction—is 
that we are going to put this agency on 
the clock. We are telling them that, 
you know, you can follow the proce-
dures, take the comment, but we are 
not going to sit back and allow this un-
acceptable 
trend 
to 
continue 
unaddressed. 
That agency was created back in the 
Nixon administration to protect Amer-
ica’s workers, and as the branch of gov-
ernment that created them, we want 
them to develop a standard in a reason-
able amount of time. 
Madam Speaker, this is not unprece-
dented. Congresses, in the past, have 
done this. During the last pandemic, 
during AIDS, we saw a blood-borne 
pathogen that was just totally sweep-
ing hospitals and healthcare institu-
tions all across the country, and we in-
tervened and put a clock on OSHA to 
develop a blood-borne pathogen work-
force standard. 
That is why, today, when you go to 
the 
hospitals, 
people 
are 
wearing 
gloves and using disposable needles. All 
that stuff that we take for granted 
now, that was OSHA. Actually, it was 
Congress who told OSHA to develop 
that standard. So we are in a situation 
here today in 2021 where, again, we are 
seeing something out there. 
I thank Ms. FOXX because she is not 
in denial, that is for sure. She really 
thoughtfully talked about what is driv-
ing some of this, but the fact is now it 
is time to act. I thank some of the Re-
publican Members who came forward 
because it is hard right now, but they 
came forward and cosponsored this bill. 
I hope, Madam Speaker, that the 
shared experience of the last year that 
this country went through is some-
thing people will think about when 
they vote later today and support this 
legislation. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, as 
senior member of the Committees on the Judi-
ciary, on Homeland Security, and on the 
Budget, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1195, 
the ‘‘Workplace Violence Prevention for Health 
Care and Social Service Workers Act,’’ which 
would establish within one year an Occupa-
tional 
Safety 
and 
Health 
Administration 
(‘‘OSHA’’) interim workplace standard requiring 
health care and social service providers to im-
plement workplace violence prevention plans, 
and which would establish a permanent OSHA 
standard within 42 months. 
Currently, there is no OSHA standard that 
requires employers to implement violence pre-
vention plans that would help reduce work-
place violence injuries among health care and 
social service workers. 
The lack of an enforceable standard means 
that OSHA, the federal agency created to pro-
tect workers’ safety, has few meaningful tools 
to protect health care workers from the threat 
of workplace violence. 
The Government Accountability Office has 
estimated, conservatively, that it takes OSHA 
at least 7 years to issue a standard. 
Seven years; Our healthcare workers have 
worked too hard and sacrificed too much for 
them to wait a minimum of seven more years 
before measures are in place to secure their 
basic physical safety. 
H.R. 1195 would provide health and social 
service workers the protection they deserve 
by: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:29 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00017
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A16AP7.023
H16APPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 16-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1864 
April 16, 2021 
Compelling OSHA to issue an interim final 
standard in one year and a final standard with-
in 42 months requiring employers within the 
health care and social service sectors to de-
velop and implement a workplace violence 
prevention plan. 
Identifying risks, specify solutions, and re-
quire training, reporting, and incident inves-
tigations. It would also provide protections 
from retaliation for reporting violent incidents. 
Protecting health care and social service 
workers in the public sector in the 24 states 
not covered by OSHA protections. 
Our nation’s caregivers—including nurses, 
social workers, and many others who dedicate 
their lives to caring for those in need—suffer 
workplace violence injuries at far higher rates 
than any other profession. 
While the previous administration relegated 
the OSHA standard protecting healthcare and 
social workers to the back burner, making no 
progress for 4 years, we will not do the same. 
Study 
after 
study has confirmed that 
healthcare workers are not adequately pro-
tected in the workplace. 
In 2014, OSHA reported that there are near-
ly 
as 
many 
serious 
violent 
injuries 
in 
healthcare as there are in all other industries 
combined. 
In 2018, the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics 
(BLS) reported that the rate of violence 
against health care workers increased more 
than 60 percent between 2011 and 2018. 
Just last year, the BLS reported that health 
care and social service workers were nearly 
five times as likely to suffer a serious work-
place violence injury than workers in other 
sectors. 
And this problem has been exacerbated by 
the influx of patients and stressors during the 
COVID–19 pandemic—according to National 
Nurses United, 20 percent of registered 
nurses across the U.S. reported increased 
workplace violence due to the pandemic. 
This is not a new problem; this is an old 
problem that has found fertile ground to grow 
during the COVID–19 pandemic due to an in-
flux of patients and increasing demands on 
our healthcare workers. 
In my home state of Texas, over 50 percent 
of nurses in Texas have reported being sub-
ject to workplace violence during the course of 
their career. 
A 2016 study by the Texas State Health 
Services found that in any given year: 
6 percent of Texas nurses experience sex-
ual harassment; 
12 percent of Texas nurses experience 
physical violence; 
Nearly half of all Texas nurses experience 
verbal abuse. 
The injuries healthcare workers take from 
workplace violence are not only physical; vic-
tims of workplace violence often suffer mental 
trauma that they will carry with them for the 
rest of their lives. 
One example is Bridgette Jenkins, a nurse 
for 20 years in Houston and professor at 
Houston Baptist University’s School of Nurs-
ing, who will not work in a psychiatric ward be-
cause 19 years ago a psychiatric patient hit 
her so hard that half her face became swollen 
and doctors encouraged her to get an x-ray to 
ensure her jaw wasn’t broken. 
Another is Norma Broadhurst, who testified 
before the Texas House of Representatives 
that she experienced a ‘‘traumatic amputation’’ 
of her right ring finger due to an intoxicated 
spring break patient biting off her finger. 
Workplace 
violence 
against 
healthcare 
workers is so ubiquitous that more than a third 
of Texas nurses surveyed who did not report 
a recent violent incident said they did so be-
cause it was ‘‘an accepted/expected part of 
the job’’ or because they did ‘‘not expect any-
thing to change.’’ 
One stark example of this is Kimberly 
Curtin, a nurse for nearly 28 years in Houston, 
who was punched in the side of the head by 
a patient as a young nurse. 
Her colleague who witnessed the attack 
said to her, ‘‘Welcome to ER.’’ 
As of 2019, according to the Texas Health 
and Human Services Commission, Harris 
County has 4,303 registered physicians and 
45,946 registered nurses. 
That is over 50,000 individuals in my district 
that have been on the front lines of the fight 
against the pandemic, where in addition to 
facing a historically deadly virus they have 
been spit on, cursed out, sexually harassed, 
and physically assaulted. 
I cannot stand by while knowing that these 
people I represent, who give so much to oth-
ers, who have a personal and professional ob-
ligation to ‘‘do no harm,’’ and who have a 
steadfast focus on helping patients, must re-
main constantly vigilant at their place of work 
due to potential threats to their physical safety. 
Madam Speaker, throughout this deadly 
COVID–19 pandemic, we have called our 
healthcare workers heroes, and we have 
lauded them for being the front line defense 
against this deadly violence. 
But words are only the first step towards ac-
tion, and action is what is needed here today. 
Although it is not enough, the very least we 
can do to repay their sacrifice and heroism is 
make sure healthcare workers everywhere are 
secure against violence from within their work-
place. 
I urge all members to join me in voting to 
pass H.R. 1195, the ‘‘Workplace Violence Pre-
vention for Health Care and Social Service 
Workers Act,’’ to reduce workplace violence 
injuries among health care and social service 
workers. 
[The Texas Tribune, Feb. 9, 2021] 
HALF OF TEXAS’ NURSES EXPERIENCE WORK-
PLACE VIOLENCE. A TEXAS LAWMAKER SAYS 
IT’S TIME TO PROTECT THEM. 
(By Shannon Najmabadi and Neelam Bohra) 
Steven D. Powell is a nurse with Texas 
Medical Center in Houston. Powell said vio-
lent patients have left him covered in 
bruises, but he more regularly faces verbal 
assaults. Credit: Shelby Tauber for The 
Texas Tribune 
State Rep. Donna Howard was working as 
an intensive care unit nurse in the 1970s 
when a patient pulled an intravenous drip 
out of his arm and walked toward her. She 
rushed to help him—but didn’t see the metal 
urinal he was clutching behind his back until 
it was too late. He smacked her in the jaw 
with it, knocking her across the room. ‘‘I 
was briefly stunned by the hit,’’ said Howard, 
then working at the Brackenridge hospital 
in Austin. ‘‘But I continued working.’’ 
For decades, health care workers have 
faced rampant violence in the workplace. 
Now praised as heroes of the pandemic, those 
front-line medical workers have been rou-
tinely scratched, bitten or verbally abused 
by patients. Well over half of Texas’ nurses 
reported being subject to workplace violence 
in their career, according to a 2016 state 
study. 
Nationwide, the rate of violence for health 
care workers increased more than 60% be-
tween 2011 and 2018, and the Occupational 
Safety and Health Administration has found 
the rate of serious violent incidents in 
health care is more than four times greater 
than for those in other industries. 
‘‘It is presumed to be a part of the job,’’ 
Howard, D-Austin, said of the violence. 
‘‘That’s not OK.’’ 
There are no federal laws that specifically 
target violence in nurses’ workplaces. OSHA 
does not require health care facilities to 
have 
violence 
prevention 
plans, 
though 
states like California and Washington have 
passed laws to do so. Howard has filed simi-
lar legislation in Texas that if passed this 
year, would place Texas in a vanguard of 
states that have backed similar protections 
for nurses. 
It would require health care providers to 
create committees to prevent workplace vio-
lence and to offer medical treatment and 
other services after a violent incident. It 
would also bar facilities from penalizing 
nurses who report abuse. 
‘‘They are there to take care of us. And I 
think we have a responsibility to take care 
of them,’’ Howard said, adding that this year 
especially, lawmakers have a moral obliga-
tion to take care of health care workers who 
have been risking their lives throughout the 
pandemic. 
State lawmakers have for years heard ex-
amples of the violence nurses face. 
Rep. Stephanie Klick, R–Fort Worth, who 
has worked as a nurse, said in a committee 
hearing that her wrist was broken by an el-
derly patient and that she had to have sur-
gery to repair it. 
Cindy Zolnierek, head of the Texas Nurses 
Association, said a patient tried to punch 
her in the face on her first day as a graduate 
nurse. She quickly stepped back to avoid 
being struck. 
And in 2013, an emergency room nurse 
named Norma Broadhurst told a panel of 
lawmakers she’d had a ‘‘traumatic amputa-
tion’’ of her right ring finger after it was bit-
ten off by an ‘‘intoxicated spring break pa-
tient’’ who she was trying to help. 
‘‘I will never have my finger back to wear 
the ring my grandmother gave me,’’ she said. 
‘‘Is this going to interfere with my wanting 
to help the next patient? . . . I am right- 
handed, everything I do involves this hand.’’ 
That year, the Legislature strengthened 
the penalties for assaulting emergency room 
workers, putting the offense on par with 
harming first responders. Lawmakers later 
signed off on creating a grant program to 
find creative ways to lower the number of 
verbal and physical attacks against nurses. 
Those efforts have been focused on training, 
trying to quickly identify patients at high 
risk of lashing out, or raising public aware-
ness about the rate of violence, Zolnierek 
said. 
Nurse advocates say that a proactive ap-
proach is essential to stop assaults before 
they happen and leave health care workers 
and patients traumatized by the experience. 
‘‘Many members of the general public, 
they’re like, ’Are you kidding me? People as-
sault nurses?’ They don’t understand that 
it’s a problem,’’ Zolnierek said. 
In Texas, more than a third of nurses sur-
veyed for a 2016 report who did not report a 
recent violent incident said it was because it 
was ‘‘anaccepted/ expected part of the job’’ 
or because they did ‘‘not expect anything to 
change.’’ About a quarter of nurses—and 
nearly a third of those in freestanding emer-
gency centers—said their employer was not 
at all or only ‘‘slightly effective’’ at man-
aging workplace violence. 
It’s not just nurses. Respiratory therapists, 
dietary aides and other health care workers 
all face violence. Nearly half of emergency 
physicians have reported being physically as-
saulted at work. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:29 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00018
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A16AP7.022
H16APPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 17-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1865 
April 16, 2021 
Dr. Theresa Tran, an assistant professor of 
emergency medicine at the Baylor College of 
Medicine, said violence is an ‘‘unfortunate 
commonality’’ in emergency rooms every-
where and something workers there have to 
always be ‘‘vigilant’’ about. 
An OSHA webpage says people who work in 
hospitals, nursing homes and other health 
care facilities face ‘‘significant risks’’ of vio-
lence, in part because they may work closely 
with people who have a history of violence or 
are under the influence of drugs. A state re-
port said nurses have the ‘‘highest risk’’ 
among health professionals because of how 
often they interact with patients. 
Zolnierek said nurses may be viewed as 
‘‘non threatening’’ and may be vulnerable to 
being struck because they work in close 
proximity to patients. There can also be out-
dated sex-based stereotypes of nurses—about 
88% of whom are women—as being passive or 
doctors’ 
‘‘handmaids,’’ 
said 
Zolnierek, 
though both male and female nurses experi-
ence sexual harassment from patients. 
Daniel Funtong, a nurse who works in 
North Texas, said older patients sometimes 
react poorly to pain medication, in some 
cases threatening nurses with knives or 
spoons that are served with meals. 
‘‘I don’t think they understand the mag-
nitude, because after going through . . . 
trauma or injury and then the recovery proc-
ess, and sometimes that brain doesn’t func-
tion as normal,’’ Funtong said. 
A variety of factors can spark aggression 
or a violent outburst from patients. The 
presence of needles can trigger violence, and 
patients who want to leave the hospital or 
who are frustrated with waiting could be 
more prone to erupt, according to research-
ers who analyzed a year of incident reports 
at a hospital system in the midwest. 
In other cases, patients’ family members 
have lashed out if they think the health care 
worker isn’t doing enough to care for their 
loved one. 
Nurses and physicians ‘‘constantly’’ feel 
threatened by patients and family members, 
Funtong said, and have been trained to iden-
tify crisis-type situations and alert building 
security if needed. He wishes police would 
work closely with health care facilities’ pri-
vate security to more promptly intervene 
with violent patients. 
Registered nurse Steven Powell said vio-
lent patients have left him covered in 
bruises, but he more regularly faces verbal 
assaults. Recently, a patient called him a ra-
cial slur—an occurrence that’s not uncom-
mon for nurses, according to experts. 
‘‘When you look at the workforce for 
nurses, it’s a very diverse landscape,’’ he 
said. ‘‘The violence that they can experience 
from a verbal nature, threats due to their 
culture—they may keep it to themselves or 
not respond in the same manner that every-
one would, having a plan like this that en-
courages reporting.’’ 
Powell, who also works as a traveling 
nurse, said health care facilities he worked 
at in the Houston and Dallas areas were un-
prepared for the pandemic—and that lack of 
readiness extends to how they plan for vio-
lence. 
‘‘Not all facilities are taking the steps nec-
essary to protect their staff,’’ Powell said. 
Some 82% of Texas nurses report being ver-
bally abused, which can include yelling, 
swearing and the use of hurtful words, ac-
cording to the 2016 state report. Nearly half 
also reported physical violence like being 
hit, slapped or choked. 
The threat of violence or abuse can take a 
heavy toll, leaving health care workers with 
injuries, psychological trauma or decreased 
morale. Nurseswho face violence may trust 
their employers or coworkers less, become 
more guarded when treating patients or even 
leave the profession—while Texas faces a 
shortage of nurses. 
‘‘One abusive patient can negate 25 lovely 
patients, and it just hurts you on so many 
levels, more than just the physical,’’ said 
Mary Ball, a registered nurse at Parkland 
Health & Hospital System. Ball said a co- 
worker was recently bitten by a patient who 
drew blood, and that the hospital doesn’t 
provide enough information to staff or the 
public about safety issues. 
Ball, who is still in therapy after being 
robbed at gunpoint in an employee parking 
lot almost two years ago, said she wishes 
more armed officers were present in and out-
side the hospital and said that restraints 
should be more frequently used to protect 
them from potentially violent patients. 
A Parkland spokesperson said the hospital 
‘‘puts out a great deal of information about 
safety and discusses these matters regularly 
in our system-wide town halls, which is open 
to all employees.’’ Police officers are also 
present to protect patients and employees. 
The Dallas-based hospital has used other 
initiatives to try to reduce workplace vio-
lence. It created a free course a few years 
ago to raise awareness about the prevalence 
of workplace violence and to teach employ-
ees and nursing students how to protect 
themselves. 
It 
also 
purchased 
wearable 
alarm systems for employees that can emit a 
piercing noise if they need help and are not 
near a panic button, said Karen Garvey, 
Parkland’s vice president of safety and clin-
ical risk management. 
Ball said the wearable alarm wouldn’t have 
helped her when she was being robbed. 
Workplace violence is thought to be vastly 
underreported among health care workers, in 
part because of a professional obligation to 
‘‘do no harm,’’ and a steadfast focus on help-
ing patients, even those who hurt them, ac-
cording to experts. Some health care work-
ers who experience violence may not want to 
blame or shame violent patients who are ill 
or affected by medication. Others may be re-
luctant to report violence because they view 
it as part of their job, fear retaliation from 
their employer or are deterred by the time 
and administrative hassle of going through 
the process, experts say. 
They may think, ‘‘‘Nothing ever happens 
when I report so why should I bother?’’’ said 
Judy Arnetz, a professor at Michigan State 
University who for decades has studied work-
place violence in the health care sector. 
Some health care workers may also sym-
pathize with the patient and think they 
‘‘didn’t mean to hurt me, that patient . . . 
suffers from dementia or was under the influ-
ence,’’ she said. 
Though awareness about workplace vio-
lence has grown, there’s still a dearth of in-
formation about how frequently it erupts 
and affects health care workers, largely be-
cause of a lack of reporting, said Arnetz, one 
of the researchers who analyzed incidents at 
the Midwestern hospital system. 
Health care workers and experts have said 
hospitals can add more security guards or 
metal detectors and instill a culture of vio-
lence prevention to help deter workplace vio-
lence. They should also better understand 
where violence is occurring and why. Violent 
outbursts have been reported more fre-
quently in emergency rooms or psychiatric 
facilities, where people may be anxious, 
stressed, in pain or under other kinds of psy-
chological strain, experts have said. But it 
can still happen in other health care set-
tings, and workers there may be less pre-
pared to deal with the violence. 
Tran, the emergency room physician, said 
health care workers’ role in stabilizing pa-
tients and trying to find physical or mental 
issues that they cari address can add a com-
plicated layer to the violence. 
‘‘I think health care workers, especially 
physicians and nurses in the ER, tolerate vi-
olence more than other industries because 
we see ourselves in a position where we’re 
supposed to help patients and look past any 
aggressions on ourselves,’’ she said. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate has expired. 
Each further amendment printed in 
part C of House Report 117–15 not ear-
lier considered as part of amendments 
en bloc pursuant to section 6 of House 
Resolution 303, shall be considered only 
in the order printed in the report, may 
be offered only by a Member designated 
in the report, shall be considered as 
read, shall be debatable for the time 
specified in the report equally divided 
and controlled by the proponent and an 
opponent, may be withdrawn by the 
proponent at any time before the ques-
tion is put thereon, shall not be subject 
to amendment, and shall not be subject 
to a demand for division of the ques-
tion. 
It shall be in order at any time for 
the chair of the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor or his designee to 
offer amendments en bloc consisting of 
further amendments printed in part C 
of House Report 117–15 not earlier dis-
posed of. Amendments en bloc shall be 
considered as read, shall be debatable 
for 20 minutes equally divided and con-
trolled by the chair and ranking minor-
ity member of the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor or their respective 
designees, shall not be subject to 
amendment, and shall not be subject to 
a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC OFFERED BY MR. 
COURTNEY OF CONNECTICUT 
Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Speaker, as 
the designee of the chairman of the 
Education and Labor Committee, and 
pursuant to section 6 of House Resolu-
tion 303, I rise to offer amendments en 
bloc. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will designate the amendments 
en bloc. 
Amendments en bloc consisting of 
amendment Nos. 1, 2, 3, 4, and 6, print-
ed in part C of House Report 117–15, of-
fered by Mr. COURTNEY of Connecticut: 
AMENDMENT NO. 1 OFFERED BY MR. BROWN OF 
MARYLAND 
On page 17, after line 21, insert the fol-
lowing: 
(D) Additional training shall be provided 
for each such covered employee whose job 
circumstances require working with victims 
of torture, trafficking, or domestic violence. 
Beginning on page 17, line 22, and ending 
on page 18, line 13, redesignate subpara-
graphs (D) through (G) as subparagraphs (E) 
through (H). 
AMENDMENT NO. 2 OFFERED BY MR. COHEN OF 
TENNESSEE 
Page 8, line 3, strike ‘‘and’’ and insert 
‘‘Alzheimer’s and memory care facility, and’’ 
AMENDMENT NO. 3 OFFERED BY MR. DELGADO OF 
NEW YORK 
Page 4, line 6, strike ‘‘and’’. 
Page 4, line 12, strike the period and insert 
‘‘; and’’. 
Page 4, after line 12, insert the following: 
(C) that provides for a period determined 
appropriate by the Secretary, not to exceed 
1 year, during which the Secretary shall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:29 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00019
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A16AP7.039
H16APPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 18-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1866 
April 16, 2021 
prioritize technical assistance and advice 
consistent with section 21(d) of the Occupa-
tional Safety and Health Act of 1970 (29 
U.S.C. 670(d)) to employers subject to the 
standard with respect to compliance with 
the standard. 
AMENDMENT NO. 4 OFFERED BY MR. JONES OF 
NEW YORK 
Page 11, line 18, strike ‘‘shall’’. 
Page 11, line 19, insert ‘‘shall’’ before ‘‘be’’. 
Page 11, line 23, insert ‘‘shall’’ before ‘‘be’’. 
Page 12, line 2, strike ‘‘and’’ at the end. 
Page 12, line 3, insert ‘‘shall’’ before ‘‘be’’. 
Page 12, line 6, strike the period at the end 
and insert ‘‘; and’’. 
Page 12, after line 6, insert the following: 
(iv) may be in consultation with stake-
holders or experts who specialize in work-
place violence prevention, emergency re-
sponse, or other related areas of expertise for 
all relevant aspects of the Plan. 
AMENDMENT NO. 6 OFFERED BY MS. OCASIO- 
CORTEZ OF NEW YORK 
Page 26, line 25, strike ‘‘and’’. 
Page 27, line 4, strike the period and insert 
‘‘; and’’. 
Page 27, after line 4, insert the following: 
(4) nothing in this Act shall be construed 
to limit or diminish any protections in rel-
evant Federal, State, or local law related 
to— 
(A) domestic violence; 
(B) stalking; 
(C) dating violence; and 
(D) sexual assault. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 303, the gen-
tleman from Connecticut (Mr. COURT-
NEY) and the gentlewoman from North 
Carolina (Ms. FOXX) each will control 
10 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Connecticut. 
Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in support of 
the amendments en bloc. 
These five amendments will: one, di-
rect OSHA to prioritize providing tech-
nical assistance and advice to employ-
ers to promote compliance during the 
first year; two, clarify that nothing in 
this act will limit existing protections 
against domestic violence, stalking, or 
sexual violence; three, clarify that em-
ployers can consult experts when devel-
oping their workplace violence preven-
tion plans; four, provide additional 
training to workers who interact with 
survivors of torture, trafficking, and 
domestic violence; and, five, adds Alz-
heimer’s and memory care facilities as 
facilities covered by this legislation. 
These amendments make meaningful 
improvements to the bill, and I urge a 
‘‘yes’’ vote on the amendments en bloc. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to 
the gentleman from New York (Mr. 
JONES). 
Mr. JONES. Madam Speaker, my 
amendment makes a simple change 
that would help improve the develop-
ment of workplace violence prevention 
plans required under H.R. 1195, the 
Workplace 
Violence 
Prevention 
for 
Health Care and Social Service Work-
ers Act. 
As you know, our Nation’s nurses, so-
cial workers, and other caregivers suf-
fer from workplace violence injuries at 
far higher rates than any other profes-
sion. In fact, these workers are nearly 
five times as likely to suffer a serious 
workplace violence injury than work-
ers in other sectors, according to the 
Bureau of Labor Statistics. 
The underlying legislation would re-
quire employers within these sectors to 
develop and implement a workplace vi-
olence prevention plan to reduce the 
incidence of injuries and create safer 
working conditions for their workers. 
In order to ensure that covered em-
ployers in the healthcare and social 
service industries develop thoughtful 
and comprehensive workplace violence 
prevention plans, my amendment clari-
fies that employers are able to out-
reach to experts and specialists who 
lead in the issue of workplace violence. 
Healthcare and social service work-
ers have unique needs and face many 
difficult challenges in the workplace. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Speaker, I 
yield an additional 15 seconds to the 
gentleman from New York. 
Mr. JONES. Madam Speaker, I in-
clude in the RECORD a letter of support 
for H.R. 1195 from the CEO of AIHA, 
Mr. Sloan. 
AIHA. 
SUPPORT FOR H.R. 1195, WORKPLACE VIOLENCE 
PREVENTION FOR HEALTH CARE AND SOCIAL 
SERVICE WORKERS ACT 
Rep. ROBERT C. ‘‘BOBBY’’ SCOTT, 
Chair, Education and Labor Committee, 
House of Representatives. 
Rep. VIRGINIA FOXX, 
Ranking Member, Education and Labor Com-
mittee, House of Representatives. 
DEAR CHAIRMAN SCOTT, RANKING MEMBER 
FOXX, AND MEMBERS OF THE COMMITTEE: On 
behalf of AIHA, which represents scientists 
and professionals committed to preserving 
and ensuring occupational and environ-
mental health and safety in the workplace 
and community, I urge you to quickly ap-
prove H.R. 1195, the Workplace Violence Pre-
vention for Health Care and Social Service 
Workers Act. 
AIHA supports this bipartisan bill, which 
has 120 cosponsors and would address work-
place violence in health care and social serv-
ice settings. Violence in these industries re-
mains a leading cause of traumatic work-
place injury and death in the US. The bill 
would help solve this problem by requiring 
covered employers to develop and implement 
comprehensive workplace violence preven-
tion plans that are tailored to meet their in-
dividual needs. 
AIHA looks forward to our continued work 
together on workplace violence and other oc-
cupational and environmental health and 
safety issues. 
Sincerely, 
LAWRENCE D. SLOAN, 
Chief Executive Officer, 
AIHA. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
We 
all 
agree 
American 
workers 
should be kept out of harm’s way on 
the job so they can safely and healthily 
return home to their families. These 
caregivers 
deserve 
protections, 
but 
H.R. 1195 is the wrong approach to ad-
dress the important issue of workplace 
violence. 
I am disappointed by the lack of ef-
fort to develop a workable bipartisan 
solution to combat workplace violence 
before 
this 
flawed 
legislation 
was 
rushed to the floor by Democrat lead-
ers in Congress. 
In fact, committee Democrats chose 
not to hold a legislative hearing fo-
cused on this bill. Unfortunately, the 
Democrat amendments only reinforce 
that H.R. 1195 is the wrong approach to 
addressing this important issue. 
Representative BROWN’s amendment, 
while well-intentioned, ignores the fact 
that there are Federal agencies other 
than OSHA that would be better 
equipped to handle a regulatory re-
quirement 
for 
the 
education 
of 
healthcare and social service workers 
who work with the victims of torture, 
trafficking, or domestic violence. 
The question of whether employer 
education 
programs 
governed 
by 
OSHA, 
the 
Federal 
Government’s 
workplace safety agency, are appro-
priate to address the objectives of this 
amendment should be thoroughly vet-
ted and discussed during the rule-
making process before decisions im-
pacting healthcare facilities and their 
patients are made. H.R. 1195 does not 
allow for this to occur. 
Representative COHEN’s amendment 
is also well-intentioned, but will uni-
laterally expand the reach of a flawed 
regulation to include numerous small 
facilities. 
This is particularly problematic be-
cause H.R. 1195 precludes the oppor-
tunity for OSHA to conduct a Small 
Business Regulatory Enforcement and 
Fairness Act panel prior to a regula-
tion being written, a key element in 
the process which considers the impact 
of proposed regulatory changes on 
small businesses. The implications of 
such a proposal should be carefully 
evaluated 
through 
the 
established 
OSHA rulemaking process before a de-
cision is made regarding expansion to 
additional facilities. 
With 
regard 
to 
Representative 
DELGADO’s amendment, I agree with his 
assessment that employers will need 
compliance assistance and technical 
help from OSHA in order to understand 
the complex and burdensome new rule 
mandated by this bill. 
However, this amendment is little 
more than window dressing. While 
technical assistance is always welcome 
and appropriate for a rule of this com-
plexity, this amendment places an ar-
bitrary time limit that is woefully in-
sufficient to cope with a rushed and 
flawed rule. Moreover, technical assist-
ance after employers are subject to a 
rule in which they had no input is too 
little, too late. 
Rather than amend a flawed bill by 
allowing the Department of Labor to 
help businesses after the fact, we 
should reject this bill and instead allow 
OSHA to pursue its established rule-
making process that provides ample 
opportunity for feedback from stake-
holders and the public, which will en-
sure a better product and eliminate the 
need for this type of amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:29 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00020
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A16AP7.037
H16APPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 19-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1867 
April 16, 2021 
Representative 
JONES’ 
amendment 
puts the cart before the horse. Con-
sultation with outside experts regard-
ing compliance should occur while a 
regulation is being written by OSHA 
and before it is issued so the final prod-
uct takes this expertise into account. 
This amendment simply adds yet an-
other costly mandate on employers. 
H.R. 1195, which requires OSHA to 
issue an interim final rule within 1 
year, short-circuits the opportunity for 
the agency to hear from experts before 
a rushed rule is issued. This amend-
ment is a feeble attempt to correct this 
critical flaw. 
I believe, Madam Speaker, that every 
Member of this Chamber is committed 
to ensuring American workers are safe 
in the workplace. I appreciate Mr. 
COURTNEY’s very kind comments about 
my concern for this personally, but I 
can say every Republican feels this 
way. 
Our Nation’s caregivers, who have 
been on the front lines of responding to 
the COVID–19 pandemic, are deserving 
of a responsible, workable, and thor-
ough response to the serious issue of 
violence in the workplace. However, 
this legislation is a far cry from a sen-
sible or workable solution. 
H.R. 1195 is overly prescriptive and 
heavy-handed and takes the wrong ap-
proach, prejudging and imposing a 
rushed regulation without allowing for 
necessary stakeholder input. Unfortu-
nately, the Democrat amendments do 
nothing to change this fact. 
Madam Speaker, I urge my col-
leagues to oppose the Democrat amend-
ments en bloc and the underlying bill, 
and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 21⁄2
minutes to the gentleman 
from Tennessee (Mr. COHEN). 
Mr. COHEN. Madam Speaker, I ap-
preciate Mr. COURTNEY for yielding to 
me, and I appreciate him for bringing 
this bill. He has a long history of now 
15 years of looking out for workers, la-
borers, and their fair place in our coun-
try, and I thank him for that. 
Over 
the 
past 
13 
months, 
our 
healthcare and social service workers 
have gone over and beyond in their ef-
forts to keep us healthy and free dur-
ing this COVID–19 pandemic. This bill, 
the Workplace Violence Prevention for 
Health Care and Social Service Work-
ers Act, is one way Congress can help 
keep them healthy and look out for 
their safety. 
This amendment is a simple one. It 
simply says that Alzheimer’s and mem-
ory care facilities are added to the type 
of residential treatment facilities cov-
ered by this bill. Alzheimer’s and mem-
ory care facilities are sometimes over-
looked in the definition and should not 
be. 
With 
our 
aging 
population, 
Alz-
heimer’s and dementia is growing in 
prevalence. In the United States, more 
than 5.5 million people now are living 
with Alzheimer’s. The number is ex-
pected to increase to 14 million people 
by 2060. Alzheimer’s is the sixth lead-
ing cause of death in our country, but 
third among senior citizens, behind 
only cancer and heart disease. This in-
crease in Alzheimer’s diagnoses means 
more healthcare workers and social 
workers will be needed to help patients 
and their families to try to manage 
this disease and cope with the effects. 
This bill doesn’t only help the work-
ers, but it helps the victims of these 
diseases that put them in the institu-
tions by making it more likely that 
people will want to go into those pro-
fessions and not fear for their health. 
As anyone who has or had a loved one 
with 
Alzheimer’s 
knows 
that 
Alz-
heimer’s patients can become aggres-
sive for many reasons. Sometimes it is 
just the inability to grasp a subject or 
to remember something or they are 
hungry or whatever, and they get vio-
lent. 
b 1030 
That is the reason oftentimes they 
are put into long-term facilities caring 
for Alzheimer’s patients, and that is 
going to continue to grow. They have 
these 
outbursts 
of 
aggression. 
Healthcare professionals and social 
service workers need to be protected 
similar to their colleagues that work 
in residential treatment facilities. 
I appreciate your consideration. I ap-
preciate this amendment being put in 
the en bloc. Hopefully, we pass it and 
pass the bill and we look out for 
healthcare workers and the people who 
are the beneficiaries of their work. And 
they will need more and more service 
providers as the years go on. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I believe 
I have the right to close, and I apolo-
gize for neglecting to say I oppose the 
amendment at the beginning. 
I believe I have the right to close, 
therefore, I will reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Speaker, 
again, I support the en bloc as stated 
earlier, and I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, again, I 
want to thank Mr. COURTNEY for the 
comments he has made during this de-
bate today. He has been a very kind 
colleague. 
However, what we should be doing is 
more debating of some of the under-
lying issues that are creating this in-
creased workplace violence, and we are 
not doing that as a Congress. 
We need to be looking at why these 
things that are happening are hap-
pening. And I am sorry that we are not 
doing that. And I am sorry we are 
doing a rushed product here when we 
could be working together. 
Madam Speaker, I urge my col-
leagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the en bloc 
amendments and ‘‘no’’ on the under-
lying bill, and I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 303, the pre-
vious 
question 
is 
ordered 
on 
the 
amendments en bloc printed in part C 
of House Report 117–15 offered by the 
gentleman 
from 
Connecticut 
(Mr. 
COURTNEY). 
The question is on the amendments 
en bloc. 
The en bloc amendments were agreed 
to. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
AMENDMENT NO. 5 OFFERED BY MR. KELLER 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is now 
in order to consider amendment No. 5 
printed in part C of House Report 117– 
15. 
Mr. KELLER. Madam Speaker, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Workplace 
Violence Prevention for Health Care and So-
cial Service Workers Act’’. 
SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents for this Act is as fol-
lows: 
Sec. 1. Short title. 
Sec. 2. Table of contents. 
TITLE I—WORKPLACE VIOLENCE 
PREVENTION STANDARD 
Sec. 101. Final standard. 
Sec. 102. Scope and application. 
Sec. 103. Requirements for workplace vio-
lence prevention standard. 
Sec. 104. Rules of construction. 
Sec. 105. Other definitions. 
TITLE II—AMENDMENTS TO THE SOCIAL 
SECURITY ACT 
Sec. 201. Application of the workplace vio-
lence prevention standard to 
certain 
facilities 
receiving 
Medicare funds. 
TITLE I—WORKPLACE VIOLENCE 
PREVENTION STANDARD 
SEC. 101. FINAL STANDARD. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Labor 
shall promulgate a final standard on work-
place violence prevention— 
(1) to require certain employers in the 
healthcare and social service sectors, and 
certain employers in sectors that conduct 
activities similar to the activities in the 
healthcare and social service sectors, to de-
velop and implement a comprehensive work-
place violence prevention plan to protect 
health care workers, social service workers, 
and other personnel from workplace vio-
lence; and 
(2) that may be based on the Guidelines for 
Preventing 
Workplace 
Violence 
for 
Healthcare and Social Service Workers pub-
lished by the Occupational Safety and 
Health Administration of the Department of 
Labor in 2015 and adhere to the requirements 
of this title. 
(b) EFFECTIVE
DATE
OF
STANDARD.—The 
final standard shall— 
(1) take effect on a date that is not later 
than 60 days after promulgation, except that 
such final standard may include a reasonable 
phase-in period for the implementation of re-
quired engineering controls that take effect 
after such date; and 
(2) be enforced in the same manner and to 
the same extent as any standard promul-
gated under section 6(b) of the Occupational 
Safety and Health Act of 1970 (29 U.S.C. 
655(b)). 
(c) EDUCATIONAL OUTREACH.— 
(1) DURING RULEMAKING.—During the period 
beginning on the date the Secretary com-
mences rulemaking under this section and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:29 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00021
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K16AP7.025
H16APPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 20-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1868 
April 16, 2021 
ending on the effective date of the final 
standard promulgated under this section, the 
Secretary of Labor shall engage in an edu-
cational campaign for covered employees 
and covered employers regarding workplace 
violence prevention in health care and social 
service industries on the materials of the Oc-
cupational Safety and Health Administra-
tion on workplace violence prevention for 
such industries. 
(2) REQUIREMENTS OF FINAL STANDARD.—Be-
ginning on the date on which the final stand-
ard is promulgated under this section, the 
Secretary shall engage in an educational 
campaign for covered employees and covered 
employers on the requirements of such final 
standard. 
SEC. 102. SCOPE AND APPLICATION. 
In this title: 
(1) COVERED FACILITY.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—The term ‘‘covered facil-
ity’’ means a facility with respect to which 
the Secretary determines that requirements 
of the final standard promulgated under sec-
tion 101(a) would be reasonably necessary or 
appropriate, and which may include the fol-
lowing: 
(i) Any hospital, including any specialty 
hospital. 
(ii) Any residential treatment facility, in-
cluding any nursing home, skilled nursing 
facility, hospice facility, and long-term care 
facility. 
(iii) Any medical treatment or social serv-
ice setting or clinic at a correctional or de-
tention facility. 
(iv) Any community-based residential fa-
cility, group home, and mental health clinic. 
(v) Any psychiatric treatment facility. 
(vi) Any drug abuse or substance use dis-
order treatment center. 
(vii) Any independent freestanding emer-
gency centers. 
(viii) Any facility described in subpara-
graphs (A) through (G) operated by a Federal 
Government agency and required to comply 
with occupational safety and health stand-
ards pursuant to section 1960 of title 29, Code 
of Federal Regulations (as such section is in 
effect on the date of enactment of this Act). 
(B) EXCLUSION.—The term ‘‘covered facil-
ity’’ does not include an office of a physi-
cian, dentist, podiatrist, or any other health 
practitioner that is not physically located 
within a covered facility described in sub-
paragraphs (A) through (H) of paragraph (1). 
(2) COVERED SERVICES.—The term ‘‘covered 
service’’— 
(A) includes— 
(i) any services and operations provided in 
home health care, home-based hospice, and 
home-based social work; 
(ii) any emergency medical services and 
transport, including such services when pro-
vided by firefighters and emergency respond-
ers; 
(iii) any services described in clauses (i) 
and (ii) performed by a Federal Government 
agency and required to comply with occupa-
tional safety and health standards pursuant 
to section 1960 of title 29, Code of Federal 
Regulations (as such section is in effect on 
the date of enactment of this Act); and 
(iv) any other services and operations the 
Secretary determines should be covered 
under the standards promulgated under sec-
tion 101; and 
(B) does not include child day care serv-
ices. 
(3) COVERED EMPLOYER.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—The term ‘‘covered em-
ployer’’ includes a person (including a con-
tractor, subcontractor, or a temporary serv-
ice firm) that employs an individual to work 
at a covered facility or to perform covered 
services. 
(B) EXCLUSION.—The term ‘‘covered em-
ployer’’ does not include an individual who 
privately employs a person to perform cov-
ered services for the individual or a friend or 
family member of the individual. 
(4) COVERED
EMPLOYEE.—The term ‘‘cov-
ered employee’’ includes an individual em-
ployed by a covered employer to work at a 
covered facility or to perform covered serv-
ices. 
SEC. 103. REQUIREMENTS FOR WORKPLACE VIO-
LENCE PREVENTION STANDARD. 
Each standard described in section 101 may 
include the following requirements: 
(1) 
WORKPLACE
VIOLENCE
PREVENTION 
PLAN.—Not later than 6 months after the 
date of promulgation of the final standard 
under section 101(a), a covered employer 
shall develop, implement, and maintain a 
written workplace violence prevention plan 
for covered employees at each covered facil-
ity and for covered employees performing a 
covered service on behalf of such employer, 
which meets the following: 
(A) PLAN DEVELOPMENT.—Each Plan shall— 
(i) subject to subparagraph (D), be devel-
oped and implemented with the meaningful 
participation of direct care employees and, 
where applicable, employee representatives, 
for all aspects of the Plan; 
(ii) be applicable to conditions and hazards 
for the covered facility or the covered serv-
ice, including patient-specific risk factors 
and risk factors specific to each work area or 
unit; and 
(iii) be suitable for the size, complexity, 
and type of operations at the covered facility 
or for the covered service, and remain in ef-
fect at all times. 
(B) PLAN
CONTENT.—Each Plan shall in-
clude procedures and methods for the fol-
lowing: 
(i) Identification of each individual or the 
job title of each individual responsible for 
implementation of the Plan. 
(ii) With respect to each work area and 
unit at the covered facility or while covered 
employees are performing the covered serv-
ice, risk assessment and identification of 
workplace violence risks and hazards to em-
ployees exposed to such risks and hazards 
(including environmental risk factors and 
patient-specific risk factors), which may 
be— 
(I) informed by past violent incidents spe-
cific to such covered facility or such covered 
service; and 
(II) conducted with— 
(aa) representative direct care employees; 
(bb) where applicable, the representatives 
of such employees; and 
(cc) the employer. 
(iii) Hazard prevention, engineering con-
trols, or work practice controls to correct, in 
a timely manner, hazards that the employer 
creates or controls which— 
(I) may include security and alarm sys-
tems, adequate exit routes, monitoring sys-
tems, barrier protection, established areas 
for patients and clients, lighting, entry pro-
cedures, staffing and working in teams, and 
systems to identify and flag clients with a 
history of violence; and 
(II) shall ensure that employers correct, in 
a timely manner, hazards identified in the 
annual report described in paragraph (5) that 
the employer creates or controls. 
(iv) Reporting, incident response, and post- 
incident investigation procedures, including 
procedures— 
(I) for employees to report to the employer 
workplace violence risks, hazards, and inci-
dents; 
(II) for employers to respond to reports of 
workplace violence; 
(III) for employers to perform a post-inci-
dent investigation and debriefing of all re-
ports of workplace violence with the partici-
pation of employees and their representa-
tives; and 
(IV) to provide medical care or first aid to 
affected employees. 
(v) Procedures for emergency response, in-
cluding procedures for threats of mass cas-
ualties and procedures for incidents involv-
ing a firearm or a dangerous weapon. 
(vi) Procedures for communicating with 
and educating of covered employees on work-
place violence hazards, threats, and work 
practice controls, the employer’s plan, and 
procedures for confronting, responding to, 
and reporting workplace violence threats, in-
cidents, and concerns, and employee rights. 
(vii) Procedures for ensuring the coordina-
tion of risk assessment efforts, Plan develop-
ment, and implementation of the Plan with 
other employers who have employees who 
work at the covered facility or who are per-
forming the covered service. 
(viii) Procedures for conducting the annual 
evaluation under paragraph (6). 
(C) AVAILABILITY
OF
PLAN.—Each Plan 
shall be made available at all times to the 
covered employees who are covered under 
such Plan. 
(D) 
CLARIFICATION.—The 
requirement 
under subparagraph (A)(i) shall not be con-
strued to require that all direct care employ-
ees and employee representatives participate 
in the development and implementation of 
the Plan. 
(2) VIOLENT INCIDENT INVESTIGATION.— 
(A) IN
GENERAL.—As soon as practicable 
after a workplace violence incident, of which 
a covered employer has knowledge, the em-
ployer shall conduct an investigation of such 
incident, under which the employer shall— 
(i) review the circumstances of the inci-
dent and whether any controls or measures 
implemented pursuant to the Plan of the em-
ployer were effective; and 
(ii) solicit input from involved employees, 
their representatives, and supervisors, about 
the cause of the incident, and whether fur-
ther corrective measures (including system- 
level factors) could have prevented the inci-
dent, risk, or hazard. 
(B) DOCUMENTATION.—A covered employer 
shall document the findings, recommenda-
tions, and corrective measures taken for 
each investigation conducted under this 
paragraph. 
(3) EDUCATION.—With respect to the cov-
ered employees covered under a Plan of a 
covered employer, the employer shall pro-
vide education to such employees who may 
be exposed to workplace violence hazards 
and risks, which meet the following require-
ments: 
(A) Annual education includes information 
on the Plan, including identified workplace 
violence hazards, work practice control 
measures, reporting procedures, record keep-
ing requirements, response procedures, and 
employee rights. 
(B) Additional hazard recognition edu-
cation for supervisors and managers to en-
sure they can recognize high-risk situations 
and do not assign employees to situations 
that predictably compromise their safety. 
(C) Additional education for each such cov-
ered employee whose job circumstances has 
changed, within a reasonable timeframe 
after such change. 
(D) Applicable new employee education 
prior to employee’s job assignment. 
(E) All education provides such employees 
opportunities to ask questions, give feedback 
on such education, and request additional in-
struction, clarification, or other followup. 
(F) All education is provided in-person or 
online and by an individual with knowledge 
of workplace violence prevention and of the 
Plan. 
(G) All education is appropriate in content 
and vocabulary to the language, educational 
level, and literacy of such covered employ-
ees. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:29 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00022
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A16AP7.004
H16APPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 21-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1869 
April 16, 2021 
(4) RECORDKEEPING
AND
ACCESS
TO
PLAN 
RECORDS.— 
(A) IN
GENERAL.—Each covered employer 
shall— 
(i) maintain at all times records related to 
each Plan of the employer, including work-
place violence risk and hazard assessments, 
and identification, evaluation, correction, 
and education procedures; 
(ii) maintain for a minimum of 5 years— 
(I) a violent incident log described in sub-
paragraph (B) for recording all workplace vi-
olence incidents; and 
(II) records of all incident investigations as 
required under paragraph (2)(B); and 
(iii) make such records and logs available, 
upon request, to covered employees and their 
representatives for examination and copying 
in accordance with section 1910.1020 of title 
29, Code of Federal Regulations (as such sec-
tion is in effect on the date of enactment of 
this Act), and in a manner consistent with 
HIPAA privacy regulations (defined in sec-
tion 1180(b)(3) of the Social Security Act (42 
U.S.C. 1320d–9(b)(3))) and part 2 of title 42, 
Code of Federal Regulations (as such part is 
in effect on the date of enactment of this 
part), and ensure that any such records and 
logs removed from the employer’s control for 
purposes of this clause omit any element of 
personal identifying information sufficient 
to allow identification of any patient, resi-
dent, client, or other individual alleged to 
have committed a violent incident (including 
the person’s name, address, electronic mail 
address, telephone number, or social security 
number, or other information that, alone or 
in combination with other publicly available 
information, reveals such person’s identity). 
(B) VIOLENT
INCIDENT
LOG
DESCRIPTION.— 
Each violent incident log— 
(i) shall be maintained by a covered em-
ployer for each covered facility controlled by 
the employer and for each covered service 
being performed by a covered employee on 
behalf of such employer; 
(ii) may be based on a template developed 
by the Secretary not later than 1 year after 
the date of promulgation of the standards 
under section 101(a); 
(iii) may include a description of— 
(I) the violent incident (including environ-
mental risk factors present at the time of 
the incident); 
(II) the date, time, and location of the inci-
dent, names and job titles of involved em-
ployees; 
(III) the nature and extent of injuries to 
covered employees; 
(IV) a classification of the perpetrator who 
committed the violence, including whether 
the perpetrator was— 
(aa) a patient, client, resident, or customer 
of a covered employer; 
(bb) a family or friend of a patient, client, 
resident, or customer of a covered employer; 
(cc) a stranger; 
(dd) a coworker, supervisor, or manager of 
a covered employee; 
(ee) a partner, spouse, parent, or relative of 
a covered employee; or 
(ff) any other appropriate classification; 
(V) the type of violent incident (such as 
type 1 violence, type 2 violence, type 3 vio-
lence, or type 4 violence); and 
(VI) how the incident was addressed; 
(iv) not later than 7 days, depending on the 
availability or condition of the witness, after 
the employer learns of such incident, shall 
contain a record of each violent incident, 
which is updated to ensure completeness of 
such record; 
(v) shall be maintained for not less than 5 
years; and 
(vi) in the case of a violent incident involv-
ing a privacy concern case as defined in sec-
tion 1904.29(b)(7) of title 29, Code of Federal 
Regulations (as such section is in effect on 
the date of enactment of this Act), shall pro-
tect the identity of employees in a manner 
consistent with that section. 
(C) ANNUAL SUMMARY.—Each covered em-
ployer shall prepare an annual summary of 
each violent incident log for the preceding 
calendar year that shall— 
(i) with respect to each covered facility, 
and each covered service, for which such a 
log has been maintained, include the total 
number of violent incidents, the number of 
recordable injuries related to such incidents, 
and the total number of hours worked by the 
covered employees for such preceding year; 
(ii) be completed on a form provided by the 
Secretary; 
(iii) be posted for three months beginning 
February 1 of each year in a manner con-
sistent with the requirements of section 1904 
of title 29, Code of Federal Regulations (as 
such section is in effect on the date of enact-
ment of this Act), relating to the posting of 
summaries of injury and illness logs; 
(iv) be located in a conspicuous place or 
places where notices to employees are cus-
tomarily posted; and 
(v) not be altered, defaced, or covered by 
other material by the employer. 
(5) ANNUAL EVALUATION.—Each covered em-
ployer shall conduct an annual written eval-
uation, conducted with the full, active par-
ticipation of covered employees and em-
ployee representatives, of— 
(A) the implementation and effectiveness 
of the Plan, including a review of the violent 
incident log; and 
(B) compliance with education required by 
each standard described in section 101, and 
specified in the Plan. 
(6) ANTI-RETALIATION.— 
(A) POLICY.—Each covered employer shall 
adopt a policy prohibiting any person (in-
cluding an agent of the employer) from dis-
criminating or retaliating against any em-
ployee for reporting, or seeking assistance or 
intervention from, a workplace violence inci-
dent, threat, or concern to the employer, law 
enforcement, local emergency services, or a 
government agency, or participating in an 
incident investigation. 
(B) ENFORCEMENT.—Each violation of the 
policy shall be enforced in the same manner 
and to the same extent as a violation of sec-
tion 11(c) of the Occupational Safety and 
Health Act (29 U.S.C. 660(c)) is enforced. 
SEC. 104. RULES OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Notwithstanding section 18 of the Occupa-
tional Safety and Health Act of 1970 (29 
U.S.C. 667)— 
(1) nothing in this title shall be construed 
to curtail or limit authority of the Secretary 
under any other provision of the law; 
(2) the rights, privileges, or remedies of 
covered employees shall be in addition to the 
rights, 
privileges, 
or 
remedies 
provided 
under any Federal or State law, or any col-
lective bargaining agreement; and 
(3) nothing in this Act shall be construed 
to limit or prevent health care workers, so-
cial service workers, or other personnel from 
reporting violent incidents to appropriate 
law enforcement. 
SEC. 105. OTHER DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: 
(1) WORKPLACE VIOLENCE.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—The term ‘‘workplace vio-
lence’’ means any act of violence or threat of 
violence, that occurs at a covered facility or 
while a covered employee performs a covered 
service. 
(B) EXCLUSIONS.—The term ‘‘workplace vi-
olence’’ does not include lawful acts of self- 
defense or lawful acts of defense of others. 
(C) INCLUSIONS.—The term ‘‘workplace vio-
lence’’ includes an incident involving the 
threat or use of a firearm or a dangerous 
weapon, including the use of common objects 
as weapons, without regard to whether the 
employee sustains an injury. 
(2) TYPE 1 VIOLENCE.—The term ‘‘type 1 vio-
lence’’— 
(A) means workplace violence directed at a 
covered employee at a covered facility or 
while performing a covered service by an in-
dividual who has no legitimate business at 
the covered facility or with respect to such 
covered service; and 
(B) includes violent acts by any individual 
who enters the covered facility or worksite 
where a covered service is being performed 
with the intent to commit a crime. 
(3) TYPE 2 VIOLENCE.—The term ‘‘type 2 vio-
lence’’ means workplace violence directed at 
a covered employee by customers, clients, 
patients, students, inmates, or any indi-
vidual for whom a covered facility provides 
services or for whom the employee performs 
covered services. 
(4) TYPE 3 VIOLENCE.—The term ‘‘type 3 vio-
lence’’ means workplace violence directed at 
a covered employee by a present or former 
employee, supervisor, or manager. 
(5) TYPE 4 VIOLENCE.—The term ‘‘type 4 vio-
lence’’ means workplace violence directed at 
a covered employee by an individual who is 
not an employee, but has or is known to have 
had a personal relationship with such em-
ployee. 
(6) ALARM.—The term ‘‘alarm’’ means a 
mechanical, electrical, or electronic device 
that can alert others but does not rely upon 
an employee’s vocalization in order to alert 
others. 
(7) ENGINEERING CONTROLS.— 
(A) IN
GENERAL.—The term ‘‘engineering 
controls’’ means an aspect of the built space 
or a device that removes or minimizes a haz-
ard from the workplace or creates a barrier 
between a covered employee and the hazard. 
(B) INCLUSIONS.—For purposes of reducing 
workplace violence hazards, the term ‘‘engi-
neering controls’’ includes electronic access 
controls to employee occupied areas, weapon 
detectors (installed or handheld), enclosed 
workstations with shatter-resistant glass, 
deep service counters, separate rooms or 
areas for high-risk patients, locks on doors, 
removing access to or securing items that 
could be used as weapons, furniture affixed 
to the floor, opaque glass in patient rooms 
(which protects privacy, but allows the 
health care provider to see where the patient 
is before entering the room), closed-circuit 
television monitoring and video recording, 
sight-aids, and personal alarm devices. 
(8) ENVIRONMENTAL RISK FACTORS.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—The term ‘‘environmental 
risk factors’’ means factors in the covered 
facility or area in which a covered service is 
performed that may contribute to the likeli-
hood or severity of a workplace violence in-
cident. 
(B) 
CLARIFICATION.—Environmental 
risk 
factors may be associated with the specific 
task being performed or the work area, such 
as working in an isolated area, poor illu-
mination or blocked visibility, and lack of 
physical barriers between individuals and 
persons at risk of committing workplace vio-
lence. 
(9) PATIENT-SPECIFIC
RISK
FACTORS.—The 
term ‘‘patient-specific risk factors’’ means 
factors specific to a patient that may in-
crease the likelihood or severity of a work-
place violence incident, including— 
(A) a patient’s psychiatric condition, treat-
ment and medication status, history of vio-
lence, and known or recorded use of drugs or 
alcohol; and 
(B) any conditions or disease processes of 
the patient that may cause the patient to ex-
perience confusion or disorientation, to be 
non-responsive to instruction, or to behave 
unpredictably. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:29 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00023
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A16AP7.004
H16APPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 22-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1870 
April 16, 2021 
(10) SECRETARY.—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of Labor. 
(11) WORK PRACTICE CONTROLS.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—The term ‘‘work practice 
controls’’ means procedures and rules that 
are used to effectively reduce workplace vio-
lence hazards. 
(B) INCLUSIONS.—The term ‘‘work practice 
controls’’ includes assigning and placing suf-
ficient numbers of staff to reduce patient- 
specific Type 2 workplace violence hazards, 
provision of dedicated and available safety 
personnel such as security guards, employee 
training on workplace violence prevention 
method and techniques to de-escalate and 
minimize violent behavior, and employee 
education on procedures for response in the 
event of a workplace violence incident and 
for post-incident response. 
TITLE II—AMENDMENTS TO THE SOCIAL 
SECURITY ACT 
SEC. 201. APPLICATION OF THE WORKPLACE VIO-
LENCE PREVENTION STANDARD TO 
CERTAIN 
FACILITIES 
RECEIVING 
MEDICARE FUNDS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 1866 of the Social 
Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395cc) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1)— 
(A) in subparagraph (X), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (Y), by striking at the 
end the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by inserting after subparagraph (Y) the 
following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(Z) in the case of hospitals that are not 
otherwise subject to the Occupational Safety 
and Health Act of 1970 (or a State occupa-
tional safety and health plan that is ap-
proved under 18(b) of such Act) and skilled 
nursing facilities that are not otherwise sub-
ject to such Act (or such a State occupa-
tional safety and health plan), to comply 
with the Workplace Violence Prevention 
Standard (as promulgated under section 101 
of the Workplace Violence Prevention for 
Health Care and Social Service Workers 
Act).’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)(4)— 
(A) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘and 
a hospital or skilled nursing facility that 
fails to comply with the requirement of sub-
section (a)(1)(Z) (relating to the Workplace 
Violence 
Prevention 
Standard)’’ 
after 
‘‘Bloodborne Pathogens Standard)’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (B)— 
(i) by striking ‘‘(a)(1)(U)’’ and inserting 
‘‘(a)(1)(V)’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘(or, in the case of a fail-
ure to comply with the requirement of sub-
section (a)(1)(Z), for a violation of the Work-
place Violence Prevention standard referred 
to in such subsection by a hospital or skilled 
nursing facility, as applicable, that is sub-
ject to the provisions of such Act)’’ before 
the period at the end. 
(b) EFFECTIVE
DATE.—The amendments 
made by subsection (a) shall apply beginning 
on the date that is 1 year after the date of 
issuance of the final standard on workplace 
violence prevention required under section 
101. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 303, the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. KEL-
LER) and a Member opposed each will 
control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. KELLER. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today in sup-
port of this amendment, which I am of-
fering with my colleague, Representa-
tive WALBERG. 
Healthcare and social service work-
ers face real safety risks in the work-
place. This issue demands our atten-
tion and thoughtful consideration. 
Unfortunately, H.R. 1195 will result 
in a rushed and flawed OSHA rule that 
will not effectively address workplace 
violence. This bill is excessively pre-
scriptive and heavy-handed, prejudging 
and imposing a regulation without al-
lowing for necessary stakeholder input 
and expert review. 
Just as Members of Congress should 
be working together to develop ade-
quate 
solutions 
to 
these 
pressing 
issues, OSHA should be working with 
and listening to industry experts and 
stakeholders closest to the problem. 
That is why this amendment requires 
OSHA to follow proper procedures in 
their rulemaking process, including in-
viting meaningful stakeholder partici-
pation, and responding to comments 
from the public. 
The amendment also calls on OSHA 
to convene the already planned Small 
Business 
Regulatory 
Enforcement 
Fairness Act panel before proceeding 
with the rulemaking process. 
This will ensure that small employ-
ers directly impacted by the rule have 
the chance to speak on it, allowing for 
a more informed solution that empow-
ers workers and employers, not one 
that cripples them with overbearing 
Federal mandates 
This amendment would also require 
OSHA to conduct an educational cam-
paign on workplace violence preven-
tion in healthcare and social services 
industries. 
This initiative would target the regu-
lated community and raise awareness 
of the issue while also increasing com-
pliance with the eventual final rule. 
Finally, despite the heavy burdens 
placed on our healthcare system re-
sponding to the pandemic, the Biden 
administration is considering a job- 
killing emergency, temporary standard 
on COVID–19 that will further bog 
down already overwhelmed businesses 
with sweeping and costly mandates at 
the very time that vaccines are widely 
available and the economy is recov-
ering at a record pace. 
As such, this amendment removes 
the unnecessary and problematic re-
quirement that OSHA issue an interim 
final standard on workplace violence 
within 1 year, enabling these facilities 
to continue fighting COVID–19 and al-
lowing our entire economy to continue 
recovering from economic peril. 
We all agree that our frontline work-
ers have shown incredible courage in 
responding to this global health crisis 
and their efforts continue to be an in-
valuable part of our Nation’s recovery. 
We owe it to these heroes to provide 
a solution that keeps them safe at 
work without drowning employers in 
compliance 
costs 
or 
implementing 
overbearing rules and rushed regula-
tions from Washington that do not 
take into account their meaningful 
input. 
We owe these frontline workers the 
opportunity to have their say and their 
input. This amendment does just that, 
and I urge my colleagues to support it. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Speaker, I 
rise in opposition to the amendment. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Connecticut is recognized 
for 5 minutes. 
Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Speaker, I 
again want to clarify for the record 
that Congress in the past has required 
interim standards in situations where 
there have been real acute problems in 
America’s workforce. We did it for 
workers who were working in haz-
ardous waste and hazardous disposal 
sites, and we did it for workers who 
were exposed to lead. 
So, again, there is precedent for this. 
This is not having an interim standard 
where there is an urgent need to have 
some action for just a program stand-
ard for workers out there. We have 
done it in the past. And I think we 
have certainly heard enough from the 
other side that they acknowledge the 
severity of the problem and the incred-
ible people that would benefit from 
having a standard out there that we 
should apply the interim rule in this 
case, which would take place a year 
from enactment and then the final 
standard 31⁄2 years from enactment. 
I want to be clear. When we drafted 
the bill, we put in language that re-
quires a notice and comment section 
for both the interim standard and the 
final standard. Nobody is being fore-
closed in terms of having an oppor-
tunity to weigh in. 
Since 1996, OSHA has had voluntary 
recommendations and guidelines for 
workplace safety in healthcare set-
tings. This thing has been knocking 
around for 25 years, and that is no se-
cret here. We are not starting from a 
blank sheet of paper. 
So, again, all the stakeholders know 
what some of the strategies are that 
could be employed to protect workers 
better, and what we are doing in the 
baseline of the bill is basically saying 
we are not going to sit back and let the 
dysfunctional history of OSHA domi-
nate and really expose people need-
lessly to workplace violence. 
Again, Mr. SCOTT went through the 
sad history over OSHA: 18 years for be-
ryllium; 17 years for silica dust; 16 or 17 
years for working in enclosed construc-
tion site spaces. OSHA is just noto-
rious in terms of going slow, and, in 
fact, the last administration, which did 
try to convene the Small Business 
panel, postponed it five separate times, 
and today there is nothing scheduled. I 
mean, zero. 
So, again, I appreciate the fact that 
the other side acknowledges the seri-
ousness of the problem. Again, I think 
the bill acts on that by actually put-
ting a clock on OSHA to move forward. 
I will close by saying that the admin-
istration has weighed in, who actually 
is the executive branch that has con-
trol of OSHA, and, again, they sub-
mitted a letter titled: ‘‘Statement of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:29 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00024
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A16AP7.004
H16APPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 23-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1871 
April 16, 2021 
Administration Policy’’ on April 13 
supporting this bill, and specifically 
the 1-year interim standard and the 42- 
month final standard timeline that is 
in the bill. I include that letter in the 
RECORD, Madam Speaker. 
STATEMENT OF ADMINISTRATION POLICY 
H.R. 1195—WORKPLACE
VIOLENCE
PREVENTION 
FOR HEALTH CARE AND SOCIAL SERVICE WORK-
ERS ACT—REP. COURTNEY, D–CT, AND 145 CO-
SPONSORS 
The Administration strongly supports pas-
sage of H.R. 1195, the Workplace Violence 
Prevention for Health Care and Social Serv-
ice Workers Act. This bipartisan legislation 
will lead to the development of Federal 
standards to ensure that health care and so-
cial service employers develop and imple-
ment plans to protect their staff, prevent 
and improve the response to workplace vio-
lence, and address existing barriers to re-
porting. 
Even before the COVID–19 pandemic, inci-
dents of violence against health care and so-
cial service workers have been on the rise. A 
2016 Government Accountability Office study 
reported that rates of violence against 
health care workers are up to 12 times higher 
than rates for the overall workforce. In 2018, 
the Bureau of Labor Statistics reported that 
health care and social service workers were 
nearly five times as likely to suffer a serious 
workplace violence injury than workers in 
other sectors, and that healthcare workers 
accounted for 73 percent of such injuries. In 
2017, state government health care and social 
service workers were almost nine times more 
likely to be injured by an assault than pri-
vate-sector health care workers. Front line 
employees in these settings interact with a 
range of patients, clients, and their families, 
often with little training or direction for 
how to handle interactions that may become 
violent. Workplace violence often causes 
both physical and emotional harm. Victims 
of these incidents often suffer post-trau-
matic stress that undermines their ability to 
continue their employment in that sector. 
This burdens a stretched health care work-
force that has been severely impacted by the 
COVID–19 pandemic. There is currently no 
Occupational Safety and Health Administra-
tion (OSHA) standard that requires employ-
ers to implement violence prevention plans 
that would help reduce workplace violence 
injuries among health care and social service 
workers. 
Under the Workplace Violence Prevention 
for Health Care and Social Service Workers 
Act, OSHA must issue an interim final 
standard in one year and a final standard 
within 42 months requiring employers in the 
health care and social service sectors to de-
velop and implement a workplace violence 
prevention plan. Under such a standard, em-
ployers would need to ensure that health 
care and social service workers are directly 
involved in the development, implementa-
tion, and assessment of these plans. This will 
include identifying risks, specifying solu-
tions, and requiring training, reporting, and 
incident investigations. It would also provide 
protections from retaliation for reporting 
violent incidents. Additionally, this legisla-
tion will protect health care and social serv-
ice workers in the public sector in 24 states 
where those employees are not covered by 
OSHA protections. 
The Administration commends the bipar-
tisan support for the Workplace Violence 
Prevention for Health Care and Social Serv-
ice Workers Act and urges swift passage of 
this legislation. 
Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Speaker, re-
spectfully I rise in opposition and rec-
ommend a ‘‘no’’ vote on Mr. KELLER’s 
amendment, and I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 303, the pre-
vious 
question 
is 
ordered 
on 
the 
amendment offered by the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania (Mr. KELLER). 
The question is on the amendment. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that 
the noes appear to have it. 
Mr. KELLER. Madam Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 3(s) of House Resolution 
8, the yeas and nays are ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 168, nays 
256, not voting 5, as follows: 
[Roll No. 117] 
YEAS—168 
Aderholt 
Allen 
Amodei 
Armstrong 
Babin 
Baird 
Balderson 
Banks 
Barr 
Bentz 
Bergman 
Bice (OK) 
Bilirakis 
Bishop (NC) 
Bost 
Brady 
Buchanan 
Bucshon 
Burgess 
Calvert 
Carl 
Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) 
Chabot 
Cheney 
Cline 
Cloud 
Cole 
Comer 
Crawford 
Crenshaw 
Curtis 
Davis, Rodney 
DesJarlais 
Diaz-Balart 
Duncan 
Dunn 
Emmer 
Estes 
Fallon 
Feenstra 
Ferguson 
Fischbach 
Fitzgerald 
Fleischmann 
Foxx 
Fulcher 
Gallagher 
Garbarino 
Gimenez 
Gonzales, Tony 
Gonzalez (OH) 
Granger 
Graves (LA) 
Graves (MO) 
Griffith 
Grothman 
Guest 
Guthrie 
Hagedorn 
Harris 
Harshbarger 
Hartzler 
Hern 
Herrera Beutler 
Higgins (LA) 
Hill 
Hinson 
Hollingsworth 
Hudson 
Huizenga 
Issa 
Jackson 
Jacobs (NY) 
Johnson (LA) 
Johnson (OH) 
Johnson (SD) 
Jordan 
Joyce (OH) 
Joyce (PA) 
Keller 
Kelly (MS) 
Kelly (PA) 
Kim (CA) 
Kinzinger 
Kustoff 
LaHood 
LaMalfa 
Lamborn 
Latta 
LaTurner 
Lesko 
Letlow 
Long 
Loudermilk 
Lucas 
Luetkemeyer 
Malliotakis 
Mann 
McCarthy 
McCaul 
McClain 
McHenry 
McKinley 
Meijer 
Meuser 
Miller (WV) 
Miller-Meeks 
Moolenaar 
Mooney 
Moore (AL) 
Moore (UT) 
Mullin 
Murphy (NC) 
Nehls 
Newhouse 
Norman 
Nunes 
Obernolte 
Owens 
Palazzo 
Palmer 
Pence 
Pfluger 
Reed 
Reschenthaler 
Rice (SC) 
Rodgers (WA) 
Rogers (AL) 
Rogers (KY) 
Rose 
Rouzer 
Rutherford 
Salazar 
Scalise 
Schweikert 
Scott, Austin 
Sessions 
Simpson 
Smith (MO) 
Smith (NE) 
Smucker 
Spartz 
Steel 
Stefanik 
Steil 
Steube 
Stewart 
Taylor 
Tenney 
Thompson (PA) 
Timmons 
Turner 
Upton 
Valadao 
Van Duyne 
Wagner 
Walberg 
Walorski 
Waltz 
Weber (TX) 
Wenstrup 
Williams (TX) 
Wilson (SC) 
Wittman 
Womack 
Young 
Zeldin 
NAYS—256 
Adams 
Aguilar 
Allred 
Arrington 
Auchincloss 
Axne 
Bacon 
Barraga´n 
Bass 
Beatty 
Bera 
Beyer 
Biggs 
Bishop (GA) 
Blumenauer 
Blunt Rochester 
Boebert 
Bonamici 
Bourdeaux 
Bowman 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brooks 
Brown 
Brownley 
Buck 
Budd 
Burchett 
Bush 
Bustos 
Butterfield 
Cammack 
Carbajal 
Ca´rdenas 
Carson 
Cartwright 
Case 
Casten 
Castor (FL) 
Castro (TX) 
Chu 
Cicilline 
Clark (MA) 
Clarke (NY) 
Cleaver 
Clyburn 
Clyde 
Cohen 
Connolly 
Correa 
Costa 
Courtney 
Craig 
Crist 
Crow 
Cuellar 
Davids (KS) 
Davidson 
Davis, Danny K. 
Dean 
DeFazio 
DeGette 
DeLauro 
DelBene 
Delgado 
Demings 
DeSaulnier 
Deutch 
Dingell 
Doggett 
Donalds 
Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Escobar 
Eshoo 
Espaillat 
Evans 
Fitzpatrick 
Fletcher 
Fortenberry 
Foster 
Frankel, Lois 
Gaetz 
Gallego 
Garamendi 
Garcia (CA) 
Garcı´a (IL) 
Garcia (TX) 
Gibbs 
Gohmert 
Golden 
Gomez 
Gonzalez, 
Vicente 
Good (VA) 
Gooden (TX) 
Gosar 
Gottheimer 
Green (TN) 
Green, Al (TX) 
Greene (GA) 
Grijalva 
Harder (CA) 
Hayes 
Herrell 
Hice (GA) 
Higgins (NY) 
Himes 
Horsford 
Houlahan 
Hoyer 
Huffman 
Jackson Lee 
Jacobs (CA) 
Jayapal 
Jeffries 
Johnson (GA) 
Johnson (TX) 
Jones 
Kahele 
Kaptur 
Katko 
Keating 
Kelly (IL) 
Khanna 
Kildee 
Kilmer 
Kim (NJ) 
Kind 
Kirkpatrick 
Krishnamoorthi 
Kuster 
Lamb 
Langevin 
Larsen (WA) 
Larson (CT) 
Lawrence 
Lawson (FL) 
Lee (CA) 
Lee (NV) 
Leger Fernandez 
Levin (CA) 
Levin (MI) 
Lieu 
Lofgren 
Lowenthal 
Luria 
Lynch 
Mace 
Malinowski 
Maloney, 
Carolyn B. 
Maloney, Sean 
Manning 
Massie 
Mast 
Matsui 
McBath 
McClintock 
McCollum 
McEachin 
McGovern 
McNerney 
Meeks 
Meng 
Mfume 
Miller (IL) 
Moore (WI) 
Morelle 
Moulton 
Mrvan 
Murphy (FL) 
Nadler 
Napolitano 
Neal 
Neguse 
Newman 
Norcross 
O’Halleran 
Ocasio-Cortez 
Omar 
Pallone 
Panetta 
Pappas 
Pascrell 
Payne 
Perlmutter 
Perry 
Peters 
Phillips 
Pingree 
Pocan 
Porter 
Posey 
Pressley 
Price (NC) 
Quigley 
Raskin 
Rice (NY) 
Rosendale 
Ross 
Roy 
Roybal-Allard 
Ruiz 
Ruppersberger 
Rush 
Ryan 
Sa´nchez 
Sarbanes 
Scanlon 
Schakowsky 
Schiff 
Schneider 
Schrader 
Schrier 
Scott (VA) 
Scott, David 
Sewell 
Sherman 
Sherrill 
Sires 
Slotkin 
Smith (NJ) 
Smith (WA) 
Soto 
Spanberger 
Speier 
Stanton 
Stauber 
Stevens 
Strickland 
Suozzi 
Swalwell 
Takano 
Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) 
Tiffany 
Titus 
Tlaib 
Tonko 
Torres (CA) 
Torres (NY) 
Trahan 
Trone 
Underwood 
Van Drew 
Vargas 
Veasey 
Vela 
Vela´zquez 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters 
Watson Coleman 
Welch 
Westerman 
Wexton 
Wild 
Williams (GA) 
Wilson (FL) 
Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—5 
Cawthorn 
Cooper 
Franklin, C. 
Scott 
Stivers 
Webster (FL) 
b 1116 
Messrs. 
KIND, 
WESTERMAN, 
DeSAULNIER, Mrs. TORRES of Cali-
fornia, Messrs. GIBBS, GOODEN of 
Texas, 
Ms. 
LEGER 
FERNANDEZ, 
Messrs. COSTA, CLYDE, GOHMERT, 
and MAST changed their vote from 
‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mr. OWENS, Ms. CHENEY, and Mr. 
BANKS changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ 
to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:29 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00025
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K16AP7.028
H16APPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 24-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1872 
April 16, 2021 
MEMBERS RECORDED PURSUANT TO HOUSE 
RESOLUTION 8, 117TH CONGRESS 
Allred (Wexton) 
Babin (Fallon) 
Barraga´n (Beyer) 
Buchanan 
(LaHood) 
Ca´rdenas 
(Gonzalez, 
Vicente) 
Crenshaw 
(Fallon) 
Gomez (Pressley) 
Gottheimer 
(Panetta) 
Graves (MO) 
(Wagner) 
Greene (GA) 
(Gosar) 
Grijalva (Garcı´a 
(IL)) 
Jayapal (Pocan) 
Johnson (TX) 
(Jeffries) 
Keating (Clark 
(MA)) 
Lawrence 
(Kildee) 
Lawson (FL) 
(Evans) 
Lieu (Beyer) 
Lowenthal 
(Beyer) 
McHenry (Banks) 
Meng (Clark 
(MA)) 
Mfume (Wexton) 
Moore (WI) 
(Beyer) 
Moulton 
(Underwood) 
Napolitano 
(Correa) 
Neal (Lynch) 
Nehls (Fallon) 
Norcross 
(Pallone) 
Omar (Pressley) 
Payne (Pallone) 
Porter (Wexton) 
Rush 
(Underwood) 
Sewell (DelBene) 
Sires (Pallone) 
Stefanik 
(Tenney) 
Steube 
(Timmons) 
Trahan (Lynch) 
Walorski 
(Wagner) 
Wasserman 
Schultz (Soto) 
Watson Coleman 
(Pallone) 
Wilson (FL) 
(Hayes) 
Wilson (SC) 
(Timmons) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The pre-
vious question is ordered on the bill, as 
amended. 
The question is on the engrossment 
and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the 
third time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that 
the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. 
SCOTT 
of 
Virginia. 
Madam 
Speaker, on that I demand the yeas 
and nays. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 3(s) of House Resolution 
8, the yeas and nays are ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 254, nays 
166, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 118] 
YEAS—254 
Adams 
Aguilar 
Allred 
Auchincloss 
Axne 
Bacon 
Barraga´n 
Bass 
Beatty 
Bera 
Beyer 
Bishop (GA) 
Blumenauer 
Blunt Rochester 
Bonamici 
Bost 
Bourdeaux 
Bowman 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady 
Brown 
Brownley 
Bucshon 
Bush 
Bustos 
Butterfield 
Carbajal 
Ca´rdenas 
Carson 
Cartwright 
Case 
Casten 
Castor (FL) 
Castro (TX) 
Chu 
Cicilline 
Clark (MA) 
Clarke (NY) 
Cleaver 
Clyburn 
Cohen 
Cole 
Connolly 
Cooper 
Correa 
Costa 
Courtney 
Craig 
Crist 
Crow 
Cuellar 
Davids (KS) 
Davis, Danny K. 
Davis, Rodney 
Dean 
DeFazio 
DeGette 
DeLauro 
DelBene 
Delgado 
Demings 
DeSaulnier 
Deutch 
Dingell 
Doggett 
Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Escobar 
Eshoo 
Espaillat 
Evans 
Fitzpatrick 
Fletcher 
Fortenberry 
Foster 
Frankel, Lois 
Gallego 
Garamendi 
Garbarino 
Garcia (CA) 
Garcı´a (IL) 
Garcia (TX) 
Gimenez 
Golden 
Gomez 
Gonzalez (OH) 
Gonzalez, 
Vicente 
Gottheimer 
Graves (LA) 
Green, Al (TX) 
Griffith 
Grijalva 
Harder (CA) 
Hartzler 
Hayes 
Herrera Beutler 
Higgins (NY) 
Himes 
Horsford 
Houlahan 
Hoyer 
Huffman 
Jackson Lee 
Jacobs (CA) 
Jacobs (NY) 
Jayapal 
Jeffries 
Johnson (GA) 
Johnson (TX) 
Jones 
Joyce (OH) 
Kahele 
Kaptur 
Katko 
Keating 
Kelly (IL) 
Khanna 
Kildee 
Kilmer 
Kim (CA) 
Kim (NJ) 
Kind 
Kinzinger 
Kirkpatrick 
Krishnamoorthi 
Kuster 
Lamb 
Langevin 
Larsen (WA) 
Larson (CT) 
Lawrence 
Lawson (FL) 
Lee (CA) 
Lee (NV) 
Leger Fernandez 
Lesko 
Levin (CA) 
Levin (MI) 
Lieu 
Lofgren 
Lowenthal 
Luria 
Lynch 
Malinowski 
Malliotakis 
Maloney, 
Carolyn B. 
Maloney, Sean 
Manning 
Matsui 
McBath 
McCollum 
McEachin 
McGovern 
McKinley 
McNerney 
Meeks 
Meijer 
Meng 
Mfume 
Moore (WI) 
Morelle 
Moulton 
Murphy (FL) 
Murphy (NC) 
Nadler 
Napolitano 
Neal 
Neguse 
Newhouse 
Newman 
Norcross 
O’Halleran 
Ocasio-Cortez 
Omar 
Pallone 
Panetta 
Pappas 
Pascrell 
Payne 
Perlmutter 
Peters 
Phillips 
Pingree 
Pocan 
Porter 
Pressley 
Price (NC) 
Quigley 
Raskin 
Reed 
Rice (NY) 
Rice (SC) 
Rodgers (WA) 
Ross 
Roybal-Allard 
Ruiz 
Ruppersberger 
Rush 
Ryan 
Salazar 
Sa´nchez 
Sarbanes 
Scanlon 
Schakowsky 
Schiff 
Schneider 
Schrader 
Schrier 
Scott (VA) 
Scott, David 
Sewell 
Sherman 
Sherrill 
Sires 
Slotkin 
Smith (NJ) 
Smith (WA) 
Soto 
Spanberger 
Speier 
Stanton 
Stauber 
Stefanik 
Stevens 
Strickland 
Suozzi 
Swalwell 
Takano 
Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) 
Titus 
Tlaib 
Tonko 
Torres (CA) 
Torres (NY) 
Trahan 
Trone 
Underwood 
Upton 
Van Drew 
Vargas 
Veasey 
Vela 
Vela´zquez 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters 
Watson Coleman 
Welch 
Wexton 
Wild 
Williams (GA) 
Wilson (FL) 
Yarmuth 
Young 
Zeldin 
NAYS—166 
Aderholt 
Allen 
Amodei 
Armstrong 
Arrington 
Babin 
Baird 
Balderson 
Banks 
Barr 
Bentz 
Bergman 
Bice (OK) 
Biggs 
Bilirakis 
Bishop (NC) 
Brooks 
Buchanan 
Buck 
Budd 
Burchett 
Calvert 
Cammack 
Carl 
Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) 
Chabot 
Cheney 
Cline 
Cloud 
Clyde 
Comer 
Crawford 
Crenshaw 
Curtis 
Davidson 
DesJarlais 
Diaz-Balart 
Donalds 
Duncan 
Dunn 
Emmer 
Estes 
Fallon 
Feenstra 
Ferguson 
Fischbach 
Fitzgerald 
Fleischmann 
Foxx 
Fulcher 
Gaetz 
Gallagher 
Gibbs 
Gohmert 
Gonzales, Tony 
Good (VA) 
Gooden (TX) 
Gosar 
Granger 
Graves (MO) 
Green (TN) 
Greene (GA) 
Grothman 
Guest 
Guthrie 
Hagedorn 
Harris 
Harshbarger 
Hern 
Herrell 
Hice (GA) 
Higgins (LA) 
Hill 
Hinson 
Hollingsworth 
Hudson 
Issa 
Jackson 
Johnson (LA) 
Johnson (OH) 
Johnson (SD) 
Jordan 
Joyce (PA) 
Keller 
Kelly (MS) 
Kelly (PA) 
Kustoff 
LaHood 
LaMalfa 
Lamborn 
Latta 
LaTurner 
Letlow 
Long 
Loudermilk 
Lucas 
Luetkemeyer 
Mace 
Mann 
Massie 
Mast 
McCarthy 
McCaul 
McClain 
McClintock 
McHenry 
Meuser 
Miller (WV) 
Miller-Meeks 
Moolenaar 
Mooney 
Moore (AL) 
Moore (UT) 
Mullin 
Nehls 
Norman 
Nunes 
Obernolte 
Owens 
Palazzo 
Palmer 
Pence 
Perry 
Pfluger 
Posey 
Reschenthaler 
Rogers (AL) 
Rogers (KY) 
Rose 
Rosendale 
Rouzer 
Roy 
Rutherford 
Scalise 
Schweikert 
Scott, Austin 
Sessions 
Simpson 
Smith (MO) 
Smith (NE) 
Smucker 
Spartz 
Steel 
Steil 
Steube 
Stewart 
Taylor 
Tenney 
Thompson (PA) 
Tiffany 
Timmons 
Turner 
Valadao 
Van Duyne 
Wagner 
Walberg 
Walorski 
Waltz 
Weber (TX) 
Wenstrup 
Westerman 
Williams (TX) 
Wilson (SC) 
Wittman 
Womack 
NOT VOTING—9 
Boebert 
Burgess 
Cawthorn 
Franklin, C. 
Scott 
Huizenga 
Miller (IL) 
Mrvan 
Stivers 
Webster (FL) 
b 1148 
Mr. COMER changed his vote from 
‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Messrs. RICE of South Carolina and 
KIM of New Jersey changed their vote 
from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: 
Mr. MRVAN. Mr. Speaker, had I been 
present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall 
No. 118. 
MEMBERS RECORDED PURSUANT TO HOUSE 
RESOLUTION 8, 117TH CONGRESS 
Allred (Wexton) 
Babin (Fallon) 
Barraga´n (Beyer) 
Buchanan 
(LaHood) 
Ca´rdenas 
(Gonzalez, 
Vicente) 
Crenshaw 
(Fallon) 
Gomez (Pressley) 
Gottheimer 
(Panetta) 
Graves (MO) 
(Wagner) 
Greene (GA) 
(Gosar) 
Grijalva (Garcı´a 
(IL)) 
Jayapal (Pocan) 
Johnson (TX) 
(Jeffries) 
Keating (Clark 
(MA)) 
Lawrence 
(Kildee) 
Lawson (FL) 
(Evans) 
Lieu (Beyer) 
Lowenthal 
(Beyer) 
McHenry (Banks) 
Meng (Clark 
(MA)) 
Mfume (Wexton) 
Moore (WI) 
(Beyer) 
Moulton 
(Underwood) 
Napolitano 
(Correa) 
Neal (Lynch) 
Nehls (Fallon) 
Norcross 
(Pallone) 
Omar (Pressley) 
Payne (Pallone) 
Porter (Wexton) 
Rush 
(Underwood) 
Sewell (DelBene) 
Sires (Pallone) 
Stefanik 
(Tenney) 
Steube 
(Timmons) 
Trahan (Lynch) 
Walorski 
(Wagner) 
Wasserman 
Schultz (Soto) 
Watson Coleman 
(Pallone) 
Wilson (FL) 
(Hayes) 
Wilson (SC) 
(Timmons) 
f 
504 CREDIT RISK MANAGEMENT 
IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2021 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
CUELLAR). Pursuant to clause 8 of rule 
XX, the unfinished business is the vote 
on the motion to suspend the rules and 
pass the bill (H.R. 1482) to amend the 
Small Business Act to enhance the Of-
fice of Credit Risk Management, to re-
quire the Administrator of the Small 
Business Administration to issue rules 
relating to environmental obligations 
of certified development companies, 
and for other purposes, on which the 
yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by 
the gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. DA-
VIDS) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 411, nays 8, 
not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 119] 
YEAS—411 
Adams 
Aderholt 
Aguilar 
Allen 
Allred 
Amodei 
Armstrong 
Arrington 
Auchincloss 
Axne 
Babin 
Bacon 
Baird 
Balderson 
Banks 
Barr 
Barraga´n 
Bass 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:29 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00026
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A16AP7.033
H16APPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 25-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1873 
April 16, 2021 
Beatty 
Bentz 
Bera 
Bergman 
Beyer 
Bice (OK) 
Biggs 
Bilirakis 
Bishop (GA) 
Bishop (NC) 
Blumenauer 
Blunt Rochester 
Boebert 
Bonamici 
Bost 
Bourdeaux 
Bowman 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady 
Brown 
Brownley 
Buchanan 
Buck 
Bucshon 
Budd 
Burchett 
Burgess 
Bush 
Bustos 
Butterfield 
Calvert 
Cammack 
Carbajal 
Ca´rdenas 
Carl 
Carson 
Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) 
Cartwright 
Case 
Castor (FL) 
Castro (TX) 
Chabot 
Cheney 
Chu 
Cicilline 
Clark (MA) 
Clarke (NY) 
Cleaver 
Cline 
Cloud 
Clyburn 
Clyde 
Cohen 
Cole 
Comer 
Connolly 
Cooper 
Correa 
Costa 
Courtney 
Craig 
Crawford 
Crenshaw 
Crist 
Crow 
Cuellar 
Curtis 
Davids (KS) 
Davidson 
Davis, Danny K. 
Davis, Rodney 
Dean 
DeFazio 
DeGette 
DeLauro 
DelBene 
Delgado 
Demings 
DeSaulnier 
DesJarlais 
Deutch 
Diaz-Balart 
Dingell 
Doggett 
Donalds 
Duncan 
Dunn 
Emmer 
Eshoo 
Espaillat 
Estes 
Evans 
Fallon 
Feenstra 
Ferguson 
Fischbach 
Fitzgerald 
Fitzpatrick 
Fleischmann 
Fletcher 
Fortenberry 
Foster 
Foxx 
Frankel, Lois 
Fulcher 
Gallagher 
Gallego 
Garamendi 
Garbarino 
Garcia (CA) 
Garcı´a (IL) 
Gibbs 
Gimenez 
Gohmert 
Golden 
Gomez 
Gonzales, Tony 
Gonzalez (OH) 
Gonzalez, 
Vicente 
Good (VA) 
Gooden (TX) 
Gosar 
Gottheimer 
Granger 
Graves (LA) 
Graves (MO) 
Green (TN) 
Green, Al (TX) 
Greene (GA) 
Griffith 
Grijalva 
Grothman 
Guest 
Guthrie 
Hagedorn 
Harder (CA) 
Harris 
Harshbarger 
Hartzler 
Hayes 
Hern 
Herrell 
Herrera Beutler 
Hice (GA) 
Higgins (LA) 
Higgins (NY) 
Hill 
Himes 
Hinson 
Hollingsworth 
Horsford 
Houlahan 
Hoyer 
Hudson 
Huffman 
Issa 
Jackson 
Jackson Lee 
Jacobs (CA) 
Jacobs (NY) 
Jayapal 
Jeffries 
Johnson (GA) 
Johnson (LA) 
Johnson (OH) 
Johnson (SD) 
Johnson (TX) 
Jones 
Jordan 
Joyce (OH) 
Joyce (PA) 
Kahele 
Kaptur 
Katko 
Keating 
Keller 
Kelly (IL) 
Kelly (MS) 
Kelly (PA) 
Khanna 
Kildee 
Kilmer 
Kim (CA) 
Kim (NJ) 
Kind 
Kinzinger 
Kirkpatrick 
Krishnamoorthi 
Kuster 
Kustoff 
LaHood 
LaMalfa 
Lamb 
Lamborn 
Langevin 
Larsen (WA) 
Larson (CT) 
Latta 
LaTurner 
Lawrence 
Lawson (FL) 
Lee (CA) 
Lee (NV) 
Leger Fernandez 
Lesko 
Letlow 
Levin (CA) 
Levin (MI) 
Lieu 
Lofgren 
Loudermilk 
Lowenthal 
Lucas 
Luetkemeyer 
Luria 
Lynch 
Mace 
Malinowski 
Malliotakis 
Maloney, 
Carolyn B. 
Maloney, Sean 
Mann 
Manning 
Mast 
Matsui 
McBath 
McCarthy 
McCaul 
McClain 
McClintock 
McCollum 
McEachin 
McGovern 
McHenry 
McKinley 
McNerney 
Meeks 
Meijer 
Meng 
Meuser 
Mfume 
Miller (IL) 
Miller (WV) 
Miller-Meeks 
Moolenaar 
Mooney 
Moore (AL) 
Moore (UT) 
Moore (WI) 
Morelle 
Moulton 
Mrvan 
Mullin 
Murphy (FL) 
Murphy (NC) 
Nadler 
Napolitano 
Neal 
Neguse 
Nehls 
Newhouse 
Newman 
Norcross 
Norman 
Nunes 
O’Halleran 
Obernolte 
Ocasio-Cortez 
Omar 
Owens 
Palazzo 
Pallone 
Palmer 
Panetta 
Pappas 
Pascrell 
Payne 
Pence 
Perlmutter 
Perry 
Peters 
Pfluger 
Phillips 
Pingree 
Pocan 
Porter 
Pressley 
Price (NC) 
Quigley 
Raskin 
Reed 
Reschenthaler 
Rice (NY) 
Rice (SC) 
Rodgers (WA) 
Rogers (AL) 
Rogers (KY) 
Rose 
Rosendale 
Ross 
Rouzer 
Ruiz 
Ruppersberger 
Rush 
Rutherford 
Ryan 
Salazar 
Sa´nchez 
Sarbanes 
Scalise 
Scanlon 
Schakowsky 
Schiff 
Schneider 
Schrader 
Schrier 
Schweikert 
Scott (VA) 
Scott, Austin 
Scott, David 
Sessions 
Sewell 
Sherman 
Sherrill 
Simpson 
Sires 
Slotkin 
Smith (MO) 
Smith (NE) 
Smith (NJ) 
Smith (WA) 
Smucker 
Soto 
Spanberger 
Spartz 
Speier 
Stanton 
Stauber 
Steel 
Steil 
Steube 
Stevens 
Stewart 
Strickland 
Suozzi 
Swalwell 
Takano 
Taylor 
Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) 
Thompson (PA) 
Tiffany 
Timmons 
Titus 
Tlaib 
Tonko 
Torres (CA) 
Torres (NY) 
Trahan 
Trone 
Turner 
Underwood 
Upton 
Valadao 
Van Drew 
Van Duyne 
Vargas 
Veasey 
Vela 
Vela´zquez 
Wagner 
Walberg 
Walorski 
Waltz 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters 
Watson Coleman 
Weber (TX) 
Welch 
Wenstrup 
Westerman 
Wexton 
Wild 
Williams (GA) 
Williams (TX) 
Wilson (FL) 
Wilson (SC) 
Wittman 
Womack 
Yarmuth 
Young 
Zeldin 
NAYS—8 
Brooks 
Casten 
Escobar 
Gaetz 
Garcia (TX) 
Massie 
Posey 
Roy 
NOT VOTING—10 
Cawthorn 
Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Franklin, C. 
Scott 
Huizenga 
Long 
Roybal-Allard 
Stefanik 
Stivers 
Tenney 
Webster (FL) 
b 1219 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the 
bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: 
Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, had I been 
present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall 
No. 119. 
Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I would have 
voted by proxy today for Ms. STEFANIK of New 
York District 21. Had I been present, she 
would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 119. 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, on 
April 16, 2021, I was unavoidably detained by 
a meeting with the U.S. Small Business Ad-
ministration 
Administrator, 
and 
was 
not 
present for one roll call vote on a bill consid-
ered under suspension of the House rules. 
Had I been present, I would have voted: 
Aye on Roll Call 119, on the motion to sus-
pend the rules and pass H.R. 1482, the 504 
credit Risk Management Improvement Act of 
2021. 
MEMBERS RECORDED PURSUANT TO HOUSE 
RESOLUTION 8, 117TH CONGRESS 
Allred (Wexton) 
Babin (Fallon) 
Barraga´n (Beyer) 
Buchanan 
(LaHood) 
Ca´rdenas 
(Gonzalez, 
Vicente) 
Crenshaw 
(Fallon) 
Gomez (Pressley) 
Gottheimer 
(Panetta) 
Graves (MO) 
(Wagner) 
Greene (GA) 
(Gosar) 
Grijalva (Garcı´a 
(IL)) 
Jayapal (Pocan) 
Johnson (TX) 
(Jeffries) 
Keating (Clark 
(MA)) 
Lawrence 
(Kildee) 
Lawson (FL) 
(Evans) 
Lieu (Beyer) 
Lowenthal 
(Beyer) 
McHenry (Banks) 
Meng (Clark 
(MA)) 
Mfume (Wexton) 
Moore (WI) 
(Beyer) 
Moulton 
(Underwood) 
Napolitano 
(Correa) 
Neal (Lynch) 
Nehls (Fallon) 
Norcross 
(Pallone) 
Omar (Pressley) 
Payne (Pallone) 
Porter (Wexton) 
Rush 
(Underwood) 
Sewell (DelBene) 
Sires (Pallone) 
Steube 
(Timmons) 
Trahan (Lynch) 
Walorski 
(Wagner) 
Wasserman 
Schultz (Soto) 
Watson Coleman 
(Pallone) 
Wilson (FL) 
(Hayes) 
Wilson (SC) 
(Timmons) 
f 
ELECTING 
MEMBERS 
TO 
THE 
JOINT COMMITTEE OF CONGRESS 
ON 
THE 
LIBRARY 
AND 
THE 
JOINT COMMITTEE ON PRINTING 
Ms. SCANLON. Madam Speaker, I 
send to the desk a resolution and ask 
unanimous consent for its immediate 
consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the resolu-
tion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. JA-
COBS of California). Is there objection 
to the request of the gentlewoman 
from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. 
The text of the resolution is as fol-
lows: 
H. RES. 321 
Resolved, 
SECTION 1. ELECTION OF MEMBERS TO JOINT 
COMMITTEE OF CONGRESS ON THE 
LIBRARY AND JOINT COMMITTEE ON 
PRINTING. 
(a) JOINT COMMITTEE OF CONGRESS ON THE 
LIBRARY.—The following Members are here-
by elected to the Joint Committee of Con-
gress on the Library, to serve with the chair 
of the Committee on House Administration 
and the chair of the Subcommittee on the 
Legislative Branch of the Committee on Ap-
propriations: 
(1) Mr. Butterfield. 
(2) Mr. Rodney Davis of Illinois. 
(3) Mr. Loudermilk. 
(b) JOINT
COMMITTEE
ON
PRINTING.—The 
following Members are hereby elected to the 
Joint Committee on Printing, to serve with 
the chair of the Committee on House Admin-
istration: 
(1) Mr. Raskin. 
(2) Ms. Leger Fernandez. 
(3) Mr. Rodney Davis of Illinois. 
(4) Mr. Loudermilk. 
The resolution was agreed to. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
SENATE SHARED EMPLOYEE ACT 
Ms. SCANLON. Madam Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent to take from 
the Speaker’s table the bill (S. 422) to 
allow Senators, Senators-elect, com-
mittees of the Senate, leadership of-
fices, and other offices of the Senate to 
share employees, and for other pur-
poses, and ask for its immediate con-
sideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-
woman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 422 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Senate 
Shared Employee Act’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:29 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00027
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A16AP7.010
H16APPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 26-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1874 
April 16, 2021 
SEC. 2. ALLOWING SENATORS, COMMITTEES, 
LEADERSHIP OFFICES, AND OTHER 
OFFICES OF THE SENATE TO SHARE 
EMPLOYEES. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 114 of the Legis-
lative Branch Appropriation Act, 1978 (2 
U.S.C. 4576) is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(a)’’ before ‘‘Notwith-
standing’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘position, each of’’ and all 
that follows through the period at the end 
and inserting the following: ‘‘qualifying posi-
tion if the aggregate gross pay from those 
positions does not exceed— 
‘‘(1) the maximum rate specified in section 
105(d)(2) of the Legislative Branch Appro-
priation Act, 1968 (2 U.S.C. 4575(d)(2)), as 
amended and modified; or 
‘‘(2) in a case where 1 or more of the indi-
vidual’s qualifying positions are positions 
described in subsection (d)(2)(B), the max-
imum rate specified in section 105(e)(3) of the 
Legislative Branch Appropriation Act, 1968 (2 
U.S.C. 4575(e)(3)), as amended and modified.’’; 
and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(b)(1) For an individual serving in more 
than 1 qualifying position under subsection 
(a), the cost of any travel for official busi-
ness shall be paid by the office authorizing 
the travel. 
‘‘(2) Messages for each electronic mail ac-
count used in connection with carrying out 
the official duties of an individual serving in 
more than 1 qualifying position under sub-
section (a) may be delivered to and sent from 
a single handheld communications device 
provided to the individual for purposes of of-
ficial business. 
‘‘(3)(A) For purposes of the Ethics in Gov-
ernment Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), the rate 
of basic pay for an individual serving in more 
than 1 qualifying position under subsection 
(a) shall be the total basic pay received by 
the individual from all such positions. 
‘‘(B) For an individual serving in more 
than one qualifying position under sub-
section (a), for purposes of the rights and ob-
ligations described in, or described in the 
provisions applied under, title II of the Con-
gressional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 
U.S.C. 1311 et seq.) related to practices used 
at a time when the individual is serving in 
such a qualifying position with an employing 
office, the rate of pay for the individual shall 
be the individual rate of pay received from 
the employing office. 
‘‘(c)(1) If the duties of a qualifying position 
under subsection (a) include information 
technology services and support, an indi-
vidual may only serve in the qualifying posi-
tion and 1 or more additional qualifying po-
sitions under such subsection if the indi-
vidual is in compliance with each informa-
tion technology standard and policy estab-
lished for Senate offices by the Office of the 
Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper of the 
Senate. 
‘‘(2) Notwithstanding subsection (a), an 
employee serving in a qualifying position in 
the Office of the Secretary of the Senate or 
the Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Door-
keeper of the Senate may serve in an addi-
tional qualifying position only if— 
‘‘(A) the other qualifying position is with 
the other Office; or 
‘‘(B) the Committee on Rules and Adminis-
tration of the Senate has approved the ar-
rangement. 
‘‘(d) In this section, the term ‘qualifying 
position’ means a position that— 
‘‘(1) is designated as a shared position for 
purposes of this section by the Senator or 
other head of the office in which the position 
is located; and 
‘‘(2) is one of the following: 
‘‘(A) A position— 
‘‘(i) that is in the office of a Senator; and 
‘‘(ii) the pay of which is disbursed by the 
Secretary of the Senate. 
‘‘(B) A position— 
‘‘(i) that is in any committee of the Senate 
(including a select or special committee) or 
a joint committee of Congress; and 
‘‘(ii) the pay of which is disbursed by the 
Secretary of the Senate out of an appropria-
tion under the heading ‘INQUIRIES AND INVES-
TIGATIONS’ or ‘JOINT ECONOMIC COMMITTEE’, 
or a heading relating to a Joint Congres-
sional Committee on Inaugural Ceremonies. 
‘‘(C) A position— 
‘‘(i) that is in another office (excluding the 
Office of the Vice President and the Office of 
the Chaplain of the Senate); and 
‘‘(ii) the pay of which is disbursed by the 
Secretary of the Senate out of an appropria-
tion under the heading ‘SALARIES, OFFICERS 
AND EMPLOYEES’. 
‘‘(D) A position— 
‘‘(i) that is filled pursuant to section 105 of 
the Second Supplemental Appropriations 
Act, 1978 (2 U.S.C. 6311); and 
‘‘(ii) the pay of which is disbursed by the 
Secretary of the Senate out of an appropria-
tion 
under 
the 
heading 
‘MISCELLANEOUS 
ITEMS’.’’. 
(b) EFFECTIVE
DATE.—The amendments 
made by subsection (a) shall take effect be-
ginning on the day that is 6 months after the 
date of enactment of this Act. 
The bill was ordered to be read a 
third time, was read the third time, 
and passed, and a motion to reconsider 
was laid on the table. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM 
(Mr. SCALISE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. SCALISE. Madam Speaker, I rise 
for the purpose of inquiring of the ma-
jority leader the schedule for next 
week. I yield to the gentleman from 
Maryland (Mr. HOYER). 
Mr. 
HOYER. 
Madam 
Speaker, 
I 
thank the gentleman for yielding. 
Madam Speaker, on Monday, the 
House will meet at noon for morning- 
hour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative 
business, with votes expected no earlier 
than 6:30 p.m. 
On Tuesday, the House will meet at 
10 a.m. for morning-hour debate and 12 
p.m. for legislative business. 
On Wednesday, the House will meet 
at 12 p.m. for legislative business. 
On Thursday, the House will meet at 
9 a.m. for legislative business, with last 
votes no later than 3 p.m. 
We will consider several bills under 
suspension of the rules. The complete 
list of suspension bills will be an-
nounced by the close of business today. 
In addition, Madam Speaker, we will 
consider bills relating to justice and 
civil rights: H.R. 1333, the NO BAN Act, 
which prevents origin-based discrimi-
nation against those seeking to visit 
our country to do business, see family, 
or engage in tourism, rejecting the pre-
vious administration’s policy of ban-
ning arrivals from predominantly Mus-
lim countries; H.R. 1573, the Access to 
Counsel 
Act, 
which 
reaffirms 
key 
American principles of justice with re-
gard to immigrants’ rights to counsel 
during status hearings; and then lastly, 
H.R. 51, standing for the 51st State. 
H.R. 51 is the Washington, D.C. Admis-
sion Act, to admit the District of Co-
lumbia as a State and provide equal 
representation in Congress for its resi-
dents. 
That will be our schedule for the 
week to come. The following 2 weeks in 
April will be our committee workweeks 
so that the committees can produce ad-
ditional product for consideration on 
the floor of the House of Representa-
tives. 
Mr. SCALISE. Madam Speaker, I 
know, just yesterday, one of the Mem-
bers of the House Democrat leadership 
team, Chairman NADLER, introduced a 
bill to pack the Supreme Court. 
This is a proposal that we have seen 
in other countries. Unfortunately, it is 
in mostly socialist countries. If you 
look at some of the examples, in 2004, 
Venezuelan 
dictator 
Hugo 
Chavez 
packed his court, and the result was to-
talitarian dominance for his socialist 
regime. Congressman GIMENEZ, who 
himself fled Cuba, fled a communist re-
gime, said just recently on court-pack-
ing: 
Packing the courts is a tactic used by bru-
tal dictatorships to consolidate the socialist 
power, which resulted in tens of thousands of 
court rulings in its favor, basically destroy-
ing the country. 
I wanted to ask the gentleman, is 
that court-packing bill a bill that the 
majority is going to be bringing to the 
floor or even marking up in com-
mittee? I yield to the gentleman from 
Maryland. 
Mr. HOYER. I have not had a discus-
sion with Mr. NADLER, but as the gen-
tleman knows, we have a lot of work to 
do on the floor of the House of Rep-
resentatives, and we intend to get that 
work done. We have not considered 
bringing to the floor the bill to which 
the gentleman refers. 
Did the gentleman in his research 
find any instances in any authoritarian 
country where they refused to consider 
a constitutional appointee to their Su-
preme Court that the President, with 
10 months on his term, sent down to 
the United States Senate or some other 
body in those countries? 
Mr. SCALISE. Madam Speaker, I 
haven’t read the Constitution of Ven-
ezuela, but I know in the Constitution 
of the United States, it actually gives 
the Senate the advise-and-consent role, 
the responsibility, as it relates to Su-
preme Court picks. Obviously, that has 
been kept. 
The borking incident was probably 
the 
most 
embarrassing, 
egregious 
abuse that started this back-and-forth, 
where individual Supreme Court picks 
became more personally scrutinized. 
That process has been abused in cases 
like Bork. 
Even the Kavanaugh hearing got out 
of control, where disgraceful false alle-
gations were made. 
But in the end, the Senate’s advise- 
and-consent role is part of the United 
States Constitution. I don’t know if 
the gentleman is suggesting that that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:29 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00028
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A16AP7.031
H16APPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 27-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1875 
April 16, 2021 
should be changed. I don’t see it. Even 
with a Democratic majority right now, 
I wouldn’t suggest changing that proc-
ess that is in our Constitution. 
Mr. HOYER. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. SCALISE. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Maryland. 
Mr. HOYER. Madam Speaker, I don’t 
know about the Nadler bill, but I do 
know that the Constitution says noth-
ing about the Senate’s ability to sim-
ply refuse to consider an appointee of 
the President of the United States. I 
don’t think the Founders had any con-
cept that that would be the case when 
they gave the power of appointment to 
the President of the United States. 
b 1230 
And then when that occurred, when 
the present Attorney General was ap-
pointed to the Supreme Court, MITCH 
MCCONNELL said, We are not going to 
consider it, ten months before the end 
of the term of a President of the United 
States. And then they said the reason 
being is because we have an election 
coming up in just a few months—in 
that case, it was 8 months—and the 
next President ought to appoint. 
Madam Speaker, that deep principle 
enunciated by Mr. MCCONNELL, by Mr. 
GRAHAM, and others—who was the 
chairman of the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, that deep principle was aban-
doned immediately when it became po-
litically pragmatic for the Republican 
Party to do so and steal a Supreme 
Court justice. 
So he can talk about socialism all he 
wants. What a distraction that is. A 
failure to want to discuss on the merits 
of the issues. 
So what do they do, Madam Speaker? 
They talk about socialism or com-
munism or dictatorship, none of which 
we have in the United States of Amer-
ica. 
Now, we just lost a President of the 
United States that, in my experience— 
and I have served with many Presi-
dents of the United States—was the 
most authoritarian-seeking President 
with whom I have served. 
Madam Speaker, so I tell my friend 
that we are going to focus on issues im-
portant to the American people. We 
want to pass a jobs bill to make sure 
that America is competitive in the 21st 
century. We want to pass a jobs bill to 
make sure that families have good-pay-
ing jobs that they can support them-
selves and their families. We want to 
support bills that build America back 
better. I want an America that makes 
sure that everybody can ‘‘make it in 
America,’’ not only manufacture it in 
America but make it in America. That 
is what we are going to be focused on. 
Madam Speaker, we hope that the de-
bate is on the merits of those pro-
posals, not some aspersion of some ide-
ological tinge that they may think 
their supporters regale at. 
Mr. SCALISE. Madam Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman for yielding back. 
This is the bill. It is not even a page 
and a half, but the real change in law 
by the Member of House Democratic 
leadership Chairman NADLER, says, ‘‘A 
Chief Justice of the United States and 
12 Associate Justices, any eight of 
whom shall constitute a quorum.’’ So 
in essence, a hostile takeover of the 
United States Supreme Court, not 
going through the traditional process 
that has been in place for over 100 
years. 
And I think the gentleman knows, if 
you go back historically, the President 
in power when the Senate was led by a 
different party—I can’t recall a case in 
generations where if in the election 
year there was a vacancy in the Su-
preme Court it was filled. 
And everybody in the country knew 
that that was an issue in the election 
of 2016. In fact, it was probably one of 
the deciding issues that helped elect 
President Trump, was that there was 
that vacancy and the public wanted to 
be engaged in the direction of the coun-
try, as well as the direction of the 
court. It was absolutely a heavily de-
bated item in the 2016 Presidential 
election and President Trump won that 
election. 
But, again, I have never heard any-
body suggesting changing the Constitu-
tion to take away the Senate’s advise 
and consent role. But we do see here a 
bill that was filed just this week by a 
leader in the Democratic Party to have 
a hostile takeover of the Supreme 
Court, similar to what has been done in 
socialist countries. And I think it is 
important to point to who has proposed 
those kinds of changes in the past, and 
what it has led to. And I know Presi-
dent Biden himself is on the record 
many times criticizing heavily the idea 
of packing the Supreme Court. 
Now, that was before he was Presi-
dent. Now that it would be him that 
would be able to appoint these extra 
judges, I don’t know if his position has 
changed. But it is a dangerous prece-
dent. It is the kind of precedent that 
exists in Soviet-style nations. I sure 
hope it is not here. 
But Mr. NADLER did just say yester-
day 
when 
asked 
about 
Speaker 
PELOSI’s position, he said, ‘‘Speaker 
PELOSI and others will come along.’’ So 
I was just wondering if that was some-
thing that the gentleman was planning 
on bringing to the floor that would be 
a divisive issue as opposed to things 
that we could work together on, like 
infrastructure, that would be unifying. 
And obviously, there is a lot of talk 
about infrastructure. This is something 
that there is tremendous interest in on 
both sides of the aisle. I know Chair-
man DEFAZIO, as well as Ranking Mem-
ber SAM GRAVES, have had a lot of con-
versations about things that we could 
agree on. And I would hope that would 
be the approach that we take, unlike 
the bill that over 90 percent of which 
had nothing to do with the COVID—the 
$1.9 trillion spending bill, which was 
hyper-partisan. 
Madam Speaker, I hope we approach 
this in a bipartisan way. Because as I 
said, there are clearly Members on 
both sides that want to agree on an in-
frastructure bill and have lots of areas 
of agreement if we are talking about 
infrastructure. And by infrastructure, I 
think most Americans—if you asked 
them what they thought was infra-
structure, 
they 
would 
say 
roads, 
bridges, 
ports, 
waterways, 
and 
broadband. 
Once you get into social policy and 
Green New Deal-type policies or tax 
hikes that would make America the 
highest rate above Communist China in 
terms of tax policy—the National Asso-
ciation of Manufacturers said that the 
kind of proposal that is being floated in 
the partisan approach would kill over 1 
million American jobs. 
So I appreciate the gentleman from 
Maryland talking about jobs. Why 
would we want to approach this in such 
a partisan way that we would threaten 
millions of jobs, that we would make 
America 
uncompetitive 
again, 
and 
Communist China would have a lower 
tax rate than America? Hopefully, we 
do the bipartisan approach and not a 
partisan approach. 
And I yield to the gentleman to en-
lighten us on what direction is being 
approached right now. 
Mr. HOYER. The gentleman refers to 
Communist China, apparently wants to 
follow that example. A communist au-
thoritarian 
government 
that 
owns 
most of the manufacturing capability 
in China—not all of it. It is ironic that 
in two different debates in less than 5 
minutes that the gentleman would 
point to China as the example of what 
perhaps we ought to do, when their tax 
policy is approximately 100 percent, ex-
cept what they want to allow their 
citizens to have. 
Madam Speaker, let me just close on 
that point with: The Supreme Court 
has been packed. 
Mr. SCALISE. Madam Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman. 
Finally, I want to bring up the crisis 
that our Nation is facing at our south-
ern border. And this has been a crisis 
that has been brewing for months. It is 
not an overnight problem, but it is an 
executive order-created problem when 
President Biden on day one got rid of 
some policies that were working in-
credibly well. 
And every border patrol agent that I 
have talked—and I was on the border 
last week, Thursday and Friday, in 
McCollum, Texas, and in Donna, Texas, 
at the Donna processing facility—every 
border agent said the same thing. They 
said getting rid of the remain in Mex-
ico policy, that one action alone 
opened up the floodgates to a surge, 
thousands of people a day crossing our 
border illegally. 
Then you couple that with the dete-
rioration of the Northern Triangle 
agreements. And, yes, it was President 
Trump who negotiated those agree-
ments with Mexico, with Honduras, 
with El Salvador, with Guatemala. And 
maybe President Biden just doesn’t 
like the fact that President Trump did 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:29 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00029
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K16AP7.038
H16APPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 28-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1876 
April 16, 2021 
something that was working well. Why 
doesn’t he renegotiate those agree-
ments and call them his own? But they 
were working. 
Madam Speaker, now today, it is so 
out of control that we have, for exam-
ple, at the Donna processing facility, a 
facility designed for about a 250-person 
capacity—when I was visiting that fa-
cility last Friday, there was over 4,000 
people—young 
kids, 
primarily— 
crammed into that facility, in those 
holding cells like sardines. 
In fact, yesterday, we had a com-
mittee hearing with Dr. Fauci and CDC 
Director Walensky. And I asked them 
specifically about what is going on 
down at our southern border; showed 
them some of the pictures that have 
been taken. 
And if you look at the CDC guidance 
that is out there on how we, as Amer-
ican citizens, have to conduct our-
selves—if you own a restaurant, for ex-
ample, whether it is in Baltimore, New 
Orleans, or anywhere else, if there is a 
capacity limit, and if that limit was 250 
people, if there were 4,000 people in 
that restaurant, it would be shut down 
today. And I asked both Dr. Fauci and 
Dr. Walensky: Would that facility be in 
violation of CDC guidelines? And both 
of them said, Yes, in testimony under 
oath. 
And then I talked to them about 
what is happening at our southern bor-
der. And I asked them: Are these condi-
tions in compliance with CDC guid-
ance? Both Dr. Fauci and Dr. Walensky 
said: No, this is not. 
We talked about the Donna detention 
facility and the inhumane treatment of 
these young children by the Biden ad-
ministration in that facility. And I 
asked Dr. Fauci: Is that facility, the 
conditions in which they are treating 
those young kids by the Biden adminis-
tration in compliance with the CDC 
guidance? And Dr. Fauci said: No. And 
Dr. Walensky, the CDC director, testi-
fied the exact same way, that: No, 
those are not in compliance. And in 
fact, as we know, they are coming 
across from Mexico. 
Do you know that the CDC guidance 
designates Mexico as the most dan-
gerous nation right now? Along with 
probably a few others, but they are the 
most dangerous in terms of COVID 
transmission. 
So CDC guidance encourages Amer-
ican citizens not to go to Mexico, but 
they say if you do come back from 
Mexico, you are mandated by the CDC 
to show a COVID-negative test before 
you, as an American citizen, can come 
back into the United States. 
Do you know that not one of these 
people are being tested for COVID when 
they come in illegally across the Rio 
Grande from Mexico? And then many 
of them are being put on airplanes, 
without ID, being paid for mostly by 
the taxpayers—put on airplanes to fly 
off into cities all across the country. 
Border patrol agents have told us at 
least 15 percent of these people that 
crossed illegally are COVID-positive. 
So I asked Dr. Walensky and I asked 
Dr. Fauci: Does that process by the 
Biden administration violate CDC’s 
guidance on travel from Mexico? And 
they both testified that, yes, in fact, it 
does. That if they are getting on an 
airplane, they should be testing nega-
tive for COVID. None of them are, and 
in fact, some of them are known to be 
COVID-positive, being put on airplanes, 
flying to cities all across this country. 
It is going on right now. It was going 
on Friday. About half the plane that I 
was on when I flew from McAllen back 
home had people with folders that said: 
I do not speak English, and it had a 
city on it. And it was multiple cities. 
But this is what the Biden adminis-
tration is doing in violation of CDC 
guidance that you and I have to follow, 
that our constituents who are seeing 
their livelihoods crushed, their res-
taurants 
closed 
down—many 
that 
won’t open again ever—because they 
have to play by the rules that CDC and 
their States issue. And yet, the Biden 
administration 
is 
exempting 
them-
selves from this. 
Madam Speaker, now we have legis-
lation, I would like to bring up to the 
majority leader, that would fix this: 
My colleague, Mrs. MILLER-MEEKS, 
requires that a COVID test be done be-
fore someone is released from CPB cus-
tody. 
Ms. HERRELL wants to prohibit DHS 
from ceasing title 42. 
There is a bipartisan bill by Mr. 
KATKO and Mr. CUELLAR, which estab-
lishes a regular migration surge border 
response fund. 
Madam Speaker, I would like to ask 
the gentleman if he would bring those 
bills to the floor to address this crisis 
at the border that is not only a human-
itarian crisis and a national security 
crisis, but it is a Biden-created crisis 
that is violating the very CDC guid-
ance, according to Dr. Fauci, that 
American citizens have to follow. 
Madam Speaker, I yield to the gen-
tleman. 
Mr. HOYER. Madam Speaker, we 
have a situation that is heart-wrench-
ing and unacceptable. And it must be 
dealt with. In part, this situation 
comes because of the draconian poli-
cies of the previous administration. 
It comes also because Republicans 
have refused, in both Houses, to come 
to agreement on a comprehensive im-
migration reform bill. So we have 
chaos as a result because our immigra-
tion system, as I believe almost every 
Member of your side of the aisle and 
every Member of my side of the aisle 
believes, is broken. 
Now, unfortunately, what we see in 
that picture is broken systems causing 
great danger, apprehension, and fear 
among many people who are fleeing to 
America for refuge. It has, of course, 
Lady Liberty at the head of the harbor, 
the Hudson River, raises her torch and 
says, ‘‘That is what America is for.’’ 
Now, having said that, this situation 
is unacceptable. It is unacceptable for 
humanitarian reasons. It is unaccept-
able for the safety of not only those 
people that are in that picture, but for 
American citizens as well. 
Madam Speaker, now it is my under-
standing that the CDC’s existing pan-
demic public health order for closed 
borders is, in fact, being followed. In 
Texas, Arizona, New Mexico, Cali-
fornia, unaccompanied children cross-
ing the border are tested—are tested— 
by the Department of Health and 
Human Services. The migrants enter-
ing ICE facilities are tested, and they 
are quarantined if they test positive. 
So protections are trying to be effec-
tive, and this administration is work-
ing very hard to ensure the safety of 
Americans and the safety of these 
many children who have come across 
the border. 
b 1245 
None of them have been taken out of 
the arms of their parents. None of 
them have been made orphans by this 
administration. 
I didn’t hear the gentleman lament-
ing the fact that we had hundreds of 
children who had been taken out of the 
arms of their parents, and then they 
could not be found—that is, their par-
ents. They could not be reunited with 
their parents. 
This is a challenge. It is not a par-
tisan challenge. It is a challenge for 
America. It is a challenge for us all. 
This administration is working to 
try to come to a solution that is both 
humanitarian and effective. I am hope-
ful that they will proceed in accom-
plishing that objective. 
The gentleman mentions the policies 
of the Trump administration, which 
substantially underfunded its own poli-
cies of trying to help the Northern Tri-
angle countries. When I say help the 
triangle countries, unfortunately, the 
leadership of those countries, in too 
many instances, is not trying to help 
itself. So, we see panicked people flee-
ing. 
Madam Speaker, I don’t know wheth-
er the gentleman from Louisiana, my 
friend, Mr. SCALISE, saw the pictures of 
two children being dropped over the 
fence—by the way, that very large 
fence, billions of dollars of fence. 
Smugglers dropped two children over 
the fence. That is how secure it was. 
The tragedy of those children being 
dropped over that fence alone, I don’t 
care where they are from or who they 
are, but my faith teaches me that they 
may be strangers, but they are broth-
ers and sisters. 
In that context, we need to come to 
grips, and I am hopeful that the gen-
tleman will support the administra-
tion’s desire to get a comprehensive 
immigration bill adopted in this Con-
gress. 
In 2013, the Senate passed, Madam 
Speaker, a bill which was supported by 
Democrats and Republicans, 14 Repub-
lican Members of the United States 
Senate. We pleaded with the Repub-
lican leadership to bring that bill to 
the floor. They will say they brought a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:29 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00030
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K16AP7.040
H16APPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 29-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1877 
April 16, 2021 
bill to the floor, and they did bring a 
bill to the floor, and almost nobody 
thought it was effective in accom-
plishing the objective of having an im-
migration system that would work. 
So, I tell the gentleman, the pictures 
that he is displaying ought to concern 
us all deeply. We ought to urge all of 
our colleagues to cooperate and work 
toward making sure that we don’t have 
scenes like that and that we have the 
ability to deal with this surge at the 
border in a humane way. 
But no one in the previous adminis-
tration can wash their hands of the re-
sponsibility of creating a situation 
which—the gentleman says Mexico is 
adjudged to be one of the most dan-
gerous nations on Earth for COVID–19. 
The previous administration said to 
people trying to seek solace and health 
and safety: Stay. Stay in the most dan-
gerous nation on Earth for COVID–19. 
I don’t know whether that is a very 
humane policy. That is not a sanctuary 
for people who are in dire straits. 
We said ‘‘no’’ to some people who 
came here from Germany. We said, no, 
you can’t come in. Many of them re-
turned in the 1930s and early 1940s and 
were slaughtered. They came here for 
sanctuary and found none. 
That doesn’t mean we can take ev-
erybody, but it does mean that we need 
to deal with it in a humanitarian way, 
in a way that honors our values and 
honors these people as our fellow 
human beings. 
So, I tell the gentleman, in conclu-
sion, that these are sad scenes, and we 
need to respond to them in a humani-
tarian way, but also a smart way. We 
need to respond to the cause as well as 
the effect. 
Mr. SCALISE. As we talk about asy-
lum, let’s be clear, America has laws 
on how someone can seek asylum. I 
haven’t seen anybody suggest that 
those laws are just repealed, and you 
just take somebody’s word that if they 
say they want to come to America to 
seek asylum, to come in today and 
jump ahead of everyone else. 
Mr. HOYER. Will the gentleman 
yield on the asylum issue? 
Mr. SCALISE. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Maryland. 
Mr. HOYER. Does the gentleman be-
lieve we ought to obey America’s laws 
on asylum? 
Mr. SCALISE. I think we ought to 
obey America’s laws on immigration 
across the board. If you look at the 
asylum laws, there is a process to seek 
asylum. 
In fact, every year, people are grant-
ed that asylum if they prove their case. 
That is where the law comes into play, 
which is being ignored right here. 
What President Trump did when 
there was a surge in 2019, he confronted 
it, as a leader should do. He talked to 
people on the ground. He talked to our 
Border Patrol agents, who are the ones 
who have to deal with this crisis on a 
daily basis. 
In fact, 40 percent of our Border Pa-
trol agents tonight at midnight, like 
Thursday night at midnight last week, 
when I was with those Border Patrol 
agents, 40 percent of them were pulled 
off of guarding our border, where their 
primary mission is to stop drug cartels 
from smuggling fentanyl, cocaine, and 
heroin into our country, which they 
are doing now at much higher levels, 
killing Americans all across the coun-
try. 
Forty percent of them pulled away 
because they are going to be changing 
diapers in the Donna detention facility 
tonight because that is what they are 
being tasked to do by the Biden admin-
istration. That is not their job. It is 
not why they signed up. Their morale 
is incredibly low. 
Well over roughly 90 percent of peo-
ple who say they are coming here to 
seek asylum, those cases are rejected 
by the courts. Rejected. In fact, it is 
kind of hard to make an asylum claim 
here when the parents of many of these 
kids you are seeing here paid thou-
sands of dollars to the drug cartels to 
smuggle their kids and themselves into 
the United States. It is hard to claim 
economic asylum, which is the case 
many of them plead, when you paid 
$4,000 to try to come here illegally 
when there is a legal process to come 
here, not just the normal legal process 
where you can wait to come into Amer-
ica legally, where we let a million peo-
ple into our country every year, the 
most generous nation in the world, 
America. But when they go around 
that system, that is where it over-
whelms our system. That is what is 
going on right now. 
President Trump confronted it, not 
by saying no one can come in, but by 
saying you have to follow our laws if 
you want to come here. If you want to 
seek asylum, you have to request it 
like everyone else. They allowed them 
to even come through South and Cen-
tral American countries but stay in 
Mexico. Mexico agreed with this, and 
there was an orderly system. You got 
to hear your claim in a very expedient 
way. 
Today, they are given a piece of 
paper when they come across the bor-
der illegally, saying: Come show up 
maybe 5 years from now. 
Good luck with that. Then, they are 
given a free plane ticket, without an 
ID, to just be sent off to some other 
State. I saw manila envelopes, and 
once you got below the ‘‘I do not speak 
English,’’ Dallas was on one, Philadel-
phia was on one, New Jersey was on 
one. 
I don’t know what is going to happen 
to them when they land in New Jersey 
if they can’t speak English. What 
school system are they going to be 
placed in? Who is then going to be re-
sponsible for this breakdown at our 
southern border, which was created by 
President Biden, which he could fix 
today? 
I have urged President Biden to go 
down to the border and see this for 
himself, to see how inhumane he is 
treating kids, in violation of his own 
CDC 
guidelines, 
which 
Dr. 
Fauci 
verified yesterday. 
If you read the child abuse and ne-
glect laws of the State of Texas where 
this facility is, this is a violation of the 
child abuse and negligent laws at the 
President Biden-run facility. 
Again, President Trump went and ne-
gotiated with Mexico, went and nego-
tiated with those Northern Triangle 
countries to resolve the surge. This 
could be resolved as well, and you don’t 
need to reinvent the wheel because 
there was a method for how to resolve 
it legally, using the legal system that 
America has. 
Sure, I would agree it needs reforms, 
not an amnesty reform, where you send 
a magnet not only across South and 
Central America but around the world 
that America’s borders are open, be-
cause that is the message today. As the 
gentleman knows, there are at least six 
people on the terrorist watch list who 
have come across America’s southern 
border. I am not talking about from 
South and Central American countries, 
but from Middle Eastern countries, 
from 
Eastern 
European 
countries. 
Those are just the ones we know of 
that we have caught, and the Biden ad-
ministration won’t share that data 
with the media. The Biden administra-
tion wouldn’t even let the press into 
this facility, which is a national dis-
grace. 
I could imagine what the press would 
have said if the Trump administration 
was housing kids in a 33-person facil-
ity. There are over 400 crammed into a 
33-person cell in the middle of a pan-
demic. 
Again, Dr. Fauci said this violates 
every protocol there is when we are 
trying to get our economy reopened. 
Other 
countries 
have 
to 
control 
COVID, too, but in America, we are 
trying to control it. 
Here is where the double standard 
and hypocrisy are driving people nuts. 
If any American citizen ran their busi-
ness in America like this, they would 
be shut down by the Federal Govern-
ment today. Yet, people can come here 
illegally, and the Biden administration 
is running this facility in violation of 
those very same guidances. 
Do you know what happened to 
them? They are given a free airplane 
ticket, put on an airplane, possibly 
with COVID, and sent into some inte-
rior State of America. We don’t even 
know where they are going. The Biden 
administration won’t share that. 
We have asked for a meeting, by the 
way. Our leadership team, Leader 
MCCARTHY
and I, have asked for a 
meeting with President Biden to talk 
about this crisis, and he refuses to 
meet with us about it. Just ignoring a 
problem will not make it go away. If 
we are going to find a solution to this— 
again, I listed a number of bills, includ-
ing some that are bipartisan, that 
would start solving this problem. 
President Biden doesn’t even want to 
go. He put Vice President HARRIS in 
charge of this mess, and she won’t even 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:29 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00031
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K16AP7.042
H16APPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 30-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1878 
April 16, 2021 
go down to the border, maybe because 
she doesn’t want to be associated with 
President Biden’s debacle. 
She was put in charge of it. She is 
the Vice President of the United 
States. She has a responsibility to go 
down there. She should have gone there 
weeks ago, but she still hasn’t been. 
Maybe if they saw that, if they 
looked into the eyes of these young 
kids—one of the first girls we ran into 
might have been 10 years old, a girl in 
one of these cells, and she was crying. 
We asked her: Why are you crying? And 
she said: I don’t want to be here. 
She is an orphan. The gentleman 
talked about orphans. All of these kids, 
there are no parents with them. They 
don’t want to be here. Many were cry-
ing because they are jammed into these 
cells for 20 hours a day, at least 15 per-
cent with COVID, 6 inches apart, not 6 
feet apart. That is what the Biden ad-
ministration is doing right now. 
President Trump fixed this problem. 
Again, if President Biden just doesn’t 
like President Trump, call it his own 
name. We don’t care. The template, if 
he doesn’t want to do what actually 
worked, then do something else that 
works. But just doing this, it is not 
only a national disgrace, Dr. Fauci and 
Dr. Walensky said it is a violation of 
the CDC protocols that every American 
taxpayer has to follow. And they don’t. 
Exempting themselves from a problem, 
but making everybody else comply 
with it, is no way to instill confidence 
in the American people. 
I hope the President goes down there. 
I hope the President resolves this issue. 
He should meet with us. He said he 
wanted to unify the country. He said he 
wanted to work with everybody. It is 
time he starts following through on 
those promises. 
Mr. HOYER. Donald Trump didn’t fix 
the problem; he delayed the problem. 
That is what happened. That is what 
those pictures reflect. 
He didn’t fix the problem. He would 
say to those kids: Get out of here. Go 
back to Mexico. Maybe you have a par-
ent there, maybe you have somebody 
who will take care of you, but get out 
of here. 
That was one way to ‘‘solve’’ the 
problem, I presume. Those kids didn’t 
go away. The fear that they have for 
being home didn’t go away. 
Now, I have said, Madam Speaker, 
this is something that we all need to 
deal with from a compassionate stand-
point, from a legal standpoint, and 
from a human standpoint, which I 
guess 
is 
redundant 
to 
‘‘compas-
sionate.’’ But the fact of the matter is 
that President Trump did not solve 
this problem; he simply delayed it. 
When he left, the pressure was so 
great because they did not believe that 
this President would simply throw 
them to the wolves, take them from 
their parents, treat them as refuse. 
We need to deal with this, and, hope-
fully, we will. Hopefully we will get 
comprehensive immigration reform. 
I will say again that one of the rea-
sons that we have the problem of not 
adjudicating these people quickly is be-
cause we don’t have enough judges. 
And the reason we don’t have enough 
judges, which were included both in the 
2013 bill and the subsequent reform 
bills, is because we haven’t passed bills 
to provide the judges on the theory 
that if we don’t provide the judges, 
then we won’t be able to approve asy-
lum and people won’t be able to get in. 
Madam Speaker, I am at the end of 
this circuitous argument. 
b 1300 
Mr. SCALISE. Madam Speaker, these 
are children being thrown to the 
wolves, and it is not President Trump 
who is doing it. It could end, and I hope 
we can work together to solve this 
problem. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
f 
UNIONIZATION 
(Mr. LEVIN of Michigan asked and 
was given permission to address the 
House for 1 minute and to revise and 
extend his remarks.) 
Mr. LEVIN of Michigan. Madam 
Speaker, I rise in support of the Pro-
tecting the Right to Organize, or PRO, 
Act. 
In 1987, I was arrested for standing on 
a public sidewalk. 
My crime? 
I was seeking to help hospital work-
ers organize with SEIU. That was one 
of 
many 
experiences 
I 
had 
dem-
onstrating how American elections for 
workers to form a union are more like 
political elections in a dictatorship 
than in a democracy. 
The recent union election at an Ama-
zon warehouse in Alabama shows just 
how stacked the deck is against work-
ers. It shows the power wielded by com-
panies large and small and the lengths 
they will go to keep owners and execu-
tives reaping the benefits of growing 
productivity, even at the expense of 
their workers’ very dignity. 
It shows the urgent need for change. 
The Senate must send the PRO Act to 
the President’s desk. 
f 
RECOGNIZING SIKH MASTER GURU 
TEGH BAHADUR 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-
dress the House for 1 minute and to re-
vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today to recog-
nize and congratulate the American 
and global Sikh community as they 
celebrate the 400th birth anniversary of 
their ninth Sikh Master Guru Tegh 
Bahadur. 
Master Guru Tegh Bahadur lived a 
very meaningful life. He was one of the 
10 gurus who founded Sikhism. 
Islam was imposed during the reign 
of Mughal Emperor Aurangzeb. Hindu 
temples were destroyed and turned into 
mosques, and the emperor persecuted 
those who would not convert to Islamic 
law. 
Guru Tegh Bahadur spoke out amid 
the persecution. He refused to convert 
to Islam and, in 1675, he was beheaded 
in Delhi. He is celebrated in the Sikh 
community because of his heroic ef-
forts in defending religious freedoms. 
Because of his efforts to protect human 
rights, he is often referred to as Srishti 
Chadar, protector of humanity. 
Madam Speaker, Master Guru Tegh 
Bahadur’s memory inspires us to work 
even harder to support religious free-
doms for everyone everywhere. 
f 
RECOGNIZING OFFICERS JEFFREY 
JOHNSON AND MICHAEL POLLACK 
(Mr. MALINOWSKI asked and was 
given permission to address the House 
for 1 minute.) 
Mr. MALINOWSKI. Madam Speaker, 
as we mourn the victims of another 
senseless mass shooting in America, I 
rise to recognize two police officers in 
my district: Jeffrey Johnson and Mi-
chael Pollack of the Westfield Police 
Department, who prevented a potential 
mass shooting in my district in 2019. 
On June 13 of that year, Officers 
Johnson and Pollack responded to a 
call at Tamaques Elementary School 
in Westfield, where they were met with 
a man armed with a .45-caliber gun, 
hollow-point bullets, and 130 rounds of 
ammunition; an arsenal much of which 
is not legal in New Jersey, but which 
he had obtained legally in another 
State. 
The officers disarmed and arrested 
the man, potentially saving the lives of 
teachers, staff, and kids. The officers 
recently received the Hero Award from 
our Union County Prosecutor’s Office, 
and I continue to honor their heroism 
here on the House floor today. 
This incident is another reminder 
that while we have strong gun laws in 
New Jersey and one of the lowest rates 
of gun violence fatalities in the coun-
try, as a result, many of our neigh-
boring States do not. As long as our 
gun laws are inconsistent across State 
lines, those who wish to commit mass 
murder will find the means to do so. 
f 
AMERICAN STEEL FOR AMERICAN 
INFRASTRUCTURE 
(Mr. FORTENBERRY asked and was 
given permission to address the House 
for 1 minute and to revise and extend 
his remarks.) 
Mr. FORTENBERRY. Madam Speak-
er, a long time ago, I made the decision 
to stand by the people who grow our 
food, protect our country, and make 
our stuff. Now, for a moment, if we 
could put aside the ever-expanding def-
inition of infrastructure, I think we 
could agree on a basic principle: if we 
are going to ask American taxpayers to 
fund 
new 
American 
infrastructure, 
then we need to use American compa-
nies, American steel, and American 
labor. 
It is especially important that Amer-
ican-made steel not be outsourced for 
fabrication to nations with lax envi-
ronmental standards and lax labor 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:29 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00032
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K16AP7.043
H16APPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 31-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1879 
April 16, 2021 
standards. As this pandemic has so 
forcefully and painfully shown us, an 
overreliance on a foreign supply chain 
makes us vulnerable. 
Madam Speaker, how about this: a 
‘‘Made in America’’ label on all prod-
ucts used in American public works 
across the country. On that, perhaps, 
we can agree. 
f 
HOUSE DEMOCRATS’ FIRST 100 
DAYS 
(Mr. AGUILAR asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute.) 
Mr. AGUILAR. Madam Speaker, ear-
lier this week, we marked the 100th day 
of the 117th Congress, and I rise today 
to reflect on some of the progress we 
have made in the House. 
In our first 100 days, we passed the 
Equality Act to ensure full equality 
under the law for our LGBT commu-
nity. 
We removed the ratification deadline 
from the ERA to extend that same 
equality to all American women. 
We passed the Dream and Promise 
Act, giving young immigrants who call 
this country home a chance to build 
their lives here. 
We passed the George Floyd Justice 
in Policing Act to reform our broken 
system of policing. 
We took meaningful, lifesaving ac-
tion to prevent gun violence and stop 
further tragedies. 
The recent tragedies our country has 
endured have further highlighted the 
need for the Senate to take action 
quickly on these bills. 
We passed the American Rescue Plan, 
the most important and ambitious in-
vestment in the American people into 
nearly a century. This bold legislation 
gives us a roadmap to help us build 
back better and to emerge from this 
pandemic stronger than ever. It has 
helped 50 percent of Americans receive 
a lifesaving vaccine and put money in 
the pockets of people. 
I am so proud of all we have 
achieved, and I know our work is just 
getting started. 
f 
LIMB LOSS AND LIMB 
DIFFERENCE AWARENESS MONTH 
(Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute.) 
Mr. 
LAMALFA. 
Madam 
Speaker, 
April is Limb Loss and Limb Difference 
Awareness Month. More than 2 million 
Americans live with limb loss or limb 
difference, and an additional 28 million 
are at risk of amputation surgery. It is 
estimated that more than 500 Ameri-
cans lose a limb each day. With great 
advances in prosthetics, sometimes we 
may not even know that those around 
us may be missing a limb. 
There are many causes of limb loss, 
some not immediately apparent to us, 
including, number one, vascular dis-
ease, 54 percent of which includes dia-
betes. 
Americans of all ages, from children 
to our seniors, are affected. Eighty- 
eight percent are over 45 years old. Of 
course, many of our brave servicemem-
bers suffer injuries resulting in limb 
loss, over 1,500 currently from Iraq and 
Afghanistan. 
Each of these Americans has their 
own story and faces unique challenges. 
Many amputations result from some 
preventable disease and have prevent-
able issues, such as diabetes and pe-
ripheral vascular disease. This is an-
other reason to raise awareness of limb 
loss and educate ourselves and others 
about what it is like to live with limb 
loss and limb difference. 
f 
END U.S. INVOLVEMENT IN THE 
WAR IN AFGHANISTAN 
(Ms. JACOBS of California asked and 
was given permission to address the 
House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. 
JACOBS 
of 
California. 
Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to express my 
support for ending U.S. involvement in 
the war in Afghanistan. 
Mr. Speaker, wars are supposed to 
end. In the time that we have been in 
Afghanistan, I have graduated from 
middle school, I have graduated from 
high school, I have graduated from col-
lege and grad school, worked at the 
U.N. and the State Department, started 
two organizations, and was elected to 
Congress. 
I represent San Diego, a proud mili-
tary community, and one that knows 
better than most the human cost of 
war. Ending this war does not invali-
date those sacrifices. It recognizes 
them. We are indebted to the thou-
sands of servicemembers who answered 
the call to serve, and we remember 
those who never came home. It is in 
their honor that we look to the next 
challenge. 
Now it is time to prioritize diplo-
matic and humanitarian work in Af-
ghanistan, to reassert Congress’ au-
thority on war powers, and to focus our 
efforts on the security needs of the fu-
ture, not the past. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DASIA TAYLOR OF 
IOWA CITY 
(Mrs. MILLER-MEEKS asked and 
was given permission to address the 
House for 1 minute and to revise and 
extend her remarks.) 
Mrs. MILLER-MEEKS. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to recognize a young 
woman in my district who is making 
strides in the field of medical science. 
Mr. Speaker, 17-year-old Dasia Tay-
lor of Iowa City is currently in the re-
search phase for her groundbreaking 
invention: surgical sutures that change 
color when a wound becomes infected. 
These sutures will be an asset to both 
doctors and patients to catch post-sur-
gical infections early on when they can 
be treated more easily with antibiotics. 
This, in turn, will save lives. 
For her intellect, research, and inge-
nuity, Dasia was recently recognized 
among the top 40 finalists in the 80th 
Regeneron Science Talent Search, one 
of the most prestigious science and 
mathematics 
competitions 
in 
the 
United States for high school scholars. 
I could not be prouder of Dasia and 
excited for the next generation of 
women scientists who are working to-
wards building a better future for gen-
erations to come. 
f 
AMERICA’S OPIOID EPIDEMIC 
(Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York asked and was given permis-
sion to address the House for 1 minute 
and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Madam Speaker, I rise to speak 
on a commonsense bill I introduced to 
promote accountability for America’s 
opioid crisis. The opioid epidemic has 
taken almost as many lives as the 
COVID–19 crisis. 
The Sackler family has amassed bil-
lions of dollars, in large part, through 
the 
sales 
of 
Purdue 
Pharma’s 
OxyContin. Members of the Sackler 
family have been directly involved in 
the company’s efforts to flood our com-
munities with this dangerous pain-
killer and to mislead the public on the 
danger it poses to their health. Purdue 
has declared bankruptcy, and members 
of the Sackler family are seeking legal 
releases 
from 
individual 
lawsuits 
brought against them by government 
entities. 
My bill, H.R. 2096, the SACKLER Act, 
ensures that individuals accused of 
wrongdoing by government actors, like 
the Sacklers, are prevented from evad-
ing responsibility through bankruptcy 
proceedings. 
I ask my colleagues for their support 
in this crucial effort to ensure account-
ability for the harm the Sacklers have 
inflicted on our communities, and to 
promote justice for lives lost to the 
opioid epidemic. 
f 
CRISIS AT THE SOUTHERN 
BORDER 
(Ms. TENNEY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend her re-
marks.) 
Ms. TENNEY. Madam Speaker, there 
is a crisis at our Nation’s southern bor-
der, as you heard when our minority 
whip STEVE SCALISE outlined it earlier. 
Last month, more than 170,000 illegal 
immigrants were encountered and res-
cued by border agents at our southern 
border, and almost 19,000 of them were 
children, the most ever in a single 
month. 
This is a humanitarian catastrophe, 
as cartels are profiting at record levels 
from this egregious human trafficking 
scheme. 
I visited the border, including a child 
processing center at the El Paso Sec-
tor, and witnessed this firsthand. I left 
with an even deeper sense of respect 
and admiration for the men and women 
of U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:29 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00033
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K16AP7.046
H16APPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 32-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1880 
April 16, 2021 
agency and those other agencies tasked 
to assist them. 
Chief Gloria Chavez leads her force 
along the El Paso Sector with incred-
ible tenacity, courage, compassion, and 
great energy. The team of agents under 
her command are doing an excellent 
job in a nearly impossible situation. 
These terrific people are overwhelmed 
because of the dangerous and inhumane 
policies now coming from Washington. 
I am grateful to Chief Chavez and her 
team for their insights. 
Human trafficking is a nonpartisan 
issue. We must come together to stop 
it. We must finish the border wall, im-
prove barrier technology around the 
wall, and we must reform this disas-
trous immigration policy. 
f 
b 1315 
HONORING THE LIFE OF DENNIS 
CAPRARA 
(Mr. PANETTA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. PANETTA. Madam Speaker, the 
Salad Bowl of the world lost a key in-
gredient this week with the sudden 
passing of Dennis Caprara. In his 74 
years, Dennis contributed so much to 
our leading industry of agriculture and 
our fundamental identity in the Sali-
nas Valley. 
A true local boy, Dennis grew up in 
Gonzales, grew fond of farming, and 
grew to appreciate the hard work and 
sound judgment necessary to succeed 
in agriculture. 
Starting RC Farms and RC Packing, 
Dennis and his family became the defi-
nition of what it means to be a success-
ful family farm. 
But Dennis was not just a farmer, he 
was a leader; chairman of the Grower- 
Shipper Association, director of the Sa-
linas Valley River Coalition, and a dis-
tinguished fellow at a local college. 
Dennis also gave back to the commu-
nity that gave him so much; as a mem-
ber of the Swiss Rifle Club, and always 
attending the local livestock auctions 
where he and his wife, Janice, were ac-
tive bidders, supporting the kids of 4H 
and FFA. 
Dennis was a friend and a mentor to 
many, including myself. And although 
he often fondly called me a donkey, not 
necessarily referring to my political 
party, he offered so much more to 
those who knew him, who worked with 
him, who listened to him, and who 
loved him. 
Madam Speaker, today we mourn the 
loss of Dennis Caprara. But because of 
Dennis, every day we realize that the 
Salad Bowl of life tastes so good, not 
just because of its products, but also 
because of its people. 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF LA 
HABRA CHIEF OF POLICE JERRY 
PRICE 
(Mrs. KIM of California asked and 
was given permission to address the 
House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. 
KIM 
of 
California. 
Madam 
Speaker, I rise today to offer some 
words of appreciation to someone in 
my 39th Congressional District in Cali-
fornia who deserves special Congres-
sional recognition. 
For 30 years, La Habra Chief of Po-
lice Jerry Price has unselfishly served 
and protected our community in the La 
Habra Police Department. 
Chief Price joined the La Habra Po-
lice Department in 1991 and quickly 
rose through the ranks across multiple 
bureaus, most recently serving as chief 
of police for the past 8 years. 
Chief Price always set an example for 
other officers and the community, al-
ways having a positive attitude and 
serving with pride. He also has actively 
mentored and prepared others for suc-
cess in law enforcement. 
It is because of these admirable 
qualities that Chief Price has earned 
many awards and accolades, not only 
from the La Habra community, but 
also from other outside law enforce-
ment agencies. 
I thank Chief Jerry Price for his 30 
years of service and the past 8 years as 
chief of police, and I offer my sincere 
congratulations on his retirement. 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF MRS. 
FRANCES PERCIVAL 
(Mrs. BICE of Oklahoma asked and 
was given permission to address the 
House for 1 minute and to revise and 
extend her remarks.) 
Mrs. BICE of Oklahoma. Madam 
Speaker, I rise today to honor the work 
of Mrs. Frances Percival, who has dedi-
cated 63 years of her life to the stu-
dents of Millwood School District. 
Mrs. Percival began her service in 
1958 as a volunteer with the Millwood 
School District, and then served in the 
Parent Teacher Association for several 
years. She was affectionately known as 
‘‘Mrs. P’’ and a ‘‘homeroom mother’’. 
Fifty-one years ago, Mrs. P made the 
decision to run for the school board 
and was successful. In her five decades 
on the board, she was the recipient of 
many awards, including the National 
School Boards Association Award for 
Distinguished Service. 
In addition to being a strong leader, 
Mrs. Percival said her mission was to 
teach Millwood students to appreciate 
life and show respect for humanity. 
Madam Speaker, we should let Mrs. 
Percival’s story be an inspiration for 
us all to focus on improving the lives of 
our children, our communities, and our 
schools. 
Individuals like Mrs. Percival hold 
together 
schools 
and 
communities 
across this Nation. I thank Mrs. P for 
her years of service, and I wish her the 
best in her well-deserved retirement. 
f 
ISSUES OF THE DAY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. JA-
COBS of California.) Under the Speak-
er’s announced policy of January 4, 
2021, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. 
GOHMERT) is recognized for 60 minutes 
as the designee of the minority leader. 
Mr. GOHMERT. Madam Speaker, I 
saw one study that indicated that 
these masks are very helpful; that, by 
wearing a mask, you have two-tenths 
of 1 percent less chance of getting 
COVID. So hurray for that two-tenths 
of 1 percent, especially for those of us 
who have had it or have had vaccina-
tions. But I look forward to getting our 
freedom back at some point. 
But you can’t have a free society if 
the media is dishonest. When the 
Founders fought for the right to have 
free media, they anticipated that there 
should always be a majority of the 
media who would be willing to expose 
media who were dishonest. 
But we are living in a dangerous 
time, when what used to be called the 
mainstream media is anything but 
honest; and that was played out before 
our very eyes and ears as Project 
Veritas had a CNN—well, as this arti-
cle says—a CNN head, but he had lead-
ership, and he admitted quite a great 
deal about the abuses of CNN, the 
manipulativeness of CNN. 
This article from The Epoch Times— 
which, by the way, is under fire from 
the Chinese Communist Party, so since 
this administration seems to side with 
the Chinese Communist Party a great 
deal, they may be coming after The 
Epoch Times the way the Chinese Com-
munist Party is. But we will wait and 
see if that happens. 
But this story, dated April 14, says a 
CNN head has personally intervened to 
order the cable network staff to display 
the number of people who have died 
from COVID–19 in the broadcast, ac-
cording to a CNN technical director 
who was caught on hidden camera 
making the comments. The goal was to 
boost ratings, the director said, ex-
plaining fear really drives numbers and 
is the thing that keeps you tuned in. 
That is rather tragic. 
A former segregationist President, 
Democrat, named Franklin D. Roo-
sevelt, had said, quite eloquently: ‘‘The 
only thing we have to fear is fear 
itself.’’ And he was right that that 
should be a big concern. 
But what we are hearing from the un-
dercover tape is that CNN sees fear as 
the best way to increase ratings. 
So another article from The Gateway 
Pundit: ‘‘CNN director caught on hid-
den camera saying the network is ‘try-
ing to help’ BLM by only pushing sto-
ries that implicate White people.’’ 
Well, that is unfortunate. What that 
shows is that CNN doesn’t mind being 
racist. It is very unfortunate that we 
would stir up that kind of animosity; 
have a major news network, or what 
used to be a major news network, CNN, 
pushing racist divides. 
Madam Speaker, I have been joined 
by a friend—hopefully, she doesn’t 
mind me calling her a friend because 
that is the way I see her—from New 
York, an extraordinary Member of Con-
gress. I am thrilled she is back. 
I yield to the gentlewoman from New 
York (Ms. TENNEY). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:29 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00034
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K16AP7.047
H16APPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 33-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1881 
April 16, 2021 
Ms. TENNEY. Madam Speaker, I ap-
preciate the gentleman yielding. 
I just wanted a moment to take the 
opportunity to share something that I 
launched this week with Representa-
tive GARCI´A from California, and that 
is the Election Integrity Caucus. 
In that caucus, our mission is to 
make sure that we have and preserve 
integrity in our election process, and 
that we have people understand just 
how important the right to vote is and 
why it is such a sacred act and a cor-
nerstone of our constitutional Republic 
and the democratic principles that we 
hold dear. 
A lot of people don’t realize how im-
portant their right to vote is, and we 
just want to make sure that people un-
derstand that. We don’t want it to be 
undermined. 
We think that the Speaker’s signa-
ture legislation, H.R. 1, undermines the 
integrity of the right to vote. We think 
every person who has a legal right to 
vote should vote in every election, but 
just once, not multiple times. 
One of the things I wanted to men-
tion because I just have a few minutes 
here, is that we would love to have all 
the Members join the caucus. Obvi-
ously, we would love to have a bipar-
tisan caucus, but I am reaching out to 
everyone across the Nation to support 
our efforts to try to bring integrity to 
our election process and to understand 
how sacred the right to vote is. 
I think it is really great that MIKE 
GARCIA, the Representative from Cali-
fornia, who won by 333 votes, is joining 
me. I won by 109 votes in upstate New 
York in one of the longest election cy-
cles in the Nation and did not even get 
sworn in until February 11. 
So we just wanted to make sure ev-
eryone understands that we want to ex-
pand the number of people that vote. 
You know, you hear all the time that 
the Republicans want to suppress the 
vote. Nothing could be further from the 
truth. 
We know so many great Americans 
through our Nation’s history that have 
lost life and limb for this sacred right 
to vote privately, and we want those 
people to exercise that right and feel 
that their vote actually counts. 
I think one thing that my race and 
Representative GARCI´A’s—also our col-
league, MARIANNETTE
MILLER-MEEKS, 
who recently was confirmed the winner 
again in Iowa’s Second District—shows 
is that every vote does count. And it 
should be something that people joy-
fully do, is to exercise that right to 
vote because I think a lot of people 
don’t realize, we have a self-governing 
constitutional Republic; it is by and 
for the people. 
I think one of the enduring themes, 
one of the reasons I love our former 
President Lincoln was that he used to 
talk about: Can we save the Republic? 
Can we be self-governing? And we want 
to be sure that we preserve all of that 
and how great this country is by actu-
ally forming this Election Integrity 
Caucus to travel around the country 
and encourage people to register to 
vote, and to vote. 
And I will add, I just visited the bor-
der. And we have a great community of 
refugees where my district is up in New 
York’s 22nd District, and I can’t tell 
you how excited so many of these peo-
ple are when they finally get to be citi-
zens, and when they have a chance to 
vote, and when they have a chance to 
vote privately without somebody look-
ing over their shoulder or knowing how 
they voted. 
We just want to make that act sa-
cred, and we want to make everyone 
aware that they have the opportunity 
to vote, and their vote is secure, and no 
one is going to take their vote or dilute 
their vote. We need to make sure that 
we preserve the integrity of our voter 
rolls. 
It is interesting; I come from New 
York, and people think of New York as 
being this liberal bastion, which it is. 
But Article II of New York’s Constitu-
tion talks about the right of suffrage. 
In my own district, the first women 
to vote in New York State voted in 
Lisle, New York, in my district of New 
York. So we know how sacred that 
right is for women to have the right to 
vote. Susan B. Anthony and Elizabeth 
Cady Stanton all hailed from New York 
State, so we have a great tradition of 
voting, and we want to lead the way to-
ward that. 
I know that we would love to have 
the gentleman join if he is interested 
in joining our caucus. 
Mr. GOHMERT. Madam Speaker, I 
appreciate the gentlewoman’s efforts, 
and I would be thrilled to join that 
caucus. That is absolutely meritorious, 
and it should be something that all of 
us work to support together. 
Yet, we get cast, as Republicans, as 
wanting to limit the number of voters, 
when actually, we want more voters; 
but we need to have people vote le-
gally, not multiple times, not voting 
after you no longer have a pulse, but 
voting as citizens. So I am thrilled. I 
yield to the gentlewoman from New 
York. 
Ms. TENNEY. And we have many 
safeguards in place to reserve that 
right to vote, but also to encourage 
people to go out and realize that their 
vote does count. And wouldn’t it be 
great if every legal citizen voted in 
every election? That would be a true 
self-governing Republic that we all as-
pire to maintain and preserve. 
Once 
again, 
I 
cannot 
emphasize 
enough, we urge everyone to join the 
caucus, 
including 
our 
Democratic 
friends. I think they would like what 
we are going to be standing for. We are 
going to be preserving and protecting 
the votes in all districts across the en-
tire Nation, and I think it is going to 
be an exciting initiative. 
I thank the gentleman for being will-
ing to join. I know my time is limited 
today, but I wanted to take advantage 
of this. And I want to also thank the 
gentleman for taking this opportunity 
to be in this amazing place. 
b 1330 
It is an honor to be elected to this 
great body, with so many good Mem-
bers on both sides of the aisle, and to 
be able to do the business here for the 
people of our country in such a tough 
time, in so many ways, as we are 
emerging, hopefully, from the pan-
demic. 
I am grateful that you take this time 
and talk about the news and events of 
the day that may sometimes get 
missed in the mainstream media. I am 
grateful to you, and I want to wish you 
the best and everyone a great weekend. 
Let’s talk about election integrity. 
Mr. GOHMERT. Madam Speaker, it 
brings to mind being in Iraq back in 
2005. Iraq had just had its first true fair 
election, and people stood in line for 
hours and hours. 
In talking to a police chief, he point-
ed out one place where there was a 
very long line. We knew that radical 
Islamists were going to try to disrupt 
the election. There was a suicide bomb-
er who was found in the line, and a po-
liceman grabbed him, threw himself on 
top of the suicide bomber. The bomb 
was set off, and the policeman and the 
radical Islamist were both killed. 
I said: Wow. Did the voters come 
back? 
He looked a little surprised and said: 
They never left the line. They knew if 
they got out of the line and did not 
vote, that the policeman would have 
given his life for nothing. They wanted 
the policeman’s life to count, and they 
were not going to be intimidated by a 
suicide bomber trying to prevent them 
from voting, so they stayed in line to 
vote. 
Too many Americans have come to 
think of voting as too onerous, that 
they don’t really have time to do it, 
that it doesn’t really matter, when, ac-
tually, as we hear and find over and 
over, elections do have consequences. 
It is important that if you are legally 
allowed to vote, you should vote. It is 
unfortunate that there is a push to 
have people who don’t understand— 
they are not citizens. They haven’t 
been educated yet to understand what 
it takes to preserve a republic, which 
has allowed us to drift toward a more 
Orwellian-style government, a totali-
tarian, more socialist government. 
Yes, you have to have a totalitarian 
government in order for socialism to 
succeed. Khrushchev finally came to 
grips with that. True communism is 
where everybody shares and shares 
alike, and there is no government. 
I remember doing a report in college 
about a commission that Khrushchev 
set up to figure out a plan to move to 
where there was no government and 
just pure communism, pure sharing. 
Ultimately, they disbanded the com-
mission because they realized there is 
no way to have no totalitarian govern-
ment. 
If you are going to have communism 
or socialism, the government has to be 
big, powerful, and totalitarian enough 
to take from those who earn and give 
to those who don’t. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:29 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00035
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K16AP7.049
H16APPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 34-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1882 
April 16, 2021 
Anyway, elections are important. 
The next national election, of course, 
will be in 2022. That is something we 
need to be working toward making sure 
is fair. But it is difficult when you have 
entities like CNN that are more inter-
ested in ratings, scaring people, and 
supporting the Democratic Party than 
they are in reporting the news. It real-
ly makes it difficult to have free and 
fair elections when people are being de-
ceived. 
It was also interesting that since 
James O’Keefe, who founded Project 
Veritas, getting the truth out, he had 
the video of a leader at CNN exposing 
exactly what CNN was about: helping 
the Democratic Party and scaring 
Americans. 
Twitter, being part of the high-tech 
oligarchy, has banned Project Veritas. 
O’Keefe, the founder, was first banned, 
and then, later, it was indicated he was 
banned permanently for violating the 
Twitter rules on platform manipula-
tion and spam. 
So, according to Twitter, if you ex-
pose the truth about somebody or some 
entity that Twitter is figuratively in 
bed with, then Twitter will ban you be-
cause they don’t want the truth out 
there. They don’t want the truth about 
Americans being manipulated by enti-
ties like CNN, Twitter, Facebook, or 
Google. They don’t want the American 
people finding that out, so they will 
ban you. 
When any entity is powerful enough 
that it can prevent people from, say, 
learning about the Vice President’s 
family member, who may have engaged 
in an impropriety, or from finding out 
that, actually, when the current Presi-
dent, at that time a candidate for 
President, was saying that Russia was 
paying bounties to kill American sol-
diers, which people promoting the 
story, at least some of them, knew was 
not true, knew was not likely true, 
that they want that falsity out there. 
They want to hurt a candidate with 
false news. 
I don’t know what the Supreme Court 
will end up doing, but the Sullivan case 
is there, requiring malice to be shown 
by a public figure in order to prevail in 
a lawsuit. But it ought to be clear, es-
pecially with things like this video ex-
posing that CNN is out to destroy 
MATT GAETZ, out to deceive the Amer-
ican public, out to fearmonger to in-
crease ratings even though it hurts 
America. They don’t care. It is okay, in 
CNN’s leadership mind, to harm Amer-
ica if it helps their ratings. 
We have seen the same thing from 
Major League Baseball and some inter-
national corporations. They are okay 
with doing business with the Chinese 
Communist Party and benefiting them, 
helping them, making money for them, 
if it makes money for the corporation 
or the sport, even though it is greatly 
to the detriment of millions or, in the 
case of the Chinese Communist Party, 
hundreds of millions or a billion peo-
ple. 
It is okay, in the minds of some of 
these people. It is okay to be totally 
hypocritical 
and 
hurt 
Black-owned 
businesses in Atlanta, where they are 
so prevalent, and move the All-Star 
Game to a place that is substantially 
White if it makes you appear woke, 
even though you are hurting African- 
American businesses and helping White 
businesses. 
It is okay to help the Chinese Com-
munist Party, which is trying to de-
stroy America. They are trying to get 
to a place where the American econ-
omy could collapse, and China would 
survive that economically. If they get 
to that place, then you will see them 
taking additional actions, rather pro-
foundly, to bring down our economy 
and leave them remaining as the only, 
at that point, superpower. 
We have to be more wise than we 
have been. We need to call out corpora-
tions or entities in the United States 
that are out to help the enemies of the 
United States and stir up divisiveness 
within the United States if they think 
it creates a profit. 
We are seeing that with CNN. We are 
seeing that with Major League Base-
ball. It is just a sad time in America. 
This article from Epoch Times says: 
‘‘Twitter pointed to a section in the 
company’s rules, which states: ‘You 
can’t mislead others on Twitter by op-
erating fake accounts,’ and ‘you can’t 
artificially amplify or disrupt con-
versations through the use of multiple 
accounts.’ ’’ 
Well, Twitter really has to stretch in 
order to come up with a basis for ban-
ning someone who is promoting truth 
and is exposing truth that CNN did not 
want exposed and, obviously, Twitter 
did not want exposed. 
This is a story by Allum Bokhari, 
‘‘Twitter 
Permanently 
Blacklists 
James O’Keefe After CNN Expose.’’ 
This article also mentions: ‘‘In the 
first video, Chester admits that CNN’s 
negative coverage of unproven allega-
tions 
against 
Representative 
MATT 
GAETZ is ‘propaganda’ because GAETZ is 
a ‘problem for the Democrats.’ ’’ 
Yes, I am told, he is nice-looking. I 
don’t see it, but I am told he is nice- 
looking. He comes across well. I do 
hear that. I see him come across well. 
He is quite smart, quite clever, and in-
sightful. 
The CNN leader says: ‘‘It would be 
great for the Democratic Party to get 
him out. So we are going to keep run-
ning those stories to keep hurting 
him.’’ 
‘‘In further undercover footage post-
ed today, Chester can be heard admit-
ting that CNN is unlikely to give a 
great deal of attention to the race of a 
mass shooter in its coverage if they 
‘aren’t White.’ ’’ 
‘‘Chester also admits that ‘a bunch of 
Black men’ have been responsible for 
recent violent attacks against Asian 
Americans and that this is a problem 
because ‘the optics of that are not 
good’ and CNN is ‘trying to help 
BLM.’ ’’ 
BLM, let’s be fair, they are trying to 
establish socialism and get rid of the 
constitutional government we have and 
move to a more Orwellian, socialist 
type of government. 
‘‘This is pure censorship for political 
reasons because he has successfully ex-
posed CNN,’’ talking about Twitter 
banning O’Keefe. That is a comment 
from Robby Starbuck on Twitter. 
My 
friend 
MATT
GAETZ
says: 
‘‘O’Keefe exposes CNN for lying about 
me and Donald Trump for propaganda. 
Then Twitter suspends him.’’ 
Conservative 
commentator 
John 
Cardillo says: ‘‘If the left weren’t terri-
fied, they wouldn’t be banning people.’’ 
b 1345 
So, anyway, it is rather tragic that 
Twitter has joined in to become a part 
of, figuratively, the ministry of truth 
that Orwell talked about in his novel 
‘‘1984.’’ I mean, Orwell was apparently 
in a great deal of pain, dying of cancer, 
had been through brutal cancer treat-
ments. Some think that is where he 
came up with the idea of some of the 
torture that was utilized by the min-
istry of love, which would arrest people 
with whom they disagreed and would 
torture them for hours, days, weeks, 
months, or many years, whatever was 
necessary to finally get them to change 
their story. 
But the ministry of truth were the 
ones that were constantly rewriting 
history to serve the interests of this 
totalitarian government, and that ap-
pears to be exactly what we are begin-
ning to see from many in our own 
media in the United States. 
I was struck the summer that I was 
an exchange student to the Soviet 
Union, how Pravda always—it was like 
the ministry of truth that Orwell wrote 
about. They would change any story in 
order to make the Soviet Government 
the prime player, the prime interested 
party. They would lie about anything. 
In the summer of 1973, I was in-
trigued by what they were saying 
about this Watergate thing, that that 
was clearly stirred up by the Demo-
crats against Richard Nixon because 
Nixon had had the courage to be the 
first U.S. President to go to the Soviet 
Union and to reach out to create a via-
ble relationship with the Soviet Union. 
So the Democrats were totally manu-
facturing Watergate just because Nixon 
had dared to be friendly toward the So-
viet Union. 
Well, we know that was not the case, 
but that is the way the Soviet Union 
would use the media, Pravda, to lie 
about what was going on to make them 
the central players in everything. 
Obviously, Watergate was real. There 
was a manipulation of the law. If you 
listen to some of the tapes or read 
some of the transcripts of the Nixon 
tapes, you are struck by the inconsist-
ency and the ability of a President of 
the United States to be two-faced in 
talking to different people and the ma-
nipulative approach to being President. 
So, hopefully, the truth will all come 
out. Apparently, unless Twitter and 
CNN change their approach to news, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:29 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00036
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K16AP7.051
H16APPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 35-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1883 
April 16, 2021 
the truth will not come from Twitter, 
will not come from CNN. But, hope-
fully, emerging news sources will take 
the place of the once great CNN, unless 
CNN begins to report more truthfully. 
That would be a welcome change. 
And we can all hold onto that hope 
that springs eternal in the human 
breast, that maybe someday somebody 
will take over at CNN that will see 
CNN’s viewership surge because they 
have decided finally to be going after 
real news and truth instead of manipu-
lating things for the Democratic Na-
tional Committee or an entity like 
Black Lives Matter. 
Of course, they matter. But that is 
not what BLM is about. They are about 
moving 
America 
toward 
socialism. 
They are about destroying the nuclear 
family, which the War on Poverty 
helped do for Black families, and now 
it is all families. We have seen that 
happen, 
and 
Thomas 
Sowell 
and 
Candace Owens have both covered that 
very effectively in their recent books. 
This article from Joel Pollak, April 
16: ‘‘Patrisse Cullors, a co-founder of 
Black Lives Matter, told interviewer 
Marc Lamont Hill on Thursday that 
there is no contradiction between her 
radical left-wing politics and owning 
four homes because she is providing for 
extended family. 
‘‘In the interview on ‘Black News To-
night,’ Hill asked Cullors, also known 
as Khan-Cullors after spouse Janaya 
Khan, about the truth of reports that 
she had bought four homes since 2016— 
including a $1.4 million compound in 
the remote Topanga Canyon neighbor-
hood of L.A. and a vacation home with 
an airplane hangar in Georgia—and 
that she and her spouse had considered 
buying exclusive property in the Baha-
mas also. 
‘‘The 
reports 
prompted 
criticism 
from within the Black Lives Matter 
movement’’—and I would hope that it 
would—‘‘and 
questions 
about 
her 
source of funds. 
‘‘She replied that ‘never taken a sal-
ary from Black Lives Matter Global 
Network Foundation,’ and that she had 
other sources of income from her work 
as a college professor, as a TV pro-
ducer, an author, and a YouTube con-
tent creator. 
‘‘In a statement, the Black Lives 
Matter Global Network Foundation 
said she had not received any com-
pensation from the group since 2019, 
though she had received $120,000 from 
the group since 2013 for performing spe-
cific duties. 
‘‘She added: ‘Organizers should get 
paid for the work that they do.’ ’’ 
But, now, having spent a summer in 
the Soviet Union, I know how social-
ism is supposed to go, and there were 
Soviet friends that were somewhat dis-
enfranchised with the Socialist way of 
doing things. They said, yeah, we all 
receive about the same amount of 
money, but those who have leadership 
positions or political power, they get 
to buy things the rest of us don’t buy. 
We have all got about the same money 
to spend, but we don’t have access to 
the things that they do. 
So in a true Socialist country, people 
that want power, if you have a shoe 
store, then we saw it back then, they 
would take the best shoes and save 
them for people in political positions of 
power. So when those power brokers 
come in, then they get to pick from the 
best shoes while all the rest are told, 
well, you either take these or you don’t 
get any; there just are no others. 
If you were a power broker, yeah, you 
had about the same amount to spend as 
everybody else. But everybody else was 
told there is no toilet paper, whereas 
the power brokers would be taken to 
the back and allowed to buy toilet 
paper. Those were the days, and that is 
normally the way it works. 
On one occasion I was surprised be-
cause a cleaning lady appeared that she 
was going to be running and telling on 
this Soviet citizen. 
And I said: Why would she go tell on 
you? 
And he said: Look, in your country, 
you can get ahead by working harder 
and making more money. In our coun-
try, we all make about the same. So 
the only way you can get ahead is if 
you step on other people. So, yes, she 
will go tell on me, and she will go up a 
little bit in power because that is how 
you get ahead here in the Soviet 
Union. You step on other people, and 
that elevates you. 
So that is where some are wanting to 
take the United States, where every-
body is getting about the same amount 
of money, except that, apparently, we 
have leaders like this in the BLM 
movement who think—and she said she 
is ‘‘a trained Marxist’’—‘‘and your 
lived practice.’’ 
Those are her words. But she is not— 
well, she says: ‘‘The way that I live my 
life is a direct support to Black people, 
including my Black family members, 
first and foremost. . . . I see my money 
as not my own. I see it as my family’s 
money as well.’’ 
But a true Socialist would not say 
that because a true Socialist says ev-
erybody shares and shares alike, from 
those according to their ability to 
those according to their needs. So your 
family can’t be foremost if you are a 
true Socialist. So there is some confu-
sion here on what is true socialism, 
and Ms. Cullors does not have that 
down very well. 
According to the article, she is buy-
ing a $1.4 million compound in an ex-
clusive part of Los Angeles and a vaca-
tion home with an airplane hangar in 
Georgia. 
No, no, no, that is not supposed to 
happen. If you are a true Socialist, you 
share and share alike. You may think 
you have earned all this money, as she 
said she had, doing all these different 
things, but a true Socialist would say: 
No, but we are going to share that with 
everybody. 
Apparently she would appropriately 
think: I have all this additional ability 
that others don’t have, so you should 
take my money away from me, from 
those according to their ability, and 
give it to those according to their 
needs. 
So she has got a ways to go before 
she understands the socialism that she 
is trying to force on the United States. 
The article goes on to read: ‘‘The 
point of the criticisms, she said, was 
‘to discredit me, but also to discredit 
the movement.’ She added: ‘We have to 
stay focused on white supremacy.’’’ 
Yeah, don’t look behind the curtains 
at the guy that is manipulating things, 
as we saw in the ‘‘Wizard of Oz.’’ No, 
no, keep looking over here at what we 
will call white supremacy. 
Anyway, ‘‘She responded to claims 
that Black Lives Matter should dis-
tribute funds to the Black community 
by noting that while she was sympa-
thetic, the organization was not a 
‘charity’ and was not the government.’’ 
So she has got a ways to go before 
she really understands the socialism 
she is trying to force on everybody 
else. 
She says: ‘‘Our target should be call-
ing on Congress to pass reparations.’’ 
Well, she doesn’t understand that 
true reparations in a Socialist society 
would take from somebody that had 
$1.4 million to spend on a home and 
spread it out to everybody else. So she 
could never own a $1.4 million home. 
But, anyway, hopefully others will help 
her and any other leaders with Black 
Lives Matter who don’t understand 
what they are trying to force on Amer-
ica, and we will see if that actually 
happens. 
Now, I heard our majority leader in 
what some call a colloquy or soliloquy, 
whatever you want to call it, talking 
about compassion for those who are 
foreigners. It strikes me, there are so 
many people across America in the 
lamestream media and even on this 
floor who think it is compassionate to 
lure people across miles, hundreds or 
thousands of miles even, across horren-
dous terrain; have them pay drug car-
tels, which thoroughly oppress a coun-
try like Mexico; have as much, maybe, 
as 25, 30 percent of young women raped, 
we are told, often repeatedly on that 
journey; have many girls subjected to a 
life of sex trafficking in order to pay 
back the money they owe to the drug 
cartels. Others subjected to human 
trafficking and drug trafficking in 
order to pay back the money they owe 
to the drug cartels. Creating a life as a 
servant, as a bondsman to the drug car-
tels, where people have no hesitation 
to cut off fingers, hands, arms, or heads 
and put on pikes, like some honest po-
licemen have had happen, as a message 
from the drug cartels that: You don’t 
mess with us. 
Somehow that is compassionate to 
add to the billions of dollars the drug 
cartels have to terrorize a country or 
hemisphere. But if you really look 
closely enough at this problem on our 
southern border, you will find that is 
not compassionate at all. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:15 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00037
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K16AP7.053
H16APPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 36-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1884 
April 16, 2021 
b 1400 
The 
most 
compassionate, 
caring, 
neighborly, Christian thing we could do 
for the people of Mexico would be to se-
cure our southern border, cut the bil-
lions of dollars going to the drug car-
tels that they use to terrorize a con-
tinent, just cut that down to a trickle. 
They may always make some, but you 
can cut it to a trickle if we secure our 
southern border. 
And then Mexico, because of the in-
credible people in Mexico, some of the 
hardest workers in the world and with 
natural resources in excess of most of 
the countries in the world—and actu-
ally a better location between the At-
lantic and Pacific; yes, we are between 
the Atlantic and Pacific in the United 
States, but it is closer across Mexico 
from one ocean to the other. They are 
in a prime location. They ought to be a 
top economy in the world. And the 
only thing that appears to be holding 
them back, the one thing is the corrup-
tion from the drug cartels that has 
greatly increased under this new ad-
ministration. It is a boon to the drug 
cartels that President Biden is helping 
their human trafficking business as he 
is. 
Now, he doesn’t look at it, I am sure, 
as helping the drug cartels. He is look-
ing at it as helping the Democratic Na-
tional Committee down the road when 
they can give amnesty and make them 
voters, but that is so hurtful to Mex-
ico. 
How about cutting the power of the 
drug cartels and allowing Mexico to 
keep its own citizens and central 
American countries that are being de-
pleted of good, hardworking people, 
letting them keep their citizens, get-
ting rid of the corruption. We are the 
main source of the funding for the cor-
ruption south of our border. 
Compassion would dictate that we 
stop funding the corruption instead of 
turning a blind eye to that corruption 
that we are funding through the drugs, 
sex trafficking, human trafficking, cut 
that down to nothing or very little and 
watch how our good neighbors will ex-
plode with a vibrant economy, not with 
terrorism the drug cartels use. 
CHIP ROY has a bill to name the two 
main drug cartels as terrorist organiza-
tions, and I think that is exactly what 
we should do. That would allow more 
resources to go towards stopping the 
terrorism and the corruption within 
Mexico and within Central America. 
That is what a good neighbor would do. 
That is what real compassion is. Com-
passion is not luring people to situa-
tions that destroy their lives. 
The indentured servitude that the 
drug cartels subject these people to is 
just 
unfathomable, 
and 
it 
is 
unfathomable that educated people, in-
cluding 
here 
in 
Washington, 
D.C., 
would say, oh, yes, that is a good thing 
that we lure people here, even though 
they become indentured to the drug 
cartels. 
I have mentioned before, I have been 
there all hours of the day and night, 
but especially at night because it is 
easier to get drugs across—in the dark, 
that is. So the drug cartels totally con-
trol who comes across, when they come 
across, and in what numbers they come 
across. 
And as the Border Patrol, when they 
are down there and they don’t have su-
pervisors watching over them every 
moment, they will tell you, we know 
when we have a big group come across 
and we are all having to come together 
to get them in process, that that is 
when 
they 
are 
bringing 
in 
large 
amounts of drugs or some high-value 
customer perhaps from a Middle East-
ern country; a place like Yemen, where 
two terrorists were picked up on the 
terrorist watch list. But, of course, if 
they are not going to be able to get 
through customs because they are on 
the terrorist watch list, well, for good-
ness’ sake, all they have to do is come 
to Mexico. The drug cartels will charge 
them extra money, somewhere north of 
$35,000 or so, maybe much more than 
that, but they make a lot of money if 
somebody wants to come and is on the 
terrorist watch list. 
I was told down there, if you are 
coming from China, you are probably 
going to pay $35,000 or more; but some 
of the Middle Easterners, they will pay 
a lot more than that to avoid being de-
tected coming in. 
So let’s be compassionate. Let’s 
allow countries south of our border to 
keep their citizens and grow a vibrant 
economy where people won’t have to 
come begging to the United States. 
They will have their own vibrant econ-
omy, and they will be blessed immeas-
urably because of it. 
A TRIBUTE TO FORMER SPEAKER BOEHNER 
Mr. GOHMERT. Madam Speaker, I do 
want to say a special word of tribute. I 
know our former Speaker Boehner has 
been in the media recently, and I have 
been asked about comments he has 
made about some of us. 
Speaker Boehner was an interesting 
Speaker. I don’t know if he knows who 
Machiavelli was, but he employed some 
of those tactics. I remember July, I be-
lieve it was, of 2011, when he was push-
ing a big sequester deal. I got up at 
conference and said—I haven’t seen it, 
but I read that he apparently said that 
I didn’t make sense. But I stood up at 
conference. 
And 
I 
can 
understand 
sometimes 
his 
mind 
was 
a 
little 
clouded. I might not seem to make 
sense, but I pointed out this sequester 
deal is a mistake. It is a terrible mis-
take because you are going to cost bil-
lions of dollars for the military, to our 
own defense. That is our own security. 
I actually said in front of the whole 
conference, when I was in high school, 
a friend’s father was in a poker game, 
and he thought he had a hand that no-
body could beat. He was out of money, 
so he put his home on the table, and 
somebody had a hand that beat him, 
and he lost his home in a card game. 
And I have known since that time that 
you never gamble with your own secu-
rity, your family’s security, your coun-
try’s security. 
Speaker Boehner said: Louie, listen, 
those sequesters will never happen. 
And I said: Of course they are going 
to happen. 
And he said: No, because we have the 
super committee that will reach an 
agreement; because, if they don’t, cuts 
to Medicare will happen. 
I forget if it was $200 billion or $300 
billion. 
And I said: Of course there will be no 
agreement, because ObamaCare cut 
$716 billion from Medicare, from our 
seniors’ coverage for healthcare. And 
they did it without a single Republican 
House vote. So the only way in 2012 the 
Democrats will be able to run a com-
mercial that says Republicans cut 
Medicare is for the Democrats to pre-
vent an agreement by the super com-
mittee. So the cuts will take place to 
Medicare, and the defense and the 
Democrats will get a twofer, I ex-
plained to Speaker Boehner. They will 
be able to cut the defense, which they 
have been wanting to do, and there will 
be a cut to Medicare that they will 
blame on Republicans’ unwillingness to 
compromise. 
As I recall, there were a couple of 
Senators that even proposed a way to 
raise fees that wouldn’t be called taxes, 
and there was an article that said 
Democrats thought that was going to 
get a deal worked out. Then they met 
with Democratic leaders and they had 
to come back and say: You really made 
a good-faith offer, but we are told there 
won’t be a deal. 
Well, I tried to explain that that is 
what would be coming just as it hap-
pened, but as the Speaker has now ad-
mitted, I didn’t make sense to him be-
cause he had said those sequesters will 
never happen. That was in July. Before 
the end of the year, he had to come be-
fore the Republican conference and ex-
plain why the sequesters were going to 
happen, but we are going try to mini-
mize the damage. 
I also remember another summer 
when there was a short, funds were 
running out for a particular area of our 
budget of our appropriations, and we 
were going to have to do something be-
fore we went out on August break. I 
asked my dear friend THOMAS MASSIE: 
Have you talked to MCCONNELL? Are 
we going to get a deal on this? 
And he said: Yes, I was at breakfast 
with him this morning, and he said he 
and Boehner had an agreement, and we 
are going to extend the funds for a cou-
ple of months, and they are going to 
throw in some additional money to 
help veterans. They have got it all 
worked out. 
So we are listening as Speaker Boeh-
ner gets up, and he says: ‘‘You know, 
what often happens is the Senate 
passes something and leaves town and 
they jam us, and then we have to pass 
what the Senate passed. But here is 
what we are going to do’’—he even put 
his finger in the air—‘‘we are going to 
pass a bill, and we are going to extend 
this a couple months’’—the funding— 
‘‘we are going put some money in there 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
07:40 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00038
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K16AP7.055
H16APPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 37-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1885 
April 16, 2021 
for veterans, and then we are going to 
pass it, and we are going to leave town, 
and we are going to jam the Senate.’’ 
And most of the House Republicans 
jumped to their feet and were giving 
him a standing ovation because the 
Speaker just told us we were going to 
jam the Senate, even though, according 
to what Senator MCCONNELL told an-
other Kentuckian, he and Boehner had 
a deal worked out. But it got Speaker 
Boehner a standing ovation and big 
loud cheers, not from my friend, Rep-
resentative MASSIE, and myself because 
we knew what the truth was. 
But, anyway, some people, I hear, 
miss those days where he was Speaker 
and did things like that, or totally 
missed an opportunity on Cut, Cap, and 
Balance Act. Speaker Boehner said 
that could never pass the House of Rep-
resentatives. We assured him it could, 
and it would if he would just bring it to 
the floor. 
So Speaker Boehner finally agreed, 
and he brought it to the floor, and it 
passed and it was a huge victory, a 
huge day. But by that very afternoon, 
he was already talking about scrapping 
that and working a deal with the Sen-
ate. In other words, he had no inten-
tion of carrying out the will of the 
House as we had just passed it, which 
would have been great for lowering the 
indebtedness and getting America on a 
financially secure path. He was already 
scrapping the big victory we had before 
it even had a chance to be discussed in 
the Senate. 
b 1415 
So I know there is some that miss 
those days, but if God grants us the 
chance to be in the majority again, we 
can’t go back to those days of manipu-
lation. We have got to be straight-
forward with the American people. We 
have got to have leaders that will do 
that. And we have got to be about the 
business of turning this country back 
to where freedom is the watchword for 
the day, not government oppression, 
not government putting businesses out 
of business, but letting freedom reign 
for real once again. 
Madam Speaker, with that, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-
bers are reminded to refrain from en-
gaging in personalities toward the 
President. 
f 
A SYMBOL OF NATIONAL CHANGE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-
uary 4, 2021, the gentleman from Texas 
(Mr. GREEN) is recognized for 60 min-
utes as the designee of the majority 
leader. 
Mr. GREEN of Texas. Madam Speak-
er, and still I rise. 
I rise to call to the attention of our 
Nation a symbol of national shame. 
And I rise to give commentary as I 
read a letter that I intend to send to 
certain colleagues. This is not a letter 
that I enjoyed producing, that I en-
joyed writing, but it is necessary, in 
my opinion, to call to the attention of 
my colleagues a symbol of national 
shame, the Russell Senate Office Build-
ing. 
This building is right here on the 
campus in Washington, D.C. It is a 
building with the name of a person who 
should not be honored in such a way. It 
reads—and for our purposes today, I 
will simply say, ‘‘Dear Colleague.’’ 
It is with love of country above poli-
tics that I send this request to remove 
the name of the racist Democrat—com-
mentary: I will be saying some things 
about Democrats today because this in-
volves Democrats—remove the name of 
the racist Democrat, Richard Russell, 
from the Senate office building named 
in his honor and revert to using the 
building’s original name, the Old Sen-
ate Office Building until the Senate se-
lects another nominee who will be hon-
ored. 
The letter goes on to say: 
In 1972, the Old Senate Office was re-
named the Russell Senate Office Build-
ing, hence for 49 years, the Old Senate 
Office Building has been a symbol of 
national shame bearing the name of an 
unapologetic white supremacist. 
Richard Brevard Russell, Jr., was a 
segregationist who worked throughout 
his career to disenfranchise and dehu-
manize people of color in our country, 
especially Black Americans. 
He participated in his first filibuster 
of a civil rights bill in 1935. And in 1937, 
he was a part of the filibuster against 
antilynching legislation. In his 1936 re-
election campaign, Russell committed 
himself to preserving and ensuring 
white supremacy in the social and eco-
nomic, as well as the political life of 
our Nation. He also blocked the pas-
sage of a 1942 bill to eliminate poll 
taxes, and stated: 
If progressives want to force social equal-
ity and commingling of races in the South, I 
can tell you now that you are doomed to fail-
ure. 
In 
1956, 
Russell 
coauthored 
the 
‘‘Southern Manifesto’’ with Senator 
Strom Thurmond in opposition to inte-
gration of public schools after the Su-
preme Court unanimously ordered it in 
Brown v. The Board of Education. 
In 1964, during a civil rights move-
ment, he proposed a voluntary reloca-
tion program, a racial relocation pro-
gram to adjust the imbalance of the Af-
rican-American 
population 
between 
the 11 States of the old Confederacy 
and the rest of the Union. 
My dear friends, this causes me to re-
flect upon the Trail of Tears. The Trail 
of Tears, quite similar but not nearly 
the same as what happened. The Trail 
of Tears was from 1938 to 1939, when the 
Cherokee Nation was forced to give up 
its land east of the Mississippi and to 
move to an area that we now know as 
Oklahoma. Thousands died. Thousands. 
Many others suffered; they cried. It 
was a trail of tears. 
I suppose this was then-Senator Rus-
sell’s contemporary version of what 
could have been a Trail of Tears for Af-
rican Americans. What a shame and 
sinful thing to propose that people sim-
ply be relocated because you have the 
power to do it, not because it was the 
right thing to do, not because it was a 
thing that would be done with some de-
gree of honor and dignity. It was done 
because he had the power and he had a 
racist mentality, Democrat Senator 
Richard Russell. 
That same year, Russell and 17 fellow 
Democrats—all senators—along with 
one Republican—let me pause for just a 
moment. Some things will bear repeat-
ing. I will repeat that. But I know that 
there seems to be this unwritten rule 
that you don’t say negative things 
about Democrats if you are a Demo-
crat. But there is a higher calling, and 
we all have to speak the truth about 
injustice and that trumps any of these 
rules related to politics. You have to 
put country above politics, and the 
people within the country should be al-
ways placed in a position such that jus-
tice will prevail. 
So I will read again: That same year, 
Russell and 17 fellow Democratic sen-
ators, along with one Republican, led 
the 60-day filibuster against the Civil 
Rights Act of 1964. I don’t care what 
party they were in; it was wrong. 
When this filibuster failed and Presi-
dent Lyndon B. Johnson signed the 
Civil Rights Act of 1964 into law, Rus-
sell, a Democrat, led a southern boy-
cott of the 1964 Democratic National 
Convention as an act of rebellion. He 
was wrong then and it is wrong now. 
Regrettably, dear friends, our Na-
tion’s history is stained with the big-
otry of men like Russell. And although 
racism still dwells in our country, we 
do not have to honor it, and that is 
what we are doing with the Russell 
Senate Office Building. We are hon-
oring bigotry and racism. We are hon-
oring, in a sense, the anti-Semitism 
and the hate and the bigotry that he 
espoused and was proud to do so. He 
never repented. He never atoned. And 
taxpayer dollars are being used to 
maintain this facility, the Russell Sen-
ate Office Building. 
Friends, by reverting the name of the 
Russell Senate Office Building back to 
the Old Senate Office Building, we are 
given the opportunity to atone for hon-
oring this bigotry for 49 years, as well 
as we are given the opportunity to 
honor someone worthy of having a Sen-
ate office building named in their 
honor. This would be the appropriate 
thing to do. 
And by the way, I, in no way, advise 
that a certain name should be utilized. 
I simply say remove the name of Rus-
sell, and after removing the name of 
Russell, let it revert to the name that 
it had, the Old Senate Office Building. 
And in so doing, the Senate has time to 
select a new nominee, another person 
to be honored. 
No building maintained with tax-
payer dollars should bear the name of 
Richard Brevard Russell, Jr. 
To this end—and it actually reads 
‘‘therefore’’—I will introduce a resolu-
tion calling on the Senate to remove 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:29 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00039
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K16AP7.056
H16APPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 38-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1886 
April 16, 2021 
the shameful name of Richard Brevard 
Russell, Jr., from the taxpayer-main-
tained Senate office building bearing 
his name. And I am going to request se-
rious consideration of this resolution 
in the 117th Congress. 
But that is not all that I plan to do. 
I shall not go into great detail about 
the rest of what I intend to do, but I 
will say this: When I go over next to 
the building, I will go over there to 
stand in the area where there is a stat-
ue of Richard Russell, Senator Richard 
Russell, a statue. There is a rotunda. 
He is the prominent figure; there are 
no other statues in that rotunda. If you 
traverse the Capitol, you will find 
many statues but none, in my opinion, 
honored to the extent that Richard 
Russell is being honored. He has an 
area unto himself. 
I am going to go there, and I am 
going to point out that this is the stat-
ue that we have to move. I am going to 
talk about it from the statue itself, 
and I am going to point out some 
things about the statue, because we 
can’t tolerate this kind of legacy being 
perpetuated. It is time to end it. It is 
time to stop glorifying bigotry and 
hate with taxpayer dollars. 
How can we insist on renaming mili-
tary bases that bear the names of rac-
ist Confederate generals and others, or 
military people, and then have an of-
fice building that we traverse on a 
daily basis that we are in and out of 
that is named after a racist and a 
bigot? How do we justify this? 
We have the power—not the House— 
but the Senate has the power to change 
this. I will ask that the Senate change 
it, but I will also go over to the Senate. 
And I want to let the world see what’s 
going on in that hallowed facility 
wherein we allow to occur what we de-
sire to change—and what we are chang-
ing, in fact, in other facilities. It is 
time to change it. 
Madam Speaker, I believe that this 
change should take place immediately. 
It has been 49 years. We have had 
enough time to consider it. 
Madam Speaker, 49 years under var-
ious Presidents; 49 years Democrats in 
control, Republicans in control. 
b 1430 
Some would say that we are just re-
alizing how insidious this invidious be-
havior has been. Well, now that we 
know, we ought to move posthaste to 
change that which we could have 
changed many years ago. 
I love my country. I have great re-
spect for people who hold public trust. 
But I do believe that when we hold pub-
lic trust, it is important for us to point 
out these kinds of circumstances that 
demean the reputation of the United 
States of America. 
This symbol of national shame puts a 
stain on the notion that we believe in 
liberty and justice for all. It puts a 
stain on the notion that all persons are 
created equal, endowed by their creator 
with certain inalienable rights, among 
them, life, liberty, and the pursuit of 
happiness. It puts a stain on the notion 
that we would speak to the world about 
their shortcomings but won’t address 
one that the government has the power 
to change. It is shameful. This has to 
change. 
Now, there are some who would want 
the change to take place, but they 
don’t want it to appear as though 
someone has called this change to the 
attention of people and that they 
somehow will feel that it was done be-
cause it was called to the attention of 
the public. 
Friends, when others speak out about 
injustices against other subsets of soci-
ety, I have always been there to fight 
for that change, and I will continue to 
be there to fight for that change. It 
doesn’t have to originate with me. If it 
is something that requires a righteous 
movement to make a positive change, I 
am going to be a part of that. 
I am going to continue to support 
and fight for the rights of persons in all 
the various subsets of society who have 
been discriminated against. Just today, 
I was on the floor to fight for the rights 
of people who work in certain venues, 
who are being hurt, harmed, and some 
even die. That is my calling. That is 
why I was sent to Congress. I wasn’t 
sent here to go along by trying to get 
along, not calling to the attention of 
my constituents and this country the 
changes that have to be made. 
This is where I stand. This is where I 
will not retreat from. This is a position 
that means something to me and my 
constituents, and it ought to mean 
something to every person in this 
country. 
Madam Speaker, I thank you for the 
time. I thank the leadership for the 
time. And I thank the people who have 
taken the time to hear these words. 
But there is much more to be said and 
much more to be done about a symbol 
of national shame. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
f 
BIDEN 
ADMINISTRATION 
FAIL-
URES CREATING BORDER CRISIS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-
uary 4, 2021, the Chair recognizes the 
gentleman 
from 
Wisconsin 
(Mr. 
GROTHMAN) for 30 minutes. 
Mr. GROTHMAN. Madam Speaker, 
just prior to coming to Washington 
this week, I spent a couple of days 
down at the Mexican border to see for 
myself exactly what was going on down 
there. 
I visited the El Paso sector. I would 
like to thank the Border Patrol, ICE, 
the ranchers, and local law enforce-
ment for being so helpful and inform-
ative to the nine Congressmen who 
were in the El Paso sector over the 
weekend. 
Our goal was to see over the last few 
months how things have changed, and 
in the last 5 months, things have 
changed dramatically at the border. 
For one thing, illegal apprehensions 
are way up. In March, we had 172,000 il-
legal apprehensions, and that doesn’t 
include, of course, the people who 
snuck across without being appre-
hended. This time last year, in March, 
there were 34,000 illegal apprehensions. 
What could cause an increase from 
34,000 to 172,000? 
It was painful not only to hear about 
the numbers but to see row after row of 
young children on mats just waiting 
for something to happen. 
Now, what has happened? What hap-
pened at the border to get a fivefold in-
crease in 1 year, as well as seeing all 
these children in almost inhumane con-
ditions waiting to be taken away to 
somebody who they hope will take care 
of them? 
First of all, this administration got 
rid of the migrant protection protocol. 
Donald Trump, I am sure in very dif-
ficult negotiations, had Mexico agree 
to hold people south of the border 
pending hearings for asylum. That was 
a huge benefit. 
Secondly, we had agreements with 
Central American countries so that 
when people came here from other Cen-
tral 
American 
countries 
or 
South 
America, they would be held south of 
the Mexican border. 
Third, we changed things to the old- 
fashioned catch and release, where we 
touched people, but then when we are 
dealing with families, we let them in 
the United States pending a hearing on 
immigration. We changed title 42 to 
allow more people to come into this 
country, whether or not they have 
COVID. 
Finally, we have a President who, 
during the campaign, made many dif-
ferent statements indicating that ille-
gal immigration was not going to be a 
problem during his administration, 
whether he was promising free medical 
care, supporting sanctuary cities, end-
ing the public charge rule. And Presi-
dent Trump had said: Immigrants com-
ing here, we don’t want you here if you 
are going to wind up on welfare. 
It is no wonder they were wearing 
Biden T-shirts. We make stimulus pay-
ments to people who are here illegally. 
Given all these changes, is it a sur-
prise that so many people want to 
come here? In addition to the fact that 
the changes in the laws themselves 
cause people to get to the Mexican bor-
der to come here, it is advertising to 
the world that the United States does 
not care about immigration laws. 
Now, we have to do something. We 
have dug ourselves a deeper hole in our 
relations with both El Salvador and 
Mexico. It is important to treat our 
Latin American cousins with respect. 
But in February, the President of El 
Salvador, President Bukele, was not 
given an audience when he showed up 
in this country in February. Is that the 
type of way we should treat our Cen-
tral American allies when we want peo-
ple held south of the border? 
The Mexican President feels that 
President Biden has made himself out 
to be the migrant President. Mexico 
does not like this free-for-all at our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:29 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00040
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K16AP7.058
H16APPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 39-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1887 
April 16, 2021 
southern border in which we are 
strengthening the control of the drug 
cartels. 
But, again, our relationship is going 
south there. The migrant protection 
protocol, in which we are holding pro-
spective applicants for asylum south of 
the border, has ended. 
Another thing that I think is causing 
this problem is the actions of the 
President and Vice President. Three 
weeks ago now, our Vice President was 
appointed to be in charge for the ad-
ministration on what goes on at the 
southern border. She hasn’t been there 
yet. This has to raise red flags all over 
the world. 
Do the Vice President and the Presi-
dent get along? Right now, it is not 
hard to find articles by talking heads. 
Did the Vice President want this posi-
tion? Has she accepted the position 
with any enthusiasm? Why, for 3 
weeks, in what to me is probably the 
second biggest crisis, maybe the big-
gest, at least the second biggest crisis 
the United States has undergone in the 
last 6 years, why do we have a person 
in charge of the crisis who has not gone 
down to the border? Does she consider 
this a serious problem or not? 
I would love it if she gave a speech, a 
wholehearted speech, saying that she 
does believe we have a problem on the 
border, and she is going to do some-
thing. 
I am going to divert a little bit from 
my discussion on what is going on at 
the border. I want the Biden adminis-
tration to also give a little thought to 
how this looks to other countries 
around the world. I don’t like the 
United States to have enemies—and I 
don’t consider these countries nec-
essarily enemies—but there are times 
when, clearly, we are being challenged 
by Russia, China, Iran, and other coun-
tries around the world. 
How does the United States look to 
other countries when we can’t even se-
cure our southern border, when it looks 
like we are not even trying to secure 
our southern border? I want the Biden 
administration to think that the com-
plete inaction at the southern border, 
allowing tens of thousands of people to 
cross every month, sends a message 
around the world that this administra-
tion is not yet fully engaged. 
The Vice President has said she 
wants to deal with root causes. If root 
causes mean people making less money 
than in the United States, I mean, we 
are going to have open borders forever. 
We have something great here in the 
United States, and if we feel that some 
people would rather live here, or they 
are not materially as well off as in the 
United States, I will tell you, if we are 
not going to secure the border until 
that is solved, we are not going to 
solve this problem until we have over a 
billion new people in this country. 
We noticed other things on the bor-
der. We noticed the stopping of build-
ing the wall. It is not until you are 
down there that you see all the planks 
that are supposed to be put together on 
the wall just sitting there in the sun. 
Somebody presumably paid for these 
things. I don’t know why, since we had 
all the pieces for a wall down there, 
that we didn’t at least try to build it 
for another month or 6 weeks so that 
the material down there could at least 
have been used. 
I want to point out, by the way, with 
regard to the wall, because some people 
think it cost money, compared to the 
alternative, not only people coming in 
this country using the services we pro-
vide, but we were told at the southern 
border that when you have the old- 
fashioned barbed wire, you maybe 
should have two or three Border Patrol 
agents per mile. But when you have the 
wall, you need one agent for every 2 
miles. There is a tremendous savings in 
the number of people you need in Bor-
der Patrol at the border if you had the 
wall. 
The idea of stopping it mid-construc-
tion, where you have all these metal 
beams spread out just lying in the 
southern sun, is very frustrating. 
Another thing to point out is that we 
met with ranchers down there. How dif-
ficult it must be for ranchers to see 
members of drug cartels walking across 
their land. Wouldn’t that just scare 
you to death? A horrible thing. 
We look at the human toll of people 
sneaking into this country because 
they are escorted into the country by 
the drug cartels. A lot of people don’t 
realize this. Another reason so many 
people are pushed across the border, 
and another organization that will edu-
cate people around the world that you 
ought to come to the United States, is 
the Mexican drug cartels. 
Why do they do that? They do that 
because they are charging 3,000 bucks a 
head for every Mexican person who 
comes across the border. They are 
charging $5,000 a head for every Central 
American. They are charging $8,000 to 
$10,000 a head for every Brazilian. 
As long as the drug cartels are mak-
ing money at the border, is it any sur-
prise that we have such a surge here, as 
they attract people or encourage peo-
ple to come to the United States? 
I want to make another point about 
these poor children at the border. What 
goes on right now is that the children 
come to the border. If they are unac-
companied, we hold them, looking for 
somewhere to put them in the United 
States. It is very heart-rending to see 
all these kids without anybody there. 
But right now, under the current pro-
tocols, if you have a child who has par-
ents in Honduras, but you give them a 
piece of paper saying that he has an 
aunt and uncle in New York, rather 
than send that child back to his par-
ents, they send them to the aunt and 
uncle in New York, who are here ille-
gally. 
Does that make any sense? That is 
what is going on. 
b 1445 
One thing that really irritates the 
Border Patrol down there is they know 
that if American parents were to send 
a 5-year-old child, let’s say, and drop 
him off at the Milwaukee airport and 
hope he shows up in the airport in 
Miami the next day, Child Protective 
Services would be there saying: What is 
wrong with the parents? 
Here at the southern border, we are 
co-conspirators 
on 
these 
dangerous 
trips for the children, some of which 
wind up dying, and many of them wind 
up being sexually assaulted, which is 
just a horrible thing. 
Another thing that we found out at 
the border is that the amount of hard-
core illegal drugs is rocketing up. I 
know some people may say that is an 
old story. The week before I went to 
the border, I happened to visit with the 
DEA in Milwaukee. Last year alone, in 
Milwaukee County, 540 people died of 
illegal drug overdoses. When I talked 
to the people at the DEA in Milwaukee, 
they felt it was entirely possible that 
all 540 people were poisoned to death 
with drugs either brought across the 
southern border or ingredients for 
drugs brought across the southern bor-
der. 
Madam Speaker, look at the sky-
rocketing number of people who are 
dying of hardcore drugs. 
Why is that? 
We should have anticipated it. 
The powerful Mexican drug cartels 
are going to make money. There was a 
time, maybe 10 years ago, when mari-
juana coming across the southern bor-
der was common. But now as more 
American States legalize marijuana— 
Washington, Colorado, and what have 
you—there is so much marijuana being 
produced in the United States that 
there is no money to be made by im-
porting marijuana from Mexico. 
I heard an anecdote of marijuana 
being brought here from Mexico, and it 
was being carted around the Southern 
United States, looking for somebody to 
take it. Nobody would take it because 
you can have higher quality marijuana 
growing legally here in the United 
States. 
So what are the Mexican drug cartels 
going to do? 
They are going to import in this 
country more heroin, more meth, and 
especially more fentanyl. That is what 
we are seeing at the border. 
So rather than being a time to cut 
back and saying that we don’t care as 
much about the border, now is the time 
with the increasing number of fentanyl 
deaths—540 in Milwaukee County alone 
last year from fentanyl and the other 
drugs, which is a shocking number— 
now is the time to dial up enforcement 
at the border. But instead, it seems, we 
are going the opposite way. 
I don’t know what is going on that 
you want to let more fentanyl in the 
country, Madam Speaker. I know there 
are some people who say that it is a 
victimless crime or what have you, but 
you tell that to the families of the 540 
people who died last year in Milwaukee 
County. That is another result of this 
lax, devil-may-care attitude, as far as 
what is going on down there. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:29 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00041
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K16AP7.060
H16APPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 40-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1888 
April 16, 2021 
So the question is: What to do? 
Maybe Mexico will not go back to the 
old agreement, but I think the Presi-
dent should beg Mexico to go back to 
the migrant protection protocol where 
one more time we are allowed to hold 
people on the Mexican side of the bor-
der pending hearings as to whether 
they are eligible for asylum. 
Secondly, we have to hire more Bor-
der Patrol. 
I want to go back and explain some-
thing. I talked about the 170,000 people 
in March who are touched by the Bor-
der Patrol. That doesn’t include people 
whom they don’t catch. The more the 
Border Patrol has to deal with the chil-
dren on the southern border, the less 
time they have to guard the border. So 
there is clearly a significant increase 
in people crossing the border because 
they know the Border Patrol is no 
longer there. They are dealing with pa-
perwork for the children that they 
have to process, and that has to be the 
priority. 
If you are going to go down this path, 
President Biden, and not care about 
the southern border or not reinstate 
the migrant protection protocol with 
Mexico, at least hire more Border Pa-
trol agents so we can process the peo-
ple you are letting in this country; and 
don’t leave these huge swaths of the 
southern border wide open. 
Because of that, people I have talked 
to guess—this is a guess—that whereas, 
last year, maybe 10,000 people a month 
were crossing the southern border 
without the Border Patrol touching 
them, now it is more like 30,000 people 
a month. What a disaster. 
We should amend the Flores agree-
ment, which is what is requiring us to 
take so many of these children and 
ship them around the United States. 
We should be able to send them back to 
their native country. 
We should try to undo the damage we 
have done with the way we have treat-
ed the El Salvadorean President and 
see if he can, one more time, assist us 
in preventing people from all around 
the world coming up from south of 
Mexico. 
Since the metal beams used to put 
together a wall are just sitting there in 
the hot sun, we should at least, at a 
minimum—it would be great to build a 
whole wall—use up the raw materials 
for the wall that are sitting down 
there. Actually, it is more than a wall; 
it is a whole wall system. Just don’t 
have those metal beams just sitting 
there in the desert forever. 
Above all, President Biden and Vice 
President Harris, show you care. Show 
you care. Let the world know that the 
United States does not have an open 
border for anybody to come across the 
border, be they criminal, especially 
people 
coming 
across 
with 
that 
fentanyl. Show that you care. Hold a 
press conference. 
It would be nice if Vice President 
Harris would show that she accepted 
her new job with some enthusiasm. 
Again, the talking heads I read right 
now imply that maybe she didn’t even 
want the job. 
So, please, President Biden, show you 
care before we have 200,000 people a 
month coming in the country. Show 
you care a little about the fentanyl cri-
sis, as we are approaching 90,000 people 
a year dying in this country of illegal 
drugs, most of which come across the 
southern border. Show you care about 
those little children sitting in row 
after row of mattresses on our southern 
border. Show you care about the drug 
cartels and the way they are cor-
rupting the Mexican Government and 
beginning to corrupt the United States. 
Say you want to stop the system in 
which they are able to make so much 
money sneaking people in this country. 
Show you care about the poor ranchers 
on the southern border, who have been 
there for generations and now have to 
be scared to death to go out late at 
night and can’t let their children ride 
their horses on their land for fear of 
what will happen to them. 
If you won’t do it, we have to call 
upon the public and other Members of 
Congress to let the Biden administra-
tion know that the current situation is 
completely untenable. You have to step 
up to the plate and do something. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
f 
BILL PRESENTED TO THE 
PRESIDENT 
Cheryl L. Johnson, Clerk of the 
House, reported that on April 14, 2021, 
she presented to the President of the 
United States, for his approval, the fol-
lowing bill: 
H.R. 1868. To prevent across-the-board di-
rect spending cuts, and for other purposes. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 11(b) of House Resolu-
tion 188, the House stands adjourned 
until noon on Monday next for morn-
ing-hour debate and 2 p.m. for legisla-
tive business. 
Thereupon (at 2 o’clock and 52 min-
utes p.m.), under its previous order, the 
House adjourned until Monday, April 
19, 2021, at noon for morning-hour de-
bate. 
f 
OATH FOR ACCESS TO CLASSIFIED 
INFORMATION 
Under clause 13 of rule XXIII, the fol-
lowing Member executed the oath for 
access to classified information; 
Julia Letlow 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the 
Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
EC–826. A letter from the Army Federal 
Register Liaison Officer, Department of the 
Army, Department of Defense, transmitting 
the Department’s final rule — Admission to 
the United States Military Academy [Docket 
ID: USA-2020-HQ-0008] (RIN: 0702-AB09) re-
ceived April 12, 2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Serv-
ices. 
EC–827. A letter from the Secretary, Divi-
sion of Corporation Finance and Investment 
Management, U.S. Securities and Exchange 
Commission, transmitting the Commission’s 
interim final rule — Holding Foreign Compa-
nies Accountable Act Disclosure [Release 
No.: 34-91364; IC-34227; File No.: S7-03-21] 
(RIN: 3235-AM84) received April 12, 2021, pur-
suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 
121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee 
on Financial Services. 
EC–828. A letter from the Associate Gen-
eral Counsel for Legislation and Regulations, 
Office of Housing-Federal Housing Commis-
sioner, Department of Housing and Urban 
Development, 
transmitting 
the 
Depart-
ment’s final rule — Manufactured Home Con-
struction and Safety Standards; Delay of Ef-
fective Date [Docket No.: FR-6149-F-04] (RIN: 
2502-AJ49) received March 16, 2021, pursuant 
to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, 
Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on 
Financial Services. 
EC–829. A letter from the Assistant Gen-
eral Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Pension 
Benefit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting 
the Corporation’s final rule — Allocation of 
Assets in Single-Employer Plans; Interest 
Assumptions for Valuing Benefits received 
April 1, 2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); 
Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to 
the Committee on Education and Labor. 
EC–830. A letter from the Regulations Co-
ordinator, Health Resources and Services 
Administration, Department of Health and 
Human Services, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Implementation of Exec-
utive Order on Access to Affordable Life- 
Saving Medications, Delay of Effective Date 
(RIN: 0906-AB25) received April 12, 2021, pur-
suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 
121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee 
on Energy and Commerce. 
EC–831. A letter from the Director, Office 
of Congressional Affairs, U.S. Nuclear Regu-
latory Commission, transmitting the Com-
mission’s issuance of regulatory guide — 
Setpoints for Safety-Related Instrumenta-
tion (RG 1.105, Revision 4) received April 15, 
2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public 
Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
EC–832. A letter from the Director, Office 
of Congressional Affairs, U.S. Nuclear Regu-
latory Commission, transmitting the Com-
mission’s issuance of regulatory guide — 
Training and Qualification of Security Per-
sonnel at Nuclear Power Reactor Facilities 
(RG 5.75, Revision 1) received April 15, 2021, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
EC–833. A letter from the Director, Office 
of Acquisition Policy, Office of Government- 
wide Policy, General Services Administra-
tion, transmitting the Administration’s final 
rule — Federal Acquisition Regulation; 
Technical Amendment [FAC 2021-05; Docket 
No.: FAR-2021-0052, Sequence No. 1] received 
March 
16, 
2021, 
pursuant 
to 
5 
U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight 
and Reform. 
EC–834. A letter from the Director, Office 
of Acquisition Policy, Office of Government- 
wide Policy, General Services Administra-
tion, 
transmitting 
the 
Administration’s 
Small Entity Compliance Guide — Federal 
Acquisition Regulation; Federal Acquisition 
Circular 2021-05 [Docket No.: FAR-2021-0051, 
Sequence No. 2] received March 16, 2021, pur-
suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:29 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00042
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K16AP7.062
H16APPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 41-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1889 
April 16, 2021 
121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee 
on Oversight and Reform. 
EC–835. A letter from the Yeoman Petty 
Officer First Class, U.S. Coast Guard, De-
partment of Homeland Security, transmit-
ting the Department’s temporary final rule 
— Safety Zone; Lower Mississippi River, 
Mile Marker 368 through 370, Natchez, MS 
[Docket Number: USCG-2021-0071] (RIN: 1625- 
AA00) received April 1, 2021, pursuant to 5 
U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC–836. A letter from the Yeoman Petty 
Officer First Class, U.S. Coast Guard, De-
partment of Homeland Security, transmit-
ting the Department’s temporary interim 
rule — Safety Zone; Arkansas River, Mile 
Marker 126.6, Little Rock, AR [Docket Num-
ber: USCG-2021-0123] (RIN: 1625-AA00) re-
ceived April 12, 2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure. 
EC–837. A letter from the Director, Legal 
Processing Division, Internal Revenue Serv-
ice, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule 
— Personal Protective Equipment Treated as 
Deductible or Reimbursable Medical Care 
Expense 
(Announcement 
2021-7) 
received 
April 
12, 
2021, 
pursuant 
to 
5 
U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and 
Means. 
EC–838. A letter from the Regulations Co-
ordinator, Centers for Medicare and Med-
icaid Services, Department of Health and 
Human Services, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s interim final rule — Medicare Pro-
gram; 
Medicare 
Coverage 
of 
Innovative 
Technology (MCIT) and Definition of ‘‘Rea-
sonable and Necessary’’, Delay of Effective 
Date [CMS-3372-IFC] (RIN: 0938-AT88) re-
ceived April 1, 2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); jointly to the Committees on En-
ergy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk 
for printing and reference to the proper 
calendar, as follows: 
Ms. LOFGREN: Committee on House Ad-
ministration. House Resolution 316. Resolu-
tion providing for the expenses of certain 
committees of the House of Representatives 
in the One Hundred Seventeenth Congress 
(Rept. 117–18). Referred to the House Cal-
endar. 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York: Committee on Oversight and Reform. 
H.R. 51. A bill to provide for the admission of 
the State of Washington, D.C. into the 
Union; with an amendment (Rept. 117–19, Pt. 
1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. NADLER: Committee on the Judici-
ary. H.R. 1333. A bill to transfer and limit 
Executive Branch authority to suspend or re-
strict the entry of a class of aliens; with an 
amendment (Rept. 117–20, Pt. 1). Referred to 
the Committee of the Whole House on the 
state of the Union. 
Mr. NADLER: Committee on the Judici-
ary. H.R. 1573. A bill to clarify the rights of 
all persons who are held or detained at a port 
of entry or at any detention facility overseen 
by U.S. Customs and Border Protection or 
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement; 
with amendments (Rept. 117–21). Referred to 
the Committee of the Whole House on the 
state of the Union. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the 
Committees on Rules, Armed Services, 
the Judiciary, and Energy and Com-
merce discharged from further consid-
eration. H.R. 51 referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state 
of the Union. 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the 
Committees on Foreign Affairs, Home-
land Security, and Intelligence (Per-
manent Select) discharged from fur-
ther consideration. H.R. 1333 referred 
to the Committee of the Whole House 
on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following 
titles were introduced and severally re-
ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. PRICE of North Carolina: 
H.R. 2610. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 to require institutions of 
higher education to report revenue generated 
by each sports team, and for other purposes; 
to the Committee on Education and Labor. 
By Mrs. NAPOLITANO: 
H.R. 2611. A bill to amend title XIX of the 
Social Security Act to remove the exclusion 
from medical assistance under the Medicaid 
Program of items and services for patients in 
an institution for mental diseases, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on Energy 
and Commerce. 
By Mr. LAMALFA (for himself, Mr. 
NEWHOUSE, Mr. JOHNSON of South Da-
kota, 
Mr. 
MCCARTHY, 
Mr. 
WESTERMAN, and Mr. CRAWFORD): 
H.R. 2612. A bill to provide for forest land-
scape projects, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Agriculture, and in addition 
to the Committees on Natural Resources, 
and the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-
quently determined by the Speaker, in each 
case for consideration of such provisions as 
fall within the jurisdiction of the committee 
concerned. 
By Mr. NEWHOUSE (for himself, Ms. 
SPANBERGER, and Ms. PINGREE): 
H.R. 2613. A bill to amend the Food, Agri-
culture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 
to establish a competitive grant program 
under which the Secretary of Agriculture 
provides grants to land-grant colleges and 
universities to support agricultural pro-
ducers in adopting conservation and innova-
tive climate practices, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
By Mr. GRIFFITH: 
H.R. 2614. A bill to provide for the retroces-
sion of the District of Columbia to Maryland, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
the Judiciary, and in addition to the Com-
mittees on Oversight and Reform, and Armed 
Services, for a period to be subsequently de-
termined by the Speaker, in each case for 
consideration of such provisions as fall with-
in the jurisdiction of the committee con-
cerned. 
By Mr. BALDERSON (for himself and 
Ms. CRAIG): 
H.R. 2615. A bill to amend the Small Busi-
ness Act to allow certain applicants for pay-
check protection program second draw loans 
to select a 90-day period to demonstrate eli-
gibility, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Small Business. 
By Ms. BROWNLEY (for herself, Mr. 
MOULTON, Ms. NORTON, Mr. FOSTER, 
Mr. 
PHILLIPS, 
Mr. 
PETERS, 
Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO, Mr. SHERMAN, Ms. BASS, 
Mr. CLEAVER, Mr. VAN
DREW, Mr. 
GARAMENDI, Mr. KIM of New Jersey, 
Mr. VELA, Ms. ESHOO, Mr. CROW, Ms. 
NEWMAN, Mr. CRIST, Mr. ZELDIN, Mr. 
RYAN, Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York, and Ms. OMAR): 
H.R. 2616. A bill to amend the Omnibus 
Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to 
provide for the eligibility of Transportation 
Security Administration employees to re-
ceive public safety officers death benefits, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
the Judiciary. 
By Mr. CONNOLLY (for himself and 
Mr. HICE of Georgia): 
H.R. 2617. A bill to amend section 1115 of 
title 31, United States Code, to amend the 
description of how performance goals are 
achieved, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Oversight and Reform. 
By Mr. DAVIDSON (for himself, Mr. 
BUDD, Mr. PALMER, Mr. GIBBS, and 
Mr. GUEST): 
H.R. 2618. A bill to provide for congres-
sional review of the imposition of duties and 
other trade measures by the executive 
branch, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means, and in addition 
to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be 
subsequently determined by the Speaker, in 
each case for consideration of such provi-
sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
By Mrs. FISCHBACH (for herself, Mrs. 
HARTZLER, Mr. SCALISE, Mr. ADER-
HOLT, Mr. HICE of Georgia, Mr. BIGGS, 
Mr. LAMALFA, Mr. MANN, Mr. ALLEN, 
Mr. CARTER
of Georgia, Mr. DIAZ- 
BALART, Mr. MOONEY, Mr. HUDSON, 
Mr. KELLY of Mississippi, Mr. BILI-
RAKIS, Mr. DUNCAN, Mr. BABIN, Mrs. 
MILLER of Illinois, Mr. JACKSON, Mr. 
WALTZ, 
Mrs. 
BOEBERT, 
Mr. 
LATURNER, 
Mr. 
EMMER, 
Mrs. 
MCCLAIN, Mr. ROSE, Mr. HARRIS, Mrs. 
LESKO, Mr. GROTHMAN, Mr. BUDD, Mr. 
OWENS, and Mr. STAUBER): 
H.R. 2619. A bill to prohibit Federal fund-
ing to entities that do not certify the enti-
ties will not perform, or provide any funding 
to any other entity that performs, an abor-
tion; to the Committee on Energy and Com-
merce. 
By Mr. FOSTER (for himself, Mrs. 
CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York, 
Mr. 
MEEKS, 
Mr. 
CASTEN, 
Ms. 
VELA´ ZQUEZ, Mr. GARCI´A of Illinois, 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY, and Ms. DEAN): 
H.R. 2620. A bill to amend the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 to prohibit mandatory 
pre-dispute arbitration agreements, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on Finan-
cial Services. 
By Mr. FULCHER: 
H.R. 2621. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Agriculture to carry out a forestry education 
and workforce development grant program, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Education and Labor, and in addition to the 
Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be 
subsequently determined by the Speaker, in 
each case for consideration of such provi-
sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
By Mr. GONZALEZ of Ohio (for him-
self, Mr. JOYCE of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
BALDERSON, Mr. RESCHENTHALER, and 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART): 
H.R. 2622. A bill to establish limitations re-
garding Confucius Institutes, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on Education 
and Labor. 
By Mr. GOTTHEIMER (for himself and 
Mr. UPTON): 
H.R. 2623. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to restore the amount of 
the orphan drug tax credit, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on Ways and 
Means, and in addition to the Committee on 
Energy and Commerce, for a period to be 
subsequently determined by the Speaker, in 
each case for consideration of such provi-
sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
07:04 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00043
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\L16AP7.000
H16APPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 42-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1890 
April 16, 2021 
By Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana (for him-
self and Mr. LARSEN of Washington): 
H.R. 2624. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, to establish a program to track 
potential sources of airborne debris to pre-
vent the collision of aircraft with such de-
bris, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture. 
By Mr. JACOBS of New York: 
H.R. 2625. A bill to amend title 40, United 
States Code, to include Wyoming County in 
the region covered by the Northern Border 
Regional Commission, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure, and in addition to the 
Committee on Financial Services, for a pe-
riod to be subsequently determined by the 
Speaker, in each case for consideration of 
such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-
tion of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. KELLY of Illinois (for herself, 
Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
QUIGLEY, Mr. CASTEN, Mrs. BUSTOS, 
Mr. RUSH, and Ms. NEWMAN): 
H.R. 2626. A bill to redesignate the Pull-
man National Monument in the State of Illi-
nois as the Pullman National Historical 
Park, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Natural Resources. 
By Mrs. LAWRENCE (for herself, Mr. 
GOMEZ, and Ms. DEAN): 
H.R. 2627. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 to increase the period of 
eligibility for Federal Pell Grants, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor. 
By Mr. MEEKS: 
H.R. 2628. A bill to amend the Fair Debt 
Collection Practices Act to extend the provi-
sions of that Act to cover a debt collector 
who is collecting debt owed to a State or 
local government, to index award amounts 
under such Act for inflation, to provide for 
civil injunctive relief for violations of such 
Act, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. PAPPAS (for himself, Ms. CAS-
TOR
of Florida, Mr. PALLONE, Ms. 
SCHAKOWSKY, Mr. KILMER, Ms. LEE of 
California, 
Mr. 
LOWENTHAL, 
Ms. 
SA´ NCHEZ, 
Mr. 
BLUMENAUER, 
Ms. 
ESHOO, Ms. KUSTER, Ms. NORTON, Mr. 
CRIST, Mr. CARSON, Mr. DESAULNIER, 
Mr. TORRES of New York, Ms. STRICK-
LAND, Mrs. HAYES, Ms. SCANLON, Ms. 
BASS, Mr. QUIGLEY, and Mr. COSTA): 
H.R. 2629. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to prohibit gay and trans panic 
defenses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. PAPPAS (for himself and Mr. 
PALLONE): 
H.R. 2630. A bill to amend the Temporary 
Reauthorization and Study of the Emer-
gency Scheduling of Fentanyl Analogues Act 
to extend until September 2021, a temporary 
order for fentanyl-related substances; to the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in 
addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, 
for a period to be subsequently determined 
by the Speaker, in each case for consider-
ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-
risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. PAYNE (for himself, Mr. 
GALLEGO, Mr. RUSH, Mr. TAKANO, Mr. 
GRIJALVA, Ms. PORTER, Mr. SOTO, Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD, Mr. VAN
DREW, Ms. 
PRESSLEY, and Mr. SIRES): 
H.R. 2631. A bill to amend titles XVIII and 
XIX of the Social Security Act to provide for 
coverage of peripheral artery disease screen-
ing tests furnished to at-risk beneficiaries 
under the Medicare and Medicaid programs 
without the imposition of cost-sharing re-
quirements, to amend title XXVII of the 
Public Health Service Act to require group 
health plans and health insurance issuers of-
fering group or individual health insurance 
coverage to provide coverage for such screen-
ing tests furnished to at-risk enrollees of 
group health plans and group or individual 
health insurance coverage without the impo-
sition of cost sharing requirements, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on Energy 
and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means, for a period to be 
subsequently determined by the Speaker, in 
each case for consideration of such provi-
sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
By Mr. PETERS (for himself and Mr. 
BARR): 
H.R. 2632. A bill to eliminate any subsidies 
for flood insurance coverage under the Na-
tional Flood Insurance Program for new con-
struction, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. SCHWEIKERT (for himself, Mr. 
WENSTRUP, and Mrs. MILLER of West 
Virginia): 
H.R. 2633. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to increase and expand the 
credit for carbon oxide sequestration; to the 
Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. SEWELL: 
H.R. 2634. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide a credit for 
American infrastructure bonds, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on Ways and 
Means. 
By Mr. TONKO (for himself and Ms. 
ROSS): 
H.R. 2635. A bill to reauthorize certain 
leasing on the Outer Continental shelf, and 
for other purposes; to the Committee on Nat-
ural Resources. 
By Mr. TRONE (for himself and Mr. 
JOYCE of Pennsylvania): 
H.R. 2636. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Health and Human Services to submit to 
Congress a report on the security and resil-
ience of the United States medical supply 
chains, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. WALTZ (for himself, Mr. 
GOSAR, Mr. WESTERMAN, Mr. LUCAS, 
Mr. WEBER of Texas, Mr. STAUBER, 
Mr. GONZALEZ of Ohio, Mr. SESSIONS, 
Mr. 
BAIRD, 
Mr. 
TIFFANY, 
Mr. 
NEWHOUSE, Mr. GOHMERT, and Mr. 
RESCHENTHALER): 
H.R. 2637. A bill to promote the domestic 
exploration, 
research, 
development, 
and 
processing of critical minerals to ensure the 
economic and national security of the United 
States, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Natural Resources, and in addition 
to the Committees on Science, Space, and 
Technology, Small Business, the Judiciary, 
and Education and Labor, for a period to be 
subsequently determined by the Speaker, in 
each case for consideration of such provi-
sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN (for her-
self, Mr. RUTHERFORD, Ms. OMAR, Mr. 
SMITH of New Jersey, Mr. BOWMAN, 
Ms. 
BUSH, 
Mr. 
PASCRELL, 
Mr. 
CA´ RDENAS, and Mr. CARSON): 
H.R. 2638. A bill to establish a grant pro-
gram to provide amounts to public housing 
agencies to install automatic sprinkler sys-
tems in public housing, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Financial Serv-
ices. 
By Mr. KINZINGER (for himself and 
Mr. PHILLIPS): 
H.J. Res. 41. A joint resolution to establish 
a National Committee on Fiscal Responsi-
bility and Reform; to the Committee on 
Rules. 
By Ms. SCANLON (for herself and Mr. 
RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois): 
H. Res. 321. A resolution electing Members 
to the Joint Committee of Congress on the 
Library and the Joint Committee on Print-
ing; considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI: 
H. Res. 322. A resolution expressing the 
Sense of Congress that the Eagle Staff shall 
be recognized as the first flag of the sov-
ereign Native American Tribal nations and 
the first flag of the Americas, and to encour-
age programs promoting the cultural signifi-
cance of the Eagle Staff; to the Committee 
on Natural Resources. 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H. Res. 323. A resolution recognizing the 
enduring cultural and historical significance 
of emancipation in the Nation’s capital on 
the anniversary of President Abraham Lin-
coln’s signing of the District of Columbia 
Compensated Emancipation Act, which es-
tablished the ‘‘first freed’’ on April 16, 1862, 
and calling upon the House of Representa-
tives and Senate to pass the Washington, 
D.C. Admission Act; to the Committee on 
Oversight and Reform. 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H. Res. 324. A resolution recognizing the 
historic abolitionist events surrounding the 
Pearl, and honoring its legacy in American 
history; to the Committee on Oversight and 
Reform. 
By Mr. ROUZER: 
H. Res. 325. A resolution recognizing line-
men, the profession of linemen, the contribu-
tions of these brave men and women who 
protect public safety, and expressing support 
for the designation of April 18, 2021, as Na-
tional Lineman Appreciation Day; to the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mrs. TORRES of California (for her-
self, Mr. FITZPATRICK, Ms. NORTON, 
Mr. RUSH, and Ms. ESHOO): 
H. Res. 326. A resolution supporting the 
goals and ideals of National Public Safety 
Telecommunicators Week; to the Committee 
on Energy and Commerce. 
f 
MEMORIALS 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials 
were presented and referred as follows: 
ML-8. The SPEAKER presented a memo-
rial of the Legislature of the State of Maine, 
relative to Resolution S.P. 312, memori-
alizing the United States Department of Ag-
riculture, Food and Nutrition Service to in-
clude certain nonfood essentials in the Sup-
plemental Nutrition Assistance Program; to 
the Committee on Agriculture. 
ML-9. Also, a memorial of the Legislature 
of the State of Maine, relative to Resolution 
S.P. 297, memorializing the President of the 
United States and the United States Con-
gress to establish a National Infrastructure 
Bank; to the Committee on Energy and Com-
merce. 
ML-10. Also, a memorial of the Legislature 
of the State of North Dakota, relative to 
Senate Concurrent Resolution No. 4010, clari-
fying the 1975 ratification by the 44th Legis-
lative Assembly of the proposed 1972 Equal 
Rights Amendment to the Constitution of 
the United States only was valid through 
March 22, 1979; to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary. 
ML-11. Also, a memorial of the Legislature 
of the State of North Dakota, relative to 
House Concurrent Resolution No. 3001, urg-
ing Congress to temporarily amend cargo 
carrying truck length and weight restric-
tions on state highways and interstates that 
are a part of the National Network to allow 
North Dakota and surrounding states to con-
duct a road train pilot program and to per-
manently amend the restrictions to allow 
road trains on the National Network high-
ways and interstates if the pilot program is 
successful; to the Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure. 
ML-12. Also, a memorial of the Legislature 
of the State of Maine, relative to Resolution 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:29 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00044
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\L16AP7.100
H16APPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 43-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1891 
April 16, 2021 
S.P. 332, memorializing the Federal Govern-
ment to eliminate the windfall elimination 
provision that penalizes Maine state retirees; 
to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-
tives, the following statements are sub-
mitted regarding the specific powers 
granted to Congress in the Constitu-
tion to enact the accompanying bill or 
joint resolution. 
By Mr. PRICE of North Carolina: 
H.R. 2610. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
As described in Article 1, Section 1, ‘‘all 
legislative powers herein granted shall be 
vested in a Congress of the United States, 
which shall consist of a Senate and House of 
Representatives.’’ 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-
stitution provides Congress with the author-
ity to ‘‘provide for the common Defense and 
general Welfare’’ of Americans. 
In the Department of Education Organiza-
tion Act (P.L. 96–88), Congress declared that 
‘‘the establishment of a Department of Edu-
cation is in the public interest, will promote 
the general welfare of the United States, will 
help ensure that education issues receive 
proper treatment at the Federal level, and 
will enable the Federal Government to co-
ordinate its education activities more effec-
tively.’’ The Department of Education’s mis-
sion is to ‘‘promote student achievement and 
preparation for global competitiveness by 
fostering educational excellence and ensur-
ing equal access.’’ 
By Mrs. NAPOLITANO: 
H.R. 2611. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, clause 1 
By Mr. LAMALFA: 
H.R. 2612. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, clause 18 
By Mr. NEWHOUSE: 
H.R. 2613. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. GRIFFITH: 
H.R. 2614. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8 Clause 17 
By Mr. BALDERSON: 
H.R. 2615. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion 
By Ms. BROWNLEY: 
H.R. 2616. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion 
By Mr. CONNOLLY: 
H.R. 2617. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. DAVIDSON: 
H.R. 2618. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
U.S. Constitution Article I Section 8, 
clause 3 
By Mrs. FISCHBACH: 
H.R. 2619. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. FOSTER: 
H.R. 2620. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 
8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Con-
stitution. 
By Mr. FULCHER: 
H.R. 2621. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. GONZALEZ of Ohio: 
H.R. 2622. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, clause 18 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mr. GOTTHEIMER: 
H.R. 2623. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 
By Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana: 
H.R. 2624. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clauses 3 and 18 of the 
United States Constitution 
By Mr. JACOBS of New York: 
H.R. 2625. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Ms. KELLY of Illinois: 
H.R. 2626. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of section 8 of Article 1 of the 
Constitution 
By Mrs. LAWRENCE: 
H.R. 2627. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article l Section 8, Clause l of the Con-
stitution of the United States. 
By Mr. MEEKS: 
H.R. 2628. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1. 
By Mr. PAPPAS: 
H.R. 2629. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United 
States Constitution states that ‘‘Congress 
shall have the authority to make all Laws 
which shall be necessary and proper for car-
rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, 
and all other Powers vested by the Constitu-
tion in the Government of the United States, 
or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
By Mr. PAPPAS: 
H.R. 2630. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: [The 
Congress shall have Power] To regulate Com-
merce with foreign Nations, and among the 
several States, and with the Indian Tribes 
By Mr. PAYNE: 
H.R. 2631. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8: ‘‘The Congress shall 
have Power To . . . regulate Commerce with 
foreign Nations, and among the several 
States, and with the Indian Tribes’’ 
By Mr. PETERS: 
H.R. 2632. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. SCHWEIKERT: 
H.R. 2633. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S. 
Constitution: The Congress shall have Power 
to make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the 
foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-
ed by this Constitution in the Government of 
the United States, or in any Department or 
Officer thereof. 
By Ms. SEWELL: 
H.R. 2634. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the U.S. 
Constitution 
By Mr. TONKO: 
H.R. 2635. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enactd pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 
8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. TRONE: 
H.R. 2636. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. WALTZ: 
H.R. 2637. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, clause 2 and Article 
1, Section 8, clause 18 
By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: 
H.R. 2638. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for 
carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-
ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-
stitution in the Government of the United 
States, or in any Department or Officer 
thereof. 
By Mr. KINZINGER: 
H.J. Res. 41. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (Necessary 
and Proper Clause). 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-
tions, as follows: 
H.R. 40: Mr. HOYER and Ms. LOIS FRANKEL 
of Florida. 
H.R. 82: Mrs. BUSTOS and Ms. KUSTER. 
H.R. 151: Mr. ALLRED and Ms. KAPTUR. 
H.R. 240: Ms. STRICKLAND, Mrs. AXNE, and 
Ms. TITUS. 
H.R. 263: Mr. RUTHERFORD. 
H.R. 310: Mr. GROTHMAN. 
H.R. 350: Mr. CLEAVER, Ms. WILLIAMS of 
Georgia, and Mr. DESAULNIER. 
H.R. 379: Mr. LAWSON of Florida. 
H.R. 471: Mr. HERN. 
H.R. 540: Ms. WILLIAMS of Georgia. 
H.R. 571: Ms. DAVIDS
of Kansas, Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO, and Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY 
of New York. 
H.R. 695: Ms. SALAZAR. 
H.R. 708: Mr. LAWSON of Florida. 
H.R. 725: Mr. WITTMAN. 
H.R. 751: Mr. WALBERG and Mrs. LESKO. 
H.R. 790: Mr. HAGEDORN. 
H.R. 793: Mr. VALADAO. 
H.R. 804: Ms. KELLY of Illinois. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:29 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00045
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\L16AP7.001
H16APPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 44-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H1892 
April 16, 2021 
H.R. 816: Mr. NEAL. 
H.R. 825: Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-
sylvania. 
H.R. 833: Mr. FITZPATRICK. 
H.R. 843: Mr. BACON, Mr. SMITH of Missouri, 
and Mr. EMMER. 
H.R. 852: Mrs. BUSTOS. 
H.R. 962: Ms. BROWNLEY and Mr. PALLONE. 
H.R. 988: Mr. BROOKS. 
H.R. 993: Mr. ROSENDALE. 
H.R. 1006: Mr. DESAULNIER. 
H.R. 1011: Mrs. STEEL. 
H.R. 1057: Mr. MOORE
of Alabama, Mr. 
DUNN, and Mr. O’HALLERAN. 
H.R. 1132: Mr. ROSENDALE. 
H.R. 1155: Mr. ALLRED and Mr. GREEN of 
Tennessee. 
H.R. 1179: Mr. C. SCOTT FRANKLIN of Flor-
ida. 
H.R. 1285: Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. 
H.R. 1297: Mr. TAKANO. 
H.R. 1333: Mr. SCHNEIDER and Mr. CART-
WRIGHT. 
H.R. 1349: Ms. PINGREE. 
H.R. 1362: Ms. SLOTKIN. 
H.R. 1364: Mrs. MCBATH and Mr. CASTRO of 
Texas. 
H.R. 1368: Ms. SHERRILL, Mr. CICILLINE, Ms. 
ESCOBAR, Ms. NORTON, and Mr. TAKANO. 
H.R. 1387: Mr. MCGOVERN. 
H.R. 1447: Mr. SIRES. 
H.R. 1483: Mr. KILDEE. 
H.R. 1582: Mr. HUFFMAN. 
H.R. 1625: Mr. MANN and Mr. MOORE of Ala-
bama. 
H.R. 1627: Mr. CASE. 
H.R. 1631: Ms. STRICKLAND. 
H.R. 1690: Mr. JACOBS of New York. 
H.R. 1770: Mrs. LESKO. 
H.R. 1812: Mr. MAST and Mr. BARR. 
H.R. 1884: Ms. DAVIDS
of Kansas, Ms. 
JAYAPAL, and Ms. CHU. 
H.R. 1888: Mr. SOTO. 
H.R. 1996: Ms. NEWMAN, Mrs. BUSTOS, Ms. 
ESHOO, Mr. TIMMONS, Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of 
Illinois, Ms. PORTER, Mr. DELGADO, Mrs. LEE 
of Nevada, Mr. COSTA, Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD, 
Mr. TRONE, Mr. LARSEN of Washington, Ms. 
LEGER FERNANDEZ, Mr. GREEN of Texas, Ms. 
PINGREE, Mr. BOWMAN, and Ms. BUSH. 
H.R. 2014: Mr. WELCH. 
H.R. 2023: Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. 
H.R. 2054: Ms. WILLIAMS of Georgia. 
H.R. 2096: Mr. TONKO and Mr. DANNY K. 
DAVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 2100: Mr. JACKSON. 
H.R. 2126: Mrs. MCBATH. 
H.R. 2127: Mr. WENSTRUP and Mr. MCKIN-
LEY. 
H.R. 2163: Ms. BONAMICI, Mr. PALAZZO, Ms. 
BLUNT
ROCHESTER, 
Ms. 
MANNING, 
Mr. 
FITZPATRICK, Mr. ALLEN, Ms. DELBENE, Mrs. 
WALORSKI, Mr. JOYCE of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
SUOZZI, and Ms. DEGETTE. 
H.R. 2184: Mr. KILDEE. 
H.R. 2191: Ms. LOIS FRANKEL of Florida and 
Mr. COHEN. 
H.R. 2226: Mr. BLUMENAUER. 
H.R. 2244: Mr. HUDSON, Mr. SCHRADER, Mr. 
LATTA, and Mrs. WAGNER. 
H.R. 2251: Mr. PERRY. 
H.R. 2283: Ms. LEGER FERNANDEZ. 
H.R. 2294: Mrs. BICE of Oklahoma and Mrs. 
MILLER of West Virginia. 
H.R. 2307: Ms. JACOBS of California, Mrs. 
BEATTY, Ms. NORTON, Ms. KELLY of Illinois, 
and Mr. LEVIN of California. 
H.R. 2343: Mr. PERRY, Mrs. MILLER of Illi-
nois, and Mrs. LESKO. 
H.R. 2347: Mr. MORELLE, Ms. MACE, Ms. 
BONAMICI, Ms. STRICKLAND, Mr. CLEAVER, Mr. 
RUSH, Ms. WILD, and Mr. SUOZZI. 
H.R. 2372: Mr. LEVIN of Michigan. 
H.R. 2373: Mr. LEVIN of Michigan. 
H.R. 2399: Ms. BONAMICI. 
H.R. 2441: Mr. KHANNA, Mr. KATKO, and Mr. 
RICE of South Carolina. 
H.R. 2445: Mr. BIGGS. 
H.R. 2451: Mr. SIRES. 
H.R. 2462: Mr. MOONEY. 
H.R. 2466: Mr. HIGGINS of New York. 
H.R. 2484: Mr. LEVIN of California. 
H.R. 2515: Mr. GUEST, Mr. BURCHETT, Mrs. 
STEEL, Mr. ROSENDALE, Ms. HERRELL, and 
Mr. GOSAR. 
H.R. 2520: Ms. HERRELL. 
H.R. 2582: Mr. MEUSER. 
H.R. 2583: Mrs. AXNE and Mr. BALDERSON. 
H.R. 2586: Mr. LEVIN of Michigan. 
H.R. 2590: Ms. JOHNSON of Texas and Ms. 
JAYAPAL. 
H.R. 2600: Mr. MOORE of Alabama, Mr. AUS-
TIN SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. BABIN. 
H.R. 2604: Mr. GOOD of Virginia. 
H.J. Res. 1: Mr. MOULTON. 
H.J. Res. 11: Mr. WOMACK. 
H.J. Res. 40: Ms. HERRELL, Mr. BISHOP of 
North Carolina, and Mr. BROOKS. 
H. Res. 47: Mr. STAUBER and Ms. CLARKE of 
New York. 
H. Res. 114: Mr. STAUBER and Ms. SALAZAR. 
H. Res. 118: Mr. SIMPSON and Mr. MULLIN. 
H. Res. 131: Ms. WEXTON. 
H. Res. 157: Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. 
H. Res. 240: Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York. 
H. Res. 299: Mr. DESJARLAIS. 
H. Res. 305: Mr. NUNES. 
H. Res. 317: Mrs. KIM of California. 
H. Res. 318: Mr. GUEST. 
f 
DISCHARGE PETITIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XV, the fol-
lowing discharge petition was filed: 
Petition 
1, 
April 
14, 
2021, 
by 
Mrs. 
CAMMACK on House Resolution 274, was 
signed by the following Members: Mrs. 
Cammack, Mrs. Wagner, Mr. Scalise, Mr. 
Cloud, Mrs. Miller-Meeks, Mrs. Kim of Cali-
fornia, Mr. Feenstra, Mr. Higgins of Lou-
isiana, Mr. McCarthy, Mr. Johnson of Lou-
isiana, Mr. Balderson, Mr. Johnson of Ohio, 
Mr. LaMalfa, Mr. Lamborn, Mr. Murphy of 
North Carolina, Mr. Waltz, Mrs. Rodgers of 
Washington, Mr. Joyce of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
Latta, Mr. Luetkemeyer, Mr. Taylor, Mr. 
Meijer, Mr. Kustoff, Mrs. Walorski, Ms. 
Tenney, Mr. Guthrie, Mr. Huizenga, Mr. 
Hagedorn, Mr. C. Scott Franklin of Florida, 
Mr. Harris, Mr. Burgess, Mr. Barr, Mr. Da-
vidson, Mr. Steil, Mr. Stivers, Mr. Arm-
strong, Mr. Green of Tennessee, Mr. Massie, 
Mr. Mooney, Mr. Smith of New Jersey, Mr. 
Buchanan, Mrs. Bice of Oklahoma, Mr. 
Donalds, 
Mr. 
Fallon, 
Mrs. 
Steel, 
Mr. 
Rosendale, Mr. Gallagher, Mr. Fleischmann, 
Mr. Gaetz, Mr. Rogers of Alabama, Mr. 
Womack, Mr. Fitzgerald, Mrs. Fischbach, 
Mr. Burchett, Mr. Westerman, Mr. Austin 
Scott of Georgia, Mr. Bishop of North Caro-
lina, Mr. Banks, Mr. Sessions, Mr. Hudson, 
Mr. McKinley, Mr. Baird, Mr. Weber of 
Texas, Mr. Smith of Nebraska, Mr. Duncan, 
Mr. Newhouse, Mr. Pence, Mrs. Miller of Illi-
nois, Mrs. Spartz, Mr. Williams of Texas, Mr. 
Johnson of South Dakota, Mr. Griffith, Mr. 
Smucker, Mr. Gimenez, Mr. Garcia of Cali-
fornia, Mr. Bost, Ms. Granger, Mr. Emmer, 
Mr. Bentz, Ms. Herrera Beutler, Mr. Rogers 
of Kentucky, Mr. Hern, Mr. Ferguson, Mrs. 
McClain, Ms. Cheney, Mrs. Hinson, Mr. 
Amodei, Mr. Owens, Mr. Chabot, Ms. Van 
Duyne, Mr. Issa, Mr. Crawford, Mr. Hill, Mr. 
Webster of Florida, Mr. Carl, Mrs. Miller of 
West Virginia, Mr. Smith of Missouri, Mr. 
Rouzer, Mr. Jacobs of New York, Mr. Mullin, 
Mr. Carter of Texas, Mr. Kelly of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. Stauber, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Carter 
of Georgia, Mr. Loudermilk, Mr. Thompson 
of Pennsylvania, Mr. Meuser, Mr. Keller, Mr. 
Tiffany, Mr. Budd, Mr. Fulcher, Mr. Forten-
berry, Mr. Wittman, Mr. Walberg, Mr. 
Bergman, 
Mr. 
Hice 
of 
Georgia, 
Mr. 
Moolenaar, Mr. Van Drew, Mr. Palmer, Mr. 
Bilirakis, Mr. Graves of Louisiana, Mrs. 
Harshbarger, Mr. Clyde, Mr. Gosar, Mr. Diaz- 
Balart, Ms. Letlow, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Jordan, 
Mr. Joyce of Ohio, Mr. Timmons, Mr. 
Valadao, Mr. Schweikert, Mr. Bacon, Mr. 
Zeldin, Mr. Kinzinger, Mr. Wenstrup, Mrs. 
Hartzler, Mr. Palazzo, Mr. Biggs, Mr. Ruther-
ford, Mr. Moore of Alabama, Mr. Reed, Mr. 
Buck. Mr. Kelly of Mississippi, Mr. Posey, 
Mr. Rose, Mr. Aderholt, Mr. Nehls, Mr. Long, 
Mr. Turner, Mr. LaHood, Mr. Young, Mr. 
Gibbs, Mr. Grothman, Mr. DesJarlais, Ms. 
Foxx, Mr. Cline, Mr. Allen, Mr. Mast, Mr. 
Moore of Utah, Mr. Comer, Mr. Gohmert, Mr. 
Simpson, Mr. Rice of South Carolina, Mr. 
Fitzpatrick, Mr. Perry, Ms. Herrell, Mr. 
Tony Gonzales of Texas, Mr. Gonzalez of 
Ohio, Mr. Reschenthaler, Mr. Upton, Mr. 
Curtis, Ms. Malliotakis, Mr. Stewart, Mrs. 
Lesko, 
Mr. 
Garbarino, 
Mr. 
Estes, 
Mr. 
LaTurner, Mr. Gooden of Texas, Mr. Hol-
lingsworth, Mr. McHenry, Mr. Brooks, Mr. 
Pfluger, Mr. Obernolte, Mr. McCaul, Mr. 
Mann, Ms. Salazar, Mr. Bucshon, Mr. Lucas, 
Mr. Arrington, Mr. Cole, Mr. Guest, Ms. 
Mace, Mr. Good of Virginia, Mr. Katko, Mr. 
Graves of Missouri, Mr. Dunn, Mr. Roy, Mr. 
Rodney Davis of Illinois, Mrs. Boebert, Mr. 
McClintock, Mr. Norman, Mr. Nunes, Mr. 
Brady. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:29 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00046
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A16AP7.026
H16APPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 45-
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E407 
April 16, 2021 
RECOGNIZING DANIEL CROWLEY 
OF SIMSBURY, CONNECTICUT 
HON. JAHANA HAYES 
OF CONNECTICUT 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, April 16, 2021 
Mrs. HAYES. Madam Speaker, I rise today 
to call your attention to National Former Pris-
oner of War Recognition Day, which takes 
place annually on April 9th. This day honors 
the men and women who fought two battles, 
one in combat and another in enduring untold 
brutality by our enemies. 
April 9th is also the 79th anniversary of the 
start of the infamous 1942 Bataan Death 
March in the Philippines. Invading Imperial 
Japanese forces forced more than 80,000 
American and Filipino soldiers, sailors, airmen, 
and Marines to walk 65 miles up the Bataan 
Peninsula in the tropical heat without food, 
water, or medical care while subjecting them 
to beatings, bayonetting, and beheading. 
Thousands died. 
One of my constituents, Daniel Crowley of 
Simsbury, Connecticut, is a survivor of the 
Battle of Bataan. A member of the U.S. Army 
Air Corps, he was sent to Bataan in December 
1941 after Japan destroyed the military air-
fields in the Philippines. He was part of the 
United States Army’s Provisional Air Corps In-
fantry Regiment and fought in the historic Bat-
tle of the Points on the Peninsula. 
Daniel avoided the Bataan Death March by 
swimming from Mariveles on Bataan through 
three miles of shark-infested and mined 
waters to the fortress island of Corregidor. 
There, he became part of the 4th Marines 
Regimental Reserve who fought a dangerous 
and desperate shore defense until Corregidor 
fell to Japan on May 6, 1942. 
He was one of 300 Prisoners of War sent to 
build an airstrip on Palawan Island for the Jap-
anese Army. Today this site serves as the 
Philippine Air Force’s Antonio Bautista Air 
Base. Daniel was fortunate to be transferred 
off the island before the December 14, 1944 
Palawan Massacre where the 150 Prisoners of 
War remaining on the island were doused with 
aircraft fuel, set afire, and machine gunned to 
death. 
Instead, Daniel was shipped to Japan 
aboard a ‘‘hellship’’ to be a laborer in two cop-
per mines: one owned by Hitachi Ltd. and the 
other, Ashio, owned by the Furukawa Com-
pany Group. He labored alongside Japanese 
and conscripted Korean miners as well as Al-
lied and American Prisoners of War from the 
United States, United Kingdom, Singapore, 
Hong Kong, Dutch East Indies, Norway, Aus-
tralia, and China. 
After liberation in September 1945, Daniel 
returned home to Connecticut. He raised a 
family and became a storied salesman for 
Northwestern Mutual. 
On January 4, 2021, Connecticut Governor 
Ned Lamont proclaimed ‘‘Pacific War Heroes 
Day’’ in Daniel’s honor. After 76 years, Daniel, 
98, finally received his long-denied Combat In-
fantryman Badge, a Prisoner of War Medal, 
and his previously unknown 1945 promotion to 
Sergeant in a ceremony held at the Air Na-
tional Guard Base outside Hartford, Con-
necticut. 
Madam Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join 
me in honoring now Sergeant Daniel Crowley 
for his extraordinary service to our country 
fighting tyranny and oppression. His and the 
more than 200 American Prisoners of War of 
Japan from Connecticut have a history we 
must never forget. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE AND LEG-
ACY OF DR. GILBERT SINCLAIR 
SMITH 
HON. FREDERICA S. WILSON 
OF FLORIDA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, April 16, 2021 
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Madam Speaker, I 
rise today to recognize the life and legacy of 
Dr. Gilbert Sinclair Smith. 
Gilbert Sinclair Smith was born July 25, 
1931, to the late Mr. Albert and Mrs. Gertrude 
Smith. He was raised in Miami, Florida in the 
community of Liberty City. 
After graduating high school, he joined the 
United States Air Force. During his time in the 
service, he began to have a deep hunger and 
desire to whole-heartedly serve the Lord. It 
was then that he had a dream that led him to 
the book of Acts 1:7–8. He realized that he 
needed the power of the Holy Ghost and one 
week later at a revival, he received the gift of 
the Holy Ghost with the evidence of speaking 
tongues. The following Sunday morning, Feb-
ruary 8, 1954, he preached his first sermon ti-
tled, ‘‘You Must Be Born Again.’’ Once he left 
the Air Force, he traveled around the United 
States of America evangelizing and preaching 
the Gospel of Jesus Christ. As a National 
Evangelist, 
he 
conducted 
tent 
revivals 
throughout America, Jamaica, Belize, and 
Honduras. In 1965, Dr. Smith went to Selma, 
Alabama to run a revival after Dr. Martin Lu-
ther King Jr.’s march. This march was later 
called Bloody Sunday. 
In 1970 the Lord led Dr. Smith and his wife, 
Mrs. Geneva O. Smith, to begin the Apostolic 
Revival Center. The ministry started in a store-
front church on 62nd Street and 14th Avenue 
in Miami, Florida. The ministry began with 7 
adult members and a group of kids out of the 
projects of the Liberty City community in 
Miami, Florida. On May 31, 1971, the church 
was registered with the State of Florida an 
independent organization, ‘‘Apostolic Evan-
gelistic Association, Inc. Dr. Smith and his 
beautiful wife began supporting World Mis-
sionary Evangelism. They also assumed the 
responsibility of monthly support for three na-
tive missionaries working in Africa, India, and 
the Philippine Islands. Dr. Smith began an ag-
gressive radio ministry, broadcasting on eight 
stations throughout Florida. The church experi-
enced tremendous growth spiritually, finan-
cially and numerically, causing Dr. Smith and 
his wife to realize the need for a larger facility 
that would accommodate the needs of a grow-
ing church. They purchased the old Liberty 
Theater building, the church’s current location, 
which became the Apostolic Revival Center, 
better known as the Shack, which has now 
been named a historical landmark. 
In 1974, Dr. Smith and his wife began sup-
porting a Pastor in Haiti. God blessed them to 
purchase land in Leogan and build their first 
mission church. Later a school was added 
onto the property. 
In 1978, through Dr. Smith, the prison min-
istry to the incarcerated men of Miami-Dade 
and Broward counties was formed. This min-
istry covered the state of Florida and the en-
tire east coast with annual campaigns in Attica 
Prison in New York. The prison ministry ex-
panded to the women prisons and aftercare 
services to men scheduled for release from 
the Miami-Dade County jail system. 
In 1981, as Dr. Smith and his wife continued 
their commitment to foreign missions, the Lord 
blessed the Apostolic Revival Center in Miami. 
The church purchased the adjacent properties 
across the street which covered the entire 
block of northwest 15th Avenue. The newly 
acquired property became the home of the 
Revival Center Child Care Center for children 
6 weeks to 5 years old. 
Dr. Smith supported a Bible Ministry in 
Israel which led to his dream of a minister in 
Nairobi, Kenya. Subsequently, he began a 
ministry in Kenya. Today, there are over 150 
Revival Centers in Kenya from the plains, 
mountains and coast. Many years later, the 
call of God came for Dr. Smith to journey to 
Tanzania to establish a church in Dar Es 
Saalam. As a result, there are seven Revival 
Centers, a childcare center, and an orphanage 
in Tanzania. 
In 1983, Dr. Smith and his wife opened the 
Distribution Center to help the needy with 
clothing and food with the help of the Amer-
ican Red Cross. This 501c3 program supplied 
thousands of families per month with food and 
food vouchers. 
In 1986, the Apostolic Revival Center taped 
its first television broadcast. This is reported to 
be the longest-running African American TV 
ministry in South Florida. Dr. Smith and his 
wife purchased their own television equipment 
and began broadcasting from directly at the 
Apostolic Revival Center. In 1988, the ‘‘Hope 
For Today’’ television broadcast was formed 
and televised every Sunday on cable networks 
and satellites. ‘‘Hope For Today’’ broadcast 
expanded nationally. 
In the early 1990’s, the ministry expanded to 
the Caribbean Islands, Belize, Central Amer-
ican, and Georgetown Guyana. The Revival 
Center purchased and dedicated a church and 
school in St. Anns, Jamaica. Bibles were dis-
tributed to Russia through mission possible in 
Dallas. In 1998, Dr. Smith and his wife sup-
ported the work in Belize. There are 8 Revival 
Center churches in Nicaragua, 16 in Guyana, 
2 in Haiti, 1 in Grenada and 2 in Trinidad with 
2 schools. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
07:25 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A16AP8.001
E16APPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 46-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E408 
April 16, 2021 
In 2001, Dr. Smith established the Inner 
Strength Biblical Training Center. The biblical 
training center equipped men and women with 
the fundamental teaching of the Word of God. 
In 2004, Dr. Smith established the Apostolic 
Enrichment Center, Inc. The center assisted 
students with standardized testing and other 
tutoring needs. On October 27, 2009, City and 
County Commissioners honored Dr. Gilbert S. 
Smith with a street naming ceremony to co- 
designate a portion of Northwest 15th Avenue 
from 62nd Street to 79th Street, as ‘‘Rev. Dr. 
Gilbert S. Smith Ave’’. 
Dr. Gilbert S. Smith is a true visionary and 
has been a pillar of the Miami ‘‘Liberty City’’ 
Community for more than 50 years. His home 
mission efforts have included helping to im-
prove conditions of his local community such 
as, the ARC Street Ministry, Enrichment Cen-
ter, Prison Ministry, and Distribution Center. 
His foreign mission continues to span over 
several different continents. Over 250 church-
es in Africa, 16 churches in Nicaragua, 13 
churches in Guyana, 1 church in Grenada, 3 
churches in Trinidad with schools. 
Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues and 
all Americans to please join me in recognizing 
Dr. Gilbert Smith for his contributions and for 
his commitment to our community, state and 
country. 
f 
RECOGNIZING 
BAYLOR 
UNIVER-
SITY MEN’S BASKETBALL TEAM 
HON. PETE SESSIONS 
OF TEXAS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, April 16, 2021 
Mr. SESSIONS. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Baylor University’s men’s 
basketball team as the 2021 NCAA National 
Champions. Eighteen years ago, Coach Scott 
Drew talked about coming to Baylor ‘‘for a 
chance to win a national championship,’’ A 
dream vocalized by one man turned reality by 
a team of men with great faith. A team that 
played as one. Oh yes, they had individuals 
and they were outstanding. But it was their 
teamwork mindset that achieved this victory. 
This season, Baylor defeated more top-25 
teams than the three other Final Four teams 
combined. These results prove that hard work, 
a determined mind, and a willing spirit can 
conquer any challenge. To say I am proud is 
an understatement. My hometown Baylor 
Bears have proved their abilities and I believe 
this is just the beginning of much more great-
ness to come. I wish these men as much suc-
cess in future endeavors as they earned this 
season. 
Congratulations men. 
Sic ‘em. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE PLEAS-
ANT HILL HIGH SCHOOL WRES-
TLING TEAM 
HON. VICKY HARTZLER 
OF MISSOURI 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, April 16, 2021 
Mrs. HARTZLER. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the Pleasant Hill High 
School wrestling team on winning the State 
Championship at the Missouri State High 
School Activities Association Class 2 wrestling 
tournament. 
On March 11, the Pleasant Hill Roosters 
wrestling team won their first state champion-
ship in 25 years, finishing 37 points ahead of 
the second-place team. 
The Roosters had nine individuals receive 
medals at the tournament: Sam Ewing, who 
won his 2nd state title, and Garret Lyons, 
Ryan Volland, Lane Snyder, Brayden Bush, 
Zach Redwine, Lane Brattin, Jacob Hanes, 
and Dalton Cole, who also placed. Each of 
these young men have made their school and 
their state proud. 
I congratulate these hard-working athletes 
and the Pleasant Hill High School wrestling 
team on their impressive accomplishment. I 
am honored to represent them, and I wish 
them the best of luck in their future endeavors. 
f 
BONNIE ZEE DAY 
HON. MARK POCAN 
OF WISCONSIN 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, April 16, 2021 
Mr. POCAN. Madam Speaker, I rise to rec-
ognize Bonnie Zee with the following Procla-
mation: 
Whereas, Bonnie Zee began her career as 
the elected Town of Albany Clerk in April of 
1975 and has continued to serve as a valu-
able, and trusted asset to her community to 
this day; and 
Whereas, Bonnie Zee’s vast knowledge, 
dedication, and outstanding performance of 
her duties throughout her tenure has earned 
her the respect, and admiration of her commu-
nity; and 
Whereas, Bonnie Zee’s service as Town of 
Albany Clerk resulted in efficient and effective 
Town government for nearly five decades; 
Now, therefore, I hereby proclaim April 20, 
2021 as Bonnie Zee Day in honor of her 46 
years of public service to her community, the 
Town of Albany, and the State of Wisconsin. 
I join her friends, family, and colleagues in of-
fering her best wishes on her much-deserved 
retirement. 
f 
IN HONOR OF EDITH BETTIS ON 
HER 100TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. TIM BURCHETT 
OF TENNESSEE 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, April 16, 2021 
Mr. BURCHETT. Madam Speaker, today, I 
recognize longtime East Tennessee resident 
Edith Bettis as she celebrates her 100th birth-
day. 
Edith was born in Oconaluftee, North Caro-
lina to Arthur and Ellen Chambers on April 16, 
1921. She lived in Smokemont, North Carolina 
until age 11 when her family’s land was made 
part of the Great Smoky Mountains National 
Park. She then moved to Sweetwater, Ten-
nessee where she attended high school. 
After briefly attending school in Oak Ridge, 
she moved to Detroit, Michigan to help with 
the war effort. During World War II, Edith 
worked on airplanes as a riveter, and after the 
war, she returned to East Tennessee to work 
in a Lenoir City hosiery mill. 
Edith married her late husband, Clarence, in 
May of 1947, and they had 4 children: Janis, 
Charles, Nancy and Rickey. They were later 
blessed 
with 
6 
grandchildren 
and 
4 
greatgrandchildren. 
It’s my honor to wish Edith a happy 100th 
birthday and, on behalf of Tennessee’s Sec-
ond Congressional District, congratulate her 
on becoming a centenarian. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF LUNEATA 
HITE 
HON. RASHIDA TLAIB 
OF MICHIGAN 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, April 16, 2021 
Ms. TLAIB. Madam Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize and celebrate Ms. Luneata Hite, a 
long-time resident of Detroit in Michigan’s 13th 
Congressional District as she celebrates her 
105th birthday. Truly an amazing milestone to 
reach in life. 
Born in New York in 1916, Ms. Hite spent 
part of her childhood in Texas before settling 
in Detroit, Michigan. She went on to attend 
The University of Michigan and pursued a ca-
reer in social work. Ms. Hite takes pride in one 
of her most interesting and powerful work pur-
suits—helping to investigate restaurants ac-
cused of discriminating against African Amer-
ican patrons. This work should inspire us all in 
this Chamber as we continue to rid society of 
all forms of discrimination. In 1941 Ms. Hite 
married Sherman Johnson and was a devoted 
wife. Together they nurtured and raised three 
children in their home in Detroit. 
Ms. Luneata Hite is cherished by her family, 
friends, and neighbors. Please join me in 
wishing her a very happy birthday, surrounded 
by love and light. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TOM COLE 
OF OKLAHOMA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, April 16, 2021 
Mr. COLE. Madam Speaker, for a vote on 
April 15, 2021. Had I been present, I would 
have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 114. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, April 16, 2021 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Madam Speaker, I regret 
that I was unable to cast the following vote. 
Had I been present, I would have voted YEA 
on Roll Call 108. 
f 
LARA LARSON 
HON. JENNIFER WEXTON 
OF VIRGINIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, April 16, 2021 
Ms. WEXTON. Madam Speaker, I rise today 
to congratulate Ms. Lara Larson on her retire-
ment and to thank her for over 30 years of 
dedicated public service with Fairfax County. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
07:25 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A16AP8.002
E16APPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 47-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E409 
April 16, 2021 
Lara dedicated her career to supporting the 
Fairfax-Falls 
Church 
Community 
Services 
Board (CSB), which provides services for peo-
ple of all ages who have mental illnesses, 
substance use disorders, or developmental 
disabilities. She contributed her wisdom and 
guidance to the staff agency-wide, and espe-
cially with the CSB Communications Team. 
Her career is exemplary of her commitment to 
the many residents of Fairfax County, and the 
Cities of Fairfax and Falls Church. 
I thank Lara for all the years of faithful serv-
ice to her community and wish her all the best 
in her future endeavors. 
f 
DEPARTURE OF KAREN LLOYD, DI-
RECTOR OF THE VETERANS HIS-
TORY PROJECT 
HON. RON KIND 
OF WISCONSIN 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, April 16, 2021 
Mr. KIND. Madam Speaker, on April 10, 
2021, after sixteen years with the Library of 
Congress, including four and a half years as 
the director of the Veterans History Project 
(VHP), Karen Lloyd retired from public service. 
I want her to know that her many years of 
dedicated work at both the Library and Vet-
erans History Project are very much appre-
ciated. 
Since the VHP was created following the 
passage of my bipartisan legislation in 2000, 
the program has had five Directors and devel-
oped a repository of over 111,000 individual 
collections in the Library’s American Folklife 
Center—highlighting the experiences of Amer-
ican veterans from every major military conflict 
since World War I. Karen ably guided the Li-
brary’s effort to collect, preserve, and make 
accessible these personal remembrances for 
use by future scholars, journalists, and histo-
rians. It’s an important job and one that Karen 
clearly enjoyed doing. 
Karen led efforts to increase the develop-
ment of women veterans collections, and ex-
panded outreach to Native/Indigenous vet-
erans, working to ensure that the Library’s col-
lection reflected the broad diversity of Amer-
ica’s military forces. She also devoted consid-
erable resources to working personally with 
Members of the House to raise awareness 
about the program and grow the collection of 
veterans histories from every state. She can 
be proud of her efforts to increase the acces-
sibility of the Veterans History Project as a 
constituent resource. 
Before coming to the Library, Karen served 
fourteen years as a U.S. Army Aviator, six of 
them as a dustoff pilot, and was the first fe-
male Medical Service Corp Officer to receive 
Aviator Wings. She served another fourteen 
years as an Army comptroller in a variety of 
positions. She retired as a Colonel after twen-
ty-eight years of military service. Before joining 
the Veterans History Project, Karen served in 
several positions at the Library—including the 
Offices of the Librarian and Strategic Planning, 
where she coordinated special projects and 
assessed Library program performance and 
risk management. 
I have known and worked with Karen 
throughout her time as VHP director, and I 
can attest to the dedication and care that she 
brought to the job. Her passion for highlighting 
the stories of our nation’s veterans was evi-
dent from every interaction and event held by 
the VHP over the years. 
Karen leaves the Library well positioned to 
help usher in a new realm of collections stew-
ardship and digital discovery. I wish Karen all 
the best in her next endeavors. 
f 
RECOGNIZING HARRIET SALARNO 
FOR 
HER 
WORK 
WITH 
CRIME 
VICTIMS UNITED 
HON. DOUG LaMALFA 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, April 16, 2021 
Mr. LAMALFA. Madam Speaker, Harriet 
Salarno is a remarkable woman who went 
through the greatest tragedy a parent can suf-
fer, inspiring her to change the lives of families 
across the nation. 
On September 3, 1979 her eldest daughter 
Catina was murdered execution style on her 
first day of college. After being thrust into the 
criminal justice system Harriet soon learned 
that crime victims had no voice or rights in the 
system. She mustered a strong resolve that 
only a remarkable woman can, and she began 
the fight for a voice for crime victims and sur-
vivors as well as for public safety in California 
and throughout the nation. 
To accomplish her mission, she founded 
Crime Victims United, the only political action 
group of its kind in the nation dedicated to ad-
vocating for survivors of crime and for public 
safety. Starting in 1982, she began her work 
by successfully getting the legislature to 
amend the California constitution to include 
crime victims’ rights (the first one in the history 
of the nation). Nearly forty years later, she en-
deavors daily to ensure the victims of crime, 
survivors, and first responders are not forgot-
ten. Her efforts have led to state and national 
reforms including constitutional amendments, 
legislative and regulatory changes. 
Her vision, passion, and mission is clear in 
her formidable resolve to educate those that 
are often the most forgotten in our society. To 
this day she can be found at the legislature or 
in communities educating and advocating for 
others about crime victims and public safety. 
Her commitment to never have another family 
feel the pain and isolation she has felt, re-
mains clear and strong to this day. 
Harriet has never forgotten what victims 
need most; someone to listen, someone to 
grieve with, and someone to support them in 
their darkest of times. At the age of 88, she 
still goes to her office daily answering phone 
calls and emailing letters to assist victims. She 
sends cards to families on the days of remem-
brance; and she strives to allow families not 
only to grieve but gather the strength to move 
forward. 
Truly she has changed the lives of those in 
despair. 
While creating this unique organization, she 
raised two daughters and grandchildren who 
also share the same aspirations for assisting 
victims, ensuring public safety, and she has 
served as their role model to inspire commu-
nity service. 
Harriet has given our world multiple genera-
tions of those who are the helpers of those 
who most need it in their darkest time. It has 
been my privilege to work with Harriet over the 
years and a true honor to call her my friend. 
HONORING THE LATE STAFF SER-
GEANT SPECIALIST JOE HENRY 
MOORE 
HON. FREDERICA S. WILSON 
OF FLORIDA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, April 16, 2021 
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Madam Speaker, I 
rise today to recognize and honor the late 
Staff Sergeant Specialist Joe Henry Moore, a 
faithful servant of God, a veteran, beloved fa-
ther and friend. 
Whereas, Joe Henry Moore was born on 
July 27, 1922, on the clay hills of Greenville, 
Mississippi to the late Annie Edwards and 
George Henry Moore; and 
Whereas, Staff Sergeant Specialist Joe 
Henry Moore, or ‘‘Pops’’, ‘‘Poppa Joe’’ and 
‘‘Whytaski’’, as he was affectionately called 
was raised in Mississippi where he received 
his primary and secondary education at the 
Dry Bend School, a one-room classroom 
where he was taught by Mrs. Harvey. At an 
early age, ‘‘Poppa Joe’’ attended church with 
his family, at Union Chapel Missionary Baptist 
Church where he began his Christian journey 
with God. He was baptized in a creek called 
Deer Creek by Pastor G. H. Hankins on Sep-
tember 13, 1936; and 
Whereas, Mr. Moore had a sincere desire to 
become a soldier to serve his country and 
joined the United States Army Air Corps De-
cember 2, 1942 at the tender age of 19 years 
old. While enlisted, he served during the Post 
Pearl Harbor, World War II, Normandy and the 
Korean Peacetime era. He held multiple posi-
tions to include Special Services in Le Harve, 
France. In this role, he was a Certified Sharp-
shooter and Marksman. Other assignments in-
cluded: Projectionists/Librarian and became a 
Certified Master Chef. ‘‘Poppa Joe’’ became 
such an accomplished chef that he prepared 
meals for General George S. Patton. Staff 
Sergeant Specialist Moore was wounded while 
fighting for our freedom during the Pearl Har-
bor/World War II—Normandy era earning a 
number of distinguished honors and awards to 
include the following: The Silver Star Medal— 
for Gallantry in Action; the Bronze Battle Star 
of Normandy, France—25 July–September 
1944; the Army Good Conduct Medal; The 
EAMETO Medal—Europe-African Middle East-
ern Campaign Service Medal—issued by 
President Franklin D. Roosevelt; the Post 
Pearl Harbor Service Medal; the Carbine SS, 
GCM 5th Award and the Occupational Medal- 
German; and 
Whereas, after serving his country for more 
than twenty years and returning the United 
States, Mr. Moore was employed as a Police 
Officer at the New Orleans Harbor Police De-
partment and a Foreman at Pan American Life 
Insurance. Mr. Moore became a Mason and 
achieved the highest level as a 33rd degree 
Mason; and 
Whereas, Staff Sergeant Specialist Moore 
continued serving God and later become an 
ordained Deacon. He joined the membership 
of Mt. Airy Baptist Church where he served 
faithfully on the Deacon ministry for many 
years. In 2009, after relocating to Miami, Flor-
ida, he joined the membership of New Birth 
Cathedral of Faith International under the Sen-
ior, pastoral teachings of Bishop Victor T. 
Curry. He was a faithful member and Deacon. 
Whereas, Staff Sergeant Specialist Moore 
leaves to cherish his memories and moments 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
07:25 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A16AP8.010
E16APPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 48-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E410 
April 16, 2021 
of his love, life, and legacy: his six children: 
Elder JoeAnn (Lucious, Jr.) Moore Taylor, 
Deacon Steven (Deborah) Moore, of Houston, 
TX, SSgt. George (Melonie) Henry Moore 
(USAF) of Orangeburg, SC, Psalmist Kimbur 
Lee Moore Santacruze of La Place, LA, Sgt. 
Felix Swanson (USAF) of Dallas, TX, Petty Of-
ficer 3rd Karl Moore (USAF) of Houston, TX; 
along with their mothers: Mrs. Alma L. Hen-
derson and Ms. Minnie Moore; nine grand-
children: Dr. Jessica Diana Jones, Dr. Vincent 
Johnathan 
Jones 
II, 
Enisha 
(Galen) 
Santacruze-Joseph, 
Sophia 
Santacruze, 
Simeka Lou Taylor, Lucious Taylor III, and 
Tarilyn Taylor, Tatiana Taylor; three great- 
grands, Luke Daniel Bailey Jones, Farrah, 
Kayden Swanson and one soon-to-be great 
granddaughter whose name will be Princess 
Zoe¨; and 
Now, therefore, be it resolved that I, FRED-
ERICA S. WILSON, a member of the United 
States House of Representatives representing 
the 24th Congressional District of Florida, am 
honored to recognize the late Staff Sergeant 
Specialist Joe Henry Moore for his commit-
ment, dedication and service to our country. 
f 
CELEBRATING 
LEADERSHIP 
AR-
KANSAS’ XV GRADUATING CLASS 
HON. BRUCE WESTERMAN 
OF ARKANSAS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, April 16, 2021 
Mr. WESTERMAN. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to extend my sincere congratulations to 
a new crop of emerging leaders from the Nat-
ural State. 
Leadership Arkansas is a unique program 
grounded in the belief that real progress is 
achieved by bringing a diverse set of interests 
and backgrounds together. First introduced in 
2005 by the Arkansas State Chamber of Com-
merce and Associated Industries of Arkansas, 
Leadership Arkansas recruits highly motivated 
individuals to experience first-hand the dy-
namic interactions between cities, industries, 
governmental units and the people they serve. 
This year’s graduating class includes: Alli-
son Bermudez, Jill Bobo, Kent Bridger, Danna 
Caldwell, Nate Caldwell, John Cantabery, Jen-
nifer Christman Cia, Sammie Cribbs, Jake 
Fair, Jill Floyd, Jay Geaney, Jeremiah Gentry, 
Maggie Jo Hansen, Nathan Harris, Jeff Hatley, 
Allison Hestand, Aaron Huntley, Chad Kinsley, 
Courtney Little, Rusty Meeks, Jennifer Mo-
rales, Joey Msall, David Orr, Ryan Pettigrew, 
Grace Rains, Brandon Resecker, Karen Shaw, 
Hunter Stuckey, Ventrell Thompson, Amy Wil-
liams, and Drew Williams. 
More than 800 Leadership Arkansas alumni 
have gone on to accept roles of great respon-
sibility in both the public and private sectors. 
I rise today to congratulate these graduates on 
this high honor and to thank them for their 
commitment to serving our home. I am en-
couraged by the example of leadership, excel-
lence, and professionalism demonstrated by 
this year’s class, and I look forward to seeing 
how these exceptional individuals will shape 
the future growth of the State of Arkansas and 
our Nation. 
IN RECOGNITION OF NATIONAL 
INFERTILITY AWARENESS WEEK 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, April 16, 2021 
Ms. JOHNSON of Texas. Madam Speaker, 
I rise today to commemorate National Infertility 
Awareness Week and to salute the wonderful 
progress that has been made over the last 
four decades to help individuals have families 
who otherwise could not. It would shock most 
Americans to know that according to the Cen-
ters for Disease Control and Prevention, the 
disease of Infertility affects one in eight, or ap-
proximately 7.4 million, American women of 
reproductive age. The disease affects both 
men and women and it knows no barriers—it 
affects individuals of all races, religious back-
grounds, and economic status. The good 
news is that since 1978, as a result of extraor-
dinary medical advancements, millions of cou-
ples have been able to receive life affirming 
treatments that have resulted in the delivery of 
babies. While this is something that most of us 
take for granted, it is a painful and devastating 
struggle for millions of couples throughout the 
world. 
As a nurse who has fought for medical ad-
vancements in cancer treatment and care, in 
Diabetes care, and in dozens of health 
screenings that bring hope of saving lives, I 
must admit to absolute amazement at the con-
tributions that research scientists and Repro-
ductive Endocrinologists have made in the ad-
vancement of Infertility treatments—including a 
procedure that allows young cancer patients to 
preserve their fertility prior to undergoing life 
saving chemotherapy treatments. Organiza-
tions like RESOLVE, the National Infertility As-
sociation, and the Alliance for Fertility Preser-
vation advocate for the millions of individuals 
and couples in this country who need the help 
to have a family. Ms. Barb Collura, the CEO 
of RESOLVE, recently testified before Con-
gress in support of fertility services for the 
countless military veterans whose service re-
lated injuries have rendered them infertile. I 
am pleased that these organizations, these In-
fertility warriors, are active in my own state of 
Texas as well as throughout the nation. 
As a grandmother and great grandmother, 
and with Mother’s Day around the corner, I sa-
lute Infertility warriors throughout the country 
and the world, who advocate on behalf of that 
most precious of gifts, that of family. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. HALEY M. STEVENS 
OF MICHIGAN 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, April 16, 2021 
Ms. STEVENS. Madam Speaker, on April 
15, 2021, I missed Roll Call Vote 112 on the 
Debarment Enforcement of Bad Actor Reg-
istrants Act. Had I been present, I would have 
voted YEA on Roll Call No. 112. 
HONORING MORGAN MASSEY 
HON. H. MORGAN GRIFFITH 
OF VIRGINIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, April 16, 2021 
Mr. GRIFFITH. Madam Speaker, I rise in 
honor of Evan Morgan Massey of Richmond, 
Virginia, who passed away on March 10, 2021 
at the age of 94. Morgan Massey was a busi-
ness leader and philanthropist whose visionary 
leadership in the coal industry made an impact 
across the globe and certainly in the Ninth 
Congressional District of Virginia I represent. 
Mr. Massey was born on December 29, 
1926. He trained for service as an aviator dur-
ing World War II and later graduated from the 
University of Virginia. He joined his family’s 
firm, A.T. Massey Coal Company, in 1949. Mr. 
Massey helped drive the company from a 
midsize operation to one of the largest coal 
companies in the United States. The family 
sold the company to St. Joe Minerals in 1973, 
and Mr. Massey continued to run the company 
until he retired in 1991. 
Following retirement, Mr. Massey extended 
his endeavors across the globe, developing 
operations abroad and championing new uses 
for coal. He expanded mining into China and 
Venezuela and founded the Evan Energy 
Company to improve coal mining safety in 
South America and China. Mr. Massey sup-
ported research such as that at Virginia Tech 
which generates rare earth minerals from coal 
and coal byproducts. A tireless innovator and 
entrepreneur, Mr. Massey remained active in 
his office daily even late in life. 
Beyond his role in business, Mr. Massey 
served Richmond’s philanthropic community 
through the Massey Foundation, founded by 
his uncle and father, and the Joan and Mor-
gan Massey Foundation. His interests included 
higher education, medical research, and the 
development of new technologies, and his 
philanthropic support of these causes have im-
proved the lives of many. 
Mr. Massey’s survivors include his daugh-
ters, Elizabeth Anne Massey, Susan Chapman 
Massey and Nancy Lee Massey; sons, Evan 
Morgan Massey, Jr. and his wife, Robin, John 
William Massey and his wife, Kelli, Charles 
Taylor Massey and his wife, Sarah and Craig 
Lewis Massey and his wife, Sky; 15 grand-
children and four great-grandchildren. I offer 
them my condolences on this loss of the great 
business leader and philanthropist. 
f 
FAREWELL TO AMBASSADOR EX-
TRAORDINARY 
AND 
PLENI-
POTENTIARY 
OF 
ROMANIA, 
GEORGE CRISTIAN MAIOR 
HON. DEVIN NUNES 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, April 16, 2021 
Mr. NUNES. Madam Speaker, I rise today 
to bid farewell to Ambassador George C. 
Maior, who will be ending his posting as Ro-
mania’s Ambassador to the United States at 
the end of May. After serving as Ambassador 
to the United States since 2015, he will be 
greatly missed by all who have had the pleas-
ure of working with him. He has consistently 
devoted his impressive reserves of energy, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
07:25 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00004
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A16AP8.013
E16APPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 49-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E411 
April 16, 2021 
enthusiasm, and wisdom in representing Ro-
mania, while working to develop the bilateral 
relationship between Romania and the United 
States. 
Ambassador 
Maior’s 
diplomatic 
career 
spans three decades. He joined the Romanian 
Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1992 and served 
in the Department of Treaties and later the 
Department of Strategic Affairs. From 1997 to 
1999, he served as the Charge´ D’affaires at 
the Romanian Embassy in Dublin, Ireland and 
in 2004, he was conferred the rank of Ambas-
sador. 
Throughout his career, he has served in top 
positions dedicated to public service, including 
as State Secretary and head of the Depart-
ment for Euro-Atlantic Integration and Defense 
Policy within the Romanian Ministry of Na-
tional Defense. 
In November 2004, Ambassador Maior was 
elected as Senator in the Romanian Par-
liament, where he served as Chairman of the 
Committee for Defense, Public Order and Na-
tional Security; member of the Joint Com-
mittee for the Parliamentary Oversight on the 
Foreign Intelligence Service Activity; and 
member of the Senate Committee for Human 
Rights, Cults and Minorities. 
In 2006, he was nominated to serve as the 
Director of the Romanian Intelligence Service 
(SRI). During his eight years as Director, the 
SRI bolstered its bilateral and multilateral part-
nerships with intelligence services around the 
world. Ambassador Maior was consistently 
recognized by the United States Government 
for his outstanding partnership and exceptional 
leadership in that position. 
I wish Ambassador Maior and his wife 
Anamaria the greatest success and happiness 
as he moves to his next assignment as Roma-
nia’s Ambassador to Jordan. While he will be 
missed in the United States, I am confident he 
will continue to emphasize the strategic impor-
tance of the bilateral relationship between our 
two nations. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF CONNIE DORL 
HON. VICKY HARTZLER 
OF MISSOURI 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, April 16, 2021 
Mrs. HARTZLER. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to acknowledge the service of Con-
stance (Connie) Dorl, and to congratulate her 
on her March 26th retirement. 
Connie has served at the USDA in Johnson 
and Henry counties for the last 31 years. She 
has helped many farmers, producers, and 
ranchers within these counties of Missouri’s 
4th District over those three decades. Connie 
has been with the USDA through all the years’ 
changes and has never failed to help others 
through her work. It is dedicated professionals 
like Connie who enable our farmers to suc-
ceed and feed the world. 
In addition to helping agricultural commu-
nities, Connie has also been a dedicated mili-
tary spouse and mother. She has been able to 
balance these three elements of her life in 
such a successful way that she has been 
there for anyone in need. Those who know 
Connie can attest to her untiring support of 
her family and Missouri’s agricultural commu-
nities. 
I would like to recognize Connie’s dedication 
and 31 years of service and congratulate her 
on her retirement. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ANNA G. ESHOO 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, April 16, 2021 
Ms. ESHOO. Madam Speaker, I was unable 
to be present during roll call vote number 106. 
Had I been present I would have voted YES. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, April 16, 2021 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Madam Speaker, I 
was unable to be present for a recorded vote 
on April 15, 2021 during a period of time for 
H.R. 1502, the Microloan Improvement Act. 
Had I been present, I would have voted YEA 
on Roll Call No. 114. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE AND 
LEGACY OF SHIRLEE LAFLEUR 
HON. FREDERICA S. WILSON 
OF FLORIDA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, April 16, 2021 
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Madam Speaker, I 
rise today to recognize the life and legacy of 
Shirlee Lafleur a beloved mother, wife, daugh-
ter, sister, friend, a community leader in South 
Florida, and a longtime member of my staff. 
Shirlee Moreau was born on November 10, 
1969, in Miami Beach, Florida to Eugenie V. 
Moreau and Avenant Moreau, Sr. She was the 
second of three children born to this union. 
Shirlee found her true purpose in life on 
January 26, 2002, when she laid the founda-
tion for one of the most beautiful and God- 
blessed families by marrying Pierre Paul La-
fleur. Their love produced two talented and 
amazing daughters, Amanda and Samantha 
around whom they centered their lives, and 
who like their parents excel in the classroom 
and in the many activities in which they take 
part. While Shirlee was dedicated to helping 
others, she was even more devoted to her two 
blessings from God, always glowing and ex-
cited when talking about them. 
God touched Shirlee in a very special way 
and she, in turn, touched the lives of so many 
others. A faithful member of Antioch Mis-
sionary Baptist Church, led by Reverend Ar-
thur Jackson, III., she was very proud of her 
membership and was not shy about inviting 
others to find solace in the bosom of Christ. 
Shirlee had a very close and personal relation-
ship with Christ. Her faith was grounded in be-
lief in Psalm 18:2, ‘‘The LORD is my rock, and 
my fortress, and my deliverer; my God, my 
strength, in whom I will trust; my buckler, and 
the horn of my salvation, and my high tower.’’ 
Shirlee was especially proud of her Amer-
ican and Haitian heritage. She fought tirelessly 
for the rights and well-being of Haitians 
throughout the diaspora and was an unparal-
leled leader in the Haitian community and at 
the forefront of immigration issues, given Mi-
ami’s unofficial status as the second capital of 
Haiti due to its large concentration of people 
of Haitian heritage. It was her Haitian roots 
and strong cultural beliefs in the importance of 
faith, family, and friends instilled in her by her 
mother, Eugenie Moreau, that made her such 
a dogged advocate for others. 
Shirlee was an outstanding student at North 
Miami High School. Although she was quiet, 
she was well liked for her friendly nature and 
helpful attitude that would become the trade-
mark of her life. As a flagette of the North 
Miami marching band, she began to blossom 
into the social butterfly that she would later 
become. 
After graduating from high school, Shirlee 
continued to excel academically earning a de-
gree in business administration from Florida 
International University. Even more impres-
sive, Shirlee worked while in college to sup-
port herself, which is indicative of her inde-
pendent spirit. Upon graduation, she devel-
oped what initially began as an internship into 
a permanent supervisory position with Dade’s 
Team Metro. She was a natural for the posi-
tion which required her to help Miami Dade 
residents resolve often complex issues with 
county services. 
In 1998, she elevated her burgeoning career 
in public service by accepting a position as a 
legislative assistant in the office of then-Flor-
ida State Senator Kendrick B. Meek. Shirlee’s 
commitment to helping her community shone 
even brighter as a member of Senator Meek’s 
staff and she continued to be one of his most 
trusted staff members when he ascended to 
the United States House of Representatives. 
Shirlee played a prominent role in several 
incidents that made national and international 
headlines. She was the central cog to many of 
the life-changing efforts that the congressional 
office undertook during her tenure. She was 
integral in helping to facilitate the efforts to lib-
erate the nearly 300 Nigerian schoolgirls, 
known as the Chibok Girls, kidnapped by 
Boko Haram as part of the international 
#BringBackOurGirls campaign that I had 
pledged to wage until all of the girls are re-
turned home. Shirlee helped coordinate docu-
mentation and travel for several of the girls 
who escaped their captors to find safe havens 
and a brighter future in the United States. 
This effort was not the exception, but the 
norm. She worked through the night many 
times to stave off a deportation of parents who 
were casualties of a sometimes-harsh immi-
gration system. Families were reunited and 
their stories made headlines, but Shirlee, a 
central figure in turning miraculous efforts into 
reality, was soon on to the next challenge 
within only a few minutes. Without exaggera-
tion, her work has saved the lives of thou-
sands who have sought refuge in our great 
nation. 
In one of the rare times she was unable to 
avoid the spotlight, she was recognized in a 
May 2013 Miami Herald article for organizing 
an eleventh-hour effort to prevent a father 
from being ripped from his family and de-
ported to Mexico. When an 18-year-old asked 
at a town hall meeting if there was anything 
that could be done to save his father who was 
set to be deported at 4 a.m. the following 
morning, I was initially stunned by the short 
window within which there was to work, but 
knew that if anyone could keep this family to-
gether, Shirlee could. Needless to say, she did 
and as the article noted as a true testament to 
her commitment, ‘‘Shirlee Lafleur called every-
one.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
07:25 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00005
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A16AP8.018
E16APPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 50-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E412 
April 16, 2021 
Beyond immigration, Shirlee helped save 
the homes of countless families in South Flor-
ida and staved off evictions and foreclosures 
by connecting families with services that were 
able to provide the help they needed. Most 
telling of Shirlee’s ability, is that many of the 
resources that she connected families with 
were not on the federal level. She was so well 
respected and her assistance so trusted and 
valued that many people turned to her first to 
connect them with the appropriate local agen-
cy, knowing she would follow up to make sure 
their issue had been resolved. 
Shirlee was a congressional staffer for more 
than two decades and her loss has created a 
major void. The thousands of lives that she 
has touched and the even more connections 
she has made will remain a testament to the 
erstwhile presence of a one-in-a-million per-
sonality. Shirlee was a champion for teachers, 
seniors, workers, and the most vulnerable 
members of our community. 
Shirlee transitioned into the presence of 
God on March 22, 2021. She leaves to cher-
ish her fond memories, her devoted husband, 
Pierre Lafleur, beautiful daughters, Amanda 
and Samantha, father, Avenant Moreau, Sr., 
mother, Eugenie Moreau, brother, Avenant 
Moreau, 
Jr., 
sister, 
Mirlanda 
M. 
Russ 
(Travelis), sister-in-law, Marie J. Pyram, neph-
ews, Christien A. Moreau and Gabriel R. 
Allende, nieces, Nathalie and Justina Pyram, 
and great-niece, Skylyn G. Allende, countless 
extended family and friends, and thousands of 
others upon whose lives she made a positive 
impact. 
Madam Speaker, please join me in honoring 
Ms. Shirlee Moreau Lafleur for all that she has 
done for our community and the lives of the 
many she has touched. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ELISSA SLOTKIN 
OF MICHIGAN 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, April 16, 2021 
Ms. SLOTKIN. Madam Speaker, I strongly 
support our bipartisan efforts to combat the 
opioid epidemic. On April 15, 2021, I missed 
Roll Call No. 112 on the DEBAR Act. Had I 
been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll 
Call No. 112. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
07:25 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00006
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A16AP8.022
E16APPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS
---

 -Page 51-
D362 
Friday, April 16, 2021 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate was not in session and stands ad-
journed until 3 p.m., on Monday, April 19, 2021. 
Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 29 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 2610–2638; and 7 resolutions, H.J. 
Res. 41; and H. Res. 321–326, were introduced. 
                                                                                    Pages H1889–90 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H1891–92 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
H. Res. 316, providing for the expenses of certain 
committees of the House of Representatives in the 
One Hundred Seventeenth Congress (H. Rept. 
117–18); 
H.R. 51, to provide for the admission of the State 
of Washington, D.C. into the Union, with an 
amendment (H. Rept. 117–19, Part 1); 
H.R. 1333, to transfer and limit Executive Branch 
authority to suspend or restrict the entry of a class 
of aliens, with an amendment (H. Rept. 117–20, 
Part 1); and 
H.R. 1573, to clarify the rights of all persons who 
are held or detained at a port of entry or at any de-
tention facility overseen by U.S. Customs and Border 
Protection or U.S. Immigration and Customs En-
forcement, with amendments (H. Rept. 117–21). 
                                                                                            Page H1889 
Workplace Violence Prevention for Health Care 
and Social Service Workers Act: The House 
passed H.R. 1195, to direct the Secretary of Labor 
to issue an occupational safety and health standard 
that requires covered employers within the health 
care and social service industries to develop and im-
plement a comprehensive workplace violence preven-
tion plan, by a yea-and-nay vote of 254 yeas to 166 
nays, Roll No. 118.                                          Pages H1849–72 
Pursuant to the Rule, the amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee 
on Education and Labor now printed in the bill shall 
be considered as adopted.                                      Page H1849 
Agreed to: 
Courtney en bloc amendment No. 1 consisting of 
the following amendments printed in part C of H. 
Rept. 117–15: Brown (No. 1) that states that addi-
tional training shall be provided for covered employ-
ees who work with victims of torture, trafficking, or 
domestic violence; Cohen (No. 2) that adds Alz-
heimer’s and memory care facilities as facilities cov-
ered by this legislation; Delgado (No. 3) that directs 
OSHA to prioritize providing technical assistance 
and advice to employers throughout the first year of 
the Act to ensure businesses are in compliance; Jones 
(No. 4) that clarifies that a covered employer may 
consult with experts in workplace violence when de-
veloping their workplace violence prevention plan; 
and Ocasio-Cortez (No. 6) that ensures that nothing 
in this Act shall be construed to limit or diminish 
any protections in relevant Federal, State, or local 
law related to domestic violence, stalking, dating vi-
olence, and sexual assault.                             Pages H1865–67 
Rejected: 
Keller amendment (No. 5 printed in part C of H. 
Rept. 117–15) that sought to require OSHA to issue 
an occupational safety and health standard on work-
place violence prevention for the health care and so-
cial service industries through the standard rule-
making process (by a yea-and-nay vote of 168 yeas 
to 256 nays, Roll No. 117).                         Pages H1867–72 
H. Res. 303, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 7) and (H.R. 1195) was agreed to 
Wednesday, April 14th. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:44 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D16AP1.REC
D16APPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 52-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
D363 
April 16, 2021 
Suspension—Proceedings Resumed: The House 
agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following 
measure. Consideration began Wednesday, April 
14th. 
504 Credit Risk Management Improvement Act 
of 2021: H.R. 1482, to amend the Small Business 
Act to enhance the Office of Credit Risk Manage-
ment, to require the Administrator of the Small 
Business Administration to issue rules relating to en-
vironmental obligations of certified development 
companies, by a 2⁄3 yea-and-nay vote of 411 yeas to 
8 nays, Roll No. 119.                                      Pages H1872–73 
Electing Members to the Joint Committee of 
Congress on the Library and the Joint Com-
mittee on Printing: The House agreed to H. Res. 
321, electing Members to the Joint Committee of 
Congress on the Library and the Joint Committee on 
Printing.                                                                         Page H1873 
Senate Shared Employee Act: The House agreed to 
take from the Speaker’s table and pass S. 422, to 
allow Senators, Senators-elect, committees of the 
Senate, leadership offices, and other offices of the 
Senate to share employees.                            Pages H1873–74 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes de-
veloped during the proceedings of today and appear 
on pages H1871, H1872, and H1872–73. 
Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-
journed at 2:52 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
INNOVATION IN DEVELOPMENT POLICY: 
MAXIMIZING IMPACT AND RESULTS 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Inter-
national Development, International Organizations 
and Global Corporate Social Impact held a hearing 
entitled ‘‘Innovation in Development Policy: Maxi-
mizing Impact and Results’’. Testimony was heard 
from public witnesses. 
AGENCY COMPLIANCE WITH THE 
FEDERAL INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY 
ACQUISITION REFORM ACT (FITARA) 
Committee on Oversight and Reform: Subcommittee on 
Government Operations held a hearing entitled 
‘‘Agency Compliance with the Federal Information 
Technology Acquisition Reform Act (FITARA)’’. 
Testimony was heard from Gundeep Ahluwalia, 
Chief Information Officer, Department of Labor; Jay 
Mahanand, Chief Information Officer, U.S. Agency 
for International Development; and Kevin Walsh, 
Director of Information Technology and Cyber-secu-
rity Issues, Government Accountability Office. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, 
APRIL 19, 2021 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to receive a closed brief-
ing on the negotiation process and understanding the se-
curity situation in Afghanistan, 6 p.m., SVC–217. 
House 
No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:44 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D16AP1.REC
D16APPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 53-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional Record
The Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each House
of Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, United
States Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶ Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶ To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO
63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶ Following
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶ With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record.
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.
U
N
U
M
E
P
LU
RI
B
U
S
D364 
April 16, 2021 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
3 p.m., Monday, April 19 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration 
of S. 937, COVID–19 Hate Crimes Act. 
At 5:30 p.m., Senate will resume consideration of the 
nomination of Lisa O. Monaco, of the District of Colum-
bia, to be Deputy Attorney General, and vote on the mo-
tion to invoke cloture thereon. 
Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
12 p.m., Monday, April 19 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: Consideration of measures under 
suspension of the Rules. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Burchett, Tim, Tenn., E408 
Cole, Tom, Okla., E408 
Eshoo, Anna G., Calif., E411 
Griffith, H. Morgan, Va., E410 
Hartzler, Vicky, Mo., E408, E411 
Hayes, Jahana, Conn., E407 
Huffman, Jared, Calif., E408 
Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E410 
Kind, Ron, Wisc., E409 
LaMalfa, Doug, Calif., E409 
Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E411 
Nunes, Devin, Calif., E410 
Pocan, Mark, Wisc., E408 
Sessions, Pete, Tex., E408 
Slotkin, Elissa, Mich., E412 
Stevens, Haley M., Mich., E410 
Tlaib, Rashida, Mich., E408 
Westerman, Bruce, Ark., E410 
Wexton, Jennifer, Va., E408 
Wilson, Frederica S., Fla., E407, E409, E411 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:44 Apr 17, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 0664
Sfmt 0664
E:\CR\FM\D16AP1.REC
D16APPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 54-
