Congressional Record
U
N
U
M
E
P
LU
RI
B
U
S
United States
of America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 117th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
b This symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b 1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.
H473 
Vol. 167 
WASHINGTON, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 2021 
No. 23 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 2 p.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Reverend Margaret 
Grun Kibben, offered the following 
prayer: 
Eternal God, into Your hands we 
commend this day, a great American 
statesman, George Shultz. His patriot-
ism and unwavering principles serve as 
an example of a life lived in response to 
Your calling. Remind us that this is a 
calling to which You call each one of 
us to filter out the noise and bias, to 
defuse the competing voices of acri-
mony and indifference, and to march to 
the pulse within our souls that beats 
out the steps of the path You lay be-
fore us. 
Trust is the coin of the realm, Your 
realm, Your kingdom here on Earth. 
And to prosper here requires that we 
trust in You; that we trust in the 
moral high ground that You have 
called us to defend; to trust in the men 
and women whom You have set beside 
us and across from us. 
May we realize that when this kind 
of trust, a trust established in our rela-
tionship with You and inspired by Your 
own trustworthiness, when this trust is 
in the room, good things happen, and 
everything else is just details. 
This day, in You, God, we trust, and 
we commend the details to Your care. 
We pray in the strength of Your holy 
name. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. Pursuant to section 
5(a)(1)(A) of House Resolution 8, the 
Journal of the last day’s proceedings is 
approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman 
from West Virginia (Mr. MOONEY) come 
forward and lead the House in the 
Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. MOONEY led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-
lic for which it stands, one nation under God, 
indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE IN REMEM-
BRANCE 
OF 
THE 
HONORABLE 
RON WRIGHT 
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks all 
those present in the Chamber, as well 
as Members and staff throughout the 
Capitol and in their districts, to rise 
for a moment of silence in remem-
brance of the late Honorable RON 
WRIGHT of Texas. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
The SPEAKER. Under clause 5(d) of 
rule XX, the Chair announces to the 
House that, in light of the passing of 
the 
gentleman 
from 
Texas 
(Mr. 
WRIGHT), the whole number of the 
House is 431. 
f 
PUBLICATION OF COMMITTEE 
RULES 
RULES OF THE COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION 
AND INFRASTRUCTURE FOR THE 117TH CONGRESS 
COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND 
INFRASTRUCTURE, HOUSE OF REP-
RESENTATIVES, 
Washington, DC, February 8, 2021. 
Hon. NANCY PELOSI, 
Speaker, 
House of Representatives. 
DEAR MADAM SPEAKER: Pursuant to Rule 
XI, Clause 2(a) of the Rules of the House of 
Representatives, I respectfully submit the 
rules of the 117th Congress for the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure 
for publication in the Congressional Record. 
The Committee adopted these rules by voice 
vote, with a quorum being present, at our or-
ganizational meeting on Thursday, February 
4, 2021. 
Sincerely, 
PETER A. DEFAZIO, 
Chair. 
RULE I. GENERAL PROVISIONS 
(a) Applicability of House Rules.— 
(1) In General.—The Rules of the House are 
the rules of the Committee and its sub-
committees so far as applicable, except that 
a motion to recess from day to day, and a 
motion to dispense with the first reading (in 
full) of a bill or resolution, if printed copies 
are available, are non-debatable privileged 
motions in the Committee and its sub-
committees. 
(2) Subcommittees.—Each subcommittee is 
part of the Committee, and is subject to the 
authority and direction of the Committee 
and its rules so far as applicable. 
(3) Incorporation of House Rule on Committee 
Procedure.—Rule XI of the Rules of the 
House, which pertains entirely to Committee 
procedure, is incorporated and made a part 
of the rules of the Committee to the extent 
applicable. Pursuant to clause 2(a)(3) of Rule 
XI of the Rules of the House, the Chair of the 
Committee is authorized to offer a motion 
under clause 1 of Rule XXII of the Rules of 
the House whenever the Chair considers it 
appropriate. 
(b) 
Publication 
of 
Rules.—Pursuant 
to 
clause 2(a) of Rule XI of the Rules of the 
House, the Committee’s rules shall be pub-
licly available in electronic form and pub-
lished in the Congressional Record not later 
than 60 days after the Chair is elected in 
each odd-numbered year. 
(c) Vice Chair.—The Chair shall appoint a 
vice chair of the Committee and of each sub-
committee. If the Chair of the Committee or 
subcommittee is not present at any meeting 
of the Committee or subcommittee, as the 
case may be, the vice chair shall preside. If 
the vice chair is not present, the ranking 
member of the majority party on the Com-
mittee or subcommittee who is present shall 
preside at that meeting. 
RULE II. REGULAR, ADDITIONAL, AND SPECIAL 
MEETINGS 
(a) Regular Meetings.—Regular meetings of 
the Committee shall be held on the last 
Wednesday of every month to transact its 
business unless such day is a holiday, or the 
House is in recess or is adjourned, in which 
case the Chair shall determine the regular 
meeting day of the Committee for that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
22:04 May 20, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 7634
Sfmt 0634
E:\RECORD21\FEBRUARY\H08FE1.REC
H08FE1
sradovich on DSKJLST7X2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CORRECTION

 -Page 0-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H474 
February 8, 2021 
month. A regular meeting of the Committee 
may be dispensed with if, in the judgment of 
the Chair, there is no need for the meeting. 
This paragraph shall not apply to meetings 
of any subcommittee. 
(b) Additional Meetings.—The Chair may 
call and convene, if the Chair considers nec-
essary, additional meetings of the Com-
mittee for the consideration of any bill or 
resolution pending before the Committee or 
for the conduct of other committee business. 
The Committee shall meet for such purpose 
pursuant to the call of the Chair. 
(c) Special Meetings.—If at least three mem-
bers of the Committee desire that a special 
meeting of the Committee be called by the 
Chair, those members may file with the 
Clerk of the Committee their written request 
to the Chair for that special meeting. Such 
request shall specify the measure or matter 
to be considered. Immediately upon the fil-
ing of the request, the Clerk of the Com-
mittee shall notify the Chair of the filing of 
the request. If, within 3 calendar days after 
the filing of the request, the Chair does not 
call the requested special meeting to be held 
within 7 calendar days after the filing of the 
request, a majority of the members of the 
Committee may file with the Clerk their 
written notice that a special meeting of the 
Committee will be held, specifying the date 
and hour thereof, and the measure or matter 
to be considered at that special meeting. The 
Committee shall meet on that date and hour. 
Immediately upon the filing of the notice, 
the Clerk of the Committee shall notify all 
members of the Committee that such meet-
ing will be held and inform them of its date 
and hour and the measure or matter to be 
considered; and only the measure or matter 
specified in that notice may be considered at 
that special meeting. Such notice shall also 
be made publicly available in electronic form 
and shall be deemed to satisfy paragraph 
(d)(1). 
(d) Notice.— 
(1) Minimum Notice Period.—Pursuant to 
clause 2(g)(3) of Rule XI of the Rules of the 
House, the Chair shall make a public an-
nouncement of the date, place, and subject 
matter of a Committee or subcommittee 
meeting, which may not commence earlier 
than the third calendar day (excluding Sat-
urdays, Sundays, or legal holidays except 
when the House is in session on such a day) 
on which members have notice thereof. 
(2) Changes in Meeting Times.—A meeting 
may commence sooner than announced if the 
Chair, with concurrence of the ranking mi-
nority member, determines there is good 
cause to begin the meeting sooner or the 
Committee or subcommittee so determines 
by majority vote, a quorum being present for 
the transaction of business. The Chair shall 
make a public announcement of the meeting 
time change at the earliest possible oppor-
tunity. 
(3) Notification of Daily Digest Clerk.—The 
Clerk of the Committee shall notify the 
Daily Digest Clerk of the Congressional 
Record promptly and make publicly avail-
able in electronic form a time change for a 
Committee or subcommittee meeting made 
under this paragraph. 
(e) Prohibition on Sitting During Joint Ses-
sion.—The Committee may not sit during a 
joint session of the House and Senate or dur-
ing a recess when a joint meeting of the 
House and Senate is in progress. 
RULE III. MEETINGS AND HEARINGS GENERALLY 
(a) Minimum Period for Availability of Com-
mittee Markup Text.—Pursuant to clause 
2(g)(4) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House, 
the Chair shall make publicly available, in 
electronic form, the text of any legislation 
to be marked up at least 24 hours prior to the 
commencement of a meeting for the markup 
of legislation, or at the time of a meeting an-
nouncement under paragraph (d)(2) of Com-
mittee Rule II if made within 24 hours before 
such meeting. 
(b) Open Meetings.—Each meeting for the 
transaction of business, including the mark-
up of legislation, and each hearing of the 
Committee or a subcommittee shall be open 
to the public, except as provided by clause 
2(g) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House. 
(c) Meetings to Begin Promptly.—Each meet-
ing or hearing of the Committee shall begin 
promptly at the time so stipulated in the 
public announcement of the meeting or hear-
ing. 
(d) Addressing the Committee.—Except as 
provided under paragraph (e) of Committee 
Rule IV, a Committee member may address 
the Committee or a subcommittee on any 
bill, motion, or other matter under consider-
ation— 
(1) only when recognized by the Chair for 
that purpose; and 
(2) only for 5 minutes, or for a period of 
time designated by the Chair with concur-
rence of the ranking minority member, until 
such time as each member of the Committee 
or subcommittee who so desires has had an 
opportunity to address the Committee or 
subcommittee. 
A member’s remarks shall be limited to 
the subject matter under consideration. The 
Chair shall enforce this paragraph. 
(e) Participation of Members in Subcommittee 
Meetings and Hearings.—All members of the 
Committee who are not members of a par-
ticular subcommittee may, by unanimous 
consent 
of 
the 
members 
of 
such 
sub-
committee, participate in any subcommittee 
meeting or hearing. However, a member who 
is not a member of the subcommittee may 
not vote on any matter before the sub-
committee, be counted for purposes of estab-
lishing a quorum, or raise points of order. 
(f) Member Day Hearing.—Pursuant to sec-
tion 3(a) of House Resolution 8, the Com-
mittee shall hold a hearing at which it re-
ceives testimony from members, delegates, 
and the Resident Commissioner on proposed 
legislation within the Committee’s jurisdic-
tion during the first session of the 117th Con-
gress. 
(g) Broadcasting.—Whenever a meeting for 
the transaction of business, including the 
markup of legislation, or a hearing is open to 
the public, that meeting or hearing shall be 
open to coverage by television, radio, and 
still photography in accordance with clause 4 
of Rule XI of the Rules of the House. Oper-
ation and use of any Committee internet 
broadcast system shall be fair and non-
partisan and in accordance with clause 4(b) 
of Rule XI of the Rules of the House and all 
other applicable rules of the Committee and 
the House. Further, pursuant to clause 
2(e)(5) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House, 
the Committee shall provide audio and video 
coverage of each hearing or meeting for the 
transaction of business in a manner that al-
lows the public to easily listen to and view 
the proceedings. The Committee shall also 
maintain the recordings of such coverage in 
a manner that is easily accessible to the pub-
lic. 
(h) Access to the Dais and Lounges.—Access 
to the hearing rooms’ daises and to the 
lounges adjacent to the Committee hearing 
rooms shall be limited to Members of Con-
gress and employees of Congress during a 
meeting or hearing of the Committee unless 
specifically permitted by the Chair or rank-
ing minority member. 
(i) Use of Cellular Telephones.—During a 
hearing, mark-up, or other meeting of the 
Committee, ringing or audible sounds or con-
versational use of cellular telephones or 
other electronic devices is prohibited in the 
Committee room. 
(j) Availability of Text of Amendments in 
Electronic Form.—Pursuant to clause 2(e) of 
Rule XI of the Rules of the House, not later 
than 24 hours after the adoption of any 
amendment, or 48 hours after the disposition 
or withdrawal of any other amendment, to a 
measure or matter considered by the Com-
mittee, the Chair shall cause the text of the 
amendment to be made publicly available in 
electronic form. 
RULE IV. HEARING PROCEDURES 
(a) Announcement of Hearing.— 
(1) Minimum notice period.—Pursuant to 
clause 2(g)(3) of Rule XI of the Rules of the 
House, the Chair shall make a public an-
nouncement of the date, place, and subject 
matter of a Committee or subcommittee 
hearing, which may not commence earlier 
than the one week after such notice. 
(2) Changes in hearing times.—A hearing 
may commence sooner than announced if the 
Chair, with concurrence of the ranking mi-
nority member, determines there is good 
cause to begin the hearing sooner or the 
Committee so determines by majority vote, 
a quorum being present for the transaction 
of business. The Chair shall make a public 
announcement of the hearing time change at 
the earliest possible opportunity. 
(3) Notification of Daily Digest Clerk.—The 
Clerk of the Committee shall notify the 
Daily Digest Clerk of the Congressional 
Record promptly and make publicly avail-
able in electronic form a time change for a 
Committee or subcommittee hearing made 
under this paragraph. 
(b) Written Statement of Proposed Testimony; 
Oral Statement.— 
(1) Filing of statement.—So far as prac-
ticable, each witness who is to appear before 
the Committee or a subcommittee shall file 
with the Clerk of the Committee or sub-
committee, at least 2 working days before 
the day of the witness’ appearance, a written 
statement of proposed testimony. The Chair, 
with the concurrence of the ranking minor-
ity member, may take the following actions 
for failure to comply with this requirement: 
(A) exclude such witness’ written testimony 
from the hearing record; (B) bar such wit-
ness’ oral presentation of the testimony; or 
(C) both (A) and (B). Each witness’ oral pres-
entation shall be limited to a summary of 
the written statement. 
(2) Truth in testimony information.—Pursu-
ant to clause 2(g)(5) of Rule XI of the Rules 
of the House, in the case of a witness appear-
ing in a nongovernmental capacity, a writ-
ten statement of proposed testimony shall 
include a curriculum vitae, a disclosure of 
any Federal grants or contracts, or pay-
ments originating with a foreign govern-
ment, received during the past 36 months by 
the witness or by an entity represented by 
the witness and related to the subject matter 
of the hearing, and a disclosure of whether 
the witness is a fiduciary (including but not 
limited to, a director, officer, advisor, or 
resident agent) of any organization or entity 
that has an interest in the subject matter of 
the hearing. 
(3) Availability of information in electronic 
form.—Statements filed under this para-
graph, with appropriate redactions to pro-
tect the privacy of the witness, shall be 
made publicly available in electronic form 24 
hours before the witness appears, to the ex-
tent practicable, but not later than one day 
after the witness appears. 
(c) Minority Witnesses.—When any hearing 
is conducted by the Committee or any sub-
committee upon any measure or matter, the 
minority party members on the Committee 
or subcommittee shall be entitled, upon re-
quest to the Chair by a majority of those mi-
nority members before the completion of 
such hearing, to call witnesses selected by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:10 Feb 09, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 7634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A08FE7.008
H08FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 1-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H475 
February 8, 2021 
the minority to testify with respect to that 
measure or matter during at least one day of 
hearing thereon. 
(d) Summary of Subject Matter.—Upon an-
nouncement of a hearing, to the extent prac-
ticable, the Committee shall make available 
immediately to all members of the Com-
mittee a concise summary of the subject 
matter (including legislative reports and 
other material) under consideration. In addi-
tion, upon announcement of a hearing and 
subsequently as they are received, the Chair 
shall make available to the members of the 
Committee any official reports from depart-
ments and agencies on such matter. 
(e) Opening Statements; Questioning of Wit-
nesses.— 
(1) Opening statements.— 
(A) Chair and ranking member.—At a hear-
ing of the Full Committee, the Chair and 
ranking minority member of the Committee 
shall each be entitled to present an oral 
opening statement of five minutes. At a 
hearing of a subcommittee, the Chair and 
ranking minority member of the Committee 
and the Chair and ranking minority member 
of the subcommittee shall each be entitled 
to present an opening statement for five 
minutes. 
(B) Other members.—At a hearing of the 
Full Committee or a subcommittee, other 
members of the Committee or subcommittee, 
as appropriate, may submit written opening 
statements for the record. The Chair pre-
siding over the hearing may permit oral 
opening statements by other members of the 
Committee or subcommittee, as appropriate, 
with the concurrence of the ranking minor-
ity member. 
(2) Questioning of witnesses.—The ques-
tioning of witnesses in Committee and sub-
committee hearings shall be initiated by the 
Chair, followed by the ranking minority 
member and all other members alternating 
between the majority and minority parties. 
In recognizing members to question wit-
nesses in this fashion, the Chair shall take 
into consideration the ratio of the majority 
to minority members present and shall es-
tablish the order of recognition for ques-
tioning in such a manner as not to disadvan-
tage the members of the majority nor the 
members of the minority. The Chair may ac-
complish this by recognizing two majority 
members for each minority member recog-
nized. 
(f) Procedures for Questions.— 
(1) In general.—A Committee member may 
question a witness at a hearing— 
(A) only when recognized by the Chair for 
that purpose; and 
(B) subject to subparagraphs (2) and (3), 
only for 5 minutes until such time as each 
member of the Committee or subcommittee 
who so desires has had an opportunity to 
question the witness. 
A member’s remarks shall be limited to 
the subject matter under consideration. The 
Chair shall enforce this subparagraph. 
(2) Extended questioning of witnesses by mem-
bers.—The Chair of the Committee or a sub-
committee, with the concurrence of the 
ranking minority member, or the Committee 
or subcommittee by motion, may permit a 
specified number of its members to question 
a witness for longer than 5 minutes. The 
time for extended questioning of a witness 
under this subdivision shall be equal for the 
majority party and minority party and may 
not exceed one hour in the aggregate. 
(3) Extended questioning of witnesses by 
staff.—The Chair of the Committee or a sub-
committee, with the concurrence of the 
ranking minority member, or the Committee 
or subcommittee by motion, may permit 
Committee staff for its majority and minor-
ity party members to question a witness for 
equal specified periods. The time for ex-
tended questioning of a witness under this 
subdivision shall be equal for the majority 
party and minority party and may not ex-
ceed one hour in the aggregate. 
(4) Right to question witnesses following ex-
tended questioning.—Nothing in subparagraph 
(2) or (3) affects the right of a member (other 
than a member designated under subpara-
graph (2)) to question a witness for 5 minutes 
in accordance with subparagraph (1)(B) after 
the questioning permitted under subpara-
graph (2) or (3). 
(g) Additional Hearing Procedures.—Clause 
2(k) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House (re-
lating to additional rules for hearings) ap-
plies to hearings of the Committee and its 
subcommittees. 
RULE V. PROCEDURES FOR REPORTING BILLS, 
RESOLUTIONS, AND REPORTS 
(a) Filing of Reports.— 
(1) In general.—The Chair of the Committee 
shall report promptly to the House any 
measure or matter approved by the Com-
mittee and take necessary steps to bring the 
measure or matter to a vote. 
(2) Requests for reporting.—The report of the 
Committee on a measure or matter which 
has been approved by the Committee shall be 
filed within 7 calendar days (exclusive of 
days on which the House is not in session) 
after the day on which there has been filed 
with the Clerk of the Committee a written 
request, signed by a majority of the members 
of the Committee, for the reporting of that 
measure or matter. Upon the filing of any 
such request, the Clerk of the Committee 
shall transmit immediately to the Chair of 
the Committee notice of the filing of that re-
quest. 
(b) Quorum; Record Votes.— 
(1) Quorum.—Pursuant to clause 2(h)(1) of 
Rule XI of the Rules of the House, a measure 
or recommendation may not be reported 
from the Committee unless a majority of the 
Committee is actually present. 
(2) Record votes.—Pursuant to clause 3(b) of 
Rule XIII of the Rules of the House, with re-
spect to each record vote on a motion to re-
port a measure or matter of a public nature, 
and on any amendment offered to the meas-
ure or matter, the total number of votes cast 
for and against, and the names of members 
voting for and against, shall be included in 
the Committee report on the measure or 
matter. 
(c) Required Matters.—The report of the 
Committee on a measure or matter which 
has been approved by the Committee shall 
include the items required to be included by 
the rules and orders of the House applicable 
in the One Hundred Seventeenth Congress. 
(d) Additional Views.—If, at the time of ap-
proval of any measure or matter by the Com-
mittee, any member of the Committee gives 
notice of intention to file supplemental, mi-
nority, additional, or dissenting views, all 
members shall be entitled to not less than 
two additional calendar days after the day of 
such notice (excluding Saturdays, Sundays, 
and legal holidays) in which to file such 
written and signed views in accordance with 
clause 2(1) of Rule XI of the Rules of the 
House. 
(e) Activities Report.— 
(1) In General.—Not later than January 2 of 
each odd numbered year, the Committee 
shall submit to the House a report on the ac-
tivities of the Committee. 
(2) Contents.—The report shall include— 
(A) separate sections summarizing the leg-
islative and oversight activities of the Com-
mittee under Rules X and XI of the Rules of 
the House during the Congress; 
(B) a summary of the oversight plan sub-
mitted by the Committee under clause 2(d) 
of Rule X of the Rules of the House; 
(C) a summary of the actions taken and 
recommendations made with respect to the 
oversight plan specified in subdivision (B); 
(D) a summary of any additional oversight 
activities undertaken by the Committee and 
any recommendations made or actions taken 
thereon; and 
(E) a delineation of any hearings held pur-
suant to clauses 2(n), (o), or (p) of Rule XI of 
the Rules of the House. 
(3) Filing.—After an adjournment sine die 
of the last regular session of a Congress, or 
after December 15 of an even numbered year, 
whichever occurs first, the Chair may file 
the report described in subparagraph (1) with 
the Clerk of the House at any time and with-
out approval of the Committee, provided 
that— 
(A) a copy of the report has been available 
to each member of the Committee for at 
least seven calendar days; and 
(B) the report includes any supplemental, 
minority, additional, or dissenting views 
submitted by a member of the Committee. 
(f) Other Committee Materials.— 
(1) In general.—All Committee and sub-
committee prints, reports, documents, or 
other materials, not otherwise provided for 
under this rule, that purport to express pub-
licly the views of the Committee or any of 
its subcommittees or members of the Com-
mittee or its subcommittees shall be ap-
proved by the Committee or the sub-
committee prior to printing and distribution 
and any member shall be given an oppor-
tunity to have views included as part of such 
material prior to printing, release, and dis-
tribution in accordance with paragraph (d) of 
this rule. 
(2) Documents containing views other than 
member 
views.—A 
Committee 
or 
sub-
committee document containing views other 
than those of members of the Committee or 
subcommittee shall not be published without 
approval of the Committee or subcommittee. 
(3) Disclaimer.—All Committee or sub-
committee reports printed pursuant to legis-
lative study or investigation and not ap-
proved by a majority vote of the Committee 
or subcommittee, as appropriate, shall con-
tain the following disclaimer on the cover of 
such report: ‘‘This report has not been offi-
cially adopted by the Committee on Trans-
portation and Infrastructure (or pertinent 
subcommittee thereof) and may not there-
fore necessarily reflect the views of its mem-
bers.’’. 
(4) Compilations of laws.—To the maximum 
extent practicable, the Committee shall pub-
lish a compilation of laws under the jurisdic-
tion of each subcommittee. 
(g) Availability of publications.—Pursuant to 
clause 2(e)(4) of Rule XI of the Rules of the 
House, the Committee shall make its publi-
cations available in electronic form to the 
maximum extent feasible. 
RULE VI. QUORUMS AND RECORD VOTES; 
POSTPONEMENT OF VOTES 
(a) Working Quorum.—One-third of the 
members of the Committee or a sub-
committee shall constitute a quorum for 
taking any action other than the closing of 
a meeting pursuant to clauses 2(g) and 2(k)(5) 
of Rule XI of the Rules of the House, the au-
thorizing of a subpoena pursuant to para-
graph (d) of Committee Rule XII, the report-
ing of a measure or recommendation pursu-
ant to paragraph (b)(1) of Committee Rule V, 
and the actions described in paragraphs (b), 
(c) and (d) of this rule. 
(b) Quorum for Reporting.—A majority of 
the members of the Committee or a sub-
committee shall constitute a quorum for the 
reporting of a measure or recommendation. 
(c) Approval of Certain Matters.—A majority 
of the members of the Committee or a sub-
committee shall constitute a quorum for ap-
proval of a resolution concerning any of the 
following actions: 
(1) A prospectus for construction, alter-
ation, purchase or acquisition of a public 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:42 Feb 09, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 7634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A08FE7.010
H08FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 2-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H476 
February 8, 2021 
building or the lease of space as required by 
section 3307 of title 40, United States Code. 
(2) Survey investigation of a proposed 
project for navigation, flood control, and 
other purposes by the Corps of Engineers 
(section 4 of the Rivers and Harbors Act of 
March 4, 1913, 33 U.S.C. 542). 
(3) Construction of a water resources devel-
opment project by the Corps of Engineers 
with an estimated Federal cost not exceed-
ing $15,000,000 (section 201 of the Flood Con-
trol Act of 1965). 
(4) Deletion of water quality storage in a 
Federal reservoir project where the benefits 
attributable to water quality are 15 percent 
or more but not greater than 25 percent of 
the total project benefits (section 65 of the 
Water Resources Development Act of 1974). 
(5) Authorization of a Natural Resources 
Conservation Service watershed project in-
volving any single structure of more than 
4,000 acre feet of total capacity (section 2 of 
P.L. 566, 83rd Congress). 
(d) Quorum for Taking Testimony.—Two 
members of the Committee or subcommittee 
shall constitute a quorum for the purpose of 
taking testimony and receiving evidence. 
(e) Record Votes.—A record vote may be de-
manded by one-fifth of the members present. 
(f) Postponement of Votes.— 
(1) In general.—In accordance with clause 
2(h)(4) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House, 
the Chair of the Committee or a sub-
committee, after consultation with the rank-
ing minority member of the Committee or 
subcommittee, may— 
(A) postpone further proceedings when a 
record vote is ordered on the question of ap-
proving a measure or matter or on adopting 
an amendment; and 
(B) resume proceedings on a postponed 
question at any time after reasonable notice. 
(2) Resumption of proceedings.—When pro-
ceedings resume on a postponed question, 
notwithstanding any intervening order for 
the previous question, an underlying propo-
sition shall remain subject to further debate 
or amendment to the same extent as when 
the question was postponed. 
(g) Availability of Record Votes in Electronic 
Form.—Pursuant to clause 2(e)(1)(B)(i) of 
Rule XI of the Rules of the House, the Chair 
shall make the result of any record vote pub-
licly available in electronic form within 48 
hours of such record vote. 
RULE VII. ESTABLISHMENT OF SUBCOMMITTEES; 
SIZE AND PARTY RATIOS 
(a) Establishment.—There shall be six stand-
ing subcommittees. These subcommittees, 
with the following sizes (including delegates) 
and majority/minority ratios, are: 
(1) Subcommittee on Aviation (39 Mem-
bers: 21 Majority and 18 Minority). 
(2) Subcommittee on Coast Guard and Mar-
itime Transportation (15 Members: 8 Major-
ity and 7 Minority). 
(3) Subcommittee on Economic Develop-
ment, Public Buildings, and Emergency 
Management (15 Members: 8 Majority and 7 
Minority). 
(4) Subcommittee on Highways and Transit 
(58 Members: 31 Majority and 27 Minority). 
(5) Subcommittee on Railroads, Pipelines, 
and Hazardous Materials (33 Members: 18 Ma-
jority and 15 Minority). 
(6) Subcommittee on Water Resources and 
Environment (28 Members: 15 Majority and 
13 Minority). 
(b) Ex Officio Members.—The Chair and 
ranking minority member of the Committee 
shall serve as ex officio voting members on 
each subcommittee. 
(c) Ratios.—On each subcommittee there 
shall be a ratio of majority party members 
to minority party members which shall be no 
less favorable to the majority party than the 
ratio for the Full Committee. In calculating 
the ratio of majority party members to mi-
nority party members, there shall be in-
cluded the ex officio members of the sub-
committees. 
RULE VIII. POWERS AND DUTIES OF 
SUBCOMMITTEES 
(a) Authority To Sit.—Each subcommittee is 
authorized to meet, hold hearings, receive 
evidence, and report to the Full Committee 
on all matters referred to it or under its ju-
risdiction. Subcommittee chairs shall set 
dates for hearings and meetings of their re-
spective subcommittees after consultation 
with the Chair and other subcommittee 
chairs with a view toward avoiding simulta-
neous scheduling of Full Committee and sub-
committee meetings or hearings whenever 
possible. 
(b) Consideration by Committee.—Each bill, 
resolution, or other matter favorably re-
ported by a subcommittee shall automati-
cally be placed upon the agenda of the Com-
mittee. Any such matter reported by a sub-
committee shall not be considered by the 
Committee unless it has been delivered to 
the offices of all members of the Committee 
at least 48 hours before the meeting, unless 
the Chair determines that the matter is of 
such urgency that it should be given early 
consideration. Where practicable, such mat-
ters shall be accompanied by a comparison 
with present law and a section-by-section 
analysis. 
RULE IX. REFERRAL OF LEGISLATION TO 
SUBCOMMITTEES 
(a) General Requirement.—Except where the 
Chair of the Committee determines, in con-
sultation with the majority members of the 
Committee, that consideration is to be by 
the Full Committee, each bill, resolution, in-
vestigation, or other matter which relates to 
a subject listed under the jurisdiction of any 
subcommittee 
established 
in 
Committee 
Rule VII referred to or initiated by the Full 
Committee shall be referred by the Chair to 
all subcommittees of appropriate jurisdic-
tion within two weeks. All bills shall be re-
ferred to the subcommittee of proper juris-
diction without regard to whether the au-
thor is or is not a member of the sub-
committee. 
(b) Recall From Subcommittee.—A bill, reso-
lution, or other matter referred to a sub-
committee in accordance with this rule may 
be recalled therefrom at any time by a vote 
of a majority of the members of the Com-
mittee voting, a quorum being present, for 
the Committee’s direct consideration or for 
reference to another subcommittee. 
(c) Multiple Referrals.—In carrying out this 
rule with respect to any matter, the Chair 
may refer the matter simultaneously to two 
or more subcommittees for concurrent con-
sideration or for consideration in sequence 
(subject to appropriate time limitations in 
the case of any subcommittee after the 
first), or divide the matter into two or more 
parts (reflecting different subjects and juris-
dictions) and refer each such part to a dif-
ferent subcommittee, or make such other 
provisions as he or she considers appropriate. 
RULE X. RECOMMENDATION OF CONFEREES 
The Chair of the Committee shall rec-
ommend to the Speaker as conferees the 
names of those members (1) of the majority 
party selected by the Chair, and (2) of the 
minority party selected by the ranking mi-
nority member of the Committee. Rec-
ommendations of conferees to the Speaker 
shall provide a ratio of majority party mem-
bers to minority party members which shall 
be no less favorable to the majority party 
than the ratio for the Committee. 
RULE XI. OVERSIGHT 
(a) Purpose.—The Committee shall carry 
out oversight responsibilities as provided in 
this rule in order to assist the House in— 
(1) its analysis, appraisal, and evaluation 
of— 
(A) the application, administration, execu-
tion, and effectiveness of the laws enacted by 
the Congress; or 
(B) conditions and circumstances which 
may indicate the necessity or desirability of 
enacting new or additional legislation; and 
(2) its formulation, consideration, and en-
actment of such modifications or changes in 
those laws, and of such additional legisla-
tion, as may be necessary or appropriate. 
(b) Oversight Plan.—Not later than March 1 
of the first session of each Congress, the 
Chair shall submit to the Committee on 
Oversight and Reform and the Committee on 
House Administration its oversight plan for 
that Congress in accordance with clause 2(d) 
of Rule X of the Rules of the House. 
(c) Review of Laws and Programs.—The 
Committee and the appropriate subcommit-
tees shall cooperatively review and study, on 
a continuing basis, the application, adminis-
tration, execution, and effectiveness of those 
laws, or parts of laws, the subject matter of 
which is within the jurisdiction of the Com-
mittee, and the organization and operation 
of the Federal agencies and entities having 
responsibilities in or for the administration 
and execution thereof, in order to determine 
whether such laws and the programs there-
under are being implemented and carried out 
in accordance with the intent of the Con-
gress and whether such programs should be 
continued, curtailed, or eliminated. In addi-
tion, the Committee and the appropriate 
subcommittees shall cooperatively review 
and study any conditions or circumstances 
which may indicate the necessity or desir-
ability of enacting new or additional legisla-
tion within the jurisdiction of the Com-
mittee (whether or not any bill or resolution 
has been introduced with respect thereto), 
and shall on a continuing basis undertake fu-
ture research and forecasting on matters 
within the jurisdiction of the Committee. 
(d) Review of Tax Policies.—The Committee 
and the appropriate subcommittees shall co-
operatively review and study on a continuing 
basis the impact or probable impact of tax 
policies affecting subjects within the juris-
diction of the Committee. 
RULE XII. POWER TO SIT AND ACT; POWER TO 
CONDUCT
INVESTIGATION
OATHS; SUBPOENA 
POWER 
(a) Authority To Sit and Act.—For the pur-
pose of carrying out any of its functions and 
duties under Rules X and XI of the Rules of 
the House, the Committee and each of its 
subcommittees, is authorized (subject to 
paragraph (d)(1))— 
(1) to sit and act at such times and places 
within the United States whether the House 
is in session, has recessed, or has adjourned 
and to hold such hearings; and 
(2) to require, by subpoena or otherwise, 
the attendance and testimony of such wit-
ness and the production of such books, 
records, correspondence, memorandums, pa-
pers, and documents, as it deems necessary. 
(b) Authority To Conduct Investigations.— 
(1) In general.—The Committee is author-
ized at any time to conduct such investiga-
tions and studies as it may consider nec-
essary or appropriate in the exercise of its 
responsibilities under Rule X of the Rules of 
the House and (subject to the adoption of ex-
pense resolutions as required by Rule X, 
clause 6 of the Rules of the House) to incur 
expenses (including travel expenses) in con-
nection therewith. 
(2) Major investigations by subcommittees.—A 
subcommittee may not begin, major inves-
tigation without approval of a majority of 
such subcommittee. 
(c) Oaths.—The Chair, or any member des-
ignated by the Chair, may administer oaths 
to any witness. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:42 Feb 09, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00004
Fmt 7634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A08FE7.011
H08FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 3-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H477 
February 8, 2021 
(d) Issuance of Subpoenas.— 
(1) In general.—A subpoena may be issued 
by the Committee or subcommittee under 
paragraph (a)(2) in the conduct of any inves-
tigations or activity or series of investiga-
tions or activities, only when authorized by 
a majority of the members voting, a major-
ity being present. Such authorized subpoenas 
shall be signed by the Chair of the Com-
mittee or by any member designated by the 
Committee. If a specific request for a sub-
poena has not been previously rejected by ei-
ther the Committee or subcommittee, the 
Chair of the Committee, after consultation 
with the ranking minority member of the 
Committee, may authorize and issue a sub-
poena under paragraph (a)(2) in the conduct 
of any investigation or activity or series of 
investigations or activities, and such sub-
poena shall for all purposes be deemed a sub-
poena issued by the Committee. As soon as 
practicable after a subpoena is issued under 
this rule, the Chair shall notify all members 
of the Committee of such action. 
(2) Enforcement.—Compliance with any sub-
poena issued by the Committee or sub-
committee under paragraph (a)(2) may be en-
forced only as authorized or directed by the 
House. 
(e) Expenses of Subpoenaed Witnesses.—Each 
witness who has been subpoenaed, upon the 
completion of the witness’ testimony before 
the Committee or any subcommittee, may 
report to the offices of the Committee, and 
there sign appropriate vouchers for travel al-
lowances and attendance fees. If hearings are 
held in cities other than Washington, D.C., 
the witness may contact the counsel of the 
Committee, or the witness’ representative, 
before leaving the hearing room. 
(f) Deposition Authority.—Pursuant to sec-
tion 3(b) of House Resolution 8 and subject to 
the regulations issued by the Chair of the 
Committee on Rules and printed in the Con-
gressional Record, the Chair of the Com-
mittee, upon consultation with the ranking 
minority member, may order the taking of 
depositions, including pursuant to a sub-
poena, by a member or counsel of such com-
mittee subject to regulations issued by the 
Chair of the Committee on Rules. 
RULE XIII. REVIEW OF CONTINUING PROGRAMS; 
BUDGET ACT PROVISIONS 
(a) Ensuring Annual Appropriations.—The 
Committee shall, in its consideration of all 
bills and joint resolutions of a public char-
acter within its jurisdiction, ensure that ap-
propriations for continuing programs and ac-
tivities of the Federal government and the 
District of Columbia government will be 
made annually to the maximum extent fea-
sible and consistent with the nature, require-
ments, and objectives of the programs and 
activities involved. 
(b) Review of Multi-Year Appropriations.— 
The Committee shall review, from time to 
time, each continuing program within its ju-
risdiction for which appropriations are not 
made annually in order to ascertain whether 
such program could be modified so that ap-
propriations therefore would be made annu-
ally. 
(c) Views and Estimates.—In accordance 
with clause 4(f)(1) of Rule X of the Rules of 
the House, the Committee shall submit to 
the Committee on the Budget— 
(1) its views and estimates with respect to 
all matters to be set forth in the concurrent 
resolution on the budget for the ensuing fis-
cal year which are within its jurisdiction or 
functions; and 
(2) an estimate of the total amount of new 
budget authority, and budget outlays result-
ing therefrom, to be provided or authorized 
in all bills and resolutions within its juris-
diction which it intends to be effective dur-
ing that fiscal year. 
(d) Budget Allocations.—As soon as prac-
ticable after a concurrent resolution on the 
budget for any fiscal year is agreed to, the 
Committee (after consulting with the appro-
priate committee or committees of the Sen-
ate) shall subdivide any allocations made to 
it in the joint explanatory statement accom-
panying the conference report on such reso-
lution, and promptly report such subdivi-
sions to the House, in the manner provided 
by section 302 of the Congressional Budge 
Act of 1974. 
(e) 
Reconciliation.—Whenever 
the 
Com-
mittee is directed in a concurrent resolution 
on the budget to determine and recommend 
changes in laws, bills, or resolutions under 
the reconciliation process, it shall promptly 
make such determination and recommenda-
tions, and report a reconciliation bill or res-
olution (or both) to the House or submit such 
recommendations to the Committee on the 
Budget, in accordance with the Congres-
sional Budget Act of 1974. 
RULE XIV. RECORDS 
(a) Keeping of Records.—The Committee 
shall keep a complete record of all Com-
mittee action which shall include— 
(1) in the case of any meeting or hearing 
transcripts, a substantially verbatim ac-
count of remarks actually made during the 
proceedings, subject only to technical, gram-
matical, and typographical corrections au-
thorized by the person making the remarks 
involved; and 
(2) a record of the votes on any question on 
which a record vote is taken. 
(b) Public Inspection.—Pursuant to clause 
2(e) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House, the 
result of each such record vote shall be made 
publicly available by the Committee in elec-
tronic form within 48 hours of such record 
vote. Information so available shall include 
a description of the amendment, motion, 
order, or other proposition and the name of 
each member voting for and each member 
voting against such amendment, motion, 
order, or proposition, and the names of those 
members present but not voting. 
(c) Property of the House.—All Committee 
records (including hearings, data, charts, and 
files) shall be kept separate and distinct 
from the congressional office records of the 
member serving as Chair of the Committee; 
and such records shall be the property of the 
House and all members of the House shall 
have access thereto. 
(d) Availability of Archived Records.—The 
records of the Committee at the National Ar-
chives and Records Administration shall be 
made available for public use in accordance 
with Rule VII of the Rules of the House. The 
Chair shall notify the ranking minority 
member of the Committee of any decision, 
pursuant to clause 3(b)(3) or clause 4(b) of 
such rule, to withhold a record otherwise 
available, and the matter shall be presented 
to the Committee for a determination on 
written request of any member of the Com-
mittee. 
(e) Authority To Print.—The Committee is 
authorized to have printed and bound testi-
mony and other data presented at hearings 
held by the Committee. All costs of steno-
graphic services and transcripts in connec-
tion with any meeting or hearing of the 
Committee shall be paid as provided in 
clause 1(c) of Rule XI of the Rules of the 
House. 
RULE XV. COMMITTEE BUDGETS 
(a) Biennial Budget.—The Chair, in con-
sultation with the chair of each sub-
committee, the majority members of the 
Committee, and the minority members of 
the Committee, shall, for each Congress, pre-
pare a consolidated Committee budget. Such 
budget shall include necessary amounts for 
staff personnel, necessary travel, investiga-
tion, and other expenses of the Committee. 
(b) Additional Expenses.—Authorization for 
the payment of additional or unforeseen 
Committee expenses may be procured by one 
or more additional expense resolutions proc-
essed in the same manner as set out herein. 
(c) Travel Requests.—The Chair or any chair 
of a subcommittee may initiate necessary 
travel requests as provided in Committee 
Rule XVII within the limits of the consoli-
dated Committee budget as approved by the 
House and the Chair may execute necessary 
vouchers thereof. 
(d) Monthly Reports.—Once monthly, the 
Chair shall submit to the Committee on 
House Administration, in writing, a full and 
detailed accounting of all expenditures made 
during the period since the last such ac-
counting from the amount budgeted to the 
Committee. Such report shall show the 
amount and purpose of such expenditure and 
the budget to which such expenditure is at-
tributed. A copy of such monthly report 
shall be available in the Committee office for 
review by members of the Committee. 
RULE XVI. COMMITTEE STAFF 
(a) Appointment by Chair.—The Chair shall 
appoint and determine the remuneration of, 
and may remove, the employees of the Com-
mittee not assigned to the minority. The 
staff of the Committee not assigned to the 
minority shall be under the general super-
vision and direction of the Chair, who shall 
establish and assign the duties and respon-
sibilities of such staff members and delegate 
such authority as he or she determines ap-
propriate. 
(b) Appointment by Ranking Minority Mem-
ber.—The ranking minority member of the 
Committee shall appoint and determine the 
remuneration of, and may remove, the staff 
assigned to the minority within the budget 
approved for such purposes. The staff as-
signed to the minority shall be under the 
general supervision and direction of the 
ranking minority member of the Committee 
who may delegate such authority as he or 
she determines appropriate. 
(c) Intention Regarding Staff.—It is intended 
that the skills and experience of all members 
of the Committee staff shall be available to 
all members of the Committee. 
RULE XVII. TRAVEL OF MEMBERS AND STAFF 
(a) Approval.—Consistent with the primary 
expense resolution and such additional ex-
pense resolutions as may have been ap-
proved, the provisions of this rule shall gov-
ern travel of Committee members and staff. 
Travel to be reimbursed from funds set aside 
for the Committee for any member or any 
staff member shall be paid only upon the 
prior authorization of the Chair. Travel shall 
be authorized by the Chair for any member 
and any staff member in connection with the 
attendance of hearings conducted by the 
Committee or any subcommittee and meet-
ings, conferences, and investigations which 
involve activities or subject matter under 
the general jurisdiction of the Committee. 
Before such authorization is given there 
shall be submitted to the Chair in writing 
the following: 
(1) The purpose of the travel; 
(2) The dates during which the travel is to 
be made and the date or dates of the event 
for which the travel is being made; 
(3) The location of the event for which the 
travel is to be made; and 
(4) The names of members and staff seek-
ing authorization. 
(b) Subcommittee Travel.—In the case of 
travel of members and staff of a sub-
committee 
to 
hearings, 
meetings, 
con-
ferences, and investigations involving activi-
ties or subject matter under the legislative 
assignment of such subcommittee, prior au-
thorization must be obtained from the sub-
committee chair and the Chair. Such prior 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:42 Feb 09, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00005
Fmt 7634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A08FE7.013
H08FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 4-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H478 
February 8, 2021 
authorization shall be given by the Chair 
only upon the representation by the chair of 
such subcommittee in writing setting forth 
those items enumerated in subparagraphs 
(1), (2), (3), and (4) of paragraph (a) and that 
there has been compliance where applicable 
with Committee Rule IV. 
(c) Travel Outside the United States.— 
(1) In general.—In the case of travel outside 
the United States of members and staff of 
the Committee or subcommittee for the pur-
pose of conducting hearings, investigations, 
studies, or attending meetings and con-
ferences involving activities or subject mat-
ter under the legislative assignment of the 
Committee or pertinent subcommittee, prior 
authorization must be obtained from the 
Chair, or, in the case of a subcommittee from 
the subcommittee chair and the Chair. Be-
fore such authorization is given there shall 
be submitted to the Chair, in writing, a re-
quest for such authorization. Each request, 
which shall be filed in a manner that allows 
for a reasonable period of time for review be-
fore such travel is scheduled to begin, shall 
include the following: 
(A) The purpose of the travel; 
(B) The dates during which the travel will 
occur; 
(C) The names of the countries to be vis-
ited and the length of time to be spent in 
each; 
(D) An agenda of anticipated activities for 
each country for which travel is authorized 
together with a description of the purpose to 
be served and the areas of Committee juris-
diction involved; and 
(E) The names of members and staff for 
whom authorization is sought. 
(2) Initiation of requests.—Requests for trav-
el outside the United States may be initiated 
by the Chair or a subcommittee chair (except 
that individuals may submit a request to the 
Chair for the purpose of attending a con-
ference or meeting) and shall be limited to 
members and permanent employees of the 
Committee. 
(d) Reports by Members and Staff.—Within 15 
legislative days from the conclusion of any 
hearing, investigation, study, meeting, or 
conference for which travel has been author-
ized pursuant to this rule, each member and 
staff member involved in such travel shall 
submit a written report to the Chair cov-
ering the activities and other pertinent ob-
servations or information gained as a result 
of such travel. 
(e) Applicability of Laws, Rules, Policies.— 
Members and staff of the Committee per-
forming authorized travel on official busi-
ness shall be governed by applicable laws, 
resolutions, or regulations of the House and 
of the Committees on House Administration 
and Ethics pertaining to such travel, and by 
the travel policy of the Committee. 
RULE XVIII. COMMITTEE PANELS 
(a) Designation.—In accordance with clause 
5(b)(2)(C) of Rule X of the Rules of the House, 
the Chair of the Committee, with the concur-
rence of the ranking minority member, may 
designate a panel of the Committee con-
sisting of members of the Committee to in-
quire into and take testimony on a matter or 
matters that fall within the jurisdiction of 
more than one subcommittee and to report 
to the Committee. 
(b) Duration.—No panel designated under 
paragraph (a) shall continue in existence for 
more than six months after the date of the 
designation. 
(c) Party Ratios and Appointment.—The 
ratio of majority members to minority mem-
bers on a panel designated under paragraph 
(a) shall be as close as practicable to the 
ratio of the Full Committee. All majority 
members of the panels shall be appointed by 
the Chair of the Committee, and all minority 
members shall be appointed by the ranking 
minority member of the Committee. The 
Chair of the Committee shall choose one of 
the majority members so appointed to serve 
as Chair of the panel. The ranking minority 
member of the Committee shall similarly 
choose the ranking minority member of the 
panel. 
(d) Ex Officio Members.—The Chair and 
ranking minority member of the Committee 
may serve as ex officio members of a panel 
designated under paragraph (a). The Chair 
and ranking minority member are author-
ized to vote on matters that arise before the 
panel and shall be counted to satisfy the 
quorum requirement for any purpose. 
(e) Jurisdiction.—No panel designated under 
paragraph (a) shall have legislative jurisdic-
tion. 
(f) Applicability of Committee Rules.—A panel 
designated under paragraph (a) shall be sub-
ject to all Committee Rules herein. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
The SPEAKER. Pursuant to section 
5(a)(1)(B) of House Resolution 8, the 
House stands adjourned until 9 a.m. on 
Thursday, February 11, 2021. 
Thereupon (at 2 o’clock and 4 min-
utes p.m.), under its previous order, the 
House adjourned until Thursday, Feb-
ruary 11, 2021, at 9 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the 
Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
EC-183. A letter from the Deputy Adminis-
trator for Policy Support, Department of Ag-
riculture, transmitting the Department’s 
final rule — Employment and Training Op-
portunities in the Supplemental Nutrition 
Assistance Program [FNS-2019-0008 RIN: 0584- 
AE68] received February 2, 2021, pursuant to 
5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ag-
riculture. 
EC-184. A letter from the Supervisory 
Workforce Analyst, OPDR, ETA, Department 
of Labor, transmitting the Department’s 
Major final rule — Strengthening Wage Pro-
tections for the Temporary and Permanent 
Employment of Certain Aliens in the United 
States [DOL Docket No. ETA-2020-0006] (RIN: 
1205--AC00) received February 3, 2021, pursu-
ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 
121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee 
on Education and Labor. 
EC-185. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Pilatus Aircraft Ltd. Airplanes [Dock-
et No.: FAA-2020-0745; Project Identifier 2019- 
CE-030-AD; Amendment 39-21296; AD 2020-21- 
23] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 2, 
2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public 
Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure. 
EC-186. A letter from the Environmental 
Protection Specialist, Environmental Pro-
tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s 
final 
rule 
— 
Decabromodiphenyl 
Ether 
(DecaBDE); Regulation of Persistent, Bio-
accumulative, and Toxic Chemicals under 
TSCA Section 6(b) [EPA-HQ-OPPT-2019-0880; 
FRL-10018-87] (RIN: 2070-AK34) received Feb-
ruary 
2, 
2021, 
pursuant 
to 
5 
U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. 
EC-187. A letter from the Attorney-Advi-
sor, Executive Office for Immigration Re-
view, Department of Justice, transmitting 
the Department’s final rule — Asylum Eligi-
bility and Procedural Modifications [EOIR 
Docket No.: 19-0111; Dir. Order 06-2021] (RIN: 
1125-AA91) received February 2, 2021, pursu-
ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 
121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee 
on the Judiciary. 
EC-188. A letter from the Chief Counsel, 
Department of Homeland Security, transmit-
ting the Department’s final rule — Suspen-
sion of Community Eligibility [Docket ID: 
FEMA-2020-0005; 
Internal 
Agency 
Docket 
No.: FEMA-8659] received February 2, 2021, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture. 
EC-189. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analysis, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Airbus Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA- 
2020-0978; Project Identifier MCAI-2020-00459- 
R; Amendment 39-21318; AD 2020-23-02] (RIN: 
2120-AA64) received February 2, 2021, pursu-
ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 
121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee 
on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC-190. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Pilatus Aircraft Ltd. Airplanes [Dock-
et No.: FAA-2020-0753; Project Identifier 2019- 
CE-033-AD; Amendment 39-21331; AD 2020-24- 
01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 2, 
2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public 
Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure. 
EC-191. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class E 
Airspace; Charlevoix, MI [Docket No.: FAA- 
2020-0803; Airspace Docket No.: 20-AGL-30] 
(RIN: 2120-AA66) received February 2, 2021, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture. 
EC-192. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Textron Aviation, Inc., (Type Certifi-
cate Previously Held by Cessna Aircraft 
Company) Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2020- 
0493; 
Project 
Identifier 
2019-CE-046-AD; 
Amendment 39-21336; AD 2020-24-06] (RIN: 
2120-AA64) received February 2, 2021, pursu-
ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 
121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee 
on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC-193. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Textron Aviation, Inc., (Type Certifi-
cate Previously Held by Cessna Aircraft 
Company) Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2020- 
0493; 
Project 
Identifier 
2019-CE-046-AD; 
Amendment 39-21336; AD 2020-24-06] (RIN: 
2120-AA64) received February 2, 2021, pursu-
ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 
121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee 
on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC-194. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Rolls-Royce Corporation (Type Certifi-
cate Previously Held by Allison Engine Com-
pany) Turboprop Engines [Docket No.: FAA- 
2020-0687; Project Identifier AD-2020-00571-E; 
Amendment 39-21314; AD 2020-22-18] (RIN: 
2120-AA64) received February 2, 2021, pursu-
ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:23 May 20, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00006
Fmt 7634
Sfmt 0634
E:\RECORD21\FEBRUARY\H08FE1.REC
H08FE1
abonner on DSKJLXR7X2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
 CORRECTION

 -Page 5-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H479 
February 8, 2021 
121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee 
on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC-195. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Airbus SAS Airplanes [Docket No.: 
FAA-2020-0970; Project Identifier AD-2020- 
01359-T; Amendment 39-21305; AD 2020-22-09] 
(RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 2, 2021, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture. 
EC-196. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Second Limited Exten-
sion of Relief for Certain Persons and Oper-
ations During the Coronavirus Disease 2019 
(COVID-19) Public Health Emergency [Dock-
et No.: FAA-2020-0446; Amdt. No(s).: Amend-
ment numbers 21-104, 61-147, 63-45, 65-62, 91- 
360, 107-5, 125-71, and 141-23] (RIN: 2120-AL66) 
received February 2, 2021, pursuant to 5 
U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC-197. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Airbus Helicopters Deutschland GmbH 
[Docket No.: FAA-2020-0919; Project Identi-
fier MCAI-2020-00637-R; Amendment 39-21300; 
AD 2020-22-04] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Feb-
ruary 
2, 
2021, 
pursuant 
to 
5 
U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure. 
EC-198. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Bell Textron Inc. (Type Certificate 
Previously Held by Bell Helicopter Textron 
Inc.) Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA-2020-0921; 
Project Identifier AD-2020-00323-R; Amend-
ment 39-21303; AD 2020-22-07] (RIN: 2120-AA64) 
received February 2, 2021, pursuant to 5 
U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC-199. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Pilatus Aircraft Ltd. Airplanes [Dock-
et No.: FAA-2020-0744; Project Identifier 2019- 
CE-056-AD; Amendment 39-21285; AD 2020-21- 
12] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 2, 
2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public 
Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure. 
EC-200. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Polskie Zaklady Lotnicze Sp. z o.o Air-
planes [Docket No.: FAA-2020-0473; Project 
Identifier 2018-CE-058-AD; Amendment 39- 
21308; AD 2020-22-12] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received 
February 2, 2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure. 
EC-201. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Amendment of the Class 
E Airspace; Hartford, KY [Docket No.: FAA- 
2020-0730; Airspace Docket No.: 20-ASO-20] 
(RIN: 2120-AA66) received February 2, 2021, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture. 
EC-202. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class E 
Airspace; Montezuma, GA [Docket No.: FAA- 
2020-0763; Airspace Docket No.: 20-ASO-22] 
(RIN: 2120-AA66) received February 2, 2021, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture. 
EC-203. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Airbus Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA- 
2020-0585; Product Identifier 2019-SW-112-AD; 
Amendment 39-21297; AD 2020-22-01] (RIN: 
2120-AA64) received February 2, 2021, pursu-
ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 
121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee 
on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC-204. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Airbus Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA- 
2020-0618; Product Identifier 2019-SW-064-AD; 
Amendment 39-21288; AD 2020-21-15] (RIN: 
2120-AA64) received February 2, 2021, pursu-
ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 
121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee 
on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC-205. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Airbus SAS Airplanes [Docket No.: 
FAA-2020-0583; Product Identifier 2020-NM- 
071-AD; Amendment 39-21291; AD 2020-21-18] 
(RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 2, 2021, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture. 
EC-206. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Dassault Aviation Airplanes [Docket 
No.: FAA-2020-0678; Product Identifier 2020- 
NM-098-AD; Amendment 39-21292; AD 2020-21- 
19] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 2, 
2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public 
Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure. 
EC-207. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Dassault Aviation Airplanes [Docket 
No.: FAA-2020-0677; Product Identifier 2020- 
NM-099-AD; Amendment 39-21293; AD 2020-21- 
20] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 2, 
2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public 
Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure. 
EC-208. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Pilatus Aircraft Ltd. Airplanes [Dock-
et No.: FAA-2020-0746; Project Identifier 2019- 
CE-012-AD; Amendment 39-21301; AD 2020-22- 
05] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 2, 
2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public 
Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure. 
EC-209. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; 
Textron 
Aviation 
Inc. 
Airplanes 
[Docket No.: FAA-2020-0472; Project Identi-
fier 2018-CE-060-AD; Amendment 39-21295; AD 
2020-21-22] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Feb-
ruary 
2, 
2021, 
pursuant 
to 
5 
U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure. 
EC-210. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-
proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums 
and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-
cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31337; 
Amdt. No.: 3927] received February 2, 2021, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture. 
EC-211. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class E 
Airspace; Toccoa, GA [Docket No.: FAA-2020- 
0645; Airspace Docket No.: 20-ASO-18] (RIN: 
2120-AA66) received February 2, 2021, pursu-
ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 
121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee 
on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC-212. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class D 
and Class E Airspace; Truckee, CA [Docket 
No.: FAA-2020-0768; Airspace Docket No.: 18- 
AWP-25] (RIN: 2120-AA66) received February 
2, 2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Pub-
lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure. 
EC-213. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-
proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums 
and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-
cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31342; 
Amdt. No.: 3932] received February 2, 2021, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture. 
EC-214. A letter from the Management and 
Program 
Analyst, 
FAA, 
Department 
of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-
proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums 
and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-
cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31341; 
Amdt. No.: 3931] received February 2, 2021, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following 
titles were introduced and severally re-
ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. BERGMAN (for himself and Mr. 
NEGUSE): 
H.R. 905. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Treasury to mint coins in commemora-
tion of the health care professionals, first re-
sponders, scientists, researchers, all essen-
tial workers, and individuals who provided 
care and services during the coronavirus 
pandemic; to the Committee on Financial 
Services. 
By Mr. BIGGS: 
H.R. 906. A bill to prohibit the Secretary of 
Transportation, acting through the Adminis-
trator of the Federal Aviation Administra-
tion, from setting a requirement that air 
carriers and foreign air carriers must require 
an individual to test negative for COVID-19 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:10 Feb 09, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00007
Fmt 7634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\L08FE7.000
H08FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 6-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H480 
February 8, 2021 
to travel in air transportation on an air car-
rier, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture. 
By Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER (for her-
self, Mrs. WATSON
COLEMAN, Ms. 
JACKSON LEE, Mr. CA´ RDENAS, and Ms. 
PRESSLEY): 
H.R. 907. A bill to address the psycho-
logical, social, and emotional needs of racial 
and ethnic minorities who experience trau-
ma associated with law enforcement vio-
lence, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER (for her-
self, Mr. CARBAJAL, Ms. JACKSON LEE, 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida, Mr. RUSH, Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD, and Mr. COHEN): 
H.R. 908. A bill to amend the Patient Pro-
tection and Affordable Care Act to provide 
for Federal Exchange outreach and edu-
cational activities; to the Committee on En-
ergy and Commerce. 
By Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER (for her-
self, Mr. KATKO, Ms. UNDERWOOD, and 
Mr. FITZPATRICK): 
H.R. 909. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Health and Human Services, acting through 
the Assistant Secretary for Mental Health 
and Substance Use, to establish a program to 
award grants to eligible entities to address 
maternal mental health conditions and sub-
stance use disorders with respect to pregnant 
and postpartum individuals, with a focus on 
racial and ethnic minority groups, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on Energy 
and Commerce. 
By Ms. BROWNLEY: 
H.R. 910. A bill to direct the Comptroller 
General of the United States to conduct re-
views of certain budget requests of the Presi-
dent for the medical care accounts of the De-
partment of Veterans Affairs; to the Com-
mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. FITZPATRICK (for himself, Mr. 
GOTTHEIMER, Mr. SMITH of New Jer-
sey, and Mr. CARSON): 
H.R. 911. A bill to direct the Administrator 
of the Federal Aviation Administration to 
issue an order requiring installation of a sec-
ondary cockpit barrier on certain aircraft, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Ms. BROWNLEY: 
H.R. 912. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to make certain improve-
ments relating to mental health and suicide 
prevention outreach to minority veterans 
and American Indian and Alaska Native vet-
erans, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Ms. BROWNLEY: 
H.R. 913. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to require congressional ap-
proval before the appropriation of funds for 
the Department of Veterans Affairs major 
medical facility leases; to the Committee on 
Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Ms. BROWNLEY (for herself, Ms. 
DELBENE, Mr. TONKO, Mrs. TORRES of 
California, Mr. RYAN, Mr. PAPPAS, 
Mr. WELCH, Mr. MEEKS, Mr. VICENTE 
GONZALEZ
of Texas, Mr. RUPPERS-
BERGER, Ms. LEE of California, Ms. 
NORTON, Mr. HASTINGS, Ms. KELLY of 
Illinois, 
Mrs. 
BUSTOS, 
Ms. 
VELA´ ZQUEZ, Mr. RUSH, Mr. KILMER, 
and Ms. KUSTER): 
H.R. 914. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to require the Secretary of Vet-
erans Affairs to furnish dental care in the 
same manner as any other medical service, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. BURCHETT (for himself and 
Mr. CASE): 
H.R. 915. A bill to amend the Congressional 
Budget Act of 1974 to provide for procedures 
to meet a target ratio of public debt to gross 
domestic product, and for other purposes; to 
the Committee on Rules, and in addition to 
the Committee on the Budget, for a period to 
be subsequently determined by the Speaker, 
in each case for consideration of such provi-
sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
By Mr. CALVERT (for himself, Mr. 
NUNES, and Mr. LAMALFA): 
H.R. 916. A bill to provide for a limitation 
on the number of civilian employees at the 
Department of Defense, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. CARBAJAL (for himself and 
Mr. FITZPATRICK): 
H.R. 917. A bill to prohibit the sale of kan-
garoo products, and for other purposes; to 
the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. CA´ RDENAS (for himself and 
Ms. SA´ NCHEZ): 
H.R. 918. A bill to amend title XIX of the 
Social Security Act to allow States to pro-
vide coverage under the Medicaid program 
for vaccines and treatment for COVID-19 for 
uninsured individuals without the imposi-
tion of cost sharing requirements, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on Energy 
and Commerce. 
By Mr. CASTEN (for himself and Ms. 
DELBENE): 
H.R. 919. A bill to amend title IX of the So-
cial Security Act to extend and increase 
emergency unemployment relief for govern-
mental entities and nonprofit organizations, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Ways and Means. 
By Mr. CLYBURN (for himself, Ms. 
BLUNT ROCHESTER, Ms. NORTON, and 
Mr. GOOD of Virginia): 
H.R. 920. A bill to amend the Act entitled 
‘‘Act to provide for the establishment of the 
Brown v. Board of Education National His-
toric Site in the State of Kansas, and for 
other purposes’’ to provide for inclusion of 
additional related sites in the National Park 
System, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. COHEN (for himself, Ms. TITUS, 
Mr. FITZPATRICK, Mr. KHANNA, Mrs. 
DEMINGS, 
Mr. 
THOMPSON
of 
Mis-
sissippi, Mr. DEUTCH, Ms. DELBENE, 
Ms. MCCOLLUM, Mr. CA´ RDENAS, Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO, Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN, 
Mr. KATKO, Mr. TAKANO, Mr. CASTEN, 
Mr. 
KILMER, 
Ms. 
WASSERMAN 
SCHULTZ, Ms. SPEIER, Mr. WELCH, Ms. 
VELA´ ZQUEZ, Mr. STANTON, Mrs. CARO-
LYN B. MALONEY of New York, Ms. 
CLARKE of New York, Ms. KAPTUR, 
Ms. KUSTER, Ms. BARRAGA´ N, Mr. SEAN 
PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. 
LEE
of California, Ms. MENG, Mr. 
LIEU, Mr. CARTWRIGHT, Mr. BEYER, 
Ms. PINGREE, Mr. GARCI´A of Illinois, 
Mr. TONKO, Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. 
NADLER, Mr. SMITH of Washington, 
Ms. BROWNLEY, Mrs. KIRKPATRICK, 
Mr. MEEKS, Ms. STEVENS, Mr. HAS-
TINGS, 
Mr. 
DEFAZIO, 
Mr. 
KRISHNAMOORTHI, Mr. PETERS, Mr. 
LYNCH, Ms. ESHOO, Mr. LOWENTHAL, 
Mr. CARBAJAL, Mrs. BEATTY, Mr. 
ESPAILLAT, Mr. CONNOLLY, Ms. SE-
WELL, Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Penn-
sylvania, Mr. PAYNE, Mr. LEVIN of 
Michigan, Mr. SIRES, Mr. SHERMAN, 
Mr. SUOZZI, Mr. PALLONE, Mr. RUSH, 
Mr. 
JOHNSON
of 
Georgia, 
Mr. 
CICILLINE, 
Mr. 
BLUMENAUER, 
Mrs. 
LURIA, Mr. MALINOWSKI, Mr. RYAN, 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD, Mr. CORREA, Mr. 
POCAN, 
Mr. 
MCGOVERN, 
Ms. 
PRESSLEY, Mr. JONES, Mr. SCHIFF, 
Mr. DESAULNIER, Mr. LAWSON of Flor-
ida, Mr. HORSFORD, Mr. BRENDAN F. 
BOYLE
of Pennsylvania, Ms. SCHA-
KOWSKY, Ms. JAYAPAL, Mr. KEATING, 
Mr. CROW, Mr. QUIGLEY, Ms. CHU, Mr. 
RASKIN, Mr. PRICE of North Carolina, 
Mr. SWALWELL, Mr. VARGAS, Mr. 
PAPPAS, Ms. NORTON, Ms. BONAMICI, 
Mr. BROWN, Mr. NEGUSE, Ms. CLARK 
of Massachusetts, Mrs. MCBATH, Mr. 
NEAL, Mr. LANGEVIN, Mr. GALLEGO, 
Mr. HUFFMAN, Ms. CASTOR of Florida, 
Mr. FOSTER, Ms. MOORE of Wisconsin, 
Mr. CARSON, Mr. GRIJALVA, and Mr. 
GOTTHEIMER): 
H.R. 921. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, to prohibit the transportation 
of horses in interstate transportation in a 
motor vehicle containing 2 or more levels 
stacked on top of one another, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. CONNOLLY (for himself and 
Mr. CHABOT): 
H.R. 922. A bill to prohibit United States 
Government recognition of the Russian Fed-
eration’s claim of sovereignty over Crimea, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. CONNOLLY (for himself and 
Mr. KINZINGER): 
H.R. 923. A bill to support the independ-
ence, sovereignty, and territorial integrity 
of Georgia, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addi-
tion to the Committees on the Judiciary, 
and Ways and Means, for a period to be sub-
sequently determined by the Speaker, in 
each case for consideration of such provi-
sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
By Mr. CUELLAR (for himself and Mr. 
MCCAUL): 
H.R. 924. A bill to provide funding for hu-
manitarian relief at the southern border of 
the United States; to the Committee on Fi-
nancial Services. 
By Ms. DAVIDS of Kansas (for herself, 
Ms. UNDERWOOD, Ms. ADAMS, Mr. 
KHANNA, 
Ms. 
VELA´ ZQUEZ, 
Mrs. 
MCBATH, Mr. SMITH of Washington, 
Ms. SCANLON, Mr. LAWSON of Florida, 
Mrs. HAYES, Mr. BUTTERFIELD, Ms. 
MOORE of Wisconsin, Ms. STRICKLAND, 
Mr. RYAN, Mr. SCHIFF, Mr. JOHNSON 
of 
Georgia, 
Mr. 
HORSFORD, 
Ms. 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ, Ms. BARRAGA´ N, 
Mr. DEUTCH, Mr. PAYNE, Mr. BLU-
MENAUER, Mr. MOULTON, Mr. SOTO, 
Mr. NADLER, Mr. TRONE, Ms. CLARKE 
of New York, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY, Ms. 
BASS, Ms. PRESSLEY, Mr. EVANS, Ms. 
BLUNT
ROCHESTER, Ms. CASTOR
of 
Florida, Ms. SEWELL, and Ms. WIL-
LIAMS of Georgia): 
H.R. 925. A bill to amend the Public Health 
Service Act (42 U.S.C. 201 et seq.) to author-
ize funding for maternal mortality review 
committees to promote representative com-
munity engagement, and for other purposes; 
to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, 
and in addition to the Committee on Natural 
Resources, for a period to be subsequently 
determined by the Speaker, in each case for 
consideration of such provisions as fall with-
in the jurisdiction of the committee con-
cerned. 
By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois 
(for himself and Ms. CASTOR of Flor-
ida): 
H.R. 926. A bill to provide emergency fund-
ing for home visiting programs during the 
pandemic, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Appropriations. 
By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois 
(for himself and Ms. DELBENE): 
H.R. 927. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to enhance the Child and 
Dependent Care Tax Credit and make the 
credit fully refundable; to the Committee on 
Ways and Means. 
By Ms. DELAURO (for herself, Ms. 
DELBENE, Mr. TORRES of New York, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:10 Feb 09, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00008
Fmt 7634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\L08FE7.100
H08FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 7-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H481 
February 8, 2021 
Mr. SMITH of Washington, Ms. SCHA-
KOWSKY, Ms. BONAMICI, Mr. CARSON, 
Mr. HORSFORD, Mrs. BEATTY, Mrs. 
DEMINGS, Mr. LOWENTHAL, Mr. MI-
CHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. 
LEE of California, Mrs. LURIA, Mr. 
GALLEGO, Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
of New York, Mr. HASTINGS, Ms. NOR-
TON, Ms. SCANLON, Mr. PANETTA, Mr. 
EVANS, 
Mr. 
CONNOLLY, 
Mr. 
MALINOWSKI, Ms. DEAN, Mr. LIEU, Mr. 
GARCI´A of Illinois, Mr. SARBANES, Mr. 
DEFAZIO, Mr. KILMER, Mr. MCGOV-
ERN, Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ, Ms. 
PINGREE, Ms. BARRAGA´ N, Mr. DOG-
GETT, Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD, Mr. BLU-
MENAUER, Mr. BOWMAN, Mr. WELCH, 
Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois, Ms. 
LOFGREN, 
Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD, 
Mrs. 
HAYES, Mrs. KIRKPATRICK, Mrs. WAT-
SON COLEMAN, Mr. SIRES, Mr. COHEN, 
Mr. 
SOTO, 
Mr. 
LANGEVIN, 
Ms. 
SCHRIER, Ms. MENG, Mr. GRIJALVA, 
Ms. JACKSON LEE, Ms. ESCOBAR, Ms. 
CLARK of Massachusetts, Mr. COURT-
NEY, Ms. ROSS, Ms. SHERRILL, Ms. 
BROWNLEY, Ms. HOULAHAN, Mr. CROW, 
Mr. LYNCH, Mr. TONKO, Mr. KEATING, 
Mr. COOPER, Ms. OCASIO-CORTEZ, Mr. 
MORELLE, Mr. ESPAILLAT, Ms. MAT-
SUI, Mr. TRONE, Mr. MCNERNEY, Mr. 
PRICE of North Carolina, Ms. WILD, 
Ms. DEGETTE, Ms. KELLY of Illinois, 
Mr. MEEKS, Mr. SABLAN, Mr. LARSON 
of Connecticut, Ms. SPEIER, Mr. HIG-
GINS of New York, Mr. POCAN, Mr. 
CA´ RDENAS, Mr. VARGAS, Ms. SEWELL, 
Ms. MANNING, Miss RICE of New York, 
Mr. CARBAJAL, Mr. CUELLAR, Mr. 
DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. LEGER 
FERNANDEZ, Mr. SUOZZI, Mr. JONES, 
Ms. SA´ NCHEZ, Ms. CRAIG, Ms. GARCIA 
of Texas, Ms. MOORE of Wisconsin, 
Mr. VEASEY, Mr. NADLER, Mr. FOS-
TER, Mr. TAKANO, Mr. YARMUTH, Mr. 
JOHNSON of Georgia, Ms. BASS, Mr. 
PALLONE, 
Ms. 
TITUS, 
Ms. 
BLUNT 
ROCHESTER, Ms. OMAR, Ms. TLAIB, Ms. 
KUSTER, Ms. LOIS FRANKEL of Flor-
ida, Mr. SHERMAN, Mr. RYAN, Mrs. 
LAWRENCE, Mr. DESAULNIER, Mrs. 
TRAHAN, Mr. LAWSON of Florida, Ms. 
WILSON of Florida, Mr. KAHELE, Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO, Ms. WILLIAMS of Geor-
gia, Mr. KHANNA, Mr. PAYNE, Ms. 
CLARKE of New York, Ms. STRICK-
LAND, Ms. JACOBS of California, Ms. 
KAPTUR, 
Mr. 
O’HALLERAN, 
Mr. 
JEFFRIES, Mr. NEGUSE, Mr. LARSEN of 
Washington, Ms. CHU, Mr. CART-
WRIGHT, 
Ms. 
MCCOLLUM, 
Ms. 
VELA´ ZQUEZ, Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALO-
NEY of New York, Mr. KILDEE, Mr. 
HOYER, Mr. COSTA, Mr. LEVIN of Cali-
fornia, Mr. AUCHINCLOSS, Mr. BEYER, 
Ms. NEWMAN, Mr. RASKIN, Ms. CASTOR 
of Florida, Mr. GOMEZ, Ms. JAYAPAL, 
Mr. 
HIMES, 
Mr. 
MOULTON, 
Mr. 
CASTEN, Mrs. DINGELL, Mr. BROWN, 
Mrs. 
TORRES
of 
California, 
Mr. 
HUFFMAN, Ms. PLASKETT, Mr. PAS-
CRELL, Mr. QUIGLEY, Mr. SCOTT of 
Virginia, and Ms. ESHOO): 
H.R. 928. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to make the child tax cred-
it fully refundable, establish an increased 
child tax credit for young children, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on Ways 
and Means. 
By Mr. DEUTCH: 
H.R. 929. A bill to provide that the amount 
of time that an elderly offender must serve 
before being eligible for placement in home 
detention is to be reduced by the amount of 
good time credits earned by the prisoner, and 
for other purposes; to the Committee on the 
Judiciary. 
By Mr. GOHMERT: 
H.R. 930. A bill to amend the Endangered 
Species Act of 1973 to provide that nonnative 
species in the United States shall not be 
treated as endangered species or threatened 
species for purposes of that Act; to the Com-
mittee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. GOHMERT: 
H.R. 931. A bill to exempt from the Lacey 
Act and the Lacey Act Amendments of 1981 
certain water transfers between any of the 
States of Texas, Arkansas, and Louisiana, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Natural Resources, and in addition to the 
Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to 
be subsequently determined by the Speaker, 
in each case for consideration of such provi-
sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
By Mr. GRIFFITH: 
H.R. 932. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Agriculture to conduct a study on national 
forest volunteers, and for other purposes; to 
the Committee on Agriculture. 
By Mr. GRIFFITH (for himself, Mr. 
DUNCAN, and Mr. MULLIN): 
H.R. 933. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to remove short-barreled 
rifles from the definition of firearms for pur-
poses of the National Firearms Act, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on Ways 
and Means, and in addition to the Committee 
on the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-
quently determined by the Speaker, in each 
case for consideration of such provisions as 
fall within the jurisdiction of the committee 
concerned. 
By Mr. HORSFORD: 
H.R. 934. A bill to amend the CARES Act to 
extend Federal Pandemic Unemployment 
Compensation 
and 
increase 
the 
weekly 
amount, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. HUIZENGA (for himself, Mr. 
HIGGINS of New York, Mr. POSEY, and 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York): 
H.R. 935. A bill to amend the Securities Ex-
change Act of 1934 to exempt from registra-
tion brokers performing services in connec-
tion with the transfer of ownership of small-
er privately held companies; to the Com-
mittee on Financial Services. 
By Ms. JACKSON LEE (for herself, Mr. 
PAYNE, Mr. BROWN, and Mr. JONES): 
H.R. 936. A bill to direct the Federal Emer-
gency Management Agency to assist States 
and local governments with the distribution 
and tracking of vaccines for COVID-19, to di-
rect the Secretary of Health and Human 
Services to carry out a national program to 
oversee the collection and maintenance of 
all Federal and State data on vaccinations of 
individuals in the United States for COVID- 
19 to achieve mass vaccination saturation 
immunity, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in 
addition to the Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure, for a period to be 
subsequently determined by the Speaker, in 
each case for consideration of such provi-
sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
By Ms. JOHNSON of Texas (for herself, 
Ms. UNDERWOOD, Ms. ADAMS, Mr. 
KHANNA, 
Ms. 
VELA´ ZQUEZ, 
Mrs. 
MCBATH, Mr. SMITH of Washington, 
Ms. SCANLON, Mr. LAWSON of Florida, 
Mrs. HAYES, Mr. BUTTERFIELD, Ms. 
MOORE of Wisconsin, Ms. STRICKLAND, 
Mr. RYAN, Mr. SCHIFF, Mr. JOHNSON 
of 
Georgia, 
Mr. 
HORSFORD, 
Ms. 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ, Ms. BARRAGA´ N, 
Mr. DEUTCH, Mr. PAYNE, Mr. BLU-
MENAUER, Mr. MOULTON, Mr. SOTO, 
Mr. NADLER, Mr. TRONE, Ms. CLARKE 
of New York, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY, Ms. 
BASS, Ms. PRESSLEY, Mr. EVANS, Ms. 
BLUNT
ROCHESTER, Ms. CASTOR
of 
Florida, Ms. SEWELL, and Ms. WIL-
LIAMS of Georgia): 
H.R. 937. A bill to amend title XI of the So-
cial Security Act to integrate telehealth 
models in maternity care services, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on Energy 
and Commerce. 
By Mr. LAMALFA (for himself and Mr. 
DESAULNIER): 
H.R. 938. A bill to require the Director of 
the Office of Personnel Management to cre-
ate a classification that more accurately re-
flects the vital role of wildland firefighters; 
to the Committee on Oversight and Reform. 
By Mr. LAMALFA (for himself and Mr. 
NEWHOUSE): 
H.R. 939. A bill to exempt certain wildfire 
mitigation activities from certain environ-
mental requirements, and for other purposes; 
to the Committee on Natural Resources, and 
in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, 
for a period to be subsequently determined 
by the Speaker, in each case for consider-
ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-
risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. LAMALFA (for himself and Mr. 
NEWHOUSE): 
H.R. 940. A bill to establish a categorical 
exclusion for electric utility rights-of-way, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Natural Resources, and in addition to the 
Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be 
subsequently determined by the Speaker, in 
each case for consideration of such provi-
sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
By Ms. MATSUI (for herself, Mr. BILI-
RAKIS, and Ms. PINGREE): 
H.R. 941. A bill to reauthorize the Stem 
Cell Therapeutic and Research Act of 2005, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Energy and Commerce. 
By Mrs. MCBATH (for herself and Ms. 
SA´ NCHEZ): 
H.R. 942. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide for the applica-
tion of the premium tax credit in the case of 
certain individuals who are unemployed dur-
ing 2021; to the Committee on Ways and 
Means. 
By Mrs. MCBATH (for herself, Ms. 
UNDERWOOD, Ms. ADAMS, Mr. KHANNA, 
Ms. VELA´ ZQUEZ, Mr. SMITH of Wash-
ington, Ms. SCANLON, Mr. LAWSON of 
Florida, 
Mrs. 
HAYES, 
Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD, Ms. MOORE
of Wis-
consin, Ms. STRICKLAND, Mr. RYAN, 
Mr. SCHIFF, Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, 
Mr. 
HORSFORD, 
Ms. 
WASSERMAN 
SCHULTZ, Ms. BARRAGA´ N, Mr. DEUTCH, 
Mr. PAYNE, Mr. BLUMENAUER, Mr. 
MOULTON, Mr. SOTO, Mr. NADLER, Mr. 
TRONE, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Ms. 
SCHAKOWSKY, 
Ms. 
BASS, 
Ms. 
PRESSLEY, Mr. EVANS, Ms. BLUNT 
ROCHESTER, Ms. CASTOR of Florida, 
Ms. SEWELL, and Ms. WILLIAMS of 
Georgia): 
H.R. 943. A bill to address social deter-
minants of maternal health with respect to 
pregnant and postpartum individuals, and 
for other purposes; to the Committee on En-
ergy and Commerce, and in addition to the 
Committees on Financial Services, Trans-
portation and Infrastructure, Agriculture, 
and Education and Labor, for a period to be 
subsequently determined by the Speaker, in 
each case for consideration of such provi-
sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
By Mr. MCKINLEY (for himself and Mr. 
WELCH): 
H.R. 944. A bill to amend the Public Health 
Service Act to authorize a loan repayment 
program to encourage specialty medicine 
physicians to serve in rural communities ex-
periencing a shortage of specialty medicine 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:10 Feb 09, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00009
Fmt 7634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\L08FE7.100
H08FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 8-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H482 
February 8, 2021 
physicians, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Ms. MOORE of Wisconsin (for her-
self, Ms. UNDERWOOD, Ms. ADAMS, Mr. 
KHANNA, 
Ms. 
VELA´ ZQUEZ, 
Mrs. 
MCBATH, Mr. SMITH of Washington, 
Ms. SCANLON, Mr. LAWSON of Florida, 
Mrs. HAYES, Mr. BUTTERFIELD, Ms. 
STRICKLAND, Mr. RYAN, Mr. SCHIFF, 
Mr. 
JOHNSON
of 
Georgia, 
Mr. 
HORSFORD, Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ, 
Ms. BARRAGA´ N, Mr. DEUTCH, Mr. 
PAYNE, Mr. BLUMENAUER, Ms. WIL-
LIAMS of Georgia, Mr. MOULTON, Mr. 
SOTO, Mr. NADLER, Mr. TRONE, Ms. 
CLARKE
of New York, Ms. SCHA-
KOWSKY, Ms. BASS, Ms. PRESSLEY, Mr. 
EVANS, Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER, Ms. 
CASTOR
of Florida, Ms. HOULAHAN, 
and Ms. SEWELL): 
H.R. 945. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Health and Human Services to issue guid-
ance to States to educate providers, man-
aged care entities, and other insurers about 
the value and process of delivering respectful 
maternal health care through diverse and 
multidisciplinary care provider models, and 
for other purposes; to the Committee on En-
ergy and Commerce. 
By Mr. PASCRELL (for himself, Mrs. 
WATSON COLEMAN, Mr. PALLONE, Mr. 
SIRES, Mr. PAYNE, Mr. NORCROSS, Ms. 
SHERRILL, Mr. KIM of New Jersey, Mr. 
COURTNEY, and Mr. PANETTA): 
H.R. 946. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to repeal the dollar limita-
tion on deduction of State and local taxes, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Ways and Means. 
By Mr. PENCE (for himself and Ms. 
BROWNLEY): 
H.R. 947. A bill to amend title 23, United 
States Code, to modify certain requirements 
of the railway-highway crossings program, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Ms. PRESSLEY (for herself, Ms. 
UNDERWOOD, Ms. ADAMS, Mr. KHANNA, 
Ms. VELA´ ZQUEZ, Mrs. MCBATH, Mr. 
SMITH of Washington, Ms. SCANLON, 
Mr. LAWSON of Florida, Mrs. HAYES, 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD, Ms. MOORE of Wis-
consin, Ms. STRICKLAND, Mr. RYAN, 
Mr. SCHIFF, Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, 
Mr. 
HORSFORD, 
Ms. 
WASSERMAN 
SCHULTZ, Ms. BARRAGA´ N, Mr. DEUTCH, 
Mr. PAYNE, Mr. BLUMENAUER, Mr. 
MOULTON, Mr. SOTO, Mr. NADLER, Mr. 
TRONE, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Ms. 
SCHAKOWSKY, Ms. BASS, Mr. EVANS, 
Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER, Ms. CASTOR of 
Florida, Ms. SEWELL, and Ms. WIL-
LIAMS of Georgia): 
H.R. 948. A bill to improve maternal health 
outcomes for incarcerated individuals, and 
for other purposes; to the Committee on the 
Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee 
on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be 
subsequently determined by the Speaker, in 
each case for consideration of such provi-
sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
By Mr. RUIZ: 
H.R. 949. A bill to amend the Public Health 
Service Act to provide for additional funding 
for teaching health centers graduate medical 
education; to the Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. 
By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY (for herself, Ms. 
UNDERWOOD, Ms. ADAMS, Mr. KHANNA, 
Ms. VELA´ ZQUEZ, Mrs. MCBATH, Mr. 
SMITH of Washington, Ms. SCANLON, 
Mr. LAWSON of Florida, Mrs. HAYES, 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD, Ms. MOORE of Wis-
consin, Ms. STRICKLAND, Mr. RYAN, 
Mr. SCHIFF, Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, 
Mr. 
HORSFORD, 
Ms. 
WASSERMAN 
SCHULTZ, Ms. BARRAGA´ N, Mr. DEUTCH, 
Mr. PAYNE, Mr. BLUMENAUER, Mr. 
MOULTON, Mr. SOTO, Mr. NADLER, Mr. 
TRONE, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Ms. 
BASS, Ms. PRESSLEY, Mr. EVANS, Ms. 
BLUNT
ROCHESTER, Ms. CASTOR
of 
Florida, Ms. SEWELL, and Ms. WIL-
LIAMS of Georgia): 
H.R. 950. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Health and Human Services to establish and 
implement a Perinatal Care Alternative 
Payment Model Demonstration Project, and 
for other purposes; to the Committee on En-
ergy and Commerce. 
By Ms. SEWELL (for herself, Ms. 
UNDERWOOD, Ms. ADAMS, Mr. KHANNA, 
Ms. VELA´ ZQUEZ, Mrs. MCBATH, Mr. 
SMITH of Washington, Ms. SCANLON, 
Mr. LAWSON of Florida, Mrs. HAYES, 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD, Ms. MOORE of Wis-
consin, Ms. STRICKLAND, Mr. RYAN, 
Mr. SCHIFF, Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, 
Mr. 
HORSFORD, 
Ms. 
WASSERMAN 
SCHULTZ, Ms. BARRAGA´ N, Mr. DEUTCH, 
Mr. PAYNE, Mr. BLUMENAUER, Mr. 
MOULTON, Mr. SOTO, Mr. NADLER, Mr. 
TRONE, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Ms. 
SCHAKOWSKY, 
Ms. 
BASS, 
Ms. 
PRESSLEY, Mr. EVANS, Ms. BLUNT 
ROCHESTER, Ms. CASTOR of Florida, 
Mr. JONES, Mr. COHEN, Ms. ROYBAL- 
ALLARD, Ms. SPEIER, Ms. JACKSON 
LEE, Mr. CARSON, Mr. KILDEE, Mr. 
DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. NORTON, 
Mr. SUOZZI, Ms. WILLIAMS of Georgia, 
and Mr. COOPER): 
H.R. 951. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Health and Human Services to carry out a 
national campaign to increase awareness of 
the importance of maternal vaccinations for 
the health of pregnant and postpartum indi-
viduals and their children, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-
merce. 
By Ms. SHERRILL (for herself and Mr. 
SUOZZI): 
H.R. 952. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to suspend for 2020 the re-
capture of overpayment of advanced pre-
mium tax credit; to the Committee on Ways 
and Means. 
By Ms. SPANBERGER (for herself and 
Mrs. KIM of California): 
H.R. 953. A bill to provide for the establish-
ment of a COVID-19 containment and mitiga-
tion for essential workers program for assist-
ing small businesses and employee represent-
atives of essential workers to reopen or oper-
ate consistent with guidance and practices 
intended to prevent the spread of COVID-19, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Energy and Commerce. 
By Ms. STEFANIK (for herself, Mr. 
GONZALEZ of Ohio, Mr. TAYLOR, Mr. 
BABIN, Mr. PERRY, Mr. STEWART, Mr. 
WEBER of Texas, Mr. TIFFANY, Mr. 
GAETZ, 
Mr. 
FITZPATRICK, 
Mr. 
RESCHENTHALER, Mr. BURCHETT, Mr. 
GUEST, Mr. LAMALFA, Mr. JACOBS of 
New York, Mr. JOYCE of Ohio, Mr. 
COLE, Mr. BURGESS, and Mr. GRIF-
FITH): 
H.R. 954. A bill to direct the Comptroller 
General of the United States to conduct a 
study on certain Federal funding made avail-
able to entities located in the People’s Re-
public of China or majority owned or con-
trolled by the Chinese Communist Party, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Science, Space, and Technology. 
By Mr. TONKO (for himself, Mr. TUR-
NER, Mr. TRONE, Mr. MCKINLEY, Ms. 
UNDERWOOD, Mr. FITZPATRICK, and 
Mr. HASTINGS): 
H.R. 955. A bill to amend title XIX of the 
Social Security Act to allow States to make 
medical assistance available to inmates dur-
ing the 30-day period preceding their release; 
to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. TURNER (for himself and Mrs. 
BEATTY): 
H.R. 956. A bill to amend the National 
Aviation Heritage Act to reauthorize the Na-
tional Aviation Heritage Area, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-
sources. 
By Ms. UNDERWOOD (for herself, Ms. 
ADAMS, Mr. KHANNA, Ms. VELA´ ZQUEZ, 
Mrs. MCBATH, Mr. SMITH of Wash-
ington, Ms. SCANLON, Mr. LAWSON of 
Florida, 
Mrs. 
HAYES, 
Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD, Ms. MOORE
of Wis-
consin, Ms. STRICKLAND, Mr. RYAN, 
Mr. SCHIFF, Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, 
Mr. 
HORSFORD, 
Ms. 
WASSERMAN 
SCHULTZ, Ms. BARRAGA´ N, Mr. DEUTCH, 
Mr. PAYNE, Mr. BLUMENAUER, Mr. 
MOULTON, Mr. SOTO, Mr. NADLER, Mr. 
TRONE, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Ms. 
SCHAKOWSKY, 
Ms. 
BASS, 
Ms. 
PRESSLEY, Mr. EVANS, Ms. BLUNT 
ROCHESTER, Ms. CASTOR of Florida, 
Ms. SEWELL, and Ms. WILLIAMS of 
Georgia): 
H.R. 957. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Health and Human Services to establish a 
grant program to protect vulnerable mothers 
and babies from climate change risks, and 
for other purposes; to the Committee on En-
ergy and Commerce. 
By Ms. UNDERWOOD (for herself, Mr. 
BILIRAKIS, Ms. BROWNLEY, and Mr. 
FITZPATRICK): 
H.R. 958. A bill to codify maternity care 
coordination programs at the Department of 
Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to 
the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Ms. UNDERWOOD (for herself, Ms. 
ADAMS, Mr. KHANNA, Ms. VELA´ ZQUEZ, 
Mrs. MCBATH, Mr. SMITH of Wash-
ington, Ms. SCANLON, Mr. CARSON, 
Mr. LAWSON of Florida, Mrs. HAYES, 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD, Mrs. BEATTY, Ms. 
MOORE of Wisconsin, Ms. STRICKLAND, 
Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsyl-
vania, Ms. OMAR, Ms. CLARK of Mas-
sachusetts, Mr. RYAN, Mr. BISHOP of 
Georgia, Mr. SCHIFF, Mr. JOHNSON of 
Georgia, Mr. HORSFORD, Ms. SEWELL, 
Ms. 
BLUNT
ROCHESTER, 
Ms. 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ, Ms. BARRAGA´ N, 
Ms. 
CLARKE
of 
New 
York, 
Mr. 
DEUTCH, Mr. PAYNE, Mr. MEEKS, Ms. 
MCCOLLUM, Ms. NORTON, Mr. SUOZZI, 
Ms. DEGETTE, Mr. BLUMENAUER, Ms. 
CRAIG, Ms. LOIS FRANKEL of Florida, 
Mr. MOULTON, Mr. SOTO, Mr. NADLER, 
Mr. TRONE, Mrs. LURIA, Mr. SAR-
BANES, Ms. SPANBERGER, Ms. SPEIER, 
Ms. JOHNSON of Texas, Mrs. BUSTOS, 
Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois, Ms. 
SCHAKOWSKY, Mr. BOWMAN, Ms. DA-
VIDS
of Kansas, Ms. SCHRIER, Mr. 
HASTINGS, Ms. BASS, Mrs. WATSON 
COLEMAN, Ms. LEE of California, Ms. 
HOULAHAN, Ms. PRESSLEY, Mr. COHEN, 
Mr. ALLRED, Mr. EVANS, Ms. BUSH, 
Mr. CROW, Ms. CASTOR of Florida, Ms. 
CHU, Ms. TLAIB, Mr. CONNOLLY, Ms. 
JACOBS of California, Mrs. DEMINGS, 
Mr. BERA, Ms. KUSTER, Mrs. TORRES 
of 
California, 
Mr. 
TONKO, 
Mrs. 
FLETCHER, Ms. JACKSON
LEE, Mr. 
MCNERNEY, Ms. PINGREE, Mr. STAN-
TON, 
Mr. 
JONES, 
Ms. 
WILD, 
Mr. 
RASKIN, Ms. WILLIAMS of Georgia, and 
Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia): 
H.R. 959. A bill to end preventable mater-
nal mortality and severe maternal morbidity 
in the United States and close disparities in 
maternal health outcomes, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on Energy and 
Commerce, and in addition to the Commit-
tees on Financial Services, Transportation 
and Infrastructure, Education and Labor, the 
Judiciary, Natural Resources, Agriculture, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:10 Feb 09, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00010
Fmt 7634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\L08FE7.100
H08FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 9-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H483 
February 8, 2021 
and Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be sub-
sequently determined by the Speaker, in 
each case for consideration of such provi-
sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
By Mr. WENSTRUP (for himself, Mr. 
CHABOT, Mrs. BEATTY, Mr. JORDAN, 
Mr. LATTA, Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio, Mr. 
GIBBS, Mr. DAVIDSON, Ms. KAPTUR, 
Mr. TURNER, Mr. BALDERSON, Mr. 
RYAN, Mr. JOYCE of Ohio, Mr. STIV-
ERS, and Mr. GONZALEZ of Ohio): 
H.R. 960. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 
3493 Burnet Avenue in Cincinnati, Ohio, as 
the ‘‘John H. Leahr and Herbert M. Heilbrun 
Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight 
and Reform. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-
tives, the following statements are sub-
mitted regarding the specific powers 
granted to Congress in the Constitu-
tion to enact the accompanying bill or 
joint resolution. 
By Mr. BERGMAN: 
H.R. 905. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article One, Section Eight of the United 
States Constitution 
By Mr. BIGGS: 
H.R. 906. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I of the U.S. Constitution 
By Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER: 
H.R. 907. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 and Clause 18 
By Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER: 
H.R. 908. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 and Clause 18 
By Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER: 
H.R. 909. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 and Clause 18 
By Ms. BROWNLEY: 
H.R. 910. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. FITZPATRICK: 
H.R. 911. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section VIII, Clause 1 
By Ms. BROWNLEY: 
H.R. 912. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Ms. BROWNLEY: 
H.R. 913. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Ms. BROWNLEY: 
H.R. 914. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. BURCHETT: 
H.R. 915. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8 Clause 18 
By Mr. CALVERT: 
H.R. 916. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is Section 8 of Arti-
cle I of the Constitution, specifically Clauses 
1 (relating to providing for the general wel-
fare of the United States) and 18 (relating to 
the power to make all laws necessary and 
proper for carrying out the powers vested in 
Congress) of such section. 
OR 
The constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is Article I, Section 
8, Clause 1 and Clause 18. 
By Mr. CARBAJAL: 
H.R. 917. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, clause 3 
By Mr. CA´ RDENAS: 
H.R. 918. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution 
By Mr. CASTEN: 
H.R. 919. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 
8 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. CLYBURN: 
H.R. 920. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Mr. COHEN: 
H.R. 921. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. CONNOLLY: 
H.R. 922. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is introduced pursuant to the au-
thority delineated in Article 1, Section I, 
which includes an implied power for the Con-
gress to regulate the conduct of the United 
States with respect to foreign affairs. 
By Mr. CONNOLLY: 
H.R. 923. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for 
carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-
ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-
stitution in the Government of the United 
States, or in any Department or Officer 
thereof. 
By Mr. CUELLAR: 
H.R. 924. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8. 
By Ms. DAVIDS of Kansas: 
H.R. 925. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 
8 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois: 
H.R. 926. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I of the Constitution and its subse-
quent amendments and further clarified and 
interpreted by the Supreme Court of the 
United States. 
By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois: 
H.R. 927. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I of the Constitution and its subse-
quent amendments and further clarified and 
interpreted by the Supreme Court of the 
United States. 
By Ms. DELAURO: 
H.R. 928. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I of the United States Constitution 
and its subsequent amendments, and further 
clarified and interpreted by the Supreme 
Court of the United States. 
By Mr. DEUTCH: 
H.R. 929. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the U.S. 
Constitution and Clause 18 of Section 8 of 
Article I of the U.S. Constitution. 
By Mr. GOHMERT: 
H.R. 930. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8 Clause 18, To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for 
carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-
ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-
stitution in the Government of the United 
States, or in any Department or Officer 
thereof 
By Mr. GOHMERT: 
H.R. 931. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, providing 
Congress the authority to regulate Com-
merce with Foreign Nations, and among the 
Several States, and with Indian Tribes 
By Mr. GRIFFITH: 
H.R. 932. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 
8 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. GRIFFITH: 
H.R. 933. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8 
By Mr. HORSFORD: 
H.R. 934. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-
stitution of the United States. 
By Mr. HUIZENGA: 
H.R. 935. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clauses I (‘‘The Con-
gress shall have Power To lay and collect 
Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay 
the Debts and provide for the common De-
fense and general Welfare of the United 
States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises 
shall be uniform throughout the United 
States’’), 3 (‘‘To regulate Commerce with for-
eign Nations, and among the several States, 
and with the Indian Tribes’’), and 18 (‘‘To 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and 
proper for carrying into Execution the fore-
going Powers, and all other Powers vested by 
this Constitution in the Government of the 
United States, or in any Department or Offi-
cer thereof). 
By Ms. JACKSON LEE: 
H.R. 936. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 
8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Con-
stitution. 
By Ms. JOHNSON of Texas: 
H.R. 937. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
(1) The U.S. Constitution including Article 
1, Section 8 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:10 Feb 09, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00011
Fmt 7634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\L08FE7.100
H08FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 10-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H484 
February 8, 2021 
By Mr. LAMALFA: 
H.R. 938. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. LAMALFA: 
H.R. 939. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 
By Mr. LAMALFA: 
H.R. 940. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article Four, section 3, clause 2 of the 
United States Constitution 
By Ms. MATSUI: 
H.R. 941. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the US Constitution 
By Mrs. MCBATH: 
H.R. 942. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
1. To lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts 
and excises, to pay the debts and provide for 
the common defense and general welfare of 
the United States; but all duties, imposts 
and excises shall be uniform throughout the 
United States 
By Mrs. MCBATH: 
H.R. 943. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
1. To lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts 
and excises, to pay the debts and provide for 
the common defense and general welfare of 
the United States; but all duties, imposts 
and excises shall be uniform throughout the 
United States 
By Mr. MCKINLEY: 
H.R. 944. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the 
foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-
ed by this Constitution in the Government of 
the United States, or in any Department or 
Officer thereof. 
By Ms. MOORE of Wisconsin: 
H.R. 945. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 
8, Clause 2 of the United States Constitution 
By Mr. PASCRELL: 
H.R. 946. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to Article I, Section 8, 
Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. PENCE: 
H.R. 947. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United 
States Constitution which grants Congress 
the authority to make all Laws which shall 
be necessary and proper for carrying into 
Execution the foregoing Powers, and all 
other Powers vested by this Constitution in 
the Government of the United States, or in 
any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Ms. PRESSLEY: 
H.R. 948. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. RUIZ: 
H.R. 949. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the 
United States Constitution, to provide for 
the general welfare and make all laws nec-
essary and proper to carry out the powers of 
Congress. 
By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: 
H.R. 950. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
The Congress shall have Power . . . To reg-
ulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and 
among the several States, and with the In-
dian Tribes. 
By Ms. SEWELL: 
H.R. 951. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion. 
By Ms. SHERRILL: 
H.R. 952. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of Section 8 or Article 1 of the 
Constitution of the United States of Amer-
ica. 
By Ms. SPANBERGER: 
H.R. 953. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Ms. STEFANIK: 
H.R. 954. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. TONKO: 
H.R. 955. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause I 
Provides Congress with the power to ‘‘lay 
and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Ex-
cises’’ in order to ‘‘provide for the . . . gen-
eral Welfare of the United States.’’ 
By Mr. TURNER: 
H.R. 956. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 
8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. 
By Ms. UNDERWOOD: 
H.R. 957. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion. 
By Ms. UNDERWOOD: 
H.R. 958. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion. 
By Ms. UNDERWOOD: 
H.R. 959. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion. 
By Mr. WENSTRUP: 
H.R. 960. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 7 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-
tions, as follows: 
H.R. 82: Mr. GUTHRIE. 
H.R. 97: Mr. BOWMAN. 
H.R. 207: Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. 
GUEST, and Mr. PALAZZO. 
H.R. 208: Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. 
GUEST, and Mr. PALAZZO. 
H.R. 209: Mr. PALAZZO. 
H.R. 225: Mr. JACOBS of New York. 
H.R. 233: Mr. ALLEN, Mrs. MILLER of West 
Virginia, Mr. HARDER of California, and Mr. 
MOOLENAAR. 
H.R. 328: Mr. POCAN, Mrs. WATSON COLE-
MAN, Mr. LOWENTHAL, Ms. DELAURO, Mr. 
COHEN, Mr. GRIJALVA, Ms. OMAR, Mr. HAS-
TINGS, and Mr. SARBANES. 
H.R. 382: Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. 
H.R. 384: Mr. LARSON of Connecticut and 
Ms. KUSTER. 
H.R. 476: Ms. HOULAHAN. 
H.R. 508: Mr. HUFFMAN. 
H.R. 510: Mr. HUFFMAN. 
H.R. 525: Ms. NORTON. 
H.R. 529: Ms. NORTON and Ms. DELBENE. 
H.R. 530: Ms. NORTON. 
H.R. 531: Ms. NORTON. 
H.R. 534: Mr. CARL, Mr. MOORE of Alabama, 
Mr. NORMAN, Mr. CLINE, Mr. LAMBORN, and 
Mr. LATTA. 
H.R. 543: Mr. PERRY. 
H.R. 571: Mr. FORTENBERRY. 
H.R. 596: Ms. BARRAGA´ N, Mrs. BEATTY, Ms. 
BLUNT ROCHESTER, Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. GARCI´A of Illinois, Mr. 
CICILLINE, Mr. COHEN, Ms. DEGETTE, Mrs. 
DEMINGS, Mr. DESAULNIER, Mr. FITZPATRICK, 
Mrs. HAYES, Mr. JOYCE of Ohio, Mr. KILDEE, 
Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI, Mr. LANGEVIN, Mr. 
LARSON of Connecticut, Mr. LOWENTHAL, Mr. 
LYNCH, Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York, Ms. MENG, Mr. MORELLE, Mr. SEAN 
PATRICK
MALONEY
of 
New 
York, 
Ms. 
PRESSLEY, Mr. SARBANES, Ms. SCANLON, Mr. 
SCHIFF, Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. SIRES, and Ms. 
VELA´ ZQUEZ. 
H.R. 651: Mr. CARSON. 
H.R. 666: Mr. LEVIN of California. 
H.R. 687: Mr. BISHOP of North Carolina. 
H.R. 707: Ms. SLOTKIN, Mr. GARBARINO, Mr. 
FORTENBERRY, and Mr. PALAZZO. 
H.R. 740: Mr. HUFFMAN. 
H.R. 758: Mr. ALLEN. 
H.R. 786: Mr. FITZPATRICK, Mr. LARSON of 
Connecticut, Mr. SUOZZI, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY, 
Mr. KILMER, Mr. BEYER, Ms. LEE of Cali-
fornia, 
Mr. 
DEFAZIO, 
Ms. 
NORTON, 
Ms. 
SPEIER, Ms. JACKSON LEE, Ms. TLAIB, Mr. 
PERLMUTTER, Mr. CARBAJAL, Mr. DANNY K. 
DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. WELCH, Mr. RASKIN, 
Mr. PAPPAS, Mr. GOTTHEIMER, Mr. PETERS, 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO, Mr. GALLEGO, Mr. PA-
NETTA, and Ms. DEAN. 
H.R. 793: Mr. KHANNA, Mr. CARBAJAL, Ms. 
NEWMAN, Ms. DEGETTE, Mrs. WATSON COLE-
MAN, Mr. GALLEGO, Mr. SARBANES, Mr. LEVIN 
of Michigan, Mr. VELA, Mr. THOMPSON of 
California, Mr. QUIGLEY, Mr. SIRES, Mrs. 
BEATTY, Mr. HUFFMAN, and Mr. HARDER of 
California. 
H.R. 795: Ms. ADAMS, Mr. THOMPSON of Cali-
fornia, Mr. NADLER, Mr. SIRES, and Ms. STE-
VENS. 
H.R. 816: Ms. WILLIAMS of Georgia, Ms. 
NEWMAN, and Ms. SCANLON. 
H.R. 840: Mr. ARRINGTON. 
H.R. 
842: 
Ms. 
DELBENE
and 
Ms. 
SPANBERGER. 
H.R. 855: Mrs. STEEL. 
H.R. 861: Mr. SOTO, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY, and 
Mr. JONES. 
H.R. 863: Mr. GOHMERT and Mr. POSEY. 
H.R. 864: Mr. GOHMERT. 
H.R. 865: Mr. GOHMERT. 
H.R. 890: Mr. VAN DREW, Mr. VELA, and Mr. 
BEYER. 
H.R. 892: Mr. RESCHENTHALER, Mr. ALLEN, 
and Mr. CRENSHAW. 
H. Res. 71: Mr. LYNCH, Ms. VAN DUYNE, and 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. 
H. Res. 81: Mr. ALLEN. 
H. Res. 103: Mr. GRIJALVA, Mr. MCEACHIN, 
Ms. JAYAPAL, and Ms. CASTOR of Florida. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:10 Feb 09, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00012
Fmt 7634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A08FE7.018
H08FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 11-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD—HOUSE
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
H485 
PROCEEDINGS OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
PRIOR TO SINE DIE ADJOURNMENT OF THE 
116TH CONGRESS 2D SESSION 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
APPROVED BY THE PRESIDENT 
PRIOR TO SINE DIE ADJOURN-
MENT 
The President, prior to sine die ad-
journment of the Second Session, 116th 
Congress, notified the Clerk of the 
House that on the following dates, he 
had approved and signed bills and joint 
resolutions of the following titles: 
October 1, 2020: 
H.R. 8337. An Act Making continuing ap-
propriations for fiscal year 2021, and for 
other purposes. 
October 2, 2020: 
H.J. Res. 87. A joint resolution providing 
for the reappointment of Michael M. Lynton 
as a citizen regent of the Board of Regents of 
the Smithsonian Institution. 
H.J. Res. 88. A joint resolution providing 
for the appointment of Franklin D. Raines as 
a citizen regent of the Board of Regents of 
the Smithsonian Institution. 
October 10, 2020: 
H.R. 991. An Act to extend certain provi-
sions of the Caribbean Basin Economic Re-
covery Act until September 30, 2030, and for 
other purposes. 
October 20, 2020: 
H.R. 1812. An Act to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to furnish Vet Center readjust-
ment counseling and related mental health 
services to certain individuals. 
H.R. 2372. An Act to direct the Comptroller 
General of the United States to conduct an 
assessment of all memoranda of under-
standing and memoranda of agreement be-
tween Under Secretary of Health and non-
Department of Veterans Affairs entities re-
lating to suicide prevention and mental 
health services. 
H.R. 4779. An Act to extend the Under-
taking Spam, Spyware, And Fraud Enforce-
ment With Enforcers beyond Borders Act of 
2006, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 6168. An Act to increase, effective as 
of December l, 2020, the rates of compensa-
tion for veterans with service-connected dis-
abilities and the rates of dependency and in-
demnity compensation for the survivors of 
certain disabled veterans, and for other pur-
poses. 
October 30, 2020: 
H.R. 561. An Act to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to improve the oversight of con-
tracts awarded by the Secretary of Veterans 
Affairs to small business concerns owned and 
controlled by veterans, and for other pur-
poses. 
H.R. 1952. An Act to amend the Inter-
country Adoption Act of 2000 to require the 
Secretary of State to report on intercountry 
adoptions from countries which have signifi-
cantly reduced adoption rates involving im-
migration to the United States, and for 
other purposes. 
H.R. 2359. An Act to direct the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to submit to Congress a re-
port on the Department of Veterans Affairs 
advancing of whole health transformation. 
H.R. 3399. An Act to amend the Nutria 
Eradication and Control Act of 2003 to in-
clude California in the program, and for 
other purposes. 
H.R. 4183. An Act to direct the Comptroller 
General of the United States to conduct a 
study on disability and pension benefits pro-
vided to members of the National Guard and 
members of reserve components of the 
Armed Forces by the Department of Vet-
erans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
December 3, 2020: 
H.R. 1773. An Act to award a Congressional 
Gold Medal, collectively, to the women in 
the United States who joined the workforce 
during World War II, providing the aircraft, 
vehicles, weaponry, ammunition and other 
material to win the war, that were referred 
to as ‘‘Rosie the Riveter’’, in recognition of 
their contributions to the United States and 
the inspiration they have provided to ensu-
ing generations. 
H.R. 1833. An Act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located 
at 35 Tulip Avenue in Floral Park, New 
York, as the ‘‘Lieutenant Michael R. David-
son Post Office Building’’. 
H.R. 3207. An Act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located 
at 114 Mill Street in Hookstown, Pennsyl-
vania, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Dylan Elchin 
Post Office Building’’. 
H.R. 3317. An Act to permit the Scipio A. 
Jones Post Office in Little Rock, Arkansas, 
to accept and display a portrait of Scipio A. 
Jones, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 3329. An Act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located 
at 5186 Benito Street in Montclair, Cali-
fornia, as the ‘‘Paul Eaton Post Office Build-
ing’’. 
H.R. 4734. An Act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located 
at 171 South Maple Street in Dana, Indiana, 
as the ‘‘Ernest ‘Ernie’ T. Pyle Post Office’’. 
H.R. 4794. An Act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located 
at 8320 13th Avenue in Brooklyn, New York, 
as the ‘‘Mother Frances Xavier Cabrini Post 
Office Building’’. 
H.R. 4981. An Act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located 
at 2505 Derita Avenue in Charlotte, North 
Carolina, as the ‘‘Julius L. Chambers Civil 
Rights Memorial Post Office’’. 
H.R. 5037. An Act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located 
at 3703 North Main Street in Farmville, 
North Carolina, as the ‘‘Walter B. Jones, Jr. 
Post Office’’. 
H.R. 5384. An Act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located 
at 100 Crosby Street in Mansfield, Louisiana, 
as the ‘‘Dr. C.O. Simpkins, Sr., Post Office’’. 
H.R. 5901. An Act to establish a program to 
facilitate the adoption of modern technology 
by executive agencies, and for other pur-
poses. 
December 4, 2020: 
H.R. 835. An Act to impose criminal sanc-
tions on certain persons involved in inter-
national doping fraud conspiracies, to pro-
vide restitution for victims of such conspir-
acies, and to require sharing of information 
with the United States Anti-Doping Agency 
to assist its fight against doping, and for 
other purposes. 
H.R. 1668. An Act to establish minimum se-
curity standards for Internet of Things de-
vices owned or controlled by the Federal 
Government, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 3589. An Act to award a Congressional 
Gold Medal to Greg LeMond, in recognition 
of his service to the Nation as an athlete, ac-
tivist, role model, and community leader. 
H.R. 4104. An Act to require the Secretary 
of the Treasury to mint a coin in commemo-
ration of the 100th anniversary of the estab-
lishment of the Negro Leagues baseball. 
H.R. 8276. An Act to authorize the Presi-
dent to posthumously award the Medal of 
Honor to Alwyn C. Cashe for acts of valor 
during Operation Iraqi Freedom. 
H.R. 8472. An Act to provide that, due to 
the disruptions caused by COVID–19, applica-
tions for impact aid funding for fiscal year 
2022 may use certain data submitted in the 
fiscal year 2021 application. 
December 5, 2020: 
H.R. 8247. An Act to make certain improve-
ments relating to the transition of individ-
uals to services from the Department of Vet-
erans Affairs, suicide prevention for vet-
erans, and care and services for women vet-
erans, and for other purposes. 
December 11, 2020: 
H.R. 8900. An Act making further con-
tinuing appropriations for fiscal year 2021, 
and for other purposes. 
December 17, 2020: 
H.R. 473. An Act to authorize the Every 
Word We Utter Monument to establish a 
commemorative work in the District of Co-
lumbia and its environs, and for other pur-
poses. 
H.R. 4975. An Act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located 
at 
1201 
Sycamore 
Square 
Drive 
in 
Midlothian, 
Virginia, 
as 
the 
‘‘Dorothy 
Braden Bruce Post Office Building’’. 
H.R. 5062. An Act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located 
at 
9930 
Conroy 
Windermere 
Road 
in 
Windermere, Florida, as the ‘‘Officer Robert 
German Post Office Building’’. 
H.R. 5307. An Act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located 
at 115 Nicol Avenue in Thomasville, Ala-
bama, as the ‘‘Postmaster Robert Ingram 
Post Office’’. 
December 18, 2020: 
H.J. Res. 107. A joint resolution making 
further continuing appropriations for fiscal 
year 2021, and for other purposes. 
December 20, 2020: 
H.J. Res. 110. A joint resolution making 
further continuing appropriations for fiscal 
year 2021, and for other purposes. 
December 21, 2020: 
H.R. 2246. An Act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located 
at 201 West Cherokee Street in Brookhaven, 
Mississippi, as the ‘‘Deputy Donald William 
Durr, Corporal Zach Moak, and Patrolman 
James White Memorial Post Office Build-
ing’’. 
H.R. 2454. An Act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located 
at 123 East Sharpfish Street in Rosebud, 
South Dakota, as the ‘‘Ben Reifel Post Office 
Building’’. 
H.R. 2969. An Act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located 
at 1401 1st Street North in Winter Haven, 
Florida, as the ‘‘Althea Margaret Daily Mills 
Post Office Building’’. 
H.R. 3005. An Act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located -
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:58 Feb 09, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00013
Fmt 8527
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A08FE7.001
H08FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 12-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD—HOUSE
H486 
at 13308 Midland Road in Poway, California, 
as the ‘‘Ray Chavez Post Office Building’’. 
H.R. 3275. An Act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located 
at 340 Wetmore Avenue in Grand River, Ohio, 
as the ‘‘Lance Corporal Andy ‘Ace’ Nowacki 
Post Office’’. 
H.R. 3680. An Act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located 
at 415 North Main Street in Henning, Ten-
nessee, as the ‘‘Paula Croom Robinson and 
Judy Spray Memorial Post Office Building’’. 
H.R. 3847. An Act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located 
at 117 West Poythress Street in Hopewell, 
Virginia, as the ‘‘Reverend Curtis West Har-
ris Post Office Building’’. 
H.R. 3870. An Act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located 
at 511 West 165th Street in New York, New 
York, as the ‘‘Normandia Maldonado Post 
Office Building’’. 
H.R. 4034. An Act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located 
at 602 Pacific Avenue in Bremerton, Wash-
ington, as the ‘‘John Henry Turpin Post Of-
fice Building’’. 
H.R. 4200. An Act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located 
at 321 South 1st Street in Montrose, Colo-
rado, as the ‘‘Sergeant David Kinterknecht 
Post Office’’. 
H.R. 4279. An Act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located 
at 445 Main Street in Laceyville, Pennsyl-
vania, as the ‘‘Melinda Gene Piccotti Post 
Office’’. 
H.R. 4672. An Act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located 
at 
21701 
Stevens 
Creek 
Boulevard 
in 
Cupertino, California, as the ‘‘Petty Officer 
2nd Class (SEAL) Matthew G. Axelson Post 
Office Building’’. 
H.R. 4785. An Act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located 
at 1305 U.S. Highway 90 West in Castroville, 
Texas, as the ‘‘Lance Corporal Rhonald Dain 
Rairdan Post Office’’. 
H.R. 4875. An Act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located 
at 2201 E. Maple Street in North Canton, 
Ohio, as the ‘‘Lance Cpl. Stacy ‘Annie’ Dry-
den Post Office’’. 
H.R. 4971. An Act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located 
at 15 East Market Street in Leesburg, Vir-
ginia, as the ‘‘Norman Duncan Post Office 
Building’’. 
H.R. 5317. An Act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located 
at 315 Addicks Howell Road in Houston, 
Texas, 
as 
the 
‘‘Deputy 
Sandeep 
Singh 
Dhaliwal Post Office Building’’. 
H.R. 5954. An Act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located 
at 108 West Maple Street in Holly, Michigan, 
as the ‘‘Holly Veterans Memorial Post Of-
fice’’. 
December 22, 2020: 
H.R. 1520. An Act making further con-
tinuing appropriations for fiscal year 2021, 
and for other purposes. 
H.R. 1830. An Act to require the Secretary 
of the Treasury to mint coins in commemo-
ration of the National Purple Heart Hall of 
Honor. 
H.R. 3349. An Act to authorize the Daugh-
ters of the Republic of Texas to establish the 
Republic of Texas Legation Memorial as a 
commemorative work in the District of Co-
lumbia, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 4725. An Act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located 
at 8585 Criterion Drive in Colorado Springs, 
Colorado, as the ‘‘Chaplain (Capt.) Dale 
Goetz Memorial Post Office Building’’. 
December 23, 2020: 
H.R. 3465. An Act to authorize the Fallen 
Journalists Memorial Foundation to estab-
lish a commemorative work in the District 
of Columbia and its environs, and for other 
purposes. 
H.R. 4761. An Act to ensure U.S. Customs 
and Border Protection officers, agents, and 
other personnel have adequate synthetic 
opioid detection equipment, that the Depart-
ment of Homeland Security has a process to 
update synthetic opioid detection capability, 
and for other purposes. 
December 27, 2020: 
H.R. 133. An Act making consolidated ap-
propriations for the fiscal year ending Sep-
tember 30, 2021, providing coronavirus emer-
gency response and relief, and for other pur-
poses. 
f 
SENATE BILLS APPROVED BY THE 
PRESIDENT PRIOR TO SINE DIE 
ADJOURNMENT 
The President, prior to sine die ad-
journment of the Second Session, 116th 
Congress, notified the Clerk of the 
House that on the following dates, he 
had approved and signed bills of the 
Senate of the following titles: 
October 1, 2020: 
S. 2193. An Act to require the Adminis-
trator of General Services to issue guidance 
to clarify that Federal agencies may pay by 
charge card for the charging of Federal elec-
tric motor vehicles, and for other purposes. 
S. 3105. An Act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 
456 North Meridian Street in Indianapolis, 
Indiana, as the ‘‘Richard G. Lugar Post Of-
fice’’. 
October 10, 2020: 
S. 227. An Act to direct the Attorney Gen-
eral to review, revise, and develop law en-
forcement and justice protocols appropriate 
to address missing and murdered Indians, 
and for other purposes. 
S. 982. An Act to increase intergovern-
mental coordination to identify and combat 
violent crime within Indian lands and of In-
dians. 
October 13, 2020: 
S. 490. An Act to designate a mountain 
ridge in the State of Montana as ‘‘B–47 
Ridge’’. 
S. 1646. An Act to designate the commu-
nity-based outpatient clinic of the Depart-
ment of Veterans Affairs in St. Augustine, 
Florida, as the ‘‘Leo C. Chase Jr. Depart-
ment of Veterans Affairs Clinic’’. 
S. 4072. An Act to designate the clinic of 
the Department of Veterans Affairs in Bend, 
Oregon, as the ‘‘Robert D. Maxwell Depart-
ment of Veterans Affairs Clinic’’. 
October 17, 2020: 
S. 743. An Act to award a Congressional 
Gold Medal to the soldiers of the 5307th Com-
posite Unit (Provisional), commonly known 
as ‘‘Merrill’s Marauders’’, in recognition of 
their bravery and outstanding service in the 
jungles of Burma during World War II. 
S. 785. An Act to improve mental health 
care provided by the Department of Veterans 
Affairs, and for other purposes. 
S. 2661. An Act to amend the Communica-
tions Act of 1934 to designate 9–8–8 as the 
universal telephone number for the purpose 
of the national suicide prevention and men-
tal health crisis hotline system operating 
through the National Suicide Prevention 
Lifeline and through the Veterans Crisis 
Line, and for other purposes. 
October 20, 2020: 
S. 294. An Act to establish a business incu-
bators program within the Department of 
the Interior to promote economic develop-
ment in Indian reservation communities. 
S. 832. An Act to nullify the Supplemental 
Treaty Between the United States of Amer-
ica and the Confederated Tribes and Bands of 
Indians of Middle Oregon, concluded on No-
vember 15, 1865. 
S. 1321. An Act to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to prohibit interference with 
voting systems under the Computer Fraud 
and Abuse Act. 
October 21, 2020: 
S. 209. An Act to amend the Indian Self-De-
termination and Education Assistance Act 
to provide further self-governance by Indian 
Tribes, and for other purposes. 
S. 881. An Act to improve understanding 
and forecasting of space weather events, and 
for other purposes. 
S. 1380. An Act to amend the Federal Rules 
of Criminal Procedure to remind prosecutors 
of their obligations under Supreme Court 
case law. 
October 30, 2020: 
S. 2330. An Act to amend the Ted Stevens 
Olympic and Amateur Sports Act to provide 
for congressional oversight of the board of 
directors of the United States Olympic and 
Paralympic Committee and to protect ama-
teur athletes from emotional, physical, and 
sexual abuse, and for other purposes. 
S. 2638. An Act to amend title 49, United 
State Code, to require small hub airports to 
construct areas for nursing mothers, and for 
other purposes. 
S. 3051. An Act to improve protections for 
wildlife, and for other purposes. 
S. 3758. An Act to amend the Klamath 
Basin Water Supply Enhancement Act of 2000 
to make certain technical corrections. 
S. 4075. An Act to amend the Public Works 
and Economic Development Act of 1965 to 
provide for the release of certain Federal in-
terests in connection with certain grants 
under that Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 4762. An Act to designate the airport 
traffic control tower located at Piedmont 
Triad International Airport in Greensboro, 
North Carolina, as the ‘‘Senator Kay Hagan 
Airport Traffic Control Tower’’. 
December 3, 2020: 
S. 327. An Act to amend the Federal Lands 
Recreation Enhancement Act to provide for 
a lifetime National Recreational Pass for 
any veteran with a service-connected dis-
ability. 
December 4, 2020: 
S. 3147. An Act to require the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to submit to Congress re-
ports on patient safety and quality of care at 
medical centers of the Department of Vet-
erans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
S. 3587. An Act to require the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to conduct a study on the 
accessibility of websites of the Department 
of Veterans Affairs to individuals with dis-
abilities, and for other purposes. 
December 11, 2020: 
S. 1982. An Act to improve efforts to com-
bat marine debris, and for other purposes. 
S. 4054. An Act to reauthorize the United 
States Grain Standards Act, and for other 
purposes. 
December 18, 2020: 
S. 910. An Act to reauthorize and amend 
the National Sea Grant College Program 
Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 945. An Act to amend the Sarbanes- 
Oxley Act of 2002 to require certain issuers 
to disclose to the Securities and Exchange 
Commission information regarding foreign 
jurisdictions that prevent the Public Com-
pany Accounting Oversight Board from per-
forming inspections under that Act, and for 
other purposes. 
S. 1069. An Act to require the Secretary of 
Commerce, acting through the Adminis-
trator of the National Oceanic and Atmos-
pheric Administration, to establish a con-
stituent-driven program to provide a digital 
information platform capable of efficiently 
integrating coastal data with decision-sup-
port tools, training, and best practices and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:10 Feb 09, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00014
Fmt 8527
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A08FE7.002
H08FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 13-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD—HOUSE
H487 
to support collection of priority coastal 
geospatial data to inform and improve local, 
State, regional, and Federal capacities to 
manage the coastal region, and for other 
purposes. 
December 21, 2020: 
S. 4902. An Act to designate the United 
States courthouse located at 351 South West 
Temple in Salt Lake City, Utah, as the 
‘‘Orrin G. Hatch United States Courthouse’’. 
December 22, 2020: 
S. 134. An Act to amend title 18, United 
States Code, with regard to stalking. 
S. 578. An Act to amend title II of the So-
cial Security Act to eliminate the five- 
month waiting period for disability insur-
ance benefits under such title for individuals 
with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. 
S. 1153. An Act to explicitly make unau-
thorized access to Department of Education 
information technology systems and the 
misuse of identification devices issued by the 
Department of Education a criminal act. 
S. 3703. An Act to amend the Elder Abuse 
Prevention and Prosecution Act to improve 
the prevention of elder abuse and exploi-
tation of individuals with Alzheimer’s dis-
ease and related dementias. 
December 23, 2020: 
S. 199. An Act to provide for the transfer of 
certain Federal land in the State of Min-
nesota for the benefit of the Leech Lake 
Band of Ojibwe. 
S. 1014. An Act to establish the Route 66 
Centennial Commission, and for other pur-
poses. 
S. 2258. An Act to provide anti-retaliation 
protections for antitrust whistleblowers. 
S. 2904. An Act to direct the Director of the 
National Science Foundation to support re-
search on the outputs that may be generated 
by generative adversarial networks, other-
wise known as deepfakes, and other com-
parable techniques that may be developed in 
the future, and for other purposes. 
S. 2981. An Act to reauthorize and amend 
the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-
ministration Commissioned Officer Corps 
Act of 2002, and for other purposes. 
December 30, 2020: 
S. 212. An Act to amend the Native Amer-
ican 
Business 
Development, 
Trade 
Pro-
motion, and Tourism Act of 2000, the Buy In-
dian Act, and the Native American Programs 
Act of 1974 to provide industry and economic 
development opportunities to Indian commu-
nities. 
S. 900. An Act to designate the community- 
based outpatient clinic of the Department of 
Veterans Affairs in Bozeman, Montana, as 
the ‘‘Travis W. Atkins Department of Vet-
erans Affairs Clinic’’. 
S. 2472. An Act to redesignate the NASA 
John H. Glenn Research Center at Plum 
Brook Station, Ohio, as the NASA John H. 
Glenn Research Center at the Neil A. Arm-
strong Test Facility. 
S. 3257. An Act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 
311 West Wisconsin Avenue in Tomahawk, 
Wisconsin, as the ‘‘Einar ‘Sarge’ H. Ingman, 
Jr. Post Office Building’’. 
S. 3461. An Act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 
2600 Wesley Street in Greenville, Texas, as 
the ‘‘Audie Murphy Post Office Building’’. 
S. 3462. An Act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 
909 West Holiday Drive in Fate, Texas, as the 
‘‘Ralph Hall Post Office’’. 
S. 4126. An Act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 
104 East Main Street in Port Washington, 
Wisconsin, as the ‘‘Joseph G. Demler Post 
Office’’. 
S. 4684. An Act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 
440 Arapahoe Street in Thermopolis, Wyo-
ming, as the ‘‘Robert L. Brown Post Office’’. 
S. 5036. An Act to amend the Overtime Pay 
for Protective Services Act of 2016 to extend 
the Secret Service overtime pay exception 
through 2023, and for other purposes. 
December 31, 2020: 
S. 461. An Act to strengthen the capacity 
and competitiveness of historically Black 
colleges and universities through robust pub-
lic-sector, private-sector, and community 
partnerships and engagement, and for other 
purposes. 
S. 914. An Act to reauthorize the Inte-
grated Coastal and Ocean Observation Sys-
tem Act of 2009, to clarify the authority of 
the Administrator of the National Oceanic 
and Atmospheric Administration with re-
spect to post-storm assessments, and to re-
quire the establishment of a National Water 
Center, and for other purposes. 
S. 979. An Act to amend the Post-Katrina 
Emergency Management Reform Act of 2006 
to incorporate the recommendations made 
by the Government Accountability Office re-
lating to advance contracts, and for other 
purposes. 
S. 1130. An Act to amend the Public Health 
Service Act to improve the health of chil-
dren and help better understand and enhance 
awareness about unexpected sudden death in 
early life. 
S. 1342. An Act to require the Under Sec-
retary for Oceans and Atmosphere to update 
periodically the environmental sensitivity 
index products of the National Oceanic and 
Atmospheric Administration for each coastal 
area of the Great Lakes, and for other pur-
poses. 
S. 1694. An Act to require the National Aer-
onautics and Space Administration to add 
recommendations and inform other relevant 
agencies of information relating to the prin-
ciple of due regard and the limitation of 
harmful interference with Apollo landing 
site artifacts, and for other purposes. 
S. 1869. An Act to require the disclosure of 
ownership of high-security space leased to 
accommodate a Federal agency, and for 
other purposes. 
S. 2174. An Act to the extent provided in 
advance in appropriations Act, the Attorney 
General is authorized to use funds appro-
priated for the operationalization, mainte-
nance, and expansion of the National Missing 
and Unidentified Persons System (NamUs) 
for the purpose of carrying out this Act. 
S. 2216. An Act to require the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to formally recognize care-
givers of veterans, notify veterans and care-
givers of clinical determinations relating to 
eligibility for the family caregiver program, 
and temporarily extend benefits for veterans 
who are determined ineligible for the family 
caregiver program, and for other purposes. 
S. 2683. An Act to establish a task force to 
assist States in implementing hiring require-
ments for child care staff members to im-
prove child safety. 
S. 2730. An Act to establish and ensure an 
inclusive and transparent Drone Advisory 
Committee. 
S. 3312. An Act to establish a crisis sta-
bilization and community reentry grant pro-
gram, and for other purposes. 
S. 3989. An Act to amend the United States 
Semiquincentennial Commission Act of 2016 
to modify certain membership and other re-
quirements 
of 
the 
United 
States 
Semiquincentennial Commission, and for 
other purposes. 
January 1, 2021: 
S. 3418. An Act to amend the Robert T. 
Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency As-
sistance Act to allow the Administrator of 
the Federal Emergency Management Agency 
to provide capitalization grants to States to 
establish revolving funds to provide hazard 
mitigation assistance to reduce risks from 
disasters and natural hazards, and other re-
lated environmental harm. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:10 Feb 09, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00015
Fmt 8527
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A08FE7.004
H08FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 14-
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:10 Feb 09, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00016
Fmt 8527
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A08FE7.004
H08FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 15-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD—HOUSE
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
H489 
PROCEEDINGS OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
AFTER SINE DIE ADJOURNMENT OF THE 116TH 
CONGRESS 2D SESSION 
BILLS APPROVED BY THE PRESI-
DENT 
AFTER 
SINE 
DIE 
AD-
JOURNMENT 
The President, after sine die adjourn-
ment of the Second Session, 116th Con-
gress, notified the Clerk of the House 
that on the following dates, he had ap-
proved and signed bills of the following 
titles: 
January 5, 2021: 
H.R. 1240. An Act to preserve United States 
fishing heritage through a national program 
dedicated to training and assisting the next 
generation of commercial fishermen. 
H.R. 1503. An Act to amend the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act regarding the 
list under section 505(j)(7) of the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, and for other 
purposes. 
H.R. 1966. An Act to direct the Comptroller 
General of the United States to complete a 
study on barriers to participation in feder-
ally funded cancer clinical trials by popu-
lations that have been traditionally under-
represented in such trials. 
H.R. 2468. An Act to amend the Public 
Health Service Act to increase the pref-
erence given, in awarding certain allergies 
and asthma-related grants, to States that re-
quire certain public schools to have allergies 
and asthma management programs, and for 
other purposes. 
H.R. 3976. An Act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located 
at 12711 East Jefferson Avenue in Detroit, 
Michigan, as the ‘‘Aretha Franklin Post Of-
fice Building’’. 
H.R. 4031. An Act to amend the Federal 
Water Pollution Control Act to reauthorize 
the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative, and 
for other purposes. 
H.R. 
4356. 
An 
Act 
to 
amend 
the 
Servicemembers Civil Relief Act to allow 
certain individuals to terminate contracts 
for telephone, multichannel video program-
ming, or internet access service, and for 
other purposes. 
H.R. 4983. An Act to designate the Depart-
ment of Veterans Affairs community-based 
outpatient clinic in Gilbert, Arizona, as the 
‘‘Staff Sergeant Alexander W. Conrad Vet-
erans Affairs Health Care Clinic’’. 
H.R. 4988. An Act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located 
at 14 Walnut Street in Bordentown, New Jer-
sey, as the ‘‘Clara Barton Post Office Build-
ing’’. 
H.R. 5023. An Act to name the Department 
of Veterans Affairs community-based out-
patient clinic in Youngstown. Ohio, as the 
‘‘Carl Nunziato VA Clinic’’. 
H.R. 5123. An Act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located 
at 476 East Main Street in Galesburg, Illi-
nois, as the ‘‘Senior Airman Daniel Miller 
Post Office Building’’. 
H.R. 5273. An Act to require the Secretary 
of Homeland Security to develop a plan to 
increase to 100 percent the rates of scanning 
of commercial and passenger vehicles and 
freight rail entering the United States at 
land ports of entry along the border using 
large-scale, nonintrusive inspection systems 
to enhance border security, and for other 
purposes. 
H.R. 5451. An Act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located 
at 599 East Genesse Street in Fayetteville, 
New York, as the ‘‘George H. Bacel Post Of-
fice Building’’. 
H.R. 5458. An Act to modify the boundary 
of the Rocky Mountain National Park, and 
for other purposes. 
H.R. 5459. An Act to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Interior to correct a land own-
ership error within the boundary of Rocky 
Mountain National Park, and for other pur-
poses. 
H.R. 5597. An Act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located 
at 305 Northwest 5th Street in Oklahoma 
City, Oklahoma, as the ‘‘Clara Luper Post 
Office Building’’. 
H.R. 5663. An Act to amend the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to give au-
thority to the Secretary of Health and 
Human Services, acting through the Com-
missioner of Food and Drugs, to destroy 
counterfeit devices. 
H.R. 5852. An Act to redesignate the Weir 
Farm National Historic Site in the State of 
Connecticut as the ‘‘Weir Farm National 
Historical Park’’. 
H.R. 5972. An Act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located 
at 500 Delaware Avenue, Suite 1, in Wil-
mington, Delaware, as the ‘‘Mary Ann Shadd 
Cary Post Office’’. 
H.R. 5983. An Act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located 
at 4150 Chicago Avenue in Riverside, Cali-
fornia, as the ‘‘Woodie Rucker-Hughes Post 
Office Building’’. 
H.R. 6016. An Act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located 
at 14955 West Bell Road in Surprise, Arizona, 
as the ‘‘Marc Lee Memorial Post Office 
Building’’. 
H.R. 6100. An Act to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to clarify the criminalization of 
female genital mutilation, and for other pur-
poses. 
H.R. 6161. An Act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located 
at 
1585 
Yanceyville 
Street, 
Greensboro, 
North Carolina, as the ‘‘J. Howard Coble 
Post Office Building’’. 
H.R. 6192. An Act to require the Secretary 
of the Treasury to honor the 100th anniver-
sary of completion of coinage of the ‘‘Morgan 
Dollar’’ and the 100th anniversary of com-
mencement of coinage of the ‘‘Peace Dollar’’, 
and for other purposes. 
H.R. 6237. An Act to amend the Indian 
Health Care Improvement Act to clarify the 
requirement of the Department of Veterans 
Affairs and the Department of Defense to re-
imburse the Indian Health Service for cer-
tain health care services. 
H.R. 6418. An Act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located 
at 509 Fairhope Avenue in Fairhope, Ala-
bama, as the ‘‘William ‘Jack’ Jackson 
Edwards III Post Office Building’’. 
H.R. 6435. An Act to direct the Federal 
Trade Commission to develop and dissemi-
nate information to the public about scams 
related to COVID–19, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 6535. An Act to deem an urban Indian 
organization and employees thereof to be a 
part of the Public Health Service for the pur-
poses of certain claims for personal injury, 
and for other purposes. 
H.R. 7088. An Act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located 
at 111 James Street in Reidsville, Georgia, as 
the ‘‘Senator Jack Hill Post Office Build-
ing’’. 
H.R. 7105. An Act to provide flexibility for 
the Secretary of Veterans Affairs in caring 
for homeless veterans during a covered pub-
lic health emergency, to direct the Secretary 
of Veterans Affairs to carry out a retraining 
assistance program for unemployed veterans, 
and for other purposes. 
H.R. 7259. An Act to allow acceleration cer-
tificates awarded under the Patents for Hu-
manity Program to be transferable. 
H.R. 7347. An Act to designate the medical 
center of the Department of Veterans Affairs 
in Ann Arbor, Michigan, as the ‘‘Lieutenant 
Colonel Charles S. Kettles Department of 
Veterans Affairs Medical Center’’. 
H.R. 7460. An Act to extend the authority 
for the establishment by the Peace Corps 
Commemorative Foundation of a commemo-
rative work to commemorate the mission of 
the Peace Corps and the ideals on which the 
Peace Corps was founded, and for other pur-
poses. 
H.R. 7502. An Act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located 
at 101 South 16th Street in Clarinda, Iowa, as 
the ‘‘Jessie Field Shambaugh Post Office 
Building’’. 
H.R. 7810. An Act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located 
at 3519 East Walnut Street in Pearland, 
Texas, as the ‘‘Tom Reid Post Office Build-
ing’’. 
H.R. 7898. An Act to amend the Health In-
formation Technology for Economic and 
Clinical Health Act to require the Secretary 
of Health and Human Services to consider 
certain recognized security practices of cov-
ered entities and business associates when 
making certain determinations, and for 
other purposes. 
H.R. 
8354. 
An 
Act 
to 
establish 
the 
Servicemembers 
and 
Veterans 
Initiative 
within the Civil Rights Division of the De-
partment of Justice, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 8611. An Act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located 
at 4755 Southeast Dixie Highway in Port 
Salerno, Florida, as the ‘‘Joseph Bullock 
Post Office Building’’. 
H.R. 8810. An Act to establish a national 
program to identify and reduce losses from 
landslide hazards, to establish a national 3D 
Elevation Program, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 8906. An Act to amend title XXIX of 
the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize 
the program under such title relating to life-
span respite care. 
January 13, 2021: 
H.R. 221. An Act to amend the State De-
partment Basic Authorities Act of 1956 to 
monitor and combat anti-Semitism globally, 
and for other purposes. 
H.R. 1418. An Act to restore the application 
of the Federal antitrust laws to the business 
of health insurance to protect competition 
and consumers. 
H.R. 1472. An Act to rename the Homestead 
National Monument of America near Bea-
trice, Nebraska, as the Homestead National 
Historical Park. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:42 Feb 09, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00017
Fmt 8527
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A08FE7.005
H08FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 16-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD—HOUSE
H490 
H.R. 1492. An Act to update the map of, and 
modify the maximum acreage available for 
inclusion in, the Yucca House National 
Monument. 
H.R. 1923. An Act to amend title 31, United 
States Code, to require the Secretary of the 
Treasury to mint and issue certain circu-
lating collectible coins, and for other pur-
poses. 
H.R. 1925. An Act to designate the Manhat-
tan Campus of the New York Harbor Health 
Care System of the Department of Veterans 
Affairs as the ‘‘Margaret Cochran Corbin 
Campus of the New York Harbor Health Care 
System’’. 
H.R. 2444. An Act to authorize the Sec-
retary of State to make direct loans under 
section 23 of the Arms Export Control Act, 
and for other purposes. 
H.R. 2502. An Act to amend title 40, United 
States Code, to require certain prospectuses 
for public buildings to be made publicly 
available, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 2744. An Act to authorize the Admin-
istrator of the United States Agency for 
International Development to prescribe the 
manner in which programs of the agency are 
identified overseas, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 3153. An Act to direct the Director of 
the National Science Foundation to support 
research on opioid addiction, and for other 
purposes. 
H.R. 3250. An Act to require the Secretary 
of the Interior to conduct a special resource 
study of the sites associated with the life 
and legacy of the noted American philan-
thropist 
and 
business 
executive 
Julius 
Rosenwald, with a special focus on the 
Rosenwald Schools, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 4044. An Act to amend the Federal 
Water Pollution Control Act to reauthorize 
the National Estuary Program, and for other 
purposes. 
H.R. 4508. An Act to expand the number of 
scholarships available to Pakistani women 
under the Merit and Needs-Based Scholar-
ship Program. 
H.R. 4704. An Act to direct the Director of 
the National Science Foundation to support 
multidisciplinary research on the science of 
suicide, and to advance the knowledge and 
understanding of issues that may be associ-
ated with several aspects of suicide including 
intrinsic and extrinsic factors related to 
areas such as wellbeing, resilience, and vul-
nerability. 
H.R. 5126. An Act to require individuals 
fishing for Gulf reef fish to use certain de-
scending devices, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 5472. An Act to redesignate the 
Jimmy Carter National Historic Site as the 
‘‘Jimmy Carter National Historical Park’’. 
SENATE BILLS APPROVED BY THE 
PRESIDENT AFTER SINE DIE AD-
JOURNMENT 
The President, after sine die adjourn-
ment of the Second Session, 116th Con-
gress, notified the Clerk of the House 
that on the following dates, he had ap-
proved and signed bills of the Senate of 
the following titles: 
January 12, 2021: 
S. 4996. An Act to ensure funding of the 
United States trustees, extend temporary 
bankruptcy judgeships, and for other pur-
poses. 
January 13, 2021: 
S. 371. An Act to provide regulatory relief 
to charitable organizations that provide 
housing assistance, and for other purposes. 
S. 1310. An Act to strengthen the participa-
tion of elected national legislators in the ac-
tivities of the Organization of American 
States and reaffirm United States support 
for Organization of American States human 
rights and anti-corruption initiatives, and 
for other purposes. 
S. 5076. An Act to authorize the Sergeant 
at Arms and Doorkeeper of the Senate to 
delegate authority to approve payroll and 
personnel actions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:10 Feb 09, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00018
Fmt 8527
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A08FE7.006
H08FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 17-
Congressional Record
U
N
U
M
E
P
LU
RI
B
U
S
United States
of America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 117th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.
S561 
Vol. 167 
WASHINGTON, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 2021 
No. 23 
Senate 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro 
tempore (Mr. LEAHY). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. 
Lord of life, help us to know You bet-
ter that we may love You more. 
Provide our lawmakers opportunities 
to be guided by Your wisdom and 
strengthened by Your presence. May 
Your presence lead them to a spiritual 
maturity that will honor You. Grant 
that this maturity will inspire them to 
be a part of the solution and not part 
of the problem. Show our Senators 
what they can do to lead our Nation to-
ward a more perfect Union. 
Stay close to us, mighty God, for we 
are Your children. 
We pray in Your merciful Name. 
Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-
lic for which it stands, one nation under God, 
indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The 
Senator from Hawaii. 
Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order 
for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The 
PRESIDING 
OFFICER 
(Ms. 
HIRONO). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time 
is reserved. 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning 
business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will pro-
ceed to executive session to consider 
the following nomination, which the 
clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read the nomi-
nation of Denis Richard McDonough, of 
Maryland, to be Secretary of Veterans 
Affairs. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Iowa. 
1776 COMMISSION 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Madam President, 
in his inaugural address, President 
Biden said his ‘‘whole soul’’ was in the 
cause of ‘‘Bringing America together. 
Uniting our people. And uniting our 
Nation’’—very worthy things to speak 
and especially in an inaugural address. 
He also recognized that Americans 
have serious disagreements. Everyone 
knows that our country is deeply di-
vided politically. I know from his time 
in the Senate that President Biden un-
derstands that people of good will can 
have honest disagreements about pol-
icy. 
So he knows that unity does not 
mean dropping deeply held beliefs and 
accepting his own policy agenda. As he 
said—and I have two quotes here— 
‘‘Every disagreement doesn’t have to 
be a cause of total war’’ and ‘‘Disagree-
ment must not lead to disunion.’’ Real 
unity 
requires 
rediscovering 
what 
binds us together as Americans even 
when we have strongly disagreed politi-
cally. 
As I have often said, our Nation is 
unique in human history in that it was 
founded not on the basis of common 
ethnic identity or loyalty to, let’s say, 
a Monarch but on certain enduring 
principles. Those principles are best ar-
ticulated in the simple but elegant 
words of the Declaration of Independ-
ence. And you all read these regularly, 
I am sure. 
We hold these Truths to be self-evident, 
that all Men are created equal, that they are 
endowed by their Creator with certain 
unalienable Rights, that among these are 
Life, Liberty, and the pursuit of Happiness. 
It is a common commitment to this 
ideal that has bound us together as 
Americans from the beginning. Our pa-
triot forefathers concluded that these 
principles were worth fighting for and 
took up arms in an improbable quest to 
defeat the largest and best trained 
military at that particular time. This 
included many Black patriots who 
fought for American independence—a 
unifying fact that I believe deserves a 
monument on the National Mall, some-
thing that I have been working toward 
for years. 
I want to quote Margaret Thatcher. 
She once observed this. It is a fairly 
long quote, so bear with me. 
Americans and Europeans alike sometimes 
forget how unique is the United States of 
America. No other nation has been created 
so swiftly and successfully. No other nation 
has been built upon an idea—the idea of lib-
erty. No other nation has so successfully 
combined people of different races and na-
tions within a single culture. Both the 
founding fathers of the United States and 
successive waves of immigrants to your 
country were determined to create a new 
identity. Whether in flight from persecution 
or from poverty, the huddled masses have, 
with few exceptions, welcomed American 
values, the American way of life and Amer-
ican opportunities. And America herself has 
bound them to her with powerful bonds of 
patriotism and pride. The European nations 
are not and can never be like this. They are 
the product of history and not of philosophy. 
End of Thatcher’s quote. 
This quote from a British leader is 
one of the best summaries that I have 
read about American exceptionalism. 
The term ‘‘American exceptionalism’’ 
is often misunderstood, perhaps due to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:29 Feb 09, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A08FE6.000
S08FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 18-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S562 
February 8, 2021 
a quirk of the English language. 
Merriam-Webster’s 
dictionary 
gives 
three definitions of ‘‘exceptional″: one, 
‘‘forming an exception,’’ as they give 
an example: ‘‘RARE, an exceptional 
number of rainy days’’; or, two, ‘‘better 
than average: SUPERIOR, exceptional 
skill’’ are the words they expand on 
‘‘average’’; ‘‘deviating from the norm, 
such as having above or below average 
intelligence’’ or physical disability. 
Many people here and abroad assume 
that those who talk about American 
exceptionalism are just using the sec-
ond definition and simply asserting 
that the United States is better than 
any other country, and that is a wrong 
interpretation. 
American exceptionalism is an asser-
tion of the plain fact that America’s 
foundation is very different from that 
of most other nations. However, our 
foundation is increasingly under at-
tack from both the right and the left. 
Both the 1619 Project and White na-
tionalists assert that America’s found-
ing principles are alive and that the 
United States was founded along ethnic 
lines. 
Oddly enough, this was a position 
taken by John C. Calhoun in the U.S. 
Senate when he articulated an alter-
native to the founding principles in-
tended to justify maintaining slavery 
in perpetuity. Fortunately, Abraham 
Lincoln, who revered the Declaration 
of Independence, prevailed. 
The notion that our founding prin-
ciples are a lie isn’t just bad history; it 
breaks the bonds that unite Americans 
of all backgrounds. 
The 1776 Commission was established 
specifically to ‘‘enable a rising genera-
tion to understand the history and 
principles of the founding of the United 
States in 1776 and to strive to perform 
a more perfect Union.’’ 
The introduction to ‘‘The 1776 Re-
port’’ states that ‘‘a rediscovery of our 
shared identity rooted in our founding 
principles is the path to a renewed 
American unity and a confident Amer-
ican future.’’ 
I could not agree more. That is why 
I was disappointed to see President 
Biden terminate this commission the 
same day he took office after making 
his call for unity. The call to unity is 
exactly what the President asked for in 
his inaugural address. 
What specifically in that 1776 Com-
mission document does President Biden 
disagree with? Yes, the report is crit-
ical of far-left efforts to denigrate our 
founding principles, but it is also an 
important corrective to the alt-right 
effort to import European-style ethno- 
nationalism, which is also deeply un- 
American in every sense. 
‘‘The 1776 Report’’ calls for ‘‘a res-
toration of American education, which 
can only be grounded on a history of 
those principles that is ‘accurate, hon-
est, unifying, inspiring, and enno-
bling.’ ’’ 
By contrast, California has proposed 
an ethnic study curriculum that is 
rooted in the fundamental divisive ten-
ants of critical race theory, with its 
focus on separate groups of Americans 
into different degrees of oppressor and 
oppressed. 
Interestingly, despite the California 
curriculum’s focus on victims of preju-
dice, discussion of anti-Semitism is 
omitted in favor of criticism of Israel. 
This curriculum also totally skips over 
the life and work of Dr. Martin Luther 
King, Jr. Remember his dream? I quote 
that statement that he made: 
It is a dream deeply rooted in the Amer-
ican dream. I have a dream that one day this 
nation will rise up and live out the true 
meaning of its creed: ‘‘We hold these truths 
to be self-evident, that all men are created 
equal.’’ 
Now, that is a very unifying state-
ment. I encourage all Americans to 
read ‘‘The 1776 Report’’ for yourself. 
See if you don’t agree with the central 
message that shared attachment to our 
timeless founding principles is what 
binds us as a nation. It is no longer 
available on the main White House 
website, but it can still be found on the 
Trump 
administration’s 
archived 
website. It is also available on the 
Hillsdale College website. 
RUSSIA 
Madam President, I have other short 
remarks that I want to make on an-
other subject. 
Twelve years ago this past Sunday, 
then-Vice President Biden was in Mu-
nich, Germany, to deliver the Obama 
administration’s first major foreign 
policy speech to world leaders. He said: 
It is time to press the reset button and to 
revisit the many areas where we can and 
should be working together with Russia. 
The premise was that the Bush ad-
ministration had been too tough on 
Russia, and a more conciliatory ap-
proach was needed. 
Beyond the rhetoric, this involved 
abruptly scrapping planned missile de-
fense cooperation with our allies, the 
Czechs and Poles, on the anniversary of 
the Soviet invasion of Poland. Keep in 
mind, this was 6 months after Russia 
had invaded and occupied territory of 
our ally, the Republic of Georgia, an 
occupation that is still ongoing this 
very day. That all happened a year 
after the publication of the book enti-
tled ‘‘The New Cold War,’’ by Edward 
Lucas, detailing the dangerous nature 
of the Putin regime. 
The Russia reset was not just a fail-
ure; the reset was ill-conceived and 
counterproductive 
from 
the 
start. 
Putin’s Russia, like the Soviet Union 
before it, only understands strength. 
Unilateral concessions actually en-
couraged further aggression, like we 
saw and still see with Ukraine. 
I appreciate now-President Biden’s 
more recent tough talk on Russia. I 
like his rhetoric better than many 
things that President Trump said. 
However, I like Trump’s actions, like 
sanctions against the Nord Stream 
Pipeline, arming and training the 
Ukrainian military, and partnering 
with our frontline allies. 
The Biden administration no longer 
talks of a Russian reset, but it has al-
ready announced the extension of the 
one legacy of the reset policy. The New 
START Treaty with Russia gutted im-
portant monitoring and verification 
measures that were included in the 
predecessor agreement. 
President Reagan famously quoted a 
Russian proverb, ‘‘Trust, but verify,’’ 
when he was negotiating with Mikhail 
Gorbachev. New START cut out the 
‘‘verify’’ part, leaving only ‘‘trust.’’ 
But surely we have all learned by now 
that we cannot trust Vladimir Putin. 
He has been caught redhanded vio-
lating other arms control treaties. So, 
as recently happened, extending the 
New START treaty without trying to 
improve it is a missed opportunity. 
I hope that President Biden’s future 
actions more closely match his words, 
and he scraps all vestiges of the Obama 
Russian reset policy that he announced 
12 years ago this weekend. 
I yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The 
PRESIDING 
OFFICER. 
The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President pro 
tempore, I ask unanimous consent that 
the order for the quorum call be re-
scinded. 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. With-
out objection, it is so ordered. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The 
majority leader is recognized. 
NOMINATION OF DENIS RICHARD MCDONOUGH 
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, the 
Senate is steadily confirming members 
of President Biden’s Cabinet and other 
key administration officials. In a few 
hours, we will add one more to the list 
when 
the 
Senate 
confirms 
Denis 
McDonough to serve as Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs. 
Under 
President 
Obama, 
Mr. 
McDonough was a member of the Na-
tional Security Council and the White 
House Chief of Staff. He was a regular 
face at Walter Reed and a frequent vis-
itor of our troops deployed abroad. 
The VA has one of the most sacred 
missions of all our Agencies, deriving 
its motto from President Lincoln’s sec-
ond inaugural address: 
To care for those who shall have borne the 
battle. 
But the task of achieving that mis-
sion is one of organization, institu-
tional know-how, and administrative 
troubleshooting. I am confident that 
Mr. McDonough’s decades of experience 
at the highest levels of government 
make him well qualified to take on the 
job. 
Even as Senators prepare this week 
to sit as a Court of Impeachment, the 
Senate will continue its work on other 
responsibilities. Committees will con-
tinue to process nominations, includ-
ing the nominees to lead the EPA, De-
partment of Commerce, Department of 
Labor, and the Office of Management 
and Budget. At the same time, commit-
tees will continue the pressing work of 
addressing the COVID crisis. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:29 Feb 09, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G08FE6.009
S08FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 19-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S563 
February 8, 2021 
Last week, in the early hours of Fri-
day morning, the Senate passed a budg-
et resolution that will pave the way for 
President Biden’s American Rescue 
Plan. As promised, the Senate held an 
open, bipartisan, and vigorous amend-
ment 
process. 
Several 
bipartisan 
amendments passed with overwhelming 
majorities and were added to the reso-
lution. The fact that the debate went 
all night and only concluded at around 
5:30 in the morning is a testament to 
the vigor of the amendment process, 
which, again, I note, was bipartisan. 
The first amendment, in fact—a very 
important one by the Senator from Ar-
izona, Ms. SINEMA, and the Senator 
from Mississippi, Mr. WICKER—helped 
our restaurant industry, and it was bi-
partisan. 
Now, our Senate committees have in-
structions to begin crafting legislation 
to rescue our country from COVID–19; 
to speed vaccination distribution; pro-
vide a lifeline to small businesses; help 
schools reopen safely; save the jobs of 
teachers, firefighters, and other public 
employees; and support every Amer-
ican who is struggling to put food on 
the table and keep a roof over their 
heads. 
This important, historic work will 
give hundreds of millions of Americans 
the relief they need while getting our 
country back to normal as quickly as 
possible. 
IMPEACHMENT 
Mr. President, now, on impeachment, 
tomorrow, the second impeachment 
trial of Donald J. Trump will com-
mence, only the fourth trial of a Presi-
dent or former President in American 
history and the first trial for any pub-
lic official who has been impeached 
twice. 
For the information of the Senate, 
the Republican leader and I, in con-
sultation with both the House man-
agers and former-President Trump’s 
lawyers, have agreed to a bipartisan 
resolution to govern the structure and 
timing of the impending trial. Let me 
say that again. All parties have agreed 
to a structure that will ensure a fair 
and honest Senate impeachment trial 
of the former President. 
Each side will have ample time to 
make their arguments: 16 hours over 2 
days for the House managers, the same 
for the former President’s counsel. If 
managers decide they want witnesses, 
there will be a vote on that, which is 
the option they requested in regard to 
witnesses. 
The trial will also accommodate a re-
quest from the former President’s 
counsel to pause the trial during the 
Sabbath. The trial will break on Friday 
afternoon before sundown and will not 
resume until Sunday afternoon. 
As in previous trials, there will be 
equal time for Senators’ questions and 
for closing arguments and an oppor-
tunity for the Senate to hold delibera-
tions, if it so chooses. 
And then we will vote on the Article 
of Impeachment. If the former Presi-
dent is convicted, we will proceed to a 
vote on whether he is qualified to enjoy 
any office of honor, trust, or profit 
under the United States. 
The structure we have agreed to is 
eminently fair. It will allow for the 
trial to achieve its purpose: truth and 
accountability. That is what trials are 
designed to do: to arrive at the truth of 
the matter and render a verdict. And 
following the despicable attack on Jan-
uary 6, there must be truth and ac-
countability if we are going to move 
forward, heal, and bring our country 
together once again. Sweeping some-
thing as momentous as this under the 
rug brings no healing whatsoever. Let’s 
be clear about that. 
Now, as the trial begins, the forces 
aligned with the former President are 
preparing to argue that the trial itself 
is unconstitutional because Donald 
Trump is no longer in office, relying on 
a fringe legal theory that has been 
roundly debunked by constitutional 
scholars from across the political spec-
trum. 
Just yesterday, another very promi-
nent, conservative, Republican con-
stitutional 
lawyer, 
Chuck 
Cooper, 
wrote in the Wall Street Journal that 
Republicans are dead wrong if they 
think an impeachment trial of a former 
President is unconstitutional. 
Here is what he wrote: 
Given that the Constitution permits the 
Senate to impose the penalty of permanent 
disqualification only on former officeholders, 
it defies logic to suggest that the Senate is 
prohibited 
from 
trying 
and 
convicting 
former officeholders. The Senators who sup-
ported Mr. Paul’s motion should reconsider 
their view and judge the former president’s 
misconduct on the merits. 
That is no liberal. That is Chuck 
Cooper, 
a 
lawyer 
who 
represented 
House Republicans in a lawsuit against 
Speaker PELOSI, a former adviser to 
Senator CRUZ’s Presidential campaign, 
driving a stake into the central argu-
ment we are going to hear from the 
former President’s counsel. 
Now, I understand why this fringe 
constitutional theory is being ad-
vanced. For the past few weeks, the po-
litical right has been searching for a 
safe harbor, a way to oppose the con-
viction of Donald Trump without pass-
ing judgment on his conduct; to avoid 
alienating the former President’s sup-
porters without condoning his, obvi-
ously, despicable, unpatriotic, undemo-
cratic behavior. But the truth is no 
such safe harbor exists. The trial is 
clearly constitutional by every frame 
of analysis—by constitutional text, 
historical practice, Senate precedent, 
and basic common sense. 
Presidents cannot simply resign to 
avoid accountability for an impeach-
able offense nor can they escape judg-
ment by waiting until their final few 
weeks in office to betray our country. 
The impeachment powers assigned to 
the Congress by the Constitution can-
not be defeated by a President who de-
cides to run away or trashes our de-
mocracy on the way out the door. This 
trial will confirm that fact. 
The merits of the case against the 
former President will be presented, and 
the former President’s counsel will 
mount a defense. Ultimately, Senators 
will decide on the one true question at 
stake in this trial: Is Donald Trump 
guilty of inciting a violent mob against 
the United States, a mob whose pur-
pose was to interfere with the constitu-
tional process of counting electoral 
votes and ensuring a peaceful transfer 
of power? And, if he is guilty, does 
someone who would commit such a 
high crime against his own country de-
serve to hold any office of honor or 
trust ever again? 
Consistent with the solemn oath we 
have all taken to ‘‘do impartial justice 
according to the Constitution and 
laws’’ of the United States, that is the 
question every Senator must answer in 
this trial. 
I yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. MCCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the order 
for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The 
PRESIDING 
OFFICER 
(Ms. 
DUCKWORTH). Without objection, it is 
so ordered. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER 
The Republican leader is recognized. 
Mr. MCCONNELL. Madam President, 
first, briefly, I am pleased that Leader 
SCHUMER and I were able to reach an 
agreement on a fair process and esti-
mated timeline for the upcoming Sen-
ate trial. 
This structure has been approved by 
both former President Trump’s legal 
team and the House managers because 
it preserves due process and the rights 
of both sides. It will give Senators, as 
jurors, ample time to review the case 
and the arguments that each side will 
present. 
REMEMBERING GEORGE SHULTZ 
Madam President, on a completely 
different matter, on Saturday, we lost 
a great statesman and scholar who 
gave more than 80 of his 100 years to 
his country. 
George Shultz’s service began in the 
U.S. Marine Corps. From the beaches of 
Palau, he was among the Americans 
who helped retake the Pacific from 
Japan. Back home, he earned a Ph.D. 
in economics. He taught at MIT and 
would later helm the University of Chi-
cago’s Graduate Business School. But 
public service beckoned, and George 
Shultz began a decades-long run of 
ping-ponging prolifically between aca-
demia and top government posts. 
The first of three Presidents who 
would benefit from his expert counsel, 
Dwight Eisenhower, hired him as a sen-
ior staff economist back in 1955. A dec-
ade and a half later, he was back, this 
time as President Nixon’s Secretary of 
Labor, where he worked on desegrega-
tion and, later, as OMB Director. Then, 
at a pivotal moment for the U.S. and 
world economies, George Shultz was 
tapped to lead the Treasury Depart-
ment. He fought inflation and worked 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:12 Feb 09, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G08FE6.006
S08FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 20-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S564 
February 8, 2021 
to modernize our monetary policy so 
American leaders could control Amer-
ica’s destiny. 
After an interlude in the private sec-
tor, Secretary Shultz’s country came 
calling again. He spent 61⁄2 of President 
Reagan’s 8 years as Secretary of State. 
He helped steer the smart and strong 
foreign policy that clinched the free 
world’s victory over the Soviet Union, 
but even as the Reagan administration 
nudged communism into a box canyon, 
this top diplomat’s master touch was 
vital in making sure that tensions did 
not rise too high. 
As amazing as it sounds, this impres-
sive 
resume 
doesn’t 
fully 
explain 
George Shultz’s incredible reputation. 
It wasn’t just all he did. It was how he 
did it. He led with thoughtfulness, fair-
ness, and, above all, integrity. He lived 
by the maxim he shared in his centen-
nial reflection just a few weeks ago. 
Here is what he said: 
Trust is the coin of the realm. 
His honesty and thoughtfulness won 
wide admiration that transcended poli-
tics. He won the trust of career dip-
lomats and State Department staff, in-
cluding those who did not naturally 
lean to the Reagan right. 
Famously, when new Ambassadors 
met with him on their way abroad, the 
Secretary would spin a globe and ask 
them to point out ‘‘their country.’’ The 
unlucky ones who fell for the trap and 
pointed to their foreign destinations 
were swiftly corrected. ‘‘No,’’ he said. 
‘‘Your country is always America.’’ 
At the McConnell Center at the Uni-
versity of Louisville, we host a distin-
guished speaker series. George Shultz 
honored us as our very first ever distin-
guished speaker back in 1993, and he 
kept right on writing and speaking and 
mentoring young people up until just a 
few weeks ago. 
America was his country, all right. 
He loved it deeply and served it always. 
The Senate’s prayers are with the 
Shultz family and all the friends and 
colleagues he leaves behind, a truly re-
markable life. 
CORONAVIRUS 
Madam President, in 2020, a Repub-
lican Senate and a Republican adminis-
tration led five historic pandemic res-
cue packages on a completely bipar-
tisan basis. 
We marshaled the largest Federal re-
sponse to any crisis since World War 
II—about $4 trillion across five bills— 
all of it completely bipartisan, but now 
Washington 
Democrats 
have 
other 
ideas. Even though we are still pushing 
out $900 billion in relief that Congress 
passed less than 2 months ago, even 
though a group of Senate Republicans 
met with President Biden to discuss bi-
partisan avenues for hundreds of bil-
lions of dollars more, Washington 
Democrats have decided they want to 
go it alone. 
It was last March—remember?—when 
a senior House Democrat called this 
disaster a ‘‘tremendous opportunity to 
restructure things to fit our vision.’’ 
Americans are suffering, but their side 
seems to see an opportunity to ram 
through ideological change. That is the 
impulse behind the Democrats’ latest 
$1.9 trillion proposal. Their plan for 
more massive borrowing puts leftwing 
myths ahead of the scientific evidence 
and the Nation’s urgent needs. While 
the Biden administration’s own sci-
entists say schools could reopen safely 
right now with smart and simple pre-
cautions, their proposal buys into the 
myth from Big Labor that schools 
should stay shut a whole lot longer. 
While Republicans want to save as 
many jobs as possible, Washington 
Democrats are backing Senator SAND-
ERS’ demand to more than double the 
minimum 
wage. 
The 
Congressional 
Budget Office says this would kill 1.4 
million American jobs. Nonpartisan ex-
perts say it would send more people to 
the unemployment line than it would 
lift out of poverty. But remember, this 
is all about liberal dreams, not urgent 
needs. 
Some Democrats even want to break 
Senate rules to jam this through. Last 
week, the Senate had a 14-hour voting 
marathon 
on 
amendments 
to 
the 
phony, partisan budget that Democrats 
jammed through as a procedural first 
step. We got Senators on the record on 
a host of questions that matter to 
American families. Sadly, the Demo-
crats blocked our efforts to say that, at 
the very least, school districts where 
teachers have been vaccinated cer-
tainly need to reopen, to press States 
to accurately report nursing home 
deaths, to protect the free exercise of 
religion, and several more. 
Other amendments divided Demo-
crats and were adopted. For example, 
over some Democrats’ objections, the 
Senate said that illegal immigrants 
should not receive stimulus checks, 
that the Keystone XL Pipeline should 
not be canceled, and that our govern-
ment 
should 
not 
declare 
war 
on 
fracking. But, amazingly enough, at 
the end of the night, the very same 
Senate Democrats who had sought to 
appear moderate by supporting those 
three things turned around and voted 
in lockstep to strip them all out again. 
Our colleagues who said they sup-
ported these changes voted to strip 
them right back out at the end of the 
evening. That is about as Washington, 
DC, as it gets. 
For the sake of America’s kids, 
American 
jobs, 
Americans’ 
health, 
Democrats should put the political 
games aside and resume the same kinds 
of bipartisan talks they demanded con-
stantly all of last year. American fami-
lies deserve a process and a bill that 
put their actual needs at the center. 
BURMA 
Now, Madam President, on one final 
matter, over the weekend, hundreds of 
thousands of protesters stood up across 
Burma in defiance of the military 
coup. 
For a week now, the military has de-
tained hundreds of civil society leaders 
and democratically elected officials, 
some on mysterious or obviously spe-
cious charges and others without any 
charge at all. Their actions were ille-
gitimate right from the start, and the 
treatment of these political prisoners 
is showing the world the military re-
gime’s disdain for the rule of law. 
In the face of this tyranny and with 
the memory of how brutally the mili-
tary has dealt with protesters in the 
past, the public unity of so many of 
Burma’s people is a powerful display of 
courage. In far-flung cities and towns, 
members of the country’s diverse eth-
nic groups, from the Burman majority 
to the Shan and Rohingya minorities, 
have rallied around the democratically 
elected government. They are demand-
ing justice and an end to military rule. 
I have been encouraged over the past 
week by the diplomatic efforts under-
taken by the administration to dem-
onstrate the U.S. condemnation of the 
military’s flagrant assault on political 
rights. Today, it is time to follow up 
with meaningful costs on those who aid 
and abet the suffocation of Burmese de-
mocracy. 
The people of Burma in the streets 
today are putting their lives on the 
line. As one protestor told the New 
York Times over the weekend, ‘‘I don’t 
care if they shoot because under the 
military, our lives will be dead any-
way.’’ 
Today, these protestors are joining in 
the same refrain heard repeatedly in 
places like Hong Kong, where demo-
cratic progress is too often met with 
jackboots. They are standing up for 
basic freedoms, and they are paying 
close attention to who will stand with 
them. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The 
PRESIDING 
OFFICER. 
The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mrs. FISCHER. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order 
for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
NEW START TREATY 
Mrs. FISCHER. Madam President, I 
come to the floor today to discuss the 
administration’s decision to extend the 
New START treaty by 5 years. 
Supporters hailed the move, with the 
New York Times reporting that the 
President’s decision ‘‘avoided a re-
newed arms race.’’ Meanwhile, critics, 
who believed the question of extension 
had given the United States leverage to 
extract concessions from Russia, as 
well as China, described the move as a 
wasted opportunity and a giveaway to 
Putin. 
As the last bilateral arms control 
agreement between the United States 
and Russia, perhaps it shouldn’t be sur-
prising that the debate over extending 
New START took on outsized impor-
tance, with parties on both sides seeing 
it as the vehicle to accomplish all of 
their goals. Now, with the extension 
decided, it comes with an opportunity 
to regain our perspective and consider 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:29 Feb 09, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00004
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G08FE6.008
S08FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 21-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S565 
February 8, 2021 
the way forward. This begins with a 
clearer understanding of what the New 
START treaty accomplishes and what 
it doesn’t. 
To begin with, the New START trea-
ty is not a panacea, and extending the 
agreement does not prevent an arms 
race with just the stroke of a pen; nor 
is it an unfair agreement that locks in 
Russian advantages. It is simply an 
agreement between the United States 
and Russia to limit some but not all of 
the categories of nuclear arms. China 
is not a party to this agreement. 
As critics have pointed out, the trea-
ty’s counting rules obscure the true 
number of deployed nuclear weapons, 
and it has not prevented Russia’s build-
up of other kinds of nuclear arms not 
covered by its limits. Some have de-
scribed these as ‘‘loopholes’’ for Russia, 
but they are well-known limitations 
that also apply equally to both sides. 
Since the treaty was signed, the 
United States has chosen not to invest 
in new nuclear weapons outside of the 
treaty’s limits. Well, Russia has done 
the opposite, and they continue to ex-
pand their nuclear arsenal. I disagree 
with my colleagues who see that as a 
failure of the treaty. It is a failure in 
the 
Russian 
Government 
for 
con-
tinuing to build up its nuclear arsenal 
instead of matching our restraint and 
lowering those tensions. 
But it would also be a failure on our 
part if we had assumed Russia would 
refrain from building these systems out 
of the goodness of their heart. Indeed, 
Russia’s 
behavior 
since 
the 
New 
START treaty was signed reminds us 
that it continues to seek a competitive 
advantage, and in order to achieve its 
goals, it will go around the limits, as it 
has done with the New START treaty, 
or it will go straight through them, as 
it did with the INF Treaty. 
So Russia’s nuclear capabilities con-
tinue to expand, as does China’s build-
up of nuclear arms. That New START 
hasn’t prevented these from occurring 
reflects the fact that the New START 
treaty simply does not account for the 
full spectrum of nuclear challenges, 
and thus, with the agreement to extend 
the treaty in place, serious threats still 
remain that really demand our atten-
tion. 
The growth of both Russia’s and Chi-
na’s arsenals must be addressed. Some 
have called for the Biden administra-
tion to immediately pursue talks to 
this end. 
While hurrying to convene another 
diplomatic summit may have a reas-
suring appearance to some, diplomacy 
is not an end unto itself. It is a means 
to an end. 
It is important to remember that ne-
gotiating limits on Russia’s tactical 
weapons and bringing China into the 
arms control process have long been 
U.S. diplomatic objectives. Indeed, the 
Obama-Biden 
administration 
sought 
these goals, as did the Trump adminis-
tration, which deserves credit for ele-
vating them to the highest levels. How-
ever, the consistent refusal of both 
Russia and China to engage in serious 
talks demonstrates that neither nation 
feels sufficient incentive to negotiate. 
New attempts at negotiations without 
addressing this wouldn’t achieve a dif-
ferent result. 
In truth, what is needed isn’t another 
conference in a European capital; it is 
a serious effort here at home to create 
incentives for both Russia and China to 
halt their nuclear buildups and to have 
them choose a different path. 
Congress 
and 
the 
administration 
should work together to strengthen the 
hands of our negotiators. To that end, 
we can start by rejecting calls being 
made by some advocates to cut our nu-
clear forces unilaterally or allow them 
to age into obsolescence by delaying 
their 
much 
needed 
modernization. 
These calls are not new; however, our 
senior military leaders have consist-
ently advised against such courses of 
action, and the past two administra-
tions have rejected them as well. They 
should be rejected again. 
As most in this Chamber know, our 
nuclear forces have aged far beyond 
their designed lifetime. After delaying 
and deferring the modernization of our 
nuclear forces for decades, we are now 
at an inflection point. As Admiral 
Richard, the current STRATCOM com-
mander, testified last year, ‘‘Many of 
the modernization and sustainment ef-
forts necessary to ensure the deter-
rent’s viability have zero schedule mar-
gin and are late-to-need.’’ 
His point is clear. Further delay will 
result in capabilities aging-out with no 
replacements available. Our nuclear 
deterrent would literally wither on the 
vine. This would have a number of dis-
astrous consequences for our security 
at a time when nuclear threats are 
growing, and it would also dramati-
cally undermine future diplomatic ef-
forts to negotiate limits with Russia 
and China on their arsenals. After all, 
why would either nation agree to new 
rounds of arms reductions if they knew 
that the United States was cutting its 
forces anyway, regardless of whether 
they agreed to do likewise? 
We must keep this in mind when we 
hear calls to dismantle the triad or 
cancel our modernization programs. 
Doing so would make our country less 
safe by cutting the forces needed to 
deter aggression, and it would make 
the world less safe by ensuring that the 
United States is never in a position 
again to push for real reductions to 
Russian and Chinese nuclear forces. 
Instead of reducing incentives for 
Russia and China to negotiate, Con-
gress and the administration should 
work together to strengthen them and 
set the conditions for successful diplo-
matic efforts in the future. 
Thank you, Madam President. 
I yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The 
PRESIDING 
OFFICER. 
The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the order 
for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
NOMINATION OF DENIS RICHARD MCDONOUGH 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Madam President, 
today I rise in support of my friend and 
fellow Minnesotan, Denis McDonough, 
as President Biden’s nominee for Sec-
retary of Veterans Affairs. And no one 
knows but you, the Senator from Illi-
nois, Madam President, about how im-
portant this job is for our veterans. 
Denis grew up in Stillwater, MN, 
which is right near the Wisconsin bor-
der. He is a grandson of Irish immi-
grants, the son of devout Catholic par-
ents, and brother to 10 siblings. He at-
tended 
St. 
John’s 
College 
in 
Collegeville, MN, and in addition to 
graduating 
summa 
cum 
laude, 
he 
played safety on the very proud cham-
pionship St. John’s football team. 
I have been privileged to call Denis a 
friend for years, and I know he will 
serve our country well as the Secretary 
of Veterans Affairs. As he has done his 
whole life, he will honor the promises 
our country has made to our veterans 
and their families. 
Denis’s commitment to our Nation’s 
veterans was clear during his time as 
President 
Obama’s 
Chief 
of 
Staff, 
where he made sure that every decision 
impacting our servicemembers, vet-
erans, and their families was befitting 
of their sacrifices. Showing respect and 
gratitude for our Nation’s veterans is 
not something Denis just prioritizes; it 
is a value for him. 
As we know from his time as Presi-
dent Obama’s Chief of Staff, he is an 
adept manager who understands how to 
tackle complex challenges throughout 
our government, which will be vital for 
the next Secretary. 
As we also know, the VA is facing a 
number of challenges, from helping 
veterans to stay safe during the pan-
demic to improving the quality of care 
for veterans around the country. These 
are not simple problems, and these are 
not simple challenges, and they will re-
quire, as you have shown, Madam 
President, true leadership and vision, 
which has been, again, the hallmark of 
Denis’s time in public service. 
I also know that he will work tire-
lessly to find bipartisan solutions, and 
I think you see that from the support 
that he has gotten throughout the 
country as well as on the Veterans’ Af-
fairs Committee, where I was honored 
to introduce him when he started on 
this journey of Senate approval, and it 
has never been more important than 
ever to unite our country and get that 
kind of support. So much of our work 
with our veterans is about keeping our 
promises and showing respect, not just 
in words but in actions. 
What other Senators who don’t know 
Denis as well or are new to Wash-
ington—what they may see as time 
goes on, they will see the qualities of 
honor and loyalty in Denis’s commit-
ment to his family, which also includes 
his family in Minnesota. I know this 
firsthand. He has so many relatives 
that you can’t go anywhere without 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:29 Feb 09, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00005
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G08FE6.011
S08FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 22-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S566 
February 8, 2021 
running into some McDonough. You 
see it in how he has treated everyone 
he has worked with, when he worked in 
the Senate, when he worked as Presi-
dent Obama’s Chief of Staff. I also will 
assure my fellow Senators that he will 
listen to Senators. He will have respect 
for the people who work here. You see 
it every day in how he always puts his 
country first. 
During 
his 
distinguished 
career, 
Denis has approached each and every 
job with the spirit of respect, honesty, 
collaboration, and a willingness to 
make himself accessible to his col-
leagues and his team. He is deeply com-
mitted to supporting the workforce at 
the VA. 
I want our veterans to know he will 
do two things so well: He will listen, 
and he will get things done for you. 
One of my favorite stories about 
Denis involves this—listening and then 
getting things done. We were having a 
lot of trouble up in northern Minnesota 
with the iron ore mines closing down, 
as you all remember, kind of coming 
out of the downturn. It never really 
bounced back. Then we had the steel 
dumping going on from China and 
other countries, the illegal steel dump-
ing, and that really spread through the 
country and led to the closure of many 
of our mines. 
We tried to introduce legislation, and 
finally I asked Denis to come up to 
northern Minnesota, since he was from 
our State, as President Obama’s Chief 
of Staff and sit down with a bunch of 
mayors from northern Minnesota, from 
Minnesota’s Iron Range, with workers 
and with mine owners. 
There was this long, long table, and 
nearly everyone had spoken. Near the 
end, a miner named Dan Hill was the 
last to go, and he said: Well, every-
thing has been said, so I will just tell 
this story. He said that he was out of 
work, and he said that his son had just 
graduated from preschool. The teacher 
asked them at the graduation: What do 
you want to do when you grow up? The 
kids were saying all kinds of things— 
that they wanted to play basketball or 
they were going to fly an airplane and 
all kinds of cool things—and Denis’s 
son looked at the teacher and said: I 
want to be a miner like my daddy. 
At that moment, Dan Hill took this 
steelworker T-shirt that he had in his 
hand and he threw it across the whole 
long table. And I remember sitting 
next to Denis thinking, you were a 
football player; catch the T-shirt. And 
he caught the T-shirt. 
Dan Hill said: 
Mr. McDonough, make it come true. Make 
it come true. 
Denis listened, but then he acted. He 
went back to Washington and he didn’t 
just ignite a fire under the Commerce 
Department to get them to do even 
more work than they were already 
doing on enforcing tariffs and going 
after this illegal dumping and bringing 
things to the International Trade Com-
mission, he also looked at other agen-
cies, and he helped us, along with 
SHERROD BROWN and so many others, to 
pass legislation that made a difference. 
All of this happened, and Dan Hill 
got his job back. Then I invited Dan 
Hill to come to one of the last State of 
the Unions for President Obama, and 
Denis invited Dan Hill to the White 
House, and Dan Hill got to meet prac-
tically everyone surrounding the Presi-
dent. 
That is Denis McDonough. He lis-
tened, but he didn’t just say ‘‘Oh, I got 
there. I went. We will try our best’’; he 
actually followed through the minutia 
of government to get things done. 
I am going to end with the words of 
a poet whom President Biden happens 
to love. Given Denis’s Irish roots, I 
can’t think of a better person to quote 
from today, and it is Mr. Heaney, who 
once wrote: ‘‘Anyone with gumption 
and a sharp mind will take the measure 
of two things: what’s said and what’s 
done.’’ 
So Denis will not just say words to 
the veterans of this country; as your 
Secretary, he will get things done. 
With that, I ask my colleagues to 
support 
the 
nomination 
of 
Denis 
McDonough as Secretary of Veterans 
Affairs. 
I yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The 
PRESIDING 
OFFICER. 
The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order 
for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
IMPEACHMENT 
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, it 
has been more than a month since a 
violent mob stormed this building and 
attempted to disrupt the congressional 
certification of Presidential electors— 
the vote of those electors. Rather than 
a peaceful transition of power, some of 
the mob turned their grievances into 
violent action. But, again, that is the 
problem with mobs. No matter what 
the intentions were of those who were 
simply exercising their rights to free 
speech and free assembly, mobs invari-
ably degenerate into the lowest com-
mon denominator. 
That element of the mob assaulted 
police officers, destroyed property, and 
trespassed in the halls of the U.S. Cap-
itol. Some roamed these halls in search 
of Members of Congress against whom 
they actually threatened harm. And if 
not for the heroism of the men and 
women of the Capitol Police, the 
human cost would have likely been 
higher. 
The criminal acts of the mob were 
disgraceful and indefensible. Regard-
less of party or politics, there should 
be no disagreement on that most basic 
point. The people making up this mob 
came to Washington with the idea that 
the results of the 2020 election were not 
final. President Trump fed that fantasy 
by repeatedly claiming the election 
was stolen, even after he had exhausted 
all of his legal remedies in dozens and 
dozens of lawsuits. The President’s ac-
tions were reckless. He should have 
known better than to stoke a flame he 
could not and did not control. 
But the events of January 6 are only 
part of the story, and it is the congres-
sional response, including impeach-
ment, that I now want to talk about. 
Simply put, this snap impeachment 
raises serious questions about funda-
mental fairness, due process, or, more 
accurately, a lack thereof. Unlike pre-
vious impeachments, there was no for-
mal inquiry, no investigation, no hear-
ings, no witnesses, no cross-examina-
tion, no nothing. We know impeach-
ment is not like a traditional judicial 
proceeding. It is not a court of law. But 
it does make common sense—and I 
think this was the direction we gave 
the House during the last impeachment 
trial—that it is the House’s obligation 
to investigate, develop the evidence, 
and then charge, not the other way 
around. 
Historically, this has been true for 
impeachment proceedings. Each time, 
the House has conducted a full-scale in-
vestigation before a vote on the Arti-
cles of Impeachment. As I said, that 
was the case last year when the House 
spent months deposing witnesses, hold-
ing hearings, building a case against 
the President before ever announcing 
formal charges. 
But this time around, they took an 
entirely different approach. In at-
tempting to justify this unprecedented 
departure from a fair and dignified pro-
ceeding, 
some 
of 
our 
Democratic 
friends claim that no evidence needs to 
be presented, saying that we were all 
witnesses to what happened on January 
6 and that we can be jurors, witnesses, 
and, in the words of at least one Demo-
cratic Senator, victims all at the same 
time. 
This week, President Trump’s de-
fense team will have the opportunity 
to present its case, and I expect the 
lack of due process to be a major area 
of focus and rightfully so. 
Unfortunately, that is not the only 
problem with this impeachment trial. 
The Constitution requires the Chief 
Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court to 
preside over the impeachment trial of a 
President. But since this is the trial of 
a former President, a private citizen, 
someone who no longer holds office, 
Chief Justice Roberts will not be pre-
siding. As a result, the senior Senator 
from Vermont will now serve as both a 
judge and a juror, in addition to being 
a witness, I presume, and, in the words 
of another Senator, a victim. 
I respect Senator LEAHY, but the fact 
of the matter is, he cannot be an im-
partial arbiter. He has a conflict of in-
terest. Following the House’s impeach-
ment vote, Senator LEAHY called Presi-
dent Trump ‘‘the greatest threat to the 
Constitution and to American democ-
racy in a generation.’’ He voted to con-
vict Donald Trump during the last im-
peachment trial and apparently has al-
ready decided to do it again in this 
trial. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:29 Feb 09, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00006
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G08FE6.013
S08FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 23-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S567 
February 8, 2021 
The fact of the matter is, no Amer-
ican, let alone a former President, 
should be tried before a juror who has 
already determined guilt or innocence 
and who also serves as a judge. I want 
to be abundantly clear, though, on one 
point. President Trump’s words and ac-
tions leading up to the attack were 
reckless and wrong, but as we all know, 
the constitutional standard for im-
peachment isn’t recklessness. 
Treason, 
bribery, 
or 
other 
high 
crimes and misdemeanors—those are 
the offenses that the Constitution al-
lows Congress to impeach and remove a 
President from office for violating or 
from committing, which brings us to 
one of the biggest concerns I have. 
Donald Trump is no longer President of 
the United States. He is a private cit-
izen. Our Democratic colleagues moved 
so fast that they could impeach the 
President while he was in office but 
failed to transmit the Articles to the 
Senate until he became a private cit-
izen. 
Legal experts have debated not only 
the 
constitutionality 
of 
trying 
a 
former President but also the wisdom 
of doing so, and I share concerns on 
both those fronts. I think this ill-timed 
impeachment trial sets a dangerous 
precedent for future former Presidents. 
As politicized as impeachment has 
become, it could become a reoccurring 
political exercise that would be toxic 
for our democracy. Prominent Demo-
crats have warned about the dangers of 
using impeachment as a political weap-
on against an opposing party. 
During the impeachment inquiry of 
President Clinton, Senator LEAHY him-
self counseled: 
A partisan impeachment cannot command 
the respect of the American people. It is no 
more valid than a stolen election. 
I agree with him. The problem with 
one party using impeachment to exact 
political retribution on an opposing 
party’s President at the end of his term 
or even after that President has left of-
fice seems quite obvious to me. It is po-
litical retribution. 
Depending on which party controls 
Congress and which occupies the White 
House, this could turn into a regular 
blemish on our democracy. Rather 
than focusing together on our future 
and a new administration, seeking 
common ground and unity, as Presi-
dent Biden has called for, such a prece-
dent of trying a former President could 
create an endless feedback loop of re-
crimination. 
I think this is a dangerous and de-
structive path, and I would implore my 
colleagues on both sides to consider the 
long-term implications of this prece-
dent. As Justice Story explained, the 
Framers saw the Senate as a tribunal, 
in his words, ‘‘removed from popular 
power and passions . . . and from the 
more dangerous influence of mere 
party spirit,’’ and was guided by ‘‘a 
deep responsibility to future times.’’ 
So, as before, I don’t take my role as 
a juror lightly, and I will reserve final 
judgment until both the House im-
peachment managers and President 
Trump’s defense team have had the op-
portunity to present their cases. But I 
do think, indeed, I fear, we are skating 
on very thin ice and are in danger of 
inflicting great harm to our country by 
this rushed, unfair, and partisan pro-
ceeding. May God help us. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Madam Presi-
dent, I ask unanimous consent that the 
order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
ISSUES FACING AMERICA 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Madam Presi-
dent, when President Biden addressed 
the Nation on Inauguration Day, he 
promised unity and bipartisanship. It 
was a big part of his inaugural address, 
and so far the Democrats here in Wash-
ington are not living up to that prom-
ise. Their message, and we saw this 
last week, is not unity; it is submit and 
conform. 
On his very first day in office, Presi-
dent Biden rubberstamped 17 separate 
Executive orders. Since then, he has 
approved so many changes that a lot of 
Tennesseeans can barely keep track of 
the orders and memos and directives 
that are flying out of the Oval Office. 
It is safe to say the only benchmark 
they have to work with is the number 
of lost jobs we will see as a result of all 
of this paper-and-pen governance and 
paperwork. Jobs gone—stroke of a pen. 
The American people are very unset-
tled by this. I am hearing it from 
Democrats, Independents, Republicans, 
Libertarians. 
Last week, I came to the floor, and I 
spoke in detail about how this lack of 
clarity about the future has made 
many Tennesseeans fearful of the im-
pending changes to our national secu-
rity policy. They are very unsettled. 
So many of our veterans in Ten-
nessee have talked with me about this. 
They don’t like all this soft talk when 
it comes to talking about China and 
Russia and Iran and North Korea. They 
are worried about what comes next. 
The domestic policy mandates have 
done nothing at all to give reassur-
ances or calm spirits. 
Last week, the Senate Democrats put 
forth a budget proposal that treats 
struggling 
communities 
like 
hypotheticals that could work with 
theoretical changes, all created for a 
graduate-level economics exam. They 
are not dealing with real problems and 
real life. 
For about 15 hours, we debated and 
voted on a fraction of the almost 900 
amendments filed in an attempt to do 
some damage control to that budget 
resolution. But when Friday morning 
came and went, all the Democrats had 
to offer was a glaringly partisan reso-
lution 
that 
blatantly 
contradicted 
President Biden’s stated commitment 
to unity and bipartisanship. 
And, you know what, in a perfect 
world, the solutions the Democrats 
have come up with just might work. 
But we do not live in a perfect world; 
we live in a fallen world. 
This country is not created in the 
image of the Democratic Party. To 
anyone who has ever managed a small 
business budget, what my colleagues 
on the other side of the aisle are trying 
to do just does not make good common 
sense. 
One of the top issues I hear about 
from people back home in Tennessee is 
this proposal they have for a $15-an- 
hour minimum wage. I feel I should re-
mind my colleagues that resistance to 
this mandate doesn’t come from a 
place of stinginess or classist hatred 
but from a place of absolute confidence 
that it will destroy small businesses, 
even with the phase-in period. 
I have not heard from a single busi-
ness owner who will be able to pay the 
wage and employ the same number of 
people—not one. They will have to let 
staff go. 
A report by the Congressional Budget 
Office released just today echoes and 
confirms their concerns. By 2025, the 
Democrats’ proposal will cut jobs for 
1.4 million workers, at a time when 
workers are struggling to get back to 
work. So much for job creation, and we 
all know the best economic stimulus is 
a job. 
Just 6 weeks ago, Congress passed a 
$900 billion COVID relief package. Very 
little of that money has been spent. 
Yet Democrats and the White House 
continue to demand trillions—that is 
right, trillions—in overbroad spending 
that targets no specific problem and 
has no actual bipartisan support. If 
that is not bad enough, billions of dol-
lars from last year’s bipartisan relief 
packages, all five of them, also remain 
unobligated. 
So we are at $3.6 trillion in spending, 
and they are wanting another $1.9 tril-
lion, with little idea of the effect that 
remaining unobligated funding will 
have on the economy. But still, the 
data shows that what has been spent 
already has made a difference and will 
continue to do so. 
Relief should be timely. It should be 
targeted. 
It 
should 
be 
temporary. 
Those that need the help should get the 
help, but we do not need overbroad 
spending. 
The Congressional Budget Office re-
leased another report just over a week 
ago showing that if we leave the laws 
governing how we tax and spend 
alone—leave them alone on the books, 
in force—the GDP will continue to rise 
and the economy will get back to its 
prepandemic health without, without 
Congress authorizing one more penny 
in relief spending. 
So the American people want to 
know why, why are the Democrats 
claiming that the only solution to our 
present crisis is to spend as much as 
possible, as quickly as possible, with-
out considering which sectors of the 
economy actually need the help, which 
families need help, which individuals 
need help. 
What we do know is what we saw in 
2009 and 2010 and 2011 and 2012 and 2013 
and 2014 and 2015, which is that, if you 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:29 Feb 09, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00007
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G08FE6.015
S08FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 24-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S568 
February 8, 2021 
get in here and overspend without tar-
geting, without direction, you slow the 
recovery. We know that. We watched 
it. We lived through it. 
They are going to need a better an-
swer than ‘‘because we say so,’’ ‘‘be-
cause this is what we are going to do,’’ 
because the people understand that the 
Federal deficit was historically large 
even before the pandemic. They know 
how debt works and that a big deficit 
means more of that Federal debt. 
They also know that who holds that 
debt matters and that we are beholden, 
right now, to China, to OPEC, for tril-
lions of dollars in that debt. 
Scale that down for a minute. When 
that same thing happens to one of 
these small businesses, when they max 
their credit line, if they fall behind in 
their payroll, they can’t plan for the 
future, they can’t plan for emergencies, 
and they can’t invest in their own suc-
cess. 
The same concepts apply to the Fed-
eral budget. You cannot tax and spend 
your way to prosperity. You have to 
have economic growth. 
So I ask my colleagues: Why are you 
making decisions that are going to 
slow the recovery and slow the eco-
nomic growth? 
The Democrats’ approach to planning 
for the future might sound good in the-
ory, 
it 
might 
sound 
good 
in 
hypotheticals, but real-life economics 
is not. Future pandemics are not. The 
need to innovate and stay competitive 
in the warfighting domain is not. 
Those are real-life issues. 
The Democrats have been so aggres-
sive this past couple of weeks, and 
President Biden, in taking out the 
eraser and trying to erase 4 years of 
productive policy that benefited mil-
lions of Americans, and the people are 
starting to wonder what else they are 
going to throw away in favor of a very 
autocratic, authoritarian, empty vision 
for our Nation. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Montana. 
Mr. TESTER. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that I be able 
to finish my remarks before the vote. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
NOMINATION OF DENIS RICHARD MCDONOUGH 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Madam Presi-
dent, I rise to support the nomination 
of Denis McDonough to be Secretary of 
the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
Mr. McDonough brings to this position 
a wealth of experience as a national se-
curity professional and White House 
Chief of Staff. He knows how to solve 
problems, break down bureaucratic 
silos, and deliver results. 
As 
the 
VA 
Secretary, 
Mr. 
McDonough will face a host of new 
challenges brought on by COVID–19. I 
appreciate his commitment to address-
ing these issues head-on, including the 
need to lead an aggressive effort to 
vaccinate 
veterans 
and 
their 
healthcare 
providers, 
ensure 
that 
claims are processed in a timely man-
ner, and review the proposed rule on 
VA home loans exiting COVID–19 for-
bearance. 
In addition to the immediate chal-
lenges posed by the COVID–19 pan-
demic, 
I 
know 
that 
one 
of 
Mr. 
McDonough’s priorities is to tackle the 
structural needs of the VA. I am also 
pleased that Mr. McDonough has al-
ready promised to defend the VA 
healthcare system against efforts at 
privatization. Additionally, I am grate-
ful for Mr. McDonough’s assurances 
that he will act assertively to create a 
culture of zero tolerance toward sexual 
harassment and assault in the Depart-
ment. This is of particular importance 
after a VA inspector general’s report 
found that his predecessor engaged in 
active measures to discredit a congres-
sional staffer who reported that she 
was sexually assaulted at a VA medical 
center. We must ensure that our 
women veterans are treated with dig-
nity and respect at all VA facilities. 
I 
also 
want 
to 
applaud 
Mr. 
McDonough’s pledge to make ending 
veteran homelessness a national pri-
ority. My home State of Maryland has 
been a national leader in this effort. 
Montgomery County, MD, effectively 
ended veteran homelessness in 2015, 
and the Veterans Village in Perryville 
is creating a model for using VASH 
vouchers to build supportive commu-
nities that house and provide services 
to homeless veterans. The State is also 
moving forward with an aggressive ef-
fort to build a second veterans home in 
Sykesville. This is a moral imperative, 
and Maryland has been leading the 
way. I trust that we will have the same 
level of urgency from the VA under 
Secretary McDonough, and I look for-
ward to continuing the partnership on 
these efforts. 
The Department of Veterans Affairs 
provides crucial services, care, and 
peace of mind for our Nation’s 18 mil-
lion veterans. The VA has more to do 
to make sure that the care that it pro-
vides is worthy of those who served our 
Nation. I believe that Mr. McDonough’s 
experience has prepared him well to 
continue that effort, and I support his 
nomination. 
Mr. TESTER. Madam President, I 
rise 
today 
in 
support 
of 
Denis 
McDonough. Denis is President Biden’s 
choice to lead the Department of Vet-
erans Affairs. 
Though there is a great political di-
vide in our Nation, I believe that vet-
erans across the country and Members 
on both sides of the aisle are united by 
a very basic expectation: that the next 
VA Secretary be an individual of hon-
esty, integrity, and vision. This indi-
vidual must listen to veterans and put 
their well-being above all else. 
Denis McDonough has demonstrated 
that he is, unequivocally, the man for 
this job. And to be clear, this is not an 
easy job. But Denis is used to making 
tough calls. He has shown an exem-
plary commitment to public service 
and a strong willingness to do right by 
those who have worn the uniform and 
sacrificed on behalf of our liberties. 
As White House Chief of Staff, he 
quickly earned a reputation for getting 
the job done, working across Federal 
Agencies, and finding common ground. 
For the last 20 years, he has played a 
key role in many decisions surrounding 
sending our military men and women 
to war and knows that taking care of 
these folks when they return home is a 
cost of war and a shared responsibility. 
Veterans need someone like Denis 
fighting in their corner, but the truth 
is there is simply too much at stake. 
With more than 400,000 Americans 
dying from COVID–19 in less than a 
year, the VA Secretary’s top responsi-
bility will be ensuring that the Depart-
ment has everything it needs—from 
vaccines to personal protective equip-
ment, to additional healthcare and sup-
portive services—to care for veterans 
and to protect the VA’s employees. 
He will be held accountable when it 
comes to swiftly implementing a num-
ber of historic reforms, from the John 
Scott Hannon Veterans Mental Health 
Care Improvement Act, a bill that is 
out-of-box thinking to help our vet-
erans in the mental health challenges 
and suicides that have resulted, to the 
Deborah Sampson Act, an act to help 
the largest or the fastest growing 
group of veterans, our women veterans, 
have access to care, to the expansion of 
presumptive coverage for thousands of 
additional Vietnam veterans exposed 
to Agent Orange and overdue coverage 
for our Vietnam veterans—not to men-
tion a myriad of other critical prior-
ities that have been in the works for 
years and need serious attention, such 
as the Caregivers Program and the 
electronic health record modernization 
effort. 
But Denis is fully prepared to take 
on these responsibilities. He is ready to 
build the trust of our Nation’s service-
members, veterans, and their families, 
and treat them with the respect that 
they have earned. 
Now more than ever, veterans need a 
strong leader who will prioritize deliv-
ering timely and quality healthcare 
and benefits over making political 
points. I am confident that, as VA Sec-
retary, Denis will be squarely focused 
on serving these needs. 
I ask my colleagues to join me today 
in confirming him to this role, where I 
have no doubt that he will be success-
ful. Our Nation’s veterans are counting 
on us. 
Now, unfortunately, my friend and 
colleague, the ranking member of the 
Senate Veterans’ Affairs Committee, 
JERRY MORAN, couldn’t make it back in 
time for this nomination due to bad 
weather and flight delays. But he was 
planning on voting to advance this 
nomination today because he believes 
Denis McDonough is someone who 
shares his commitment to taking care 
of our veterans. 
With that, I yield. 
VOTE ON MCDONOUGH NOMINATION 
The 
PRESIDING 
OFFICER. 
The 
question is, Will the Senate advise and 
consent to the McDonough nomina-
tion? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:20 Feb 09, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00008
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G08FE6.016
S08FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 25-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S569 
February 8, 2021 
Mr. TESTER. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk called the roll. 
Mr. THUNE. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator 
from Wyoming (Mr. BARRASSO), the 
Senator from North Carolina (Mr. 
BURR), the Senator from Oklahoma 
(Mr. INHOFE), the Senator from Kansas 
(Mr. MORAN), the Senator from Ken-
tucky (Mr. PAUL), and the Senator 
from Pennsylvania (Mr. TOOMEY). 
Further, if present and voting, The 
Senator from Kansas (Mr. MORAN) 
would have voted ‘‘yea.’’; and the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania (Mr. TOOMEY) 
would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
The result was announced—yeas 87, 
nays 7, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 55 Ex.] 
YEAS—87 
Baldwin 
Bennet 
Blackburn 
Blumenthal 
Blunt 
Booker 
Boozman 
Braun 
Brown 
Cantwell 
Capito 
Cardin 
Carper 
Casey 
Cassidy 
Collins 
Coons 
Cornyn 
Cortez Masto 
Cramer 
Crapo 
Daines 
Duckworth 
Durbin 
Feinstein 
Fischer 
Gillibrand 
Graham 
Grassley 
Hassan 
Heinrich 
Hickenlooper 
Hirono 
Hoeven 
Hyde-Smith 
Johnson 
Kaine 
Kelly 
Kennedy 
King 
Klobuchar 
Lankford 
Leahy 
Lee 
Luja´n 
Lummis 
Manchin 
Markey 
McConnell 
Menendez 
Merkley 
Murkowski 
Murphy 
Murray 
Ossoff 
Padilla 
Peters 
Portman 
Reed 
Risch 
Romney 
Rosen 
Rounds 
Rubio 
Sanders 
Sasse 
Schatz 
Schumer 
Scott (SC) 
Shaheen 
Shelby 
Sinema 
Smith 
Stabenow 
Sullivan 
Tester 
Thune 
Tillis 
Tuberville 
Van Hollen 
Warner 
Warnock 
Warren 
Whitehouse 
Wicker 
Wyden 
Young 
NAYS—7 
Cotton 
Cruz 
Ernst 
Hagerty 
Hawley 
Marshall 
Scott (FL) 
NOT VOTING—6 
Barrasso 
Burr 
Inhofe 
Moran 
Paul 
Toomey 
The nomination was confirmed. 
The 
PRESIDING 
OFFICER 
(Mr. 
HEINRICH). Under the previous order, 
the motion to reconsider is considered 
made and laid upon the table, and the 
President will be immediately notified 
of the Senate’s action. 
The Senator from Ohio. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate 
proceed to legislative session and be in 
a period of morning business, with Sen-
ators permitted to speak therein for up 
to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Ohio. 
(At the request of Mr. TESTER, the 
following statement was ordered to be 
printed in the RECORD.) 
f 
CONFIRMATION OF DENIS 
RICHARD MCDONOUGH 
∑ Mr. MORAN. Madam President, I 
would like to speak in support of con-
firming Denis McDonough to be Sec-
retary 
of 
Veterans 
Affairs. 
Mr. 
McDonough has demonstrated his dedi-
cation to public service over the last 25 
years and has assured me that he will 
bring that same dedication to the De-
partment of Veterans Affairs in its 
mission to serve our veterans. 
He has experience leading and imple-
menting policy across the Federal Gov-
ernment and has earned a reputation 
for being able to make government 
work better. Although he is not a vet-
eran, he has made his case that he is 
personally devoted to serving veterans 
and seeing them achieve success, and it 
is my belief that he is sincere in that 
assertion. 
Mr. McDonough testified that he ap-
preciates the clear roles of Congress in 
passing law and of the executive 
branch in executing them. He has com-
mitted to me and to our committee 
that he will faithfully implement crit-
ical VA reforms in line with congres-
sional intent, and I intend to hold him 
accountable for the decisions and ac-
tions he makes as Secretary. 
We have made significant progress 
with the VA to provide permanent vet-
erans’ choice in access to care, mental 
health and suicide prevention, em-
ployee accountability, and improved 
benefits for veterans, their dependents, 
and survivors. We cannot backtrack on 
this progress, and the next VA Sec-
retary must be ready on day one to 
continue building on this success. 
I will support Mr. McDonough’s con-
firmation and hold him to his commit-
ment to work with our committee and 
with our veteran stakeholders to de-
liver the improved benefits and serv-
ices Congress has legislated.∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING RICHARD 
THORNBURGH 
Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, today I 
want to pay tribute to the late Richard 
L. Thornburgh, a former Pennsylvania 
Governor and former U.S. Attorney 
General. Dick Thornburgh was also a 
hero to the disability community for 
his longstanding advocacy for the 
rights and self-determination of people 
with disabilities. 
Born in Pittsburgh on July 16, 1932, 
Dick received an undergraduate degree 
from Yale University and a law degree 
from the University of Pittsburgh Law 
School before going into private prac-
tice. 
In 1969, President Richard Nixon ap-
pointed Dick as the U.S. attorney for 
the Western District of Pennsylvania, 
and in 1975, President Gerald Ford ap-
pointed him to serve as the Assistant 
Attorney General for the Justice De-
partment’s 
Criminal 
Division. 
Two 
years later, he returned to Pennsyl-
vania. 
In 1978, Dick was elected Governor of 
Pennsylvania and was reelected in 1982, 
becoming the first Republican to serve 
two successive terms as Governor of 
the Commonwealth. 
During his time in office, Governor 
Thornburgh provided a steady hand 
and a calm demeanor. Most notably, he 
led Pennsylvania through the Three 
Mile Island crisis, America’s worst nu-
clear meltdown. He took charge of the 
crisis and in so doing won praise from 
President Jimmy Carter and from 
Pennsylvanians for how he handled the 
potential disaster. At the time of the 
Three Mile Island Crisis, Governor 
Thornburgh said: 
You have to reassure people. You have to 
go before the cameras and microphones and 
tell them what you know and what you 
don’t. You have to stop the rumors and, of 
course, you have to make decisions. There 
isn’t any Republican or Democratic way to 
deal with a nuclear crisis. Nobody has ever 
had to deal with this kind of accident before. 
In 1988, President Ronald Reagan 
nominated Governor Thornburgh to be 
the U.S. Attorney General, a position 
in which he served until 1991. He re-
signed in 1991 to run for the U.S. Sen-
ate in Pennsylvania following the trag-
ic death of Senator John Heinz in a 
plane crash. Governor Thornburgh lost 
the Senate election to Harris Wofford, 
who had been appointed to the vacancy 
6 months before the 1991 election. 
Following his Senate run, Governor 
Thornburgh served a 1-year appoint-
ment as Under-Secretary General at 
the United Nations at the request of 
President George H.W. Bush. In that 
role, he sought to bring reform, trans-
parency, and accountability to the 
United Nations. 
After his service at the United Na-
tions, Governor Thornburgh returned 
to private practice but would continue 
to serve in advisory roles at the State 
and Federal level, imparting his wis-
dom and experience in a number of dif-
ferent arenas. 
Of his many contributions to public 
life, Governor Thornburgh was espe-
cially respected in the disability rights 
community for his tireless advocacy 
for the rights and self-determination of 
people with disabilities. 
Governor Thornburgh’s son, Peter, 
was injured in a car accident in 1960, a 
tragic 
accident 
that 
also 
killed 
Thornburgh’s wife, Ginny Hooton. The 
accident left Peter Thornburgh, then 
just 4 months of age, with a significant 
brain injury that caused physical and 
intellectual 
disabilities. 
Governor 
Thornburgh is quoted as saying that 
the accident ‘‘made him think about 
what he could do with his life to con-
tribute to the world.’’ 
As Attorney General in Bush Admin-
istration, Dick Thornburgh helped to 
shepherd the Americans with Disabil-
ities Act, ADA, through Congress dur-
ing a most critical period in 1989. On 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:12 Feb 09, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00009
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G08FE6.018
S08FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 26-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S570 
February 8, 2021 
June 21, 1989, then Attorney General 
Thornburgh affirmed to the disability 
community and the Nation the Bush 
administration’s intent to support the 
passage of the ADA and to sign the leg-
islation when Congress passed the bill. 
When the ADA passed Congress, At-
torney General Thornburgh said that 
the day was ‘‘one of emancipation, not 
just for the millions of Americans with 
disabilities who will directly benefit 
from this Act, but even more so for the 
rest of us now free to benefit from the 
contributions which those with a dis-
ability can make to our economy, our 
communities and our own well-being.’’ 
Walter Cohen, who served as both 
Pennsylvania’s secretary of public wel-
fare and attorney general, stated that 
Governor Thornburgh was responsible 
for Pennsylvania creating home and 
community based services for people 
with disabilities and for ordering the 
closure of the Pennhurst State School 
and Hospital, which had been found to 
be housing hundreds of people with de-
velopmental and intellectual disabil-
ities in squalor. 
Mr. President, for many Governor 
Thornburgh is known for his decades of 
public service to the Commonwealth of 
Pennsylvania and to the Federal Gov-
ernment. He is deserving of this rec-
ognition, and the people of Pennsyl-
vania owe him their deepest gratitude 
for his service. But any discussion of 
Governor Thornburgh’s service would 
be incomplete if we did not pause to 
note that because of his efforts, in 
part, the lives of people with disabil-
ities have been dramatically improved. 
Our built environment and transpor-
tation system have been made avail-
able to all people. It is now understood 
that every child, no matter their dis-
ability, has the right to a quality, pub-
lic education. People with disabilities, 
rather than living in institutions, are 
now free to grow up and flourish in the 
community and setting of their choice. 
These opportunities may be taken for 
granted now, but they were hard fought 
gains achieved through the sweat and 
tears of the disability community and 
those who fought alongside them every 
step of the way. Dick Thornburgh was 
one of the greatest of these champions. 
His public service to the Common-
wealth of Pennsylvania is worthy of 
commendation. We extend condolences 
to Dick’s wife, Ginny, his sons, John, 
David, Peter and William, and to his 
grandchildren and great grandchildren. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO COLONEL RAY 
RENOLA 
Mr. REED. Madam President, today I 
pay tribute to a very special Rhode Is-
lander, COL Ray Renola, USA (Ret.), 
who holds a unique distinction among 
all Americans. 
Mr. Renola, at 104 years old, is the 
oldest living graduate of my alma 
mater, the U.S. Military Academy at 
West Point. A member of the class of 
1940, Mr. Renola stands at the head of 
the Long Grey Line of West Pointers 
who have served the Nation since 1802. 
As described in a recent column by 
Mark Patinkin in the Providence Jour-
nal, Ray was the son of Italian immi-
grants and one of eight children raised 
on the West End of Providence. He was 
a graduate of Classical High School in 
Providence and then entered Brown 
University, but in 1936, he made the de-
cision to serve his country and restart 
and complete his college education at 
West Point. 
Like many of our World War II vet-
erans, Ray did not talk much about his 
service on the western front as a lieu-
tenant colonel and commanding officer 
of the 375th Field Artillery Battalion. 
In short, he deployed his battalion and 
led them against fierce enemy resist-
ance, unpredictable weather, harsh ter-
rain, and austere conditions. And he 
led them as they made great contribu-
tions to Allied forces during the push 
toward Berlin in 1944–1945. After the 
war, Ray continued his service to our 
country with postings from Belgium to 
the Pentagon, before retiring from the 
military after 20 years of service. He 
had a similarly successful career in the 
private sector, working for Bulova and 
GTE. 
He found the love of his life with Lu-
cille, to whom he was married for 30 
years, until her passing in 2010. They 
shared an active life of sport and trav-
el. He remains the loved and revered 
patriarch 
of 
the 
larger, 
extended 
Renola family. 
Ray embodies what it means to live 
an extraordinary life: love for his coun-
try; love for his family; a life of duty, 
honor, and country. 
f 
RECOGNIZING JANE HARMAN 
Ms. 
COLLINS. 
Madam 
President, 
when Jane Harman left Congress in 
2011 to head the Woodrow Wilson Cen-
ter for International Scholars, she de-
scribed herself as dedicated to the be-
lief that the political center is where 
most Americans are and where the best 
policy answers are found. As this great 
leader and my dear friend steps down 
from the Wilson Center, I take this op-
portunity to thank her for unswerving 
devotion to that principle. 
Our friendship was forged in the chal-
lenging days after the terrorist attacks 
of September 11, 2001. Reaching across 
the aisle, we worked closely together 
as leaders of the Homeland Security 
committees in the House and Senate. 
From the landmark intelligence reform 
legislation we crafted, to addressing 
protections for our Nation’s cargo 
ports and other critical infrastructure, 
to improving emergency preparedness 
in communities throughout America, 
Jane was always an informed, effective, 
and committed partner. 
I will never forget how, when Jane 
testified at a Senate Homeland Secu-
rity Committee hearing on maritime 
security in 2006, she called me her ‘‘Se-
curity Sister.’’ It is a title that fills my 
heart with pride and affection. 
Jane’s untiring work to protect our 
Nation 
defines 
her 
public 
service. 
Elected nine times by the people of 
California’s 36th Congressional Dis-
trict, she served on all major security 
committees—Homeland Security, In-
telligence, and Armed Services. She 
served as ranking member of the Intel-
ligence Committee’s Working Group on 
Terrorism and Homeland Security and 
chaired the Homeland Security Sub-
committee on Intelligence, Informa-
tion Sharing, and Terrorism Risk As-
sessment. 
After Jane left Congress, she served 
as a member of the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence’s Senior Advisory 
Group. She currently serves on the Ex-
ecutive Committee of the Trilateral 
Commission and the Advisory Board of 
the Munich Security Conference. She 
also cochairs the Homeland Security 
Experts Group and is a member of the 
Presidential Debates Commission and 
the Committee for a Responsible Fed-
eral Budget. 
Jane has been recognized as a na-
tional expert at the nexus of security 
and public policy issues with the De-
fense Department Medal for Distin-
guished Service, the CIA Agency Seal 
Medal and Director’s Award, and the 
Director of National Intelligence Dis-
tinguished Public Service Medal. The 
University of Southern California’s 
Presidential 
Medallion, 
its 
highest 
award, is a fitting tribute to her out-
standing service to her State and to 
our Nation. 
Jane is the first woman to lead the 
Wilson Center. Chartered by Congress 
in 1968, the center is the Nation’s key 
nonpartisan policy forum for tackling 
global issues through independent re-
search and open dialogue. Under her 
leadership, the center advanced its 
mission to generate actionable ideas 
for policies that affect our security and 
our relations with the world. 
No tribute to Jane would be complete 
without mention of her late husband, 
Sidney. Driven by a shared ideal of 
public service, they accomplished so 
much in politics, business, philan-
thropy, and the arts. 
I thank Jane Harman—my colleague, 
my friend, my ‘‘sister’’—for all that 
she has done for our country. I wish her 
all the best in her future endeavors. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
REMEMBERING RALPH ‘‘CHAD’’ 
COLLEY, JR. 
∑ Mr. BOOZMAN. Madam President, I 
rise today to honor the life of Ralph 
‘‘Chad’’ Colley, Jr., who passed away on 
January 30, 2021, at the age of 76. Mr. 
Colley was a hero in every sense of the 
word. His courage, positive nature, and 
life of service provided a shining light 
that inspired everyone around him. 
Colley was a veteran of the Vietnam 
war, a gold medal athlete, an accom-
plished pilot, a successful businessman, 
and a tireless advocate for veterans 
and all Americans with disabilities. His 
military honors included the Silver 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:20 Feb 09, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00010
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A08FE6.004
S08FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 27-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S571 
February 8, 2021 
Star, Bronze Star, Purple Heart, and 
Combat Infantryman Badge. 
Colley was born in Fort Smith, AR, 
on May 13, 1944. His father served in the 
U.S. Army, and the family lived in 
Kansas, Georgia, Germany, and Japan. 
He attended North Georgia College, 
where he earned a bachelor’s degree in 
mathematics, played football, and ran 
track. After his graduation in 1966, he 
followed in his father’s footsteps and 
served as a commissioned officer in the 
U.S. Army. A year later, he married 
Betty Ann Putnam, and they shared 53 
years together. They had two children, 
Ryan and Emily. 
As part of the 101st Airborne Divi-
sion, Colley arrived in Vietnam in No-
vember 1967. Within 6 months, he was a 
company commander. In July of 1968, 
he was commanding the 3/187th infan-
try company when he stepped on a 
landmine. The blast led to amputation 
of both of his legs above the knee and 
his left arm below the elbow. While re-
covering, he sent Betty Ann a letter 
that said, ‘‘I’m banged up pretty bad, 
but I’m still me.’’ 
He recalled in later years that he was 
grateful to have only suffered physical 
injuries. ‘‘I had to get on with it. Plain 
and simple.’’ And, he did get on with it. 
Although he had to leave his lifelong 
dream of serving in the military, he did 
not let this dramatic change of plans 
slow him down. 
Within 2 years of his injury, the 
Colleys had settled in Barling, AR, 
where he began selling real estate in 
1970. That same year, he was honored 
nationally as the Outstanding Disabled 
Veteran of the Year, obtained his pi-
lot’s license, and took up skiing. 
Throughout the 1980s, Colley pro-
vided leadership to help disabled vet-
erans and was part of efforts to make 
public facilities more accessible to all 
disabled Americans. He served as a 
member and leader with the Disabled 
American Veterans, DAV, National 
Amputee Chapter 76 in New York, and 
with the DAV in Arkansas. Colley was 
elected national commander for the 
DAV from 1983 to 1984 and lived in 
Washington, DC, to advocate for vet-
erans on a national and international 
level. 
Colley also devoted time to helping 
candidates he believed in, including 
working on the Arkansas State GOP 
Executive Committee, the Sebastian 
County GOP Committee, and on the 
Presidential campaigns for both George 
H.W. Bush and Bob Dole. His efforts led 
to him speak at the 1996 Republican 
National Convention in San Diego, CA. 
His life was not all policy and poli-
tics, and his involvement in the DAV 
led him to further develop his passion 
for snow skiing. Colley was a natural 
athlete and was eventually selected for 
the U.S. Paralympic Team. During the 
1992 Paralympic games in Albertville, 
France, he won gold medals in both 
downhill and super-G events. He was 48 
years old. 
By 2002, Colley had retired. He and 
Betty Ann shared time between their 
homes in Barling and New Smyrna 
Beach, FL. He remained active in vet-
erans organizations and gave his voice 
and influence to countless projects, in-
cluding plans for future expansion of 
the Fort Smith National Cemetery. 
In 2017, Colley shared memories of his 
favorite childhood Christmas with Do 
South Magazine. When he was 11 years 
old, his parents hosted holiday gath-
erings in their small home for all 120 
men in the four platoons his father 
commanded. The expense of providing 
food for all of those people meant a 
much smaller Christmas for their fam-
ily, but they gave all they had to make 
it a memorable holiday for those home-
sick soldiers. 
Colley wrote: 
Of all of the Christmases I’ve celebrated 
and all the gifts I’ve ever received, which one 
is, without equal, the most loving, meaning-
ful, instructional and lasting gift? Why it’s 
the one I celebrated with more than one hun-
dred big brothers! These are the six aspects 
of my best Christmas gift ever: the gift of 
empathy, the gift of joy, the gift of brother-
hood, the gift of sharing, the gift of the pos-
sible and the gift of self. This gift has shaped 
the character of my brother Ken and me for 
our whole lifetimes. 
I am grateful for the incredible ex-
ample Chad Colley gave us throughout 
his life. His values ran deep, influ-
encing every facet of his character and 
informing his remarkable experiences. 
My staff recently had the honor of 
interviewing him for the Library of 
Congress Veterans History Project. He 
was a man of great kindness and hu-
mility who gave credit for all of his ac-
complishments to his faith and family. 
I join Chad Colley’s family, friends, 
and all Arkansans in mourning his 
passing. Although he accomplished tre-
mendous things personally, like the ex-
ample set by his parents, I know his 
legacy will be what he taught us all 
about kindness, humility, and service.∑ 
f 
BICENTENNIAL OF THE GEORGE 
WASHINGTON UNIVERSITY 
∑ Ms. DUCKWORTH. Madam President, 
I rise today in celebration of the 
George Washington University’s bicen-
tennial. As a proud alumna of this 
great institution of higher education, I 
would like to recognize the GW’s 
achievement in reaching this historic 
milestone. 
Founded as a modest Columbian Col-
lege 200 years ago, there was no guar-
antee that the George Washington Uni-
versity would succeed. Ultimately, it 
was the dedication, ingenuity, and hard 
work of many generations of world- 
class faculty, impressive students, and 
accomplished alumni over the past two 
centuries that accounts for why GW 
evolved into the preeminent, global re-
search university it is today. 
Aspiring 
citizen-leaders 
worldwide 
attend the George Washington Univer-
sity precisely because of the opportuni-
ties GW provides its students to not 
only learn inside the classroom from 
leading thinkers and researchers, but 
to grow by applying this academic 
knowledge outside the classroom in a 
wide-range of settings throughout our 
Nation’s Capital. 
In fact, the George Washington Uni-
versity’s vast network of world-class 
academic opportunities, partnerships, 
and policy-research initiatives is not 
only responsible for educating our fu-
ture leaders, but also for advancing 
technological innovation, driving im-
provements in public health and policy, 
and developing a greater understanding 
of both our world and humanity in 
ways that have made an impact on mil-
lions of lives. 
At this moment, GW faculty are con-
ducting pioneering research to fight 
global poverty, HIV/AIDS, cancer, cli-
mate change, terrorism and many 
other urgent challenges. Many of GW’s 
researchers, doctors, and public health 
officials have been at the forefront in 
responding to the deadly Coronavirus 
disease 2019 pandemic. 
As the George Washington University 
celebrates its bicentennial, it is a good 
time to reflect on the incredible legacy 
established by thousands of distin-
guished GW alumni. Graduates include 
current and former heads of state from 
around the world, scores of dedicated 
public servants, and leading experts 
that have accumulated a vast record of 
accomplishments across many aca-
demic fields. 
Last, but certainly not least, and a 
point of great personal appreciation for 
this GW alum, is GW’s longstanding 
commitment to U.S. servicemembers, 
veterans, and military families. Indeed, 
the very first recipient of the original 
Servicemen’s 
Readjustment 
Act 
of 
1944—more commonly known as the GI 
Bill of Rights—was Donald Balfour, a 
GW student. Today, GW is consistently 
recognized as one of our Nation’s best 
institutions of higher education for 
veterans and military-affiliated stu-
dents because it recognizes the invalu-
able leadership experience and unique 
perspectives these men and women 
bring to the classroom. 
As GW enters its third century, I 
look forward to watching as the George 
Washington University builds on its 
200-year legacy of academic excellence 
and ground-breaking research by at-
tracting, educating, and inspiring fu-
ture generations of leaders who will 
make a positive impact on the world.∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 3:03 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by 
Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, 
announced that the House has agreed 
to the following concurrent resolution, 
without amendment: 
S. Con. Res. 5. Concurrent resolution set-
ting forth the congressional budget for the 
United States Government for fiscal year 
2021 and setting forth the appropriate budg-
etary levels for fiscal years 2022 through 2030. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:20 Feb 09, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00011
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G08FE6.003
S08FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 28-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S572 
February 8, 2021 
and second times by unanimous con-
sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself, Mr. 
CARDIN, Mr. BLUNT, Mr. BROWN, Mr. 
CASSIDY, and Mr. MENENDEZ): 
S. 269. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to permanently extend the 
work opportunity credit; to the Committee 
on Finance. 
By Mr. COONS (for himself, Mr. GRA-
HAM, Mr. WARNER, Mr. SCOTT
of 
South Carolina, Mr. CARPER, Mr. 
MORAN, and Mr. KAINE): 
S. 270. A bill to amend the Act entitled 
‘‘Act to provide for the establishment of the 
Brown v. Board of Education National His-
toric Site in the State of Kansas, and for 
other purposes’’ to provide for inclusion of 
additional related sites in the National Park 
System, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By 
Mr. 
CASEY 
(for 
himself, 
Mr. 
WYDEN, Mrs. MURRAY, Mr. MENENDEZ, 
Mr. CARDIN, Mr. BROWN, Mr. BENNET, 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE, Ms. HASSAN, Ms. 
CORTEZ MASTO, Ms. STABENOW, Ms. 
CANTWELL, 
Ms. 
SMITH, 
Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL, Mr. MURPHY, Mr. DUR-
BIN, Ms. HIRONO, Mr. LEAHY, Ms. KLO-
BUCHAR, Mr. BOOKER, Mr. REED, Ms. 
BALDWIN, Mrs. GILLIBRAND, Mr. HEIN-
RICH, Mr. MERKLEY, Mr. VAN HOLLEN, 
Ms. DUCKWORTH, and Mr. LUJA´ N): 
S. 271. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to enhance the Child and 
Dependent Care Tax Credit and make the 
credit fully refundable; to the Committee on 
Finance. 
By Mr. PETERS (for himself, Mr. 
PORTMAN, Mr. CARPER, Mr. CORNYN, 
and Ms. ERNST): 
S. 272. A bill to amend the Federal Funding 
Accountability and Transparency Act of 
2006, to require the budget justifications and 
appropriation requests of agencies be made 
publicly available; to the Committee on 
Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs. 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and 
Mrs. CAPITO): 
S. 273. A bill to improve the management 
of driftnet fishing; to the Committee on 
Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. BENNET (for himself, Ms. 
HIRONO, 
Mrs. 
SHAHEEN, 
Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL, and Ms. SMITH): 
S. 274. A bill to amend title XIX of the So-
cial Security Act to allow States to provide 
coverage under the Medicaid program for 
vaccines and treatment for COVID–19 for un-
insured individuals without the imposition 
of cost sharing requirements, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. CRUZ (for himself and Mr. 
PAUL): 
S. 275. A bill to allow individuals to choose 
to opt out of the Medicare part A benefit; to 
the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. CRUZ (for himself and Mr. 
PAUL): 
S. 276. A bill to amend the Endangered Spe-
cies Act of 1973 to include a prohibition on 
the listing of a living nonnative species as a 
threatened species or an endangered species, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Environment and Public Works. 
By Mr. CRUZ (for himself and Mr. CAS-
SIDY): 
S. 277. A bill to exempt from the Lacey Act 
and the Lacey Act Amendments of 1981 cer-
tain water transfers between any of the 
States of Texas, Arkansas, and Louisiana, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Environment and Public Works. 
By Mr. WARNOCK (for himself, Mr. 
BOOKER, Mr. LUJA´ N, Ms. STABENOW, 
Mr. LEAHY, and Ms. KLOBUCHAR): 
S. 278. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Agriculture to provide assistance for socially 
disadvantaged farmers and ranchers and so-
cially disadvantaged groups, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, 
Nutrition, and Forestry. 
By Mr. MARKEY: 
S. 279. A bill to require the Federal Com-
munications Commission to update the na-
tional broadband plan, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Commerce, 
Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. MARKEY: 
S. 280. A bill to direct the Administrator of 
the Federal Emergency Management Agency 
to revise the policy of the Agency to address 
the threats of climate change, to include 
considerations of climate change in the stra-
tegic plan of the Agency, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-
rity and Governmental Affairs. 
By Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. 
SCHATZ, Mr. WHITEHOUSE, Mr. CAR-
PER, Mr. COONS, Ms. CANTWELL, Mr. 
CASEY, Mr. BROWN, Ms. WARREN, Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL, Mr. MURPHY, Mr. DUR-
BIN, Mrs. SHAHEEN, Mrs. FEINSTEIN, 
Mr. KING, Ms. ROSEN, Mr. VAN HOL-
LEN, Mr. MERKLEY, Mr. REED, Mr. 
BOOKER, Mr. MENENDEZ, Ms. BALD-
WIN, Ms. KLOBUCHAR, Ms. CORTEZ 
MASTO, Ms. DUCKWORTH, Mr. SAND-
ERS, Ms. SMITH, Mr. CARDIN, Mr. 
WARNER, Mr. BENNET, Mr. KAINE, Mr. 
LEAHY, Mrs. GILLIBRAND, Mr. WYDEN, 
Ms. HIRONO, Mr. HEINRICH, and Mr. 
PETERS): 
S. 281. A bill to authorize the appropriation 
of funds to the Centers for Disease Control 
and Prevention for conducting or supporting 
research on firearms safety or gun violence 
prevention; to the Committee on Health, 
Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. BEN-
NET, Ms. CANTWELL, Mr. CARPER, Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL, Mr. BOOKER, Mr. HEIN-
RICH, Mr. LEAHY, Mrs. MURRAY, Mrs. 
SHAHEEN, 
Mr. 
VAN
HOLLEN, 
Mr. 
WYDEN, Ms. STABENOW, Ms. WARREN, 
Mr. MENENDEZ, Mrs. FEINSTEIN, Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE, 
Mr. 
PETERS, 
Mr. 
MERKLEY, Mr. CASEY, Ms. ROSEN, Ms. 
SMITH, Mr. DURBIN, Ms. KLOBUCHAR, 
Mr. CARDIN, Mr. SANDERS, Ms. BALD-
WIN, and Ms. HIRONO): 
S. 282. A bill to designate a portion of the 
Arctic National Wildlife Refuge as wilder-
ness; to the Committee on Environment and 
Public Works. 
By Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. VAN 
HOLLEN, 
Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL, 
Mr. 
SCHATZ, and Mr. HEINRICH): 
S. 283. A bill to establish a National Cli-
mate Bank; to the Committee on Environ-
ment and Public Works. 
By Mr. REED: 
S. 284. A bill to support the provision of li-
brary services and technology to meet the 
needs stemming from the coronavirus; to the 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and 
Pensions. 
By Ms. BALDWIN (for herself, Mr. 
BRAUN, Mr. WHITEHOUSE, and Mr. 
BROWN): 
S. 285. A bill to amend title XIX of the So-
cial Security Act to allow States to make 
medical assistance available to inmates dur-
ing the 30-day period preceding their release; 
to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. MARKEY: 
S. 286. A bill to conduct or support further 
comprehensive research for the creation of a 
universal coronavirus vaccine; to the Com-
mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and 
Pensions. 
By Ms. BALDWIN (for herself and Mr. 
MERKLEY): 
S. 287. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Health and Human Services to issue guid-
ance to States to educate providers, man-
aged care entities, and other insurers about 
the value and process of delivering respectful 
maternal health care through diverse and 
multidisciplinary care provider models, and 
for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. BURR, 
Ms. SMITH, and Mr. SCOTT of South 
Carolina): 
S. 288. A bill to reauthorize the Stem Cell 
Therapeutic and Research Act of 2005, and 
for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. 
TILLIS, 
Ms. 
COLLINS, 
and 
Mr. 
PETERS): 
S. 289. A bill to authorize appropriations 
for offsetting the costs related to reductions 
in research productivity resulting from the 
coronavirus pandemic; to the Committee on 
Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. MARKEY: 
S. 290. A bill to amend the National Secu-
rity Act of 1947 to require the President to 
designate an employee of the National Secu-
rity Council to be responsible for pandemic 
prevention and response, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-
rity and Governmental Affairs. 
By Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Ms. 
HIRONO, Mr. BLUMENTHAL, Ms. WAR-
REN, Ms. CORTEZ MASTO, Ms. ROSEN, 
and Mr. WYDEN): 
S. 291. A bill to establish the National Of-
fice of New Americans within the Executive 
Office of the President, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. REED, 
Mr. KING, and Mr. SCOTT of Florida): 
S. 292. A bill to provide family members of 
an individual who they fear is a danger to 
himself, herself, or others, or law enforce-
ment, with new tools to prevent gun vio-
lence; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. BRAUN (for himself, Mr. 
DAINES, Mr. LANKFORD, Mr. THUNE, 
Mr. BLUNT, Mr. INHOFE, Mr. RUBIO, 
Mr. SCOTT of Florida, Mrs. BLACK-
BURN, Mr. WICKER, Mr. TILLIS, Mr. 
YOUNG, Ms. ERNST, Mr. PAUL, Mr. 
COTTON, Mr. RISCH, Mr. HAGERTY, Mr. 
HAWLEY, Mr. LEE, Mr. MORAN, and 
Mrs. HYDE-SMITH): 
S. 293. A bill to protect the dignity of fetal 
remains, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and 
Pensions. 
By Mr. BRAUN (for himself, Mr. 
INHOFE, Mr. RUBIO, Mr. MARSHALL, 
Mr. SCOTT of Florida, Mr. ROUNDS, 
Ms. ERNST, Mr. PAUL, Mr. COTTON, 
Mr. HAGERTY, Mr. SCOTT of South 
Carolina, Mr. CRAMER, Mr. MORAN, 
and Mrs. HYDE-SMITH): 
S. 294. A bill to provide for parental notifi-
cation and intervention in the case of an 
unemancipated minor seeking an abortion; 
to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. MENEN-
DEZ, Mr. YOUNG, Mr. CARDIN, Mr. 
MERKLEY, Mr. CORNYN, Ms. WARREN, 
Mr. 
DURBIN, 
Mr. 
LANKFORD, 
Mr. 
WYDEN, Mr. BLUMENTHAL, and Mr. 
COONS): 
S. 295. A bill to designate residents of the 
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region as 
Priority 2 refugees of special humanitarian 
concern, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. SCOTT of Florida (for himself 
and Mr. HAWLEY): 
S. 296. A bill to limit funding for the World 
Health Organization, and for other purposes; 
to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mr. LEE (for himself and Mr. KING): 
S. 297. A bill to make exclusive the author-
ity of the Federal Government to regulate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:20 Feb 09, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00012
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A08FE6.007
S08FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 29-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S573 
February 8, 2021 
the labeling of products made in the United 
States and introduced in interstate or for-
eign commerce, and for other purposes; to 
the Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation. 
By Mrs. BLACKBURN (for herself and 
Mr. BRAUN): 
S. 298. A bill to require the Government 
Accountability Office to study the role phar-
maceutical benefit managers play in the 
pharmaceutical supply chain and provide 
Congress 
with 
appropriate 
policy 
rec-
ommendations, and for other purposes; to 
the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions. 
By Mr. WARNER (for himself, Ms. 
HIRONO, Ms. KLOBUCHAR, and Mr. 
KAINE): 
S. 299. A bill to amend section 230 of the 
Communications Act of 1934 to reaffirm civil 
rights, victims’ rights, and consumer protec-
tions; to the Committee on Commerce, 
Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Ms. WAR-
REN, Mrs. GILLIBRAND, Ms. SMITH, Mr. 
WARNOCK, and Mr. LEAHY): 
S. 300. A bill to address the history of dis-
crimination 
against 
Black 
farmers 
and 
ranchers, to require reforms within the De-
partment of Agriculture to prevent future 
discrimination, and for other purposes; to 
the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, 
and Forestry. 
By Mr. SCOTT of Florida: 
S. 301. A bill to amend the Help America 
Vote Act of 2002 to provide Federal standards 
for mail-in ballots and reporting of election 
results with respect to elections for Federal 
office; to the Committee on Rules and Ad-
ministration. 
By Mr. SCOTT of Florida: 
S. 302. A bill to establish a program to sup-
port county and municipal government enti-
ties in reducing the spread of COVID–19 
through standardized testing and evaluation 
measures, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and 
Pensions. 
By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, 
Ms. CANTWELL, and Mr. MARKEY): 
S. 303. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Transportation to support the efforts of 
State and local governments to provide for 
priority testing of certain transportation 
workers with respect to the Coronavirus Dis-
ease 2019 (COVID–19) and require the owners 
and operators of equipment and facilities 
used by passenger or freight transportation 
employers to clean, disinfect, and sanitize 
that equipment and provide personal protec-
tive equipment to certain employees, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on Com-
merce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself, Mr. 
CRAMER, Mr. CASEY, Mr. DURBIN, Mrs. 
GILLIBRAND, and Ms. SMITH): 
S. 304. A bill to provide targeted funding 
for States and other eligible entities through 
the Social Services Block Grant program to 
address the increased burden that maintain-
ing the health and hygiene of infants and 
toddlers, medically complex children, and 
low-income adults or adults with disabilities 
who rely on adult incontinence materials 
and supplies place on families in need, the 
resultant adverse health effects on children 
and families, and the limited child care op-
tions available for infants and toddlers who 
lack sufficient diapers and diapering sup-
plies, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Finance. 
By Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself and 
Mr. DURBIN): 
S. 305. A bill to establish the Springfield 
Race Riot National Monument in the State 
of Illinois, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources. 
By Mr. VAN HOLLEN (for himself, 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN, Mr. CARDIN, Mr. 
SCHUMER, 
Mr. 
SCHATZ, 
Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL, Mr. MARKEY, Ms. COR-
TEZ MASTO, Ms. SMITH, Mrs. GILLI-
BRAND, Mr. DURBIN, Ms. WARREN, Ms. 
ROSEN, Mr. WARNER, Mr. PADILLA, 
Mr. SANDERS, Mr. WYDEN, Mr. WHITE-
HOUSE, Mr. KAINE, Mrs. MURRAY, Mr. 
BOOKER, Ms. DUCKWORTH, Mr. COONS, 
and Ms. KLOBUCHAR): 
S. 306. A bill to provide a process for grant-
ing lawful permanent resident status to 
aliens from certain countries who meet spec-
ified eligibility requirements, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-
ary. 
By Ms. CORTEZ MASTO (for herself, 
Mr. BLUNT, Ms. KLOBUCHAR, and Mr. 
CRAMER): 
S. 307. A bill to amend the Public Works 
and Economic Development Act of 1965 to 
authorize the Secretary of Commerce to 
make grants for travel promotion, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on Envi-
ronment and Public Works. 
By Mr. LEE (for himself, Mr. PAUL, Mr. 
CRAMER, Mr. BRAUN, Mr. INHOFE, and 
Mr. LANKFORD): 
S.J. Res. 7. A joint resolution disapproving 
the action of the District of Columbia Coun-
cil in approving the Minor Consent for Vac-
cinations Amendment Act of 2020; to the 
Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-
ernmental Affairs. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and 
referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself and Mr. 
CARDIN): 
S. Res. 36. A resolution reaffirming the 
strategic partnership between the United 
States and Mongolia and recognizing the 
30th anniversary of democracy in Mongolia; 
to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. 
RUBIO, Mr. DURBIN, and Mr. CARDIN): 
S. Res. 37. A resolution expressing soli-
darity with the San Isidro Movement in 
Cuba, condemning escalated attacks against 
artistic freedoms in Cuba, and calling for the 
repeal of laws that violate freedom of expres-
sion and the immediate release of arbitrarily 
detained artists, journalists, and activists; 
to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mr. SCHUMER: 
S. Res. 38. A resolution establishing proce-
dures for access to the floor of the Senate 
and the Senate Wing of the Capitol during 
impeachment proceedings against Donald 
John Trump, former President of the United 
States; considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. SCHUMER: 
S. Res. 39. A resolution to authorize the in-
stallation of appropriate equipment and fur-
niture in the Senate chamber for the im-
peachment 
proceedings 
of 
Donald 
John 
Trump, former President of the United 
States; considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. SCHUMER: 
S. Res. 40. A resolution establishing proce-
dures for access to the galleries of the Sen-
ate 
Chamber 
during 
impeachment 
pro-
ceedings of Donald John Trump, former 
President of the United States; considered 
and agreed to. 
By Mr. SCHUMER: 
S. Res. 41. A resolution allowing limited 
laptop computer access on the floor of the 
Senate during impeachment proceedings of 
Donald John Trump, former President of the 
United States; considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. SCOTT of Florida (for himself 
and Mr. RUBIO): 
S. Res. 42. A resolution honoring the 
memories of the victims of the senseless at-
tack at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High 
School on February 14, 2018; considered and 
agreed to. 
By Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. 
SCHUMER, Mr. SANDERS, Mr. WYDEN, 
Ms. 
WARREN, 
Mr. 
MERKLEY, 
Mr. 
BOOKER, Mr. BLUMENTHAL, and Mrs. 
GILLIBRAND): 
S. Res. 43. A resolution recognizing the 
duty of the Federal Government to imple-
ment an agenda to Transform, Heal, and 
Renew by Investing in a Vibrant Economy 
(‘‘THRIVE’’); to the Committee on Health, 
Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. MENEN-
DEZ, Mr. CRUZ, Mr. DURBIN, Mr. 
SCOTT of Florida, and Mr. CARDIN): 
S. Res. 44. A resolution denouncing the 
Maduro regime’s fraudulent legislative elec-
tions, the absence of acceptable conditions 
to ensure free , fair, and transparent elec-
toral processes in Venezuela, and the further 
erosion of Venezuelan democracy; to the 
Committee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mr. 
SCOTT of South Carolina, Mr. DURBIN, 
Ms. HASSAN, Ms. CORTEZ MASTO, Mr. 
MERKLEY, Mr. WYDEN, Ms. SMITH, Mr. 
MARKEY, Ms. HIRONO, Mr. BROWN, Mr. 
VAN
HOLLEN, Mr. MENENDEZ, Ms. 
DUCKWORTH, Mr. BLUMENTHAL, Mr. 
COONS, Ms. BALDWIN, Mrs. MURRAY, 
Mr. WARNER, Mr. KAINE, Mrs. FEIN-
STEIN, Ms. ROSEN, Mr. MURPHY, Ms. 
SINEMA, Mrs. SHAHEEN, Mr. WHITE-
HOUSE, Mr. SCHATZ, Mrs. GILLIBRAND, 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR, Mr. KING, Mr. BEN-
NET, Ms. WARREN, Mr. OSSOFF, Mr. 
HEINRICH, Mr. SANDERS, Mr. CARPER, 
Mr. CASEY, Mr. REED, Mr. CARDIN, 
Ms. 
CANTWELL, 
Mr. 
BLUNT, 
Mr. 
TILLIS, Mr. CRAPO, Mr. GRASSLEY, 
Mr. RISCH, Mr. CRAMER, Mr. WICKER, 
Mr. 
SULLIVAN, 
Mr. 
SHELBY, 
Mr. 
RUBIO, Mr. SCOTT
of Florida, Mr. 
PORTMAN, Ms. ERNST, and Mr. BURR): 
S. Res. 45. A resolution celebrating Black 
History Month; to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary. 
By Mr. SCHUMER (for himself, Ms. 
WARREN, Mr. BROWN, Mr. DURBIN, Ms. 
DUCKWORTH, Mr. MERKLEY, Mr. MAR-
KEY, Mr. VAN HOLLEN, Mr. SCHATZ, 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL, Mr. BOOKER, Mr. 
WYDEN, Mr. LUJA´ N, Mr. MENENDEZ, 
Mr. SANDERS, and Mr. OSSOFF): 
S. Res. 46. A resolution calling on the 
President of the United States to take execu-
tive action to broadly cancel Federal student 
loan debt; to the Committee on Health, Edu-
cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 14 
At the request of Mr. CARDIN, the 
name of the Senator from Rhode Island 
(Mr. WHITEHOUSE) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 14, a bill to identify and 
combat corruption in countries, to es-
tablish a tiered system of countries 
with respect to levels of corruption by 
their governments and their efforts to 
combat such corruption, and to evalu-
ate foreign persons engaged in grand 
corruption for inclusion as specially 
designated nationals under the Global 
Magnitsky Human Rights Account-
ability Act. 
S. 24 
At the request of Ms. KLOBUCHAR, the 
name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:12 Feb 09, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00013
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A08FE6.009
S08FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 30-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S574 
February 8, 2021 
CORTEZ MASTO) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 24, a bill to protect the per-
sonal health data of all Americans. 
S. 35 
At the request of Mr. VAN HOLLEN, 
the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania (Mr. TOOMEY) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 35, a bill to award a Con-
gressional Gold Medal to Officer Eu-
gene Goodman. 
S. 85 
At the request of Mr. SCHUMER, the 
names of the Senator from Connecticut 
(Mr. BLUMENTHAL), the Senator from 
Maryland (Mr. CARDIN), the Senator 
from Vermont (Mr. LEAHY), the Sen-
ator from Connecticut (Mr. MURPHY) 
and the Senator from Maryland (Mr. 
VAN HOLLEN) were added as cosponsors 
of S. 85, a bill to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the limi-
tation on the deduction for certain 
taxes, including State and local prop-
erty and income taxes. 
S. 93 
At the request of Mr. CARDIN, the 
names of the Senator from Delaware 
(Mr. COONS) and the Senator from 
Rhode Island (Mr. WHITEHOUSE) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 93, a bill to 
amend the Global Magnitsky Human 
Rights Accountability Act to modify 
the foreign persons subject to sanc-
tions and to remove the sunset for the 
imposition of sanctions, and for other 
purposes. 
S. 124 
At the request of Mr. LEE, the name 
of the Senator from Mississippi (Mrs. 
HYDE-SMITH) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 124, a bill to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to provide that 
amounts paid for an abortion are not 
taken into account for purposes of the 
deduction for medical expenses. 
S. 125 
At the request of Mr. LEE, the name 
of the Senator from Mississippi (Mrs. 
HYDE-SMITH) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 125, a bill to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to prohibit treat-
ment of certain distributions and reim-
bursements for certain abortions as 
qualified medical expenses. 
S. 145 
At the request of Mr. DAINES, the 
names of the Senator from Maryland 
(Mr. VAN
HOLLEN) and the Senator 
from California (Mrs. FEINSTEIN) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 145, a bill to 
amend title 5, United States Code, to 
repeal the requirement that the United 
States Postal Service prepay future re-
tirement benefits, and for other pur-
poses. 
S. 158 
At the request of Mr. CARDIN, the 
name of the Senator from Rhode Island 
(Mr. WHITEHOUSE) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 158, a bill to promote 
international efforts in combating cor-
ruption, kleptocracy, and illicit fi-
nance by foreign officials and other 
foreign persons, including through a 
new anti-corruption action fund, and 
for other purposes. 
S. 171 
At the request of Mr. DAINES, the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas 
(Mr. BOOZMAN) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 171, a bill to authorize the 
Keystone XL Pipeline. 
S. 206 
At the request of Mr. LEE, the name 
of the Senator from North Dakota (Mr. 
CRAMER) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
206, a bill to amend titles XIX and XXI 
of the Social Security Act to require 
hospitals and certain other partici-
pating providers under Medicaid or the 
Children’s Health Insurance Program 
to disclose the provider’s policy on pa-
rental consent for the provision, with-
drawal, or denial of life-sustaining 
treatment for minors, and for other 
purposes. 
S. 207 
At the request of Mr. LEE, the name 
of the Senator from North Dakota (Mr. 
CRAMER) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
207, a bill to amend titles XIX and XXI 
of the Social Security Act to require 
hospitals and certain other partici-
pating providers under Medicaid or the 
Children’s Health Insurance Program 
to disclose the provider’s policy on pa-
rental access to the medical records of 
minors, and for other purposes. 
S. 239 
At the request of Mr. RISCH, the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin 
(Mr. JOHNSON) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 239, a bill to permanently enact 
certain appropriations Act restrictions 
on the use of funds for abortions and 
involuntary 
sterilizations, 
and 
for 
other purposes. 
S. 247 
At the request of Mr. LEE, the names 
of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. 
BOOZMAN) and the Senator from Indi-
ana (Mr. BRAUN) were added as cospon-
sors of S. 247, a bill to amend the Fair 
Labor Standards Act of 1938 to provide 
compensatory time for employees in 
the private sector. 
S. 255 
At the request of Mr. WICKER, the 
names of the Senator from Louisiana 
(Mr. CASSIDY) and the Senator from 
Delaware (Mr. COONS) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 255, a bill to establish a 
$120,000,000,000 Restaurant Revitaliza-
tion Fund to provide structured relief 
to food service or drinking establish-
ments, and for other purposes. 
S. 259 
At the request of Ms. KLOBUCHAR, the 
name of the Senator from Michigan 
(Mr. PETERS) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 259, a bill to amend the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to allow 
for the personal importation of safe 
and affordable drugs from approved 
pharmacies in Canada. 
S. 262 
At the request of Mr. DURBIN, his 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 
262, a bill to allow tax credits to State 
and local governments for paid sick 
leave and paid family and medical 
leave. 
S. 263 
At the request of Mr. DURBIN, the 
names of the Senator from Michigan 
(Ms. STABENOW) and the Senator from 
Michigan (Mr. PETERS) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 263, a bill to preserve 
health benefits for workers. 
S. RES. 35 
At the request of Mr. CARDIN, the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. 
DURBIN) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
Res. 35, a resolution condemning the 
military coup that took place on Feb-
ruary 1, 2021, in Burma and the Bur-
mese military’s detention of civilian 
leaders, calling for an immediate and 
unconditional release of all those de-
tained and for those elected to serve in 
parliament to resume their duties 
without impediment, and for other pur-
poses. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTION 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself 
and Mrs. CAPITO): 
S. 273. A bill to improve the manage-
ment of driftnet fishing; to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
am pleased to introduce the ‘‘Driftnet 
Modernization and Bycatch Reduction 
Act.’’ I thank Senator CAPITO for her 
cosponsorship as well as continued 
partnership on this important legisla-
tion. 
This bipartisan bill passed the Senate 
last Congress by unanimous consent 
and then passed the House of Rep-
resentatives in December 2020. Unfortu-
nately, then President Trump chose to 
veto the bill based on misguided policy 
and inaccurate data. 
I urge my colleagues to once again 
support this bill, which solely affects 
California fishery management, but 
has far-reaching beneficial impacts for 
a wide range of marine animals, includ-
ing endangered species. This legisla-
tion modernizes a commercial fishery 
to promote sustainable fishery man-
agement and creates a win-win for con-
servation goals and commercial fishing 
profitability. 
THE ISSUE 
Large mesh drift gillnets, as defined 
in this legislation, have a mesh hole 
size of 14 inches or greater and are used 
to target swordfish and thresher shark 
off 
the 
California 
coast. 
However, 
alarmingly, these nets utilized by this 
one fishery in Federal waters, accord-
ing to NOAA, are responsible for 90% of 
porpoise and dolphin deaths in all west 
coast fisheries combined. 
These substantially sized nets are be-
tween 1 and 1.5 miles long and extend 
more than 100 feet below the ocean’s 
surface. This creates a ‘‘net wall’’ that 
ensnares approximately 60 non-target 
species, known as bycatch, leading to 
severe harm or drowning of endangered 
marine turtles, whales, dolphin, and 
numerous fish species. 
In addition to being banned every-
where else in the United States and in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:20 Feb 09, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00014
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A08FE6.013
S08FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 31-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S575 
February 8, 2021 
some international waters, these spe-
cific nets were also banned in Califor-
nia’s state waters in 2018. This bill 
would bring much needed parity to 
state and federal laws on the west 
coast. 
After the State ban, a large majority 
of the remaining commercial fishery 
using drift gillnet gear voluntarily 
turned in their permits to the State 
and received compensation to transi-
tion to alternative, sustainable gear, 
such as deep set buoy gear. 
This bill is critically needed to com-
plete the transition of the fishery and 
provide Federal partnership to the suc-
cessful State program. The Federal 
waters off the California coast are the 
last place in the United States where 
these dangerous nets are still used. 
HOW OUR BILL WOULD HELP 
This bill is identical to the legisla-
tion that passed in the 116th Congress. 
It provides a common-sense solution by 
phasing out drift gillnets over a five- 
year period from enactment in favor of 
more sustainable alternatives, such as 
deep-set buoy gear. This sustainable 
gear has already been proven to yield 
higher market prices for fishermen and 
considerably reduces the amount of by-
catch. 
In fact, 2020 landings data from the 
PacFIN database for swordfish shows 
that drift gillnet gear caught only 19.8 
metric tons of swordfish at an average 
of $3.62 per pound yielding a total of 
$157,728. In the same fishing season, 
deep set buoy gear caught 79.4 metric 
tons of swordfish at an average of $5.88 
per pound for a total value of $1,028,932. 
Important to note, deep set buoy gear 
also had an extremely low bycatch 
rate—less than 2 percent—illustrating 
how this fishery can be both more sus-
tainable and profitable. 
The transition program includes a 
grant authorization for Federal fund-
ing to match State funds for local fish-
ermen to exchange their current per-
mits and purchase new, sustainable 
gear. 
This bill has broad support at the 
State and Federal level, as well as na-
tional 
groups 
such 
as 
American 
Sportfishing Association and Oceana. 
In addition, this bill includes a provi-
sion important to the Pacific halibut 
fishery in Alaska that I have worked 
with Senator SULLIVAN and the Com-
merce Committee to include. 
The provision would enable the Sec-
retary of Commerce to approve certain 
charter vessel operators who guide rec-
reational anglers and harvest Pacific 
halibut in certain federal waters to col-
lect fees that would fund the Rec-
reational Quota Entity Program for 
the purposes of halibut conservation 
and research. 
I look forward to working with my 
colleagues to once again pass the 
‘‘Driftnet Modernization and Bycatch 
Reduction Act’’, and I urge them to 
support the swift passage of this bipar-
tisan bill. 
Thank you once again to Senator 
CAPITO and to Commerce Committee 
leadership, Senator CANTWELL and Sen-
ator WICKER
for their assistance on 
this important legislation. 
Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the 
Floor. 
By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. 
BURR, 
Ms. 
SMITH, 
and 
Mr. 
SCOTT of South Carolina): 
S. 288. A bill to reauthorize the Stem 
Cell Therapeutic and Research Act of 
2005, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee 
on 
Health, 
Education, 
Labor, and Pensions. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, today I am 
pleased to introduce the Timely Reau-
thorization of Necessary Stem Cell 
Programs Lends Access to Needed 
Therapies (TRANSPLANT) Act of 2021 
with Senators RICHARD
BURR, TINA 
SMITH, and TIM SCOTT. This bill offers 
promise to the tens of thousands of in-
dividuals diagnosed with leukemia and 
lymphomas, sickle cell anemia, and 
rare genetic blood disorders. 
Our bipartisan legislation renews the 
C. W. Bill Young Cell Transplantation 
Program and the National Cord Blood 
Inventory (NCBI), the only programs in 
the Country that maintain donor reg-
istries for individuals in need of a bone 
marrow and umbilical cord blood trans-
plantation. Over twenty-two million 
Americans are registered bone marrow 
donors resulting in nearly 6,500 trans-
plants just last year. In the years since 
NCBI 
was 
established, 
more 
than 
300,000 cord blood units have been col-
lected, facilitating more than 100,000 
blood 
stem 
cell 
transplants. 
The 
TRANSPLANT Act would reaffirm the 
commitment to these life-saving pro-
grams, which have been helping to con-
nect individuals in need of bone mar-
row or umbilical cord blood transplants 
with donors for more than two decades. 
The public registries, made up of do-
nors from all over the country, have 
been a true lifeline for the Americans 
who have found an unrelated match. 
By strengthening and enhancing the 
important programs operating these 
registries, many more Americans will 
be afforded the opportunity to find a 
match if they are ever in need. I look 
forward to swift consideration of this 
legislation in the Senate Health, Edu-
cation, Labor, and Pensions Committee 
and working toward passage in the full 
Senate. 
By Mr. WARNER (for himself, 
Ms. HIRONO, Ms. KLOBUCHAR, 
and Mr. KAINE): 
S. 299. A bill to amend section 230 of 
the Communications Act of 1934 to re-
affirm civil rights, victims’ rights, and 
consumer protections; to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation. 
Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, I rise 
today to introduce the Safeguarding 
Against Fraud, Exploitation, Threats, 
Extremism and Consumer Harms Act, 
also known as the SAFE TECH Act. I 
thank my colleagues, Senator WARNER 
and Senator KLOBUCHAR, for working 
with me on this important piece of leg-
islation, which fulfills the promise of 
Section 230 of the Communications De-
cency Act by forcing internet compa-
nies to finally address the serious 
harms their platforms cause—harms 
like civil rights and human rights vio-
lations, stalking and harassment, and 
wrongful death. 
Section 230—often called the law that 
created the internet—was passed in 
1996. For some context, in 1996, Google 
was two years from being founded. 
Mark Zuckerberg was in middle school. 
And, the internet effectively shut down 
for nineteen hours when a technical 
glitch took American Online offline. 
The law was passed with a noble goal 
in mind: to encourage operators of 
then-nascent internet message boards 
to act as ‘‘Good Samaritans’’ and vol-
untarily police illegal and harmful con-
tent posted by third parties. Section 
230 accomplished this goal by declaring 
that ‘‘[n]o provider or user of an inter-
active computer service shall be treat-
ed as the publisher or speaker of any 
information provided by another infor-
mation content provider.’’ These twen-
ty-six words have effectively shielded 
internet platforms from liability for 
any harm caused by content posted by 
third parties for the past twenty-five 
years. 
Unfortunately, 
whatever 
incentive 
Section 230 was meant to provide to en-
courage internet platforms to police 
content has proven to be no incentive 
at all. The statute’s broad immunity 
applies whether a platform carefully 
reviews each piece of content posted by 
a user or performs no content modera-
tion whatsoever. It immunizes plat-
forms that have actual knowledge ille-
gal content has been posted. It even ap-
plies if the platform itself encouraged 
the user to post the content. The result 
has been internet platforms large and 
small turning a blind eye to the real- 
world harms they cause. 
Let me tell you about a few of those 
real-world harms. 
Over the course of five months in late 
2016 and early 2017, Matthew Herrick 
was harassed and physically assaulted 
by men directed to his home and office 
by the gay dating app Grindr. These 
men—over 1,100 in total—were respond-
ing to a fake profile created by Mr. 
Herrick’s ex-boyfriend. Grindr was on 
notice of both the fake profile and its 
harmful effects. Mr. Herrick and his 
friends filed approximately fifty re-
ports with the company reporting the 
problem and seeking help. But the 
company did nothing while Mr. Herrick 
suffered. 
On 
October 
21, 
2012, 
Radcliffe 
Haughton walked into a Wisconsin spa 
and shot and killed three women, in-
cluding his estranged wife, and wound-
ed four others before turning the gun 
on himself. He had purchased the gun 
the prior day from a private seller he 
found on the online gun marketplace 
Armslist.com. He was able to purchase 
the gun even though his wife had re-
cently obtained a domestic abuse re-
straining order that specifically pro-
hibited Mr. Haughton from purchasing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:12 Feb 09, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00015
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A08FE6.019
S08FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 32-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S576 
February 8, 2021 
a gun. For all intents and purposes, 
Armslist was designed to facilitate 
such illegal sales. It precluded users 
from flagging illegal sales; it allowed 
people to anonymously purchase guns 
without a background check; and it en-
abled prohibited purchasers to search 
only for sellers that did not check 
criminal backgrounds or keep records. 
Mr. Haughton took advantage of these 
features and, as a result, three people 
are dead. 
On August 25, 2020, 17-year-old Kyle 
Rittenhouse shot and killed two people 
and injured a third on the streets of 
Kenosha, Wisconsin during a protest of 
the police shooting of Jacob Blake. Mr. 
Rittenhouse was one of many armed, 
right-wing counter-protesters encour-
aged 
to 
travel 
to 
Kenosha 
by 
a 
Facebook page run by a group called 
‘‘Kenosha Guard’’ that asked if any fol-
lowers would be willing to ‘‘take up 
arms and defend [the city] from the 
evil thugs.’’ Despite being flagged to 
Facebook at least 455 times as a call to 
violence, the company left the page up. 
In none of these cases did Grindr, 
Armslist, and Facebook act like ‘‘Good 
Samaritans.’’ They did not voluntarily 
police the content on their platforms. 
Instead, they either actively encour-
aged or turned a blind eye to dangerous 
and illegal content knowing full well 
Section 230 immunized them for any 
harm their platforms caused. Any at-
tempt by victims to hold the platforms 
accountable for their roles would be 
blocked by Section 230. 
Under the SAFE TECH Act, this 
would no longer be the case. This bill 
would ensure that internet companies 
either address the serious problems 
they are causing or face potential li-
ability. It does so by creating targeted 
exceptions to Section 230’s broad im-
munity, including exceptions for adver-
tisements and other paid content; 
claims 
for 
injunctive 
relief; 
civil 
rights, stalking, and harassment laws; 
wrongful death actions; and suits under 
the Alien Tort Claims Act. 
Introducing these exceptions to Sec-
tion 230 does not guarantee that plat-
forms will be held liable in all—or even 
most—cases where they cause real- 
world harm. But it will give victims 
the opportunity to make their case. By 
doing so, the SAFE TECH Act will pun-
ish those bad actors who are actively 
encouraging or turning a blind eye to 
dangerous and illegal content, while al-
lowing true ‘‘Good Samaritans’’ to 
flourish online. That was the promise 
of Section 230. After twenty-five years, 
it’s about time we realize that promise. 
I therefore encourage my colleagues 
to support the SAFE TECH Act. 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE 
RESOLUTION 
36—RE-
AFFIRMING 
THE 
STRATEGIC 
PARTNERSHIP 
BETWEEN 
THE 
UNITED STATES AND MONGOLIA 
AND RECOGNIZING THE 30TH AN-
NIVERSARY OF DEMOCRACY IN 
MONGOLIA 
Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself and Mr. 
CARDIN) submitted the following reso-
lution; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations: 
S. RES. 36 
Whereas the United States and Mongolia 
established diplomatic relations in January 
1987, and since that time the relationship has 
grown stronger based on shared strategic in-
terests, security cooperation, democratic 
values, good governance, and respect for 
human rights; 
Whereas, since its peaceful democratic rev-
olution in 1989, through a series of initia-
tives, Mongolia has charted a successful path 
to multiparty democracy and a free market 
economy; 
Whereas, in 1990, the Government of Mon-
golia declared an end to a one-party and au-
thoritarian political system and adopted 
democratic and free market reforms; 
Whereas, in 1992, Mongolia adopted a con-
stitution establishing a democracy, becom-
ing the first country in Asia to transition 
from communism to democracy; 
Whereas Mongolia has shown its commit-
ment to a ‘‘third neighbor’’ relationship with 
the United States by sending troops to sup-
port United States operations in Iraq from 
2003 through 2008 and Afghanistan since 2009, 
and Mongolia has a strong record of troop 
contributions to international peacekeeping 
missions; 
Whereas 
successive 
Mongolian 
govern-
ments have taken notable steps to strength-
en civil society, battle corruption, and spur 
economic development; 
Whereas the Parliament of Mongolia, the 
State Great Khural, has engaged with Con-
gress, including through the House Democ-
racy Partnership, thereby promoting respon-
sive and effective governance through peer- 
to-peer cooperation; 
Whereas Mongolia began as a partner to 
the Organization for Security and Co-oper-
ation in Europe (OSCE) in 2004, graduated to 
become a participating state in 2012, and par-
ticipates actively in the work of the OSCE 
for stability, peace, and democracy; 
Whereas Mongolia has regularly invited 
the OSCE and other organizations to send 
monitoring teams for its presidential and 
parliamentary elections; 
Whereas Mongolia has also been an active 
member of the Community of Democracies 
(CoD), a global coalition of states that sup-
port adherence to common democratic val-
ues and standards, and Mongolia has not 
only remained active since the founding of 
the CoD in 2000, but successfully chaired the 
CoD from 2011 through 2013; 
Whereas, in addition to supporting the 
OSCE and the CoD, Mongolia supports demo-
cratic initiatives while participating in a 
wide range of other global institutions; 
Whereas, most recently, on June 24, 2020, 
Mongolia successfully organized parliamen-
tary elections, strengthening its commit-
ment to democracy and the rule of law; 
Whereas the success of Mongolia as a de-
mocracy and its strategic location, sov-
ereignty, territorial integrity, and ability to 
pursue an independent foreign policy are im-
portant to the national security of the 
United States; 
Whereas the United States has provided 
support to Mongolia through the Millennium 
Challenge Corporation through an initial 
compact signed in 2007 designed to increase 
economic growth and reduce poverty and a 
second compact signed in 2018 involving in-
vestments in water infrastructure, including 
supply and wastewater recycling, as well as 
water sector sustainability; 
Whereas, on September 20, 2018, the United 
States and Mongolia released a joint state-
ment and the ‘‘Roadmap for Expanded Eco-
nomic 
Partnership 
between 
the 
United 
States and Mongolia,’’ outlining the intent 
to deepen the bilateral commercial relation-
ship, including through full implementation 
of the obligations under the Agreement on 
Transparency in Matters Related to Inter-
national Trade and Investment between the 
United States of America and Mongolia, 
signed at New York September 24, 2013 (in 
this preamble referred to as the ‘‘United 
States-Mongolia Transparency Agreement’’), 
and collaboration in supporting Mongolian 
small- and medium-sized enterprises through 
various programs and projects; 
Whereas, according to the Bureau of the 
Census, trade between the United States and 
Mongolia is modest but growing, with total 
trade in 2019 between the two countries of 
approximately 
$217,400,000, 
including 
$192,800,000 in United States exports to Mon-
golia and $24,600,000 in United States imports 
from Mongolia; 
Whereas Mongolia is a beneficiary country 
under the Generalized System of Preferences 
program, but its use of the program remains 
low, as, in 2018, only $3,200,000 of exports 
from Mongolia to the United States were 
under the program; and 
Whereas, on July 31, 2019, the United 
States and Mongolia declared the bilateral 
relationship a Strategic Partnership and 
noted the shared desire— 
(1) to intensify cooperation as strong de-
mocracies based on the rule of law through 
safeguarding and promoting democratic val-
ues and human rights, including the free-
doms of religion or belief, expression, includ-
ing internet and media freedom, assembly, 
and association, anticorruption and fiscal 
transparency, and youth and emerging lead-
er development; 
(2) to cooperate in promoting national se-
curity and stability across the Indo-Pacific 
region so that all countries, secure in their 
sovereignty, are able to pursue economic 
growth consistent with international law 
and principles of fair competition; 
(3) to deepen national security and law-en-
forcement ties through collaboration on bi-
lateral and multilateral security, judicial, 
and law-enforcement efforts in the region; 
(4) to strengthen cooperation in multilat-
eral engagements such as peacekeeping, hu-
manitarian assistance, and disaster pre-
paredness and relief operations; 
(5) to expand trade and investment rela-
tions on a fair and reciprocal basis, support 
private sector-led growth, fully implement 
the United States-Mongolia Transparency 
Agreement, promote women’s entrepreneur-
ship, and continue to explore support for in-
frastructure under the new United States 
International Development Finance Corpora-
tion with the new tools provided under the 
BUILD Act of 2018 (22 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.); 
(6) to strengthen border security, prevent 
illegal transshipment and trafficking, ex-
pand cooperation on civil aviation safety and 
oversight, and efficiently facilitate legiti-
mate travel between Mongolia and the 
United States; 
(7) to increase cooperation in addressing 
transnational threats such as terrorism, 
human trafficking, drug trafficking, the pro-
liferation of weapons of mass destruction, 
cyberattacks, transnational organized crime, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:20 Feb 09, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00016
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A08FE6.015
S08FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 33-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S577 
February 8, 2021 
pandemics, and other emerging nontradi-
tional security threats; 
(8) to continue to develop an environment 
in which civil society, social media, and a 
free and independent media can flourish; and 
(9) to maintain high-level official dia-
logues, encourage bilateral exchanges at all 
levels of government, and further develop 
people-to-people exchanges to deepen en-
gagement on issues of mutual interest and 
concern: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) recognizes the importance of the rela-
tionship between the United States and Mon-
golia and remains committed to advancing 
this Strategic Partnership in the future; 
(2) emphasizes the importance of free and 
fair elections in Mongolia; 
(3) applauds the continued engagement of 
Mongolia in the Organization for Security 
and Co-operation in Europe, the Community 
of Democracies, congressional-parliamentary 
partnerships, including continued high-level 
parliamentary exchange, and other institu-
tions that promote democratic values, which 
reinforces the commitment of the people and 
the Government of Mongolia to those values 
and standards; 
(4) encourages the United States Govern-
ment to help Mongolia use its benefits under 
the Generalized System of Preferences pro-
gram and other relevant programs to in-
crease trade between the United States and 
Mongolia; 
(5) urges the United States International 
Development Finance Corporation to expand 
activities in Mongolia to support economic 
development, diversification of the economy 
of Mongolia, and women-owned small- and 
medium-sized enterprises; 
(6) urges private and public support to help 
diversify the economy of Mongolia through 
increased cooperation and investments, as 
well 
as 
infrastructure 
and 
other 
vital 
projects; 
(7) urges the Department of State, the 
United States Agency for International De-
velopment, and other relevant agencies to 
continue to support Mongolia’s democratic 
and economic development and efforts on 
anticorruption; 
(8) reaffirms the importance of civil soci-
ety to the continued democratic develop-
ment of Mongolia; 
(9) encourages the Government of Mongolia 
to build a regulatory system that supports 
and encourages the growth and operation of 
independent nongovernmental organizations 
and continues to pursue policies of trans-
parency that uphold democratic values; and 
(10) encourages the Government of Mon-
golia to continue legal reform, institutional 
capacity building, and to improve the inde-
pendence of other democratic institutions. 
f 
SENATE 
RESOLUTION 
37—EX-
PRESSING 
SOLIDARITY 
WITH 
THE SAN ISIDRO MOVEMENT IN 
CUBA, CONDEMNING ESCALATED 
ATTACKS 
AGAINST 
ARTISTIC 
FREEDOMS IN CUBA, AND CALL-
ING FOR THE REPEAL OF LAWS 
THAT VIOLATE FREEDOM OF EX-
PRESSION AND THE IMMEDIATE 
RELEASE OF ARBITRARILY DE-
TAINED ARTISTS, JOURNALISTS, 
AND ACTIVISTS 
Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. 
RUBIO, Mr. DURBIN, and Mr. CARDIN) 
submitted the following resolution; 
which was referred to the Committee 
on Foreign Relations: 
S. RES. 37 
Whereas artists, journalists, and activists 
in Cuba have faced increased censorship, per-
secution, and arbitrary detention by the 
Government of Cuba as a result of Decrees 
349 and 370, which seek to restrict artistic 
freedoms and silence independent media in 
Cuba; 
Whereas, in December 2018, Decree 349 en-
tered into force, requiring that artists and 
those who hire them receive prior approval 
from the Government of Cuba to operate in 
public or private spaces or otherwise be sub-
ject to confiscation of materials, fines, or 
sanctions without the right to an appeal; 
Whereas, in July 2019, Decree 370 entered 
into force, regulating and imposing sanc-
tions with respect to the free distribution of 
information through the internet and lead-
ing to increased repression, arbitrary deten-
tions, and censorship by the Government of 
Cuba; 
Whereas 
international 
human 
rights 
groups, including Human Rights Watch, Am-
nesty International, the United Nations Of-
fice of the High Commissioner for Human 
Rights, and the Inter-American Commission 
on Human Rights, have condemned Decrees 
349 and 370 as violating fundamental free-
doms and contradicting Article 54 of the 2019 
Constitution of Cuba, which guarantees free-
dom of expression; 
Whereas, in 2018, the San Isidro Movement 
(MSI), an organization of artists, activists, 
academics, and journalists, began to peace-
fully protest increased censorship and perse-
cution in Cuba; 
Whereas Denis Solı´s Gonza´lez, a musician 
and member of the San Isidro Movement, 
was detained on November 9, 2020, and sen-
tenced to 8 months in prison on ‘‘contempt 
of authority’’ charges after sharing a live 
video online of a police officer entering his 
home without a warrant; 
Whereas, on November 19, 2020, artists and 
activists from the San Isidro Movement 
launched a day of poetry and gathered at a 
private residence to discuss actions to pro-
test the arbitrary detention of Denis Solı´s 
Gonza´lez, and during that peaceful activity, 
state police blocked access to the house, con-
fiscating all food and humanitarian supplies; 
Whereas, in response to the events of No-
vember 19, 2020, 17 independent artists and 
activists went on a 7-day hunger strike at 
the private residence, during which state au-
thorities 
allegedly 
contaminated 
water 
sources in order to sicken the artists and ac-
tivists; 
Whereas, on November 26, 2020, state secu-
rity agents forcibly entered the protest site 
to remove the 17 artists and activists, block-
ing internet connectivity and communica-
tions throughout Cuba during the raid; 
Whereas, on November 27, 2020, approxi-
mately 300 people gathered outside the Min-
istry of Culture of Cuba to peacefully protest 
the lack of artistic freedom in Cuba and the 
arbitrary arrest of Denis Solı´s Gonza´lez and 
other artists and activists in an unprece-
dented demonstration against the Govern-
ment of Cuba, and, despite the use of tear 
gas by state security forces, the protesters 
were undeterred; 
Whereas, as a result of the protest on No-
vember 27, 2020, Cuban officials met with 30 
artists and activists, including 5 leaders of 
the San Isidro Movement, and agreed to stop 
harassment of Cuban artists and initiate a 
dialogue between the San Isidro Movement, 
other activists, and the government; 
Whereas, despite that commitment by 
Cuban officials, the Government of Cuba sub-
sequently escalated its attacks against the 
artists and activists who participated in the 
meeting, 
including 
by 
surrounding 
and 
blocking access to their homes; 
Whereas the Cuban regime used state-con-
trolled media to label the acts of peaceful 
protest by the San Isidro Movement as trea-
son, which, according to Article 4 of the 2019 
Constitution of Cuba, is a crime subject to 
imprisonment and penalty of death; 
Whereas, on December 4, 2020, the Govern-
ment of Cuba unilaterally ended the dialogue 
process with Cuban artists and independent 
civil society and political activists; 
Whereas, on January 27, 2021, officials of 
the Ministry of Culture, led by Minister 
Alpidio Alonso and Vice Ministers Fernando 
Rojas and Fernando Leo´n Jacomino, phys-
ically assaulted a group of 20 to 30 artists 
who had gathered outside the Ministry of 
Culture to restart a dialogue process with 
authorities and demand an end to the repres-
sion of the artistic community; 
Whereas, following the assault on the 
group by Minister Alonso and Vice Ministers 
Rojas and Jacomino, Cuban state security 
forces violently detained protesters; and 
Whereas, despite the suspension of the dia-
logue process by the Government of Cuba, 
artists, activists, and independent journal-
ists continue to bravely advocate for funda-
mental freedoms and denounce human rights 
violations in Cuba: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) stands in solidarity with the members 
of the San Isidro Movement and their efforts 
to advance freedom of expression in Cuba; 
(2) calls on Cuban authorities to engage in 
a meaningful dialogue process with the 
members of the San Isidro Movement and 
other artists and activists seeking to ad-
vance freedom of expression in Cuba; 
(3) calls on the Government of Cuba to im-
mediately release Denis Solı´s Gonza´lez and 
other arbitrarily imprisoned artists and 
journalists; 
(4) urges the officials of the Ministry of 
Culture of Cuba to refrain from physical vio-
lence and any other acts of repression 
against Cuban artists and journalists; 
(5) calls for the immediate repeal of De-
crees 349 and 370 and other laws in Cuba that 
violate freedom of expression; 
(6) urges democratic governments and leg-
islatures in Europe and Latin America to 
renew their support for democratic activists 
in Cuba and speak out against the repression 
of artists and journalists in Cuba; and 
(7) encourages the Secretary of State to 
condemn the persecution, threats, and in-
timidation of Cuban artists and journalists. 
f 
SENATE 
RESOLUTION 
38—ESTAB-
LISHING PROCEDURES FOR AC-
CESS TO THE FLOOR OF THE 
SENATE AND THE SENATE WING 
OF THE CAPITOL DURING IM-
PEACHMENT 
PROCEEDINGS 
AGAINST DONALD JOHN TRUMP, 
FORMER 
PRESIDENT 
OF 
THE 
UNITED STATES 
Mr. SCHUMER submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was consid-
ered and agreed to: 
S. RES. 38 
Resolved, 
SECTION 1. SENATE FLOOR ACCESS. 
During impeachment proceedings against 
Donald John Trump, former President of the 
United States, the following procedures re-
lating to access to the Senate floor shall 
apply: 
(1) IN GENERAL.— 
(A) ENTRANCE THROUGH CLOAKROOMS.—Indi-
viduals with privileges under rule XXIII of 
the Standing Rules of the Senate (as limited 
by paragraph (2) of this section), or with 
privileges under paragraph (3) of this section, 
shall access the floor of the Senate through 
the cloakrooms only, unless otherwise di-
rected by the Sergeant at Arms and Door-
keeper of the Senate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:20 Feb 09, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00017
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A08FE6.023
S08FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 34-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S578 
February 8, 2021 
(B) GENERAL LIMITS ON ACCESS.—Access to 
the floor of the Senate shall be limited to 
the number of vacant seats available on the 
floor of the Senate based on protocol consid-
erations enforced by the Secretary for the 
Majority, the Secretary for the Minority, 
and the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper of 
the Senate. 
(C) SEATING
REQUIREMENTS.—All individ-
uals with access to the floor of the Senate 
shall remain seated at all times. 
(2) LIMITED
STAFF
ACCESS.—Officers and 
employees of the Senate, including members 
of the staffs of committees of the Senate or 
joint committees of the Congress and em-
ployees in the office of a Senator, shall not 
have privileges under rule XXIII of the 
Standing Rules of the Senate to access the 
floor of the Senate, except as needed for offi-
cial impeachment proceeding duties in ac-
cordance with the following: 
(A) The Majority Leader and the Minority 
Leader shall each be limited to not more 
than 4 assistants. 
(B) The Secretary of the Senate and the 
Assistant Secretary of the Senate shall each 
have access, and the legislative staff of the 
Secretary of the Senate shall be permitted as 
needed under the supervision of the Sec-
retary of the Senate. 
(C) The Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper 
of the Senate and the Deputy Sergeant at 
Arms and Doorkeeper shall each have access, 
and doorkeepers shall be permitted as needed 
under the supervision of the Sergeant at 
Arms and Doorkeeper of the Senate. 
(D) The Secretary for the Majority (or a re-
placement designated by such Secretary), 
the Secretary for the Minority (or a replace-
ment designated by such Secretary), the As-
sistant Secretary for the Majority, and the 
Assistant Secretary for the Minority shall 
each have access, and cloakroom employees 
shall be permitted as needed under the super-
vision of the Secretary for the Majority or 
the Secretary for the Minority, as appro-
priate. 
(E) The Senate Legal Counsel and the Dep-
uty Senate Legal Counsel shall have access 
on an as-needed basis. 
(F) The Parliamentarian of the Senate and 
assistants to the Parliamentarian of the 
Senate shall have access on an as-needed 
basis. 
(G) Counsel for the Secretary of the Senate 
and the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper of 
the Senate shall have access on an as-needed 
basis. 
(H) The minimum number of chamber as-
sistants necessary to carry out their duties, 
as determined by the Sergeant at Arms and 
Doorkeeper of the Senate and under the su-
pervision of the Secretary for the Majority 
or the Secretary for the Minority, as appro-
priate, shall have access. 
(3) OTHER INDIVIDUALS WITH SENATE FLOOR 
ACCESS.—The 
following 
individuals 
shall 
have privileges of access to the floor of the 
Senate: 
(A) Not more than 1 assistant to the Presi-
dent pro tempore. 
(B) Assistants to the managers of the im-
peachment of the House of Representatives. 
(C) Counsel and assistants to counsel for 
Donald John Trump, former President of the 
United States. 
SEC. 2. ACCESS TO THE SECOND FLOOR OF THE 
SENATE WING OF THE CAPITOL. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—During impeachment pro-
ceedings against Donald John Trump, former 
President of the United States, access to the 
second floor of the Senate Wing of the Cap-
itol shall be limited to— 
(1) Senators; 
(2) officers and employees of the Senate 
with appropriate Senate-issued identifica-
tion cards and appropriate credentials; 
(3) employees of the Architect of the Cap-
itol (as necessary and in accordance with 
subsection (b)); 
(4) individuals with privileges under rule 
XXIII of the Standing Rules of the Senate 
(as limited by section 1(2)) or with privileges 
under section 1(3); 
(5) individuals with official business re-
lated to the impeachment proceedings; and 
(6) members of the press with appropriate 
credentials. 
(b) ARCHITECT OF THE CAPITOL.—The Archi-
tect of the Capitol shall advise the Sergeant 
at Arms and Doorkeeper of the Senate of all 
officers or employees of the Architect of the 
Capitol who require access to the Senate 
Wing of the Capitol during the impeachment 
proceedings. 
SEC. 3. ENFORCEMENT BY THE SERGEANT AT 
ARMS AND DOORKEEPER. 
The Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper of 
the Senate shall enforce this resolution and 
take such other actions as necessary to ful-
fill the responsibilities of the Sergeant at 
Arms and Doorkeeper of the Senate under 
this resolution, including the issuance of ap-
propriate credentials as required under para-
graphs (2) and (6) of section 2(a). 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 39—TO AU-
THORIZE THE INSTALLATION OF 
APPROPRIATE EQUIPMENT AND 
FURNITURE 
IN 
THE 
SENATE 
CHAMBER 
FOR 
THE 
IMPEACH-
MENT PROCEEDINGS OF DONALD 
JOHN TRUMP, FORMER PRESI-
DENT OF THE UNITED STATES 
Mr. SCHUMER submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was consid-
ered and agreed to: 
S. RES. 39 
Resolved, 
SECTION 1. AUTHORIZATION FOR EQUIPMENT 
AND FURNITURE. 
(a) IN
GENERAL.—In recognition of the 
unique requirements raised by the impeach-
ment 
proceedings 
against 
Donald 
John 
Trump, former President of the United 
States, the Sergeant at Arms and Door-
keeper of the Senate shall install appro-
priate equipment and furniture in the Senate 
chamber for use by the managers from the 
House of Representatives and counsel for the 
former President in their presentations to 
the Senate during all times that the Senate 
is sitting for trial with the President pro 
tempore presiding. 
(b) SCOPE.—The appropriate equipment and 
furniture referred to in subsection (a) is as 
follows: 
(1) A lectern, a witness table and chair if 
required, and tables and chairs to accommo-
date an equal number of managers from the 
House of Representatives and counsel for the 
former President, which shall be placed in 
the well of the Senate. 
(2) Such equipment as may be required to 
permit the display of video or audio evi-
dence, including video monitors and micro-
phones, which may be placed in the chamber 
for use by the managers from the House of 
Representatives or counsel for the former 
President. 
(c) MANNER.—All equipment and furniture 
authorized by this resolution shall be placed 
in the chamber in a manner that provides 
the least practicable disruption to Senate 
proceedings. 
SENATE 
RESOLUTION 
40—ESTAB-
LISHING PROCEDURES FOR AC-
CESS 
TO 
THE 
GALLERIES 
OF 
THE SENATE CHAMBER DURING 
IMPEACHMENT PROCEEDINGS OF 
DONALD JOHN TRUMP, FORMER 
PRESIDENT 
OF 
THE 
UNITED 
STATES 
Mr. SCHUMER submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was consid-
ered and agreed to: 
S. RES. 40 
Resolved, 
SECTION 1. ACCESS TO GALLERIES OF THE SEN-
ATE CHAMBER. 
During 
the 
impeachment 
proceedings 
against Donald John Trump, former Presi-
dent of the United States, the following pro-
cedures relating to access to the galleries of 
the Senate Chamber shall apply: 
(1) PRESS GALLERIES.—The press galleries 
of the Senate Chamber shall remain open 
and available for members of the press under 
established procedures. 
(2) OTHER
GALLERIES.—Access to all gal-
leries of the Senate Chamber not described 
in paragraph (1) shall be available only to 
Senators and Members of the House of Rep-
resentatives. 
SEC. 2. ENFORCEMENT BY THE SERGEANT AT 
ARMS. 
The Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper of 
the Senate shall enforce this resolution and 
take such other actions as necessary to ful-
fill the responsibilities of the Sergeant at 
Arms and Doorkeeper of the Senate under 
this resolution. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 41—ALLOW-
ING LIMITED LAPTOP COMPUTER 
ACCESS ON THE FLOOR OF THE 
SENATE DURING IMPEACHMENT 
PROCEEDINGS OF DONALD JOHN 
TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF 
THE UNITED STATES 
Mr. SCHUMER submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was consid-
ered and agreed to: 
S. RES. 41 
Resolved, 
SECTION 1. LAPTOP COMPUTER ACCESS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—During impeachment pro-
ceedings against Donald John Trump, former 
President of the United States, laptop com-
puters may be used on the floor of the Sen-
ate Chamber only in accordance with the fol-
lowing: 
(1) Two laptop computers may be used by 
the impeachment managers and their assist-
ants. 
(2) Two laptop computers may be used by 
the counsel for the former President of the 
United States and their assistants. 
(3) One laptop computer may be used by 
the President pro tempore and the assistants 
of the President pro tempore. 
(4) Laptop computers available to employ-
ees and officers of the Senate on the floor of 
the Senate Chamber during a regular session 
of the Senate may be used by such employees 
and officers as necessary. 
(b) USE
OF LAPTOP COMPUTERS
IN OTHER 
ROOMS
OF
THE SENATE FLOOR.—During im-
peachment proceedings against Donald John 
Trump, former President of the United 
States, laptop computers may be used in 
other areas of the floor of the Senate (not in-
cluding the Senate Chamber) by individuals 
described in paragraphs (1) through (4) of 
subsection (a) and, as determined necessary, 
other employees and officers of the Senate. 
(c) ENFORCEMENT
BY
THE
SERGEANT
AT 
ARMS
AND
DOORKEEPER.—The Sergeant at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:20 Feb 09, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00018
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A08FE6.021
S08FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 35-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S579 
February 8, 2021 
Arms and Doorkeeper of the Senate shall 
take such actions as are necessary to enforce 
this resolution. 
f 
SENATE 
RESOLUTION 
42—HON-
ORING THE MEMORIES OF THE 
VICTIMS OF THE SENSELESS AT-
TACK AT MARJORY STONEMAN 
DOUGLAS HIGH SCHOOL ON FEB-
RUARY 14, 2018 
Mr. SCOTT of Florida (for himself 
and Mr. RUBIO) submitted the following 
resolution; which was considered and 
agreed to: 
S. RES. 42 
Whereas, on February 14, 2018, a mass 
shooting that took the lives of 17 teachers 
and 
students 
took 
place 
at 
Marjory 
Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, 
Florida; 
Whereas the people of the United States 
continue to pray for the individuals who 
were affected by this tragedy; 
Whereas the Parkland community has 
shown strength, compassion, and unity in 
the past 3 years; and 
Whereas February 14, 2021, marks 3 years 
since the horrific attack: Now, therefore, be 
it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) honors the memories of the victims of 
the senseless attack at Marjory Stoneman 
Douglas High School on February 14, 2018, 
and offers heartfelt condolences and deepest 
sympathies to the families, loved ones, and 
friends of the victims; 
(2) honors the survivors of the attack and 
pledges continued support for their recovery; 
(3) recognizes the strength and resilience of 
the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School 
community; and 
(4) expresses gratitude to the emergency 
medical and health care professionals of the 
Parkland community for their efforts in re-
sponding to the attack and caring for the 
victims and survivors. 
f 
SENATE 
RESOLUTION 
43—RECOG-
NIZING THE DUTY OF THE FED-
ERAL GOVERNMENT TO IMPLE-
MENT AN AGENDA TO TRANS-
FORM, HEAL, AND RENEW BY IN-
VESTING IN A VIBRANT ECON-
OMY (‘‘THRIVE’’) 
Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. SCHU-
MER, Mr. SANDERS, Mr. WYDEN, Ms. 
WARREN, Mr. MERKLEY, Mr. BOOKER, 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL, and Mrs. GILLIBRAND) 
submitted the following resolution; 
which was referred to the Committee 
on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-
sions: 
S. RES. 43 
Whereas 
families 
and 
communities 
throughout the United States share similar 
hopes and dreams of a good life that is free 
from worry about meeting basic needs, with 
reliable and fulfilling work, a dignified and 
healthy standard of living, and the ability to 
enjoy time with loved ones; 
Whereas the United States faces the stress 
of multiple, overlapping crises—old and 
new—that prevent the achievement of these 
fundamental human rights and needs, in 
which the COVID–19 pandemic has killed 
over 450,000 United States residents; more 
than 10,000,000 United States workers remain 
unemployed; rising economic inequality has 
made working families vulnerable; tens of 
millions of individuals do not get the health 
care they need; and intensifying climate 
change increases the threats to our health, 
economy, and livelihoods; 
Whereas these health, economic, and cli-
mate crises have magnified centuries-old in-
justices, causing high rates of death and 
hardship among Black, Brown, and Indige-
nous communities due to long-standing sys-
temic racism—a fact spotlighted by an 
emerging, multiracial movement to end vio-
lence against Black people; 
Whereas these crises are causing the in-
equitable workloads of women—particularly 
women of color—to grow, especially as 
women of color overwhelmingly make up the 
essential workforce, bearing the weight of 
the increased care needs of children, the el-
derly, and the sick; 
Whereas, even before the COVID–19 crisis, 
many rural communities and independent 
family farmers suffered from poverty, declin-
ing economic opportunity, and alarming 
rates of farm bankruptcy, including loss of 
land from Black farmers and the exploi-
tation of Black, Brown, and Indigenous farm-
ers caused by predatory and racist public, 
private, and governmental institutions and 
policies; 
Whereas the root of our interlocking eco-
nomic and environmental crises is society’s 
historical willingness to treat some commu-
nities and workers as disposable; 
Whereas it is necessary to counteract sys-
temic injustice and value the dignity of all 
individuals in order to address unemploy-
ment, pandemics, or climate change and en-
sure the survival of the Nation and the plan-
et; 
Whereas the choices made in response to 
these crises will shape the United States’ di-
rection for the 21st century and beyond, of-
fering an opportunity to reshape our society 
to provide a good life for each of us and for 
our children and grandchildren; and 
Whereas the United States has the means 
to support fulfilling livelihoods for millions 
of people—Black, Indigenous, Brown, Latinx, 
Asian/Pacific Islander, White, immigrant, 
urban and rural, old and young, of many 
faiths, genders, abilities, and talents—while 
working to heal harms, protect commu-
nities, and invest in a future that fosters jus-
tice, not crisis: Now therefore, be it 
Resolved, That it is the sense of the Senate 
that— 
(1) it is the duty of the Federal Govern-
ment to respond to the crises of racial injus-
tice, mass unemployment, a pandemic, and 
climate change with a bold and holistic na-
tional mobilization, an Agenda to Trans-
form, Heal, and Renew by Investing in a Vi-
brant Economy (‘‘THRIVE’’) (referred to in 
this resolving clause as the ‘‘Agenda’’), to 
build a society that enables— 
(A) greater racial, economic, and gender 
justice; 
(B) dignified work; 
(C) healthy communities; and 
(D) a stable climate; and 
(2) such Agenda shall be assessed upon its 
ability to uphold its foundational pillars, in-
cluding— 
(A) creating millions of good, safe jobs 
with access to unions by— 
(i) investing in projects including— 
(I) upgrading our broken infrastructure to 
expand access to clean and affordable en-
ergy, transportation, high-speed broadband, 
and water, particularly for public systems; 
(II) modernizing and retrofitting millions 
of homes, schools, offices, and industrial 
buildings to cut pollution and costs; 
(III) investing in public health and care 
work, including by increasing jobs, protec-
tions, wages, and benefits for the historically 
unpaid and undervalued work of caring for 
children, the elderly, and the sick; 
(IV) protecting and restoring wetlands, for-
ests, and public lands, and cleaning up pollu-
tion in our communities; 
(V) creating opportunities for family farm-
ers and rural communities, including by un-
tangling the hyper-consolidated food supply 
chain, bolstering regenerative agriculture, 
and investing in local and regional food sys-
tems that support farmers, agricultural 
workers, healthy soil, and climate resilience; 
and 
(VI) developing and transforming the in-
dustrial base of the United States, while cre-
ating high-skill, high-wage manufacturing 
jobs across the country, including by expand-
ing manufacturing of clean technologies, re-
ducing industrial pollution, and prioritizing 
clean, domestic manufacturing for the afore-
mentioned investments; 
(ii) prioritizing the mobilization of direct 
public investments, while excluding false so-
lutions that— 
(I) increase inequality; 
(II) privatize public lands, water, or na-
ture; 
(III) violate human rights; 
(IV) expedite the destruction of eco-
systems; or 
(V) decrease union density or membership; 
(iii) driving investment toward real full 
employment, where every individual who 
wishes to work has a viable pathway to a 
meaningful and dignified job with the right 
to form a union, including by establishing 
new public employment programs, as nec-
essary; and 
(iv) subjecting each job created under this 
Agenda to high-road labor standards that— 
(I) require family-sustaining wages and 
benefits, including child care support; 
(II) ensure safe workplaces; 
(III) protect the rights of workers to orga-
nize; and 
(IV) prioritize the hiring of local workers 
to ensure wages stay within communities to 
stimulate economic activity; 
(B) building the power of workers to fight 
inequality by— 
(i) reversing the corporate erosion of work-
ers’ organizing rights and bargaining power 
so that millions of new clean energy jobs, as 
well as millions of existing low-wage jobs 
across the economy, become the family-sup-
porting union jobs that everyone deserves, 
including by— 
(I) passing the bipartisan Protecting the 
Right to Organize Act; 
(II) repealing the ban on secondary boy-
cotts; 
(III) requiring employer neutrality with re-
gard to union organizing; 
(IV) ensuring that ‘‘franchising’’ and other 
corporate structures may not be used to 
hinder collective bargaining on a company- 
wide, regional, or national basis; 
(V) advancing sectoral bargaining in cer-
tain economic sectors; and 
(VI) 
ensuring 
that 
no 
workers 
are 
misclassified as ‘‘independent contractors;’’ 
(ii) expanding union representation for all 
workers; and 
(iii) creating ladders of opportunity, par-
ticularly for women and people of color, to 
access registered apprenticeship and pre-ap-
prenticeship programs in communities of all 
sizes across the country; 
(C) investing in Black, Brown, and Indige-
nous communities to build power and coun-
teract racial and gender injustice by— 
(i) directing at least 40 percent of invest-
ments to communities that have been ex-
cluded, oppressed, and harmed by racist and 
unjust practices, including— 
(I) communities of color; 
(II) low-income communities; 
(III) deindustrialized communities; and 
(IV) communities facing environmental in-
justice; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:20 Feb 09, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00019
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A08FE6.025
S08FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 36-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S580 
February 8, 2021 
(ii) ensuring that investments in these 
communities enable— 
(I) the creation of good jobs with family- 
sustaining wages; 
(II) economic ownership opportunities that 
close the racial wealth gap; 
(III) pollution reduction; 
(IV) climate resilience; 
(V) small business support; 
(VI) 
economic 
opportunities 
for 
inde-
pendent family farmers and ranchers; and 
(VII) the expansion of public services; 
(iii) ensuring that affected communities 
have the power to democratically plan, im-
plement, and administer these projects; 
(iv) prioritizing local and equitable hiring 
and contracting that creates opportunities 
for— 
(I) people of color; 
(II) immigrants, regardless of immigration 
status; 
(III) formerly incarcerated individuals; 
(IV) women; 
(V) LGBTQIAP+ individuals; 
(VI) disabled and chronically ill individ-
uals; and 
(VII) marginalized communities; and 
(v) providing access to quality workforce 
training, including through registered ap-
prenticeships and pre-apprenticeships to en-
sure real pathways to good careers, including 
those that have historically been inacces-
sible; 
(D) strengthening and healing the nation- 
to-nation relationship with sovereign Native 
Nations, including by— 
(i) making systemic changes in Federal 
policies to honor the environmental and so-
cial trust responsibilities to Native Nations 
and their Peoples, which are essential to 
tackling society’s economic, environmental, 
and health crises; 
(ii) strengthening Tribal sovereignty and 
enforcing Indian treaty rights by moving to-
wards greater recognition and support of the 
inherent self-governance and sovereignty of 
these nations and their members; and 
(iii) promulgating specific initiatives that 
reflect the nuanced relationships between 
the Native Nations, including— 
(I) the confirmation by Congress that Trib-
al nations can exercise their full and inher-
ent civil regulatory and adjudicatory author-
ity over their own citizens, lands, and re-
sources, and over activities within their 
Tribal lands; 
(II) the codification of Free, Prior, and In-
formed Consent as it relates to Tribal con-
sultation; and 
(III) the implementation of the United Na-
tions Declaration on the Rights of Indige-
nous Peoples, without qualification; 
(E) combating environmental injustice and 
ensuring healthy lives for all, including by— 
(i) curtailing air, water, and land pollution 
from all sources; 
(ii) removing health hazards from commu-
nities; 
(iii) replacing lead pipes to ensure clean 
water is available to all; 
(iv) remediating the cumulative health and 
environmental impacts of toxic pollution 
and climate change; 
(v) ensuring that affected communities 
have equitable access to public health re-
sources that have been systemically denied, 
which includes— 
(I) upgrading unhealthy and overcrowded 
homes, public schools, and public hospitals; 
(II) ensuring access to healthy food, men-
tal health support, and restorative justice; 
and 
(III) investing in universal childcare, care 
for individuals with disabilities, senior care, 
and a robust care workforce; and 
(vi) focusing these initiatives in Black, 
Brown, and Indigenous communities that 
have endured disproportionately high death 
rates from COVID–19 due to higher exposure 
to air pollution and other cumulative health 
hazards as a result of decades of environ-
mental racism; 
(F) averting climate and environmental ca-
tastrophe, including by— 
(i) contributing to a livable climate and 
environment for today and for future genera-
tions, including by— 
(I) staying below 1.5 degrees Celsius of 
global warming; 
(II) building climate resilience to keep 
communities safe; and 
(III) ensuring sustainable resource use; 
(ii) deploying investments and standards in 
the electricity, transportation, buildings, 
manufacturing, lands, and agricultural sec-
tors to spur the largest expansion in history 
of clean, renewable energy, emissions reduc-
tions, climate resilience, and sustainable re-
source use; 
(iii) transforming the power sector in order 
to move the country, by not later than 2035, 
to carbon pollution-free electricity that 
passes an environmental justice screen to 
prevent concentrating pollution in Black, 
Brown, and Indigenous communities; 
(iv) prioritizing materials and parts that 
meet high labor, environmental, and human 
rights standards throughout the supply 
chain; 
(v) supporting sustainable, domestic pro-
duction of healthy, nutritious food that pays 
independent farmers and ranchers a fair 
price for their land stewardship; and 
(vi) ensuring that funding under this Agen-
da goes to workers and communities affected 
by the economic and environmental crises, 
not to corporate fossil fuel polluters; 
(G) ensuring fairness for workers and com-
munities affected by economic transitions 
by— 
(i) guaranteeing that workers and commu-
nities in industries and regions in economic 
transition due to COVID–19, climate change, 
and other economic shocks receive— 
(I) stable wages and benefits, including full 
pension and healthcare; 
(II) early retirement offerings; 
(III) crisis and trauma support; and 
(IV) equitable job placement; and 
(ii) investing in transitioning areas to sup-
port— 
(I) economic diversification; 
(II) high quality job creation; 
(III) community reinvestment; 
(IV) retooling and conversion; 
(V) reclamation and remediation of closed 
and abandoned facilities and sites; 
(VI) child and adult care infrastructure; 
and 
(VII) funding to shore up budget shortfalls 
in local and State governments; and 
(H) reinvesting in public sector institu-
tions that enable workers and communities 
to thrive by— 
(i) rebuilding vital public services and 
strengthening social infrastructure in cities 
and counties, healthcare systems, schools, 
the postal service, and other services; 
(ii) investing in equitable public education 
opportunities, including career and technical 
education pathways that prepare youth—es-
pecially girls; Black, Brown, and Indigenous 
students; students with disabilities; students 
from low-income families; and other stu-
dents from marginalized groups—for high- 
quality jobs of the future, and state of the 
art technology and schools, so that from the 
beginning students are prepared to trans-
form society and preserve democracy; 
(iii) investing in the workers who provide 
care to children, the elderly, and commu-
nities burdened by neglect; 
(iv) creating new public institutions, in-
spired by and improving upon New Deal-era 
institutions, to ensure universal access to 
critical resources and to strategically and 
coherently mobilize and channel invest-
ments, in line with the above priorities, at 
the scale and pace that these times require; 
and 
(v) coupling this institutional renewal with 
democratic governance and accountability 
to correct the systemic misallocation of re-
sources and representation that prevents 
families and communities from meeting fun-
damental human needs and pursuing ful-
filling lives. 
f 
SENATE 
RESOLUTION 
44—DE-
NOUNCING 
THE 
MADURO 
RE-
GIME’S FRAUDULENT LEGISLA-
TIVE ELECTIONS, THE ABSENCE 
OF ACCEPTABLE CONDITIONS TO 
ENSURE 
FREE, 
FAIR, 
AND 
TRANSPARENT 
ELECTORAL 
PROCESSES IN VENEZUELA, AND 
THE FURTHER EROSION OF VEN-
EZUELAN DEMOCRACY 
Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. MENEN-
DEZ, Mr. CRUZ, Mr. DURBIN, Mr. SCOTT 
of Florida, and Mr. CARDIN) submitted 
the following resolution; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign 
Relations: 
S. RES. 44 
Whereas, on December 6, 2020, the regime 
of Nicola´s Maduro held fraudulent legislative 
elections for Venezuela’s National Assembly 
that did not comply with international 
standards for free, fair, and transparent elec-
toral processes; 
Whereas the Maduro regime sought to use 
fraudulent legislative elections to install a 
new National Assembly on January 5, 2021, in 
an effort to undermine Venezuela’s National 
Assembly, which was democratically elected 
in 2015; 
Whereas, pursuant to section 112 of the 
VERDAD Act of 2019 (22 U.S.C. 9702), it is the 
policy of the United States to recognize the 
democratically elected National Assembly of 
Venezuela, elected in December 2015 and 
sworn in on January 2016, as the only legiti-
mate national legislative body in Venezuela; 
Whereas the United States and more than 
50 countries—including Canada, the 27 mem-
ber countries of the European Union, and 21 
members of the Organization of American 
States, among others—have expressed con-
cern about the lack of legitimacy of the De-
cember 6, 2020, electoral process held in Ven-
ezuela and the Maduro regime’s failure to 
meet international standards for a free, fair, 
and transparent election; 
Whereas, on January 6, 2021, the European 
Union issued a public statement on the 
Maduro regime’s December 6, 2020, legisla-
tive elections, stating that ‘‘the elections 
failed to comply with international stand-
ards’’ and that it does not recognize the elec-
toral process as ‘‘credible, inclusive or trans-
parent, nor . . . its outcome to be considered 
as representative of the democratic will of 
the Venezuelan people’’; 
Whereas, on January 5, 2021, members of 
the Lima Group—including Brazil, Canada, 
Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, Ecuador, El 
Salvador, Guatemala, Haiti, Honduras, Para-
guay, Peru, and Venezuela—issued a joint 
declaration stating that the Lima Group 
does not ‘‘recognize the legitimacy or legal-
ity of the National Assembly installed on 
January 5, 2021. This illegitimate National 
Assembly is the product of the fraudulent 
elections of December 6, 2020, organized by 
the illegitimate regime of Nicola´s Maduro.’’; 
Whereas, on December 8, 2020, the Inter-
national Contact Group—including Costa 
Rica, the Dominican Republic, Ecuador, the 
European Union, France, Germany, Italy, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:20 Feb 09, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00020
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A08FE6.028
S08FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 37-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S581 
February 8, 2021 
the Netherlands, Panama, Portugal, Spain, 
Sweden, the United Kingdom and Uruguay— 
issued a public declaration stating that the 
Maduro regime’s December 6, 2020, elections 
did not meet internationally accepted stand-
ards, ‘‘[n]or did they meet conditions re-
quired by Venezuelan laws,’’ and that ‘‘they 
cannot recognise the results of this electoral 
process as legitimate or representative of 
the will of the Venezuelan people’’; 
Whereas, on June 12, 2020, the Maduro re-
gime’s illegitimate Supreme Court unilater-
ally appointed new members to Venezuela’s 
National Electoral Council without the ap-
proval of the democratically elected Na-
tional Assembly; 
Whereas, throughout 2020, the Maduro re-
gime— 
(1) sought to co-opt and undermine inde-
pendent political parties through a campaign 
of systematic persecution; and 
(2) used its discredited Supreme Court to 
strip independent political parties of their 
leadership, 
including 
Voluntad 
Popular, 
Primero Justicia, and Accio´n Democra´tica; 
Whereas the Maduro regime has a dem-
onstrated track record of holding fraudulent 
elections over the last four years; 
Whereas, in May 2018, the Maduro regime 
held fraudulent presidential elections that 
were broadly criticized as illegitimate, lead-
ing more than 50 countries to recognize the 
end of Nicola´s Maduro’s term in office and 
the 
inauguration 
of 
National 
Assembly 
President Juan Guaido´ as Interim-President 
of Venezuela on January 23, 2019; 
Whereas, on July 30, 2017, the Maduro re-
gime manipulated the results for Venezuela’s 
Constituent Assembly by more than 1,000,000 
votes, according to Smartmatic, the com-
pany that supplied Venezuela’s electronic 
voting machines; 
Whereas, according to the Venezuelan con-
stitution, Juan Guaido´, as President of the 
National Assembly, serves as Venezuela’s In-
terim President in the absence of a demo-
cratically elected president of Venezuela; 
Whereas the conditions do not currently 
exist for the free, fair, and transparent elec-
tion of new members of the National Assem-
bly or the president of Venezuela; 
Whereas, as of September 7, 2020, the inter-
nationally recognized nongovernmental or-
ganization Foro Penal confirmed that, out of 
the 110 individuals recently released from 
prison by the Maduro regime to serve out the 
remainder of their sentences under house ar-
rest, 53 were political prisoners, and that 
currently 363 political prisoners remain un-
justly detained by the Maduro regime with-
out due process; 
Whereas, on September 16, 2020, the United 
Nations Independent International Fact- 
Finding Mission on the Bolivarian Republic 
of Venezuela found that Nicola´s Maduro and 
senior members of his regime ordered and 
carried out a campaign of extrajudicial exe-
cutions, forced disappearances, torture, and 
arbitrary detentions that amounted to sys-
temic crimes against humanity; 
Whereas the Maduro regime’s efforts to 
hold fraudulent legislative elections, under-
mine the democratically elected National 
Assembly and independent political parties, 
and implement a campaign of state-spon-
sored violence and repression further erodes 
democracy and the rule of law in Venezuela; 
and 
Whereas, as codified under section 4 of the 
Venezuela Defense of Human Rights and 
Civil Society Act (Public Law 113–278; 128 
U.S.C. 3013), it is the policy of the United 
States ‘‘to support the people of Venezuela 
in their aspiration to live under conditions 
of peace and representative democracy as de-
fined by the Inter-American Democratic 
Charter of the Organization of American 
States’’: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) denounces the Maduro regime’s fraudu-
lent legislative elections on December 6, 
2020, as an effort to undermine Venezuela’s 
democratically elected National Assembly; 
(2) does not recognize the legitimacy of the 
National Assembly installed by the Maduro 
regime on January 6, 2021; 
(3) joins members of the international 
community, including members of the Lima 
Group, the Organization of American States, 
and the European Union, in rightfully reject-
ing the Maduro’s regime’s fraudulent and il-
legitimate legislative elections on December 
6, 2020; 
(4) urges that presidential and legislative 
elections in Venezuela be conducted at the 
earliest possible date that conditions for 
international standards for free, fair, and 
transparent electoral processes, including 
credible international election observation, 
can be met; 
(5) calls on the Maduro regime to cease its 
campaign of systematic persecution against 
Venezuela’s independent political parties 
and their leadership; 
(6) calls on the Maduro regime to imme-
diately release all political prisoners, facili-
tate access by humanitarian organizations, 
and end its campaign of extrajudicial execu-
tions, forced disappearances, torture, and ar-
bitrary detentions of political opponents, 
human rights defenders, civil society activ-
ists, peaceful protesters, and citizens; and 
(7) takes note of the finding of the United 
Nations Independent International Fact- 
Finding Mission on the Bolivarian Republic 
of Venezuela that the Maduro regime’s cam-
paign of state-sponsored violence and repres-
sion against the people of Venezuela amount-
ed to crimes against humanity, and calls for 
Nicola´s Maduro and senior members of his 
regime to be held accountable for their ac-
tions. 
f 
SENATE 
RESOLUTION 
45—CELE-
BRATING 
BLACK 
HISTORY 
MONTH 
Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mr. SCOTT 
of South Carolina, Mr. DURBIN, Ms. 
HASSAN, 
Ms. 
CORTEZ
MASTO, 
Mr. 
MERKLEY, Mr. WYDEN, Ms. SMITH, Mr. 
MARKEY, Ms. HIRONO, Mr. BROWN, Mr. 
VAN
HOLLEN, 
Mr. 
MENENDEZ, 
Ms. 
DUCKWORTH, 
Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL, 
Mr. 
COONS, Ms. BALDWIN, Mrs. MURRAY, Mr. 
WARNER, Mr. KAINE, Mrs. FEINSTEIN, 
Ms. ROSEN, Mr. MURPHY, Ms. SINEMA, 
Mrs. SHAHEEN, Mr. WHITEHOUSE, Mr. 
SCHATZ, Mrs. GILLIBRAND, Ms. KLO-
BUCHAR, Mr. KING, Mr. BENNET, Ms. 
WARREN, Mr. OSSOFF, Mr. HEINRICH, 
Mr. SANDERS, Mr. CARPER, Mr. CASEY, 
Mr. REED, Mr. CARDIN, Ms. CANTWELL, 
Mr. BLUNT, Mr. TILLIS, Mr. CRAPO, Mr. 
GRASSLEY, Mr. RISCH, Mr. CRAMER, Mr. 
WICKER, Mr. SULLIVAN, Mr. SHELBY, 
Mr. RUBIO, Mr. SCOTT of Florida, Mr. 
PORTMAN, Ms. ERNST, and Mr. BURR) 
submitted the following resolution; 
which was referred to the Committee 
on the Judiciary: 
S. RES. 45 
Whereas, in 1776, people envisioned the 
United States as a new nation dedicated to 
the proposition stated in the Declaration of 
Independence that ‘‘all men are created 
equal, that they are endowed by their Cre-
ator with certain unalienable Rights, that 
among these are Life, Liberty and the pur-
suit of Happiness’’; 
Whereas Africans were first brought invol-
untarily to the shores of the United States 
as early as the 17th century; 
Whereas African Americans suffered en-
slavement and subsequently faced the injus-
tices of lynch mobs, segregation, and denial 
of the basic and fundamental rights of citi-
zenship; 
Whereas, in 2021, the vestiges of those in-
justices and inequalities remain evident in 
the society of the United States; 
Whereas, in the face of injustices, people of 
good will and of all races in the United 
States have distinguished themselves with a 
commitment to the noble ideals on which 
the United States was founded and have 
fought courageously for the rights and free-
dom of African Americans and others; 
Whereas African Americans, such as Lieu-
tenant Colonel Allen Allensworth, Maya 
Angelou, Arthur Ashe, Jr., James Baldwin, 
James Beckwourth, Clara Brown, Blanche 
Bruce, Ralph Bunche, Shirley Chisholm, Holt 
Collier, Miles Davis, Louis Armstrong, Larry 
Doby, Frederick Douglass, W. E. B. Du Bois, 
Ralph Ellison, Medgar Evers, Aretha Frank-
lin, Alex Haley, Dorothy Height, Jon Hen-
dricks, Olivia Hooker, Lena Horne, Charles 
Hamilton Houston, Mahalia Jackson, Steph-
anie Tubbs Jones, B.B. King, Martin Luther 
King, Jr., Coretta Scott King, Thurgood 
Marshall, Constance Baker Motley, Rosa 
Parks, Walter Payton, Bill Pickett, Homer 
Plessy, Bass Reeves, Hiram Revels, Amelia 
Platts Boynton Robinson, Jackie Robinson, 
Aaron Shirley, Sojourner Truth, Harriet 
Tubman, Booker T. Washington, the Greens-
boro Four, the Tuskegee Airmen, Prince 
Rogers 
Nelson, 
Recy 
Taylor, 
Fred 
Shuttlesworth, Duke Ellington, Langston 
Hughes, Muhammad Ali, Elijah Cummings 
Ella Fitzgerald, Mamie Till, Toni Morrison, 
Gwen 
Ifill, 
Diahann 
Carroll, 
Chadwick 
Boseman, John Lewis, Katherine Johnson, 
Rev. C.T. Vivian, Hank Aaron, Edith Savage- 
Jennings, Septima Clark, Mary Mcleod Be-
thune, Cicely Tyson, John Hope Franklin, 
and Chief Justice of South Carolina Ernest 
Finney, along with many others, worked 
against racism to achieve success and to 
make significant contributions to the eco-
nomic, educational, political, artistic, ath-
letic, literary, scientific, and technological 
advancement of the United States; 
Whereas 
the 
contributions 
of 
African 
Americans from all walks of life throughout 
the history of the United States reflect the 
greatness of the United States; 
Whereas many African Americans lived, 
toiled, and died in obscurity, never achieving 
the recognition those individuals deserved, 
and yet paved the way for future generations 
to succeed; 
Whereas African Americans continue to 
serve the United States at the highest levels 
of business, government, and the military; 
Whereas the birthdays of Abraham Lincoln 
and Frederick Douglass inspired the creation 
of Negro History Week, the precursor to 
Black History Month; 
Whereas Negro History Week represented 
the culmination of the efforts of Dr. Carter 
G. Woodson, the ‘‘Father of Black History’’, 
to enhance knowledge of Black history 
through The Journal of Negro History, pub-
lished by the Association for the Study of 
African American Life and History, which 
was founded by Dr. Carter G. Woodson and 
Jesse E. Moorland; 
Whereas Black History Month, celebrated 
during the month of February, originated in 
1926 when Dr. Carter G. Woodson set aside a 
special period in February to recognize the 
heritage and achievements of Black people 
in the United States; 
Whereas Dr. Carter G. Woodson stated, 
‘‘We have a wonderful history behind us. . . 
. If you are unable to demonstrate to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:20 Feb 09, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00021
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A08FE6.027
S08FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 38-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S582 
February 8, 2021 
world that you have this record, the world 
will say to you, ‘You are not worthy to enjoy 
the blessings of democracy or anything 
else.’ ’’; 
Whereas, since its founding, the United 
States has imperfectly progressed toward 
noble goals; 
Whereas the history of the United States is 
the story of people regularly affirming high 
ideals, striving to reach those ideals but 
often failing, and then struggling to come to 
terms with the disappointment of that fail-
ure, before committing to try again; 
Whereas, on November 4, 2008, the people of 
the United States elected Barack Obama, an 
African-American man, as President of the 
United States; and 
Whereas, on February 22, 2012, people 
across the United States celebrated the 
groundbreaking of the National Museum of 
African 
American 
History 
and 
Culture, 
which opened to the public on September 24, 
2016, on the National Mall in Washington, 
District of Columbia: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) acknowledges that all people of the 
United States are the recipients of the 
wealth of history provided by Black culture; 
(2) recognizes the importance of Black His-
tory Month as an opportunity to reflect on 
the complex history of the United States, 
while remaining hopeful and confident about 
the path ahead; 
(3) acknowledges the significance of Black 
History Month as an important opportunity 
to commemorate the tremendous contribu-
tions of African Americans to the history of 
the United States; 
(4) encourages the celebration of Black 
History Month to provide a continuing op-
portunity for all people in the United States 
to learn from the past and understand the 
experiences that have shaped the United 
States; and 
(5) agrees that, while the United States 
began as a divided country, the United 
States must— 
(A) honor the contribution of all pioneers 
in the United States who have helped to en-
sure the legacy of the great United States; 
and 
(B) move forward with purpose, united tire-
lessly as a nation ‘‘indivisible, with liberty 
and justice for all.’’. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 46—CALLING 
ON 
THE 
PRESIDENT 
OF 
THE 
UNITED STATES TO TAKE EXEC-
UTIVE 
ACTION 
TO 
BROADLY 
CANCEL 
FEDERAL 
STUDENT 
LOAN DEBT 
Mr. SCHUMER (for himself, Ms. WAR-
REN, Mr. BROWN, Mr. DURBIN, Ms. 
DUCKWORTH, Mr. MERKLEY, Mr. MAR-
KEY, Mr. VAN HOLLEN, Mr. SCHATZ, Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL, Mr. BOOKER, Mr. WYDEN, 
Mr. LUJA´ N, Mr. MENENDEZ, Mr. SAND-
ERS, and Mr. OSSOFF) submitted the 
following resolution; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Health, 
Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
S. RES. 46 
Whereas the United States is facing his-
toric public health and economic crises 
caused by the coronavirus (COVID–19) pan-
demic that threatens the financial well- 
being of nearly every American family; 
Whereas even before the COVID–19 pan-
demic, the United States also faced a his-
toric student loan crisis, which is currently 
holding back our struggling economy and re-
stricting opportunity and prosperity for mil-
lions of American families; 
Whereas nearly 43,000,000 Americans cur-
rently hold more than $1,500,000,000,000 in 
Federal student loan debt; 
Whereas more than 9,000,000 Federal stu-
dent loan borrowers are currently in default 
on those Federal student loans; 
Whereas the COVID–19 economic recession 
and 
historic 
unemployment 
have 
com-
pounded stagnant wages, labor market dis-
crimination, and rising costs of living, mak-
ing it nearly impossible for many Americans 
to ever fully repay their student loans; 
Whereas this historic student debt crisis 
has left millions of Americans less prepared 
to weather the recession triggered by the 
COVID–19 pandemic as Black and Brown 
communities, which never fully recovered 
from the devastating effects of the previous 
economic recession, have been hit hardest by 
the devastating health and economic con-
sequences of the COVID–19 pandemic; 
Whereas student debt disproportionately 
impacts Black and Brown borrowers, who 
face the worst effects of the student debt cri-
sis, with— 
(1) Black households disproportionately 
holding the most debt, compared to other 
households; 
(2) Black students, due to ongoing struc-
tural barriers that have resulted in per-
sistent racial inequities in incomes and 
wealth, forced to accrue more student debt 
and more often than their White peers; 
(3) Black student borrowers struggling 
more in student loan repayment, including 
defaulting at higher rates than their White 
peers; 
(4) nearly half of Black graduates owing 
more on their undergraduate student loans 4 
years after graduation than they did when 
they received their degree; 
(5) the median Black student borrower 
owing 95 percent of their debt 20 years after 
starting college, while the median White stu-
dent borrower owing 6 percent of their debt 
after such period; 
(6) Latino student borrowers, who borrow 
at rates similar to their White peers despite 
having lower household incomes and signifi-
cantly less household wealth, are more like-
ly than their White peers to default on their 
student loans; 
(7) within 6 years of starting school, Latino 
borrowers are almost twice as likely to de-
fault on their student loans, in comparison 
to their White peers; and 
(8) women of color, particularly Black 
women, on average take on more student 
loan debt than members of any other group 
and are more likely to face difficulties re-
paying student loans; 
Whereas parents, grandparents, and older 
individuals are especially vulnerable to the 
burden of student loan debt, as people over 
the age of 50 are most likely to default on 
their student loans and over 114,000 retired 
people have had their Social Security bene-
fits garnished due to their student loans; 
Whereas almost 1⁄3 of the outstanding Fed-
eral student loan debt is held by individuals 
who did not complete their degree or pro-
gram, and nearly 40 percent of Federal stu-
dent loan borrowers have no degree 6 years 
after enrolling in college; 
Whereas Black students and other students 
who have attended Historically Black Col-
leges and Universities have had to bear a 
larger share of student loan debt because of 
the historic and continued underfunding of 
these institutions at the State and Federal 
levels; 
Whereas student loan debt cancellation for 
the families that need it most can substan-
tially increase Black and Latino household 
wealth and help close racial wealth gaps; 
Whereas women hold more than two-thirds 
of the Nation’s student loan debt and must 
borrow an average of $3,000 more than men to 
attend higher education; 
Whereas, if left unaddressed, the student 
debt crisis will worsen inequality, exacer-
bate the current recession, widen the racial 
wealth gap, and slow economic recovery; 
Whereas broad student loan debt cancella-
tion is the most efficient and effective solu-
tion to our student debt crisis, would help 
millions of families, and would remove a sig-
nificant drag holding back our economy; 
Whereas broad student loan debt cancella-
tion would provide immediate relief to mil-
lions of American families who are strug-
gling during this pandemic and recession, 
and 
prevent 
them 
from 
having 
an 
unsustainable student debt burden waiting 
for them once this pandemic is over; 
Whereas broad student loan debt cancella-
tion would provide a boost to our struggling 
economy through a consumer-driven eco-
nomic stimulus, greater home-buying rates 
and housing stability, expanded access to 
more affordable financial products including 
car loans and mortgages, higher college com-
pletion rates, and greater small business for-
mation; 
Whereas more than 230 community, civil 
rights, consumer, and student advocacy or-
ganizations have urged student loan debt 
cancellation for all borrowers in response to 
the COVID–19 pandemic public health and 
economic crises; 
Whereas cancelling up to $50,000 in Federal 
student loan debt per borrower is the most 
equitable way to ensure the benefits of can-
cellation reach the borrowers most in need of 
relief because that action would lift a dis-
proportionate number of low-income bor-
rowers and Black and Latino borrowers com-
pletely out of student debt, including nearly 
90 percent of all borrowers in the lowest in-
come quintile and over 90 percent of Black 
and Latino borrowers in the lowest income 
quartile; 
Whereas borrowers who would receive full 
student loan debt cancellation if the Federal 
Government cancelled $50,000 per borrower in 
student loan debt have lower income and as-
sets than the borrowers who would receive 
partial cancellation if the Federal Govern-
ment took that action; 
Whereas Congress has already granted the 
Secretary of Education the legal authority 
to broadly cancel student debt under section 
432(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 
U.S.C. 1082(a)), which grants the Secretary 
the authority to modify, ‘‘. . . compromise, 
waive, or release any right, title, claim, lien, 
or demand, however acquired, including any 
equity or any right of redemption’’; 
Whereas, in 2020, the Department of Edu-
cation reportedly used this authority to im-
plement relief for Federal student loan bor-
rowers during the COVID–19 pandemic; and 
Whereas, on June 29, 2020, President Don-
ald J. Trump, with the support of Secretary 
of Education Betsy DeVos, vetoed H.J. Res. 
76 ‘‘Providing for congressional disapproval 
under chapter 8 of title 5, United States 
Code, of the rule submitted by the Depart-
ment of Education relating to ‘Borrower De-
fense Institutional Accountability’ ’’, block-
ing a resolution that passed Congress with 
bipartisan support to overturn a Department 
of Education rule that makes it harder for 
defrauded Federal student loan borrowers to 
see their loans discharged: Now, therefore, be 
it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) recognizes the Secretary of Education’s 
broad administrative authority to cancel 
Federal student loan debt under the existing 
authorities of section 432(a) of the Higher 
Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1082(a)); 
(2) calls on the President of the United 
States to take executive action to broadly 
cancel up to $50,000 in Federal student loan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:20 Feb 09, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00022
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A08FE6.030
S08FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 39-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S583 
February 8, 2021 
debt for Federal student loan borrowers ad-
ministratively using existing legal authori-
ties under such section 432(a), and any other 
authorities available under the law; 
(3) encourages the President of the United 
States, in taking such executive action, to 
use the executive’s authority under the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure no tax 
liability for Federal student loan borrowers 
resulting from administrative debt cancella-
tion; 
(4) encourages the President of the United 
States, in taking such executive action, to 
ensure that administrative debt cancellation 
helps close racial wealth gaps and avoids the 
bulk of Federal student loan debt cancella-
tion benefits accruing to the wealthiest bor-
rowers; and 
(5) encourages the President of the United 
States to continue to pause student loan 
payments and interest accumulation for Fed-
eral student loan borrowers for the entire 
duration of the COVID–19 pandemic. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, I have a 
request for one committee to meet dur-
ing today’s session of the Senate. It 
has the approval of the Majority and 
Minority leaders. 
Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 
5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-
ate, the following committee is author-
ized to meet during today’s session of 
the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS 
The Committee on Foreign Relations 
is authorized to meet during the ses-
sion of the Senate on Monday, Feb-
ruary 8, 2021, at 6 p.m., to conduct a 
classified hearing. 
f 
AMAZON 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, today, 
Amazon workers in Alabama will begin 
receiving ballots that will give them, 
finally, a real voice in their workplace 
by choosing to join a union. 
Amazon would not be the massively 
successful company that it is and Jeff 
Bezos wouldn’t be a multibillionaire 
without the hard work and the dedica-
tion of its hundreds of thousands of 
U.S. workers. They have put in long 
hours and risked their own health dur-
ing this pandemic to meet the in-
creased demand that we all know. 
As of October, 20,000—think of this— 
20,000 Amazon workers, 20,000 workers 
at one company, Amazon, had con-
tracted COVID–19. That is as of Octo-
ber. We know those numbers would be 
much higher today. 
Because of their hard work, Ama-
zon’s profits have soared by more than 
70 percent. The company’s workers de-
serve to share in the success that they 
made possible. 
Amazon claims to recognize the 
value of its workers. They call their 
workers ‘‘heroes fighting for their com-
munities and helping people get crit-
ical items they need.’’ Heroes, they call 
them. 
If the company truly believed and ap-
preciated that they were heroes, Ama-
zon might back up its words with ac-
tion. That means letting these workers 
organize. It means stopping the cor-
porate union-busting tactics that they 
have deployed against these workers. 
Amazon, one of most powerful cor-
porations in the world, unleashed all of 
that power to fight their own workers 
who are just asking for a voice on the 
job. They have harassed employees 
with 
anti-union 
propaganda, 
mis-
leading text messages, websites, and 
fliers. 
One Washington Post headline really 
said it all: ‘‘Amazon’s anti-union blitz 
stalks Alabama warehouse workers ev-
erywhere, even the bathroom.’’ 
Workers have reported they don’t get 
enough time for bathroom breaks in 
the warehouse. That is how intense the 
company’s pressure is. When they are 
able to use the restroom, even there, 
workers are hit with anti-union propa-
ganda fliers on the stall doors. 
Amazon has repeatedly tried to block 
mail-in voting and force workers to 
hold the union election in person, put-
ting its workers—remember, 20,000 al-
ready have been diagnosed back in Oc-
tober—putting its workers’ health at 
even more risk, just to suppress the 
vote. It is all part of a pattern for 
Amazon. 
In 2019, Amazon fired a Staten Island 
warehouse 
worker 
who 
called 
for 
unionization. They monitor employees’ 
online communications. Last fall, we 
learned the company planned to spend 
hundreds of thousands of dollars on 
new software to monitor, their words, 
‘‘threats’’ like unions. 
It is little wonder Amazon is afraid of 
workers getting more power. So much 
of their business model is built on top 
of exploiting workers, often Black and 
Brown workers and women. 
Instead of employing many drivers 
directly, they use what they call Ama-
zon Flex drivers. Just like with other 
gig economy jobs, ‘‘Flex’’ is corporate 
PR speak for denying workers their 
rights as full employees. 
They have failed to provide complete 
data on COVID–19 spread in the work-
place, so we really can’t find out 
whether the company is protecting its 
workers’ health. 
Amazon rolled back its tiny $2-per- 
hour pandemic raise in June. It an-
nounced a $2-an-hour bonus pandemic 
raise with great fanfare many months 
ago. Then they rolled it back in June, 
and then they announced a one-time 
bonus of $300 per worker, not $3,000 per 
worker, $300 a worker from a company 
that brought in $200 billion in revenue 
the previous year. I am sorry, $280 bil-
lion—280,000 million—$280 billion in 
revenue; they gave workers a bonus of 
$300. 
And Amazon is not alone. The Wash-
ington Post looked at the 50 biggest 
corporations and found that between 
April and September, these companies 
handed out more than $240 billion to 
their 
stockholders 
through 
stock 
buybacks and dividends. 
Companies like that are making 
more and more and more money. They 
are giving it back to executives and 
stockholders in huge dividends and 
stock buybacks. Yet their workers are 
exposed to these health hazards at 
work, exposed to this virus. They come 
home always anxious and scared about 
infecting their families. 
The workers risk their own health, 
often at rockbottom wages, to make 
those companies so profitable. 
If even a global pandemic, where 
America’s workers have been on the 
frontline, if even that will not get cor-
porations to rethink their business 
model that treats workers as expend-
able, then we have to give workers 
more power on the job. 
A grocery store worker said: You 
know, they say—told me, they say I am 
essential, but, really, I feel expendable 
because they don’t pay me much, and 
they don’t protect me on the job. 
PRO ACT 
Mr. President, so what do we do? 
It should mean collective bargaining. 
It should mean unions. It is why I 
joined Senator MURRAY and many of 
my colleagues last week to reintroduce 
the Protecting the Right to Organize 
Act, the PRO Act. 
It is a comprehensive overhaul of our 
labor laws to protect workers’ right to 
stand together and bargain for fair 
wages, fair benefits, safer workplaces. 
We know corporations have attacked 
and undermined worker protections for 
decades, made it harder and harder for 
workers even to stand a chance in or-
ganizing a union when they choose to. 
And look what has happened to our 
economy, as corporations take away 
workers’ power: Productivity goes up, 
corporate profits soar, executive com-
pensation explodes through the roof, 
but wages stay flat, and the middle 
class shrinks. 
Just go over that again. Corporate 
profits, workers’ productivity goes up. 
Workers are working harder and more 
efficiently. Productivity goes up, cor-
porate profits soar, executive com-
pensation explodes, but wages stay 
flat, and the middle class shrinks. 
Our bill would work to level the play-
ing field, finally give workers a fight-
ing chance against corporate union- 
busting tactics like we see right now 
today, last week, the week before, and 
today at Amazon. 
It would strengthen the punishment 
against companies that violate work-
ers’ rights to organize and the compa-
nies that retaliate against union orga-
nizers. 
It would restore to an economy 
rigged against workers by closing loop-
holes 
that 
allow 
employers 
to 
misclassify their employees as super-
visors and independent contractors so 
they don’t have to live under labor law. 
We can’t in this country, whether it 
is in Las Cruces or in Dayton—we can’t 
have a strong, growing middle class 
without strong unions. 
Union members earn 19 percent more, 
on the average, than similar workers in 
nonunion 
jobs. 
They 
have 
better 
healthcare. They are better able to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:20 Feb 09, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00023
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A08FE6.031
S08FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 40-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S584 
February 8, 2021 
save for retirement. They have more 
predictable hours—talk to the Amazon 
workers about their hours—and they 
have more control over their schedules 
and more economic security. 
At a time when this pandemic reveals 
so much about inequality in our soci-
ety, it is more vital than ever that we 
empower all workers. 
It is not a coincidence that so many 
of the workers, at corporations like 
Amazon, whom they exploit are work-
ers of color. It is true at the Amazon 
Alabama facility. The Retail, Whole-
sale and Department Store Union, or-
ganizing in Alabama, has made respect 
and dignity central to its campaign. 
It comes back to the dignity of work. 
Remember what Dr. King said. He said: 
No labor is really menial unless you’re not 
getting adequate wages. 
The president of the Retail, Whole-
sale and Department Store Union, Stu-
art Appelbaum, said: 
We see this as much as a civil rights strug-
gle as a labor struggle. 
We know where Dr. King was assas-
sinated and what he was doing. He was 
fighting for civil rights. He was fight-
ing for worker rights, fighting for sani-
tation workers in Memphis, some of 
the most exploited workers in America. 
A union card is a ticket to the middle 
class, and we fight for economic justice 
by making it available to all workers. 
We just need corporations just to get 
out of the way, let workers organize, 
let workers take control over their ca-
reers and their futures. 
When you love this country, you 
fight for the people who make it work, 
whether it is in New Mexico or Ohio or 
all over this country. 
That is what the Amazon workers in 
Alabama are doing. It is what unions 
have done throughout our history in 
this country. It is what we can do in 
the Senate by passing the PRO Act. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Florida. 
f 
HONORING THE MEMORIES OF THE 
VICTIMS OF THE SENSELESS AT-
TACK AT MARJORY STONEMAN 
DOUGLAS HIGH SCHOOL ON FEB-
RUARY 14, 2018 
Mr. SCOTT of Florida. Mr. President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of S. 
Res. 42, submitted earlier today. 
The 
PRESIDING 
OFFICER. 
The 
clerk will report the resolution by 
title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 42) honoring the 
memories of the victims of the senseless at-
tack at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High 
School on February 14, 2018. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. SCOTT of Florida. Mr. President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the reso-
lution be agreed to, the preamble be 
agreed to, and that the motions to re-
consider be considered made and laid 
upon the table, with no intervening ac-
tion or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 42) was agreed 
to. 
The preamble was agreed to. 
(The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s RECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
Mr. SCOTT of Florida. Mr. President, 
I would like to thank my colleague 
Senator RUBIO for joining me to intro-
duce this resolution today honoring 
the 17 victims of the senseless attack 
at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High 
School on February 14, 2018: Alyssa 
Alhadeff, Scott Beigel, Martin Duque 
Anguiano, 
Nicholas 
Dworet, 
Aaron 
Feis, Jaime Guttenberg, Chris Hixon, 
Luke Hoyer, Cara Loughran, Gina 
Montalto, 
Joaquin 
Oliver, 
Alaina 
Petty, 
Meadow 
Pollack, 
Helena 
Ramsay, 
Alex 
Schachter, 
Carmen 
Schentrup, Peter Wang. 
I think of those innocent lives almost 
every day, lost too early in the tragic 
shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas 
High School in Parkland, FL. 
These individuals were sons, daugh-
ters, parents, and partners. They were 
educators, athletes, musicians. Many 
of them just kids, with a life full of 
promise ahead of them. 
My heart breaks knowing they will 
never get to pursue their dreams and 
that their families will always have a 
piece of their heart missing. 
Since that horrible day, I have 
worked closely with many of the vic-
tims’ families to ensure no child, edu-
cator, or family has to experience that 
again. 
We passed the Marjory Stoneman 
Douglas High School Public Safety Act 
while I was Governor of Florida to 
make sure our State does everything in 
its power to prevent further tragedies. 
Now, as a U.S. Senator, I am fighting 
for improvements on the Federal level, 
including the Luke and Alex School 
Safety Act, named after Luke Hoyer 
and Alex Schachter, which builds on 
our work to keep schools safe. 
And while we can’t bring back these 
lives lost that tragic day nearly 3 years 
ago, I will always work to honor those 
lost and do everything in my power to 
protect our students and educators and 
ensure they have a safe environment to 
learn and succeed. 
Now, I yield the floor to my col-
league Senator RUBIO. 
Mr. RUBIO. I thank my colleague 
from Florida. 
I recall so vividly that day on Feb-
ruary 14, 2018. It started like it does 
most days with people across the coun-
try. They take their children to school, 
drop them off, and, in this case, maybe 
some of them drove themselves. 
And within hours, the lives of 17 fam-
ilies had been changed forever. It was a 
horrible tragedy: 17 students and fac-
ulty members who lost their lives; an-
other 17 that were wounded in the at-
tack. And it shocked the country. 
It was shocking because they went to 
do what so many people do on a regular 
basis in a place where you never think 
that something like that could happen. 
And as my colleague pointed out, 
there is no resolution in the Senate or 
words that we can say that will restore 
the lives that were lost, erase the pain 
still felt by those victims, the families, 
the friends, those who loved them. 
But even as we continue to grieve, we 
must also work to prevent something 
like this from happening anywhere at 
any time. 
I was proud that in the early days 
after this tragedy, within just a few 
weeks, together, working across the 
aisle, we passed the STOP School Vio-
lence Act, which provided Federal 
grant money for school safety. And 
that has been ongoing now for 3 years. 
We passed the Fix NICS Act, which 
helped patch some of the holes that ex-
isted in our background check system. 
Since that day, I have had the honor 
of getting to know and working with 
the parents of many of those who lost 
their lives at Marjory Stoneman Doug-
las High School. 
And I will say that their grace in the 
face of the most traumatic loss that 
any parent, any sibling, any cousin, 
any grandparent, anyone can imagine— 
working with them has been humbling 
in the face of the grace that they have 
shown. The commitment to ensuring 
that no one else has to go through 
what they did is inspiring. 
There are so many I can point to who 
have made a difference in their own 
way. They have all sort of focused on 
different aspects of what we should be 
doing, and I just want to take a mo-
ment today to recognize one indi-
vidual, Max Schachter. 
I know many of you have gotten to 
know him here. This man works tire-
lessly. He lost his son Alex on that day. 
But his commitment has actually 
produced significant progress, thanks 
to his leadership, and I must say his 
leadership—and I spoke to him again 
last Friday, and he continues to work 
on these issues. 
And thanks to that, last year, the 
Federal Government created a Federal 
clearinghouse on school safety best 
practices—a place that any district, 
any school can go to and something 
that is constantly being updated, that 
puts an essential location for best prac-
tices and offers access to an array of 
resources for schools across our Nation 
that are looking to protect their stu-
dents. 
And this is important because in the 
aftermath of this, everyone was trying 
to figure out, well, what should we do? 
And there was no central place where 
you could go to and find that out. 
And recently, as my colleague from 
Florida has pointed out, I, along with 
my colleague from Florida and Senator 
RON
JOHNSON, we reintroduced the 
Luke and Alex School Safety Act, 
named after—partially after his son 
Alex, which would make this clearing-
house permanent. It was put in place 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:20 Feb 09, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00024
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G08FE6.025
S08FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 41-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S585 
February 8, 2021 
by the Agency, but this would make it 
permanent. 
And I just think of parents like Max, 
who have poured so much of their own 
lives into this work and continue to do 
so, and he is always churning out new 
ideas. 
We spoke this last Friday about data 
that is now available, that a lot of peo-
ple don’t even know is there; data that 
shows you which schools are having 
suspensions, which schools are having 
fights, which schools are having arrests 
and violence as a way of finding anom-
alies in the data. I mean, he is con-
stantly—and Max has become a subject 
matter expert through this tragedy, 
but he is constantly looking for im-
provements that can be not just done 
in Florida but across the country, and 
he is tireless all across the country. 
There is something else we took that 
was successful in Florida, and today we 
have reintroduced, along with Senator 
REED and Senator KING and my col-
league from Florida—that is reintro-
ducing the Extreme Risk Protection 
Order and Violence Prevention Act, to 
encourage the passing of these laws 
that allow you to identify someone 
who is a danger to themselves or oth-
ers, to go to a court, provide them due 
process, and potentially prevent a sui-
cide or a senseless act like what we saw 
on that day 3 years ago. 
And this bill would not mandate it, 
but it would dedicate the Department 
of Justice funds to incentivize more 
States to adopt similar measures. It 
will encourage the rest of the country 
to follow the lead in Florida and to 
save lives. We know it has prevented 
suicides and we know it has prevented 
potential attacks in Florida and in 
States where it has been implemented. 
And we can’t force more States to do 
it, but we can try to incentivize them. 
So it is my hope and my prayer that 
as we continue to work together that 
we can achieve this and other things so 
that no family, no community, no 
State, no one will have to go through 
what the incredible families of Park-
land endured on that day and the 3 
years that followed. 
Today, as we remember the lives that 
were lost, let us pledge to honor them 
by continuing to move forward toward 
safer and more secure schools and com-
munities in our work here. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Illinois. 
f 
IMPEACHMENT 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I was 
just noting that the Senate Chamber 
has been rearranged because tomorrow 
we commence the impeachment trial, 
the second impeachment of Donald 
Trump. 
In the center of the well is a podium 
and microphone where the attorneys 
representing the House managers who 
voted the impeachment resolution will 
stand to make their case a few hours 
after we commence the trial. The 
President’s defenders will have the 
same opportunity. 
They will be standing in a spot that 
is literally 4 or 5 feet away from a loca-
tion still fresh in my mind. It was 
there right in the center of the aisle 
between the majority and minority 
leader of the Senate, on January 6, 
when two men appeared whom I had 
never seen before in plain clothes and 
stood in the center of the well holding 
automatic weapons. 
It was just minutes after the Vice 
President had been removed from the 
chair where you are sitting, whisked 
off the floor of the Senate by the Se-
cret Service, I imagine. He was pulled 
off the floor. It wasn’t a ‘‘follow me, 
Mr. Vice President’’; they pulled him 
off the floor. That was at 2:15. Within a 
few minutes, the mob which had in-
vaded the U.S. Capitol was on the 
march, on its way toward this Chamber 
where most of us were sitting, having 
dealt with our constitutional responsi-
bility of counting the electoral votes. 
I remember when they interrupted 
the quorum call that they were con-
ducting for one of the Capitol police-
men to stand before us and say: Every-
one stay in your seats. We are going to 
bring all the staffers. They are going to 
line the walls. We are going to lock all 
the doors. This will be the safe room in 
the Capitol. 
It couldn’t have been more than 10 or 
15 minutes later when the same police-
man said: Everybody out now. 
The mob had come through the Cap-
itol, through the Rotunda, and was now 
on the Senate side of the building with-
in easy reach of 100 Senators. So we 
filed out the back door and down a 
staircase, over to the tunnels, and 
down to the Hart Building, hoping to 
escape them. I watched through the 
window as I went down the steps and 
saw all the flags coming up toward the 
Capitol—American flags, Trump flags, 
flags I didn’t recognize—all the people 
coming up here. 
We know what happened later that 
same day. The mob crashed through 
the doors into this Chamber, posed for 
pictures at our desks, and scrawled 
messages to us, went through our desks 
and looked at them, literally inter-
rupted the business of the U.S. Senate 
counting all the electoral votes. 
Was that just an accident, that thou-
sands of people were in Washington on 
January 6? Was that just an accident, 
that they gathered at the Ellipse for 
the President of the United States, 
Donald Trump, to speak to them? Was 
it just an accident that within 40 min-
utes or 45 minutes after the President 
sent them off to the Capitol, they were 
here breaking windows and breaking 
down doors to come inside? No, it was 
by design. 
We are now learning who designed 
that strategy and that attack on the 
Capitol, and tomorrow we are going to 
start a trial to determine whether the 
former President of the United States 
of America bears responsibility for in-
citing that mob or inspiring that insur-
rection. 
When you read the history of the 
writing of the Constitution, it is al-
most impossible—maybe it is impos-
sible to put yourself in the moment. 
These men, all men, gathered in Phila-
delphia. They had just fought a bloody, 
long war, a Revolutionary War against 
one of the most powerful nations in the 
world, and they were setting up a gov-
ernment on this side of the ocean with 
the hopes that it would survive. And 
they were worried. They were worried 
about the enemy from without and the 
enemy from within. They talked about 
our responsibility to maintain this de-
mocracy and the challenges we might 
face. 
At the time, they were wary because 
of what they lived through. As we read 
about it now, we wonder, what was the 
concern? What was behind all that con-
cern? 
If you are honest, you know that in 
1861, our Nation went to war with itself 
in a Civil War with over half a million 
lives lost. So it was a fragile democ-
racy, as they thought. But we never 
dreamed—at least, I never dreamed 
that in the 21st century, there would be 
a concern over an insurrection to over-
throw the Government of the United 
States with violence. No, not in Amer-
ica. Not in 2021. That is exactly what 
happened on January 6. That is why we 
will be meeting tomorrow for the ac-
countability of Donald Trump for that 
event. 
Now, there are people who have told 
us we should get over it. Get over it. He 
is gone. Why do you keep talking about 
Donald Trump? Let him ride off into 
the sunset, as one fellow shouted at me 
at the airport a few weeks ago. Why 
would you want to keep reminding us 
of our differences in visions? 
Well, I think the answer is pretty ob-
vious. We can’t reach real unity in 
America until we deal with the reality 
of America as Donald Trump left it, 
and January 6 was a classic illustra-
tion. 
There is one other image I share in 
my thinking about this trial when I 
hear former U.N. Ambassador Nikki 
Haley, the former Governor of South 
Carolina, say ‘‘Get over it’’ to the 
Democrats. I think of that solemn 
scene in the Capitol Rotunda last week 
as we honored Capitol Hill Policeman 
Brian Sicknick, who was murdered by 
that mob—murdered by that mob. 
I spoke to his mom and dad after-
wards. He always wanted to be a police 
officer. He served in the Air Force, but 
he wanted to be a police officer. His 
mom said: ‘‘We thought of all places 
for him to be a police officer, the safest 
had to be the United States Capitol 
building.’’ And she lost her son to that 
murderous mob. I can’t get over that. I 
am sure his family will never get over 
it. 
If we can’t give an honest answer to 
the American people for what happened 
and who was responsible for it, shame 
on us. 
America came close to losing this de-
mocracy on January 6. This President’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:20 Feb 09, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00025
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G08FE6.026
S08FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 42-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S586 
February 8, 2021 
design was to make sure an election 
didn’t count, that November 3 was ig-
nored. What happened on January 6 
was an attempted coup, make no mis-
take. As others have pointed out, an 
attempted coup that is not punished is 
a trial run for the next time. 
Over the 4 years of his Presidency, 
someone decided to take account of the 
many times that the President lied to 
the American people. They were in the 
thousands. Many of his lies were an at-
tempt to discredit anyone or any insti-
tution that stood in his way. It is an 
old trick straight out of the authori-
tarian handbook: Tell so many lies 
that people can no longer tell fact from 
fiction. 
His last and most damaging lie was, 
over and over he repeated to the Amer-
ican people: They stole the election. 
They rigged the election. 
Donald Trump’s apologists will come 
to the floor of the Senate in the next 
few days and say that he had a First 
Amendment right to say whatever he 
wanted, whether it was the truth or 
not. But no one, not even the Presi-
dent, has a First Amendment right to 
incite an insurrection against this gov-
ernment. That is not a right; it is a 
crime, a high crime. 
When he first ran for President in 
2016, Donald Trump said the only way 
he could lose is if the election were sto-
len. Four years later, he tweeted the 
lie of a stolen election so many times 
at his rallies. 
When he lost, he tried to convince 
the courts. He went to 60 different 
courts pleading that the election had 
been rigged and stolen. They laughed 
him out of the court every time. 
He tried to bully officials in swing 
States and members of his own admin-
istration. On January 2, as Americans 
were dying of COVID–19, Donald Trump 
was on the telephone to the Republican 
secretary of state of the State of Geor-
gia, spending more than an hour plead-
ing and threatening him to somehow 
‘‘find the votes’’ to overturn that 
State’s votes in the Presidential elec-
tion. Trump failed. The Republican 
secretary of state refused his request. 
He was not intimidated by his threats 
and had the foresight to tape record 
the conversation so there could be no 
denial. 
For weeks before January 6, Donald 
Trump exhorted his followers to come 
to Washington on the day that Con-
gress would assemble to certify State 
electoral votes. He knew that his ex-
tremist followers were waiting for 
their signals and their orders. 
Over the summer, when armed ex-
tremists stormed and occupied State 
capitals, demanding an end to COVID 
safety 
instructions, 
Donald 
Trump 
cheered them on. 
On January 6, he whipped them into 
a frenzy just a few short moments from 
here. He spoke for more than an hour 
at that rally at the Ellipse. This is 
some of what he said—and I quote Don-
ald Trump—to the mob on its way to 
the Capitol. 
‘‘We will never give up,’’ he said. ‘‘We 
will never concede. It doesn’t happen.’’ 
Then he said, ‘‘We won this election, 
and we won it by a landslide. This was 
not a close election.’’ 
Then he spoke of his Vice President, 
and he said, ‘‘I hope Mike is doing the 
right thing. I hope so. I hope so. Be-
cause if Mike Pence does the right 
thing, we win the election. . . . All [the 
Vice President] has to do is send it 
back to the states to recertify, and we 
become president, and you are the 
happiest people.’’ 
Then he said, ‘‘We have to fight like 
hell,’’ Donald Trump said to that crowd 
before they made it up to the Capitol. 
‘‘If you don’t fight like hell, you’re not 
going to have a country anymore,’’ 
Donald Trump said. ‘‘Our boldest en-
deavors have not yet begun. . . . We’re 
going to the Capitol. We’re going to try 
and give [the Republicans] the kind of 
pride and boldness that they need to 
take back our country.’’ 
Donald Trump wasn’t shocked at 
what happened next. The crowd fol-
lowed orders. He was excited. Accord-
ing to reports, he ignored police pleas 
from the White House, who begged 
him—people around him begged him to 
do something to calm the mob before 
they got to the Capitol. 
At 
2:11 
p.m., 
the 
mob 
smashed 
through the doors and windows and 
began pouring into this building. 
Thirteen minutes later, while the 
mob chanted ‘‘Hang Mike Pence,’’ Don-
ald Trump tweeted ‘‘Mike Pence didn’t 
have the courage to do what should 
have been done to protect our Country 
. . . giving States a chance to certify a 
corrected set of facts . . . USA de-
mands the truth!’’ 
At 6:01 p.m., Donald Trump again 
tweeted to the mob 4 hours after they 
had broken into this building. Here is 
what he said: ‘‘These are the things and 
events that happen when a sacred land-
slide 
election 
victory 
is 
unceremoniously & viciously stripped 
away from great patriots who have 
been badly & unfairly treated for so 
long. Go home with love & in peace.’’ 
And he closed, ‘‘Remember this day 
forever!’’ 
I will. And those of us in this build-
ing 
at 
the 
moment 
will. 
Brian 
Sicknick’s family will. 
Now nearly all of our Republican col-
leagues tell us it is time to move on. 
Forget about it. Forget the authori-
tarian President and his contempt for 
democracy that summoned this mob. 
Forget the failed coup without ac-
countability. Just move on. 
Polls show that the majority of Re-
publican voters in America believe 
Donald Trump’s lie. They still believe 
him, even after it has been rejected by 
local and State election officials of 
both parties. That is why the Senate is 
proceeding to the second impeachment 
trial tomorrow. 
Donald Trump is gone from elected 
office, but the poison he injected into 
the national bloodstream remains, and 
it grows even more toxic. 
On the inauguration of President Joe 
Biden, it was different from any I have 
seen, and it was the tenth one that I 
witnessed. The crowd was contained in 
a very small garden area. There were 
many more National Guardsmen in the 
streets of Washington as he was sworn 
in on January 20 than the crowd that 
assembled on the Mall. 
I used to go to Central America and 
visited countries like El Salvador. I 
can remember being at the capitol of 
El Salvador. I was struck, at the time, 
by soldiers standing on the street cor-
ners with automatic weapons, and I 
thought: What kind of country can this 
be that soldiers will stand up just like 
a normal cop on the beat with auto-
matic weapons? 
We have reached that point here in 
Washington. We have reached that 
point in the Senate Chamber. It is a re-
minder of the fragility and vulnerabil-
ity of our democracy. 
There is a great cost to what we have 
just been through, and we continue to 
incur it to keep the people in this Cap-
itol safe and those who visit. But there 
is a deeper cost. Brian Sicknick is part 
of the cost of January 6. He was proud 
to protect this Capitol. He gave his life 
for doing it. 
Last Wednesday, Officer Sicknick’s 
ashes were carried in a wooden box into 
the Rotunda of the Capitol, where we 
honored him. The silence of his return 
was made more painful by remem-
bering how an angry mob had dese-
crated this building that he loved. 
Brian Sicknick paid for that hushed 
peace with his life. He is one of a long 
line of patriots who have given their 
lives over more than 240 years to pro-
tect this country. 
For his sake, for all of those wounded 
on January 6, and for the safety of our 
democracy, we have to put an end to 
Donald Trump’s big lie, once and for 
all, and look honestly at the culpa-
bility of the man who incited this mob 
to attack Congress, to attack the Con-
stitution, and to attack our way of life. 
I yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The 
PRESIDING 
OFFICER. 
The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. SULLIVAN. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order 
for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The 
PRESIDING 
OFFICER 
(Ms. 
SMITH). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
REMEMBERING GEORGE P. 
SHULTZ 
Mr. SULLIVAN. Madam President, as 
many of us know, our country is 
mourning the loss of a great man, a 
man who I believe was one of the great-
est of the Greatest Generation. 
Yesterday, we all received the sad 
news that George Shultz, Secretary 
Shultz, died in his home in California 
yesterday. He was 100 years old. He just 
celebrated his 100th birthday in Decem-
ber. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:12 Feb 09, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00026
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G08FE6.023
S08FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 43-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S587 
February 8, 2021 
He was a man of great intelligence, of 
courage, of integrity. He exemplified 
service, what is great about this Na-
tion, and hope for our country—not 
just for our country but countries 
around the world. Democracy itself was 
something that this great American 
promoted. 
He leaves behind his wife Charlotte, 3 
daughters, 2 sons, 11 grandchildren, and 
9 great-grandchildren. Of course, our 
prayers for his family are going out to 
all of them during this difficult time. 
There are people who have lived his-
tory, and there are people who have 
made history. Secretary Shultz made 
history. He lived a life in full, and he 
was always giving back to his country, 
to his fellow Americans. 
He was one of only two, I believe, 
American citizens who held four dif-
ferent Cabinet posts in the U.S. Gov-
ernment. He was OMB Director, Sec-
retary of Labor, Secretary of the 
Treasury, and, most importantly, Sec-
retary of State for almost the entire 
two terms of President Reagan’s tenure 
during some very perilous times in our 
country’s history. 
As Secretary of State, there is no 
doubt that Secretary Shultz, along 
with President Reagan, did so much to 
win the Cold War, to bring down the 
Berlin Wall eventually, to successfully 
not just defeat in the Cold War the So-
viet Union but to foster the infrastruc-
ture of democracy around the globe. If 
you read about his exploits, if you read 
his autobiography, you will see so 
much of what George Shultz did for our 
country, which was so important. 
It is not an exaggeration to say we 
are living in a more peaceful and pros-
perous world—there is no doubt we 
have challenges—because of men like 
Secretary Shultz. 
One of the great honors of my life-
time was to get to know Secretary 
Shultz over the last several years. I 
had the opportunity to meet with him 
many, many times and to listen and 
learn—and his mind was so sharp— 
from the stories that he would tell. 
This, to me, is another great example 
of leadership—people who, even in the 
end years of their life, are still men-
toring others, whether Senators or stu-
dents. 
He would regularly teach classes at 
Stanford as part of the Hoover Institu-
tion out there. He kept writing books 
until his 100th birthday. 
I had the opportunity to wish him a 
happy birthday in December and was 
even on a Zoom call with him. I will 
say, in my experience with him, cer-
tain things kept coming out, themes of 
a life: service, of course, patriotism, in-
tegrity, trust, and also the U.S. Marine 
Corps. 
You know, when it comes to the issue 
of integrity, you look at Secretary 
Shultz’s career, his life, and he always 
had integrity as the highest principle, 
and he talked about that, not just in-
tegrity to do the right thing, which 
meant sometimes saying no, but he did 
this throughout his career. And, then, 
at the very twilight of his career, he 
talked about not just integrity but 
trust—trust as the coin of the realm of 
a good life, of service. 
As he was turning 100 in December, 
he put out a little pamphlet. It is right 
here. I read the whole thing. I encour-
age my colleagues to read it: 
Life and Learning after One Hundred 
Years. Trust Is the Coin of the Realm. Re-
flections on Trust and Effective Relation-
ships across a New Hinge of History. George 
P. Shultz, December 13, 2020. 
Who does that when they are 100—put 
out a pamphlet on trust? Well, George 
Shultz did that. 
In the pamphlet, Secretary Shultz 
wrote that one lesson he learned as a 
child and retained over and over again 
was the importance of trust. As he says 
in this pamphlet: 
When trust was in the room, whatever 
room that was—the family room, the school-
room, the coach’s room, the office room, the 
government room, or the military room— 
good things happen. When trust was not in 
the room, good things did not happen. 
I think, certainly, we can learn that 
here in the U.S. Senate, where trust is 
the coin of the realm here. There is no 
doubt about that. 
This idea of trust is a lesson that 
stayed with him throughout his career 
and a concept that he believed—when 
you read all his writings and talked to 
him the way so many of us have had 
the opportunity to—helped lead to the 
end of the Cold War—trust. President 
Reagan, General Secretary Gorbachev 
together 
eliminated 
intermediate- 
range nuclear weapons, which laid 
down the foundation for the peaceful 
end of the Cold War in which the 
United States was victorious. 
This pamphlet by Secretary Shultz 
on trust can be found online at https:// 
www.hoover.org/sites/default/files/re-
search/docs/shultzlfinalfilelweb- 
ready.pdf. 
Even to the end of his days, he was 
still looking at providing guidance to 
the Senate. I had a talk with him, as I 
mentioned, just about 5 weeks ago 
about his coming to testify in front of 
the Armed Services Committee, a tra-
dition started by another great Amer-
ican, John McCain, chairman of the 
Armed Services Committee. Every Jan-
uary, we would start with some states-
men with a lot of knowledge and his-
tory, and George Shultz was always 
part of that, testifying in front of the 
Armed Services Committee at 98, 99 
years old, with Henry Kissinger, the 
junior man in the room, who was just a 
year or two younger. 
Senator REED and I were just talking 
recently 
about 
bringing 
Secretary 
Shultz back to, once again, testify in 
front of the Armed Services Com-
mittee, and I am sad to say we have 
lost this great American before he can 
do that again. 
Let me conclude with this: The other 
thing I loved about George Shultz is 
that he was, first and foremost, a U.S. 
marine. Until the end of his life, he 
spoke about the pride he gained from 
serving in combat in World War II as a 
Marine Corps officer and the many, 
many lessons he learned throughout 
his life from his service in the Marines. 
The first time I ever met the Sec-
retary, I went into his office. I thought 
there would be a bunch of pictures with 
famous people—there were some of 
those—but there were Marine Corps re-
cruiting posters everywhere. 
Former 
Secretary 
of 
State 
Condoleezza Rice, another great Amer-
ican, recounted in her excellent op-ed 
about the legacy of Secretary Shultz 
just yesterday in the Washington Post. 
He told her that being Secretary of 
State was ‘‘the best job in govern-
ment.’’ 
When she got nominated to be Sec-
retary of State, he called her to give 
her some advice. They were very good 
friends. He was a mentor of hers as 
well. He said it is the best job in gov-
ernment, the Secretary of State. And 
then he corrected himself: It is the best 
job except for when I was a Marine 
Corps captain. 
That is what he told Condi, so he was 
first and foremost a marine. 
For all of these reasons, I will be 
calling up a resolution, a bipartisan 
resolution, to honor the life, achieve-
ments, and legacy of the Honorable 
George P. Shultz, who has done so 
much for our great Nation. We are 
working on this. Hopefully, we will get 
it passed in the Senate here soon. It is 
very bipartisan already. I was hoping 
to get it done tonight. 
When great Americans leave us, it is 
really important that we reflect and 
look on the life of service, commit-
ment, patriotism, honor, courage, and 
learn from that. Even though he is 
gone after 100 years, I know I am going 
to be learning from George Shultz for a 
long, long time. I sure hope and I ex-
pect and I certainly believe that my 
colleagues here in the U.S. Senate and 
our fellow Americans will be as well. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-
ate proceed to executive session to con-
sider the following nomination: Execu-
tive Calendar No. 14, Kathleen Holland 
Hicks, of Virginia, to be Deputy Sec-
retary of Defense. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the nomination. 
The legislative clerk read the nomi-
nation of Kathleen Holland Hicks, of 
Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary of De-
fense. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the nomination. 
Mr. SCHUMER. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the Senate vote on the nomi-
nation with no intervening action or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:20 Feb 09, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00027
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G08FE6.027
S08FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 44-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S588 
February 8, 2021 
debate; that if confirmed, the motion 
to reconsider be considered made and 
laid upon the table; and that the Presi-
dent be immediately notified of the 
Senate’s action. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The question is, Will the Senate ad-
vise and consent to the Hicks nomina-
tion? 
The nomination was confirmed. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-
ate resume legislative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED TODAY 
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-
ate proceed to the en bloc consider-
ation of the following resolutions that 
were submitted earlier today: S. Res. 
38, S. Res. 39, S. Res. 40, and S. Res. 41. 
The 
PRESIDING 
OFFICER. 
The 
clerk will report the resolutions by 
title en bloc. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 38) establishing proce-
dures for access to the floor of the Senate 
and the Senate Wing of the Capitol during 
impeachment proceedings against Donald 
John Trump, former President of the United 
States. 
A resolution (S. Res. 39) to authorize the 
installation of appropriate equipment and 
furniture in the Senate chamber for the im-
peachment 
proceedings 
of 
Donald 
John 
Trump, former President of the United 
States. 
A resolution (S. Res. 40) establishing proce-
dures for access to the galleries of the Sen-
ate 
Chamber 
during 
impeachment 
pro-
ceedings of Donald John Trump, former 
President of the United States. 
A resolution (S. Res. 41) allowing limited 
laptop computer access on the floor of the 
Senate during impeachment proceedings of 
Donald John Trump, former President of the 
United States. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolutions 
en bloc. 
Mr. SCHUMER. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the resolutions be agreed to 
en bloc and that the motions to recon-
sider be considered made and laid upon 
the table with no intervening action or 
debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolutions were agreed to en 
bloc. 
(The resolutions are printed in to-
day’s RECORD under ‘‘Submitted Reso-
lutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, 
FEBRUARY 9, 2021 
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the 
Senate completes its business today, it 
adjourn until 1 p.m., Tuesday, Feb-
ruary 9; further, that following the 
prayer and pledge, the morning hour be 
deemed expired, the Journal of pro-
ceedings be approved to date, the time 
for the two leaders be reserved for their 
use later in the day, and morning busi-
ness be closed; further, that upon the 
conclusion of morning business, the 
Senate resume the impeachment trial 
of 
former 
President 
Donald 
John 
Trump. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 1 P.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, if 
there is no further business to come be-
fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-
sent that it stand adjourned under the 
previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 7:15 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, 
February 9, 2021, at 1 p.m. 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS 
Executive nominations confirmed by 
the Senate, February 8, 2021: 
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS 
DENIS RICHARD MCDONOUGH, OF MARYLAND, TO BE 
SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
KATHLEEN HOLLAND HICKS, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE DEP-
UTY SECRETARY OF DEFENSE. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:12 Feb 09, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00028
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 9801
E:\CR\FM\G08FE6.028
S08FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 45-
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E119 
February 8, 2021 
HONORING FORMER REP. JANE 
HARMAN 
HON. STENY H. HOYER 
OF MARYLAND 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Monday, February 8, 2021 
Mr. HOYER. Madam Speaker, I want to 
take a moment to pay tribute to a dear friend 
and a wonderful former colleague of ours. 
Former Rep. Jane Harman, who retired from 
this House in 2011 after nine terms rep-
resenting the Thirty-Ninth District of California, 
is stepping down in February after ten very 
successful years as CEO of the Wilson Cen-
ter. I hope all of us in this House will join me 
in congratulating her and wishing her well in 
her next endeavors. I have no doubt that she 
will find new ways to continue serving her 
country, as she has done with such dedication 
and ability since her days as a staffer for Sen. 
John Tunney in the early 1970’s and during 
her time in Congress, where she served as 
Ranking Member of the House Permanent Se-
lect Committee on Intelligence. Jane’s entire 
career has been spent in service to the people 
of California and to the American people. 
The Wilson Center was created by Con-
gress in 1968 to serve as a nonpartisan policy 
forum and support research into addressing 
global issues. It continues to fulfill its role as 
a public think tank, a place where scholars 
and leaders come together to seek creative 
solutions to some of the country’s and the 
world’s most intractable challenges. As the 
first woman to serve as its CEO, Jane 
oversaw an expansion of its programs, helped 
grow its federal appropriation by a third, and 
launched its Global Women’s Leadership Ini-
tiative. She drew on her close contacts abroad 
to bring world-class scholars and global lead-
ers to the Center for informative discussions 
and debates, and I was honored to be her 
guest at the Center’s fiftieth anniversary dinner 
in 2018 and to welcome Jane back to Capitol 
Hill for the Center’s very informative ‘Fiscal 
Ship’ budgetary exercise in 2016. Under her 
guidance, the Wilson Center has truly lived up 
to its mission and will surely continue to do so 
for a long time to come as a result of her 
sound management and oversight. 
I hope all of us will take a moment to thank 
former Rep. Jane Harman for her many years 
of outstanding service to our country and her 
commitment to the hard work of ensuring that 
our democracy can deliver the best policy-
making for the American people. She will long 
remain a friend to so many of us in this 
House, and I will continue to cherish her 
friendship and her wise counsel in the years 
ahead. 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF DORIS 
SCHUMACHER TERRETT 
HON. ANDY KIM 
OF NEW JERSEY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Monday, February 8, 2021 
Mr. KIM of New Jersey. Madam Speaker, I 
rise today to honor Doris Terrett. She was a 
beloved member of the New Jersey commu-
nity who passed away on February 4, 2021 at 
the age of eighty-eight. She is survived by her 
daughter and son-in-law Kim and David 
Keosian and her dear grandson Christopher 
Michael Keosian. 
Doris lived a full life and leaves behind a 
legacy of service that has touched many. I 
know I speak for the entire 3rd Congressional 
District when I say we are grateful for Doris’ 
contributions to our community. 
My heart goes out to Doris’ entire family. 
They will be in my thoughts and prayers dur-
ing this difficult time when too many New Jer-
sey families are grieving. 
f 
PROVIDING 
FOR 
THE 
ADOPTION 
OF S. CON. RES. 5, CONCURRENT 
RESOLUTION 
ON 
THE 
BUDGET 
FOR FISCAL YEAR 2021 
SPEECH OF 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, February 5, 2021 
Ms. DELAURO. Madam Speaker, one year 
later and we are still in the biggest economic 
and health crisis the country has ever faced. 
It warrants the biggest governmental response 
the country has ever seen. To rescue our peo-
ple, our economy and our health care system, 
we need a comprehensive, lasting rescue plan 
immediately. The American people cannot af-
ford any more delays. 
After a disastrous mishandling by the former 
administration the United States remains the 
epicenter of a global pandemic. Cases of the 
coronavirus are still high. Schools remain 
closed, businesses shuttered, unemployment 
is rising. It is harrowing. 
The hour is dark. But today, Congress is 
ready to help get families, workers, and the 
country to the dawn of the recovery. This cri-
sis is not over so our work is not done. Let us 
secure a pathway for the American Rescue 
Plan and start to build back better. 
f 
REINTRODUCTION OF THE 
CONGRESS COMMISSION ACT 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Monday, February 8, 2021 
Mr. HASTINGS. Madam Speaker, I rise to 
reintroduce the Congress Commission Act of 
2021. This bill establishes the bipartisan Con-
gressional Commission to Strengthen Rep-
resentative Democracy to study and make rec-
ommendations on membership of the House 
of Representatives, the methods by which rep-
resentatives are elected, and how to ensure 
opportunities for greater constituent and rep-
resentative engagement. 
The United States is the least representative 
democracy out of all of our international peers. 
It has been over one hundred years since the 
representative chamber has increased in size. 
During those intervening years the United 
States has added four additional states, the 
population has expanded exponentially, and 
the extension of voting suffrage means our na-
tional electorate looks vastly different than it 
did in the early twentieth century. And yet, 
over the course of more than a century, there 
has been insufficient effort to consider or 
enact changes to House membership that 
could improve how such population growth in 
number and diversity are reflected by federal 
representatives. Too many years have passed 
us by without any serious consideration of 
how our nation’s growth and progress is re-
flected in the People’s House. 
We have in front of us an overwhelming 
amount of evidence illustrating the need for re-
form of the House of Representatives. Just 
last year, our fellow Americans took to the 
streets and ballot boxes demanding change 
and we came close to admitting a new state 
to our union. The completion of the 2020 Cen-
sus provides us essential data on the popu-
lation of the nation and the growing, disparate 
ratio of almost 750,000 Americans to each 
Member of the House. This is just the aver-
age. One Member may represent anywhere 
from almost 530,000 constituents, up to over 
1,050,000 constituents. This Commission will 
determine if such a disparity in districts’ popu-
lations ensures the just and equitable rep-
resentation our chamber is intended to provide 
each citizen and district. 
While I speak to the challenges of our cur-
rent membership structure, ultimately the 
Commission to Strengthen Representative De-
mocracy is not required to change the size of 
the House, voting methods for Representa-
tives, or any other House process or assem-
bly. I expect my colleagues that will participate 
on the Commission will execute their duties 
justly, judiciously, and with the intent of what 
is best for our constituents and our nation. 
Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support this important legislation. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF BRUCE 
BEACH’S RETIREMENT 
HON. VERONICA ESCOBAR 
OF TEXAS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Monday, February 8, 2021 
Ms. ESCOBAR. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Mr. Bruce Beach, the re-
cently retired Director of Bands at Franklin 
High School in El Paso, Texas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:58 Feb 09, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A08FE8.001
E08FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 46-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E120 
February 8, 2021 
For 25 years, Mr. Beach taught music edu-
cation to thousands of students. It is no easy 
feat to teach 20 students, let alone 200. How-
ever, Mr. Beach is much more than an educa-
tor. Many of his students have pursued their 
musical and non-musical aspirations because 
of his support and guidance. His students 
learned important life skills like teamwork, re-
sponsibility, and dedication. 
In 2015, Mr. Beach served as President of 
the Texas Bandmasters Association. He rep-
resented El Paso and oversaw the annual 
convention that showcased new music and 
teaching methods for fellow bandmasters. In 
addition to teaching, he also found time to par-
ticipate in the El Paso Wind Symphony where 
he played principal trombone. 
Congratulations to Mr. Beach on all his 
achievements. I thank him for his commitment 
to education and the arts. 
f 
RECOGNIZING 
THE 
CAREER 
OF 
POUDRE FIRE AUTHORITY CHIEF 
TOM DEMINT 
HON. JOE NEGUSE 
OF COLORADO 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Monday, February 8, 2021 
Mr. NEGUSE. Madam Speaker, so often the 
safety of our communities falls to the responsi-
bility of just a few. Today, I rise to honor one 
of those few: Chief Tom DeMint of the north-
ern Colorado’s Poudre Fire Authority. 
In addition to his nearly 33 years with the 
Fire Authority, Chief DeMint served for 11 
years as E.M.S. personnel, culminating in 44 
years of dedicated service to our community. 
Now, he is heading into a very well-earned re-
tirement. 
A leader with a steadfast work ethic, caring 
demeanor, and a great sense of humor, Chief 
DeMint’s service is concluding after assisting 
the Fire Authority in adapting to the pandemic 
while also battling one of the most long-lasting 
and devastating wildfire seasons in our state’s 
history. The chief partnered with Poudre’s 220 
Fire Authority personnel to combat these fires 
and ensure the safety of our civilians. His 
leadership and expertise were irreplaceable 
during these trying times and will be sorely 
missed by all those who served alongside him. 
Let us remember today and all days that our 
communities are able, not only to survive, but 
also thrive, because of those who run into the 
fire for us. 
I share my endearing gratitude to Chief 
DeMint for his tireless service and wish him a 
happy and relaxing retirement. 
RECOGNIZING 
NATIONAL 
COURT 
REPORTING 
AND 
CAPTIONING 
WEEK 
HON. RON KIND 
OF WISCONSIN 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Monday, February 8, 2021 
Mr. KIND. Madam Speaker, today, we rec-
ognize Court Reporting and Captioning Week. 
Court reporters and captioners are highly 
trained professionals who share a unique abil-
ity to convert the spoken word to text that can 
be read, streamed, broadcast, searched, and 
archived. This specialization includes broad-
cast captioning and realtime translation serv-
ices for people who are deaf and hard of hear-
ing, as well as providing near-instant trans-
lation in legal and other settings. Approxi-
mately 48 million Americans are considered 
deaf or hard-of-hearing, and the captioning 
services of realtime writers and stenographic 
captioners ensure that all Americans have 
equal access to news and other vital informa-
tion. 
In the 116th Congress, I reintroduced the 
Training for Realtime Writers Act, which would 
reauthorize the Training for Realtime Writers 
Grant Program and encourage careers in 
realtime writing and court reporting, provide 
scholarships for students, and modernizes cur-
riculum to adapt to our changing world. I was 
proud to have my bill included in the 2008 
Higher Education Act Reauthorization and in 
the College Affordability Act of the 116th Con-
gress. 
The Training for Realtime Writers Grant Pro-
gram has been successful in training the cur-
rent generation of captioners and court report-
ers and has aided in the rapid growth of these 
professions. By reauthorizing the Training for 
Realtime Writers grants, students will have the 
opportunity to enter a technical, well-paid, and 
highly skilled career that will allow them to be-
come court reporters and captioners imme-
diately upon graduation. 
I want to acknowledge the court reporters 
and captioners in the House of Representa-
tives, especially those who were on the House 
floor on January 6, 2021, when insurrectionists 
breached the Capitol. Their work is crucial to 
the sustained function of our government, and 
I thank them for their service and dedication to 
our country. 
From maintaining the integrity of our democ-
racy to ensuring every citizen stays up to date 
on today’s 24-hour news cycle, realtime writ-
ers are vital to Americans in all communities. 
Over the past decade, this program has en-
couraged a new generation of realtime writers 
to enter this vital field. I am proud to work with 
the National Court Reporters Association and 
with my friend Rep. RODNEY DAVIS to reau-
thorize this program so we can continue to in-
crease awareness and interest in this profes-
sion. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 
1977, calls for establishment of a sys-
tem for a computerized schedule of all 
meetings and hearings of Senate com-
mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-
tees, and committees of conference. 
This title requires all such committees 
to notify the Office of the Senate Daily 
Digest—designated by the Rules Com-
mittee—of the time, place and purpose 
of the meetings, when scheduled and 
any cancellations or changes in the 
meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-
mation, the Office of the Senate Daily 
Digest will prepare this information for 
printing in the Extensions of Remarks 
section of the CONGRESSIONAL RECORD 
on Monday and Wednesday of each 
week. 
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, Feb-
ruary 9, 2021 may be found in the Daily 
Digest of today’s RECORD. 
MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
FEBRUARY 10 
10 a.m. 
Committee on the Budget 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tion of Neera Tanden, of Massachu-
setts, to be Director of the Office of 
Management and Budget. 
SD–608 
FEBRUARY 11 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
Organizational business meeting for the 
117th Congress. 
SD–G50 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions 
Business meeting to consider the nomi-
nations of Miguel A. Cardona, of Con-
necticut, to be Secretary of Education, 
and Martin Joseph Walsh, of Massachu-
setts, to be Secretary of Labor. 
SD–430 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:58 Feb 09, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A08FE8.005
E08FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 47-
D101 
Monday, February 8, 2021 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate confirmed the nomination of Denis Richard McDonough, of 
Maryland, to be Secretary of Veterans Affairs. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S561–S588 
Measures Introduced: Thirty-nine bills and twelve 
resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 269–307, 
S.J. Res. 7, and S. Res. 36–46.                     Pages S571–73 
Measures Passed: 
Honoring the victims of Marjory Stoneman 
Douglas High School: Senate agreed to S. Res. 42, 
honoring the memories of the victims of the sense-
less attack at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High 
School on February 14, 2018.                       Pages S584–85 
Floor access during impeachment proceedings: 
Senate agreed to S. Res. 38, establishing procedures 
for access to the floor of the Senate and the Senate 
Wing of the Capitol during impeachment pro-
ceedings against Donald John Trump, former Presi-
dent of the United States.                                       Page S588 
Equipment and furniture installation for im-
peachment trial: Senate agreed to S. Res. 39, to au-
thorize the installation of appropriate equipment and 
furniture in the Senate chamber for the impeachment 
proceedings of Donald John Trump, former Presi-
dent of the United States.                                       Page S588 
Galleries access during impeachment trial: Sen-
ate agreed to S. Res. 40, establishing procedures for 
access to the galleries of the Senate Chamber during 
impeachment proceedings of Donald John Trump, 
former President of the United States.              Page S588 
Limited laptop access during impeachment trial: 
Senate agreed to S. Res. 41, allowing limited laptop 
computer access on the floor of the Senate during 
impeachment proceedings of Donald John Trump, 
former President of the United States.              Page S588 
Impeachment of Former President Trump— 
Agreement: A unanimous-consent agreement was 
reached providing that at approximately 1 p.m., on 
Tuesday, February 9, 2021, Senate resume consider-
ation of the Article of Impeachment against Donald 
John Trump, former President of the United States. 
                                                                                              Page S588 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-
lowing nominations: 
By 87 yeas to 7 nays (Vote No. EX. 55), Denis 
Richard McDonough, of Maryland, to be Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs.                                                   Pages S561–69 
Kathleen Holland Hicks, of Virginia, to be Dep-
uty Secretary of Defense.                                  Pages S587–88 
Messages from the House:                                  Page S571 
Additional Cosponsors:                                 Pages S573–74 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                      Pages S574–83 
Additional Statements:                                  Pages S570–71 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:           Page S583 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. 
(Total—55)                                                                     Page S569 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-
journed at 7:15 p.m., until 1 p.m. on Tuesday, Feb-
ruary 9, 2021. (For Senate’s program, see the re-
marks of the Majority Leader in today’s RECORD on 
page S588.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
AROUND THE WORLD THREAT 
ASSESSMENT 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee receive a 
closed briefing on around the world threat assess-
ment from Kin Moy, Acting Assistant Secretary of 
State, Bureau of Intelligence and Research, and other 
sundry briefers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:15 Feb 09, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D08FE1.REC
D08FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 48-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
D102 
February 8, 2021 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills Introduced: 56 public bills, were in-
troduced.                                                                  Pages H479–83 
Additional Cosponsors:                                         Page H484 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. 
Moment of Silence: The House observed a moment 
of silence in remembrance of the late Honorable Ron 
Wright of Texas.                                                          Page H473 
Whole Number of the House: The Speaker an-
nounced to the House that, in light of the passing 
of the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Wright, the whole 
number of the House is 431.                                 Page H473 
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no Yea and Nay 
votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were 
no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 2 p.m. and ad-
journed at 2:04 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
ORGANIZATIONAL MEETING 
Committee on Education and Labor: Full Committee 
held an organizational meeting. The Committee 
adopted its rules for the 117th Congress, and ap-
proved subcommittee chairs, ranking members, and 
assignments. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, 
FEBRUARY 9, 2021 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: organiza-
tional business meeting to consider committee rules, an 
original resolution authorizing expenditures by the com-
mittee for the 117th Congress, and the nomination of 
Michael Stanley Regan, of North Carolina, to be Admin-
istrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, 10 a.m., 
SR–325. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Neera 
Tanden, of Massachusetts, to be Director of the Office of 
Management and Budget, 9:15 a.m., SD–342. 
House 
Committee on the Budget, Full Committee, business meet-
ing on Consideration of Rules of the Committee on the 
Budget for the 117th Congress, 11 a.m., Webex. 
Committee on Education and Labor, Full Committee, 
markup on Committee Print to comply with reconcili-
ation directives included in section 2001 (b) of the Con-
current Resolutions on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2021, 
H. Con. Res. 11 and S. Con. Res. 5, 2 p.m., Webex. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Committee on Envi-
ronment and Climate Change, hearing entitled, ‘‘Back in 
Action: Restoring Federal Climate Leadership’’, 12 p.m., 
Webex. 
Committee on the Judiciary, Subcommittee on the Con-
stitution Civil Rights and Civil Liberties, hearing entitled 
‘‘Constitutional Means to Prevent Abuse of the Clemency 
Power’’, 9 a.m., Webex. 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub-
committee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation, 
hearing entitled ‘‘State of the U.S. Maritime Industry: 
Impacts of the COVID–19 Pandemic’’, 11 a.m., 2167 
Rayburn and Webex. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD 
Week of February 9 through February 12, 2021 
Senate Chamber 
On Tuesday, Senate will resume consideration of 
the Article of Impeachment against Donald John 
Trump, former President of the United States. 
During the balance of the week, Senate may con-
sider any cleared legislative and executive business. 
Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on the Budget: February 10, to hold hearings 
to examine the nomination of Neera Tanden, of Massa-
chusetts, to be Director of the Office of Management and 
Budget, 10 a.m., SD–608. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Feb-
ruary 11, organizational business meeting for the 117th 
Congress, 10 a.m., SD–G50. 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: February 9, 
organizational business meeting to consider committee 
rules, an original resolution authorizing expenditures by 
the committee for the 117th Congress, and the nomina-
tion of Michael Stanley Regan, of North Carolina, to be 
Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, 
10 a.m., SR–325. 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Feb-
ruary 11, business meeting to consider the nominations 
of Miguel A. Cardona, of Connecticut, to be Secretary of 
Education, and Martin Joseph Walsh, of Massachusetts, 
to be Secretary of Labor, 10 a.m., SD–430. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
February 9, to hold hearings to examine the nomination 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:15 Feb 09, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D08FE1.REC
D08FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 49-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
D103 
February 8, 2021 
of Neera Tanden, of Massachusetts, to be Director of the 
Office of Management and Budget, 9:15 a.m., SD–342. 
House Committees 
Committee on Agriculture, February 10, Full Committee, 
organizational meeting and business meeting on a pro-
posal to satisfy the Committee’s reconciliation instruc-
tions as required by S. Con. Res. 5, 2 p.m., Webex. 
Committee on Financial Services, February 10, Full Com-
mittee, markup on Committee Print of Providing for rec-
onciliation pursuant to S. Con. Res. 5, the Concurrent 
Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2021;and legis-
lation to comply with the reconciliation directive in-
cluded in section 2001 of the Concurrent Resolution on 
the Budget for Fiscal Year 2021, S. Con. Res. 5, 12 p.m., 
2128 Rayburn and Webex. 
Committee on Homeland Security, February 10, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Homeland Cybersecurity: As-
sessing Cyber Threats and Building Resilience’’, 2 p.m., 
Webex. 
Committee on House Administration, February 10, Full 
Committee, organizational meeting, 1 p.m., Webex. 
Committee on the Judiciary, February 11, Subcommittee 
on Antitrust, Commercial, and Administrative Law, hear-
ing entitled ‘‘Justice Restored: Ending Forced Arbitration 
and Protecting Fundamental Rights’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Ray-
burn and Webex. 
February 11, Subcommittee on Immigration and Citi-
zenship, business meeting on adoption of the Subcommit-
tee’s Rules of Procedure and Statement of Policy for Pri-
vate Immigration Bills; and Request for a DHS Depart-
mental Report on the Beneficiaries of H.R. 187, H.R. 
680, H.R. 739, and H.R. 785, 2 p.m., 2141 Rayburn 
and Webex. 
February 11, Subcommittee on Immigration and Citi-
zenship, hearing entitled ‘‘The U.S. Immigration System: 
The Need for Bold Reforms’’, 2:15 p.m., 2141 Rayburn 
and Webex. 
Committee on Small Business, February 10, Full Com-
mittee, markup on Committee Print providing for rec-
onciliation pursuant to S. Con. Res. 5, the Concurrent 
Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2021, 5 p.m., 
2360 Rayburn and Webex. 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, February 
10, Full Committee, markup on legislation on proposals 
to comply with the reconciliation directive included in 
section 2001 of the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget 
for Fiscal Year 2021, S. Con. Res. 5, 11 a.m., 2167 Ray-
burn and Webex. 
Committee on Ways and Means, February 10, Full Com-
mittee, begin markup on legislation on proposals to com-
ply with the reconciliation directive included in Section 
2001 of the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fis-
cal Year 2021, S. Con. Res. 5, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth 
and Webex. 
February 11, Full Committee, continue markup on leg-
islation on proposals to comply with the reconciliation di-
rective included in Section 2001 of the Concurrent Reso-
lution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2021, S. Con. Res. 
5, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth and Webex. 
February 12, Full Committee, continue markup on leg-
islation on proposals to comply with the reconciliation di-
rective included in Section 2001 of the Concurrent Reso-
lution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2021, S. Con. Res. 
5, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth and Webex. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:15 Feb 09, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D08FE1.REC
D08FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 50-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional Record
The Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each House
of Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, United
States Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶ Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶ To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO
63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶ Following
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶ With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record.
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.
U
N
U
M
E
P
LU
RI
B
U
S
D104 
February 8, 2021 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
1 p.m., Tuesday, February 9 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will resume consideration 
of the Article of Impeachment against Donald John 
Trump, former President of the United States. 
Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
9 a.m., Thursday, February 11 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: House will meet in Pro Forma 
session at 9 a.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
DeLauro, Rosa L., Conn., E119 
Escobar, Veronica, Tex., E119 
Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E119 
Hoyer, Steny H., Md., E119 
Kim, Andy, N.J., E119 
Kind, Ron, Wisc., E120 
Neguse, Joe, Colo., E120 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:15 Feb 09, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00004
Fmt 0664
Sfmt 0664
E:\CR\FM\D08FE1.REC
D08FEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 51-
