Congressional Record
U
N
U
M
E
P
LU
RI
B
U
S
United States
of America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 117th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
b This symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b 1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.
H5211 
Vol. 168 
WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, MAY 20, 2022 
No. 88 
Senate 
The Senate was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Monday, May 23, 2022, at 1:45 p.m. 
House of Representatives 
FRIDAY, MAY 20, 2022 
The House met at 9:30 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-
pore (Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-
nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON, DC, 
May 20, 2022. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable DEBBIE 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ to act as Speaker pro 
tempore on this day. 
NANCY PELOSI, 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Margaret 
Grun Kibben, offered the following 
prayer: 
Holy God, You have allowed to fall 
upon us both blessings and obstacles, 
that we would never take for granted 
the precious gift of our existence and 
the fragility of our life. 
When we experience moments of 
Your favor, may we rejoice in Your 
will, and in times of displeasure, may 
we take seriously Your desire that we 
turn and return to You with all our 
hearts and souls. Whether we find our-
selves banished to unknown frontiers 
or struggling at the periphery of our 
community, You, O Lord, will gather 
us in and bring us back to Your loving 
embrace. 
May we ever obey Your guidance and 
give heed to Your direction, that we 
would know of Your delight when we 
choose to love the Lord our God and 
walk in obedience to You. 
Today may we choose the ultimate 
over the urgent, the significant over 
the trivial, the substantive over the 
spectacle, and the eternal over the 
temporal. 
In Your sovereign name we pray. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 11(a) of House Resolu-
tion 188, the Journal of the last day’s 
proceedings is approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will lead the House in the Pledge 
of Allegiance. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-
lic for which it stands, one nation under God, 
indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-
nication from the Clerk of the House of 
Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK, 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
Washington, DC, May 19, 2022. 
Hon. NANCY PELOSI, 
The Speaker, House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR MADAM SPEAKER: Pursuant to the 
permission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II 
of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-
tives, the Clerk received the following mes-
sage from the Secretary of the Senate on 
May 19, 2022, at 3:25 p.m. 
That the Senate passed without amend-
ment H.R. 7791. 
With best wishes, I am, 
Sincerely, 
CHERYL L. JOHNSON, 
Clerk. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 4 of rule I, the following 
enrolled bills were signed by the 
Speaker on Thursday, May 19, 2022: 
H.R. 7691, making emergency supple-
mental appropriations for assistance 
for the situation in Ukraine for the fis-
cal year ending September 30, 2022, and 
for other purposes; 
S. 1872, to award a Congressional 
Gold Medal, collectively, to the United 
States 
Army 
Rangers 
Veterans 
of 
World War II in recognition of their ex-
traordinary service during World War 
II. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 4 of rule I, the following 
enrolled bills were signed by Speaker 
pro tempore CONNOLLY on Thursday, 
May 19, 2022: 
H.R. 7791, to amend the Child Nutri-
tion Act of 1966 to establish waiver au-
thority to address certain emergencies, 
disasters, and supply chain disruptions, 
and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:26 May 21, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.000
H20MYPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE
® 
Pdnted on recycled papfil 

 -Page 0-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5212 
May 20, 2022 
APPOINTMENT OF INDIVIDUAL TO 
LIBRARY OF CONGRESS TRUST 
FUND BOARD 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-
pointment, pursuant to section 1 of the 
Library of Congress Trust Fund Board 
Act (2 U.S.C. 154), and the order of the 
House of January 4, 2021, of the fol-
lowing individual on the part of the 
House to the Library of Congress Trust 
Fund Board for a 5-year term, to fill 
the existing vacancy thereon: 
Ms. Iris Weinshall, Brooklyn, New 
York 
f 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED 
Cheryl L. Johnson, Clerk of the 
House, reported and found truly an en-
rolled bill of the House of the following 
title, which was thereupon signed by 
the Speaker on Thursday, May 19, 2022: 
H.R. 7691. An act making emergency sup-
plemental appropriations for assistance for 
the situation in Ukraine for the fiscal year 
ending September 30, 2022, and for other pur-
poses. 
Cheryl L. Johnson, Clerk of the 
House, further reported and found 
truly an enrolled bill of the House of 
the following title, which was there-
upon signed by the Speaker pro tem-
pore, Mr. CONNOLLY, on Thursday, May 
19, 2022: 
H.R. 7791. An act to amend the Child Nutri-
tion Act of 1966 to establish waiver authority 
to address certain emergencies, disasters, 
and supply chain disruptions, and for other 
purposes. 
f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILL SIGNED 
The Speaker on Thursday, May 19, 
2022, announced her signature to an en-
rolled bill of the Senate of the fol-
lowing title: 
S. 1872—An act to award a Congressional 
Gold Medal, collectively, to the United 
States Army Rangers Veterans of World War 
II in recognition of their extraordinary serv-
ice during World War II. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 11(b) of House Resolu-
tion 188, the House stands adjourned 
until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, May 24, 2022. 
Thereupon (at 9 o’clock and 33 min-
utes a.m.), under its previous order, the 
House adjourned until Tuesday, May 
24, 2022, at 10 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the 
Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
EC–4257. A letter from the Senior Bureau 
Official, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, De-
partment of State, transmitting an intent to 
transfer, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 801 note; Pub-
lic Law 112-87, Sec. 308(a); (125 Stat. 1883); to 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
EC–4258. A letter from the Senior Bureau 
Official, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, De-
partment of State, transmitting a memo-
randum of justification; to the Committee on 
Foreign Affairs. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following 
titles were introduced and severally re-
ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. DONALDS (for himself, Mr. DA-
VIDSON, Mr. SCHWEIKERT, Mrs. KIM of 
California, and Mr. EMMER): 
H.R. 7860. A bill to prohibit the Secretary 
of Labor from constraining the range or type 
of investments that may be offered to par-
ticipants and beneficiaries of individual re-
tirement accounts who exercise control over 
the assets in such accounts; to the Com-
mittee on Education and Labor. 
By Mr. LOWENTHAL (for himself, Mr. 
DOGGETT, Mr. HUFFMAN, Ms. NORTON, 
and Mr. QUIGLEY): 
H.R. 7861. A bill to require the Adminis-
trator of the Environmental Protection 
Agency to promulgate certain limitations 
with respect to pre-production plastic pellet 
pollution, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure. 
By Ms. SLOTKIN (for herself and Mr. 
JOHNSON of South Dakota): 
H.R. 7862. A bill to amend the Ethics in 
Government Act of 1978 to require Members 
of Congress to disclose financial interests in 
cryptocurency, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on House Administration. 
By Mrs. WALORSKI (for herself, Mr. 
COSTA, Mrs. FISCHBACH, and Mr. 
DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois): 
H. Con. Res. 92. Concurrent resolution de-
claring a state of emergency due to the Rus-
sian invasion of Ukraine, in order to estab-
lish a waiver of the minimum tonnage re-
quirements of section 55305 of title 46, United 
States Code; to the Committee on Armed 
Services. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-
tives, the following statements are sub-
mitted regarding the specific powers 
granted to Congress in the Constitu-
tion to enact the accompanying bill or 
joint resolution. 
By Mr. DONALDS: 
H.R. 7860. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Sec. 8 
By Mr. LOWENTHAL: 
H.R. 7861. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8 of Article 1 of the Constitution. 
By Ms. SLOTKIN: 
H.R. 7862. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for 
carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-
ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-
stitution in the Government of the United 
States, or in any Department or Officer 
thereof. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-
tions, as follows: 
H.R. 515: Mr. MASSIE and Mrs. MILLER of Il-
linois. 
H.R. 1607: Mr. BACON and Ms. SLOTKIN. 
H.R. 2102: Ms. CLARKE of New York. 
H.R. 2126: Ms. PORTER. 
H.R. 2252: Mr. YARMUTH. 
H.R. 2650: Mr. NEGUSE. 
H.R. 2972: Mr. CARTWRIGHT. 
H.R. 3294: Ms. SLOTKIN. 
H.R. 3352: Mr. VEASEY and Mr. CARTER of 
Louisiana. 
H.R. 3455: Mr. RESCHENTHALER. 
H.R. 3759: Mr. FLEISCHMANN and Mr. CAR-
SON. 
H.R. 4140: Ms. WEXTON. 
H.R. 6000: Mr. BISHOP of Georgia and Mr. 
CARBAJAL. 
H.R. 6276: Mr. CORREA. 
H.R. 6571: Mr. TIMMONS and Ms. SLOTKIN. 
H.R. 6852: Ms. MANNING, Mr. SMUCKER, Mr. 
JOYCE of Ohio, and Mr. ALLRED. 
H.R. 7079: Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. 
H.R. 7116: Ms. BROWNLEY and Ms. KELLY of 
Illinois. 
H.R. 7118: Mr. PETERS. 
H.R. 7361: Mr. LATURNER and Mr. CAREY. 
H.R. 7382: Mr. COSTA, Ms. BLUNT ROCH-
ESTER, and Mr. BUCSHON. 
H.R. 7407: Mr. RICE of South Carolina. 
H.R. 7644: Mr. CLEAVER and Ms. SCANLON. 
H.R. 7713: Mr. GOSAR, Mr. CARTER of Texas, 
and Mr. VAN DREW. 
H.R. 7724: Ms. NORTON. 
H.R. 7725: Mr. GOODEN of Texas. 
H.R. 7738: Mr. WALTZ. 
H.R. 7773: Ms. SA´ NCHEZ. 
H.R. 7830: Mr. ARMSTRONG, Mr. CLINE, Mr. 
MULLIN, Mr. JACOBS of New York, Mr. GOSAR, 
Mr. CAREY, Mr. MOOLENAAR, Mrs. MILLER- 
MEEKS, Mrs. KIM
of California, and Mr. 
CAWTHORN. 
H.R. 7839: Mr. GAETZ. 
H.R. 7852: Mr. LEVIN of Michigan. 
H.J. Res. 64: Mr. HOYER. 
H. Con. Res. 89: Mr. ALLRED. 
H. Res. 583: Mr. LAWSON of Florida. 
H. Res. 1091: Mr. JACKSON. 
H. Res. 1111: Mr. STEUBE. 
H. Res. 1136: Mr. CAREY and Mr. WEBER of 
Texas. 
f 
DISCHARGE PETITIONS— 
ADDITIONS AND WITHDRAWALS 
The following Members added their 
names to the following discharge peti-
tions: 
Petition 12 by Mr. GOSAR on House Joint 
Resolution 46: Mr. Gooden of Texas, Mr. 
Posey, and Mr. Smith of Nebraska. 
Petition 13 by Mr. BANKS on the bill (H.R. 
426): Mr. Tony Gonzales of Texas, Mr. 
Schweikert, Mr. Chabot, Mr. Turner, Mr. 
Moore of Utah, Mr. Graves of Louisiana, Mr. 
Curtis, Mr. Jacobs of New York, Mr. Galla-
gher, Mr. Obernolte, Mrs. Bice of Oklahoma, 
Mr. Crawford, Mr. Issa, and Mr. Zeldin. 
Petition 14 by Mr. MAST on House Resolu-
tion 1039: Mr. Tiffany, and Mr. Obernolte. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:26 May 21, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 4636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K20MY7.003
H20MYPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 1-
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E545 
May 20, 2022 
HONORING THE LIVES LOST IN 
THE MASS SHOOTING IN BUF-
FALO, NEW YORK 
HON. CHRIS JACOBS 
OF NEW YORK 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, May 20, 2022 
Mr. JACOBS of New York. Madam Speaker, 
I rise to honor and commemorate the lives lost 
this past weekend in Buffalo, New York. 
Katherine ‘‘Kat’’ Massey—72 
Pearl Young—77 
Roberta Drury—32 
Ruth Whitfield—86 
Geraldine Talley—62 
Celestine Chaney—65 
Heyward Patterson—67 
Andre Mackniel—53 
Margus Morrison—52 
Aaron Salter—55 
Madam Speaker, these are the names and 
the ages of the 0O people who were brutally 
and senselessly murdered in my hometown of 
Buffalo, New York. I rise to record their names 
in these hallowed Chambers. 
I stand here in solidarity for their deaths and 
for the suffering that their families and friends 
are enduring right now. I have thought of little 
else since this carnage occurred on a beautiful 
Saturday afternoon in Buffalo. 
The murderer—whom I will not give the sat-
isfaction of saying his name—targeted this 
grocery store and this neighborhood because 
it was heavily populated with African Ameri-
cans. As our sheriff, stated, this was a racially 
motivated act and this was a hate crime. 
I do not have the honor of representing this 
community in Congress, but I have rep-
resented it previously. I served for many years 
on the Buffalo Board of Education and fre-
quented this area, there are many of our 
schools in close proximity. Through my service 
on the Buffalo Board of Education, I came to 
know Katherine ‘‘Kat’’ Massey who was one of 
the victims. Kat was a tireless advocate for 
Buffalo’s children and her impact to her com-
munity will be felt for generations. 
I grew up in Buffalo. Buffalo is a great place 
for many reasons—beautiful architecture, the 
shores of Lake Erie and the Niagara River, its 
bucolic neighborhoods all contribute—but what 
makes our community so very special is the 
people. Kind, warm, fun, with a priority on 
family, friends and community. That is, in my 
mind, what makes Buffalo the spectacularly 
special place it is. 
These 10 represented some of the best of 
Buffalo, and we mourn their tragic loss. 
I will conclude by saying this: our city is 
right now in the national spotlight. The politi-
cians and the media have their sights set here 
due to this vile and horrific tragedy. But pre-
dictably and inevitably the national attention 
will fade, and it will be our community’s task 
to heal and it’s my great hope that we come 
together in this healing process. I hope we 
unify, and we do not succumb to division and 
polarization. In honor of those lost, in our heal-
ing we become a stronger and more loving 
community. 
I conclude by quoting a sign someone put in 
a front yard in our community that says: ‘‘I 
love you. You’re probably thinking, you don’t 
even know me. But if people can hate for no 
reason, I can love.’’ 
f 
COMMENDING 
AND 
CONGRATU-
LATING MICHELLE DE GUZMAN 
ON RECEIVING A PRESIDENTIAL 
AWARD 
FOR 
EXCELLENCE 
IN 
MATHEMATICS 
AND 
SCIENCE 
TEACHING 
HON. MICHAEL F.Q. SAN NICOLAS 
OF GUAM 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, May 20, 2022 
Mr. SAN NICOLAS. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to commend and congratulate Michelle 
De Guzman on being selected as a recipient 
of the Presidential Award for Excellence in 
Mathematics 
and 
Science 
Teaching 
(PAEMST). Michelle is an exceptional teacher 
whose dedication to our youth and commit-
ment to our education system have and con-
tinue to shape the future of our island, inspire 
others, and make a difference in her field, our 
community, and the world. 
Administered by the National Science Foun-
dation on behalf of the White House Office of 
Science and Technology Policy, the PAEMST 
are the highest honors awarded specifically to 
K–12 STEM teachers by the United States 
Government. With evaluation on numerous cri-
teria, such as deep content knowledge, peda-
gogical skills, student assessment expertise, 
reflective teaching, and leadership approaches 
for improved student learning, awardees un-
dergo an extensive nomination and selection 
process that highlights excellence in its fullest 
definition. As this year’s recipient for the col-
lective U.S. Territories, Michelle joins 101 
other educators from across the Nation as 
new additions to the PAEMST cohort—a 
group recognized since 1983 for consistently 
going above and beyond to make an impact in 
their classrooms, in students’ lives, and in 
their larger profession. 
Although Michelle’s post high school plans 
did not initially involve teaching, her passion 
for education was undeniable. Raised by a 
family of educators and inspired by the very 
teachers and mentors that guided her along 
her personal journey of success, Michelle 
navigated a path all her own to impart the 
value of learning, excitement of discovery, and 
power of confidence to her students, Michelle 
earned a bachelor’s degree in elementary 
education at the University of Guam then went 
on to graduate with distinction from Liberty 
University in 2013 with a master’s in teaching 
and learning. She further obtained certification 
as a K–5 elementary Master Educator and 
professional endorsement in music for grades 
6–12. In answering the call to uplift the next 
generation of decisionmakers and dreamers, 
Michelle has dedicated over 13 years to the 
Guam Department of Education as an Instruc-
tional Coach and teacher at the Liguan, Juan 
M, Guerrero, and Upi Elementary Schools. 
Moreover, she has worked with PBS Guam as 
the literacy kindergarten teacher, developing 
education videos for public broadcasting. 
Over the course of her career, Michelle has 
made it a point to ensure she does not cul-
tivate success in her classroom alone. Rather, 
she strives to be a catalyst for widespread 
achievement through numerous other commu-
nity roles as well. In addition to serving as a 
STEM/NGSS teacher representative on her 
school’s curriculum and instruction leadership 
team, grade level chairperson, and participant 
in the GDOE Technology Standards and En-
hancing 
Education 
through 
Technology 
projects, Michelle has also assumed critical 
positions as part of the standards-based grad-
ing cadre, family and community engagement 
committees, and assistant coordinator in 
school-level science fairs. With recognitions 
such as a Sylvan’s Favorite Teacher Award, 
Superhero Award presented by the GDOE Su-
perintendent and Guam Education Board 
Chairman, selection as a finalist for the 2021 
Guam Teacher of the Year Award, and two 
Teacher Wish List Grants, Michelle’s countless 
accolades offer only a glimpse of her out-
standing character and contributions. 
On behalf of the People of Guam, I would 
like to extend a sincere congratulations to 
Michelle De Guzman. Her personal under-
taking to elevate research, innovation, and dis-
covery through music and movement uniquely 
push the boundaries of creativity in the class-
room, leave a lasting impression on the lives 
of our youth, and redefine the educational 
standards of our nation. Her ingenuity and de-
termination foster new hope in the future we 
can realize through impassioned service, and 
I wish her the best on the rest of her profes-
sional journey. 
f 
HONORING UPS AIRLINES PRESI-
DENT 
BRENDAN 
CANAVAN 
ON 
HIS RETIREMENT 
HON. JOHN A. YARMUTH 
OF KENTUCKY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, May 20, 2022 
Mr. YARMUTH. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Brendan Canavan, President of 
UPS Airlines and head of UPS’s Worldport 
Freight Facility located in my district in Louis-
ville, Kentucky, as he begins his retirement 
after 41 years with the company. 
Under his leadership, Worldport has grown 
to a 5.2 million square-foot facility that proc-
esses more than 2.4 million packages a day, 
thanks in large part to its massive air oper-
ation and a team of more than 3,200 skilled 
pilots led by Brendan at UPS Airlines. His 
work has helped grow the UPS Airlines fleet to 
more than 290 aircraft that circle the globe en-
suring that the goods and packages they’re 
trusted to carry are delivered on time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
00:59 May 21, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A20MY8.001
E20MYPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 2-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E546 
May 20, 2022 
Brendan first joined UPS in 1981, loading 
trucks while earning his degree at Villanova 
University. Since that time, he has worked his 
way up through leadership of the company 
here in America and abroad, becoming a trust-
ed leader and working in numerous positions 
around the world to help expand UPS’s oper-
ations and meet the challenges of an always 
changing global economy. No matter the as-
signment, Brendan Canavan answered the 
call. 
On behalf of the people of Kentucky’s Third 
Congressional District, I congratulate Brendan 
Canavan on his successful career at UPS and 
wish him the very best in his much-deserved 
retirement. 
f 
HONORING OWAMNI 
HON. ILHAN OMAR 
OF MINNESOTA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, May 20, 2022 
Ms. OMAR. Madam Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Owamni, its visionary founder Sean 
Sherman, the Sioux Chef, and co-owner Dana 
Thompson. Through years of extensive stud-
ies and direct engagement with Tribal commu-
nities, Mr. Sherman and Ms. Thompson have 
become two of the nation’s foremost Indige-
nous food scholars. Their tireless drive to 
learn and share our region’s culinary history 
has breathed new life into indigenous cook-
ing—a history that had been stolen through 
generations of oppression and forced assimila-
tion. Their unparalleled scholarship and advo-
cacy in the food sovereignty movement has 
led their inaugural restaurant, Owamni, to be 
nominated for the prestigious James Beard 
Award for Best New Restaurant. I am so 
proud to represent Owamni—and the mission 
it represents—in Congress. 
Owamni’s decolonized dining experience is 
more than just spectacular food—it is a re-
claiming of who and what Minnesota was for 
thousands of years before it was given this 
Anglicized name. It is a deeply thoughtful re-
membrance of Mni Sota down to the name 
Owamni, which derives from the Dakota name 
for the swirling waters at the base of what Eu-
ropean settlers named St. Anthony Falls. 
Owamni is a celebration of what is native to 
this home: the plants, the animals, and culture 
that is our beloved State in the deepest sense. 
As we reexamine the story settlers have told 
about Minnesota, Owamni serves as an exam-
ple of what we gain by telling the truth about 
this land and its people, both past and 
present. I am grateful that the James Beard 
Foundation has named Owamni one of the 
country’s Best New Restaurants, and I look 
forward to the continued success of Mr. Sher-
man, Ms. Thompson, and Owamni. 
f 
FAREWELL REMARKS TO THE 
117TH CONGRESS 
HON. ANTONIO DELGADO 
OF NEW YORK 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, May 20, 2022 
Mr. DELGADO. Madam Speaker, as I rise 
today for the last time as a Member of the 
117th Congress, I must begin by thanking the 
people of New York’s 19th Congressional Dis-
trict. 
I thank them for trusting me to represent 
them in Washington. I thank them for every 
phone call they have placed to my office. I 
thank them for the hundreds of thousands of 
letters and emails they have sent to me. I 
thank them for coming to my town halls, and 
for scheduling meetings with me and my staff. 
Democracy is a two-way street, and their pas-
sionate engagement has helped me to be a 
more effective Representative. 
I would also like to thank Lacey, my wife, 
and the love of my life, who has sacrificed so 
much since I decided to run for Congress 
more than four years ago. I want to thank 
Maxwell and Coltrane, my two sons, who drive 
my desire for positive change day in and day 
out. 
I first addressed this Chamber in January of 
2019. The longest government shutdown in 
our Nation’s history had just ended, and I 
spoke about the need for Congress to live up 
to its charter as outlined in Article I. I said that 
Democrats and Republicans must work to-
gether to shoulder the sacred responsibilities 
entrusted to us by voters—and that we all 
must pledge to cast partisanship aside and be 
good stewards of the republic that we inher-
ited from the generations that came before us. 
Congress has done important work in the 
years since I gave that speech. We passed a 
once-in-a-generation investment in our Na-
tion’s infrastructure; we outlawed surprise 
medical billing; we delivered pandemic relief 
that helped America recover better economi-
cally than any of its peer nations. All in all, 18 
of my bills were signed into law under two 
presidents—bills to provide emergency pan-
demic funding to municipalities of all sizes, to 
support underserved veterans, to provide loan 
forgiveness to small businesses and to protect 
family farms. I am proud of this record. 
Over the past few years, I have tried to 
build a brand of politics that puts people be-
fore partisanship. I have made decisions 
based not on whether an idea comes from the 
right or left, but whether that idea is right or 
wrong. I fought tirelessly for those I represent; 
I listened to others before speaking; and I 
treated all people with love and respect. 
Building a political movement based on 
love, respect, and humility will be the work I 
carry on in the years to come. The Capitol— 
this Chamber—is hallowed ground. I hope and 
pray that Congress will once again become a 
place where Representatives from every cor-
ner of this great country gather together not to 
emphasize their differences and use them for 
political gain, but to hash those differences out 
for the good of the people. 
Representing New York’s 19th District in 
Congress has been the greatest honor. But I 
have not done it alone and I want to acknowl-
edge the incredible team that has made it all 
possible. 
Several members of my team have been 
with me since day one. 
My Chief of Staff, Jessie Andrews, is at the 
heart of my legislative success and has 
served our team as a sound and trusted lead-
er. 
Amanda DeSantis, my District Director, has 
logged tens of thousands of miles traversing 
NY–19 with me and on my behalf and shares 
my love of New York State and every corner 
of the district. 
My Legislative Assistant, Matthew Gerson, 
with his intellectual curiosity and commitment 
to the veterans and small businesses in NY– 
19. 
Vicky Perry has spearheaded my in-district 
programming—from Military Service Academy 
nominations to the Congressional Art Competi-
tion to our ‘‘Antonio’s Summer Superstars’’ 
reading program. 
Many others have joined along the way and 
brought immense value to the work. 
My incredibly talented Legislative Director, 
Robert Dougherty. Christine Bienes, the best 
Scheduler in Congress. Jacob Salzmann, who 
accompanied me to countless events across 
the district. And the rest of my team in Wash-
ington and in-district for all their tireless work 
on behalf of my NY–19 constituents: Gabriela 
Foster, Sarah Bibeau, Max Prime, Chris 
Hanse, Daniel Wrenn, Natalie Lincoln, and 
Marques Grimes. 
Madam Speaker, it is with a hopeful heart 
that I close out my time in Congress. I thank 
the residents of upstate New York for their 
love and support and to all who have been on 
this journey with me. 
f 
HONORING ARMY VETERAN 
EDWARD A. FONTAINE 
HON. MATTHEW M. ROSENDALE, SR. 
OF MONTANA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, May 20, 2022 
Mr. ROSENDALE. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Army veteran, Mr. Edward 
A. Fontaine, from Montana for being awarded 
the Bronze Star Medal with ‘V’ device. 
The Bronze Star Medal with ‘V’ device is 
awarded for distinguished acts of valor and 
heroism in active Federal military service. 
While serving in Company A, 2D Battalion, 
502D Airborne Infantry Regiment, 1st Brigade, 
101st Airborne Division in the Republic of Viet-
nam, Specialist Four Fontaine demonstrated 
exceptional bravery and valorous action in 
combat as a machine gunner. 
On October 7, 1967, when a portion of the 
Company defensive perimeter was attacked at 
night, he responded immediately. Coura-
geously running into enemy fire aimed at the 
crew, Specialist Four Fontaine opened fire 
with a M–60 machine gun at only 20 meters 
away from the enemy, which helped turn the 
momentum of the battle. 
Not only did Mr. Fontaine’s conduct play a 
major part in securing victory against enemy 
forces, but it also contributed to saving count-
less lives of his comrades. Mr. Fontaine’s val-
orous actions are a credit to him, Army Com-
mand, and the United States Armed Forces. 
I congratulate Edward on receiving this 
noble achievement, and thank him for his 
service to our country. 
f 
IN HONOR OF MR. WINDELL 
CUROLE 
HON. GARRET GRAVES 
OF LOUISIANA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, May 20, 2022 
Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Madam Speaker, 
I rise today in order to share a story of Cajun 
ingenuity and recognize a man who went be-
yond the call of duty for his community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
00:59 May 21, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A20MY8.003
E20MYPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 3-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E547 
May 20, 2022 
Windell 
Curole, 
Manager 
of 
the 
South 
Lafourche Levee District, fought tooth and nail 
to build a more secure flood protection sys-
tem. Mr. Curole knew the area’s levees 
weren’t high enough to defend against a major 
storm; he began gathering funds and bringing 
in the necessary resources to raise the levees. 
Mr. Curole understands his community and 
gained their support—guided by his leader-
ship, the Parish self-taxed in order to improve 
their own levee system. 
Mr. Curole is no stranger to challenge: the 
U.S. Corps of Engineers issued cease and de-
sist orders, even going so far as to threaten 
him with legal repercussions for lacking the 
correct permits. Driven by a just cause, Mr. 
Curole simply kept building. Mr. Curole’s ef-
forts successfully protected South Lafourche 
from Hurricane Ida, which devasted most of 
the surrounding area. His vision and efforts 
prevented extensive flooding and helped the 
region back on its feet after this terrible storm. 
Come hell, high water, or even legal threats, 
Windell Curole has always and will always 
take appropriate action to defend his commu-
nity. I am proud to call Mr. Curole a fellow 
Louisianian—and friend. 
f 
HONORING ELLIOTT TANNER 
HON. ILHAN OMAR 
OF MINNESOTA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, May 20, 2022 
Ms. OMAR. Madam Speaker, I rise today to 
honor a special young man, a brilliant one, so 
brilliant that he started attending college at the 
age of 9 and is one of the youngest college 
graduates in American history, and the young-
est in the state of Minnesota to earn a bach-
elor’s degree. 
Elliott Tanner is the name of this brilliant 
young man who, at the age of 13, recently 
graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree 
in Physics and minor in mathmatics from the 
University of Minnesota. Later this fall, Elliott 
will be pursuing his Doctorate at the University 
of Minnesota’s PhD program for physics 
where he is on path to becoming their young-
est PhD candidate ever. 
Elliott one day hopes to teach at his alma 
mater but before that, he has the ambitions of 
becoming a high energy theoretical physicist 
with a main interest in neutrino physics or sub-
atomic particles with no electric charge. 
It is with great pleasure that I get to recog-
nize Elliott for his achievement at such a 
young age. I would also like to recognize his 
mother and father, Michelle and Patrik Tanner 
for their hard work and sacrifices. I congratu-
late Elliott on graduating. I wish him the best 
of luck during his PhD program and look for-
ward to the difference he will make in this 
world. 
f 
HONORING DR. SIRAJUL ISLAM A 
DISTINGUISHED LEADER IN CEN-
TRAL 
FLORIDA 
FOR 
ASIAN 
AMERICAN HERITAGE MONTH 
HON. DARREN SOTO 
OF FLORIDA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, May 20, 2022 
Mr. SOTO. Madam Speaker, Dr. Sirajul 
Islam is a doctor, veteran, philanthropist, and 
father. He has retired from a 35–year career 
as a gastroenterologist, during which he con-
tributed significant innovations to the field, 
founded the Kissimmee Endoscopy Center, 
and served as the personal physician of the 
prime minister of Bangladesh. As a philan-
thropist, Dr. Siraj leveraged his medical exper-
tise and strong network to open and manage 
hospitals in Bangladesh. Since retiring from 
gastroenterology in 2019, Dr. Siraj has contin-
ued to actively support the health care com-
munity, both locally as the president of Central 
Florida’s largest Gastroenterologist group, and 
in Bangladesh as a director of the Hope Foun-
dation. His many other philanthropic projects 
include a 500–student boarding school in Ban-
gladesh for under-privileged children and The 
Islamic Center of Osceola. More than any-
thing, Dr. Siraj loves to spend time with his 
family, and maintains a strong bond not only 
with his children but also a very large ex-
tended family that spans 4 continents. 
f 
CONGRATULATING 
THE 
WILLINGBORO 
HIGH 
SCHOOL 
BOYS TRACK TEAM 
HON. ANDY KIM 
OF NEW JERSEY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, May 20, 2022 
Mr. KIM of New Jersey. Madam Speaker, I 
rise today to congratulate the Willingboro High 
School Boys Track Team as they commemo-
rate nearly 50 years of athletic accomplish-
ment with a celebratory parade. 
Since the 1970s, the high school’s boys 
track team has been a shining example of 
athleticism, leadership, and teamwork for the 
community of Willingboro, New Jersey. The 
school’s track program has produced some of 
the greatest runners in New Jersey Track and 
Field history, including Olympians Carol Lewis, 
Carl Lewis, and Lamont Smith. 
Today, the team is coached by Martin Book-
er, Aaydah Copprue-Worthy, Chuck James, 
and Robert Cornelius, whose leadership and 
guidance have upheld the team’s impressive 
legacy and positively impacted the lives of so 
many student-athletes. The Willingboro Boys 
Track team continues its reputation of excel-
lence as record holders for the most State In-
door Titles in New Jersey Public School his-
tory. 
I know I speak on behalf of the entire 3rd 
Congressional District when I extend my con-
gratulations 
to 
the 
current 
and 
former 
Willingboro players and coaches for their im-
pressive achievements and extraordinary leg-
acy. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY 
OF FORMER SPEAKER JOAQUIN 
‘‘KIN’’ CAMACHO ARRIOLA 
HON. MICHAEL F. Q. SAN NICOLAS 
OF GUAM 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, May 20, 2022 
Mr. SAN NICOLAS. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the life and legacy of former 
Speaker and Associate Justice, Joaquin ‘‘Kin’’ 
Camacho Arriola. Speaker Arriola was an in-
spiring leader, esteemed public servant, and 
unwavering advocate for the People of Guam. 
Beyond his roles as an attorney, judge, and 
senator, our community will fondly remember 
him as a pillar of progress who devoted his life 
to our island’s social, political, and economic 
transformation. 
When Speaker Arriola was 16 years old, the 
Japanese invasion and occupation of Guam 
brought the War in the Pacific to our very 
shores. Amid the atrocities and adversity of a 
war-torn island, however, he displayed incred-
ible tenacity, courage, and fortitude that 
poured into the rest of his career and lifetime. 
In addition to surviving as part of the Greatest 
Generation of Guam, he led a squad of the 
77th Infantry Division of the U.S. Army car-
rying out post-war cleanup operations. Shortly 
thereafter, Speaker Arriola completed his stud-
ies at George Washington High School then 
went on to graduate cum laude from the Col-
lege of St. Thomas in Minnesota. In the years 
that followed, he pursued a Juris Doctor at the 
University of Minnesota Law School and upon 
graduating in 1953, he made history as one of 
the first CHamorus to earn a law degree— 
later obtaining admission to the Bars for Min-
nesota, Guam, the U.S. District Court of 
Guam, Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands, 
U.S. Supreme Court, Commonwealth of the 
Northern Mariana Islands, and U.S. District 
Court of the Northern Mariana Islands. 
Determined to realize a better future for our 
island and people, Speaker Arriola returned 
home with the tools and confidence to rise as 
a champion for Guam’s civil rights and greater 
self-governance. Over the course of his 67- 
years long career, he served at the forefront of 
our island and region’s legal history. In addi-
tion to founding Arriola Law Finn, one of the 
oldest established law offices in Guam, 
Speaker Arriola represented numerous gov-
ernment agencies, litigated hundreds of cases 
across the Marianas, and served on the bench 
as an Associate Justice of the Guam Supreme 
Court. He also served as an elected senator 
in the 3rd and 4th Guam Legislature, Legisla-
tive Counsel and Parliamentarian for the fol-
lowing 5th, 6th, and 7th, and Speaker of the 
9th and 10th legislatures, advancing policies 
to establish Guam’s comprehensive civil, 
criminal, and legal structures. 
Speaker Arriola’s extensive community in-
volvement further illustrates the unconditional 
commitment he maintained to and for our peo-
ple. In addition to serving as President of the 
Guam Bar Association, Chairman of the 
Democratic Party, Territorial Planning Com-
mission, and the Guam Housing and Urban 
Renewal Authority, he served as Executive 
Committee Chairman for the Pacific Con-
ference on Legislators as well. Moreover, 
Speaker Arriola played instrumental roles in 
the formation of the Bank of Guam, as part of 
the Bank Pacific Board of Directors, and in the 
historic movement against the establishment 
of a Federal Comptroller position for the is-
land. The outcomes he helped realize are a 
fundamental part of both our CHamoru and 
national story, and over the years these pro-
found contributions have been recognized with 
a Guam Judiciary Hustisia Award, Cristobal C. 
Duenas Excellence Award, Governor’s Award, 
Legislative Resolution, and University of Guam 
Doctor of Laws, Honoris Causa. 
Joaquin ‘‘Kin’’ Camacho Arriola is an icon of 
justice whose near century of life is materially 
intertwined with the history and future of our 
Marianas archipelago. The visionary leader-
ship he embodied will perpetually inform the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
00:59 May 21, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A20MY8.007
E20MYPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 4-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E548 
May 20, 2022 
affairs of governance and inspire the lives of 
many throughout our region. My family and I 
wish to extend our hearts and prayers for him 
and his family, and I join the People of Guam 
in remembering and celebrating his life and 
legacy of selfless service, unwavering advo-
cacy, and tireless dedication to give back to 
the home and people that raised him. He will 
be deeply missed, and his love and memories 
will forever remain in the hearts of the People 
of Guam. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
00:59 May 21, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00004
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A20MY8.011
E20MYPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 5-
D569 
Friday, May 20, 2022 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate was not in session and stands ad-
journed until 1:45 p.m., on Monday, May 23, 2022. 
Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 3 public 
bills, H.R. 7860–7862; and 1 resolution, H. Con. 
Res. 92, were introduced.                                      Page H5212 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H5212 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein she 
appointed Representative Wasserman Schultz to act 
as Speaker pro tempore for today.                     Page H5211 
Library of Congress Trust Fund Board—Ap-
pointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s ap-
pointment of the following individual on the part of 
the House to the Library of Congress Trust Fund 
Board for a five-year term, to fill the existing va-
cancy thereon: Ms. Iris Weinshall of Brooklyn, New 
York.                                                                                Page H5212 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate 
by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the 
House today appears on page H5211. 
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no Yea and Nay 
votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were 
no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 9:30 a.m. and ad-
journed at 9:33 a.m. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, 
MAY 23, 2022 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. 
House 
No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:04 May 21, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D20MY2.REC
D20MYPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 6-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional Record
The Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each House
of Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, United
States Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶ Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶ To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO
63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶ Following
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶ With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record.
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.
U
N
U
M
E
P
LU
RI
B
U
S
D570 
May 20, 2022 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
1:45 p.m., Monday, May 23 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will meet in a pro forma 
session. 
Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
10 a.m., Tuesday, May 24 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: House will meet in Pro Forma 
session at 10 a.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Delgado, Antonio, N.Y., E546 
Graves, Garret, La., E546 
Jacobs, Chris, N.Y., E545 
Kim, Andy, N.J., E547 
Omar, Ilhan, Minn., E546, E547 
Rosendale, Matthew M., Sr., Mont., E546 
San Nicolas, Michael F.Q., Guam , E545, E547 
Soto, Darren, Fla., E547 
Yarmuth, John A., Ky., E545 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:04 May 21, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 0664
Sfmt 0664
E:\CR\FM\D20MY2.REC
D20MYPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 7-
