Congressional Record
U
N
U
M
E
P
LU
RI
B
U
S
United States
of America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 116th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
b This symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b 1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.
H4549 
Vol. 166 
WASHINGTON, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 2020 
No. 163 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was 
called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Lord, merciful God, we give You 
thanks for giving us another day. 
We give You thanks for the life and 
work of Justice Ruth Ginsburg. May 
all Americans be inspired to be their 
best selves because of her example. 
May she rest in peace. 
Bless those throughout our Nation 
who are suffering from the pandemic, 
fires, hurricanes, and flooding. Their 
needs continue. Impel our political 
leaders to tend to those needs with 
speed and wisdom. 
Help us to be people of faith and 
hope. Lord, have mercy. 
May all that is done in the days to 
come be for Your greater honor and 
glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. Pursuant to section 
4(a) of House Resolution 967, the Jour-
nal of the last day’s proceedings is ap-
proved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentle-
woman from Wyoming (Ms. CHENEY) 
come forward and lead the House in the 
Pledge of Allegiance. 
Ms. CHENEY led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-
lic for which it stands, one nation under God, 
indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
EXPRESSING THE PROFOUND SOR-
ROW OF THE HOUSE OF REP-
RESENTATIVES ON THE DEATH 
OF 
THE 
HONORABLE 
RUTH 
BADER GINSBURG 
Mrs. DINGELL. Madam Speaker, I 
offer a privileged resolution and ask 
for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. RES. 1128 
Resolved, That the House has heard with 
profound sorrow of the death of the Honor-
able Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Associate Justice 
of the Supreme Court of the United States. 
Resolved, That the House tenders its deep 
sympathy to the members of the family of 
the late Associate Justice in their bereave-
ment, 
Resolved, That the Clerk communicate 
these resolutions to the Senate and to the 
Supreme Court and transmit a copy of the 
same to the family of the late Associate Jus-
tice. 
Resolved, That when the House adjourns 
today, it adjourn as a further mark of re-
spect to the memory of the late Associate 
Justice. 
The resolution was agreed to. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-
tain up to 15 requests for 1-minute 
speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
CONFIRMING JULIE FISHER TO BE 
AMBASSADOR TO REPUBLIC OF 
BELARUS 
(Mr. SHIMKUS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. SHIMKUS. Madam Speaker, Ms. 
Julie Fisher is our nominee to be the 
U.S. Ambassador to the Republic of 
Belarus. A confirmation vote is sched-
uled for tomorrow in the committee. 
Once confirmed, she leaves for her post. 
Upon arrival, she is to present her cre-
dentials to the duly elected President 
of the Republic of Belarus. 
Today, I am calling upon President 
Trump and Secretary of State Mike 
Pompeo to ensure that these creden-
tials be presented to the duly elected 
President of the Republic of Belarus, 
Svetlana Tikhanovskaya. 
A republic is a government having a 
chief of state who is not a monarch or 
a dictator and who, in modern times, is 
a president duly elected by the people. 
Svetlana clearly won the election, and 
her massive support continues to show 
itself by the peaceful protests num-
bering over 100,000 citizens. 
Another option would be for her to 
present her credentials to the gov-
erning council, which will help transi-
tion the country to fair and free elec-
tions within 6 months. 
Madam Speaker, I call upon all of our 
democratic allies to do the same. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mrs. 
DINGELL). Pursuant to clause 8 of rule 
XX, the Chair will postpone further 
proceedings today on motions to sus-
pend the rules on which the yeas and 
nays are ordered. 
The House will resume proceedings 
on postponed questions at a later time. 
f 
PRACTICAL REFORMS AND OTHER 
GOALS TO REINFORCE THE EF-
FECTIVENESS OF SELF-GOVERN-
ANCE 
AND 
SELF-DETERMINA-
TION FOR INDIAN TRIBES ACT 
OF 2019 
Ms. HAALAND. Madam Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (S. 209) to amend the Indian Self- 
Determination and Education Assist-
ance Act to provide further self-govern-
ance by Indian Tribes, and for other 
purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:15 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A21SE7.000
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 0-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4550 
September 21, 2020 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 209 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) SHORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Practical Reforms and Other Goals To 
Reinforce the Effectiveness of Self-Govern-
ance and Self-Determination for Indian 
Tribes Act of 2019’’ or the ‘‘PROGRESS for 
Indian Tribes Act’’. 
(b) TABLE OF CONTENTS.—The table of con-
tents of this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
TITLE I—TRIBAL SELF-GOVERNANCE 
Sec. 101. Tribal self-governance. 
TITLE II—INDIAN SELF-DETERMINATION 
Sec. 201. Definitions; reporting and audit re-
quirements; application of pro-
visions. 
Sec. 202. Contracts by Secretary of the Inte-
rior. 
Sec. 203. Administrative provisions. 
Sec. 204. Contract 
funding 
and 
indirect 
costs. 
Sec. 205. Contract or grant specifications. 
TITLE I—TRIBAL SELF-GOVERNANCE 
SEC. 101. TRIBAL SELF-GOVERNANCE. 
(a) EFFECT OF PROVISIONS.—Nothing in this 
Act, or the amendments made by this Act, 
shall be construed— 
(1) to modify, limit, expand, or otherwise 
affect— 
(A) the authority of the Secretary of the 
Interior, as provided for under the Indian 
Self-Determination and Education Assist-
ance Act (as in effect on the day before the 
date of enactment of this Act), regarding— 
(i) the inclusion of any non-BIA program 
(as defined in section 401 of the Indian Self- 
Determination and Education Assistance 
Act) in a self-determination contract or 
funding agreement under section 403(c) of 
such Act (as so in effect); or 
(ii) the implementation of any contract or 
agreement described in clause (i) that is in 
effect on the day described in subparagraph 
(A); 
(B) the meaning, application, or effect of 
any Tribal water rights settlement, includ-
ing the performance required of a party 
thereto or any payment or funding obliga-
tion thereunder; 
(C) the authority, jurisdiction, or responsi-
bility of a State to manage, control, or regu-
late fish and wildlife under State law (in-
cluding regulations) on land or water in the 
State, including Federal public land; 
(D) except for the authority provided to 
the Secretary as described in subparagraph 
(A), the applicability or effect of any Federal 
law related to the protection or management 
of fish or wildlife; or 
(E) any treaty-reserved right or other right 
of any Indian Tribe as recognized by any 
other means, including treaties or agree-
ments with the United States, Executive or-
ders, statutes, regulations, or case law; or 
(2) to authorize any provision of a contract 
or agreement that is not consistent with the 
terms of a Tribal water rights settlement. 
(b) DEFINITIONS.—Section 401 of the Indian 
Self-Determination and Education Assist-
ance Act (25 U.S.C. 5361) is amended to read 
as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 401. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this title: 
‘‘(1) COMPACT.—The term ‘compact’ means 
a self-governance compact 
entered 
into 
under section 404. 
‘‘(2) CONSTRUCTION PROGRAM; CONSTRUCTION 
PROJECT.—The term ‘construction program’ 
or ‘construction project’ means a Tribal un-
dertaking relating to the administration, 
planning, environmental determination, de-
sign, construction, repair, improvement, or 
expansion of roads, bridges, buildings, struc-
tures, systems, or other facilities for pur-
poses of housing, law enforcement, deten-
tion, sanitation, water supply, education, ad-
ministration, community, health, irrigation, 
agriculture, 
conservation, 
flood 
control, 
transportation, or port facilities, or for other 
Tribal purposes. 
‘‘(3) DEPARTMENT.—The term ‘Department’ 
means the Department of the Interior. 
‘‘(4) FUNDING AGREEMENT.—The term ‘fund-
ing agreement’ means a funding agreement 
entered into under section 403. 
‘‘(5) GROSS
MISMANAGEMENT.—The term 
‘gross mismanagement’ means a significant 
violation, shown by a preponderance of the 
evidence, of a compact, funding agreement, 
or statutory or regulatory requirement ap-
plicable to Federal funds for a program ad-
ministered by an Indian Tribe under a com-
pact or funding agreement. 
‘‘(6) 
INHERENT
FEDERAL
FUNCTION.—The 
term ‘inherent Federal function’ means a 
Federal function that may not legally be del-
egated to an Indian Tribe. 
‘‘(7) NON-BIA PROGRAM.—The term ‘non- 
BIA program’ means all or a portion of a pro-
gram, function, service, or activity that is 
administered by any bureau, service, office, 
or agency of the Department of the Interior 
other than— 
‘‘(A) the Bureau of Indian Affairs; 
‘‘(B) the Office of the Assistant Secretary 
for Indian Affairs; or 
‘‘(C) the Office of the Special Trustee for 
American Indians. 
‘‘(8) PROGRAM.—The term ‘program’ means 
any program, function, service, or activity 
(or portion thereof) within the Department 
that is included in a funding agreement. 
‘‘(9) 
SECRETARY.—The 
term 
‘Secretary’ 
means the Secretary of the Interior. 
‘‘(10) SELF-DETERMINATION CONTRACT.—The 
term ‘self-determination contract’ means a 
self-determination 
contract 
entered 
into 
under section 102. 
‘‘(11) SELF-GOVERNANCE.—The term ‘self- 
governance’ means the Tribal Self-Govern-
ance Program established under section 402. 
‘‘(12) TRIBAL
SHARE.—The term ‘Tribal 
share’ means the portion of all funds and re-
sources of an Indian Tribe that— 
‘‘(A) support any program within the Bu-
reau of Indian Affairs, the Office of the Spe-
cial Trustee for American Indians, or the Of-
fice of the Assistant Secretary for Indian Af-
fairs; and 
‘‘(B) are not required by the Secretary for 
the performance of an inherent Federal func-
tion. 
‘‘(13) TRIBAL WATER RIGHTS SETTLEMENT.— 
The term ‘Tribal water rights settlement’ 
means any settlement, compact, or other 
agreement expressly ratified or approved by 
an Act of Congress that— 
‘‘(A) includes an Indian Tribe and the 
United States as parties; and 
‘‘(B) quantifies or otherwise defines any 
water right of the Indian Tribe.’’. 
(c) ESTABLISHMENT.—Section 402 of the In-
dian Self-Determination and Education As-
sistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5362) is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 402. TRIBAL SELF-GOVERNANCE PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) ESTABLISHMENT.—The Secretary shall 
establish and carry out a program within the 
Department to be known as the ‘Tribal Self- 
Governance Program’. 
‘‘(b) SELECTION
OF PARTICIPATING INDIAN 
TRIBES.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.— 
‘‘(A) ELIGIBILITY.—The Secretary, acting 
through the Director of the Office of Self- 
Governance, may select not more than 50 
new Indian Tribes per year from those tribes 
eligible under subsection (c) to participate in 
self-governance. 
‘‘(B) JOINT PARTICIPATION.—On the request 
of each participating Indian Tribe, 2 or more 
otherwise eligible Indian Tribes may be 
treated as a single Indian Tribe for the pur-
pose of participating in self-governance. 
‘‘(2) OTHER
AUTHORIZED
INDIAN
TRIBE
OR 
TRIBAL ORGANIZATION.—If an Indian Tribe au-
thorizes another Indian Tribe or a Tribal or-
ganization to plan for or carry out a program 
on its behalf under this title, the authorized 
Indian Tribe or Tribal organization shall 
have the rights and responsibilities of the 
authorizing Indian Tribe (except as other-
wise provided in the authorizing resolution). 
‘‘(3) JOINT
PARTICIPATION
AS
ORGANIZA-
TION.—Two or more Indian Tribes that are 
not otherwise eligible under subsection (c) 
may be treated as a single Indian Tribe for 
the purpose of participating in self-govern-
ance as a Tribal organization if— 
‘‘(A) each Indian Tribe so requests; and 
‘‘(B) the Tribal organization itself, or at 
least one of the Indian Tribes participating 
in the Tribal organization, is eligible under 
subsection (c). 
‘‘(4) TRIBAL WITHDRAWAL FROM A TRIBAL OR-
GANIZATION.— 
‘‘(A) IN
GENERAL.—An Indian Tribe that 
withdraws from participation in a Tribal or-
ganization, in whole or in part, shall be enti-
tled to participate in self-governance if the 
Indian Tribe is eligible under subsection (c). 
‘‘(B) EFFECT OF WITHDRAWAL.—If an Indian 
Tribe withdraws from participation in a 
Tribal organization, the Indian Tribe shall 
be entitled to its Tribal share of funds and 
resources supporting the programs that the 
Indian Tribe is entitled to carry out under 
the compact and funding agreement of the 
Indian Tribe. 
‘‘(C) PARTICIPATION IN SELF-GOVERNANCE.— 
The withdrawal of an Indian Tribe from a 
Tribal organization shall not affect the eligi-
bility of the Tribal organization to partici-
pate in self-governance on behalf of one or 
more other Indian Tribes, if the Tribal orga-
nization still qualifies under subsection (c). 
‘‘(D) WITHDRAWAL PROCESS.— 
‘‘(i) IN GENERAL.—An Indian Tribe may, by 
Tribal resolution, fully or partially withdraw 
its Tribal share of any program in a funding 
agreement from a participating Tribal orga-
nization. 
‘‘(ii) NOTIFICATION.—The Indian Tribe shall 
provide a copy of the Tribal resolution de-
scribed in clause (i) to the Secretary. 
‘‘(iii) EFFECTIVE DATE.— 
‘‘(I) IN
GENERAL.—A withdrawal under 
clause (i) shall become effective on the date 
that is specified in the Tribal resolution and 
mutually agreed upon by the Secretary, the 
withdrawing Indian Tribe, and the Tribal or-
ganization that signed the compact and 
funding agreement on behalf of the with-
drawing Indian Tribe or Tribal organization. 
‘‘(II) NO SPECIFIED DATE.—In the absence of 
a date specified in the resolution, the with-
drawal shall become effective on— 
‘‘(aa) the earlier of— 
‘‘(AA) 1 year after the date of submission 
of the request; and 
‘‘(BB) the date on which the funding agree-
ment expires; or 
‘‘(bb) such date as may be mutually agreed 
upon by the Secretary, the withdrawing In-
dian Tribe, and the Tribal organization that 
signed the compact and funding agreement 
on behalf of the withdrawing Indian Tribe or 
Tribal organization. 
‘‘(E) DISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS.—If an Indian 
Tribe or Tribal organization eligible to enter 
into a self-determination contract or a com-
pact or funding agreement fully or partially 
withdraws from a participating Tribal orga-
nization, the withdrawing Indian Tribe— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:15 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K21SE7.002
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 1-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4551 
September 21, 2020 
‘‘(i) may elect to enter into a self-deter-
mination contract or compact, in which 
case— 
‘‘(I) the withdrawing Indian Tribe or Tribal 
organization shall be entitled to its Tribal 
share of unexpended funds and resources sup-
porting the programs that the Indian Tribe 
will be carrying out under its own self-deter-
mination contract or compact and funding 
agreement (calculated on the same basis as 
the funds were initially allocated to the 
funding agreement of the Tribal organiza-
tion); and 
‘‘(II) the funds referred to in subclause (I) 
shall be withdrawn by the Secretary from 
the funding agreement of the Tribal organi-
zation and transferred to the withdrawing 
Indian Tribe, on the condition that sections 
102 and 105(i), as appropriate, shall apply to 
the withdrawing Indian Tribe; or 
‘‘(ii) may elect not to enter into a self-de-
termination contract or compact, in which 
case all unexpended funds and resources as-
sociated with the withdrawing Indian Tribe’s 
returned programs (calculated on the same 
basis as the funds were initially allocated to 
the funding agreement of the Tribal organi-
zation) shall be returned by the Tribal orga-
nization to the Secretary for operation of 
the programs included in the withdrawal. 
‘‘(F) RETURN
TO
MATURE
CONTRACT
STA-
TUS.—If an Indian Tribe elects to operate all 
or some programs carried out under a com-
pact or funding agreement under this title 
through a self-determination contract under 
title I, at the option of the Indian Tribe, the 
resulting self-determination contract shall 
be a mature self-determination contract as 
long as the Indian Tribe meets the require-
ments set forth in section 4(h). 
‘‘(c) ELIGIBILITY.—To be eligible to partici-
pate in self-governance, an Indian Tribe 
shall— 
‘‘(1) successfully complete the planning 
phase described in subsection (d); 
‘‘(2) request participation in self-govern-
ance by resolution or other official action by 
the Tribal governing body; and 
‘‘(3) demonstrate, for the 3 fiscal years pre-
ceding the date on which the Indian Tribe re-
quests participation, financial stability and 
financial management capability as evi-
denced by the Indian Tribe having no uncor-
rected significant and material audit excep-
tions in the required annual audit of its self- 
determination 
or 
self-governance 
agree-
ments with any Federal agency. 
‘‘(d) PLANNING PHASE.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—An Indian Tribe seeking 
to begin participation in self-governance 
shall complete a planning phase as provided 
in this subsection. 
‘‘(2) 
ACTIVITIES.—The 
planning 
phase 
shall— 
‘‘(A) be conducted to the satisfaction of the 
Indian Tribe; and 
‘‘(B) include— 
‘‘(i) legal and budgetary research; and 
‘‘(ii) internal Tribal government planning, 
training, and organizational preparation. 
‘‘(e) GRANTS.— 
‘‘(1) IN
GENERAL.—Subject to the avail-
ability of appropriations, an Indian Tribe or 
Tribal organization that meets the require-
ments of paragraphs (2) and (3) of subsection 
(c) shall be eligible for grants— 
‘‘(A) to plan for participation in self-gov-
ernance; and 
‘‘(B) to negotiate the terms of participa-
tion by the Indian Tribe or Tribal organiza-
tion in self-governance, as set forth in a 
compact and a funding agreement. 
‘‘(2) RECEIPT OF GRANT NOT REQUIRED.—Re-
ceipt of a grant under paragraph (1) shall not 
be a requirement of participation in self-gov-
ernance.’’. 
(d) FUNDING AGREEMENTS.—Section 403 of 
the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-
cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5363) is 
amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(a) AUTHORIZATION.—The Secretary shall, 
on the request of any Indian Tribe or Tribal 
organization, negotiate and enter into a 
written funding agreement with the gov-
erning body of the Indian Tribe or the Tribal 
organization in a manner consistent with— 
‘‘(1) the trust responsibility of the Federal 
Government, treaty obligations, and the gov-
ernment-to-government 
relationship 
be-
tween Indian Tribes and the United States; 
and 
‘‘(2) subsection (b).’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— 
(A) in paragraph (1)— 
(i) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘without regard to the agen-
cy or office of the Bureau of Indian Affairs’’ 
and inserting ‘‘the Office of the Assistant 
Secretary for Indian Affairs, and the Office 
of the Special Trustee for American Indians, 
without regard to the agency or office of 
that Bureau or those Offices’’; 
(ii) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and 
(B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and 
indenting the margins of such clauses ac-
cordingly; 
(iii) by striking ‘‘including any program’’ 
and inserting the following: ‘‘including— 
‘‘(A) any program’’; 
(iv) in subparagraph (A)— 
(I) in clause (i), as redesignated by clause 
(ii), by striking the semicolon at the end and 
inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(II) in clause (ii), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; 
(v) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as 
subparagraph (B); 
(vi) in subparagraph (B), as redesignated by 
clause (v), by striking the semicolon and in-
serting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(vii) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(C) any other program, service, function, 
or activity (or portion thereof) that is pro-
vided through the Bureau of Indian Affairs, 
the Office of the Assistant Secretary for In-
dian Affairs, or the Office of the Special 
Trustee for American Indians with respect to 
which Indian Tribes or Indians are primary 
or significant beneficiaries;’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)— 
(i) by striking ‘‘section 405(c)’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘section 412(c)’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon 
at the end; 
(C) in paragraph (3), by striking the semi-
colon at the end and inserting a period; and 
(D) by striking paragraphs (4) through (9); 
(3) in subsection (f)— 
(A) in the subsection heading, by striking 
‘‘FOR REVIEW’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘such agreement to—’’ and 
all that follows through ‘‘Indian tribe’’ and 
inserting ‘‘such agreement to each Indian 
Tribe’’; 
(C) by striking ‘‘agreement;’’ and inserting 
‘‘agreement.’’; and 
(D) by striking paragraphs (2) and (3); 
(4) in subsection (k), by striking ‘‘section 
405(c)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 412(c)’’; and 
(5) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(m) OTHER PROVISIONS.— 
‘‘(1) EXCLUDED FUNDING.—A funding agree-
ment shall not authorize an Indian Tribe to 
plan, conduct, administer, or receive Tribal 
share funding under any program that— 
‘‘(A) is provided under the Tribally Con-
trolled Colleges and Universities Assistance 
Act of 1978 (25 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.); or 
‘‘(B) is provided for elementary and sec-
ondary schools under the formula developed 
under section 1127 of the Education Amend-
ments of 1978 (25 U.S.C. 2007). 
‘‘(2) SERVICES, FUNCTIONS, AND RESPONSIBIL-
ITIES.—A funding agreement shall specify— 
‘‘(A) the services to be provided under the 
funding agreement; 
‘‘(B) the functions to be performed under 
the funding agreement; and 
‘‘(C) the responsibilities of the Indian Tribe 
and the Secretary under the funding agree-
ment. 
‘‘(3) BASE BUDGET.— 
‘‘(A) IN
GENERAL.—A funding agreement 
shall, at the option of the Indian Tribe, pro-
vide for a stable base budget specifying the 
recurring funds (which may include funds 
available under section 106(a)) to be trans-
ferred to the Indian Tribe, for such period as 
the Indian Tribe specifies in the funding 
agreement, subject to annual adjustment 
only to reflect changes in congressional ap-
propriations. 
‘‘(B) LIMITATIONS.—Notwithstanding sub-
paragraph (A), a funding agreement shall not 
specify funding associated with a program 
described in subsection (b)(2) or (c) unless 
the Secretary agrees. 
‘‘(4) NO WAIVER OF TRUST RESPONSIBILITY.— 
A funding agreement shall prohibit the Sec-
retary from waiving, modifying, or dimin-
ishing in any way the trust responsibility of 
the United States with respect to Indian 
Tribes and individual Indians that exists 
under treaties, Executive orders, court deci-
sions, and other laws. 
‘‘(n) AMENDMENT.—The Secretary shall not 
revise, amend, or require additional terms in 
a new or subsequent funding agreement 
without the consent of the Indian Tribe, un-
less such terms are required by Federal law. 
‘‘(o) EFFECTIVE
DATE.—A funding agree-
ment shall become effective on the date 
specified in the funding agreement. 
‘‘(p) EXISTING
AND
SUBSEQUENT
FUNDING 
AGREEMENTS.— 
‘‘(1) SUBSEQUENT
FUNDING
AGREEMENTS.— 
Absent notification from an Indian Tribe 
that the Indian Tribe is withdrawing or ret-
roceding the operation of one or more pro-
grams identified in a funding agreement, or 
unless otherwise agreed to by the parties to 
the funding agreement or by the nature of 
any noncontinuing program, service, func-
tion, or activity contained in a funding 
agreement— 
‘‘(A) a funding agreement shall remain in 
full force and effect until a subsequent fund-
ing agreement is executed, with funding paid 
annually for each fiscal year the agreement 
is in effect; and 
‘‘(B) the term of the subsequent funding 
agreement shall be retroactive to the end of 
the term of the preceding funding agreement 
for the purposes of calculating the amount of 
funding to which the Indian Tribe is entitled. 
‘‘(2) DISPUTES.—Disputes over the imple-
mentation of paragraph (1)(A) shall be sub-
ject to section 406(c). 
‘‘(3) EXISTING
FUNDING
AGREEMENTS.—An 
Indian Tribe that was participating in self- 
governance under this title on the date of en-
actment of the PROGRESS for Indian Tribes 
Act shall have the option at any time after 
that date— 
‘‘(A) to retain its existing funding agree-
ment (in whole or in part) to the extent that 
the provisions of that funding agreement are 
not directly contrary to any express provi-
sion of this title; or 
‘‘(B) to negotiate a new funding agreement 
in a manner consistent with this title. 
‘‘(4) MULTIYEAR FUNDING AGREEMENTS.—An 
Indian Tribe may, at the discretion of the In-
dian Tribe, negotiate with the Secretary for 
a funding agreement with a term that ex-
ceeds 1 year.’’. 
(e) GENERAL REVISIONS.—Title IV of the In-
dian Self-Determination and Education As-
sistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5361 et seq.) is amend-
ed by striking sections 404 through 408 and 
inserting the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:15 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A21SE7.001
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 2-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4552 
September 21, 2020 
‘‘SEC. 404. COMPACTS. 
‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall ne-
gotiate and enter into a written compact 
with each Indian Tribe participating in self- 
governance in a manner consistent with the 
trust responsibility of the Federal Govern-
ment, treaty obligations, and the govern-
ment-to-government 
relationship 
between 
Indian Tribes and the United States. 
‘‘(b) CONTENTS.—A compact under sub-
section (a) shall— 
‘‘(1) specify and affirm the general terms of 
the government-to-government relationship 
between the Indian Tribe and the Secretary; 
and 
‘‘(2) include such terms as the parties in-
tend shall control during the term of the 
compact. 
‘‘(c) AMENDMENT.—A compact under sub-
section (a) may be amended only by agree-
ment of the parties. 
‘‘(d) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The effective date 
of a compact under subsection (a) shall be— 
‘‘(1) the date of the execution of the com-
pact by the parties; or 
‘‘(2) such date as is mutually agreed upon 
by the parties. 
‘‘(e) DURATION.—A compact under sub-
section (a) shall remain in effect— 
‘‘(1) for so long as permitted by Federal 
law; or 
‘‘(2) until termination by written agree-
ment, retrocession, or reassumption. 
‘‘(f) EXISTING COMPACTS.—An Indian Tribe 
participating in self-governance under this 
title, as in effect on the date of enactment of 
the PROGRESS for Indian Tribes Act, shall 
have the option at any time after that date— 
‘‘(1) to retain its negotiated compact (in 
whole or in part) to the extent that the pro-
visions of the compact are not directly con-
trary to any express provision of this title; 
or 
‘‘(2) to negotiate a new compact in a man-
ner consistent with this title. 
‘‘SEC. 405. GENERAL PROVISIONS. 
‘‘(a) APPLICABILITY.—An Indian Tribe and 
the Secretary shall include in any compact 
or funding agreement provisions that reflect 
the requirements of this title. 
‘‘(b) CONFLICTS
OF INTEREST.—An Indian 
Tribe participating in self-governance shall 
ensure that internal measures are in place to 
address, pursuant to Tribal law and proce-
dures, conflicts of interest in the administra-
tion of programs. 
‘‘(c) AUDITS.— 
‘‘(1) SINGLE AGENCY AUDIT ACT.—Chapter 75 
of title 31, United States Code, shall apply to 
a funding agreement under this title. 
‘‘(2) COST
PRINCIPLES.—An Indian Tribe 
shall apply cost principles under the applica-
ble Office of Management and Budget cir-
cular, except as modified by— 
‘‘(A) any provision of law, including sec-
tion 106; or 
‘‘(B) any exemptions to applicable Office of 
Management and Budget circulars subse-
quently granted by the Office of Manage-
ment and Budget. 
‘‘(3) FEDERAL
CLAIMS.—Any claim by the 
Federal Government against an Indian Tribe 
relating to funds received under a funding 
agreement based on any audit under this 
subsection shall be subject to section 106(f). 
‘‘(d) REDESIGN AND CONSOLIDATION.—Except 
as provided in section 407, an Indian Tribe 
may redesign or consolidate programs, or re-
allocate funds for programs, in a compact or 
funding agreement in any manner that the 
Indian Tribe determines to be in the best in-
terest 
of 
the 
Indian 
community 
being 
served— 
‘‘(1) so long as the redesign or consolida-
tion does not have the effect of denying eli-
gibility for services to population groups 
otherwise eligible to be served under applica-
ble Federal law; and 
‘‘(2) except that, with respect to the re-
allocation, consolidation, and redesign of 
programs described in subsection (b)(2) or (c) 
of section 403, a joint agreement between the 
Secretary and the Indian Tribe shall be re-
quired. 
‘‘(e) RETROCESSION.— 
‘‘(1) IN
GENERAL.—An Indian Tribe may 
fully or partially retrocede to the Secretary 
any program under a compact or funding 
agreement. 
‘‘(2) EFFECTIVE DATE.— 
‘‘(A) AGREEMENT.—Unless an Indian Tribe 
rescinds a request for retrocession under 
paragraph (1), the retrocession shall become 
effective on the date specified by the parties 
in the compact or funding agreement. 
‘‘(B) NO AGREEMENT.—In the absence of a 
specification of an effective date in the com-
pact or funding agreement, the retrocession 
shall become effective on— 
‘‘(i) the earlier of— 
‘‘(I) 1 year after the date on which the re-
quest is submitted; and 
‘‘(II) the date on which the funding agree-
ment expires; or 
‘‘(ii) such date as may be mutually agreed 
upon by the Secretary and the Indian Tribe. 
‘‘(f) NONDUPLICATION.—A funding agree-
ment shall provide that, for the period for 
which, and to the extent to which, funding is 
provided to an Indian Tribe under this title, 
the Indian Tribe— 
‘‘(1) shall not be entitled to contract with 
the Secretary for funds under section 102, ex-
cept that the Indian Tribe shall be eligible 
for new programs on the same basis as other 
Indian Tribes; and 
‘‘(2) shall be responsible for the adminis-
tration of programs in accordance with the 
compact or funding agreement. 
‘‘(g) RECORDS.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—Unless an Indian Tribe 
specifies otherwise in the compact or fund-
ing agreement, records of an Indian Tribe 
shall not be considered to be Federal records 
for purposes of chapter 5 of title 5, United 
States Code. 
‘‘(2) RECORDKEEPING
SYSTEM.—An Indian 
Tribe shall— 
‘‘(A) maintain a recordkeeping system; and 
‘‘(B) on a notice period of not less than 30 
days, provide the Secretary with reasonable 
access to the records to enable the Depart-
ment to meet the requirements of sections 
3101 through 3106 of title 44, United States 
Code. 
‘‘SEC. 406. PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE SEC-
RETARY. 
‘‘(a) 
TRUST
EVALUATIONS.—A 
funding 
agreement shall include a provision to mon-
itor the performance of trust functions by 
the Indian Tribe through the annual trust 
evaluation. 
‘‘(b) REASSUMPTION.— 
‘‘(1) IN
GENERAL.—A compact or funding 
agreement shall include provisions for the 
Secretary to reassume a program and associ-
ated funding if there is a specific finding re-
lating to that program of— 
‘‘(A) imminent jeopardy to a trust asset, a 
natural resource, or public health and safety 
that— 
‘‘(i) is caused by an act or omission of the 
Indian Tribe; and 
‘‘(ii) arises out of a failure to carry out the 
compact or funding agreement; or 
‘‘(B) gross mismanagement with respect to 
funds transferred to an Indian Tribe under a 
compact or funding agreement, as deter-
mined by the Secretary in consultation with 
the Inspector General, as appropriate. 
‘‘(2) PROHIBITION.—The Secretary shall not 
reassume operation of a program, in whole or 
part, unless— 
‘‘(A) the Secretary first provides written 
notice and a hearing on the record to the In-
dian Tribe; and 
‘‘(B) the Indian Tribe does not take correc-
tive action to remedy the mismanagement of 
the funds or programs, or the imminent jeop-
ardy to a trust asset, natural resource, or 
public health and safety. 
‘‘(3) EXCEPTION.— 
‘‘(A) IN
GENERAL.—Notwithstanding para-
graph (2), the Secretary may, on written no-
tice to the Indian Tribe, immediately re-
assume operation of a program if— 
‘‘(i) the Secretary makes a finding of im-
minent and substantial jeopardy and irrep-
arable harm to a trust asset, a natural re-
source, or the public health and safety 
caused by an act or omission of the Indian 
Tribe; and 
‘‘(ii) the imminent and substantial jeop-
ardy and irreparable harm to the trust asset, 
natural resource, or public health and safety 
arises out of a failure by the Indian Tribe to 
carry out the terms of an applicable compact 
or funding agreement. 
‘‘(B) REASSUMPTION.—If the Secretary re-
assumes operation of a program under sub-
paragraph (A), the Secretary shall provide 
the Indian Tribe with a hearing on the 
record not later than 10 days after the date 
of reassumption. 
‘‘(c) INABILITY TO AGREE ON COMPACT OR 
FUNDING AGREEMENT.— 
‘‘(1) FINAL OFFER.—If the Secretary and a 
participating Indian Tribe are unable to 
agree, in whole or in part, on the terms of a 
compact or funding agreement (including 
funding levels), the Indian Tribe may submit 
a final offer to the Secretary. 
‘‘(2) DETERMINATION.—Not more than 60 
days after the date of receipt of a final offer 
by one or more of the officials designated 
pursuant to paragraph (4), the Secretary 
shall review and make a determination with 
respect to the final offer, except that the 60- 
day period may be extended for up to 30 days 
for circumstances beyond the control of the 
Secretary, upon written request by the Sec-
retary to the Indian tribe. 
‘‘(3) EXTENSIONS.—The deadline described 
in paragraph (2) may be extended for any 
length of time, as agreed upon by both the 
Indian Tribe and the Secretary. 
‘‘(4) DESIGNATED OFFICIALS.— 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall des-
ignate one or more appropriate officials in 
the Department to receive a copy of the final 
offer described in paragraph (1). 
‘‘(B) NO DESIGNATION.—If no official is des-
ignated, the Director of the Office of the Ex-
ecutive Secretariat and Regulatory Affairs 
shall be the designated official. 
‘‘(5) NO TIMELY DETERMINATION.—If the Sec-
retary fails to make a determination with 
respect to a final offer within the period 
specified in paragraph (2), including any ex-
tension agreed to under paragraph (3), the 
Secretary shall be deemed to have agreed to 
the offer, except that with respect to any 
compact or funding agreement provision 
concerning a program described under sec-
tion 403(c), the Secretary shall be deemed to 
have rejected the offer with respect to such 
provision and the terms of clauses (ii) 
through (iv) of paragraphs (6)(A) shall apply. 
‘‘(6) REJECTION OF FINAL OFFER.— 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—If the Secretary rejects 
a final offer (or one or more provisions or 
funding levels in a final offer), the Secretary 
shall— 
‘‘(i) provide timely written notification to 
the Indian Tribe that contains a specific 
finding that clearly demonstrates, or that is 
supported by a controlling legal authority, 
that— 
‘‘(I) the amount of funds proposed in the 
final offer exceeds the applicable funding 
level as determined under section 106(a)(1); 
‘‘(II) the program that is the subject of the 
final offer is an inherent Federal function or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:15 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00004
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A21SE7.001
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 3-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4553 
September 21, 2020 
is subject to the discretion of the Secretary 
under section 403(c); 
‘‘(III) the Indian Tribe cannot carry out 
the program in a manner that would not re-
sult in significant danger or risk to the pub-
lic health or safety, to natural resources, or 
to trust resources; 
‘‘(IV) the Indian Tribe is not eligible to 
participate in self-governance under section 
402(c); 
‘‘(V) the funding agreement would violate 
a Federal statute or regulation; or 
‘‘(VI) with respect to a program or portion 
of a program included in a final offer pursu-
ant to section 403(b)(2), the program or the 
portion of the program is not otherwise 
available to Indian Tribes or Indians under 
section 102(a)(1)(E); 
‘‘(ii) provide technical assistance to over-
come the objections stated in the notifica-
tion required by clause (i); 
‘‘(iii) provide the Indian Tribe with a hear-
ing on the record with the right to engage in 
full discovery relevant to any issue raised in 
the matter, and the opportunity for appeal 
on the objections raised, except that the In-
dian Tribe may, in lieu of filing such appeal, 
directly proceed to initiate an action in a 
United States district court under section 
110(a); and 
‘‘(iv) provide the Indian Tribe the option of 
entering into the severable portions of a 
final proposed compact or funding agreement 
(including a lesser funding amount, if any), 
that the Secretary did not reject, subject to 
any additional alterations necessary to con-
form the compact or funding agreement to 
the severed provisions. 
‘‘(B) EFFECT
OF
EXERCISING
CERTAIN
OP-
TION.—If an Indian Tribe exercises the option 
specified in subparagraph (A)(iv)— 
‘‘(i) the Indian Tribe shall retain the right 
to appeal the rejection by the Secretary 
under this section; and 
‘‘(ii) clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) of subpara-
graph (A) shall apply only to the portion of 
the proposed final compact or funding agree-
ment that was rejected by the Secretary. 
‘‘(d) BURDEN OF PROOF.—In any administra-
tive action, hearing, appeal, or civil action 
brought under this section, the Secretary 
shall have the burden of proof— 
‘‘(1) of demonstrating, by a preponderance 
of the evidence, the validity of the grounds 
for a reassumption under subsection (b); and 
‘‘(2) of clearly demonstrating the validity 
of the grounds for rejecting a final offer 
made under subsection (c). 
‘‘(e) GOOD FAITH.— 
‘‘(1) IN
GENERAL.—In the negotiation of 
compacts and funding agreements, the Sec-
retary shall at all times negotiate in good 
faith to maximize implementation of the 
self-governance policy. 
‘‘(2) POLICY.—The Secretary shall carry out 
this title in a manner that maximizes the 
policy of Tribal self-governance. 
‘‘(f) SAVINGS.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—To the extent that pro-
grams carried out for the benefit of Indian 
Tribes and Tribal organizations under this 
title reduce the administrative or other re-
sponsibilities of the Secretary with respect 
to the operation of Indian programs and re-
sult in savings that have not otherwise been 
included in the amount of Tribal shares and 
other funds determined under section 408(c), 
except for funding agreements entered into 
for programs under section 403(c), the Sec-
retary shall make such savings available to 
the Indian Tribes or Tribal organizations for 
the provision of additional services to pro-
gram beneficiaries in a manner equitable to 
directly served, contracted, and compacted 
programs. 
‘‘(2) DISCRETIONARY PROGRAMS OF SPECIAL 
SIGNIFICANCE.—For any savings generated as 
a result of the assumption of a program by 
an Indian Tribe under section 403(c), such 
savings shall be made available to that In-
dian Tribe. 
‘‘(g) 
TRUST
RESPONSIBILITY.—The 
Sec-
retary may not waive, modify, or diminish in 
any way the trust responsibility of the 
United States with respect to Indian Tribes 
and individual Indians that exists under 
treaties, Executive orders, other laws, or 
court decisions. 
‘‘(h) DECISION
MAKER.—A decision that 
constitutes final agency action and relates 
to an appeal within the Department con-
ducted under subsection (c)(6)(A)(iii) may be 
made by— 
‘‘(1) an official of the Department who 
holds a position at a higher organizational 
level within the Department than the level 
of the departmental agency in which the de-
cision that is the subject of the appeal was 
made; or 
‘‘(2) an administrative law judge. 
‘‘(i) RULES
OF CONSTRUCTION.—Subject to 
section 101(a) of the PROGRESS for Indian 
Tribes Act, each provision of this title and 
each provision of a compact or funding 
agreement shall be liberally construed for 
the benefit of the Indian Tribe participating 
in self-governance, and any ambiguity shall 
be resolved in favor of the Indian Tribe. 
‘‘SEC. 
407. 
CONSTRUCTION 
PROGRAMS 
AND 
PROJECTS. 
‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—Indian Tribes partici-
pating in Tribal self-governance may carry 
out any construction project included in a 
compact or funding agreement under this 
title. 
‘‘(b) TRIBAL OPTION TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN 
FEDERAL
ENVIRONMENTAL
ACTIVITIES.—In 
carrying out a construction project under 
this title, an Indian Tribe may, subject to 
the agreement of the Secretary, elect to as-
sume some Federal responsibilities under the 
National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 
(42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.), division A of subtitle 
III of title 54, United States Code, and re-
lated provisions of other law and regulations 
that would apply if the Secretary were to un-
dertake a construction project, by adopting 
a resolution— 
‘‘(1) designating a certifying Tribal officer 
to represent the Indian Tribe and to assume 
the status of a responsible Federal official 
under those Acts, laws, or regulations; and 
‘‘(2) accepting the jurisdiction of the 
United States courts for the purpose of en-
forcing the responsibilities of the certifying 
Tribal officer assuming the status of a re-
sponsible Federal official under those Acts, 
laws, or regulations. 
‘‘(c) 
SAVINGS
CLAUSE.—Notwithstanding 
subsection (b), nothing in this section au-
thorizes the Secretary to include in any 
compact or funding agreement duties of the 
Secretary under the National Environmental 
Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.), di-
vision A of subtitle III of title 54, United 
States Code, and other related provisions of 
law that are inherent Federal functions. 
‘‘(d) CODES
AND STANDARDS.—In carrying 
out a construction project under this title, 
an Indian Tribe shall— 
‘‘(1) adhere to applicable Federal, State, 
local, and Tribal building codes, architec-
tural and engineering standards, and applica-
ble Federal guidelines regarding design, 
space, and operational standards, appro-
priate for the particular project; and 
‘‘(2) use only architects and engineers 
who— 
‘‘(A) are licensed to practice in the State 
in which the facility will be built; and 
‘‘(B) certify that— 
‘‘(i) they are qualified to perform the work 
required by the specific construction in-
volved; and 
‘‘(ii) upon completion of design, the plans 
and specifications meet or exceed the appli-
cable construction and safety codes. 
‘‘(e) TRIBAL ACCOUNTABILITY.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—In carrying out a con-
struction project under this title, an Indian 
Tribe shall assume responsibility for the suc-
cessful 
completion 
of 
the 
construction 
project and of a facility that is usable for the 
purpose for which the Indian Tribe received 
funding. 
‘‘(2) REQUIREMENTS.—For each construc-
tion project carried out by an Indian Tribe 
under this title, the Indian Tribe and the 
Secretary shall negotiate a provision to be 
included in the funding agreement that iden-
tifies— 
‘‘(A) the approximate start and completion 
dates for the project, which may extend over 
a period of one or more years; 
‘‘(B) a general description of the project, 
including the scope of work, references to de-
sign criteria, and other terms and condi-
tions; 
‘‘(C) the responsibilities of the Indian Tribe 
and the Secretary for the project; 
‘‘(D) how project-related environmental 
considerations will be addressed; 
‘‘(E) the amount of funds provided for the 
project; 
‘‘(F) the obligations of the Indian Tribe to 
comply with the codes referenced in sub-
section (d)(1) and applicable Federal laws 
and regulations; 
‘‘(G) the agreement of the parties over who 
will bear any additional costs necessary to 
meet changes in scope, or errors or omissions 
in design and construction; and 
‘‘(H) the agreement of the Secretary to 
issue a certificate of occupancy, if requested 
by the Indian Tribe, based upon the review 
and verification by the Secretary, to the sat-
isfaction of the Secretary, that the Indian 
Tribe has secured upon completion the re-
view and approval of the plans and specifica-
tions, sufficiency of design, life safety, and 
code compliance by qualified, licensed, and 
independent architects and engineers. 
‘‘(f) FUNDING.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—Funding appropriated for 
construction projects carried out under this 
title shall be included in funding agreements 
as annual or semiannual advance payments 
at the option of the Indian Tribe. 
‘‘(2) ADVANCE
PAYMENTS.—The Secretary 
shall include all associated project contin-
gency funds with each advance payment, and 
the Indian Tribe shall be responsible for the 
management of such contingency funds. 
‘‘(g) NEGOTIATIONS.—At the option of the 
Indian Tribe, construction project funding 
proposals shall be negotiated pursuant to the 
statutory process in section 105, and any re-
sulting construction project agreement shall 
be incorporated into the funding agreement 
as addenda. 
‘‘(h) FEDERAL REVIEW AND VERIFICATION.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—On a schedule negotiated 
by the Secretary and the Indian Tribe— 
‘‘(A) the Secretary shall review and verify, 
to the satisfaction of the Secretary, that 
project planning and design documents pre-
pared by the Indian Tribe in advance of ini-
tial construction are in conformity with the 
obligations of the Indian Tribe under sub-
section (d); and 
‘‘(B) before the project planning and design 
documents are implemented, the Secretary 
shall review and verify to the satisfaction of 
the Secretary that subsequent document 
amendments which result in a significant 
change in construction are in conformity 
with the obligations of the Indian Tribe 
under subsection (d). 
‘‘(2) REPORTS.—The Indian Tribe shall pro-
vide the Secretary with project progress and 
financial reports not less than semiannually. 
‘‘(3) OVERSIGHT VISITS.—The Secretary may 
conduct onsite project oversight visits semi-
annually or on an alternate schedule agreed 
to by the Secretary and the Indian Tribe. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:15 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00005
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A21SE7.001
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 4-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4554 
September 21, 2020 
‘‘(i) APPLICATION OF OTHER LAWS.—Unless 
otherwise agreed to by the Indian Tribe and 
except as otherwise provided in this Act, no 
provision of title 41, United States Code, the 
Federal Acquisition Regulation, or any other 
law or regulation pertaining to Federal pro-
curement (including Executive orders) shall 
apply 
to 
any 
construction 
program 
or 
project carried out under this title. 
‘‘(j) FUTURE FUNDING.—Upon completion of 
a facility constructed under this title, the 
Secretary shall include the facility among 
those eligible for annual operation and main-
tenance funding support comparable to that 
provided for similar facilities funded by the 
Department as annual appropriations are 
available and to the extent that the facility 
size and complexity and other factors do not 
exceed the funding formula criteria for com-
parable buildings. 
‘‘SEC. 408. PAYMENT. 
‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—At the request of the 
governing body of an Indian Tribe and under 
the terms of an applicable funding agree-
ment, the Secretary shall provide funding to 
the Indian Tribe to carry out the funding 
agreement. 
‘‘(b) ADVANCE ANNUAL PAYMENT.—At the 
option of the Indian Tribe, a funding agree-
ment shall provide for an advance annual 
payment to an Indian Tribe. 
‘‘(c) AMOUNT.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—Subject to subsection (e) 
and sections 403 and 405, the Secretary shall 
provide funds to the Indian Tribe under a 
funding agreement for programs in an 
amount that is equal to the amount that the 
Indian Tribe would have been entitled to re-
ceive under contracts and grants under this 
Act (including amounts for direct program 
and contract support costs and, in addition, 
any funds that are specifically or function-
ally related to the provision by the Sec-
retary of services and benefits to the Indian 
Tribe or its members) without regard to the 
organization level within the Department at 
which the programs are carried out. 
‘‘(2) SAVINGS CLAUSE.—Nothing in this sec-
tion reduces programs, services, or funds of, 
or provided to, another Indian Tribe. 
‘‘(d) TIMING.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—Pursuant to the terms of 
any compact or funding agreement entered 
into under this title, the Secretary shall 
transfer to the Indian Tribe all funds pro-
vided for in the funding agreement, pursuant 
to subsection (c), and provide funding for pe-
riods covered by joint resolution adopted by 
Congress making continuing appropriations, 
to the extent permitted by such resolution. 
‘‘(2) TRANSFERS.—Not later than 1 year 
after 
the 
date 
of 
enactment 
of 
the 
PROGRESS for Indian Tribes Act, in any in-
stance in which a funding agreement re-
quires an annual transfer of funding to be 
made at the beginning of a fiscal year or re-
quires semiannual or other periodic transfers 
of funding to be made commencing at the be-
ginning of a fiscal year, the first such trans-
fer shall be made not later than 10 days after 
the apportionment of such funds by the Of-
fice of Management and Budget to the De-
partment, unless the funding agreement pro-
vides otherwise. 
‘‘(e) AVAILABILITY.—Funds for trust serv-
ices to individual Indians shall be available 
under a funding agreement only to the ex-
tent that the same services that would have 
been provided by the Secretary are provided 
to individual Indians by the Indian Tribe. 
‘‘(f) MULTIYEAR FUNDING.—A funding agree-
ment may provide for multiyear funding. 
‘‘(g) LIMITATIONS
ON
AUTHORITY
OF
THE 
SECRETARY.—The Secretary shall not— 
‘‘(1) fail to transfer to an Indian Tribe its 
full share of any central, headquarters, re-
gional, area, or service unit office or other 
funds due under this title for programs eligi-
ble under paragraph (1) or (2) of section 
403(b), except as required by Federal law; 
‘‘(2) withhold any portion of such funds for 
transfer over a period of years; or 
‘‘(3) reduce the amount of funds required 
under this title— 
‘‘(A) to make funding available for self- 
governance monitoring or administration by 
the Secretary; 
‘‘(B) in subsequent years, except as nec-
essary as a result of— 
‘‘(i) a reduction in appropriations from the 
previous fiscal year for the program to be in-
cluded in a compact or funding agreement; 
‘‘(ii) a congressional directive in legisla-
tion or an accompanying report; 
‘‘(iii) a Tribal authorization; 
‘‘(iv) a change in the amount of pass- 
through funds subject to the terms of the 
funding agreement; or 
‘‘(v) completion of an activity under a pro-
gram for which the funds were provided; 
‘‘(C) to pay for Federal functions, includ-
ing— 
‘‘(i) Federal pay costs; 
‘‘(ii) Federal employee retirement benefits; 
‘‘(iii) automated data processing; 
‘‘(iv) technical assistance; and 
‘‘(v) monitoring of activities under this 
title; or 
‘‘(D) to pay for costs of Federal personnel 
displaced by self-determination contracts 
under this Act or self-governance under this 
title. 
‘‘(h) FEDERAL
RESOURCES.—If an Indian 
Tribe elects to carry out a compact or fund-
ing agreement with the use of Federal per-
sonnel, Federal supplies (including supplies 
available from Federal warehouse facilities), 
Federal supply sources (including lodging, 
airline transportation, and other means of 
transportation, including the use of inter-
agency motor pool vehicles), or other Fed-
eral resources (including supplies, services, 
and resources available to the Secretary 
under any procurement contracts in which 
the Department is eligible to participate), 
the Secretary shall, as soon as practicable, 
acquire and transfer such personnel, sup-
plies, or resources to the Indian Tribe under 
this title. 
‘‘(i) PROMPT PAYMENT ACT.—Chapter 39 of 
title 31, United States Code, shall apply to 
the transfer of funds due under a compact or 
funding agreement authorized under this 
title. 
‘‘(j) INTEREST OR OTHER INCOME.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—An Indian Tribe may re-
tain interest or income earned on any funds 
paid under a compact or funding agreement 
to carry out governmental purposes. 
‘‘(2) NO
EFFECT
ON
OTHER
AMOUNTS.—The 
retention of interest or income under para-
graph (1) shall not diminish the amount of 
funds an Indian Tribe is entitled to receive 
under a funding agreement in the year the 
interest or income is earned or in any subse-
quent fiscal year. 
‘‘(3) INVESTMENT STANDARD.—Funds trans-
ferred under this title shall be managed by 
the Indian Tribe using the prudent invest-
ment standard, provided that the Secretary 
shall not be liable for any investment losses 
of funds managed by the Indian Tribe that 
are not otherwise guaranteed or insured by 
the Federal Government. 
‘‘(k) CARRYOVER OF FUNDS.— 
‘‘(1) IN
GENERAL.—Notwithstanding any 
provision of an appropriations Act, all funds 
paid to an Indian Tribe in accordance with a 
compact or funding agreement shall remain 
available until expended. 
‘‘(2) EFFECT
OF
CARRYOVER.—If an Indian 
Tribe elects to carry over funding from one 
year to the next, the carryover shall not di-
minish the amount of funds the Indian Tribe 
is entitled to receive under a funding agree-
ment in that fiscal year or any subsequent 
fiscal year. 
‘‘(l) LIMITATION OF COSTS.— 
‘‘(1) IN
GENERAL.—An Indian Tribe shall 
not be obligated to continue performance 
that requires an expenditure of funds in ex-
cess of the amount of funds transferred 
under a compact or funding agreement. 
‘‘(2) NOTICE
OF
INSUFFICIENCY.—If at any 
time the Indian Tribe has reason to believe 
that the total amount provided for a specific 
activity under a compact or funding agree-
ment is insufficient, the Indian Tribe shall 
provide reasonable notice of such insuffi-
ciency to the Secretary. 
‘‘(3) SUSPENSION OF PERFORMANCE.—If, after 
notice under paragraph (2), the Secretary 
does not increase the amount of funds trans-
ferred under the funding agreement, the In-
dian Tribe may suspend performance of the 
activity until such time as additional funds 
are transferred. 
‘‘(4) SAVINGS CLAUSE.—Nothing in this sec-
tion reduces any programs, services, or funds 
of, or provided to, another Indian Tribe. 
‘‘(m) DISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS.—The Office 
of Self-Governance shall be responsible for 
distribution of all Bureau of Indian Affairs 
funds provided under this title unless other-
wise agreed by the parties to an applicable 
funding agreement. 
‘‘(n) APPLICABILITY.—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this section, section 101(a) 
of the PROGRESS for Indian Tribes Act ap-
plies to subsections (a) through (m). 
‘‘SEC. 409. FACILITATION. 
‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—Except as otherwise pro-
vided by law (including section 101(a) of the 
PROGRESS for Indian Tribes Act), the Sec-
retary shall interpret each Federal law and 
regulation in a manner that facilitates— 
‘‘(1) the inclusion of programs in funding 
agreements; and 
‘‘(2) the implementation of funding agree-
ments. 
‘‘(b) REGULATION WAIVER.— 
‘‘(1) REQUEST.—An Indian Tribe may sub-
mit to the Secretary a written request for a 
waiver of applicability of a Federal regula-
tion, including— 
‘‘(A) an identification of the specific text 
in the regulation sought to be waived; and 
‘‘(B) the basis for the request. 
‘‘(2) DETERMINATION
BY
THE
SECRETARY.— 
Not later than 120 days after receipt by the 
Secretary and the designated officials under 
paragraph (4) of a request under paragraph 
(1), the Secretary shall approve or deny the 
requested waiver in writing to the Indian 
Tribe. 
‘‘(3) EXTENSIONS.—The deadline described 
in paragraph (2) may be extended for any 
length of time, as agreed upon by both the 
Indian Tribe and the Secretary. 
‘‘(4) DESIGNATED OFFICIALS.—The Secretary 
shall designate one or more appropriate offi-
cials in the Department to receive a copy of 
the waiver request described in paragraph 
(1). 
‘‘(5) GROUNDS FOR DENIAL.—The Secretary 
may deny a request under paragraph (1) upon 
a specific finding by the Secretary that the 
identified text in the regulation may not be 
waived because such a waiver is prohibited 
by Federal law. 
‘‘(6) FAILURE TO MAKE DETERMINATION.—If 
the Secretary fails to make a determination 
with respect to a waiver request within the 
period specified in paragraph (2) (including 
any extension agreed to under paragraph (3)), 
the Secretary shall be deemed to have agreed 
to the request, except that for a waiver re-
quest relating to programs eligible under 
section 403(b)(2) or section 403(c), the Sec-
retary shall be deemed to have denied the re-
quest. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:15 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00006
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A21SE7.001
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 5-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4555 
September 21, 2020 
‘‘(7) FINALITY.—A decision of the Secretary 
under this section shall be final for the De-
partment. 
‘‘SEC. 410. DISCRETIONARY APPLICATION OF 
OTHER SECTIONS. 
‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—Except as otherwise pro-
vided in section 201(d) of the PROGRESS for 
Indian Tribes Act, at the option of a partici-
pating Indian Tribe or Indian Tribes, any of 
the provisions of title I may be incorporated 
in any compact or funding agreement under 
this title. The inclusion of any such provi-
sion shall be subject to, and shall not con-
flict with, section 101(a) of such Act. 
‘‘(b) EFFECT.—Each incorporated provision 
under subsection (a) shall— 
‘‘(1) have the same force and effect as if set 
out in full in this title; 
‘‘(2) supplement or replace any related pro-
vision in this title; and 
‘‘(3) apply to any agency otherwise gov-
erned by this title. 
‘‘(c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—If an Indian Tribe 
requests incorporation at the negotiation 
stage of a compact or funding agreement, the 
incorporation shall— 
‘‘(1) be effective immediately; and 
‘‘(2) control the negotiation and resulting 
compact and funding agreement. 
‘‘SEC. 411. ANNUAL BUDGET LIST. 
‘‘The Secretary shall list, in the annual 
budget request submitted to Congress under 
section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, 
any funds proposed to be included in funding 
agreements authorized under this title. 
‘‘SEC. 412. REPORTS. 
‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.— 
‘‘(1) REQUIREMENT.—On January 1 of each 
year, the Secretary shall submit to Congress 
a report regarding the administration of this 
title. 
‘‘(2) ANALYSIS.—Any Indian Tribe may sub-
mit to the Office of Self-Governance and to 
the appropriate committees of Congress a de-
tailed annual analysis of unmet Tribal needs 
for funding agreements under this title. 
‘‘(b) CONTENTS.—The report under sub-
section (a)(1) shall— 
‘‘(1) be compiled from information con-
tained in funding agreements, annual audit 
reports, and data of the Secretary regarding 
the disposition of Federal funds; 
‘‘(2) identify— 
‘‘(A) the relative costs and benefits of self- 
governance; 
‘‘(B) with particularity, all funds that are 
specifically or functionally related to the 
provision by the Secretary of services and 
benefits to self-governance Indian Tribes and 
members of Indian Tribes; 
‘‘(C) the funds transferred to each Indian 
Tribe and the corresponding reduction in the 
Federal employees and workload; and 
‘‘(D) the funding formula for individual 
Tribal shares of all Central Office funds, to-
gether with the comments of affected Indian 
Tribes, developed under subsection (d); 
‘‘(3) before being submitted to Congress, be 
distributed to the Indian Tribes for comment 
(with a comment period of not less than 30 
days); 
‘‘(4) include the separate views and com-
ments of each Indian Tribe or Tribal organi-
zation; and 
‘‘(5) include a list of— 
‘‘(A) all such programs that the Secretary 
determines, in consultation with Indian 
Tribes participating in self-governance, are 
eligible for negotiation to be included in a 
funding agreement at the request of a par-
ticipating Indian Tribe; and 
‘‘(B) all such programs which Indian Tribes 
have formally requested to include in a fund-
ing agreement under section 403(c) due to the 
special geographic, historical, or cultural 
significance of the program to the Indian 
Tribe, indicating whether each request was 
granted or denied, and stating the grounds 
for any denial. 
‘‘(c) REPORT ON NON-BIA PROGRAMS.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—In order to optimize op-
portunities for including non-BIA programs 
in agreements with Indian Tribes partici-
pating in self-governance under this title, 
the Secretary shall review all programs ad-
ministered by the Department, other than 
through the Bureau of Indian Affairs, the Of-
fice of the Assistant Secretary for Indian Af-
fairs, or the Office of the Special Trustee for 
American Indians, without regard to the 
agency or office concerned. 
‘‘(2) PROGRAMMATIC
TARGETS.—The Sec-
retary shall establish programmatic targets, 
after consultation with Indian Tribes par-
ticipating in self-governance, to encourage 
bureaus of the Department to ensure that an 
appropriate portion of those programs are 
available to be included in funding agree-
ments. 
‘‘(3) PUBLICATION.—The lists under sub-
section (b)(5) and targets under paragraph (2) 
shall be published in the Federal Register 
and made available to any Indian Tribe par-
ticipating in self-governance. 
‘‘(4) ANNUAL REVIEW.— 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall an-
nually review and publish in the Federal 
Register, after consultation with Indian 
Tribes participating in self-governance, re-
vised lists and programmatic targets. 
‘‘(B) CONTENTS.—In preparing the revised 
lists and programmatic targets, the Sec-
retary shall consider all programs that were 
eligible for contracting in the original list 
published in the Federal Register in 1995, ex-
cept for programs specifically determined 
not to be contractible as a matter of law. 
‘‘(d) REPORT ON CENTRAL OFFICE FUNDS.— 
Not later than January 1, 2020, the Secretary 
shall, in consultation with Indian Tribes, de-
velop a funding formula to determine the in-
dividual Tribal share of funds controlled by 
the Central Office of the Bureau of Indian Af-
fairs and the Office of the Special Trustee for 
inclusion in the compacts. 
‘‘SEC. 413. REGULATIONS. 
‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.— 
‘‘(1) PROMULGATION.—Not later than 90 
days after the date of enactment of the 
PROGRESS for Indian Tribes Act, the Sec-
retary shall initiate procedures under sub-
chapter III of chapter 5 of title 5, United 
States Code, to negotiate and promulgate 
such regulations as are necessary to carry 
out this title. 
‘‘(2) PUBLICATION
OF
PROPOSED
REGULA-
TIONS.—Proposed regulations to implement 
this title shall be published in the Federal 
Register not later than 21 months after the 
date of enactment of the PROGRESS for In-
dian Tribes Act. 
‘‘(3) EXPIRATION
OF
AUTHORITY.—The au-
thority to promulgate regulations under 
paragraph (1) shall expire on the date that is 
30 months after the date of enactment of the 
PROGRESS for Indian Tribes Act. 
‘‘(b) COMMITTEE.— 
‘‘(1) 
MEMBERSHIP.—A 
negotiated 
rule-
making committee established pursuant to 
section 565 of title 5, United States Code, to 
carry out this section shall have as its mem-
bers only representatives of the Federal Gov-
ernment and Tribal government. 
‘‘(2) LEAD
AGENCY.—Among the Federal 
representatives described in paragraph (1), 
the Office of Self-Governance shall be the 
lead agency for the Department. 
‘‘(c) 
ADAPTATION
OF
PROCEDURES.—The 
Secretary shall adapt the negotiated rule-
making procedures to the unique context of 
self-governance and the government-to-gov-
ernment relationship between the United 
States and Indian Tribes. 
‘‘(d) EFFECT.— 
‘‘(1) REPEAL.—The Secretary may repeal 
any regulation that is inconsistent with this 
Act. 
‘‘(2) CONFLICTING
PROVISIONS.—Subject to 
section 101(a) of the PROGRESS for Indian 
Tribes Act and except with respect to pro-
grams described under section 403(c), this 
title shall supersede any conflicting provi-
sion of law (including any conflicting regula-
tions). 
‘‘(3) EFFECTIVENESS
WITHOUT
REGARD
TO 
REGULATIONS.—The lack of promulgated reg-
ulations on an issue shall not limit the effect 
or implementation of this title. 
‘‘SEC. 414. EFFECT OF CIRCULARS, POLICIES, 
MANUALS, GUIDANCE, AND RULES. 
‘‘Unless expressly agreed to by a partici-
pating Indian Tribe in a compact or funding 
agreement, the participating Indian Tribe 
shall not be subject to any agency circular, 
policy, manual, guidance, or rule adopted by 
the Department, except for— 
‘‘(1) the eligibility provisions of section 
105(g); and 
‘‘(2) regulations promulgated pursuant to 
section 413. 
‘‘SEC. 415. APPEALS. 
‘‘Except as provided in section 406(d), in 
any administrative action, appeal, or civil 
action for judicial review of any decision 
made by the Secretary under this title, the 
Secretary shall have the burden of proof of 
demonstrating by a preponderance of the evi-
dence— 
‘‘(1) the validity of the grounds for the de-
cision; and 
‘‘(2) the consistency of the decision with 
the requirements and policies of this title. 
‘‘SEC. 416. APPLICATION OF OTHER PROVISIONS. 
‘‘Section 314 of the Department of the Inte-
rior and Related Agencies Appropriations 
Act, 1991 (Public Law 101–512; 104 Stat. 1959), 
shall apply to compacts and funding agree-
ments entered into under this title. 
‘‘SEC. 417. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated 
such sums as may be necessary to carry out 
this title.’’. 
TITLE II—INDIAN SELF-DETERMINATION 
SEC. 201. DEFINITIONS; REPORTING AND AUDIT 
REQUIREMENTS; APPLICATION OF 
PROVISIONS. 
(a) DEFINITIONS.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—Section 4 of the Indian 
Self-Determination and Education Assist-
ance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304) is amended by strik-
ing subsection (j) and inserting the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(j) ‘self-determination contract’ means a 
contract entered into under title I (or a 
grant or cooperative agreement used under 
section 9) between a Tribal organization and 
the appropriate Secretary for the planning, 
conduct, and administration of programs or 
services that are otherwise provided to In-
dian Tribes and members of Indian Tribes 
pursuant to Federal law, subject to the con-
dition that, except as provided in section 
105(a)(3), no contract entered into under title 
I (or grant or cooperative agreement used 
under section 9) shall be— 
‘‘(1) considered to be a procurement con-
tract; or 
‘‘(2) except as provided in section 107(a)(1), 
subject to any Federal procurement law (in-
cluding regulations);’’. 
(2) TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS.—Section 4 of 
the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-
cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304), as 
amended by paragraph (1), is further amend-
ed— 
(A) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘ ‘Indian 
tribe’ means’’ and inserting ‘‘ ‘Indian tribe’ 
or ‘Indian Tribe’ means’’; and 
(B) in subsection (l), by striking ‘‘ ‘tribal 
organization’ means’’ and inserting ‘‘ ‘Tribal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:15 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00007
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A21SE7.001
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 6-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4556 
September 21, 2020 
organization’ 
or 
‘tribal 
organization’ 
means’’. 
(b) REPORTING AND AUDIT REQUIREMENTS.— 
Section 5 of the Indian Self-Determination 
and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5305) 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘after completion of the 
project or undertaking referred to in the pre-
ceding subsection of this section’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘after the retention period for the report 
that is submitted to the Secretary under 
subsection (a)’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘The retention period shall be defined in reg-
ulations promulgated by the Secretary pur-
suant to section 413.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (f)(1), by inserting ‘‘if the 
Indian Tribal organization expends $500,000 
or more in Federal awards during such fiscal 
year’’ after ‘‘under this Act,’’. 
(c) 
EFFECTIVE
DATE.—The 
amendment 
made by subsection (b)(2) shall not take ef-
fect until 14 months after the date of enact-
ment of this Act. 
(d) APPLICATION
OF OTHER PROVISIONS.— 
Sections 4, 5, 6, 7, 102(c), 104, 105(a)(1), 105(f), 
110, and 111 of the Indian Self-Determination 
and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304, 
5305, 5306, 5307, 5321(c), 5323, 5324(a)(1), 5324(f), 
5331, and 5332) and section 314 of the Depart-
ment of the Interior and Related Agencies 
Appropriations Act, 1991 (Public Law 101–512; 
104 Stat. 1959), apply to compacts and fund-
ing agreements entered into under title IV of 
the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-
cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5361 et seq.). 
SEC. 202. CONTRACTS BY SECRETARY OF THE IN-
TERIOR. 
Section 102 of the Indian Self-Determina-
tion and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 
5321) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)(2), by striking ‘‘eco-
nomic enterprises’’ and all that follows 
through ‘‘except that’’ and inserting ‘‘eco-
nomic enterprises (as defined in section 3 of 
the Indian Financing Act of 1974 (25 U.S.C. 
1452)), except that’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(f) GOOD FAITH REQUIREMENT.—In the ne-
gotiation of contracts and funding agree-
ments, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) at all times negotiate in good faith to 
maximize implementation of the self-deter-
mination policy; and 
‘‘(2) carry out this Act in a manner that 
maximizes the policy of Tribal self-deter-
mination, in a manner consistent with— 
‘‘(A) the purposes specified in section 3; 
and 
‘‘(B) the PROGRESS for Indian Tribes Act. 
‘‘(g) RULE
OF CONSTRUCTION.—Subject to 
section 101(a) of the PROGRESS for Indian 
Tribes Act, each provision of this Act and 
each provision of a contract or funding 
agreement shall be liberally construed for 
the benefit of the Indian Tribe participating 
in self-determination, and any ambiguity 
shall be resolved in favor of the Indian 
Tribe.’’. 
SEC. 203. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS. 
Section 105 of the Indian Self-Determina-
tion and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 
5324) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b), in the first sentence, 
by striking ‘‘pursuant to’’ and all that fol-
lows through ‘‘of this Act’’ and inserting 
‘‘pursuant to sections 102 and 103’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(p) INTERPRETATION
BY SECRETARY.—Ex-
cept as otherwise provided by law, the Sec-
retary shall interpret all Federal laws (in-
cluding regulations) and Executive orders in 
a manner that facilitates, to the maximum 
extent practicable— 
‘‘(1) the inclusion in self-determination 
contracts and funding agreements of— 
‘‘(A) applicable programs, services, func-
tions, and activities (or portions thereof); 
and 
‘‘(B) funds associated with those programs, 
services, functions, and activities; 
‘‘(2) the implementation of self-determina-
tion contracts and funding agreements; and 
‘‘(3) the achievement of Tribal health ob-
jectives. 
‘‘(q)(1) TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE
FOR INTER-
NAL CONTROLS.—In considering proposals for, 
amendments to, or in the course of, a con-
tract under this title and compacts under ti-
tles IV and V of this Act, if the Secretary de-
termines that the Indian Tribe lacks ade-
quate internal controls necessary to manage 
the contracted program or programs, the 
Secretary shall, as soon as practicable, pro-
vide the necessary technical assistance to as-
sist the Indian Tribe in developing adequate 
internal controls. As part of that technical 
assistance, the Secretary and the Tribe shall 
develop a plan for assessing the subsequent 
effectiveness of such technical assistance. 
The inability of the Secretary to provide 
technical assistance or lack of a plan under 
this subsection shall not result in the re-
assumption of an existing agreement, con-
tract, or compact, or declination or rejection 
of a new agreement, contract, or compact. 
‘‘(2) The Secretary shall prepare a report 
to be included in the information required 
for the reports under sections 412(b)(2)(A) 
and 514(b)(2)(A). The Secretary shall include 
in this report, in the aggregate, a description 
of the internal controls that were inad-
equate, the technical assistance provided, 
and a description of Secretarial actions 
taken to address any remaining inadequate 
internal controls after the provision of tech-
nical assistance and implementation of the 
plan required by paragraph (1).’’. 
SEC. 204. CONTRACT FUNDING AND INDIRECT 
COSTS. 
Section 106(a)(3) of the Indian Self-Deter-
mination and Education Assistance Act (25 
U.S.C. 5325(a)(3)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A)— 
(A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘, and’’ and in-
serting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(B) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘expense re-
lated to the overhead incurred’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘expense incurred by the governing body 
of the Indian Tribe or Tribal organization 
and any overhead expense incurred’’; 
(2) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as 
subparagraph (C); and 
(3) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the 
following: 
‘‘(B) In calculating the reimbursement rate 
for 
expenses 
described 
in 
subparagraph 
(A)(ii), not less than 50 percent of the ex-
penses described in subparagraph (A)(ii) that 
are incurred by the governing body of an In-
dian Tribe or Tribal organization relating to 
a Federal program, function, service, or ac-
tivity carried out pursuant to the contract 
shall be considered to be reasonable and al-
lowable.’’. 
SEC. 205. CONTRACT OR GRANT SPECIFICATIONS. 
Section 108 of the Indian Self-Determina-
tion and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 
5329) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(2), by inserting ‘‘sub-
ject to subsections (a) and (b) of section 102,’’ 
before ‘‘contain’’; 
(2) in subsection (f)(2)(A)(ii) of the model 
agreement contained in subsection (c), by in-
serting ‘‘subject to subsections (a) and (b) of 
section 102 of the Indian Self-Determination 
and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 
5321),’’ before ‘‘such other provisions’’; and 
(3) in subsection (b)(7)(C) of the model 
agreement contained in subsection (c), in the 
second sentence of the matter preceding 
clause (i), by striking ‘‘one performance 
monitoring visit’’ and inserting ‘‘two per-
formance monitoring visits’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from 
New Mexico (Ms. HAALAND) and the 
gentlewoman from Wyoming (Ms. CHE-
NEY) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from New Mexico. 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Ms. HAALAND. Madam Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-
bers may have 5 legislative days in 
which to revise and extend their re-
marks and include extraneous material 
on the measure under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-
woman from New Mexico? 
There was no objection. 
Ms. HAALAND. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Madam 
Speaker, 
S. 
209, 
the 
PROGRESS for Indian Tribes Act, in-
troduced by Senator HOEVEN of North 
Dakota, will enhance the Department 
of the Interior’s self-governance proc-
ess and provide Indian Tribes with 
greater flexibility. 
The Indian Self-Determination and 
Education Assistance Act is one of the 
most important legislative acts affect-
ing Indian Country in the last 40-plus 
years as a key driver to improving the 
Tribal communities. Enacted in 1975, 
the act was a Nixon-era initiative 
signed into law by President Gerald 
Ford yet strongly supported by Demo-
crats at the time. 
Pursuant to the act, Tribes are able 
to enter into self-governance contracts, 
commonly known as 638 contracts, 
with BIA and IHS, the Bureau of Indian 
Affairs and Indian Health Service, to 
manage and administer Federal Indian 
programs. 
In 1994, the ISDEAA was amended by 
adding 
title 
IV, 
which 
authorized 
Tribes to enter into negotiated com-
pact agreements with the BIA under 
which Tribes can assume control of the 
Department programs and associated 
funding and tailor those programs to 
the needs of their Tribal communities. 
In 2000, the act was again amended to 
add title V, which authorizes similar 
Tribal 
compacts 
with 
the 
Indian 
Health Service, the IHS, through the 
Department of Health and Human 
Services. 
There are more than 350 self-govern-
ance Tribes in the country, and the 
vast majority of them manage pro-
grams within both DOI and IHS and 
have achieved great success. In my 
home State of New Mexico, there are 
six pueblos engaged in self-governance: 
Sandia, Santa Clara, Taos, Cochiti, 
Jemez, and Ohkay Owingeh. 
Tribal self-governance programs are 
successful in their acknowledgment 
that Tribes have the right to govern 
themselves with minimal Federal over-
sight and maximum flexibility to meet 
local Tribal needs. However, signifi-
cant differences between the title IV 
and title V amendments have forced 
self-governance 
Tribes 
to 
operate 
under two separate sets of legislative 
and administrative requirements. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:15 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00008
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A21SE7.001
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 7-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4557 
September 21, 2020 
The PROGRESS for Indian Tribes 
Act would largely reconcile these dif-
ferences, streamline the self-govern-
ance process, improve efficiencies, and 
strengthen reservation economies. 
Passage of the PROGRESS Act is a 
top legislative priority for self-govern-
ance Tribes and is supported by the Na-
tional Congress of American Indians, 
United South and Eastern Tribes, the 
Alaska Federation of Natives, the Mid-
west Alliance of Sovereign Tribes, the 
Affiliated Tribes of Northwest Indians, 
and many more Indian Tribes. The ad-
ministration and the U.S. Chamber of 
Commerce are also on record in sup-
port of this legislation. 
This legislation is a product of over a 
decade 
of 
bipartisan 
negotiations, 
which is why S. 209 passed the Repub-
lican-controlled Senate on a voice 
vote. If bipartisan consensus was so 
easily found in the Senate in this Con-
gress, then it should be clear that this 
is a commonsense bill that both sides 
of the aisle can support as well. 
Madam Speaker, I am proud to be the 
sponsor of the House version of the leg-
islation, H.R. 2031, along with my dear 
colleagues, Representatives TOM COLE 
of Oklahoma and DON YOUNG of Alaska 
and others. I hope that you will join 
me in passing S. 209 and sending it to 
the President’s desk. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Ms. CHENEY. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Madam Speaker, this is a very impor-
tant bill. Unfortunately, the way that 
it is currently written raises some sig-
nificant concerns. 
As the Representative of Tribal com-
munities in Wyoming, I share very 
much the notion and the concept of 
helping to increase self-determination, 
but I believe that this bill, as it is cur-
rently written, unfortunately, leaves 
unresolved some major issues with re-
spect to, in particular, Bureau of Rec-
lamation water projects that could af-
fect both Tribal as well as non-Tribal 
interests. 
In our Western States where water is 
a scarce and precious commodity, 
water management interests must be 
carefully balanced, and I am concerned 
that S. 209 does not strike that bal-
ance. 
Over the last several Congresses, 
House Republicans have offered solu-
tions to the reclamation projects issues 
without the need for courts to step in 
to sort this out. Unfortunately, this ef-
fort was most recently defeated on a 
party-line vote with little discussion 
from the Democrat majority. 
Unfortunately, we still are, today, 
faced with a situation where we have 
got a worthy goal that this legislation 
is attempting to achieve, but it doesn’t 
quite get there. 
Given these unresolved concerns, I 
must urge rejection of the measure as 
written and ask for a ‘‘no’’ vote. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Ms. HAALAND. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
As I stated before, this legislation is 
a result of over a decade of bipartisan, 
bicameral negotiations. 
Since self-governance was first en-
acted in 1994, there have been no as-
sumptions by Tribes of Bureau of Rec-
lamation projects—none. Under the 
1994 law, the conditions, requirements, 
and limitations mitigating against any 
such Tribal assumption of a Bureau of 
Reclamation project have resulted in 
no such assumptions. 
S. 209 does not change the 1994 au-
thority in this regard. This is why the 
gentlewoman’s 
concerns 
are 
com-
pletely unfounded and why we defeated 
an amendment on this in committee in 
the first place. 
More so, S. 209 already contains a 
lengthy disclaimer specifically stating 
that it does not affect, in any way, the 
ability of Tribes to take over programs 
or projects of Interior agencies other 
than the BIA. 
b 1215 
Unless I’m not privy to yet another 
department reorganization, the Bureau 
of Reclamation is not part of the BIA. 
This bipartisan bill is critical to the 
furtherance of self-governance and im-
provements in Tribal communities. I 
strongly urge my colleagues to do the 
right thing and support this legisla-
tion. 
Madam Speaker, versions of this bi-
partisan bill have lain before this 
House and the Senate for nearly 2 dec-
ades, passing each body several times. 
It is time to finally push this legisla-
tion across the finish line so that 
Tribes can finally move to effectively- 
managed programs for their people. 
I urge my colleagues to show their 
support for Tribal self-governance and 
Tribal sovereignty by passing S. 209, 
the PROGRESS for Indian Tribes Act. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by 
the gentlewoman from New Mexico 
(Ms. HAALAND) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, S. 209. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was 
passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
BLACKWATER TRADING POST 
LAND TRANSFER ACT 
Ms. HAALAND. Madam Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 3160) to direct the Secretary 
of the Interior to take certain land lo-
cated in Pinal County, Arizona, into 
trust for the benefit of the Gila River 
Indian Community, and for other pur-
poses. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3160 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Blackwater 
Trading Post Land Transfer Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: 
(1) BLACKWATER TRADING POST LAND.—The 
term 
‘‘Blackwater 
Trading 
Post 
Land’’ 
means the approximately 55.3 acres of land 
as depicted on the map that— 
(A) is located in Pinal County, Arizona, 
and bordered by Community land to the east, 
west, and north and State Highway 87 to the 
south; and 
(B) is owned by the Community. 
(2) COMMUNITY.—The term ‘‘Community’’ 
means the Gila River Indian Community of 
the Reservation. 
(3) MAP.—The term ‘‘map’’ means the map 
entitled ‘‘Results of Survey, Ellis Property, 
A Portion of the West 1⁄2 of Section 12, Town-
ship 5 South, Range 7 East, Gila and Salt 
River Meridian, Pinal County, Arizona’’ and 
dated October 15, 2012. 
(4) RESERVATION.—The term ‘‘Reservation’’ 
means the land located within the exterior 
boundaries of the reservation created under 
sections 3 and 4 of the Act of February 28, 
1859 (11 Stat. 401, chapter LXVI), and Execu-
tive orders of August 31, 1876, June 14, 1879, 
May 5, 1882, November 15, 1883, July 31, 1911, 
June 2, 1913, August 27, 1914, and July 19, 
1915, and any other lands placed in trust for 
the benefit of the Community. 
(5) 
SECRETARY.—The 
term 
‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of the Interior. 
SEC. 3. LAND TAKEN INTO TRUST FOR BENEFIT 
OF THE GILA RIVER INDIAN COMMU-
NITY. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall take 
the Blackwater Trading Post land into trust 
for the benefit of the Community, after the 
Community— 
(1) conveys to the Secretary all right, title, 
and interest of the Community in and to the 
Blackwater Trading Post Land; 
(2) submits to the Secretary a request to 
take the Blackwater Trading Post Land into 
trust for the benefit of the Community; 
(3) conducts a survey (to the satisfaction of 
the Secretary) to determine the exact acre-
age and legal description of the Blackwater 
Trading Post Land, if the Secretary deter-
mines a survey is necessary; and 
(4) pays all costs of any survey conducted 
under paragraph (3). 
(b) AVAILABILITY OF MAP.—Not later than 
180 days after the Blackwater Trading Post 
Land is taken into trust under subsection 
(a), the map shall be on file and available for 
public inspection in the appropriate offices 
of the Secretary. 
(c) LANDS TAKEN INTO TRUST PART OF RES-
ERVATION.—After the date on which the 
Blackwater Trading Post Land is taken into 
trust under subsection (a), the land shall be 
treated as part of the Reservation. 
(d) GAMING.—Class II and class III gaming 
under the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act (25 
U.S.C. 2701 et seq.) shall not be allowed at 
any time on the land taken into trust under 
subsection (a). 
(e) DESCRIPTION.—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the 
Secretary shall cause the full metes-and- 
bounds description of the Blackwater Trad-
ing Post Land to be published in the Federal 
Register. The description shall, on publica-
tion, constitute the official description of 
the Blackwater Trading Post Land. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from 
New Mexico (Ms. HAALAND) and the 
gentlewoman from Wyoming (Ms. CHE-
NEY) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from New Mexico. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:15 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00009
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K21SE7.003
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 8-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4558 
September 21, 2020 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Ms. HAALAND. Madam Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-
bers may have 5 legislative days in 
which to revise and extend their re-
marks, and include extraneous mate-
rial on the measure under consider-
ation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-
woman from New Mexico? 
There was no objection. 
Ms. HAALAND. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Madam Speaker, H.R. 3160, intro-
duced by our colleague, Representative 
TOM O’HALLERAN of Arizona, author-
izes the United States to place 55.3 
acres of historically and culturally sig-
nificant land into trust on behalf of the 
Gila River Indian Community of Ari-
zona. 
This parcel of land is commonly re-
ferred to as the Blackwater Trading 
Post Land, because it once contained 
the Ellis family’s Blackwater Trading 
Post, which sold goods to members of 
the Gila River Indian Community since 
the 1930s. 
After purchasing the trading post in 
2010, the community found around 1,000 
cultural artifacts on the property, in-
cluding 126 Akimel O’odham baskets. 
Following this discovery, the commu-
nity decided to apply to take the parcel 
of land into trust. 
However, legislation is required for 
this exchange, as the community’s 2004 
water rights settlement explicitly re-
quires that any lands located outside of 
the community’s existing reservation 
boundaries be taken into trust through 
Congressional action. 
Passage of H.R. 3160 will ultimately 
allow the community to preserve a 
piece of their heritage by incorporating 
this contiguous parcel of land into its 
reservation land base. 
Madam Speaker, I want to thank 
Representative 
O’HALLERAN
for 
his 
work on this legislation, and urge my 
colleagues to support the bill, and I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Ms. CHENEY. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in support of 
H.R. 3160, the Blackwater Trading Post 
Land Transfer Act. This bill would 
place, as my colleague said, approxi-
mately 55 acres of land in Arizona into 
trust for the Gila River Indian Commu-
nity. 
These 
lands 
and 
the 
former 
Blackwater Trading Post have a his-
toric connection to the Tribe, as the 
trading post served many Tribal mem-
bers since at least the 1930s. 
In 2010, the Tribe purchased the 
Blackwater Trading Post and sur-
rounding lands after the former owners 
retired. 
Under the 2004 Arizona Water Rights 
Settlement Act, the Tribe cannot ac-
quire off-reservation lands into trust 
absent an act of Congress. Therefore, 
we need to pass this legislation. 
Madam Speaker, I urge the adoption 
of this measure and I urge my col-
leagues to support the legislation. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Ms. HAALAND. Madam Speaker, I 
urge my colleagues to support the leg-
islation and I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by 
the gentlewoman from New Mexico 
(Ms. HAALAND) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3160. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was 
passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
REPUBLIC OF TEXAS LEGATION 
MEMORIAL ACT 
Ms. HAALAND. Madam Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 3349) to authorize the Daugh-
ters of the Republic of Texas to estab-
lish the Republic of Texas Legation 
Memorial as a commemorative work in 
the District of Columbia, and for other 
purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3349 
SEC. 2. AUTHORIZATION TO ESTABLISH COM-
MEMORATIVE WORK. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Daughters of the Re-
public of Texas may establish a commemora-
tive work on Federal land in the District of 
Columbia and its environs to commemorate 
and honor those who, as representatives of 
the Republic of Texas, served in the District 
of Columbia as diplomats to the United 
States and made possible the annexation of 
Texas as the twenty-eighth State of the 
United States. 
(b) COMPLIANCE WITH STANDARDS FOR COM-
MEMORATIVE WORKS.—The establishment of 
the commemorative work under this section 
shall be in accordance with chapter 89 of 
title 40, United States Code (commonly 
known 
as 
the 
‘‘Commemorative 
Works 
Act’’). 
(c) PROHIBITION
ON
THE USE
OF FEDERAL 
FUNDS.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Federal funds may not be 
used to pay any expense of the establishment 
of the commemorative work under this sec-
tion. 
(2) RESPONSIBILITY
OF
THE
DAUGHTERS
OF 
THE REPUBLIC OF TEXAS.—The Daughters of 
the Republic of Texas shall be solely respon-
sible for acceptance of contributions for, and 
payment of the expenses of, the establish-
ment of the commemorative work under this 
section. 
(d) DEPOSIT OF EXCESS FUNDS.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—If upon payment of all ex-
penses for the establishment of the memorial 
(including the maintenance and preservation 
amount required by section 8906(b)(1) of title 
40, United States Code), there remains a bal-
ance of funds received for the establishment 
of the commemorative work, the Daughters 
of the Republic of Texas shall transmit the 
amount of the balance to the Secretary of 
the Interior for deposit in the account pro-
vided for in section 8906(b)(3) of title 40, 
United States Code. 
(2) ON EXPIRATION OF AUTHORITY.—If upon 
expiration of the authority for the com-
memorative work under section 8903(e) of 
title 40, United States Code, there remains a 
balance of funds received for the establish-
ment of the commemorative work, the 
Daughters of the Republic of Texas shall 
transmit the balance to a separate account 
with the National Park Foundation for me-
morials, to be available to the Secretary of 
the Interior or the Administrator (as appro-
priate) following the process provided in sec-
tion 8906(b)(4) of title 40, United States Code, 
for 
accounts 
established 
under 
section 
8906(b)(2) or (3) of title 40, United States 
Code. 
SEC. 3. DETERMINATION OF BUDGETARY EF-
FECTS. 
The budgetary effects of this Act, for the 
purpose of complying with the Statutory 
Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010, shall be deter-
mined by reference to the latest statement 
titled ‘‘Budgetary Effects of PAYGO Legisla-
tion’’ for this Act, submitted for printing in 
the Congressional Record by the Chairman of 
the House Budget Committee, provided that 
such statement has been submitted prior to 
the vote on passage. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from 
New Mexico (Ms. HAALAND) and the 
gentlewoman from Wyoming (Ms. CHE-
NEY) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from New Mexico. 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Ms. HAALAND. Madam Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-
bers may have 5 legislative days in 
which to revise and extend their re-
marks, and include extraneous mate-
rial on the measure under consider-
ation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-
woman from New Mexico? 
There was no objection. 
Ms. HAALAND. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in support of 
H.R. 3349, the Republic of Texas Lega-
tion Memorial Act, introduced by Rep-
resentative LLOYD DOGGETT. 
This bill would authorize the Daugh-
ters of the Republic of Texas to estab-
lish a commemorative work to honor 
the representatives of the Republic of 
Texas who served here in the District 
of Columbia as diplomats to the United 
States. 
Shortly after Texas declared its inde-
pendence from Mexico in 1836, the Re-
public of Texas sent diplomats to sev-
eral countries to represent the Repub-
lic’s interests. Among other things, 
these diplomats advocated for protec-
tion from Mexico, financial assistance, 
and annexation by the United States. 
London and Paris have each erected 
commemorative works to recognize the 
role their Texas legations played in 
their countries, and it seems only fit-
ting to install one here in the capital 
of the country proud to claim Texas as 
its own. 
Madam Speaker, I would like to 
thank Representative DOGGETT for his 
efforts to elevate this unique and often 
untold story of our Nation’s history, 
and urge my colleagues to support this 
bill. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:15 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00010
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K21SE7.007
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 9-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4559 
September 21, 2020 
Ms. CHENEY. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in support of 
this legislation. H.R. 3349 would au-
thorize the Daughters of the Republic 
of Texas to establish the Republic of 
Texas Legation Memorial on Federal 
land in the District of Columbia, com-
memorating those who, as representa-
tives of the Republic of Texas, served 
in Washington, D.C., as diplomats to 
the United States, and made possible 
the annexation of Texas as the 28th 
State. 
Texas legation sites in Paris and 
London have been recognized with his-
torical markers for many years, but 
never here in Washington, D.C. The 
Texas diplomatic ministers who came 
to Washington worked out of the 
boarding houses in which they lived. 
Eight boarding houses have been iden-
tified with varying degrees of sup-
porting evidence. This bill would allow 
the Daughters of the Republic of Texas 
to place memorial plaques in honor of 
these diplomats. 
Madam Speaker, I urge the adoption 
of this measure, and I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Ms. HAALAND. Madam Speaker, I 
yield such time as he may consume to 
the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DOG-
GETT). 
Mr. DOGGETT. Madam Speaker, I 
rise in support of this bill, which I au-
thored, to authorize the Daughters of 
the Republic of Texas to establish this 
commemorative work here in the Dis-
trict of Columbia honoring the Repub-
lic of Texas Legation. 
This is a bipartisan effort supported 
by a number of my colleagues from 
Texas, 
as 
well 
as 
Representative 
HOLMES
NORTON, who represents the 
area where the memorial will reside. 
And it has the approval, initially, of 
the subcommittee which my colleague, 
Ms. HAALAND, chairs. 
The history of the Texas Legation 
and its significance to American his-
tory is as broad as the pride held by 
present-day Texans over a time when 
we were once an independent Republic. 
The district that I now represent in-
cludes the historic Alamo in San Anto-
nio. With the battle cries of ‘‘Remem-
ber 
the 
Alamo,’’ 
and 
‘‘Remember 
Goliad,’’ Texas won its independence 
on March 2, 1836. And as most Texans 
are aware, for almost a decade there-
after, Texas was a whole other country, 
an independent Nation with the same 
independent spirit that pervades our 
State today. 
What are frequently less discussed 
are the diplomatic efforts stretching 
over almost a decade by this young 
new Nation, sending emissaries to Eu-
rope and to Washington. At multiple 
times from 1836 to 1845, the Texas Le-
gation negotiated the terms by which 
Texas would become a part of the 
United States. 
While everything is still bigger in 
Texas, the territory of the Republic of 
Texas, as a sovereign independent Na-
tion, was much more than the current 
State of Texas. Indeed, it included 
parts of New Mexico, including Albu-
querque, Oklahoma, Kansas, Colorado, 
and even Wyoming. How different 
America would be today had not this 
huge part of the center of our country 
been incorporated into the United 
States. 
The young Republic of Texas had 
many debts and many challenges from 
abroad. My own home in East Austin is 
only a few blocks away from the his-
toric French Legation, this is the place 
that the diplomats from France used to 
establish their formal diplomatic rela-
tions with the Nation of Texas. Texans 
in turn established legations abroad to 
negotiate terms of trade and recogni-
tion with multiple European countries. 
Most importantly, the Texas delega-
tion came here on the very difficult 
journey to Washington. 
Today, we find the plaques about the 
work of the Texas Legation in London 
and Paris, but not yet here in Wash-
ington, where the Legation’s effort had 
its most profound effect. 
Here in this area the Legation oper-
ated from a number of houses, boarding 
houses, some near the present-day Na-
tional Archives and the Navy Memo-
rial, which is appropriate since one of 
the diplomats involved, Mr. Memucan 
Hunt, who also served as secretary of 
the fledgling Republic of Texas Navy. 
In Washington, the diplomats left 
their most significant legacy by nego-
tiating the terms of annexation in 1845 
when Texas became the 28th State to 
join the Union. That is why this bill 
approves a commemoration here. 
Most appropriately, this commemo-
ration is spearheaded by the Daughters 
of the Republic of Texas, our State’s 
oldest patriotic women’s organization 
committed to the preservation of Texas 
heritage and historic sites. They will 
work together with our National Park 
Service to develop and design a loca-
tion here that is appropriate within 
Washington D.C. 
Madam Speaker, I would like to ex-
tend a special thanks to Kitty Hoeck, 
she has led the way as the historian of 
the Elisabet Ney Chapter, that includes 
the Daughters in the District, Virginia, 
and Maryland, for her commitment to 
this effort. I ask that she be particu-
larly recognized in connection with 
this work, along with other representa-
tives of the Daughters. 
The history of the Texas Legation 
did not end with the annexation of 
Texas in 1845. Today, it lives on in the 
strength of multicultural and multi-
lingual communities across the Lone 
Star State. They have made our State 
so dynamic. 
With this commemoration, those who 
visit our capital will have the oppor-
tunity to learn about a turning point 
in the history of Texas and in the his-
tory of the United States, and reflect 
on the sacrifices by the diplomats who 
made this possible. 
Madam Speaker, I urge approval of 
the resolution, and thank both of my 
colleagues for their support. 
b 1230 
Ms. CHENEY. Madam Speaker, I 
have no further speakers, and I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Ms. HAALAND. Madam Speaker, I 
urge my colleagues to support the leg-
islation, and I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by 
the gentlewoman from New Mexico 
(Ms. HAALAND) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3349, as 
amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as 
amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
FALLEN JOURNALISTS MEMORIAL 
ACT 
Ms. HAALAND. Madam Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 3465) to authorize the Fallen 
Journalists Memorial Foundation to 
establish a commemorative work in 
the District of Columbia and its envi-
rons, and for other purposes, as amend-
ed. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3465 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Fallen Jour-
nalists Memorial Act’’. 
SEC. 2. AUTHORIZATION TO ESTABLISH COM-
MEMORATIVE WORK. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Fallen Journalists 
Memorial Foundation may establish a com-
memorative work on Federal land in the Dis-
trict of Columbia and its environs to com-
memorate America’s commitment to a free 
press by honoring journalists who sacrificed 
their lives in service to that cause. 
(b) COMPLIANCE WITH STANDARDS FOR COM-
MEMORATIVE WORKS.—The establishment of 
the commemorative work under this section 
shall be in accordance with chapter 89 of 
title 40, United States Code (commonly 
known 
as 
the 
‘‘Commemorative 
Works 
Act’’). 
(c) 
PROHIBITION
ON
USE
OF
FEDERAL 
FUNDS.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Federal funds may not be 
used to pay any expense of the establishment 
of the commemorative work under this sec-
tion. 
(2) RESPONSIBILITY OF THE FALLEN JOURNAL-
ISTS
MEMORIAL
FOUNDATION.—The 
Fallen 
Journalists Memorial Foundation shall be 
solely responsible for acceptance of contribu-
tions for, and payment of the expenses of, 
the establishment of the commemorative 
work under this section. 
(d) DEPOSIT OF EXCESS FUNDS.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—If upon payment of all ex-
penses for the establishment of the com-
memorative work (including the mainte-
nance and preservation amount required by 
section 8906(b)(1) of title 40, United States 
Code), there remains a balance of funds re-
ceived for the establishment of the com-
memorative work, the Fallen Journalists 
Memorial Foundation shall transmit the 
amount of the balance to the Secretary of 
the Interior for deposit in the account pro-
vided for in section 8906(b)(3) of title 40, 
United States Code. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:15 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00011
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K21SE7.009
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 10-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4560 
September 21, 2020 
(2) ON EXPIRATION OF AUTHORITY.—If upon 
expiration of the authority for the com-
memorative work under section 8903(e) of 
title 40, United States Code, there remains a 
balance of funds received for the establish-
ment of the commemorative work, the Fall-
en Journalists Memorial Foundation shall 
transmit the amount of the balance to a sep-
arate account with the National Park Foun-
dation for memorials, to be available to the 
Secretary of the Interior or Administrator 
(as appropriate) following the process pro-
vided in section 8906(b)(4) of title 40, United 
States Code, for accounts established under 
section 8906(b)(2) or (3) of title 40, United 
States Code. 
SEC. 3. DETERMINATION OF BUDGETARY EF-
FECTS. 
The budgetary effects of this Act, for the 
purpose of complying with the Statutory 
Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010, shall be deter-
mined by reference to the latest statement 
titled ‘‘Budgetary Effects of PAYGO Legisla-
tion’’ for this Act, submitted for printing in 
the Congressional Record by the Chairman of 
the House Budget Committee, provided that 
such statement has been submitted prior to 
the vote on passage. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from 
New Mexico (Ms. HAALAND) and the 
gentlewoman from Wyoming (Ms. CHE-
NEY) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from New Mexico. 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Ms. HAALAND. I ask unanimous con-
sent that all Members may have 5 leg-
islative days in which to revise and ex-
tend their remarks and include extra-
neous material on the measure under 
consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-
woman from New Mexico? 
There was no objection. 
Ms. HAALAND. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
I rise in support of H.R. 3465, the 
Fallen Journalists Memorial Act intro-
duced by my fellow committee mem-
ber, Representative NAPOLITANO. 
This bill would authorize a memorial 
to 
honor 
the 
reporters, 
photojournalists, 
producers, 
editors, 
and countless others who have lost 
their lives while performing their jobs. 
Every day, journalists at home and 
abroad place their lives at risk in pur-
suit of the truth and in defense of our 
First Amendment right to a free and 
independent press. 
In 2018 alone, nearly 80 journalists 
from around the world were murdered 
in their line of work. Yet, with the clo-
sure of the Newseum earlier this year, 
there is no memorial that commemo-
rates those who have paid the ultimate 
sacrifice while fulfilling their duty to 
deliver the news. 
The memorial envisioned in H.R. 3465 
would be a fitting tribute to their sac-
rifices and an affirmation of our Na-
tion’s commitment to a free press. 
I strongly urge my colleagues to sup-
port this bill, and I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. CHENEY. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Madam Speaker, H.R. 3465 would au-
thorize the Fallen Journalists Memo-
rial Foundation to establish a com-
memorative work on Federal land to 
commemorate the sacrifices made by 
journalists for a free and independent 
press. 
This bill requires the Fallen Journal-
ists Memorial Foundation to follow the 
standard legal framework established 
by the Commemorative Works Act for 
the 
placement 
of 
commemorative 
works on Federal land in the District 
of Columbia. 
According to the Committee to Pro-
tect Journalists, 1,382 journalists have 
been killed since 1992 as a result of 
their work in combat or crossfire or 
while carrying out dangerous assign-
ments. Hundreds more each year are 
attacked, imprisoned, and tortured. 
Threats and attacks against journal-
ists are not new, but today journalists 
face an increasingly hostile environ-
ment. H.R. 3465 was introduced 1 year 
after the deadliest attack on journal-
ists in modern United States history 
when five Capital Gazette employees 
were killed in their Annapolis, Mary-
land, newsroom on June 28, 2018. 
Madam Speaker, this memorial will 
stand as an important reminder of the 
First Amendment and the vital impor-
tance that a free and independent press 
plays in defending all of our rights. 
I urge adoption of the measure, and I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. HAALAND. Madam Speaker, I 
urge my colleagues to support the leg-
islation, and I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by 
the gentlewoman from New Mexico 
(Ms. HAALAND) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3465, as 
amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as 
amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
NATIVE AMERICAN CHILD 
PROTECTION ACT 
Ms. HAALAND. Madam Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 4957) to amend the Indian 
Child Protection and Family Violence 
Prevention Act, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4957 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Native 
American Child Protection Act’’. 
SEC. 2. INDIAN CHILD PROTECTION AND FAMILY 
VIOLENCE 
PREVENTION 
ACT 
AMENDMENTS. 
The Indian Child Protection and Family 
Violence Prevention Act (25 U.S.C. 3202 et 
seq.) is amended as follows: 
(1) By amending section 403(3)(A) (25 U.S.C. 
3202(3)(A)) to read as follows: 
‘‘(A) in any case in which— 
‘‘(i)(I) a child is dead or exhibits evidence 
of skin bruising, bleeding, malnutrition, fail-
ure to thrive, burns, fracture of any bone, 
subdural hematoma, soft tissue swelling; and 
‘‘(II) such condition is not justifiably ex-
plained or may not be the product of an acci-
dental occurrence; or 
‘‘(ii) a child is subjected to sexual assault, 
sexual molestation, sexual exploitation, sex-
ual contact, or prostitution;’’. 
(2) In section 409 (25 U.S.C. 3208)— 
(A) in subsection (a)— 
(i) by striking ‘‘The Secretary of Health 
and Human Services, acting through the 
Service and in cooperation with the Bureau’’ 
and inserting ‘‘The Service, in cooperation 
with the Bureau’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘sexual abuse’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘abuse or neglect’’; 
(B) in subsection (b) through the end of the 
section, by striking ‘‘Secretary of Health 
and Human Services’’ each place it appears 
and inserting ‘‘Service’’; 
(C) in subsection (b)(1), by inserting after 
‘‘Any Indian tribe or intertribal consortium’’ 
the following: ‘‘, on its own or in partnership 
with an urban Indian organization,’’; 
(D) in subsections (b)(2)(B) and (d), by 
striking ‘‘such Secretary’’ each place it ap-
pears and inserting ‘‘the Service’’; 
(E) by amending subsection (c) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(c) 
CULTURALLY
APPROPRIATE
TREAT-
MENT.—In awarding grants under this sec-
tion, the Service shall encourage the use of 
culturally appropriate treatment services 
and programs that respond to the unique cul-
tural values, customs, and traditions of ap-
plicant Indian Tribes.’’; 
(F) in subsection (d)(2), by striking ‘‘the 
Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘the Service’’; 
(G) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-
section (f); 
(H) by inserting after subsection (d) the 
following: 
‘‘(e) REPORT.—Not later than 2 years after 
the date of the enactment of the Native 
American Child Protection Act, the Service 
shall submit a report to Congress on the 
award of grants under this section. The re-
port shall contain— 
‘‘(1) a description of treatment and services 
for which grantees have used funds awarded 
under this section; and 
‘‘(2) any other information that the Serv-
ice requires.’’; and 
(I) by amending subsection (f) (as so redes-
ignated by subparagraph (G) of this para-
graph), to read as follows: 
‘‘(f) AUTHORIZATION
OF APPROPRIATIONS.— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to 
carry out this section $30,000,000 for each of 
fiscal years 2021 through 2026.’’. 
(3) In section 410 (25 U.S.C. 3209)— 
(A) in the heading— 
(i) by inserting ‘‘NATIONAL’’ before ‘‘IN-
DIAN’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘CENTERS’’ and inserting 
‘‘CENTER’’; 
(B) by amending subsections (a) and (b) to 
read as follows: 
‘‘(a) ESTABLISHMENT.—Not later than one 
year after the date of the enactment of the 
Native American Child Protection Act, the 
Secretary shall establish a National Indian 
Child Resource and Family Services Center. 
‘‘(b) REPORT.—Not later than 2 years after 
the date of the enactment of the Native 
American Child Protection Act, the Sec-
retary of the Interior, acting through the 
Bureau of Indian Affairs, shall submit a re-
port to Congress on the status of the Na-
tional Indian Child Resource and Family 
Services Center.’’; 
(C) in subsection (c)— 
(i) by striking ‘‘Each’’ and inserting 
‘‘The’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:15 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00012
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A21SE7.011
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 11-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4561 
September 21, 2020 
(ii) by striking ‘‘multidisciplinary’’; 
(D) in subsection (d)— 
(i) in the text before paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘Each’’ and inserting ‘‘The’’; 
(ii) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and 
inter-tribal consortia’’ and inserting ‘‘inter- 
tribal consortia, and urban Indian organiza-
tions’’; 
(iii) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘urban 
Indian organizations,’’ after ‘‘tribal organi-
zations,’’; 
(iv) in paragraph (3)— 
(I) by inserting ‘‘and technical assistance’’ 
after training; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘and to tribal organiza-
tions’’ and inserting ‘‘, Tribal organizations, 
and urban Indian organizations’’; 
(v) in paragraph (4)— 
(I) by inserting ‘‘, State,’’ after ‘‘Federal’’; 
and 
(II) by striking ‘‘and tribal’’ and inserting 
‘‘Tribal, and urban Indian’’; and 
(vi) by amending paragraph (5) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(5) 
develop 
model 
intergovernmental 
agreements between Tribes and States, and 
other materials that provide examples of 
how Federal, State, and Tribal governments 
can develop effective relationships and pro-
vide for maximum cooperation in the fur-
therance of prevention, investigation, treat-
ment, and prosecution of incidents of family 
violence and child abuse and child neglect 
involving Indian children and families.’’; and 
(E) in subsection (e)— 
(i) in the heading, by striking ‘‘MULTIDISCI-
PLINARY TEAM’’ and inserting ‘‘TEAM’’; 
(ii) in the text before paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘Each multidisciplinary’’ and in-
serting ‘‘The’’; and 
(F) by amending subsections (f), (g), and (h) 
to read as follows: 
‘‘(f) CENTER ADVISORY BOARD.—The Sec-
retary shall establish an advisory board to 
advise and assist the National Indian Child 
Resource and Family Services Center in car-
rying out its activities under this section. 
The advisory board shall consist of 12 mem-
bers appointed by the Secretary from Indian 
Tribes, Tribal organizations, and urban In-
dian organizations with expertise in child 
abuse and child neglect. Members shall serve 
without compensation, but may be reim-
bursed for travel and other expenses while 
carrying out the duties of the board. The ad-
visory board shall assist the Center in co-
ordinating programs, identifying training 
and technical assistance materials, and de-
veloping intergovernmental agreements re-
lating to family violence, child abuse, and 
child neglect. 
‘‘(g) APPLICATION
OF INDIAN SELF-DETER-
MINATION ACT TO THE CENTER.—The National 
Indian Child Resource and Family Services 
Center shall be subject to the provisions of 
the Indian Self-Determination Act. The Sec-
retary may also contract for the operation of 
the Center with a nonprofit Indian organiza-
tion governed by an Indian-controlled board 
of directors that have substantial experience 
in child abuse, child neglect, and family vio-
lence involving Indian children and families. 
‘‘(h) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to 
carry out this section $3,000,000 for each of 
fiscal years 2021 through 2026.’’. 
(4) In section 411 (25 U.S.C. 3210)— 
(A) in subsection (d)— 
(i) in paragraph (1)— 
(I) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘abuse 
and child neglect’’ and inserting ‘‘abuse, ne-
glect, or both’’; 
(II) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; and 
(III) by inserting after subparagraph (C), 
the following: 
‘‘(D) development of agreements between 
Tribes, States, or private agencies on the co-
ordination of child abuse and neglect preven-
tion, investigation, and treatment services; 
‘‘(E) child protective services operational 
costs including transportation, risk and pro-
tective factors assessments, family engage-
ment and kinship navigator services, and rel-
ative searches, criminal background checks 
for prospective placements, and home stud-
ies; and 
‘‘(F) development of a Tribal child protec-
tion or multidisciplinary team to assist in 
the prevention and investigation of child 
abuse and neglect;’’; 
(ii) in paragraph (2)— 
(I) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘in 
culturally appropriate ways’’ after ‘‘inci-
dents of family violence’’; and 
(II) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘that 
may include culturally appropriate pro-
grams’’ after ‘‘training programs’’; and 
(iii) in paragraph (3)— 
(I) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘and 
neglect’’ after ‘‘abuse’’; and 
(II) in subparagraph (B), by striking 
‘‘cases, to the extent practicable,’’ and in-
serting ‘‘and neglect cases’’; 
(B) in subsection (f)— 
(i) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘develop, 
in consultation with Indian tribes, appro-
priate caseload standards and staffing re-
quirements which are comparable to stand-
ards developed by the National Association 
of Social Work, the Child Welfare League of 
America and other professional associations 
in the field of social work and child welfare’’ 
and inserting ‘‘develop, not later than one 
year after the date of the enactment of the 
Native American Child Protection Act, in 
consultation with Indian Tribes, appropriate 
caseload standards and staffing require-
ments’’; 
(ii) in paragraph (3)(D), by striking ‘‘sexual 
abuse’’ and inserting ‘‘abuse and neglect, 
high incidence of family violence’’; 
(iii) by amending paragraph (4) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(4) The formula established pursuant to 
this subsection shall provide funding nec-
essary to support not less than one child pro-
tective services or family violence case-
worker, including fringe benefits and support 
costs, for each Indian Tribe.’’; and 
(iv) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘tribes’’ 
and inserting ‘‘Indian Tribes’’; 
(C) by amending subsection (g) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(g) REPORT.—Not later than 2 years after 
the date of the enactment of the Native 
American Child Protection Act, the Sec-
retary of the Interior, acting through the 
Bureau of Indian Affairs, shall submit a re-
port to Congress on the award of grants 
under this section. The report shall con-
tain— 
‘‘(1) a description of treatment and services 
for which grantees have used funds awarded 
under this section; and 
‘‘(2) any other information that the Sec-
retary of the Interior requires.’’; and 
(D) by amending subsection (i) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(i) AUTHORIZATION
OF APPROPRIATIONS.— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to 
carry out this section $60,000,000 for each of 
fiscal years 2021 through 2026.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from 
New Mexico (Ms. HAALAND) and the 
gentlewoman from Wyoming (Ms. CHE-
NEY) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from New Mexico. 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Ms. HAALAND. Madam Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-
bers may have 5 legislative days in 
which to revise and extend their re-
marks and include extraneous material 
on the measure under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-
woman from New Mexico? 
There was no objection. 
Ms. HAALAND. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Madam Speaker, H.R. 4957, intro-
duced 
by 
Representative 
RUBEN 
GALLEGO from Arizona, amends and re-
authorizes several programs within the 
Indian Child Protection and Family Vi-
olence Prevention Act in order to im-
prove the prevention, investigation, 
treatment, and prosecution of family 
violence, child abuse, and child neglect 
involving Native American children 
and families. 
There is an enormous need for family 
violence prevention and treatment re-
sources in Tribal communities. Native 
children experience child abuse and ne-
glect at an elevated rate, which leads 
many to require special education serv-
ices, to be more likely to be involved in 
the juvenile and criminal justice sys-
tems, and to have long-term mental 
health needs. 
The passage of H.R. 4957 will create 
technical assistance programs in the 
Bureau of Indian Affairs, allow for 
urban Indian organizations to partner 
with Tribal governments, and ensure 
culturally competent care. 
I thank subcommittee Chair RUBEN 
GALLEGO
for introducing and cham-
pioning this vitally important legisla-
tion, and I urge my colleagues to sup-
port H.R. 4957. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Ms. CHENEY. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Madam Speaker, H.R. 4957 reauthor-
ized three programs that are intended 
to prevent cases within our Indian 
communities of child abuse, neglect, 
family violence, and trauma, as well as 
providing treatment for victims of In-
dian child sexual abuse. 
The authorization for appropriations 
for these three programs expired in 
1997. This bill also makes important 
underlying technical changes to the 
statute, requiring agency reports on 
grant awards. 
Madam Speaker, while the Indian 
Child Protection and Family Violence 
Prevention Act is one of the only feder-
ally dedicated child abuse prevention 
and victim treatment programs pro-
viding funding for Tribal governments, 
Congress has only appropriated ap-
proximately $5 million for this pro-
gram. 
I am grateful to the sponsor for 
bringing our attention to this impor-
tant issue as we all work together to 
end abuse, neglect, and violence across 
our States and on our reservations. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Ms. HAALAND. Madam Speaker, I 
urge my colleagues to support the leg-
islation, and I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:15 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00013
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A21SE7.010
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 12-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4562 
September 21, 2020 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by 
the gentlewoman from New Mexico 
(Ms. HAALAND) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4957, as 
amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as 
amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
NATIVE AMERICAN BUSINESS 
INCUBATORS PROGRAM ACT 
Ms. HAALAND. Madam Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (S. 294) to establish a business in-
cubators program within the Depart-
ment of the Interior to promote eco-
nomic development in Indian reserva-
tion communities. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 294 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Native 
American 
Business 
Incubators 
Program 
Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds that— 
(1) entrepreneurs face specific challenges 
when transforming ideas into profitable busi-
ness enterprises; 
(2) entrepreneurs that want to provide 
products and services in reservation commu-
nities face an additional set of challenges 
that requires special knowledge; 
(3) a business incubator is an organization 
that assists entrepreneurs in navigating ob-
stacles that prevent innovative ideas from 
becoming viable businesses by providing 
services that include— 
(A) workspace and facilities resources; 
(B) access to capital, business education, 
and counseling; 
(C) networking opportunities; 
(D) mentorship opportunities; and 
(E) an environment intended to help estab-
lish and expand business operations; 
(4) the business incubator model is suited 
to accelerating entrepreneurship in reserva-
tion communities because the business incu-
bator model promotes collaboration to ad-
dress shared challenges and provides individ-
ually tailored services for the purpose of 
overcoming obstacles unique to each partici-
pating business; and 
(5) business incubators will stimulate eco-
nomic development by providing Native en-
trepreneurs with the tools necessary to grow 
businesses that offer products and services to 
reservation communities. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: 
(1) BUSINESS INCUBATOR.—The term ‘‘busi-
ness 
incubator’’ 
means 
an 
organization 
that— 
(A) provides physical workspace and facili-
ties resources to startups and established 
businesses; and 
(B) is designed to accelerate the growth 
and success of businesses through a variety 
of business support resources and services, 
including— 
(i) access to capital, business education, 
and counseling; 
(ii) networking opportunities; 
(iii) mentorship opportunities; and 
(iv) other services intended to aid in devel-
oping a business. 
(2) ELIGIBLE APPLICANT.—The term ‘‘eligi-
ble applicant’’ means an applicant eligible to 
apply for a grant under section 4(b). 
(3) INDIAN TRIBE.—The term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ 
has the meaning given the term in section 4 
of the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-
cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304). 
(4) INSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION.—The 
term ‘‘institution of higher education’’ has 
the meaning given the term in section 101 of 
the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 
1001). 
(5) NATIVE AMERICAN; NATIVE.—The terms 
‘‘Native American’’ and ‘‘Native’’ have the 
meaning given the term ‘‘Indian’’ in section 
4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-
cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304). 
(6) NATIVE
BUSINESS.—The term ‘‘Native 
business’’ means a business concern that is 
at least 51-percent owned and controlled by 1 
or more Native Americans. 
(7) NATIVE ENTREPRENEUR.—The term ‘‘Na-
tive entrepreneur’’ means an entrepreneur 
who is a Native American. 
(8) PROGRAM.—The term ‘‘program’’ means 
the program established under section 4(a). 
(9) RESERVATION.—The term ‘‘reservation’’ 
has the meaning given the term in section 3 
of the Indian Financing Act of 1974 (25 U.S.C. 
1452). 
(10) SECRETARY.—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of the Interior. 
(11) TRIBAL
COLLEGE
OR
UNIVERSITY.—The 
term ‘‘tribal college or university’’ has the 
meaning given the term ‘‘Tribal College or 
University’’ in section 316(b) of the Higher 
Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1059c(b)). 
SEC. 4. ESTABLISHMENT OF PROGRAM. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall es-
tablish a program in the Office of Indian En-
ergy 
and 
Economic 
Development 
under 
which the Secretary shall provide financial 
assistance in the form of competitive grants 
to eligible applicants for the establishment 
and operation of business incubators that 
serve reservation communities by providing 
business incubation and other business serv-
ices to Native businesses and Native entre-
preneurs. 
(b) ELIGIBLE APPLICANTS.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—To be eligible to receive a 
grant under the program, an applicant 
shall— 
(A) be— 
(i) an Indian tribe; 
(ii) a tribal college or university; 
(iii) an institution of higher education; or 
(iv) a private nonprofit organization or 
tribal nonprofit organization that— 
(I) provides business and financial tech-
nical assistance; and 
(II) will commit to serving 1 or more res-
ervation communities; 
(B) be able to provide the physical work-
space, equipment, and connectivity nec-
essary for Native businesses and Native en-
trepreneurs to collaborate and conduct busi-
ness on a local, regional, national, and inter-
national level; and 
(C) in the case of an entity described in 
clauses (ii) through (iv) of subparagraph (A), 
have been operational for not less than 1 
year before receiving a grant under the pro-
gram. 
(2) JOINT PROJECT.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—Two or more entities may 
submit a joint application for a project that 
combines the resources and expertise of 
those entities at a physical location dedi-
cated to assisting Native businesses and Na-
tive entrepreneurs under the program. 
(B) CONTENTS.—A joint application sub-
mitted under subparagraph (A) shall— 
(i) contain a certification that each partic-
ipant of the joint project is one of the eligi-
ble entities described in paragraph (1)(A); 
and 
(ii) demonstrate that together the partici-
pants meet the requirements of subpara-
graphs (B) and (C) of paragraph (1). 
(c) APPLICATION AND SELECTION PROCESS.— 
(1) APPLICATION REQUIREMENTS.—Each eli-
gible applicant desiring a grant under the 
program shall submit to the Secretary an ap-
plication at such time, in such manner, and 
containing such information as the Sec-
retary may require, including— 
(A) a certification that the applicant— 
(i) is an eligible applicant; 
(ii) will designate an executive director or 
program manager, if such director or man-
ager has not been designated, to manage the 
business incubator; and 
(iii) agrees— 
(I) to a site evaluation by the Secretary as 
part of the final selection process; 
(II) to an annual programmatic and finan-
cial examination for the duration of the 
grant; and 
(III) to the maximum extent practicable, 
to remedy any problems identified pursuant 
to the site evaluation under subclause (I) or 
an examination under subclause (II); 
(B) a description of the 1 or more reserva-
tion communities to be served by the busi-
ness incubator; 
(C) a 3-year plan that describes— 
(i) the number of Native businesses and Na-
tive entrepreneurs to be participating in the 
business incubator; 
(ii) whether the business incubator will 
focus on a particular type of business or in-
dustry; 
(iii) a detailed breakdown of the services to 
be offered to Native businesses and Native 
entrepreneurs participating in the business 
incubator; and 
(iv) a detailed breakdown of the services, if 
any, to be offered to Native businesses and 
Native entrepreneurs not participating in 
the business incubator; 
(D) information demonstrating the effec-
tiveness and experience of the eligible appli-
cant in— 
(i) conducting financial, management, and 
marketing assistance programs designed to 
educate or improve the business skills of cur-
rent or prospective businesses; 
(ii) working in and providing services to 
Native American communities; 
(iii) providing assistance to entities con-
ducting business in reservation commu-
nities; 
(iv) providing technical assistance under 
Federal business and entrepreneurial devel-
opment programs for which Native busi-
nesses and Native entrepreneurs are eligible; 
and 
(v) managing finances and staff effectively; 
and 
(E) a site description of the location at 
which the eligible applicant will provide 
physical workspace, including a description 
of the technologies, equipment, and other re-
sources that will be available to Native busi-
nesses and Native entrepreneurs partici-
pating in the business incubator. 
(2) EVALUATION CONSIDERATIONS.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—In evaluating each appli-
cation, the Secretary shall consider— 
(i) the ability of the eligible applicant— 
(I) to operate a business incubator that ef-
fectively imparts entrepreneurship and busi-
ness skills to Native businesses and Native 
entrepreneurs, as demonstrated by the expe-
rience and qualifications of the eligible ap-
plicant; 
(II) to commence providing services within 
a minimum period of time, to be determined 
by the Secretary; and 
(III) to provide quality incubation services 
to a significant number of Native businesses 
and Native entrepreneurs; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:15 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00014
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K21SE7.016
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 13-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4563 
September 21, 2020 
(ii) the experience of the eligible applicant 
in providing services in Native American 
communities, including in the 1 or more res-
ervation communities described in the appli-
cation; and 
(iii) the proposed location of the business 
incubator. 
(B) PRIORITY.— 
(i) IN GENERAL.—In evaluating the proposed 
location of the business incubator under sub-
paragraph (A)(iii), the Secretary shall— 
(I) consider the program goal of achieving 
broad geographic distribution of business in-
cubators; and 
(II) except as provided in clause (ii), give 
priority to eligible applicants that will pro-
vide business incubation services on or near 
the reservation of the 1 or more communities 
that were described in the application. 
(ii) EXCEPTION.—The Secretary may give 
priority to an eligible applicant that is not 
located on or near the reservation of the 1 or 
more communities that were described in the 
application if the Secretary determines 
that— 
(I) the location of the business incubator 
will not prevent the eligible applicant from 
providing quality business incubation serv-
ices to Native businesses and Native entre-
preneurs from the 1 or more reservation 
communities to be served; and 
(II) siting the business incubator in the 
identified location will serve the interests of 
the 1 or more reservation communities to be 
served. 
(3) SITE EVALUATION.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—Before making a grant to 
an eligible applicant, the Secretary shall 
conduct a site visit, evaluate a video submis-
sion, or evaluate a written site proposal (if 
the applicant is not yet in possession of the 
site) of the proposed site to ensure the pro-
posed site will permit the eligible applicant 
to meet the requirements of the program. 
(B) WRITTEN
SITE
PROPOSAL.—A written 
site proposal shall meet the requirements de-
scribed in paragraph (1)(E) and contain— 
(i) sufficient detail for the Secretary to en-
sure in the absence of a site visit or video 
submission that the proposed site will per-
mit the eligible applicant to meet the re-
quirements of the program; and 
(ii) a timeline describing when the eligible 
applicant will be— 
(I) in possession of the proposed site; and 
(II) operating the business incubator at the 
proposed site. 
(C) FOLLOWUP.—Not later than 1 year after 
awarding a grant to an eligible applicant 
that submits an application with a written 
site proposal, the Secretary shall conduct a 
site visit or evaluate a video submission of 
the site to ensure the site is consistent with 
the written site proposal. 
(d) ADMINISTRATION.— 
(1) DURATION.—Each grant awarded under 
the program shall be for a term of 3 years. 
(2) PAYMENT.— 
(A) IN
GENERAL.—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), the Secretary shall dis-
burse grant funds awarded to an eligible ap-
plicant in annual installments. 
(B) MORE
FREQUENT
DISBURSEMENTS.—On 
request by the applicant, the Secretary may 
make disbursements of grant funds more fre-
quently than annually, on the condition that 
disbursements shall be made not more fre-
quently than quarterly. 
(3) NON-FEDERAL CONTRIBUTIONS FOR INITIAL 
ASSISTANCE.— 
(A) IN
GENERAL.—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), an eligible applicant that 
receives a grant under the program shall pro-
vide non-Federal contributions in an amount 
equal to not less than 25 percent of the grant 
amount disbursed each year. 
(B) WAIVER.—The Secretary may waive, in 
whole or in part, the requirements of sub-
paragraph (A) with respect to an eligible ap-
plicant if, after considering the ability of the 
eligible applicant to provide non-Federal 
contributions, 
the 
Secretary 
determines 
that— 
(i) the proposed business incubator will 
provide quality business incubation services; 
and 
(ii) the 1 or more reservation communities 
to be served are unlikely to receive similar 
services because of remoteness or other rea-
sons that inhibit the provision of business 
and entrepreneurial development services. 
(4) RENEWALS.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary may renew 
a grant award under the program for a term 
not to exceed 3 years. 
(B) 
CONSIDERATIONS.—In 
determining 
whether to renew a grant award, the Sec-
retary shall consider with respect to the eli-
gible applicant— 
(i) the results of the annual evaluations of 
the eligible applicant under subsection (f)(1); 
(ii) the performance of the business incu-
bator of the eligible applicant, as compared 
to the performance of other business incuba-
tors receiving assistance under the program; 
(iii) whether the eligible applicant con-
tinues to be eligible for the program; and 
(iv) the evaluation considerations for ini-
tial awards under subsection (c)(2). 
(C) NON-FEDERAL
CONTRIBUTIONS
FOR
RE-
NEWALS.—An eligible applicant that receives 
a grant renewal under subparagraph (A) shall 
provide non-Federal contributions in an 
amount equal to not less than 33 percent of 
the total amount of the grant. 
(5) NO
DUPLICATIVE
GRANTS.—An eligible 
applicant shall not be awarded a grant under 
the program that is duplicative of existing 
Federal funding from another source. 
(e) PROGRAM REQUIREMENTS.— 
(1) USE OF FUNDS.—An eligible applicant re-
ceiving a grant under the program may use 
grant amounts— 
(A) to provide physical workspace and fa-
cilities for Native businesses and Native en-
trepreneurs participating in the business in-
cubator; 
(B) to establish partnerships with other in-
stitutions and entities to provide com-
prehensive business incubation services to 
Native businesses and Native entrepreneurs 
participating in the business incubator; and 
(C) for any other uses typically associated 
with business incubators that the Secretary 
determines to be appropriate and consistent 
with the purposes of the program. 
(2) MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS.—Each eligible 
applicant receiving a grant under the pro-
gram shall— 
(A) offer culturally tailored incubation 
services to Native businesses and Native en-
trepreneurs; 
(B) use a competitive process for selecting 
Native businesses and Native entrepreneurs 
to participate in the business incubator; 
(C) provide physical workspace that per-
mits Native businesses and Native entre-
preneurs to conduct business and collaborate 
with other Native businesses and Native en-
trepreneurs; 
(D) provide entrepreneurship and business 
skills training and education to Native busi-
nesses and Native entrepreneurs including— 
(i) financial education, including training 
and counseling in— 
(I) applying for and securing business cred-
it and investment capital; 
(II) preparing and presenting financial 
statements; and 
(III) managing cash flow and other finan-
cial operations of a business; 
(ii) 
management 
education, 
including 
training and counseling in planning, organi-
zation, staffing, directing, and controlling 
each major activity or function of a business 
or startup; and 
(iii) marketing education, including train-
ing and counseling in— 
(I) identifying and segmenting domestic 
and international market opportunities; 
(II) preparing and executing marketing 
plans; 
(III) locating contract opportunities; 
(IV) negotiating contracts; and 
(V) using varying public relations and ad-
vertising techniques; 
(E) provide direct mentorship or assistance 
finding mentors in the industry in which the 
Native business or Native entrepreneur oper-
ates or intends to operate; and 
(F) provide access to networks of potential 
investors, professionals in the same or simi-
lar fields, and other business owners with 
similar businesses. 
(3) TECHNOLOGY.—Each eligible applicant 
shall leverage technology to the maximum 
extent practicable to provide Native busi-
nesses and Native entrepreneurs with access 
to the connectivity tools needed to compete 
and thrive in 21st-century markets. 
(f) OVERSIGHT.— 
(1) ANNUAL EVALUATIONS.—Not later than 1 
year after the date on which the Secretary 
awards a grant to an eligible applicant under 
the program, and annually thereafter for the 
duration of the grant, the Secretary shall 
conduct an evaluation of, and prepare a re-
port on, the eligible applicant, which shall— 
(A) describe the performance of the eligible 
applicant; and 
(B) be used in determining the ongoing eli-
gibility of the eligible applicant. 
(2) ANNUAL REPORT.— 
(A) IN
GENERAL.—Not later than 1 year 
after the date on which the Secretary awards 
a grant to an eligible applicant under the 
program, and annually thereafter for the du-
ration of the grant, each eligible applicant 
receiving an award under the program shall 
submit to the Secretary a report describing 
the services the eligible applicant provided 
under the program during the preceding 
year. 
(B) REPORT CONTENT.—The report described 
in subparagraph (A) shall include— 
(i) a detailed breakdown of the Native busi-
nesses and Native entrepreneurs receiving 
services from the business incubator, includ-
ing, for the year covered by the report— 
(I) the number of Native businesses and 
Native entrepreneurs participating in or re-
ceiving services from the business incubator 
and the types of services provided to those 
Native businesses and Native entrepreneurs; 
(II) the number of Native businesses and 
Native entrepreneurs established and jobs 
created or maintained; and 
(III) the performance of Native businesses 
and Native entrepreneurs while participating 
in the business incubator and after gradua-
tion or departure from the business incu-
bator; and 
(ii) any other information the Secretary 
may require to evaluate the performance of 
a business incubator to ensure appropriate 
implementation of the program. 
(C) LIMITATIONS.—To the maximum extent 
practicable, the Secretary shall not require 
an eligible applicant to report under sub-
paragraph (A) information provided to the 
Secretary by the eligible applicant under 
other programs. 
(D) COORDINATION.—The Secretary shall co-
ordinate with the heads of other Federal 
agencies to ensure that, to the maximum ex-
tent practicable, the report content and form 
under subparagraphs (A) and (B) are con-
sistent with other reporting requirements 
for Federal programs that provide business 
and entrepreneurial assistance. 
(3) REPORT TO CONGRESS.— 
(A) IN
GENERAL.—Not later than 2 years 
after the date on which the Secretary first 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:15 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00015
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A21SE7.006
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 14-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4564 
September 21, 2020 
awards funding under the program, and bien-
nially thereafter, the Secretary shall submit 
to the Committee on Indian Affairs of the 
Senate and the Committee on Natural Re-
sources of the House of Representatives a re-
port on the performance and effectiveness of 
the program. 
(B) 
CONTENTS.—Each 
report 
submitted 
under subparagraph (A) shall— 
(i) account for each program year; and 
(ii) include with respect to each business 
incubator receiving grant funds under the 
program— 
(I) the number of Native businesses and 
Native entrepreneurs that received business 
incubation or other services; 
(II) the number of businesses established 
with the assistance of the business incu-
bator; 
(III) the number of jobs established or 
maintained by Native businesses and Native 
entrepreneurs receiving business incubation 
services, including a description of where the 
jobs are located with respect to reservation 
communities; 
(IV) to the maximum extent practicable, 
the amount of capital investment and loan 
financing accessed by Native businesses and 
Native entrepreneurs receiving business in-
cubation services; and 
(V) an evaluation of the overall perform-
ance of the business incubator. 
SEC. 5. REGULATIONS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall 
promulgate regulations to implement the 
program. 
SEC. 6. SCHOOLS TO BUSINESS INCUBATOR PIPE-
LINE. 
The Secretary shall facilitate the estab-
lishment of relationships between eligible 
applicants receiving funds through the pro-
gram and educational institutions serving 
Native American communities, including 
tribal colleges and universities. 
SEC. 7. AGENCY PARTNERSHIPS. 
The Secretary shall coordinate with the 
Secretary of Agriculture, the Secretary of 
Commerce, the Secretary of the Treasury, 
and the Administrator of the Small Business 
Administration to ensure, to the maximum 
extent practicable, that business incubators 
receiving grant funds under the program 
have the information and materials needed 
to provide Native businesses and Native en-
trepreneurs with the information and assist-
ance necessary to apply for business and en-
trepreneurial development programs admin-
istered by the Department of Agriculture, 
the Department of Commerce, the Depart-
ment of the Treasury, and the Small Busi-
ness Administration. 
SEC. 8. AUTHORIZATIONS OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to 
carry out the program $5,000,000 for each of 
fiscal years 2020 through 2024. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from 
New Mexico (Ms. HAALAND) and the 
gentlewoman from Wyoming (Ms. CHE-
NEY) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from New Mexico. 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Ms. HAALAND. Madam Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-
bers may have 5 legislative days in 
which to revise and extend their re-
marks and include extraneous material 
on the measure under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-
woman from New Mexico? 
There was no objection. 
Ms. HAALAND. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Madam Speaker, S. 294, introduced 
by Senator TOM UDALL from the great 
State of New Mexico, will establish a 
business incubators program within 
the Department of the Interior to pro-
mote entrepreneurship and economic 
development on Indian reservations. 
Indian Tribes face many unique ob-
stacles in their mission to bring indus-
try and economic development to In-
dian Country. The end result is an in-
creased cost of doing business in Indian 
Country, which stifles outside invest-
ment. 
Moreover, every entrepreneur faces 
challenges when transforming ideas 
into a profitable business. However, 
there are specific and unique chal-
lenges associated with establishing a 
business in Indian Country that put na-
tive entrepreneurs at a disadvantage. 
For example, much of the land in In-
dian Country is held in trust by the 
Federal 
Government. 
Consequently, 
the Secretary of the Interior must ap-
prove activities on these lands as part 
of the Federal trust responsibility, 
which creates added expenses and un-
certainty for Native entrepreneurs and 
their potential business partners. 
Additionally, since trust land cannot 
be alienated and cannot be used as col-
lateral to obtain financing, Native en-
trepreneurs must look to other meth-
ods of raising capital to start and grow 
their businesses. 
Finally, many Indian nations and 
reservations are located in rural, often 
remote, areas. The lack of infrastruc-
ture in these areas, including access to 
high-speed broadband, is another road-
block 
that 
prevents 
Native 
entre-
preneurs from succeeding. 
Enactment of S. 294 will enhance In-
dian Country’s ability to become more 
self-reliant by giving Native entre-
preneurs the tools they need to develop 
their businesses and create jobs in res-
ervation communities. 
These incubators will provide essen-
tial services, such as a workspace, a 
collaborative environment, comprehen-
sive business skills, training, and op-
portunities to build professional net-
works. 
Also, by involving institutions of 
higher learning in the incubator pro-
gram, including Tribal colleges and 
universities, the bill will establish the 
vital school-to-business pipeline that 
has been proven to be so successful for 
startups. 
I am proud to be the sponsor of the 
House version of this legislation, along 
with members of the Congressional Na-
tive American Caucus, Representatives 
TOM
COLE, DON
YOUNG, and NORMA 
TORRES, and I hope that my colleagues 
will join me in supporting S. 294. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Ms. CHENEY. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Madam Speaker, S. 294 recognizes the 
important role that business incuba-
tors can play in generating economic 
growth and economic activity and sup-
porting our Tribal businesses. I thank 
my colleague very much for bringing 
this legislation to the floor here in the 
House. 
As defined in this bill, Madam Speak-
er, a business incubator is an organiza-
tion that provides physical workspace 
and facilities resources to startups and 
established businesses. 
As my colleague has pointed out, 
there are many challenges that are 
unique to our Tribal communities that 
this bill will help to focus on and help 
members of our Tribes overcome. 
By offering services that range from 
workplace enhancement, comprehen-
sive skills training, and networking as-
sistance, business incubators have been 
a reliable and consistent solution to 
many of the challenges startup busi-
nesses face around the country and to 
many of the challenges that continue 
to plague Indian Country. 
Madam Speaker, I urge my col-
leagues to support this legislation, and 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
b 1245 
Ms. HAALAND. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Madam Speaker, because I won’t be 
here this afternoon, I would like to 
take a moment to speak on two signifi-
cant missing and murdered indigenous 
women bills coming to the floor today: 
S. 982, the Not Invisible Act, and S. 227, 
Savanna’s Act. 
Madam Speaker, I thank the major-
ity leader, Mr. HOYER, for ensuring 
these bills are heard today and high-
lighting this critical issue that has 
been overlooked for too long. 
First, S. 982, the Not Invisible Act, 
introduced by Senator CORTEZ MASTO 
of Nevada, will help combat the long-
standing missing and murdered indige-
nous women crisis. This bill will estab-
lish an advisory committee on violent 
crime to make recommendations to the 
Department of the Interior and Depart-
ment of Justice to establish best prac-
tices to combat the epidemic of miss-
ing persons, murder, and trafficking of 
Native Americans and Alaska Natives. 
It will also create a point person with-
in the Bureau of Indian Affairs charged 
with improving coordination of violent 
crime prevention efforts across Federal 
agencies. 
All this work will be undertaken 
with an understanding of the unique 
challenges faced by Tribal commu-
nities when combating crime, violence, 
and human trafficking. The advisory 
committee will be comprised of local 
law enforcement, Federal partners, 
service providers, and, most impor-
tantly, survivors and Tribal leaders. 
This bill is about including indige-
nous voices by putting Native Amer-
ican survivors in the driver’s seat on 
the crisis of missing and murdered in-
digenous women that has plagued Trib-
al communities for centuries. The Not 
Invisible Act is about elevating indige-
nous voices, because survivors of these 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:15 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00016
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A21SE7.006
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 15-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4565 
September 21, 2020 
horrific crimes and Tribal leaders 
know what is best for their own com-
munities. 
Throughout 
history, 
the 
Federal 
Government has told Tribes and Native 
people how they should approach issues 
on their own lands without inten-
tionally including their voices. Often, 
these one-sided solutions have fallen 
short or no real action was taken. I am 
here today to tell you that photo ops 
and empty promises are no longer 
enough. 
While there are many Federal pro-
grams and resources that can be used 
to combat violent crimes in Indian 
Country, there is no overarching plan 
or strategy to do so. There is little 
awareness or coordination of services, 
and Federal resources may not con-
sider the actual needs of American In-
dians 
and 
Alaska 
Natives. 
These 
unique cultural considerations and the 
complex framework of criminal juris-
diction on Tribal lands simply cannot 
be navigated by a one-size-fits-all ap-
proach. More importantly, a real solu-
tion will never be found without the 
voices of indigenous survivors, which is 
what is so special about this bill. 
The crisis of missing, murdered, and 
trafficked 
Native 
women 
has 
dev-
astated families and communities but 
has gone unaddressed throughout his-
tory. These losses are an open wound in 
our Tribal communities and add to the 
generational 
trauma 
facing 
Native 
American families that many of us 
have experienced. 
That is why my dear friends and col-
leagues, Representatives TOM
COLE, 
SHARICE
DAVIDS, 
and 
MARKWAYNE 
MULLIN, helped me introduce this bill 
in the House as the first bill in history 
to be sponsored by four federally recog-
nized Tribal members of the Pueblo of 
Laguna, the Chickasaw Nation, the Ho- 
Chunk Nation, and the Cherokee Na-
tion, respectively. 
Enactment of S. 982 will be one step 
toward finally acknowledging the pain 
that our families have felt and giving 
our survivors the platform that they 
need to begin healing the open wound 
Native American people, especially our 
women, have felt in this country for so 
long. 
My hope is that, together, we can use 
the Not Invisible Act to do just that: 
not be invisible anymore. 
The second bill that I would like to 
highlight is S. 227, Savanna’s Act. This 
bill was introduced by Senator MUR-
KOWSKI and is named in honor of Sa-
vanna Greywind, who was a 22-year-old 
member of the Spirit Lake Tribe. 
Savanna was 8 months pregnant 
when she was tragically murdered in 
August of 2017. At the time of her 
death, she had recently gotten a job as 
a nursing assistant and was looking 
forward to starting her family by wel-
coming her first child with her partner, 
Ashton, in North Dakota. However, 
this ended abruptly when Savanna was 
brutally strangled after having her 
child removed from her belly in a vio-
lent attack. 
Savanna was just one of the many 
Native American women who have been 
victims of the silent crisis of missing 
and murdered indigenous women in the 
United States. Native women experi-
ence murder rates 10 times higher than 
the national average, and murder is the 
third leading cause of death for Amer-
ican 
Indians 
and 
Alaska 
Natives. 
Eighty-four percent of Native women 
endure violence during their lifetime, 
and they are twice as likely to experi-
ence sexual assault or rape in their 
lifetimes than any other group. This is 
unacceptable. 
Even though these alarming rates 
persist, there are no reliable systems 
available to track this data or know 
exactly how many Native American 
women and girls go missing each year, 
because the databases that hold statis-
tics of these cases are outdated and 
there is a lack of coordination between 
local, State, and Tribal law enforce-
ment agencies. 
Savanna’s Act addresses these dis-
crepancies to find practical solutions 
to address the epidemic of missing and 
murdered indigenous women by approv-
ing Tribes’ access to Federal crime in-
formation 
databases, 
requiring 
the 
United States to track and publish 
data relating to the disappearance of 
our women, and providing training and 
technical assistance to Tribal law en-
forcement agencies to adequately re-
spond to these cases. 
Madam Speaker, I thank Representa-
tive NORMA TORRES for inviting me to 
colead this critical piece of legislation 
to help improve data collection of in-
digenous women where none exists to 
help law enforcement follow-up rates 
and response times for cases that take 
place on and off Tribal lands. 
Most importantly, this bill will help 
develop new guidelines to improve law 
enforcement 
communications 
with 
families of victims to disseminate in-
formation of cases involving their 
loved ones, which is crucial, because 
many times no efforts are made to up-
date families currently. 
To the former partner of Savanna, 
Ashton Matheny, and her daughter, 
Haisley Jo, who turned 3, 1 month ago 
today, I would like to send my sin-
cerest condolences to their family. 
While the passage of this bill will never 
make up for their devastating loss, I 
hope that it brings honor to Haisley’s 
mother, and know that it will impact 
generations to come. 
I am proud to be the sponsor and 
colead of the House versions of S. 982, 
the Not Invisible Act, and S. 227, Sa-
vanna’s Act, to help address the crisis 
of missing and murdered indigenous 
women. 
Madam Speaker, I urge my col-
leagues to join me in supporting both 
of these bills. 
Madam Speaker, I urge my col-
leagues to support the legislation, and 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by 
the gentlewoman from New Mexico 
(Ms. HAALAND) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, S. 294. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was 
passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
NULLIFYING 
SUPPLEMENTAL 
TREATY 
BETWEEN 
UNITED 
STATES OF AMERICA AND CON-
FEDERATED TRIBES AND BANDS 
OF INDIANS OF MIDDLE OREGON 
Ms. HAALAND. Madam Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (S. 832) to nullify the Supplemental 
Treaty Between the United States of 
America and the Confederated Tribes 
and Bands of Indians of Middle Oregon, 
concluded on November 15, 1865. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 832 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. NULLIFICATION OF TREATY. 
The Supplemental Treaty Between the 
United States of America and the Confed-
erated Tribes and Bands of Indians of Middle 
Oregon, concluded on November 15, 1865, and 
entered into pursuant to the Senate resolu-
tion of ratification dated March 2, 1867 (14 
Stat. 751), shall have no force or effect. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from 
New Mexico (Ms. HAALAND) and the 
gentlewoman from Wyoming (Ms. CHE-
NEY) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from New Mexico. 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Ms. HAALAND. Madam Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-
bers may have 5 legislative days in 
which to revise and extend their re-
marks and include extraneous material 
on the measure under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-
woman from New Mexico? 
There was no objection. 
Ms. HAALAND. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Madam Speaker, S. 832, introduced 
by Senator MERKLEY of Oregon, will 
nullify the supplemental treaty of 1865 
between the United States and the 
Confederated Tribes and Bands of Indi-
ans of Middle Oregon. 
The 
Warm 
Springs 
Confederated 
Tribe signed a treaty with the United 
States in 1855 in which they relin-
quished millions of acres of their land 
but reserved the Warm Springs Res-
ervation for their exclusive use, as well 
as off-reservation fishing, hunting, and 
gathering rights. 
After the treaty’s signing, the Tribes 
maintained their accustomed practice 
of traveling regularly to the Columbia 
River to harvest salmon. However, non- 
Indian settlers in the area convinced 
the Oregon Superintendent of Indian 
Affairs to pursue efforts to keep the 
Tribes away. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:15 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00017
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K21SE7.018
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 16-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4566 
September 21, 2020 
As a result, in 1865, a small number of 
Warm Springs members were fraudu-
lently made to sign a supplemental 
treaty that claimed to strip the Tribe’s 
off-reservation rights and to prohibit 
their members from leaving the res-
ervation without a written permit 
issued by the Federal Indian agent. 
Both 
the 
Indians 
of 
the 
Warm 
Springs Reservation and the United 
States Government recognized that 
this was a deceptive action and have 
consistently ignored the 1865 agree-
ment while also reaffirming the Tribes’ 
off-reservation treaty rights. Passage 
of S. 832 will finally officially correct 
this historic injustice and nullify the 
1865 treaty. 
Madam Speaker, I thank and con-
gratulate Senator MERKLEY
for his 
work on moving this bill through the 
Senate. I also want to thank our col-
league from Oregon, Representative 
GREG
WALDEN, for his work on the 
House version of the legislation. 
Madam Speaker, I urge quick adop-
tion of this bill, and I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Ms. CHENEY. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in support of 
S. 832. 
As my colleague has described, the 
bill would nullify an 1865 supplement to 
the 
Confederated 
Tribes 
of 
the 
Umatilla Reservation. It was signed 
after the original 1855 treaty. 
This supplemental treaty further re-
stricted the rights of Tribal members 
to the extent that, among other things, 
they could not leave the reservation 
without written permission from the 
Federal agency superintendent. 
According to the Tribe, this supple-
mental treaty was in response to non- 
Indian settler concerns with Tribal 
members using their usual and accus-
tomed areas to hunt and fish. 
The State of Oregon has indicated it 
has no intention of enforcing this anti-
quated and discriminatory treaty, but 
it does remain on the books, Madam 
Speaker, and I support the Tribes’ re-
quest to have it struck. 
Madam Speaker, I thank the sponsor 
of the House companion of this bill, 
Energy 
and 
Commerce 
Committee 
Ranking Member WALDEN, for his ef-
forts to see this offensive provision re-
moved. 
Madam Speaker, I urge the adoption 
of this measure, and I yield back the 
balance of my time. 
Ms. HAALAND. Madam Speaker, I 
urge my colleagues to support the leg-
islation, and I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by 
the gentlewoman from New Mexico 
(Ms. HAALAND) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, S. 832. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was 
passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
SPRINGFIELD RACE RIOT STUDY 
ACT 
Ms. HAALAND. Madam Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 139) to establish the Spring-
field 
Race 
Riot 
National 
Historic 
Monument in the State of Illinois, and 
for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 139 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Springfield 
Race Riot Study Act’’. 
SEC. 2. RESOURCE STUDY OF SPRINGFIELD RACE 
RIOT. 
(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) 
SECRETARY.—The 
term 
‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of the Interior. 
(2) STUDY
AREA.—The term ‘‘study area’’ 
means the archeological site near Madison 
Street and the 10th Street Rail Corridor, and 
other sites in Springfield, Illinois associated 
with the 1908 Springfield Race Riot. 
(b) SPECIAL RESOURCE STUDY.— 
(1) STUDY.—The Secretary shall conduct a 
special resource study of the study area. 
(2) CONTENTS.—In conducting the study 
under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall— 
(A) evaluate the national significance of 
the study area; 
(B) determine the suitability and feasi-
bility of designating the study area as a unit 
of the National Park System; 
(C) consider other alternatives for preser-
vation, protection, and interpretation of the 
study area by the Federal Government, 
State or local government entities, or pri-
vate and nonprofit organizations; 
(D) consult with interested Federal agen-
cies, State or local governmental entities, 
private and nonprofit organizations, or any 
other interested individuals; and 
(E) identify cost estimates for any Federal 
acquisition, development, interpretation, op-
eration, and maintenance associated with 
the alternatives. 
(3) APPLICABLE
LAW.—The study required 
under paragraph (1) shall be conducted in ac-
cordance with section 100507 of title 54, 
United States Code. 
(4) REPORT.—Not later than 3 years after 
the date on which funds are first made avail-
able for the study under paragraph (1), the 
Secretary shall submit to the Committee on 
Natural Resources of the House of Rep-
resentatives and the Committee on Energy 
and Natural Resources of the Senate a report 
that describes— 
(A) the results of the study; and 
(B) any conclusions and recommendations 
of the Secretary. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from 
New Mexico (Ms. HAALAND) and the 
gentlewoman from Wyoming (Ms. CHE-
NEY) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from New Mexico. 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Ms. HAALAND. Madam Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-
bers may have 5 legislative days in 
which to revise and extend their re-
marks and include extraneous material 
on the measure under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-
woman from New Mexico? 
There was no objection. 
Ms. HAALAND. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in support of 
H.R. 139, the Springfield Race Riot 
Study Act, introduced by Representa-
tive RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. 
In August 1908, Springfield, Illinois, 
was the site of a multiday riot, with vi-
olence directed at the African-Amer-
ican community. 
The 
mob 
shot 
innocent 
people, 
burned almost 50 homes, looted and de-
stroyed two dozen stores, and muti-
lated and lynched two elderly Black 
men who were merely innocent by-
standers. 
b 1300 
All of this violence came about be-
cause two other African-American men 
were wrongly accused; one accused of 
attacking a White woman who, not 
long after the riots, admitted that her 
attacker was a White man; and one ac-
cused on slight evidence of attacking a 
White girl and of murdering her father. 
In part, as a response to the riot, the 
NAACP was formed in 1909 to work to 
end segregation, discrimination, and 
ensure African Americans are provided 
their constitutional rights. 
This was the one bright light that 
emerged out of that dark moment in 
our history, and it is an origin story 
that certainly resonates today as the 
Nation continues to grapple with race 
relations and social justice. 
This bill will authorize the National 
Park Service to conduct a full, special 
resource study to determine the most 
appropriate method to preserve, inter-
pret, and protect the resources associ-
ated with the riot and the founding of 
the NAACP. 
I 
want 
to 
thank 
Representative 
DAVIS for his efforts on this bill, and I 
urge all of my colleagues to support its 
adoption. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 139, the Springfield 
Race Riot Study Act, which was spon-
sored by our colleague, Congressman 
RODNEY
DAVIS, authorizes the Sec-
retary of the Interior to conduct a spe-
cial resource study of the site of the 
Springfield race riots of 1908. 
As my colleague has just described, 
on the evening of August 14, 1908, racial 
tensions ignited in the Illinois capital 
of Springfield. The riot was incited by 
a White mob who wanted to lynch two 
Black inmates housed at the county 
jail. One had been charged with mur-
dering a White man, the other with 
raping a White woman, an allegation 
that was later recanted. 
After the two inmates were spirited 
away for their safety, the mob de-
stroyed 
Black 
neighborhoods 
and 
lynched two innocent Black men. Soon 
after this horrific weekend of violence 
and racial strife, a prominent group of 
social reformers came together in Feb-
ruary 1909 and established the National 
Association for the Advancement of 
Colored People. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:58 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00018
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K21SE7.021
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 17-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4567 
September 21, 2020 
Recently, 
archeologists 
uncovered 
the physical remains of five houses and 
their associated artifacts that burned 
in the 1908 riot. Last year, the National 
Park Service completed a reconnais-
sance survey of the site and concluded 
it was likely the site that would meet 
criteria for inclusion in the National 
Park System if fully analyzed through 
a congressionally authorized special re-
sources study. 
In August, Secretary of the Interior 
David Bernhardt visited the site of the 
1908 riot to declare it part of the re-
cently established African American 
Civil Rights Network. One goal of this 
network is to ensure that we accu-
rately tell the complete and often pain-
ful story of the struggle for civil rights 
in our country. 
I commend Representative DAVIS on 
his work to highlight this tragic event 
in our Nation’s history. I urge adoption 
of the measure, and I yield back the 
balance of my time. 
Ms. HAALAND. Mr. Speaker, I urge 
my colleagues to support the legisla-
tion, and I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
TAKANO). The question is on the mo-
tion offered by the gentlewoman from 
New Mexico (Ms. HAALAND) that the 
House suspend the rules and pass the 
bill, H.R. 139, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as 
amended, was passed. 
The title of the bill was amended so 
as to read: ‘‘A bill to direct the Sec-
retary of the Interior to conduct a spe-
cial resource study of the site associ-
ated with the 1908 Springfield Race 
Riot in the State of Illinois.’’. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
FREE VETERANS FROM FEES ACT 
Ms. HAALAND. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill 
(H.R. 1702) to waive the application fee 
for any special use permit for veterans 
demonstrations and special events at 
war memorials on Federal land, and for 
other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1702 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Free Vet-
erans from Fees Act’’. 
SEC. 2. WAIVER OF SPECIAL USE PERMIT APPLI-
CATION FEE FOR VETERANS’ SPE-
CIAL EVENTS. 
(a) WAIVER.—The application fee for any 
special use permit solely for a veterans’ spe-
cial event at war memorials on land admin-
istered by the National Park Service in the 
District of Columbia and its environs shall 
be waived. 
(b) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) DISTRICT
OF
COLUMBIA
AND
ITS
ENVI-
RONS.—The term ‘‘the District of Columbia 
and its environs’’ has the meaning given that 
term in section 8902(a) of title 40, United 
States Code. 
(2) GOLD STAR FAMILIES.—The term ‘‘Gold 
Star Families’’ includes any individual de-
scribed in section 3.2 of Department of De-
fense Instruction 1348.36. 
(3) SPECIAL
EVENT.—The term ‘‘special 
events’’ has the meaning given that term in 
section 7.96 of title 36, Code of Federal Regu-
lations. 
(4) VETERAN.—The term ‘‘veteran’’ has the 
meaning given that term in section 101(2) of 
title 38, United States Code. 
(5) VETERANS’ SPECIAL
EVENT.—The term 
‘‘veterans’ special event’’ means a special 
event of which the majority of attendees are 
veterans or Gold Star Families. 
(6) WAR MEMORIAL.—The term ‘‘war memo-
rial’’ means any memorial or monument 
which has been erected or dedicated to com-
memorate a military unit, military group, 
war, conflict, victory, or peace. 
(c) 
APPLICABILITY.—This 
section 
shall 
apply to any special use permit application 
submitted after the date of the enactment of 
this Act. 
(d) APPLICABILITY OF EXISTING LAWS.—Per-
mit applicants remain subject to all other 
laws, regulations, and policies regarding the 
application, issuance and execution of spe-
cial use permits for a veterans’ special event 
at war memorials on land administered by 
the National Park Service in the District of 
Columbia and its environs. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from 
New Mexico (Ms. HAALAND) and the 
gentlewoman from Wyoming (Ms. CHE-
NEY) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from New Mexico. 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Ms. HAALAND. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members 
have 5 legislative days in which to re-
vise and extend their remarks and in-
clude extraneous material on the meas-
ure under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-
woman from New Mexico? 
There was no objection. 
Ms. HAALAND. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
1702, the Free Veterans from Fees Act 
introduced by Representative GREG 
STEUBE. 
This bill seeks to honor the sacrifices 
made by our veterans and their fami-
lies by waiving application fees for vet-
erans’ special events at war memorials 
in our Nation’s Capital for veterans 
and Gold Star families. 
Although the National Park Service 
has a longstanding practice of waiving 
application fees for special use permits 
for most veterans’ events at war me-
morials, oftentimes, veterans’ organi-
zations have to pay administrative fees 
and processing costs to obtain permits 
for events such as Honor Buses. 
By codifying a version of this routine 
practice and policy in law, we can help 
honor the sacrifices made by our vet-
erans and Gold Star families by ensur-
ing that they are not required to pay 
when visiting national war memorials 
built to commemorate their bravery 
and our fallen heroes. 
I thank Representative STEUBE for 
introducing this legislation and urge 
my colleagues to support it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, in recognition of the 
significant and unparalleled sacrifices 
veterans have made for our country, 
my colleague Mr. STEUBE introduced 
H.R. 1702 to waive the application fee 
associated with special use permits for 
veterans’ organizations and our Gold 
Star families at war memorials on Fed-
eral lands. 
Special use permits are required by 
the National Park Service for activi-
ties that provide a benefit to an indi-
vidual group or organization and for 
activities that require the use of a des-
ignated park location for a specific 
purpose and length of time. 
When those who have served our Na-
tion, Mr. Speaker, including Gold Star 
families, want to hold an event whose 
primary purpose is to commemorate or 
honor the service of veterans, they 
should not be subject to application 
fees. This bill removes a potential bar-
rier and ensures our veterans are not 
discouraged from planning, hosting, or 
organizing events on our public lands. 
With this bill, Mr. Speaker, we show 
in one more way our respect for our 
Nation’s veterans, and we support the 
special events that honor the men and 
women of our Armed Forces. 
I commend my colleague Congress-
man STEUBE for his work on behalf of 
our servicemen and -women. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill’s sponsor, Con-
gressman STEUBE, was unable to be 
here today to speak on his bill because 
of commitments in his district. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this 
measure and since I have no further 
speakers, I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. HAALAND. Mr. Speaker, I urge 
my colleagues to support the legisla-
tion, and I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. STEUBE. Mr. Speaker, I urge my col-
leagues in the House to vote in favor of my 
bill, H.R. 1702, the Free Veterans from Fees 
Act of 2019. 
To help foster a culture in America in which 
all veterans are valued for their service to our 
nation, we need to do our part to assist those 
who have served in our military. One way we 
can honor our nation’s heroes is to assist 
them when they visit national war memorials 
as they remember all those who fought and 
are not here today. 
Throughout the year, several veterans’ 
groups and Gold Star Families visit national 
war memorials here in Washington, D.C. by 
honor buses and honor flights through various 
veterans’ organizations. To obtain a permit for 
their visit, oftentimes veterans’ groups must 
pay administrative fees and other processing 
costs related to visiting memorials that have 
been built not only as a testament of their sac-
rifice, but also to honor those who paid the ul-
timate sacrifice for our nation. 
This common sense bill would waive the ap-
plication fee for any special use permits for 
veterans’ demonstration and special events at 
war memorials on land administrated by the 
National Park Service in the District of Colum-
bia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:15 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00019
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\K21SE7.024
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 18-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4568 
September 21, 2020 
The Free Veterans from Fees Act has bipar-
tisan support and has been endorsed by 
AMVETS, a veteran organization that rep-
resents 250,000 members nationwide. 
I thank the House Committee on Natural 
Resources for holding a hearing on this bill 
and I am pleased to see it on the legislative 
calendar. You may also remember this bill 
was passed through the Committee and 
through suspension on the House floor last 
Congress, and we hope that we can get this 
bill passed under suspension this Congress. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by 
the gentlewoman from New Mexico 
(Ms. HAALAND) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1702, as 
amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as 
amended, was passed. 
The title of the bill was amended so 
as to read: ‘‘A bill waive the applica-
tion fee for any special use permit for 
veterans’ special events at war memo-
rials on land administered by the Na-
tional Park Service in the District of 
Columbia and its environs, and for 
other purposes.’’. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
B–47 RIDGE DESIGNATION ACT 
Ms. HAALAND. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill 
(S. 490) to designate a mountain ridge 
in the State of Montana as ‘‘B–47 
Ridge’’. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 490 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘B–47 Ridge 
Designation Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DESIGNATION OF B–47 RIDGE, MONTANA. 
(a) DESIGNATION.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—The unnamed mountain 
ridge located at 45°14′40.89″ N., 110°43′38.75″ W. 
that runs south and west of Emigrant Peak 
in the Absaroka Range in the State of Mon-
tana, which is the approximate site of a 
crash of a B–47, shall be known and des-
ignated as ‘‘B–47 Ridge’’. 
(2) REFERENCES.—Any reference in a law, 
map, regulation, document, paper, or other 
record of the United States to the ridge de-
scribed in paragraph (1) shall be deemed to 
be a reference to ‘‘B–47 Ridge’’. 
(b) AUTHORIZATION FOR PLAQUE.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—The Secretary of Agri-
culture may authorize the installation and 
maintenance of a plaque on B–47 Ridge 
that— 
(A) memorializes the 1962 crash of the B–47 
aircraft at the site; and 
(B) may include the names of the victims 
of the crash. 
(2) AUTHORIZED
TERMS
AND
CONDITIONS.— 
The Secretary of Agriculture may include 
any terms and conditions in the authoriza-
tion for a plaque under paragraph (1) that 
the Secretary of Agriculture determines to 
be necessary. 
(3) FUNDING.—No Federal funds may be 
used to design, procure, install, or maintain 
the plaque authorized under paragraph (1). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from 
New Mexico (Ms. HAALAND) and the 
gentlewoman from Wyoming (Ms. CHE-
NEY) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from New Mexico. 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Ms. HAALAND. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members 
have 5 legislative days in which to re-
vise and extend their remarks and in-
clude extraneous material on the meas-
ure under consideration 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-
woman from New Mexico? 
There was no objection. 
Ms. HAALAND. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 
490 the B–47 Ridge Designation Act. 
One of our priorities on the House 
Natural 
Resources 
Committee 
this 
Congress has been to enhance public 
lands access for veterans and service-
members and that includes allowing 
our public lands to honor those who 
have made the ultimate sacrifice for 
our country. 
This 
bill 
would 
designate 
an 
unnamed mountain range near Emi-
grant Peak in the State of Montana as 
‘‘B–47 Ridge’’ and allow the installa-
tion of a commemorative plaque at the 
site. 
The name and plaque would memori-
alize the tragic end to a routine train-
ing flight on the night of July 23, 1962. 
Four U.S. Air Force servicemembers 
lost their lives when their B–47 stra-
tegic bomber crashed at 8,500 feet. De-
bris from the crash can still be seen on 
the ridge today. 
This bill appropriately honors the 
memory 
and 
sacrifice 
of 
Captain 
Faulconer, Lieutenant Lloyd Sawyers, 
Lieutenant David Sutton, and Lieuten-
ant Hixenbaugh. 
I urge its immediate adoption, and I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, S. 490 designates the 
mountain ridge where an Air Force B– 
47 strategic bomber crashed while on a 
training mission in Montana in 1962 as 
the ‘‘B–47 Ridge.’’ 
This bill is the Senate companion to 
H.R. 1267, which our Congressman 
GIANFORTE led here in the House. Near-
ly 60 years have passed since that U.S. 
Air Force B–47 bomber left Texas and 
crashed into Montana’s Emigrant Peak 
just north of Yellowstone National 
Park in the Paradise Valley. Debris re-
mains on the ridge where the plane 
crashed. S. 490 will rename the area the 
‘‘B–47 Ridge’’ to honor the four-man 
crew who perished in the wreck. 
Those brave airmen who died that 
day on the southwestern slope of Emi-
grant Peak during a training mission 
were: Captain Bill Faulconer, Lieuten-
ant Lloyd Sawyers, Lieutenant David 
Sutton, 
and 
Lieutenant 
Fred 
Hixenbaugh. 
This legislation will also allow for 
the placement of a memorial plaque 
which will be paid for by the crew’s 
families and the local community. 
This is a good and important bill 
honoring the sacrifice of those airmen 
and I applaud Congressman GIANFORTE 
and the entire Montana delegation for 
their efforts to get this lasting tribute 
signed into law. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this 
measure, and I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. HAALAND. Mr. Speaker, I urge 
my colleagues to support the legisla-
tion, and I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by 
the gentlewoman from New Mexico 
(Ms. HAALAND) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, S. 490. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was 
passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
TRIBAL SCHOOL FEDERAL 
INSURANCE PARITY ACT 
Ms. HAALAND. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill 
(H.R. 895) to allow tribal grant schools 
to participate in the Federal Employee 
Health Benefits program. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 895 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Tribal 
School Federal Insurance Parity Act’’. 
SEC. 2. AMENDMENT TO THE INDIAN HEALTH 
CARE IMPROVEMENT ACT. 
Section 409 of the Indian Health Care Im-
provement Act (25 U.S.C. 1647b) is amended 
by inserting ‘‘or the Tribally Controlled 
Schools Act of 1988 (25 U.S.C. 2501 et seq.)’’ 
after ‘‘(25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.)’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from 
New Mexico (Ms. HAALAND) and the 
gentlewoman from Wyoming (Ms. CHE-
NEY) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from New Mexico. 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Ms. HAALAND. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members 
have 5 legislative days in which to re-
vise and extend their remarks and in-
clude extraneous material on the meas-
ure under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-
woman from New Mexico? 
There was no objection. 
Ms. HAALAND. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 895, introduced by 
Representative 
DUSTY
JOHNSON
of 
South 
Dakota, 
authorizes 
Indian 
Tribes and Tribal organizations oper-
ating Tribally controlled schools the 
ability to access the Federal Employ-
ees Health Benefits Program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:15 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00020
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A21SE7.013
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 19-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4569 
September 21, 2020 
b 1315 
Prior to 2010, Tribal employees gen-
erally lacked access to the FEHB pro-
gram. To fix this, Congress passed the 
Indian Healthcare Improvement Act in 
2010. 
However, 
eligibility 
for 
Federal 
health benefits was granted only to the 
Tribal nations that utilized the Indian 
Self-Determination and Education As-
sistance Act, leaving behind the trib-
ally controlled schools that operate 
pursuant to the Tribally Controlled 
Schools Act. 
This gap has resulted in significant 
financial strains on 126 tribally con-
trolled schools and has made it dif-
ficult for them to recruit and maintain 
quality educators. Passage of H.R. 895 
will remove this disparity and ensure 
that all BIE-operated and BIE-funded 
tribally operated schools’ employees 
have access to the FEHB program. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank our col-
league, Representative JOHNSON, for 
championing this legislation. I urge my 
colleagues to support H.R. 895, and I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
895. As my colleague from New Mexico 
described it, this bill would enable 
Tribal grant school employees to par-
ticipate in the Federal Health Benefits 
Program. 
Under current law, the Bureau of In-
dian Education employees and tribally 
managed schools operating under a 
self-determination 
contract 
are 
al-
ready eligible for this benefit. It is 
time that we helped Tribal grant 
schoolteachers. 
This bill will not only provide parity 
for the benefits that employees receive 
at other schools serving Native chil-
dren, but it will help keep essential 
moneys focused on education itself. 
I want to thank the sponsor of this 
legislation, my colleague Congressman 
DUSTY
JOHNSON, for his thoughtful 
leadership on this issue. 
This stand-alone legislation will go a 
long way to help Tribal grant schools 
during the COVID–19 recovery period 
and beyond. 
I am disappointed, however, Mr. 
Speaker, that the Democrat majority 
has refused to act on S. 886, the Indian 
Water Rights Settlement Extension 
Act. S. 886 includes the text of this bill 
and would also help Tribes in one of 
the hardest hit COVID–19 regions of the 
country, the Navajo Nation, which has 
cited lack of water as a complication 
for fending off and defeating this dead-
ly virus. 
S. 886 addresses this very issue by en-
suring better access to water for the 
Tribe. Unfortunately, the majority has 
let this water settlement agreement 
for the Navajo collect dust. It has been 
90 days since the Senate passed this bi-
partisan bill. Despite repeated requests 
for its consideration, the Democrats 
have taken no action to see this crit-
ical agreement enacted into law. 
Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD 
a letter from Navajo President Nez 
asking Speaker PELOSI to schedule a 
vote on final passage on S. 886. 
THE NAVAJO NATION, 
Window Rock, AZ, July 28, 2020. 
Hon. NANCY PELOSI, 
Speaker of the House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
Hon. KEVIN MCCARTHY, 
Republican Leader, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR SPEAKER PELOSI AND LEADER MCCAR-
THY: We respectfully request that you sched-
ule a vote on final passage of S. 886, the Nav-
ajo Utah Water Rights Settlement Act 
(NUWRSA), before the House leaves for the 
August recess. As discussed and explained in 
our June 22, 2020 letter to the House, nearly 
40 percent of the Navajo Nation lacks run-
ning water or adequate sanitation in their 
homes. To make matters worse, the Navajo 
Nation’s COVID–19 infection rate on a per 
capita basis is one of the highest in the coun-
try and the Navajo Nation has more COVID– 
19 deaths than many states. The House has 
an opportunity to take immediate action to 
mitigate future COVID–19 outbreaks and ad-
dress the drinking water crisis on the Navajo 
Reservation by passing S. 886. Although the 
Senate unanimously passed S. 886, the House 
of Representatives has so not acted on it, 
further delaying the relief that it will ulti-
mately bring to the Navajo people. 
The Navajo Nation has over 300,000 en-
rolled members and is the largest Indian res-
ervation spanning portions of Arizona, New 
Mexico, and Utah. The conditions on Navajo 
are dire and the pandemic only compounds 
our needs. With so few watering points 
across the Navajo Nation, families must 
travel hours to reach these points and must 
ration their water accordingly. Without ac-
cess to clean drinking water, the Navajo Na-
tion will continue to struggle, and its mem-
bers will be more susceptible to deadly ill-
nesses such as COVID–19. 
S. 886 would provide the means to begin to 
address 
these 
critical 
needs. 
Through 
NUWRSA, the Navajo Nation would receive 
approximately $220 million in federal and 
state funding for desperately needed drink-
ing water infrastructure on the Reservation 
in exchange for the Nation waiving its 
water-related claims against the United 
States and State of Utah. In 2016, Congress 
first introduced the settlement legislation 
and on June 4, 2020, the Senate unanimously 
passed S. 886, demonstrating the broad bi- 
partisan support for the legislation. 
The Navajo Nation recognizes that there is 
more to be done for Indian Country and we 
stand ready to assist you on this work, but 
S. 886 is ready for final passage. The House’s 
inaction on S. 886 or sending it back to the 
Senate for further consideration will only 
delay addressing the basic human needs of 
the Navajo people. Therefore, we respectfully 
request that you schedule a vote on final 
passage of S. 886 before the House recesses in 
August. 
Sincerely, 
JONATHAN NEZ, President. 
MYRON LIZER, Vice President. 
Ms. CHENEY. Again, Mr. Speaker, we 
support the passage of Congressman 
JOHNSON’s bill, H.R. 895, and would also 
prefer to enact this provision into law 
along with measures that will help the 
Navajo 
Nation 
with 
their 
broader 
water shortages. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the 
gentleman from South Dakota (Mr. 
JOHNSON). 
Mr. JOHNSON of South Dakota. Mr. 
Speaker, I will begin by thanking 
Ranking Member CHENEY
and Con-
gresswoman HAALAND for their support 
and for their warm words of support for 
this measure. 
They are right. H.R. 895 is about fair-
ness; it is about equity; and it is about 
improving 
Tribal 
school 
outcomes 
across this country. 
Now, I don’t know that it matters 
where you live in this country, and I 
don’t know that it matters where you 
are in the political spectrum, it seems 
like one of the things you should be 
able to recognize is that one of our 
most difficult and most important 
challenges in this country is ensuring 
quality education for our Native stu-
dents. 
Unintentionally, a few years ago, 
Congress complicated those efforts. We 
passed the Indian Healthcare Improve-
ment Act. As a part of that act, we 
made it clear that section 638 Tribal 
schools could access the Federal em-
ployee health insurance benefits. But 
we denied that same treatment—again, 
unintentionally—for the section 297 
schools. In the decade since we have 
done that, millions of dollars have 
flown out of the classroom and, in-
stead, toward these health insurance 
benefits. 
Our bill, my bill, the Tribal School 
Federal Insurance Parity Act, fixes 
that oversight, closes that loophole, 
and addresses this problem without 
costing our Federal Government a 
nickel. 
I have visited Tribal grant schools, 
most recently just a few weeks ago. I 
will tell you, Mr. Speaker, Super-
intendent Whirlwind Horse and her 
team work hard every single day. They 
are at Wounded Knee School on the 
Pine 
Ridge 
Indian 
Reservation 
in 
South Dakota. They work hard to pro-
vide these educational opportunities 
even with incredibly scarce resources. 
My friend, Cecilia Fire Thunder, the 
president of the Oglala Lakota Nation 
Education 
Consortium, 
understands 
those challenges, which is why she has 
been focused on this issue for a long 
time. 
If we pass this bill, we will make 
their jobs just a little bit easier as they 
work to shift those dollars into the 
classroom to focus them on student 
education, to focus them on student 
outcomes, and to focus them on im-
proving the lives of young people in In-
dian Country. 
So, I ask my colleagues, Mr. Speaker, 
for a ‘‘yes’’ vote, and I ask us all to 
work with the Senate to pass H.R. 895 
before the end of the 116th Congress. 
Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Ms. HAALAND. Mr. Speaker, I urge 
my colleagues to support the legisla-
tion, and I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by 
the gentlewoman from New Mexico 
(Ms. HAALAND) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 895. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was 
passed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:15 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00021
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K21SE7.031
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 20-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4570 
September 21, 2020 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
JUSTICE FOR JUVENILES ACT 
Ms. SCANLON. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill 
(H.R. 5053) to exempt juveniles from 
the requirements for suits by prisoners, 
and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5053 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Justice for 
Juveniles Act’’. 
SEC. 2. EXEMPTION OF JUVENILES FROM THE 
REQUIREMENTS FOR SUITS BY PRIS-
ONERS. 
Section 7 of the Civil Rights of Institu-
tionalized Persons Act (42 U.S.C. 1997e) is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (h), by striking ‘‘sen-
tenced for, or adjudicated delinquent for,’’ 
and inserting ‘‘or sentenced for’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(i) EXEMPTION OF JUVENILE PRISONERS.— 
This section shall not apply to an action 
pending on the date of enactment of the Jus-
tice for Juveniles Act or filed on or after 
such date if such action is— 
‘‘(1) brought by a prisoner who has not at-
tained 22 years of age; or 
‘‘(2) brought by any prisoner with respect 
to a prison condition that occurred before 
the prisoner attained 22 years of age.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from 
Pennsylvania (Ms. SCANLON) and the 
gentleman from Ohio (Mr. JORDAN) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Ms. SCANLON. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members 
have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-
tend their remarks and include extra-
neous material on the bill under con-
sideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-
woman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. 
Ms. SCANLON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
5053, the Justice for Juveniles Act. 
This bipartisan bill, which I introduced 
along with my colleagues Mr. ARM-
STRONG, Mr. RESCHENTHALER, and Mr. 
JEFFRIES, would eliminate the adminis-
trative exhaustion requirement for in-
carcerated youth before they may file a 
lawsuit challenging the conditions of 
their incarceration. 
By passing this bill today, the House 
will advance a measure to correct a 
manifest wrong currently present in 
Federal law and continue bipartisan ef-
forts to support incarcerated youth. 
This bill recognizes the same conclu-
sion that has been embraced by the Su-
preme Court and experts for decades— 
that incarcerated young people have 
different 
cognitive 
abilities 
than 
adults, that they are less mature, and 
that they have a higher chance of being 
assaulted while incarcerated. 
In recent years, our Nation has fi-
nally come to the realization that 
youth and adults have fundamentally 
different decisionmaking abilities. The 
Supreme Court has repeatedly cited 
adolescents’ lack of maturity as a rea-
son why they are not as culpable as 
adults for their actions or able to rec-
ognize either certain consequences or 
dangers. Yet, in current law, there are 
no allowances for these differences in 
cognitive abilities when it comes to ad-
dressing deficiencies in conditions of 
confinement. 
Pursuing claims under the Prison 
Litigation Reform Act, which requires 
an understanding of detailed grievance 
procedures and timelines, is nearly im-
possible for incarcerated youth, par-
ticularly when courts have been exact-
ing in their requirements that the ex-
haustion requirements be followed, no 
matter how sympathetic the situation. 
Understanding the grievance process 
is made even more challenging by the 
educational deficits faced by a substan-
tial number of incarcerated juveniles. 
According to one study, among incar-
cerated youth, 85 percent are function-
ally illiterate, and the baseline reading 
levels vary from grade 1 to grade 6. In 
addition, approximately 70 percent of 
incarcerated juveniles have at least 
one learning disability. Youth are, fur-
thermore, less likely than adults to 
recognize as risks the circumstances 
they face in a correctional facility. 
Compounding these challenges, in-
carcerated youth, as a group, experi-
ence extraordinarily high rates of men-
tal illness. Nearly 50 percent of incar-
cerated 16- to 18-year-olds suffer from a 
mental illness. Juveniles housed with 
adults are 10 times more likely to have 
psychotic episodes and have a suicide 
rate that is 7.7 times higher than those 
housed in juvenile facilities. 
In recent years, the public has be-
come more aware of the many dangers 
that lurk in correctional facilities. 
Hurricanes have flooded facilities; cold 
snaps have left prisoners freezing to 
death; and heat waves have killed pris-
oners when they lack proper ventila-
tion or air-conditioning. 
Of course, the 2019 expose by The 
Philadelphia Inquirer exposed a long-
standing pattern of abuse of adoles-
cents committed to the Glen Mills 
School, which was thereafter closed. 
Incarceration or detention poses a 
special danger to youth who often 
don’t have the ability to experience or 
recognize that they are in immediate 
danger. Adolescents incarcerated with 
adults are also more prone to both 
physical and mental abuse. Youth are 
50 percent more likely to be physically 
assaulted when they are housed in 
adult facilities than in juvenile facili-
ties. 
Taken together, incarcerated youth 
are simply not able to recognize or to 
effectively communicate when their 
prison conditions become dangerous or 
unconstitutionally deficient. There re-
mains little doubt that the current 
process needs to be changed. 
That is why this bill proposes a mod-
est reform to the Prison Litigation Re-
form Act. It simply exempts youth in 
correctional facilities from having to 
comply with technical grievance proce-
dures before they can go to court to 
challenge the unconstitutional condi-
tions of their confinement. 
While I would like to see us do much, 
much more, this bill is a necessary 
first step, which I ask that my col-
leagues support today. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the gentleman from North 
Dakota (Mr. ARMSTRONG) will control 
the minority’s time. 
There was no objection. 
Mr. ARMSTRONG. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
5053, the Justice for Juveniles Act. 
This bill eliminates some of the obsta-
cles for juvenile prisoners seeking re-
lief from our correctional facilities in 
Federal court. 
Juvenile offenders often lack the 
knowledge to pursue and exhaust all 
the complex administrative rules and 
grievance procedures in our correc-
tional facilities. H.R. 5053 will provide 
juvenile offenders quicker access to 
courts when they feel they are being 
abused or mistreated. 
President Trump has been a leader on 
criminal justice reform. He signed into 
law the bipartisan First Step Act in 
December 2018. The President has also 
commuted the lengthy prison sen-
tences of several nonviolent offenders 
and, more recently, pardoned Alice 
Johnson, who served 22 years of a life 
sentence for nonviolent drug traf-
ficking. 
This bill is another important step in 
criminal justice reform. I was honored 
to be the Republican lead on this bill. 
It was a pleasure to work with Ms. 
SCANLON from Pennsylvania, the bill’s 
primary sponsor. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support this bill, and I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
b 1330 
Ms. SCANLON. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. ARMSTRONG. Mr. Speaker, this 
bill is a good piece of bipartisan legis-
lation. 
I agree with Ms. SCANLON; it is an im-
portant first step. But I also think it is 
important to recognize that, when we 
do place juvenile offenders in the adult 
criminal justice system, we are doing 
some things in a different way, and 
they have unique challenges that they 
face in those systems. 
This is neither the time, necessarily, 
nor the place for the larger debate, but 
I think the least we can do is exhaust 
some of those administrative remedies, 
given what we know. 
I was proud to be the Republican 
colead on this bill, and I look forward 
to its passage. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:15 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00022
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K21SE7.033
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 21-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4571 
September 21, 2020 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. SCANLON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I thank Mr. ARMSTRONG for his help 
in moving this bill forward. 
Mr. Speaker, this legislation is sup-
ported by a bipartisan coalition of 
groups, including, #cut50, the Cam-
paign for Youth Justice, the Juvenile 
Law Center, the National Legal Aid 
and Defender Association, and R Street 
Institute. These organizations, as well 
as health and legal experts, acknowl-
edge that simplifying the legal process 
and making it less complex is con-
sistent with the developmental needs 
of adolescents. 
Therefore, H.R. 5053 was developed as 
a bipartisan bill to protect young peo-
ple from abuse in institutions by ex-
empting them from the administrative 
grievance requirements that stand in 
the way of their getting relief from 
abusive practices. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to 
join me in supporting this legislation 
today, and I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a sen-
ior member of the Committees on the Judici-
ary and on Homeland Security, and the Con-
gressional Black Caucus, and as a cosponsor, 
I rise in strong support of H.R. 5053, the ‘‘Jus-
tice for Juveniles Act,’’ introduced by Con-
gresswoman SCANLON which I am proud to co-
sponsor. 
I want to thank Chairman NADLER for his tre-
mendous leadership during this Congress and 
the past several months of hardship, stress, 
and disruption not only of the regular normal-
ized operations of this Committee but of the 
Congress and more importantly, the lives of 
the American people. 
It has been said of Americans that we do 
the difficult immediately, and the impossible 
takes a little longer. 
The legislative session today is a testament 
to the determination of this Committee that de-
spite the coronavirus pandemic that has 
claimed the life of over 200,000 Americans, 
that legislation to improve the lives of the peo-
ple we represent and the communities we 
serve will not be halted. 
The problems facing ordinary Americans 
due to flaws and inequities in the criminal jus-
tice system, the immigration system, the 
health care system, the economy, the trade-
mark system and others do not take a time- 
out because of the pandemic and neither does 
this Congress, and for that I commend Speak-
er PELOSI, the House Democratic leadership, 
and my colleagues on both sides of the aisle. 
The bipartisan H.R. 5053, the Justice for Ju-
veniles Act protects young people from abuse 
in institutions by exempting them from the ad-
ministrative grievance provision of the Prison 
Litigation Reform Act (PLRA) by enabling 
them to file a lawsuit concerning physical in-
jury, sexual assault or mental abuse without 
first having to file an administrative grievance. 
The proposed legislation is supported by a 
bipartisan coalition of groups including cut5o, 
Campaign for Youth Justice, Juvenile Law 
Center, National Legal Aid & Defender Asso-
ciation, and R Street Institute. 
The administrative grievance procedure, es-
tablished by the Prison Litigation Reform Act 
(PLRA), requires inmates at federal, state, and 
local facilities to file administrative complaints 
through the prison in which they are detained. 
Under the Justice For Juveniles Act, youth 
could initiate legal action to address prison 
conditions without first filing administrative 
complaints. 
The PLRA was designed to address the 
problem of the large numbers of pro se pris-
oner lawsuits that were being filed and inun-
dating the federal courts. 
Before the enactment of the PLRA, the 
overwhelming majority of prisoner cases were 
civil rights cases filed by state prisoners in 
federal district courts and were filed prose. 
The vast majority of the pre-PLRA pro se 
cases were filed under 42 U.S.C. § 1983; in-
carcerated juveniles filed very few lawsuits. 
Generally, to establish a claim under 42 
U.S.C. § 1983, a plaintiff must show that a 
person acting under color of state law de-
prived him of a right secured by the Constitu-
tion or the laws of the United States. 
Pursuant to the changes brought on by the 
PLRA, before an incarcerated individual can 
file a lawsuit, he or she must take the com-
plaint through all levels of a correctional facili-
ty’s grievance system. 
If a person fails to comply with these re-
quirements, including missing a filing deadline 
that can be as short as a few days, he or she 
may no longer be able to bring a lawsuit. 
This administrative remedy requirement is a 
high burden for a juvenile to meet, as it re-
quires a sophisticated understanding of how to 
navigate technical procedures. 
Held to an adult standard, minors are un-
duly prevented from litigating their abuses and 
thus deprived of a critical tool for improving 
their conditions of incarceration. 
Moreover, the problem is made worse be-
cause grievance procedures tend to rely on 
written communication and juveniles in the jus-
tice system typically have serious education 
deficits. 
Cases from around the country make clear 
that juveniles facing serious harm are deprived 
of legal protections because of the PLRA ex-
haustion requirements. 
For example, in Hunter v. Corr. Corp., a 17- 
year-old was sexually assaulted in an adult fa-
cility but the case was dismissed because the 
court ruled he should have exhausted his ad-
ministrative remedies first. 
In another case, from Kentucky, a juvenile 
filed a lawsuit alleging that staff had hit him, 
shocked him with a stun gun, and then led 
him down the hall by his testicles to an isola-
tion cell. 
Although the juvenile’s lawyer had dis-
cussed the incident with the jail administrator, 
the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the State 
Police, and the Kentucky Department of Juve-
nile Justice, the court ruled that this did not 
satisfy the PLRA and the suit was dismissed 
for failure to exhaust administrative remedies. 
Mr. Speaker, exempting youth from adminis-
trative grievances acknowledges that children 
do not know how to protect themselves from 
practices or conduct that is unconstitutional. 
The Justice For Children Act makes it easier 
for juveniles who are physically assaulted or 
abused to seek immediate redress in federal 
court. 
In addition, simplifying the legal process and 
making it more readily available to these juve-
niles is also in keeping with the Supreme 
Court’s conclusions regarding the develop-
mental needs of adolescents. 
I strongly support this legislation and urge 
all Members to join me in voting for its pas-
sage. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by 
the gentlewoman from Pennsylvania 
(Ms. SCANLON) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5053. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was 
passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
COMPETITIVE HEALTH INSURANCE 
REFORM ACT OF 2020 
Ms. SCANLON. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill 
(H.R. 1418) to restore the application of 
the Federal antitrust laws to the busi-
ness of health insurance to protect 
competition and consumers, as amend-
ed. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1418 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Competitive 
Health Insurance Reform Act of 2020’’. 
SEC. 2. RESTORING THE APPLICATION OF ANTI-
TRUST LAWS TO THE BUSINESS OF 
HEALTH INSURANCE. 
(a) AMENDMENT
TO
MCCARRAN-FERGUSON 
ACT.—Section 3 of the Act of March 9, 1945 
(15 U.S.C. 1013), commonly known as the 
McCarran-Ferguson Act, is amended by add-
ing at the end the following: 
‘‘(c)(1) Nothing contained in this Act shall 
modify, impair, or supersede the operation of 
any of the antitrust laws with respect to the 
business of health insurance (including the 
business of dental insurance and limited- 
scope dental benefits). 
‘‘(2) Paragraph (1) shall not apply with re-
spect to making a contract, or engaging in a 
combination or conspiracy— 
‘‘(A) to collect, compile, or disseminate 
historical loss data; 
‘‘(B) to determine a loss development fac-
tor applicable to historical loss data; 
‘‘(C) to perform actuarial services if such 
contract, combination, or conspiracy does 
not involve a restraint of trade; or 
‘‘(D) to develop or disseminate a standard 
insurance policy form (including a standard 
addendum to an insurance policy form and 
standard terminology in an insurance policy 
form) if such contract, combination, or con-
spiracy is not to adhere to such standard 
form or require adherence to such standard 
form. 
‘‘(3) For purposes of this subsection— 
‘‘(A) the term ‘antitrust laws’ has the 
meaning given it in subsection (a) of the first 
section of the Clayton Act (15 U.S.C. 12), ex-
cept that such term includes section 5 of the 
Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 45) 
to the extent that such section 5 applies to 
unfair methods of competition; 
‘‘(B) the term ‘business of health insurance 
(including the business of dental insurance 
and limited-scope dental benefits)’ does not 
include— 
‘‘(i) the business of life insurance (includ-
ing annuities); or 
‘‘(ii) the business of property or casualty 
insurance, including but not limited to— 
‘‘(I) any insurance or benefits defined as 
‘excepted benefits’ under paragraph (1), sub-
paragraph (B) or (C) of paragraph (2), or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:58 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00023
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K21SE7.036
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 22-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4572 
September 21, 2020 
paragraph (3) of section 9832(c) of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986 (26 U.S.C. 9832(c)) 
whether offered separately or in combination 
with insurance or benefits described in para-
graph (2)(A) of such section; and 
‘‘(II) any other line of insurance that is 
classified as property or casualty insurance 
under State law; 
‘‘(C) the term ‘historical loss data’ means 
information respecting claims paid, or re-
serves held for claims reported, by any per-
son engaged in the business of insurance; and 
‘‘(D) the term ‘loss development factor’ 
means an adjustment to be made to reserves 
held for losses incurred for claims reported 
by any person engaged in the business of in-
surance, for the purpose of bringing such re-
serves to an ultimate paid basis.’’. 
(b) RELATED PROVISION.—For purposes of 
section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission 
Act (15 U.S.C. 45) to the extent such section 
applies to unfair methods of competition, 
section 3(c) of the McCarran-Ferguson Act 
shall apply with respect to the business of 
health insurance without regard to whether 
such business is carried on for profit, not-
withstanding the definition of ‘‘Corporation’’ 
contained in section 4 of the Federal Trade 
Commission Act. 
SEC. 3. DETERMINATION OF BUDGETARY EF-
FECTS. 
The budgetary effects of this Act, for the 
purpose of complying with the Statutory 
Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010, shall be deter-
mined by reference to the latest statement 
titled ‘‘Budgetary Effects of PAYGO Legisla-
tion’’ for this Act, submitted for printing in 
the Congressional Record by the Chairman of 
the House Budget Committee, provided that 
such statement has been submitted prior to 
the vote on passage. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from 
Pennsylvania (Ms. SCANLON) and the 
gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. 
ARMSTRONG) each will control 20 min-
utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Ms. SCANLON. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members 
have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-
tend their remarks and include extra-
neous materials on the bill under con-
sideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-
woman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. 
Ms. SCANLON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support 
of H.R. 1418, the Competitive Health In-
surance Reform Act. 
This commonsense legislation re-
peals a longstanding antitrust exemp-
tion for the health insurance industry 
under the McCarran-Ferguson Act. It 
does so for price-fixing, bid-rigging, 
and market allocation—the most egre-
gious kinds of anticompetitive con-
duct. There is absolutely no justifica-
tion for this broad antitrust exemption 
for the business of health insurance. 
Congress passed the McCarran-Fer-
guson Act in response to a 1944 Su-
preme Court decision finding that the 
antitrust laws applied to the business 
of insurance. Both insurance compa-
nies and the States expressed concern 
about that decision. Insurance compa-
nies worried that it could jeopardize 
certain collective practices, like joint 
rate-setting and the pooling of histor-
ical data, and the States were con-
cerned about losing their authority to 
regulate and tax the business of insur-
ance. 
To address these issues, McCarran- 
Ferguson provides that Federal anti-
trust laws apply to the business of in-
surance only to the extent that it is 
not regulated by State law. Unfortu-
nately, this resulted in a broad anti-
trust exemption. Industry and State 
revenue concerns, rather than the vital 
goals of protecting competition and 
consumers, were the primary drivers of 
the act. 
In passing McCarran-Ferguson, Con-
gress initially intended to provide only 
a temporary exemption and, unfortu-
nately, gave little consideration to 
competition concerns. 
Not surprisingly, there is broad sup-
port for ending this safe harbor for 
antitrust violations that are crimi-
nally illegal. As the Antitrust Mod-
ernization Commission Report noted in 
2007, the McCarran-Ferguson exemp-
tion should be repealed because it has 
outlived any utility it may have had 
and is among the most ill-conceived 
and egregious examples. 
Furthermore, it is far from clear that 
the McCarran-Ferguson antitrust ex-
emption was ever justified in the first 
place. Antitrust exemption should be 
exceedingly rare and should be enacted 
only where there are strong policy rea-
sons for such exemption. 
Carving out an entire part of a 
healthcare system from the antitrust 
laws should be unthinkable, particu-
larly when healthcare costs are so high 
for many families. That is why it is 
time to repeal the special exemption 
for the insurance industry. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, 
Chairman DEFAZIO, for his leadership 
on this important legislation. I urge 
my colleagues to support this bill, 
which previously passed the House 
with an overwhelming bipartisan vote 
of 416–7, and I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. ARMSTRONG. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Mr. Speaker, under current law, the 
health and dental insurance industries 
are exempt from some Federal com-
petition laws and related enforcement 
actions. 
Congress established this exemption 
in 1945 at a time when Federal anti-
trust law was less developed and more 
likely to disrupt procompetitive prac-
tices in the insurance industry under 
State laws. 
H.R. 1418 would update antitrust law 
and apply it to the business of health 
insurance in ways designed to better 
protect consumers. At the same time, 
H.R. 1418 would still permit the health 
insurance industry to engage in pro-
competitive collaboration that benefits 
customers. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill represents an-
other small step designed to improve 
America’s healthcare system. I encour-
age my colleagues to support this bill, 
and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. SCANLON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 
minutes to the gentleman from Oregon 
(Mr. DEFAZIO). 
Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentlewoman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill, H.R. 1418, has 
51 cosponsors in the House: 26 Demo-
crats, 25 Republicans. It is endorsed by 
23 national organizations, including 
Consumer Reports, which estimates it 
will save consumers billions of dollars 
a year in health insurance costs, other 
consumer rights groups, the American 
Dental Association, Hospital Associa-
tion, and more. 
There are only two for-profit indus-
tries in America that have an exemp-
tion from antitrust law: One is profes-
sional baseball, dating from the 1920s, 
and the other is the vital area of health 
insurance, dating to the 1940s. This bill 
will take away that exemption. 
What does that mean? Well, right 
now, insurance companies can and do 
get 
together 
and 
collude. 
Before 
COVID, they would go to some fancy 
resorts, get together, and say: How 
about you stay out of North Dakota; 
we will stay out of South Dakota? You 
stay out of Oregon; we will stay out of 
Washington. Let’s divide up the pie 
here. You decide where you are selling, 
and we will decide where we are selling. 
Oh, and by the way, here are the things 
we don’t want to cover. Here are the 
people we want to redline and exclude. 
That is all legal. That is all legal. 
What does it do? It drives up the cost 
and the availability is diminished for 
Americans. And now here we are in the 
midst of COVID and the estimates are 
that 5 million people have lost their 
health insurance during COVID—5 mil-
lion people—yet, last year, the health 
insurance industry made an eye-pop-
ping $33 billion in profits. This year, 
the reports are they are doing even bet-
ter, with more and more people unin-
sured. 
How are they doing that? Well, they 
are jacking up copays. They are jack-
ing up deductibles. They are excluding 
all sorts of treatments from coverage. 
And it is all legal, and they can all get 
together and say: Hey, if you won’t 
cover this, we won’t cover it. That way 
we won’t lose customers; you won’t 
lose customers. 
What a sweet deal. What a sweet 
deal. 
Well, one in four Americans hesitated 
to go to the doctor—people who were 
insured—or to fill a prescription, get 
needed treatment because of the ex-
traordinary 
copays 
and 
high 
deductibles. So a lot of people are pay-
ing 2,000, 3,000, 4,000, 5,000 bucks before 
they get any coverage on these so- 
called policies. 
What is this about? It is about greed. 
And it is time to end. 
This is a vital service for the Amer-
ican people. This bill was part of the 
original Affordable Care Act in the 
House—my provision. It was stripped 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:15 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00024
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A21SE7.017
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 23-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4573 
September 21, 2020 
out in the Senate at the behest of a 
former insurance executive—good old 
Senate—so it didn’t get into the final 
version of ACA. They took out a lot of 
other good things, too. The House bill 
was way preferable with national ex-
changes, not-for-profit, et cetera. But, 
in any case, it was stripped out. 
So the House held another vote after 
the passage of the Affordable Care Act 
in 2010. Tom Perriello, then-Represent-
ative for Virginia, offered my bill on 
the floor and it passed by 406–19. 
What kind of bills pass 406–19? 
And then my colead on the bill, Rep-
resentative GOSAR, introduced the bill 
in 2017, and it passed 416–7 in the most 
bitterly partisan atmosphere in Con-
gress since post-Civil War—416–7. 
It is time to get this done. 
Finally, we are seeing some action in 
the Senate. Senator LEAHY has intro-
duced a bill, ranking member of the 
Committee on the Judiciary, and Sen-
ator DAINES. So there are three Demo-
crats, three Republicans on the bill. 
Hopefully, the Senate will see the wis-
dom 
in 
helping 
Americans 
afford 
health 
insurance, 
lowering 
their 
deductibles, 
lowering 
their 
copays, 
lowering their exclusions on prescrip-
tion drugs. 
Mr. Speaker, even under Medicare 
part D, they are always jacking people 
around: Oh, sorry, you can’t have that 
medication anymore. We just took it 
off the list last week. 
They can do it any time they want. 
And they can talk to the other insur-
ers, and say: Hey, we are taking that 
drug off our list. Will you take it off 
your list, because we don’t want people 
to switch to your plan. 
That is all legal now. 
Mr. Speaker, after this bill passes, it 
will no longer be legal. This will be a 
tremendous service to the American 
people at any time in history, but par-
ticularly now in times of COVID and 
crisis. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support this legislation. 
Mr. ARMSTRONG. Mr. Speaker, this 
is a good bill. I urge my colleagues to 
support it, and I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. SCANLON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Healthy competition in health insur-
ance markets is one of the most crit-
ical elements for ensuring that Ameri-
cans have access to high-quality, af-
fordable healthcare. When insurance 
companies are forced to compete, the 
American people win. 
Unfortunately, too many families are 
still paying higher premiums and out- 
of-pocket costs, in part, because of 
anticompetitive practices that health 
insurance giants are allowed to engage 
in under existing law. 
What is more, there is a statutory 
loophole for this conduct that allows 
insurers to engage in egregious actions 
like price-fixing, bid-rigging, and mar-
ket allocation with total impunity so 
long as they are engaged in the busi-
ness of insurance and it is regulated by 
a State. 
There should be no safe harbor what-
soever for this conduct which allows 
insurers to increase the cost of health 
insurance and impose additional bur-
dens on families across our Nation 
when they are already struggling to 
make ends meet. 
Health insurance companies should 
be subject to antitrust liability to the 
extent that they collude or otherwise 
engage in anticompetitive behavior. 
H.R. 1418 would achieve this result. 
Mr. 
Speaker, 
I 
thank 
Chairman 
DEFAZIO for his leadership on this bill, 
and I urge my colleagues to vote in 
favor of this legislation that is long 
overdue. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by 
the gentlewoman from Pennsylvania 
(Ms. SCANLON) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1418, as 
amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as 
amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
SAVANNA’S ACT 
Ms. SCANLON. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill 
(S. 227) to direct the Attorney General 
to review, revise, and develop law en-
forcement and justice protocols appro-
priate to address missing and murdered 
Indians, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 227 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as ‘‘Savanna’s Act’’. 
SEC. 2. PURPOSES. 
The purposes of this Act are— 
(1) to clarify the responsibilities of Fed-
eral, State, Tribal, and local law enforce-
ment agencies with respect to responding to 
cases of missing or murdered Indians; 
(2) to increase coordination and commu-
nication among Federal, State, Tribal, and 
local law enforcement agencies, including 
medical examiner and coroner offices; 
(3) to empower Tribal governments with 
the resources and information necessary to 
effectively respond to cases of missing or 
murdered Indians; and 
(4) to increase the collection of data re-
lated to missing or murdered Indian men, 
women, and children, regardless of where 
they reside, and the sharing of information 
among Federal, State, and Tribal officials 
responsible for responding to and inves-
tigating cases of missing or murdered Indi-
ans. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: 
(1) CONFER.—The term ‘‘confer’’ has the 
meaning given the term in section 514 of the 
Indian Health Care Improvement Act (25 
U.S.C. 1660d). 
(2) 
DATABASES.—The 
term 
‘‘databases’’ 
means— 
(A) the National Crime Information Center 
database; 
(B) the Combined DNA Index System; 
(C) the Next Generation Identification Sys-
tem; and 
(D) any other database relevant to re-
sponding to cases of missing or murdered In-
dians, including that under the Violent 
Criminal Apprehension Program and the Na-
tional Missing and Unidentified Persons Sys-
tem. 
(3) INDIAN.—The term ‘‘Indian’’ means a 
member of an Indian Tribe. 
(4) INDIAN
COUNTRY.—The term ‘‘Indian 
country’’ has the meaning given the term in 
section 1151 of title 18, United States Code. 
(5) INDIAN LAND.—The term ‘‘Indian land’’ 
means Indian lands, as defined in section 3 of 
the Native American Business Development, 
Trade Promotion, and Tourism Act of 2000 
(25 U.S.C. 4302). 
(6) INDIAN TRIBE.—The term ‘‘Indian Tribe’’ 
has the meaning given the term ‘‘Indian 
tribe’’ in section 4 of the Indian Self-Deter-
mination and Education Assistance Act (25 
U.S.C. 5304). 
(7) LAW ENFORCEMENT AGENCY.—The term 
‘‘law enforcement agency’’ means a Tribal, 
Federal, State, or local law enforcement 
agency. 
SEC. 4. IMPROVING TRIBAL ACCESS TO DATA-
BASES. 
(a) TRIBAL ENROLLMENT INFORMATION.—The 
Attorney General shall provide training to 
law enforcement agencies regarding how to 
record the Tribal enrollment information or 
affiliation, as appropriate, of a victim in 
Federal databases. 
(b) CONSULTATION.— 
(1) CONSULTATION.—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the 
Attorney General, in cooperation with the 
Secretary of the Interior, shall complete a 
formal consultation with Indian Tribes on 
how to further improve Tribal data relevance 
and access to databases. 
(2) INITIAL CONFER.—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the 
Attorney General, in coordination with the 
Secretary of the Interior, shall confer with 
Tribal organizations and urban Indian orga-
nizations on how to further improve Amer-
ican Indian and Alaska Native data rel-
evance and access to databases. 
(3) ANNUAL
CONSULTATION.—Section 903(b) 
of the Violence Against Women and Depart-
ment of Justice Reauthorization Act of 2005 
(34 U.S.C. 20126) is amended— 
(A) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(2) enhancing the safety of Indian women 
from domestic violence, dating violence, sex-
ual assault, homicide, stalking, and sex traf-
ficking;’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(4) improving access to local, regional, 
State, and Federal crime information data-
bases and criminal justice information sys-
tems.’’. 
(c) NOTIFICATION.—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the 
Attorney General shall— 
(1) develop and implement a dissemination 
strategy to educate the public of the Na-
tional Missing and Unidentified Persons Sys-
tem; and 
(2) conduct specific outreach to Indian 
Tribes, Tribal organizations, and urban In-
dian organizations regarding the ability to 
publicly enter information, through the Na-
tional Missing and Unidentified Persons Sys-
tem or other non-law enforcement sensitive 
portal, regarding missing persons, which 
may include family members and other 
known acquaintances. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:15 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00025
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K21SE7.039
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 24-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4574 
September 21, 2020 
SEC. 5. GUIDELINES FOR RESPONDING TO CASES 
OF MISSING OR MURDERED INDI-
ANS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 60 days 
after the date on which the consultation de-
scribed in section 4(b)(1) is completed, the 
Attorney General shall direct United States 
attorneys to develop regionally appropriate 
guidelines to respond to cases of missing or 
murdered Indians that shall include— 
(1) guidelines on inter-jurisdictional co-
operation among law enforcement agencies 
at the Tribal, Federal, State, and local lev-
els, including inter-jurisdictional enforce-
ment of protection orders and detailing spe-
cific responsibilities of each law enforcement 
agency; 
(2) best practices in conducting searches 
for missing persons on and off Indian land; 
(3) standards on the collection, reporting, 
and analysis of data and information on 
missing persons and unidentified human re-
mains, and information on culturally appro-
priate identification and handling of human 
remains identified as Indian, including guid-
ance stating that all appropriate informa-
tion related to missing or murdered Indians 
be entered in a timely manner into applica-
ble databases; 
(4) guidance on which law enforcement 
agency is responsible for inputting informa-
tion into appropriate databases under para-
graph (3) if the Tribal law enforcement agen-
cy does not have access to those appropriate 
databases; 
(5) guidelines on improving law enforce-
ment agency response rates and follow-up re-
sponses to cases of missing or murdered Indi-
ans; and 
(6) guidelines on ensuring access to cul-
turally appropriate victim services for vic-
tims and their families. 
(b) CONSULTATION.—United States attor-
neys shall develop the guidelines required 
under subsection (a) in consultation with In-
dian Tribes and other relevant partners, in-
cluding— 
(1) the Department of Justice; 
(2) the Federal Bureau of Investigation; 
(3) the Department of the Interior; 
(4) the Bureau of Indian Affairs; 
(5) Tribal, State, and local law enforce-
ment agencies; 
(6) medical examiners; 
(7) coroners; 
(8) Tribal, State, and local organizations 
that provide victim services; and 
(9) national, regional, or urban Indian or-
ganizations with relevant expertise. 
(c) COMPLIANCE.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the United 
States attorneys shall implement, by incor-
porating into office policies and procedures, 
the guidelines developed under subsection 
(a). 
(2) MODIFICATION.—Each Federal law en-
forcement agency shall modify the guide-
lines, policies, and protocols of the agency to 
incorporate the guidelines developed under 
subsection (a). 
(3) DETERMINATION.—Not later than the end 
of each fiscal year beginning after the date 
the guidelines are established under this sec-
tion and incorporated under this subsection, 
upon the request of a Tribal, State, or local 
law enforcement agency, the Attorney Gen-
eral shall determine whether the Tribal, 
State, or local law enforcement agency seek-
ing recognition of compliance has incor-
porated guidelines into their respective 
guidelines, policies, and protocols. 
(d) ACCOUNTABILITY.—Not later than 30 
days after compliance determinations are 
made each fiscal year in accordance with 
subsection 
(c)(3), 
the 
Attorney 
General 
shall— 
(1) disclose and publish, including on the 
website of the Department of Justice, the 
name of each Tribal, State, or local law en-
forcement agency that the Attorney General 
has determined has incorporated guidelines 
in accordance with subsection (c)(3); 
(2) disclose and publish, including on the 
website of the Department of Justice, the 
name of each Tribal, State, or local law en-
forcement agency that has requested a deter-
mination in accordance with subsection 
(c)(3) that is pending; 
(3) collect the guidelines into a resource of 
examples and best practices that can be used 
by other law enforcement agencies seeking 
to create and implement such guidelines. 
(e) TRAINING AND TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE.— 
The Attorney General shall use the National 
Indian Country Training Initiative to pro-
vide training and technical assistance to In-
dian Tribes and law enforcement agencies 
on— 
(1) implementing the guidelines developed 
under subsection (a) or developing and im-
plementing locally specific guidelines or pro-
tocols for responding to cases of missing or 
murdered Indians; and 
(2) using the National Missing and Uniden-
tified Persons System and accessing program 
services that will assist Indian Tribes with 
responding to cases of missing or murdered 
Indians. 
(f) GUIDELINES FROM INDIAN TRIBES.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Indian Tribes may submit 
their own guidelines to respond to cases of 
missing or murdered Indians to the Attorney 
General. 
(2) PUBLICATION.—Upon receipt of any 
guidelines from an Indian Tribe, the Attor-
ney General shall publish the guidelines on 
the website of the Department of Justice in 
1 centralized location to make the guidelines 
available as a resource to any Federal agen-
cy, State, or Tribal government. 
SEC. 6. ANNUAL REPORTING REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) ANNUAL REPORTING.—Beginning in the 
first fiscal year after the date of enactment 
of this Act, the Attorney General shall in-
clude in its annual Indian Country Investiga-
tions and Prosecutions report to Congress in-
formation that— 
(1) includes known statistics on missing In-
dians in the United States, available to the 
Department of Justice, including— 
(A) age; 
(B) gender; 
(C) Tribal enrollment information or affili-
ation, if available; 
(D) the current number of open cases per 
State; 
(E) the total number of closed cases per 
State each calendar year, from the most re-
cent 10 calendar years; and 
(F) other relevant information the Attor-
ney General determines is appropriate; 
(2) includes known statistics on murdered 
Indians in the United States, available to the 
Department of Justice, including— 
(A) age; 
(B) gender; 
(C) Tribal enrollment information or affili-
ation, if available; 
(D) the current number of open cases per 
State; 
(E) the total number of closed cases per 
State each calendar year, from the most re-
cent 10 calendar years; and 
(F) other relevant information the Attor-
ney General determines is appropriate; 
(3) maintains victim privacy to the great-
est extent possible by excluding information 
that can be used on its own or with other in-
formation to identify, contact, or locate a 
single person, or to identify an individual in 
context; and 
(4) includes— 
(A) an explanation of why the statistics de-
scribed in paragraph (1) may not be com-
prehensive; and 
(B) recommendations on how data collec-
tion on missing or murdered Indians may be 
improved. 
(b) COMPLIANCE.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Beginning in the first fis-
cal year after the date of enactment of this 
Act, and annually thereafter, for the purpose 
of compiling accurate data for the annual re-
port required under subsection (a), the At-
torney General shall request all Tribal, 
State, and local law enforcement agencies to 
submit to the Department of Justice, to the 
fullest extent possible, all relevant informa-
tion pertaining to missing or murdered Indi-
ans collected by the Tribal, State, and local 
law enforcement agency, and in a format 
provided by the Department of Justice that 
ensures the streamlining of data reporting. 
(2) DISCLOSURE.—The Attorney General 
shall disclose and publish annually, includ-
ing on the website of the Department of Jus-
tice, the name of each Tribal, State, or local 
law enforcement agency that the Attorney 
General has determined has submitted the 
information requested under paragraph (1) 
for the fiscal year in which the report was 
published. 
(c) INCLUSION OF GENDER IN MISSING AND 
UNIDENTIFIED
PERSONS
STATISTICS.—Begin-
ning in the first calendar year after the date 
of enactment of this Act, and annually 
thereafter, the Federal Bureau of Investiga-
tion shall include gender in its annual statis-
tics on missing and unidentified persons pub-
lished on its public website. 
SEC. 7. IMPLEMENTATION AND INCENTIVE. 
(a) GRANT AUTHORITY.—Section 2101(b) of 
the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets 
Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10461(b)) is amended by 
adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(23) To develop, strengthen, and imple-
ment policies, protocols, and training for law 
enforcement regarding cases of missing or 
murdered Indians, as described in section 5 of 
Savanna’s Act. 
‘‘(24) To compile and annually report data 
to the Attorney General related to missing 
or murdered Indians, as described in section 
6 of Savanna’s Act.’’. 
(b) GRANTS
TO
INDIAN
TRIBAL
GOVERN-
MENTS.—Section 2015 of the Omnibus Crime 
Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 
U.S.C. 10452(a)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (9), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in paragraph (10), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(11) develop, strengthen, and implement 
policies, protocols, and training for law en-
forcement regarding cases of missing or mur-
dered Indians, as described in section 5 of Sa-
vanna’s Act; and 
‘‘(12) compile and annually report data to 
the Attorney General related to missing or 
murdered Indians, as described in section 6 of 
Savanna’s Act.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from 
Pennsylvania (Ms. SCANLON) and the 
gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. 
ARMSTRONG) each will control 20 min-
utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Ms. SCANLON. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members 
have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-
tend their remarks and include extra-
neous material on the bill under con-
sideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-
woman from Pennsylvania? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:15 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00026
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A21SE7.020
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 25-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4575 
September 21, 2020 
There was no objection. 
Ms. SCANLON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, S. 227, Savanna’s Act, 
responds to the epidemic of missing 
and murdered Native Americans. This 
crisis is appalling and threatens mil-
lions of innocent people living both on 
Tribal lands and beyond. 
This bill is a bipartisan effort intro-
duced by Alaska Senator LISA MUR-
KOWSKI and passed by the Senate by 
unanimous consent last March. 
b 1345 
I want to especially commend the 
leadership of Representative NORMA 
TORRES, who introduced the House 
companion in 2019 and has been a con-
stant champion for Savanna’s Act here 
in the House. 
The available data indicates that vio-
lence against Native Americans is par-
ticularly high. In some Tribal commu-
nities, Native American women experi-
ence murder rates that are more than 
10 times the national average. This is 
unacceptable. 
Savanna’s Act is named in honor of 
Savanna 
LaFontaine-Greywind, 
a 
member of the Spirit Lake Tribe, who 
vanished from her apartment in Fargo, 
North Dakota, while 8 months preg-
nant. Eight days after she disappeared, 
her body was found wrapped in plastic 
in the Red River. 
This 
legislation 
empowers 
Tribal 
governments with the resources and in-
formation necessary to respond to 
cases of missing or murdered Native 
Americans like Savanna and to in-
crease the collection of data in such 
cases. It also increases coordination 
and communication among the Fed-
eral, State, and Tribal officials respon-
sible for investing these cases in a vari-
ety of ways. 
This legislation provides best prac-
tices in conducting searches for miss-
ing persons on and off Native American 
land; establishes standards on the col-
lection, reporting, and analysis of data 
and information on missing persons 
and unidentified human remains; and 
will lead to the culturally appropriate 
identification and handling of human 
remains identified as Native Ameri-
cans. 
Savanna’s Act provides guidance on 
which law enforcement agency is re-
sponsible for inputting information 
into databases, guidance on improving 
agency response rates and followup to 
cases of missing and murdered Native 
Americans, and guidance on ensuring 
access to culturally appropriate victim 
services. 
Lastly and most importantly, Savan-
na’s Act adds two new purpose areas to 
two existing grant programs adminis-
tered by the Justice Department, spe-
cifically, allowing grantees to use 
funds to implement policies, protocols, 
and training for law enforcement re-
garding cases of missing or murdered 
Native Americans, and to compile and 
report data to the Attorney General. 
In short, this important legislation 
will help address the alarming cases of 
missing and murdered Native Ameri-
cans in a robust and effective way. I 
strongly urge my colleagues to support 
it. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. ARMSTRONG. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 
227, Savanna’s Act. 
Savanna’s Act is named after Sa-
vanna LaFontaine-Greywind, a 22-year- 
old member of the Spirit Lake Tribe, 
who was murdered in my district in 
August of 2017. Her disappearance and 
murder devastated the community and 
the entire State of North Dakota. 
Tragically, Savanna was found dead 8 
days after she was reported missing. 
Thankfully, her baby was found alive, 
despite 
being 
cut 
from 
Savanna’s 
womb. Savanna’s story brought to 
light the fact that the data regarding 
missing and murdered indigenous peo-
ple, particularly women and girls, is 
scattered across various government 
databases, if it even exists at all. 
Savanna’s heartbreaking story, un-
fortunately, is not unique. A woman 
named Olivia Lone Bear disappeared 
from the Fort Berthold Reservation 
just a month later, in October of 2017. 
She was found in a submerged truck in 
Lake Sakakawea in July of 2018. 
These are just two recent examples 
from my State. There are hundreds 
more across the Nation. 
Savanna’s Act will begin to help ad-
dress this crisis of missing and mur-
dered indigenous people. The bill will 
establish guidelines and best practices 
for law enforcement agencies across 
the country. It will also improve co-
ordination amongst those agencies. Fi-
nally, it will enhance reporting, record-
keeping, and communication for law 
enforcement and families of victims. 
This legislation is needed because 
Native American and Alaska Native 
women face a murder rate 10 times 
higher than the national average. 
Shockingly, 84 percent of women in 
these communities experience some 
form of violence in their lifetime. 
The rural nature of most Native 
American communities, increased lev-
els of poverty and addiction, and other 
circumstances pose unique challenges. 
Because of outdated databases and lack 
of coordination between law enforce-
ment agencies, there is no reliable way 
of 
knowing 
how 
many 
indigenous 
women actually do go missing each 
year. 
Savanna’s Act addresses this dis-
turbing increase in missing and mur-
dered Native American women by cre-
ating new guidelines for investigation 
of these cases and by incentivizing the 
implementation of these new guide-
lines. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
supporting S. 227, and I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Ms. SCANLON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-
fornia (Mrs. TORRES). 
Mrs. TORRES of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I stand here today in honor of 
Savanna LaFontaine-Greywind and the 
Native American women missing and 
murdered with no justice in sight. 
Savanna was just 22, a member of the 
Spirit Lake Tribe. She was 8 months 
pregnant and expecting her baby any 
day when she was murdered in August 
of 2017. A neighbor in her apartment 
building lured her next door and at-
tacked her. When her body was found, 
the coroner could not determine if the 
cause of death was the loss of blood 
from the vicious wounds on her body or 
strangulation from the rope around her 
neck. 
Instead of getting to hold her brand- 
new baby in her arms and imagining a 
bright future for herself and her little 
one, Savanna’s future was cut short. 
Savanna’s death shines a light on a 
horrific reality in this country where 
Native American women face a murder 
rate 10 times higher than the national 
average. 
The statistics should shock everyone 
listening to this debate. Eighty-four 
percent of Native women experience 
some form of violence in their life-
time—84 percent. Think of your 50 clos-
est friends and family members, and 
now imagine 42 out of those 50 experi-
encing some type of violence. 
We cannot stand silent. We stand to-
gether, heartbroken, disgusting, and 
horrified, but we cannot stand back 
and do nothing. 
I introduced the House version of Sa-
vanna’s Act to address the disturbing 
rates of missing and murdered Native 
American women, and I was very hon-
ored to have the opportunity to work 
with my good friend, Ms. HAALAND, 
across the aisle with Mr. NEWHOUSE, 
and with Senator MURKOWSKI and Sen-
ator CORTEZ
MASTO
on the Senate 
version. We came together as Demo-
crats and Republicans. We met many, 
many, many times to ensure that this 
was a bill that all of our colleagues 
could stand for and support and right a 
wrong for Native American women. 
To date, there is no reliable way of 
knowing how many Native women go 
missing each year because the data-
bases that hold statistics of these cases 
are outdated. A lack of coordination 
between law enforcement agencies only 
adds to the confusion, and, as a result, 
murderers get away with killing Native 
American women. 
This bill will finally ensure the De-
partment of Justice, State and local 
law enforcement agencies, and our 
communities can work together to ad-
dress this violence. 
Because of this bill, the Department 
of Justice will develop regionally ap-
propriate guidelines for response to 
cases of missing and murdered Native 
Americans, and the DOJ will provide 
training and technical assistance to 
Tribes and law enforcement agencies 
for implementation of the developed 
guidelines. 
In addition, this bill will authorize 
grants to ensure that all members of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:58 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00027
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K21SE7.041
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 26-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4576 
September 21, 2020 
our community are effectively working 
together to stop the kidnapping and 
murdering of Native women. 
Native women have endured horrific 
rates of assault, rape, and murder for 
far too long, and I hope this bill brings 
some closure to Savanna’s family and 
the countless family members in Na-
tive communities who live with the 
pain of a lost loved one every day. 
Let me be clear: It is their unwaver-
ing advocacy that made this day a re-
ality, and an untold number of lives 
will be saved as a result. 
Mr. ARMSTRONG. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 10 minutes to the gentleman from 
Washington (Mr. NEWHOUSE). 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, this is 
a monumental day. I am proud to rise 
alongside my colleagues on both sides 
of the aisle to speak out in support of 
our legislation, which aims to address 
a crisis afflicting our Nation: that of 
missing 
and 
murdered 
indigenous 
women. 
I hail from the State of Washington, 
and I am very familiar with how Native 
American Tribes are deeply integrated 
into the culture of the Pacific North-
west, as well as our whole country. 
I was raised just across the river 
from the Yakama Nation reservation 
in central Washington, but I have got 
to say, I, like many others, was not 
aware of the disproportionate murder 
rate indigenous women suffer, 10 times 
the national average. 
At the end of 2018, this crisis and the 
need for a solution was brought to me 
by the Tribal communities that I rep-
resent, and I was made aware of just 
how devastating the shortfalls of our 
justice system are for Native American 
and Alaska Native women and girls. 
While the statistics we have are abso-
lutely staggering—and you have heard 
them—the fact of the matter is we 
don’t even know the full extent of the 
crisis. 
In my home State of Washington, Na-
tive Americans make up about 2 per-
cent of the State’s population, but a re-
cent report by the Washington State 
Patrol shows that indigenous women 
account for 7 percent of the State’s re-
ported missing women. The families of 
dozens of women still await answers as 
cases of missing or murdered indige-
nous women remain open or turn cold. 
Yet this crisis has gone on for dec-
ades, with little to no action by the 
Federal Government. Complicated law 
enforcement jurisdictions have caused 
many problems throughout these in-
vestigations, and far too many Tribal 
law enforcement agencies lack the re-
sources or access to critical databases 
to help solve these cases, which is why, 
when Savanna’s Act failed to receive a 
vote on the House floor in the 115th 
Congress, I was determined to bring 
forward solutions in order to get this 
bill signed into law. 
I was very proud to work with Rep-
resentatives TORRES and HAALAND and 
others, in collaboration with Tribes, 
the Department of Justice, and many 
others, to improve upon that legisla-
tion. The product is a broadly bipar-
tisan bill that has passed unanimously 
in both the House Judiciary Committee 
as well as the United States Senate. 
We worked to create legislation that 
will bring focus to this crisis and im-
prove the coordination between Fed-
eral, State, local, and Tribal law en-
forcement agencies. 
This legislation aims to provide a 
sense of hope to the loved ones of these 
women by developing guidelines and 
best practices for Tribes and law en-
forcement agencies across the country, 
by enhancing reporting and record-
keeping of crimes against indigenous 
women, and by improving communica-
tion between law enforcement and the 
families of these victims. 
This bill and this effort to bring 
awareness to the missing and murdered 
Native women across the country will 
go a long way to finally delivering jus-
tice to our communities. 
Tribes across the country, including 
those that I represent, have thrown 
their support behind this legislation. In 
fact, last year, I walked alongside the 
then-chairman of the Yakama Tribe, as 
well as Councilwoman Lottie Sam, 
through the Halls of Congress, visiting 
Chairman 
GRIJALVA, 
Subcommittee 
Chairman GALLEGO, as well as Sub-
committee Chairwoman BASS. These 
Yakama 
Nation 
officials 
traveled 
across the country, Mr. Speaker, more 
than 2,500 miles, to advocate for the 
passage of Savanna’s Act and other leg-
islation to address this crisis. 
The bill is named, as you have heard 
the story, in honor of Savanna LaFon-
taine-Greywind, who was a 22-year-old 
member of the Spirit Lake Tribe, preg-
nant with her first child, who was mur-
dered in August of 2017. 
Since the introduction of Savanna’s 
Act in the House, the remains of a 
Yakama 
Nation 
woman, 
Rosenda 
Strong, were found on the reservation. 
Her horrific murder, today, remains 
unsolved. 
Thankfully, justice was served upon 
Savanna’s murderers. We owe the same 
justice to Rosenda and all of the miss-
ing and murdered indigenous women 
across this country. 
The passage of this bill today will 
demonstrate a long-awaited and nec-
essary change. As I mentioned, this cri-
sis has been going on for decades. Poli-
ticians on both sides of the aisle have 
promised action and failed to deliver. 
b 1400 
I have been asked: What is different 
now? Why do you think progress can be 
made? 
And I can honestly tell you, the main 
difference I have seen is that our Na-
tive 
communities 
are 
leading 
the 
charge. They have had enough, and 
they no longer will suffer in silence. 
Throughout central Washington and 
across the country, the families of 
loved ones of thousands of missing or 
murdered indigenous women are await-
ing justice. 
It is because of their voices and their 
strong advocacy that I am here today, 
urging my colleagues throughout this 
legislative body to support passage of 
Savanna’s 
Act. 
And, 
finally, 
Mr. 
Speaker, we can send this legislation 
to President Trump’s desk to be signed 
into law. 
Ms. SCANLON. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. ARMSTRONG. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank Mrs. TORRES, 
Mr. NEWHOUSE, and my colleagues in 
the Senate, Senator CRAMER and Sen-
ator HOEVEN. This is not the first time 
in my short time in Congress that I 
have been on the floor talking about 
this bill, and I think it is also impor-
tant to remember people who came be-
fore us. Senator Heitkamp was a cham-
pion of this in the last Congress. And 
through this process we have gotten a 
more targeted and workable solution. 
This bill allows U.S. Attorneys in In-
dian Country more autonomy and au-
thority that is important to law en-
forcement, and that is particularly im-
portant in missing cases. And I think it 
is also important to recognize that 
these don’t always happen in rural 
areas or actually on the reservation. 
Savanna Greywind, while a member 
of the Spirit Lake Tribe, was in Fargo, 
North Dakota, the largest city in my 
State when this incident occurred. 
So this is a good bill, it has been a 
long time coming, and I really appre-
ciate everybody’s hard work. With 
that, I recommend we pass it, and I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. SCANLON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, Savanna’s Act is an im-
portant measure to ensure the safety of 
Native American women and men in 
communities across the United States, 
for all of the reasons discussed here 
today. 
We are so grateful to Representative 
TORRES, 
Representative 
NEWHOUSE, 
Representative ARMSTRONG, and Rep-
resentative HAALAND, for moving this 
legislation forward. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
join me in supporting this bipartisan 
legislation, and I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by 
the gentlewoman from Pennsylvania 
(Ms. SCANLON) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, S. 227. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was 
passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
EFFECTIVE ASSISTANCE OF COUN-
SEL IN THE DIGITAL ERA ACT 
Ms. SCANLON. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill 
(H.R. 5546) to regulate monitoring of 
electronic communications between an 
incarcerated person in a Bureau of 
Prisons facility and that person’s at-
torney or other legal representative, 
and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:15 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00028
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K21SE7.043
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 27-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4577 
September 21, 2020 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5546 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Effective As-
sistance of Counsel in the Digital Era Act’’. 
SEC. 
2. 
ELECTRONIC 
COMMUNICATIONS 
BE-
TWEEN AN INCARCERATED PERSON 
AND THE PERSON’S ATTORNEY. 
(a) PROHIBITION ON MONITORING.—Not later 
than 180 days after the date of the enactment 
of this Act, the Attorney General shall cre-
ate a program or system, or modify any pro-
gram or system that exists on the date of en-
actment of this Act, through which an incar-
cerated person sends or receives an elec-
tronic communication, to exclude from mon-
itoring the contents of any privileged elec-
tronic communication. In the case that the 
Attorney General creates a program or sys-
tem in accordance with this subsection, the 
Attorney General shall, upon implementing 
such system, discontinue using any program 
or system that exists on the date of enact-
ment of this Act through which an incarcer-
ated person sends or receives a privileged 
electronic communication, except that any 
program or system that exists on such date 
may continue to be used for any other elec-
tronic communication. 
(b) RETENTION OF CONTENTS.—A program or 
system or a modification to a program or 
system under subsection (a) may allow for 
retention by the Bureau of Prisons of, and 
access by an incarcerated person to, the con-
tents of electronic communications, includ-
ing the contents of privileged electronic 
communications, of the person until the date 
on which the person is released from prison. 
(c) ATTORNEY-CLIENT
PRIVILEGE.—Attor-
ney-client privilege, and the protections and 
limitations associated with such privilege 
(including the crime fraud exception), ap-
plies to electronic communications sent or 
received through the program or system es-
tablished or modified under subsection (a). 
(d) ACCESSING RETAINED CONTENTS.—Con-
tents retained under subsection (b) may only 
be accessed by a person other than the incar-
cerated person for whom such contents are 
retained under the following circumstances: 
(1) 
ATTORNEY
GENERAL.—The 
Attorney 
General may only access retained contents if 
necessary for the purpose of creating and 
maintaining the program or system, or any 
modification to the program or system, 
through which an incarcerated person sends 
or receives electronic communications. The 
Attorney General may not review retained 
contents that are accessed pursuant to this 
paragraph. 
(2) INVESTIGATIVE
AND
LAW
ENFORCEMENT 
OFFICERS.— 
(A) WARRANT.— 
(i) IN
GENERAL.—Retained contents may 
only be accessed by an investigative or law 
enforcement officer pursuant to a warrant 
issued by a court pursuant to the procedures 
described in the Federal Rules of Criminal 
Procedure. 
(ii) APPROVAL.—No application for a war-
rant may be made to a court without the ex-
press approval of a United States Attorney 
or an Assistant Attorney General. 
(B) PRIVILEGED INFORMATION.— 
(i) REVIEW.—Before retained contents may 
be accessed pursuant to a warrant obtained 
under subparagraph (A), such contents shall 
be reviewed by a United States Attorney to 
ensure that privileged electronic commu-
nications are not accessible. 
(ii) 
BARRING
PARTICIPATION.—A 
United 
States Attorney who reviews retained con-
tents pursuant to clause (i) shall be barred 
from— 
(I) participating in a legal proceeding in 
which an individual who sent or received an 
electronic communication from which such 
contents are retained under subsection (b) is 
a defendant; or 
(II) sharing the retained contents with an 
attorney who is participating in such a legal 
proceeding. 
(3) MOTION
TO
SUPPRESS.—In a case in 
which retained contents have been accessed 
in violation of this subsection, a court may 
suppress evidence obtained or derived from 
access to such contents upon motion of the 
defendant. 
(e) DEFINITIONS.—In this Act— 
(1) the term ‘‘agent of an attorney or legal 
representative’’ means any person employed 
by or contracting with an attorney or legal 
representative, including law clerks, interns, 
investigators, paraprofessionals, and admin-
istrative staff; 
(2) the term ‘‘contents’’ has the meaning 
given such term in 2510 of title 18, United 
States Code; 
(3) the term ‘‘electronic communication’’ 
has the meaning given such term in section 
2510 of title 18, United States Code, and in-
cludes the Trust Fund Limited Inmate Com-
puter System; 
(4) the term ‘‘monitoring’’ means accessing 
the contents of an electronic communication 
at any time after such communication is 
sent; 
(5) the term ‘‘incarcerated person’’ means 
any individual in the custody of the Bureau 
of Prisons or the United States Marshals 
Service who has been charged with or con-
victed of an offense against the United 
States, including such an individual who is 
imprisoned in a State institution; and 
(6) the term ‘‘privileged electronic commu-
nication’’ means— 
(A) any electronic communication between 
an incarcerated person and a potential, cur-
rent, or former attorney or legal representa-
tive of such a person; and 
(B) any electronic communication between 
an incarcerated person and the agent of an 
attorney or legal representative described in 
subparagraph (A). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from 
Pennsylvania (Ms. SCANLON) and the 
gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. 
ARMSTRONG) each will control 20 min-
utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Ms. SCANLON. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members 
may have 5 legislative days to revise 
and extend their remarks and include 
extraneous material on the bill under 
consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-
woman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. 
Ms. SCANLON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5546, the Effective 
Assistance of Counsel in the Digital 
Era Act would require the Federal Bu-
reau of Prisons to establish a system to 
exempt from monitoring any privileged 
electronic communications between in-
carcerated individuals and their attor-
neys or legal representatives. 
The Sixth Amendment to the U.S. 
Constitution provides the right to 
counsel to assist in the defense of those 
accused of criminal offenses. In order 
to represent their clients in an effec-
tive manner, defense attorneys must 
have the ability to communicate can-
didly with their clients. 
The attorney-client privilege, which 
keeps communications between indi-
viduals and their attorneys confiden-
tial, exists, in part, to foster this sort 
of open communication. 
This privilege, of course, does not 
protect communications between a cli-
ent and an attorney made in further-
ance of, or in order to cover up a crime 
or fraud, also known as the crime-fraud 
exception. But to ensure free and open 
communication 
between 
individuals 
and their attorneys—a fundamental 
component of the effective assistance 
of counsel guaranteed by the Constitu-
tion—other communications between 
them may remain private. 
It goes without saying that defend-
ants who are not in custody are less 
constrained in their ability to have 
candid conversations with their attor-
neys than those defendants who are in 
custody. 
Generally speaking, out-of-custody 
defendants can go to their attorneys’ 
offices, speak with them freely on the 
phone, or write letters back and forth 
with their attorneys without fear of in-
terference. To an extent, in-custody de-
fendants also have these protections: 
Bureau of Prisons regulations ensure 
that inmates are able to meet with 
their attorneys without auditory su-
pervision, and that they can talk on 
the phone and exchange letters with 
their attorneys without monitoring. 
But these same protections do not 
apply to email communications for the 
nearly 150,000 individuals currently in 
the Bureau of Prisons’ custody, many 
of whom are in pretrial detention and 
have not been convicted of any crime. 
Since 2009, email communications 
have been available for Bureau of Pris-
ons inmates through a system known 
as TRULINCS. TRULINCS requires in-
mates and their contacts to consent to 
monitoring, however, even in the case 
of communications between inmates 
and their attorneys. 
Over a decade ago, BOP clearly rec-
ognized the growing importance of 
email for purposes of efficiency and 
speed of communication between in-
mates and their outside contacts. Over 
time, email has rapidly grown into a 
primary means of communication be-
tween inmates and their attorneys, but 
without a system in place to maintain 
attorney-client privilege. Without that 
system, the Bureau of Prisons risks se-
verely hindering the effective represen-
tation of inmates. It is even more im-
portant for us to enable these confiden-
tial communications at this point in 
time, given that the pandemic has se-
verely hampered the ability of attor-
neys to meet with their clients in per-
son. 
It is well past time to rectify this 
problem. I am pleased that H.R. 5546 
would do just that, by requiring BOP to 
put in place a system that will exempt 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:15 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00029
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K21SE7.046
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 28-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4578 
September 21, 2020 
from monitoring any privileged elec-
tronic communications between incar-
cerated individuals and their attorneys 
or legal representatives. 
The bill also includes additional pro-
tections, including the requirement 
that the contents of electronic commu-
nications be destroyed when an inmate 
is released from prison, as well as au-
thorizing the suppression of evidence 
obtained or derived from access to in-
formation in violation of provisions set 
forth in this bill. 
This is an important bill, and one 
that has been needed for quite some 
time. I commend our colleagues, Rep-
resentatives 
HAKEEM
JEFFRIES
and 
DOUG
COLLINS, for their efforts and 
leadership in developing this bipartisan 
piece of legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-
leagues to join me in support of this 
bill today, and I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. ARMSTRONG. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of H.R. 5546, the Effective Assistance of 
Counsel in the Digital Era Act. 
As a defense attorney, I cannot over-
emphasize 
the 
importance 
of 
pro-
tecting attorney-client privilege. The 
ability to have confidential discussions 
with a client for the purpose of pro-
viding legal advice is foundational to 
providing effective assistance of coun-
sel. 
This bill will help modernize our 
criminal justice system by extending 
attorney-client privilege to electronic 
communications 
sent 
or 
received 
through the Bureau of Prisons’ email 
system. 
This will allow incarcerated individ-
uals to communicate with their attor-
neys efficiently and privately. And it 
would prohibit the Bureau of Prisons 
from monitoring privileged email com-
munications. 
We all agree that attorney-client 
privilege is a vital component of our 
legal system, as it helps to ensure that 
a criminal defendant has an effective 
advocate in the courtroom. 
Emails between incarcerated individ-
uals and their attorneys should abso-
lutely fall under attorney-client pro-
tections. This bill would protect the 
rights of incarcerated men and women 
to speak openly and honestly with 
their attorneys via email without fear 
that the prosecution is monitoring 
those communications. 
Other methods of communication, 
such as in-person meetings and letters, 
can be particularly burdensome and 
time consuming. Even if an attorney is 
in close proximity to the incarcerated 
client, it could take hours to travel to 
a detention facility and visit with that 
client. 
H.R. 5546 requires the Attorney Gen-
eral to ensure that BOP’s email system 
excludes the contents of electronic 
communications between an incarcer-
ated person and his or her attorney. 
The bill stipulates that the protec-
tions and limitations associated with 
attorney-client privilege, including the 
crime-fraud exception, apply to elec-
tronic communications. It does permit 
BOP to retain electronic communica-
tions until the incarcerated person is 
released but specifies that the contents 
may only be accessed under very lim-
ited circumstances. 
Finally, it allows a court to suppress 
evidence obtained or derived from ac-
cess to the retained contents if such 
access were granted in violation of the 
act. 
Congress must continually address 
the application of existing law to 
emerging technology. This is a com-
monsense application of existing law to 
a technology that is decades old. It is 
time we act. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
join me in supporting H.R. 5546, and I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. SCANLON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 
minutes to the gentleman from New 
York (Mr. JEFFRIES). 
Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the distinguished gentlewoman from 
the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania for 
her leadership and for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
5546, the Effective Assistance of Coun-
sel in the Digital Era Act. 
The Sixth Amendment to the United 
States Constitution provides that in all 
criminal prosecutions the accused shall 
have the assistance of counsel for his 
defense. 
To effectively represent a client and 
provide the best possible legal advice, 
an attorney must be fully informed 
about the facts of the case. But this 
can only be achieved through confiden-
tial communication between the attor-
ney and their client. That is why the 
attorney-client privilege is so critical. 
The Supreme Court stated in Lanza 
v. New York that ‘‘even in a jail, or 
perhaps especially there, the relation-
ships which the law has endowed with 
particularized 
confidentiality 
must 
continue to receive unceasing protec-
tion.’’ 
There are nearly 127,000 individuals 
currently in BOP custody, many of 
whom are in pretrial detention and 
have not been convicted of a crime. 
These Americans are innocent until 
proven guilty. Like any person in-
volved in a criminal proceeding, these 
individuals need to be able to confiden-
tially communicate with their attor-
neys in order to vindicate their rights 
under law. 
The bipartisan Effective Assistance 
of Counsel in the Digital Era Act will 
enable incarcerated individuals to com-
municate with their legal representa-
tives privately, efficiently, and safely 
by prohibiting the Bureau of Prisons 
from monitoring privileged electronic 
communications. 
While BOP regulations place protec-
tions on attorney visits, phone calls, 
and traditional mail, no such protec-
tions currently exist in the context of 
email communications sent through 
BOP’s electronic mail service, the 
Trust Fund Limited Inmate Computer 
System, 
otherwise 
known 
as 
TRULINCS. The TRULINCS email sys-
tem has become the easiest, fastest, 
and most efficient method of commu-
nication available to incarcerated indi-
viduals and their attorneys. 
Even a brief client visit can take 
hours, as the distinguished gentleman 
from North Dakota pointed out, hours 
out of an attorney’s day when you in-
clude travel and wait times. Confiden-
tial phone calls are often subject to 
time limitations and cannot usually be 
scheduled immediately. 
b 1415 
Postal mail can take an especially 
long time to reach an incarcerated in-
dividual because it must first be 
opened and screened. These delays 
should be unnecessary in a prison sys-
tem that currently permits electronic 
communications and would be if the at-
torney-client privilege was consist-
ently applied to email communication. 
The situation has become even more 
urgent in light of BOP’s decision to 
suspend legal visits as part of its 
COVID–19 Modified Operations Plan. 
To solve this challenge, H.R. 5546 
would require the Attorney General to 
ensure that the BOP email system ex-
cludes from monitoring the contents of 
electronic communications between an 
incarcerated person and their attorney. 
BOP would, of course, be allowed to 
retain the contents of those messages 
up until the incarcerated person is re-
leased, but they would be accessible 
only under very limited circumstances. 
The bill also allows a court to suppress 
evidence that is obtained or derived 
from illegal access to the retained con-
tents. 
Our criminal justice system depends 
on the attorney-client privilege to en-
sure that lawyers are able to effec-
tively represent their clients. That is 
why this legislation is so critical. 
I thank my good friend, Representa-
tive DOUG COLLINS, Chairman JERRY 
NADLER, and Ranking Member JIM JOR-
DAN for their leadership, as well as 
Members on both sides of the aisle. 
I also thank the ACLU, the American 
Bar Association, Americans for Pros-
perity, #cut50, Due Process Institute, 
Faith and Freedom Coalition, Families 
Against Mandatory Minimums, Federal 
Defenders, 
FreedomWorks, 
National 
Action Network, National Association 
of Criminal Defense Lawyers, Prison 
Fellowship, and Right on Crime for 
their support of this legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 5546. 
Mr. ARMSTRONG. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
I do appreciate this bill, and the only 
question I sometimes have is that it 
seems like email has been around for a 
long time, and we are just getting to it, 
but better later than never. 
But I also think it is really impor-
tant to recognize a lot of these cases 
are public defense cases. You will have 
public defenders who have bigger case-
loads than we would like sometimes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:15 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00030
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K21SE7.047
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 29-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4579 
September 21, 2020 
and clients that don’t necessarily trust 
the system. 
This is good for defendants. This is 
good for lawyers. This is good for over-
all faith in the criminal justice system. 
It protects people, and it doesn’t just 
protect the client who that public de-
fender is recognizing. It helps all of his 
other clients if he or she can commu-
nicate with all of their clients quicker 
and more efficiently. 
This is a really good bill. I urge ev-
erybody to support it, and I yield back 
the balance of my time. 
Ms. SCANLON. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 
5546 is an important measure to rein-
force the attorney-client privilege, an 
issue that is essential to the fair ad-
ministration of our criminal justice 
system and one that is even more ur-
gent in this pandemic. 
For all the reasons discussed here 
today, I urge my colleagues to join me 
in supporting this bipartisan legisla-
tion, and I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by 
the gentlewoman from Pennsylvania 
(Ms. SCANLON) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5546. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was 
passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
NOT INVISIBLE ACT OF 2019 
Ms. SCANLON. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill 
(S. 982) to increase intergovernmental 
coordination to identify and combat 
violent crime within Indian lands and 
of Indians. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 982 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Not Invis-
ible Act of 2019’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act— 
(1) the term ‘‘Commission’’ means the De-
partment of the Interior and the Department 
of Justice Joint Commission on Reducing 
Violent Crime Against Indians under section 
4; 
(2) the term ‘‘human trafficking’’ means 
act or practice described in paragraph (9) or 
paragraph (10) of section 103 of the Traf-
ficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 
U.S.C. 7102); 
(3) the term ‘‘Indian’’ means a member of 
an Indian tribe; 
(4) the terms ‘‘Indian lands’’ and ‘‘Indian 
tribe’’ have the meanings given the terms in 
section 3 of the Native American Business 
Development, Trade Promotion, and Tour-
ism Act of 2000 (25 U.S.C. 4302); and 
(5) the terms ‘‘urban centers’’ and ‘‘urban 
Indian organization’’ have the meanings 
given the terms in section 4 of the Indian 
Health Care Improvement Act (25 U.S.C. 
1603). 
SEC. 3. COORDINATOR OF FEDERAL EFFORTS TO 
COMBAT 
VIOLENCE 
AGAINST 
NA-
TIVE PEOPLE. 
(a) COORDINATOR
DESIGNATION.—The Sec-
retary of the Interior shall designate an offi-
cial within the Office of Justice Services in 
the Bureau of Indian Affairs who shall— 
(1) coordinate prevention efforts, grants, 
and programs related to the murder of, traf-
ficking of, and missing Indians across Fed-
eral agencies, including— 
(A) the Bureau of Indian Affairs; and 
(B) the Department of Justice, including— 
(i) the Office of Justice Programs; 
(ii) the Office on Violence Against Women; 
(iii) the Office of Community Oriented Po-
licing Services; 
(iv) the Federal Bureau of Investigation; 
and 
(v) the Office of Tribal Justice; 
(2) ensure prevention efforts, grants, and 
programs of Federal agencies related to the 
murder of, trafficking of, and missing Indi-
ans consider the unique challenges of com-
bating crime, violence, and human traf-
ficking of Indians and on Indian lands faced 
by Tribal communities, urban centers, the 
Bureau of Indian Affairs, Tribal law enforce-
ment, Federal law enforcement, and State 
and local law enforcement; 
(3) work in cooperation with outside orga-
nizations with expertise in working with In-
dian tribes and Indian Tribes to provide vic-
tim centered and culturally relevant train-
ing to tribal law enforcement, Indian Health 
Service health care providers, urban Indian 
organizations, Tribal community members 
and businesses, on how to effectively iden-
tify, respond to and report instances of miss-
ing persons, murder, and trafficking within 
Indian lands and of Indians; and 
(4) report directly to the Secretary of the 
Interior. 
(b) REPORT.—The official designated in 
subsection (a) shall submit to the Committee 
on Indian Affairs and the Committee on the 
Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee 
on Natural Resources and the Committee on 
the Judiciary of the House of Representa-
tives a report to provide information on Fed-
eral coordination efforts accomplished over 
the previous year that includes— 
(1) a summary of all coordination activi-
ties undertaken in compliance with this sec-
tion; 
(2) a summary of all trainings completed 
under subsection (a)(3); and 
(3) recommendations for improving coordi-
nation across Federal agencies and of rel-
evant Federal programs. 
SEC. 4. ESTABLISHMENT OF THE DEPARTMENT 
OF INTERIOR AND THE DEPART-
MENT OF JUSTICE JOINT COMMIS-
SION ON REDUCING VIOLENT CRIME 
AGAINST INDIANS. 
(a) ESTABLISHMENT.—Not later than 120 
days after the date of enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary of the Interior, in coordination 
with the Attorney General, shall establish 
and appoint all members of a joint commis-
sion on violent crime on Indian lands and 
against Indians. 
(b) MEMBERSHIP.— 
(1) COMPOSITION.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—The Commission shall be 
composed of members who represent diverse 
experiences and backgrounds that provide 
balanced points of view with regard to the 
duties of the Commission. 
(B) DIVERSITY.—To the greatest extent 
practicable, the Secretary of the Interior 
shall ensure the Commission includes Tribal 
representatives 
from 
diverse 
geographic 
areas and of diverse sizes. 
(2) APPOINTMENT.—The Secretary of the In-
terior, in coordination with the Attorney 
General, shall appoint the members to the 
Commission, 
including 
representatives 
from— 
(A) tribal law enforcement; 
(B) the Office of Justice Services of the Bu-
reau of Indian Affairs; 
(C) State and local law enforcement in 
close proximity to Indian lands, with a letter 
of recommendation from a local Indian 
Tribe; 
(D) the Victim Services Division of the 
Federal Bureau of Investigation; 
(E) the Department of Justice’s Human 
Trafficking Prosecution Unit; 
(F) the Office of Violence Against Women 
of the Department of Justice; 
(G) the Office of Victims of Crime of the 
Department of Justice; 
(H) a United States attorney’s office with 
experience in cases related to missing per-
sons, murder, or trafficking of Indians or on 
Indian land; 
(I) the Administration for Native Ameri-
cans of the Office of the Administration for 
Children & Families of the Department of 
Health and Human Services; 
(J) the Substance Abuse and Mental Health 
Services Administration of the Department 
of Health and Human Services; 
(K) a Tribal judge with experience in cases 
related to missing persons, murder, or traf-
ficking; 
(L) not fewer than 3 Indian Tribes from di-
verse geographic areas, including 1 Indian 
tribe located in Alaska, selected from nomi-
nations submitted by the Indian Tribe; 
(M) not fewer than 2 health care and men-
tal health practitioners and counselors and 
providers with experience in working with 
Indian survivors of trafficking and sexual as-
sault, with a letter of recommendation from 
a local tribal chair or tribal law enforcement 
officer; 
(N) not fewer than 3 national, regional, or 
urban Indian organizations focused on vio-
lence against women and children on Indian 
lands or against Indians; 
(O) at least 2 Indian survivors of human 
trafficking; 
(P) at least 2 family members of missing 
Indian people; 
(Q) at least 2 family members of murdered 
Indian people; 
(R) the National Institute of Justice; and 
(S) the Indian Health Service. 
(3) PERIODS
OF
APPOINTMENT.—Members 
shall be appointed for the duration of the 
Commission. 
(4) VACANCIES.—A vacancy in the Commis-
sion shall be filled in the manner in which 
the original appointment was made and shall 
not affect the powers or duties of the Com-
mission. 
(5) COMPENSATION.—Commission members 
shall serve without compensation. 
(6) TRAVEL
EXPENSES.—The Secretary of 
the Interior, in coordination with the Attor-
ney General, shall consider the provision of 
travel expenses, including per diem, to Com-
mission members when appropriate. 
(c) DUTIES.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Commission may hold 
such hearings, meet and act at times and 
places, take such testimony, and receive 
such evidence as the Commission considers 
to be advisable to carry out the duties of the 
Commission under this section. 
(2) RECOMMENDATIONS FOR THE DEPARTMENT 
OF INTERIOR AND DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—The Commission shall de-
velop recommendations to the Secretary of 
the Interior and Attorney General on actions 
the Federal Government can take to help 
combat violent crime against Indians and 
within Indian lands, including the develop-
ment and implementation of recommenda-
tions for— 
(i) identifying, reporting, and responding 
to instances of missing persons, murder, and 
human trafficking on Indian lands and of In-
dians; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:15 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00031
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K21SE7.049
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 30-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4580 
September 21, 2020 
(ii) legislative and administrative changes 
necessary to use programs, properties, or 
other resources funded or operated by the 
Department of the Interior and Department 
of Justice to combat the crisis of missing or 
murdered Indians and human trafficking on 
Indian lands and of Indians; 
(iii) tracking and reporting data on in-
stances of missing persons, murder, and 
human trafficking on Indian lands and of In-
dians; 
(iv) addressing staff shortages and open po-
sitions within relevant law enforcement 
agencies, including issues related to the hir-
ing and retention of law enforcement offi-
cers; 
(v) coordinating tribal, State, and Federal 
resources to increase prosecution of murder 
and human trafficking offenses on Indian 
lands and of Indians; and 
(vi) increasing information sharing with 
tribal governments on violent crime inves-
tigations and prosecutions in Indian lands 
that were terminated or declined. 
(B) SUBMISSION.—Not later than 18 months 
after the enactment of this Act, the Commis-
sion shall make publicly available and sub-
mit all recommendations developed under 
this paragraph to— 
(i) the Secretary of the Interior; 
(ii) the Attorney General; 
(iii) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
Senate; 
(iv) the Committee on Indian Affairs of the 
Senate; 
(v) the Committee on Natural Resources of 
the House of Representatives; and 
(vi) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
House of Representatives. 
(C) SECRETARIAL RESPONSE.—Not later than 
90 days after the date on which the Secretary 
of the Interior and the Attorney General re-
ceive the recommendations under paragraph 
(2), the Secretary and the Attorney General 
shall each make publicly available and sub-
mit a written response to the recommenda-
tions to— 
(i) the Commission; 
(ii) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
Senate; 
(iii) the Committee on Indian Affairs of the 
Senate; 
(iv) the Committee on Natural Resources 
of the House of Representatives; and 
(v) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
House of Representatives. 
(d) FACA EXEMPTION.—The Commission 
shall be exempt from the Federal Advisory 
Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). 
(e) SUNSET.—The Commission shall termi-
nate on the date that is 2 years after the 
date of enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from 
Pennsylvania (Ms. SCANLON) and the 
gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. 
ARMSTRONG) each will control 20 min-
utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Ms. SCANLON. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members 
have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-
tend their remarks and include extra-
neous material on the bill under con-
sideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-
woman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. 
Ms. SCANLON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
S. 982, the Not Invisible Act of 2019, 
introduced by Nevada Senator CATH-
ERINE CORTEZ MASTO and passed by the 
Senate last March, addresses the crisis 
of violence and sexual violence com-
mitted against American Indian and 
Alaska Native men and women in two 
concrete ways, by directing the ap-
pointment within the Bureau of Indian 
Affairs of a coordinator of Federal ef-
forts to combat violence against Native 
people and by establishing a commis-
sion on reducing violent crime against 
Indians. 
I commend my colleague, Represent-
ative DEBRA HAALAND from New Mex-
ico, for introducing the companion bill 
here in the House and for her efforts in 
advancing this important legislation. 
For decades, Native American and 
Alaska 
Native 
communities 
have 
struggled with high rates of assault, 
abduction, and murder of women. Com-
munity advocates describe the crisis as 
a legacy of generations of government 
policies 
promoting 
forced 
removal, 
land seizures, and violence inflicted on 
Native peoples. 
Advocates and victims’ families also 
complain, and rightly so, that the in-
vestigation and monitoring of dis-
appearances and killings of members of 
their communities have gotten lost in 
bureaucratic gaps generated by a sys-
tem that lacks clarity on whether local 
or Federal agencies should investigate. 
The Federal Government must do 
something to address these problems. 
The statistics on violence in Native 
American communities are staggering. 
More than four in five American Indian 
and Alaska Native women have experi-
enced violence in their lifetime, includ-
ing 56.1 percent who have experienced 
sexual violence. American Indian and 
Alaska Native men also have high vic-
timization rates, with 81.6 percent hav-
ing experienced violence in their life-
time. This problem is, in large part, 
the result of decades of neglect by the 
Federal Government. 
This crisis has particularly affected 
Native American women, scores of 
whom have gone missing and have been 
found murdered. Recently, these wom-
en’s stories have begun to be told to a 
wider audience. But these stories are 
not new, and it is long overdue that we 
address them. 
The Not Invisible Act of 2019 is an 
important step for the Federal Govern-
ment in finding an adequate response 
to the problem of violence against Na-
tive Americans. By making a perma-
nent position within the Bureau of In-
dian Affairs that reports directly to 
the Secretary of the Interior and who 
will submit an annual report to Con-
gress, we will greatly improve the Fed-
eral response to combating violence in 
Native communities. 
Significantly, this bill also directs 
the BIA coordinator to take into con-
sideration the unique challenges faced 
by Native American communities, both 
on and off Tribal lands, and to work in 
cooperation with outside organizations 
to train Tribal law enforcement, Indian 
Health Service care providers, and 
other Tribal community members on 
identifying, responding to, and report-
ing on cases of missing persons, mur-
der, and human trafficking. 
For 2 years, a joint commission on 
reducing violent crimes against Indians 
will be tasked with preparing rec-
ommendations on concrete actions the 
Department of the Interior and the De-
partment of Justice can take to help 
combat violent crimes against Native 
Americans and on Native American 
lands. These include the development 
and implementation of strategies for 
identifying, reporting, and responding 
to instances of missing persons, mur-
der, and human trafficking; tracking 
and reporting relevant data; and in-
creasing prosecutions in this neglected 
arena. These are long-overdue critical 
measures. 
It is well past the time to help rec-
tify these problems, and I am pleased 
that the Not Invisible Act will go a 
long way in that process. Therefore, I 
urge all of my colleagues to join me in 
support of this bill today. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. ARMSTRONG. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
I rise in support of S. 982, the Not In-
visible Act of 2019. 
We just discussed the appalling ex-
tent of missing and murdered indige-
nous women and how Savanna’s Act 
will begin to address this issue. The 
Not Invisible Act is another step to 
solve this abhorrent problem. 
This bill provides an opportunity for 
the Federal Government to improve its 
efforts to combat the growing crisis of 
murder and trafficking and the dis-
appearance of indigenous men and 
women. 
While there are many Federal pro-
grams tasked with addressing violent 
crime, the agencies that operate these 
programs do not have an overarching 
strategy to properly deploy these re-
sources in Indian Country and in urban 
Indian communities. Program imple-
mentation often takes place without 
considering the unique needs of Native 
American communities in this context. 
S. 982 will require the appropriate 
agencies to coordinate prevention ef-
forts, grants, and programs across the 
Bureau of Indian Affairs and the De-
partment of Justice, among other 
stakeholders. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
supporting S. 982, and I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Ms. SCANLON. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. ARMSTRONG. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 10 minutes to the gentleman from 
Washington (Mr. NEWHOUSE), my good 
friend. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank my friend from North Dakota 
(Mr. ARMSTRONG) for yielding to me on 
this important issue. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my 
colleagues to support a bipartisan piece 
of legislation that will finally foster 
progress toward addressing the crisis 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:15 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00032
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A21SE7.018
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 31-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4581 
September 21, 2020 
that we know is plaguing our Native 
communities across the country. 
Despite unparalleled rates of vio-
lence, there is still no reliable way of 
knowing how many indigenous women 
go missing each year nor whose fate 
hangs in the balance of an unsolved 
murder case. 
My congressional district in central 
Washington has been particularly af-
fected by this crisis. Since the year 
2013, there have been 13 cases of miss-
ing or murdered indigenous women on 
or around the Yakama Reservation 
alone. 
This number accounts only for the 
land surrounding one of the 29 federally 
recognized Tribes in Washington State, 
let alone the hundreds of others across 
the country. This information is avail-
able only due to the efforts and activ-
ism of local communities. 
Tribal and community leaders have 
held multiple marches, vigils, and com-
munity forums to raise awareness and 
demand action. 
The diligent reporting of the Yakima 
Herald-Republic, our local newspaper, 
has highlighted the response and activ-
ism on the ground by creating an on-
line hub to list open cases involving 
missing and murdered women and pro-
viding resources for the community to 
report such disappearances. 
Recently passed State laws in Olym-
pia have enhanced data collection and 
improved 
communication 
between 
Tribal leaders, law enforcement, and 
various State agencies. 
These local leaders have given a 
voice to the crisis, and I am heartened 
to see that the Federal Government is 
finally taking action. For too long, in-
digenous women and Native commu-
nities have faced this crisis all alone 
and suffered in silence. 
The 
Trump 
administration 
has 
worked to bring this crisis to light, 
creating an interagency task force be-
tween the Departments of Justice and 
the Interior called Operation Lady Jus-
tice. 
I was proud to welcome Assistant 
Secretary 
for 
Indian 
Affairs 
Tara 
Sweeney to central Washington last 
December, where she highlighted the 
administration’s effort to deliver jus-
tice to Native American communities. 
But Secretary Sweeney echoed the con-
cerns of local leaders and myself by 
pointing out the need for congressional 
action. 
By sending this bill to President 
Trump’s desk, we are signaling that we 
have heard them and that they are no 
longer invisible. 
As Congress takes long-overdue ac-
tion to address the crisis of missing 
and murdered indigenous women, I 
urge my colleagues to join me in sup-
porting the Not Invisible Act. 
Mr. ARMSTRONG. Mr. Speaker, I 
don’t think I could close any better 
than that, so I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. SCANLON. Mr. Speaker, the Not 
Invisible Act does precisely what its 
title aims to do. It ensures that the 
Federal Government dedicates proper 
attention and gives visibility to the 
crisis of violence and sexual violence 
committed against American Indian 
and Alaska Native men and women. In-
deed, these communities have been 
subjected to invisibility and neglect for 
far too long. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support this important bipartisan leg-
islation, and I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by 
the gentlewoman from Pennsylvania 
(Ms. SCANLON) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, S. 982. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was 
passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
b 1430 
DEFENDING THE INTEGRITY OF 
VOTING SYSTEMS ACT 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (S. 1321) to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to prohibit interference 
with voting systems under the Com-
puter Fraud and Abuse Act. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 1321 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Defending 
the Integrity of Voting Systems Act’’. 
SEC. 2. PROHIBITION ON INTERFERENCE WITH 
VOTING SYSTEMS. 
Section 1030(e) of title 18, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2)— 
(A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or’’ 
at the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (B), by adding ‘‘or’’ at 
the end; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(C) that— 
‘‘(i) is part of a voting system; and 
‘‘(ii)(I) is used for the management, sup-
port, or administration of a Federal election; 
or 
‘‘(II) has moved in or otherwise affects 
interstate or foreign commerce;’’; 
(2) in paragraph (11), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(3) in paragraph (12), by striking the period 
and inserting a semicolon; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(13) the term ‘Federal election’ means any 
election (as defined in section 301(1) of the 
Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (52 
U.S.C. 30101(1))) for Federal office (as defined 
in section 301(3) of the Federal Election Cam-
paign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30101(3))); and 
‘‘(14) the term ‘voting system’ has the 
meaning given the term in section 301(b) of 
the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 
21081(b)).’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
CUELLAR). Pursuant to the rule, the 
gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON 
LEE) and the gentleman from North 
Dakota (Mr. ARMSTRONG) each will con-
trol 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-
bers have 5 legislative days to revise 
and extend their remarks and include 
extraneous material on the bill under 
consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-
woman from Texas? 
There was no objection. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support 
of S. 1321, the Defending the Integrity 
of Voting Systems Act. 
We are on the verge of a significant, 
historic, and, really, life-or-death Pres-
idential Federal election. This is an 
important legislative initiative. This 
important and timely legislation would 
strengthen Federal criminal laws re-
lated to interference with voting sys-
tems used in a Federal election. 
All of us want a fair and just election 
system. Voting is an essential part of 
our democracy. We must ensure that 
our citizens have confidence in our 
electoral systems. 
As we know too well from the last 
Presidential election and from evi-
dence that we continue to learn, our 
adversaries, Russians and others, are 
conducting cyber operations to inter-
fere with our elections. We are well 
aware of the Russian bots that inter-
fered with the elections in 2016. We 
need to do all that we can to protect 
voting machines and the related infra-
structure as we head to November. 
The integrity and legitimacy of our 
elections is at stake. That is why this 
bill was developed: to ensure that our 
law concerning the unauthorized ac-
cessing of computer systems can also 
be used to prosecute those who hack 
into computer voting systems. 
Led by Senator BLUMENTHAL and by 
our former colleague Mr. Ratcliffe in 
the House, this bipartisan legislation 
responds to a concerning report by the 
Justice 
Department’s 
Cyber-Digital 
Task Force in 2018. The report con-
cluded that current law is inadequate, 
given all the potential threats to our 
Nation’s election security and voting 
systems. Specifically, the report iden-
tified a gap in current Federal criminal 
law relating to hacking of voting ma-
chines, especially when the machines 
are offline. 
The Computer Fraud and Abuse Act 
is a key tool for the prosecution of 
computer crimes and the protection of 
property rights and computers, but the 
law is generally limited to certain de-
vices connected to the internet. How-
ever, researchers have repeatedly dem-
onstrated that ballot recording ma-
chines and other voting systems are 
susceptible to tampering based on 
physical or close access. 
In order to reduce the risk of attack, 
more jurisdictions are adopting impor-
tant and recommended measures to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:15 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00033
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K21SE7.052
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 32-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4582 
September 21, 2020 
keep these voting systems off the 
internet. Therefore, S. 1321, this Senate 
bill, would expand the definition of the 
term ‘‘protected computer’’ under the 
Computer Fraud and Abuse Act to in-
clude computers, even if offline, that 
are a part of any voting system used in 
a Federal election. 
It is so crucial that the American 
people know that we have taken this 
action today to protect them and to 
ensure the sanctity of the process of 
voting and democracy. By expanding 
the definition of computers that are 
protected under current law, we will 
enhance the ability of law enforcement 
and prosecutors to bring appropriate 
charges in instances in which computer 
voting systems are hacked. 
The Senate passed this legislation 
with unanimous support, and it is now 
our turn to join our colleagues to adopt 
this important bill so that it may be-
come law as quickly as possible. There-
fore, Mr. Speaker, I ask all of my col-
leagues today to join me in this bipar-
tisan, crucial legislation which upholds 
democracy and assures the sanctity of 
one vote, one person. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. ARMSTRONG. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself as much time as I may 
consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 
1321, the Defending the Integrity of 
Voting Systems Act. 
This bill will protect our Nation’s 
most sacred democratic process by 
making it a Federal crime to hack any 
voting system used in a Federal elec-
tion. 
Protecting 
our 
Nation’s 
election 
process from bad actors must be a top 
priority of Congress. 
In 2018, the Department of Justice’s 
Cyber-Digital Task Force issued a re-
port finding that election systems were 
not adequately protected by Federal 
law. This bill is a bipartisan response 
to address the problems identified by 
the task force. 
Bad actors who attempt to interfere 
in our elections must be punished for 
their actions. As someone who spends a 
lot of time here talking about where 
crimes fit in the State and Federal 
place, and oftentimes I think we over-
react as a Federal Government and 
interfere in things that I believe should 
be left to the States, I think this is the 
opposite of that. An election in North 
Dakota can have consequences across 
the country. An election in Texas can 
have consequences across the country. 
This is written in a way that it deals 
with Federal elections and any ma-
chines used in those. It is a good piece 
of legislation. It is a bipartisan piece of 
legislation. It is based off of task force 
findings. It is narrow, and it does what 
we need it to do. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
join me in supporting this bill, and I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman 
from the Judiciary Committee and on 
the Crime, Terrorism, and Homeland 
Security Subcommittee for his leader-
ship, and I thank the sponsors for their 
leadership. I thank our chairman and 
ranking member for the bipartisanship 
of this legislation. 
Again, Mr. Speaker, let me remind 
my colleagues how important this 
change is. It doesn’t speak to mistakes 
or innocent mistakes, but what it does 
is it makes sure that a computer that 
is offline is subject to the laws of hack-
ing that may occur when a computer is 
online or active. 
We know how creative those who 
want to undermine and distract from a 
fair, just election are. They may not 
just have an inclination to hack an ac-
tive computer. So under the Computer 
Fraud and Abuse Act, this is to include 
computers, even if they are offline, 
that are part of a voting system used 
in a Federal election. 
Again, we understand how many peo-
ple are engaged in making sure we have 
a secure and just election, and we know 
that this legislation focuses on the bad 
actors, and that is what we want to do. 
The integrity, Mr. Speaker, of the 
upcoming elections is essential to the 
foundation of our democracy. The right 
to vote is the most fundamental right 
of citizenship in our democracy, and 
this issue touches every voter in every 
community across America. 
We know that people are now voting 
as we stand here on the floor of the 
House. We know that mail balloting 
will continue or start in many jurisdic-
tions. Some have already started. We 
know many States are engaged in early 
voting, where millions of people will be 
voting. This is an important initiative 
that needs to be signed immediately 
into law. 
We need to do all that we can to ad-
dress current threats and to ensure 
public confidence in our elections. This 
legislation will help advance that goal. 
That is why I ask all of my colleagues 
to join me in supporting passage of S. 
1321 today. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by 
the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. 
JACKSON LEE) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, S. 1321. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was 
passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
DUE PROCESS PROTECTIONS ACT 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (S. 1380) to amend the Federal 
Rules of Criminal Procedure to remind 
prosecutors of their obligations under 
Supreme Court case law. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 1380 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Due Process 
Protections Act’’. 
SEC. 2. REMINDER OF PROSECUTORIAL OBLIGA-
TIONS. 
Rule 5 of the Federal Rules of Criminal 
Procedure is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-
section (g); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(f) REMINDER OF PROSECUTORIAL OBLIGA-
TION.— 
‘‘(1) IN
GENERAL.—In all criminal pro-
ceedings, on the first scheduled court date 
when both prosecutor and defense counsel 
are present, the judge shall issue an oral and 
written order to prosecution and defense 
counsel that confirms the disclosure obliga-
tion of the prosecutor under Brady v. Mary-
land, 373 U.S. 83 (1963) and its progeny, and 
the possible consequences of violating such 
order under applicable law. 
‘‘(2) FORMATION
OF
ORDER.—Each judicial 
council in which a district court is located 
shall promulgate a model order for the pur-
pose of paragraph (1) that the court may use 
as it determines is appropriate.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from 
Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) and the gen-
tleman from North Dakota (Mr. ARM-
STRONG) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-
bers have 5 legislative days to revise 
and extend their remarks and include 
extraneous material on the bill under 
consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-
woman from Texas? 
There was no objection. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
S. 1380, the Due Process Protection 
Act, introduced by Senators DAN SUL-
LIVAN and DICK DURBIN and passed by 
unanimous consent in the Senate this 
past May, is a narrowly tailored, bipar-
tisan bill that would reinforce the gov-
ernment’s already existing constitu-
tional obligation to disclose excul-
patory evidence. Sometimes, of course, 
that evidence can be the difference be-
tween innocence and conviction and 
fairness to both the government and 
the defendant. 
The Due Process Clause of the United 
States Constitution requires that pros-
ecutors disclose to the accused all fa-
vorable evidence that is material. Un-
fortunately, at this time, there are in-
adequate safeguards in Federal law to 
ensure that this practice is followed 
across the country. 
According to the National Registry 
of Exonerations, from 1989 to 2017, pros-
ecutors concealed exculpatory evidence 
at trial in half of all murder exonera-
tions. Although this statistic includes 
State prosecutions, we know that ex-
culpatory evidence is concealed in Fed-
eral cases as well. 
Mr. Speaker, I have been involved in 
criminal justice reform for a very long 
time, and I have seen the damage that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:15 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00034
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K21SE7.055
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 33-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4583 
September 21, 2020 
not exposing or disclosing exculpatory 
evidence can do and how it is an imbal-
ance as it relates to defendants who 
happen to be Brown or Black. That is 
unfair, and I know the America that I 
have come to know and love under-
stands that justice should be equal for 
all. 
Again, one prominent example of the 
failure to disclose exculpatory evidence 
was in the 2008 trial of then-Senator 
Ted Stevens. When it was later re-
vealed that the Justice Department 
had committed misconduct by failing 
to turn over exculpatory evidence, the 
judge in that case concluded that he 
could not sanction the prosecutors be-
cause he had not issued a direct writ-
ten court order requiring them to abide 
by their ethical and constitutional ob-
ligations to disclose favorable evi-
dence. 
Many of us who knew that case, who 
knew Senator Stevens, knew, of course, 
that he had experienced an injustice. 
Following the Stevens case, in June 
2018, the District Court for the District 
of Columbia, where the case was tried, 
amended its local rules to require pros-
ecutors to comply with their disclosure 
obligations. Other Federal districts had 
already and have since issued specific 
local rules or standing orders that gov-
ern these obligations. 
A 2011 survey by the Federal Judicial 
Center indicated that 38 of the 94 Fed-
eral districts had a local rule or stand-
ing order confirming the government’s 
obligation to disclose exculpatory and/ 
or questioning the credibility of wit-
nesses, which is known as impeach-
ment, material. 
b 1445 
To address this issue, the Due Proc-
ess Protections Act would do three 
things, three very vital things to the 
scales of justice: One, amend the Fed-
eral Rules of Criminal Procedure to re-
quire that a judge issue an order to 
prosecution and defense counsel that 
confirms the disclosure obligation of 
the prosecutors in every criminal case; 
Two, require each judicial council in 
which a district court is located to 
issue a model order that its courts can 
use at their discretion; and, 
Three, leave it to the courts in each 
district to detail the parameters of 
their order. 
Mr. Speaker, I have had the oppor-
tunity to meet with our Federal judges 
in our jurisdiction over the years, and 
I know that our discussions always fall 
on how we can enhance justice and be 
fair to all parties in the courthouse. 
Criminal justice winds up with the 
defendant, if convicted, to lose their 
due process rights. Clearly, this is an 
important and significant legislation 
that protects all parties, but particu-
larly when someone is subject to losing 
their due process rights or their free-
dom. 
And so I support this legislation be-
cause, significantly, the bill would not 
impose any new requirements on pros-
ecutors. It would simply require them 
to follow the Constitution or risk being 
sanctioned by the court. 
It is a breath of fresh air to see the 
Constitution being raised over and over 
again for the good aspects of what 
American democracy is all about. The 
pillars upon which it is built are clear-
ly that of justice and equality and fair-
ness in our judicial system. 
Accordingly, 
this 
is 
a 
straight-
forward and bipartisan measure that 
would help our criminal justice system 
operate in a more effective and fair 
manner. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. ARMSTRONG. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 
1380, the Due Process Protections Act. 
This is a commonsense, bipartisan 
bill that will reinforce constitutional 
protections for criminal defendants. 
This bill amends the Federal Rules of 
Criminal Procedure to require a judge 
to issue a Brady order, reminding pros-
ecutors of their obligation to disclose 
all evidence that is material to the 
case, especially exculpatory evidence. 
Although some judges already have a 
practice of issuing Brady orders, this 
bill will require all judges to issue it in 
all criminal proceedings. 
Our criminal justice system falls 
short when key evidence is withheld by 
prosecutors and revealed years later at 
a conviction. Due process is a funda-
mental right of all Americans; so is the 
right to a fair trial, protected by the 
Constitution and this bill helps guar-
antee that fundamental right. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
supporting this bill, and I yield back 
the balance of my time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
I thank my friend and colleague from 
North Dakota for his leadership. 
I thank, again, the chairman and 
ranking member of the full committee 
and our subcommittee chairpersons 
and ranking members. 
Mr. Speaker, let me just say that, as 
I indicated, it is with an enormous 
sense of pride and recognition and a 
breath of fresh air when we talk about 
the 
Constitution 
in 
this 
hallowed 
place, because this House and the other 
body are grounded in our appreciation 
and adherence to the Constitution. 
That is what this bill is: due process 
protections and dealing with the Bill of 
Rights, and the right to due process 
that we find in the 14th Amendment 
and the Fifth Amendment. So I am de-
lighted that the Due Process Protec-
tions Act is now recognized, and it is a 
commonsense, bipartisan measure. 
How much better we will be when all 
of the judicial districts require excul-
patory evidence to be presented, be-
cause then you know that you have 
given all parties their fair chance, and 
someone who might lose their liberty, 
you give them a fair chance by putting 
forward all of the evidence that may be 
exculpatory. 
So it is narrowly tailored to ensure 
that Federal prosecutors simply follow 
the law, as they already should, in 
every case. 
I strongly urge my colleagues to sup-
port this breath of fresh air in the re-
counting of the Constitution, a docu-
ment that continues to live in 2020 so 
that it will become law and order. 
Again, I ask my colleagues to sup-
port this legislation, and I yield back 
the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by 
the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. 
JACKSON LEE) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, S. 1380. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was 
passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
DOMESTIC TERRORISM 
PREVENTION ACT OF 2020 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 5602) to authorize dedicated 
domestic terrorism offices within the 
Department of Homeland Security, the 
Department of Justice, and the Federal 
Bureau of Investigation to analyze and 
monitor domestic terrorist activity 
and require the Federal Government to 
take steps to prevent domestic ter-
rorism, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5602 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Domestic 
Terrorism Prevention Act of 2020’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: 
(1) Recent reports have demonstrated that 
White supremacists and other far-right-wing 
extremists are the most significant domestic 
terrorism threat facing the United States, 
including— 
(A) a February 22, 2019, New York Times 
op-ed, by a Trump Administration United 
States Department of Justice official, who 
wrote that ‘‘white supremacy and far-right 
extremism are among the greatest domestic- 
security threats facing the United States. 
Regrettably, over the past 25 years, law en-
forcement, at both the Federal and State 
levels, has been slow to respond. . . . Killings 
committed by individuals and groups associ-
ated with far-right extremist groups have 
risen significantly.’’; 
(B) an April 2017 Government Account-
ability Office report on the significant, le-
thal threat posed by domestic violent ex-
tremists, which— 
(i) explained that ‘‘[s]ince September 12, 
2001, the number of fatalities caused by do-
mestic violent extremists has ranged from 1 
to 49 in a given year.’’; and 
(ii) noted that ‘‘[F]atalities resulting from 
attacks by far right wing violent extremists 
have exceeded those caused by radical 
Islamist violent extremists in 10 of the 15 
years, and were the same in 3 of the years 
since September 12, 2001. Of the 85 violent ex-
tremist incidents that resulted in death 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:15 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00035
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K21SE7.058
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 34-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4584 
September 21, 2020 
since September 12, 2001, far right wing vio-
lent extremist groups were responsible for 62 
(73 percent) while radical Islamist violent ex-
tremists were responsible for 23 (27 per-
cent).’’; and 
(C) an unclassified May 2017 joint intel-
ligence bulletin from the Federal Bureau of 
Investigation and the Department of Home-
land Security, which found that ‘‘white su-
premacist extremism poses [a] persistent 
threat of lethal violence,’’ and that White 
supremacists ‘‘were responsible for 49 homi-
cides in 26 attacks from 2000 to 2016 . . . more 
than any other domestic extremist move-
ment’’. 
(2) Recent domestic terrorist attacks in-
clude— 
(A) the August 5, 2012, mass shooting at a 
Sikh gurdwara in Oak Creek, Wisconsin, in 
which a White supremacist shot and killed 6 
members of the gurdwara; 
(B) the April 13, 2014, mass shooting at a 
Jewish community center and a Jewish as-
sisted living facility in Overland Park, Kan-
sas, in which a neo-Nazi shot and killed 3 ci-
vilians, including a 14-year-old teenager; 
(C) the June 8, 2014, ambush in Las Vegas, 
Nevada, in which 2 supporters of the far- 
right-wing ‘‘patriot’’ movement shot and 
killed 2 police officers and a civilian; 
(D) the June 17, 2015, mass shooting at the 
Emanuel AME Church in Charleston, South 
Carolina, in which a White supremacist shot 
and killed 9 members of the church; 
(E) the November 27, 2015, mass shooting at 
a Planned Parenthood clinic in Colorado 
Springs, Colorado, in which an anti-abortion 
extremist shot and killed a police officer and 
2 civilians; 
(F) the March 20, 2017, murder of an Afri-
can-American man in New York City, alleg-
edly committed by a White supremacist who 
reportedly traveled to New York ‘‘for the 
purpose of killing black men’’; 
(G) the May 26, 2017, attack in Portland, 
Oregon, in which a White supremacist alleg-
edly murdered 2 men and injured a third 
after the men defended 2 young women whom 
the individual had targeted with anti-Mus-
lim hate speech; 
(H) the August 12, 2017, attacks in Char-
lottesville, Virginia, in which— 
(i) a White supremacist killed one and in-
jured nineteen after driving his car through 
a crowd of individuals protesting a neo-Nazi 
rally, and of which former Attorney General 
Jeff Sessions said, ‘‘It does meet the defini-
tion of domestic terrorism in our statute.’’; 
and 
(ii) a group of 6 men linked to militia or 
White supremacist groups assaulted an Afri-
can-American man who had been protesting 
the neo-Nazi rally in a downtown parking ga-
rage; 
(I) the July 2018 murder of an African- 
American woman from Kansas City, Mis-
souri, allegedly committed by a White su-
premacist who reportedly bragged about 
being a member of the Ku Klux Klan; 
(J) the October 24, 2018, shooting in 
Jeffersontown, Kentucky, in which a White 
man allegedly murdered 2 African Americans 
at a grocery store after first attempting to 
enter a church with a predominantly Afri-
can-American congregation during a service; 
(K) the October 27, 2018, mass shooting at 
the Tree of Life Synagogue in Pittsburgh, 
Pennsylvania, in which a White nationalist 
allegedly shot and killed 11 members of the 
congregation; 
(L) the April 27, 2019, shooting at the 
Chabad of Poway synagogue in California, in 
which a man yelling anti-Semitic slurs alleg-
edly killed a member of the congregation 
and wounded 3 others; 
(M) the August 3, 2019, mass shooting at a 
Walmart in El Paso, Texas, in which a White 
supremacist 
with 
anti-immigrant 
views 
killed 22 people and injured 26 others; 
(N) the December 10, 2019, shooting at a Ko-
sher supermarket in Jersey City, New Jer-
sey, in which 2 men with anti-Semitic views 
killed 3 people in the store and a law enforce-
ment officer in an earlier encounter; and 
(O) the December 28, 2019, machete attack 
at a Hanukkah celebration in Monsey, New 
York, in which a man who had expressed 
anti-Semitic views stabbed 5 individuals. 
(3) In November 2019, the Federal Bureau of 
Investigation released its annual hate crime 
incident report, which found that in 2018, 
violent hate crimes reached a 16-year high. 
Though the overall number of hate crimes 
decreased slightly after three consecutive 
years of increases, the report found a 4-per-
cent increase in aggravated assaults, a 15- 
percent increase in simple assaults, and a 13- 
percent increase in intimidation. There was 
also a nearly 6-percent increase in hate 
crimes directed at LGBTQ individuals and a 
14-percent increase in hate crimes directed 
at Hispanic and Latino individuals. Nearly 60 
percent of the religion-based hate crimes re-
ported targeted American Jews and Jewish 
institutions. The previous year’s report 
found that in 2017, hate crimes increased by 
approximately 17 percent, including a 23-per-
cent increase in religion-based hate crimes, 
an 18-percent increase in race-based crimes, 
and a 5-percent increase in crimes directed 
against LGBTQ individuals. The report ana-
lyzing 2016 data found that hate crimes in-
creased by almost 5 percent that year, in-
cluding a 19-percent rise in hate crimes 
against American Muslims. Similarly, the 
report analyzing 2015 data found that hate 
crimes increased by 6 percent that year. 
Much of the 2015 increase came from a 66-per-
cent rise in attacks on American Muslims 
and a 9-percent rise in attacks on American 
Jews. In all 4 reports, race-based crimes were 
most numerous, and those crimes most often 
targeted African Americans. 
(4) On March 15, 2019, a White nationalist 
was arrested and charged with murder after 
allegedly killing 50 Muslim worshippers and 
injuring more than 40 in a massacre at the 
Al Noor Mosque and Linwood Mosque in 
Christchurch, New Zealand. The alleged 
shooter posted a hate-filled, xenophobic 
manifesto that detailed his White nation-
alist ideology before the massacre. Prime 
Minister Jacinda Ardern labeled the mas-
sacre a terrorist attack. 
(5) In January 2017, a right-wing extremist 
who had expressed anti-Muslim views was 
charged with murder for allegedly killing 6 
people and injuring 19 in a shooting rampage 
at a mosque in Quebec City, Canada. It was 
the first-ever mass shooting at a mosque in 
North America, and Prime Minister Trudeau 
labeled it a terrorist attack. 
(6) On February 15, 2019, Federal authori-
ties arrested U.S. Coast Guard Lieutenant 
Christopher Paul Hasson, who was allegedly 
planning to kill a number of prominent jour-
nalists, professors, judges, and ‘‘leftists in 
general’’. In court filings, prosecutors de-
scribed Lieutenant Hasson as a ‘‘domestic 
terrorist’’ who in an email ‘‘identified him-
self as a White Nationalist for over 30 years 
and advocated for ‘focused violence’ in order 
to establish a white homeland.’’. 
(7) On November 3rd, 2019 a 24 year old man 
who authorities say was among masked 
Antifa supporters attacking conservatives at 
a June Demonstration in Portland, Oregon, 
was sentenced Friday to nearly six years in 
prison in connection with brutal assault. 
Gage Halupowski pleaded guilty to second- 
degree assault after authorities accused him 
of using a weapon against a conservative 
demonstrator who suffered blows to the head 
that the victim claims left him with a con-
cussion and cuts that required 25 staples to 
close. 
(8) On December 12, 2019, an assailant in-
volved in the prolonged firefight in Jersey 
City, NJ, that left six people dead, including 
one police officer, was linked on Wednesday 
to the Black Hebrew Israelite movement, 
and had public anti-Semitic posts online, a 
law enforcement official said. 
(9) On February 8, 2020, A gunman stormed 
a NYPD precinct after firing at police van, 
wounding 2. The police commissioner called 
the Bronx rampage an ‘‘assassination at-
tempt,’’ on law enforcement. 
(10) In August 2020, a juvenile armed with 
a semi-automatic rifle heeded the online call 
posted by a self-proclaimed militia group on 
Facebook to confront protestors in Kenosha, 
Wisconsin. He allegedly shot and killed two 
protestors and wounded a third. After the 
shootings, local police officers waved the al-
leged murderer through their lines, even 
after bystanders identified him as the shoot-
er. The armed juvenile then traveled across 
State lines to his home. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act— 
(1) the term ‘‘Director’’ means the Director 
of the Federal Bureau of Investigation; 
(2) the term ‘‘domestic terrorism’’ has the 
meaning given the term in section 2331 of 
title 18, United States Code, except that it 
does not include acts perpetrated by individ-
uals associated with or inspired by— 
(A) a foreign person or organization des-
ignated as a foreign terrorist organization 
under section 219 of the Immigration and Na-
tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189); 
(B) an individual or organization des-
ignated under Executive Order 13224 (50 
U.S.C. 1701 note); or 
(C) a state sponsor of terrorism as deter-
mined by the Secretary of State under sec-
tion 6(j) of the Export Administration Act of 
1979 (50 U.S.C. 4605), section 40 of the Arms 
Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2780), or sec-
tion 620A of the Foreign Assistance Act of 
1961 (22 U.S.C. 2371); 
(3) the term ‘‘Domestic Terrorism Execu-
tive Committee’’ means the committee with-
in the Department of Justice tasked with as-
sessing and sharing information about ongo-
ing domestic terrorism threats; 
(4) the term ‘‘hate crime incident’’ means 
an act described in section 241, 245, 247, or 249 
of title 18, United States Code, or in section 
901 of the Civil Rights Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 
3631); 
(5) the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-
retary of Homeland Security; and 
(6) the term ‘‘uniformed services’’ has the 
meaning given the term in section 101(a) of 
title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 4. OFFICES TO COMBAT DOMESTIC TER-
RORISM. 
(a) AUTHORIZATION OF OFFICES TO MONITOR, 
ANALYZE, INVESTIGATE, AND PROSECUTE DO-
MESTIC TERRORISM.— 
(1) DOMESTIC TERRORISM UNIT.—There is au-
thorized a Domestic Terrorism Unit in the 
Office of Intelligence and Analysis of the De-
partment of Homeland Security, which shall 
be responsible for monitoring and analyzing 
domestic terrorism activity. 
(2) DOMESTIC TERRORISM OFFICE.—There is 
authorized a Domestic Terrorism Office in 
the Counterterrorism Section of the Na-
tional Security Division of the Department 
of Justice— 
(A) which shall be responsible for inves-
tigating and prosecuting incidents of domes-
tic terrorism; and 
(B) which shall be headed by the Domestic 
Terrorism Counsel. 
(3) DOMESTIC
TERRORISM
SECTION
OF
THE 
FBI.—There is authorized a Domestic Ter-
rorism Section within the Counterterrorism 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:15 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00036
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A21SE7.023
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 35-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4585 
September 21, 2020 
Division of the Federal Bureau of Investiga-
tion, which shall be responsible for inves-
tigating domestic terrorism activity. 
(4) STAFFING.—The Secretary, the Attor-
ney General, and the Director shall each en-
sure that each office authorized under this 
section in their respective agencies shall— 
(A) have adequate number of employees to 
perform the required duties; 
(B) have not less than 1 employee dedi-
cated to ensuring compliance with civil 
rights and civil liberties laws and regula-
tions; and 
(C) require that all employees undergo an-
nual anti-bias training. 
(5) SUNSET.—The offices authorized under 
this subsection shall terminate on the date 
that is 10 years after the date of enactment 
of this Act. 
(b) 
JOINT
REPORT
ON
DOMESTIC
TER-
RORISM.— 
(1) BIANNUAL REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later 
than 180 days after the date of enactment of 
this Act, and each 6 months thereafter for 
the 10-year period beginning on the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of 
Homeland Security, the Attorney General, 
and the Director of the Federal Bureau of In-
vestigation shall submit a joint report au-
thored by the domestic terrorism offices au-
thorized under paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) of 
subsection (a) to— 
(A) the Committee on the Judiciary, the 
Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-
ernmental Affairs, and the Select Committee 
on Intelligence of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on the Judiciary, the 
Committee on Homeland Security, and the 
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence 
of the House of Representatives. 
(2) 
CONTENTS.—Each 
report 
submitted 
under paragraph (1) shall include— 
(A) an assessment of the domestic ter-
rorism threat posed by White supremacists 
and neo-Nazis, including White supremacist 
and neo-Nazi infiltration of Federal, State, 
and local law enforcement agencies and the 
uniformed services; and 
(B)(i) in the first report, an analysis of in-
cidents or attempted incidents of domestic 
terrorism that have occurred in the United 
States since April 19, 1995, including any 
White-supremacist-related incidents or at-
tempted incidents; and 
(ii) in each subsequent report, an analysis 
of incidents or attempted incidents of do-
mestic terrorism that occurred in the United 
States during the preceding 6 months, in-
cluding any White-supremacist-related inci-
dents or attempted incidents; and 
(C) a quantitative analysis of domestic ter-
rorism for the preceding 6 months, includ-
ing— 
(i) the number of— 
(I) domestic terrorism related assessments 
initiated by the Federal Bureau of Investiga-
tion, including the number of assessments 
from each classification and subcategory, 
with a specific classification or subcategory 
for those related to White supremacism; 
(II) domestic terrorism-related preliminary 
investigations initiated by the Federal Bu-
reau of Investigation, including the number 
of preliminary investigations from each clas-
sification and subcategory, with a specific 
classification or subcategory for those re-
lated to White supremacism, and how many 
preliminary investigations resulted from as-
sessments; 
(III) domestic terrorism-related full inves-
tigations initiated by the Federal Bureau of 
Investigation, including the number of full 
investigations from each classification and 
subcategory, with a specific classification or 
subcategory for those related to White 
supremacism, and how many full investiga-
tions resulted from preliminary investiga-
tions and assessments; 
(IV) domestic terrorism-related incidents, 
including the number of incidents from each 
classification and subcategory, with a spe-
cific classification or subcategory for those 
related to White supremacism, the number of 
deaths and injuries resulting from each inci-
dent, and a detailed explanation of each inci-
dent; 
(V) Federal domestic terrorism-related ar-
rests, including the number of arrests from 
each classification and subcategory, with a 
specific classification or subcategory for 
those related to White supremacism, and a 
detailed explanation of each arrest; 
(VI) Federal domestic terrorism-related in-
dictments, including the number of indict-
ments from each classification and sub-
category, with a specific classification or 
subcategory for those related to White 
supremacism, and a detailed explanation of 
each indictment; 
(VII) Federal domestic terrorism-related 
prosecutions, including the number of inci-
dents from each classification and sub-
category, with a specific classification or 
subcategory for those related to White 
supremacism, and a detailed explanation of 
each prosecution; 
(VIII) Federal domestic terrorism-related 
convictions, including the number of convic-
tions from each classification and sub-
category, with a specific classification or 
subcategory for those related to White 
supremacism, and a detailed explanation of 
each conviction; and 
(IX) Federal domestic terrorism-related 
weapons recoveries, including the number of 
each type of weapon and the number of weap-
ons 
from 
each 
classification 
and 
sub-
category, with a specific classification or 
subcategory for those related to White 
supremacism; and 
(ii) an explanation of each individual case 
that progressed through more than 1 of the 
stages described under clause (i), including 
the specific classification or subcategory for 
each case. 
(3) HATE CRIMES.—In compiling a joint re-
port under this subsection, the domestic ter-
rorism offices authorized under paragraphs 
(1), (2), and (3) of subsection (a) shall, in con-
sultation with the Civil Rights Division of 
the Department of Justice and the Civil 
Rights Unit of the Federal Bureau of Inves-
tigation, review each hate crime incident re-
ported during the preceding 6 months to de-
termine whether the incident also con-
stitutes a domestic terrorism-related inci-
dent. 
(4) CLASSIFICATION AND PUBLIC RELEASE.— 
Each report submitted under paragraph (1) 
shall be— 
(A) unclassified, to the greatest extent pos-
sible, with a classified annex only if nec-
essary; and 
(B) in the case of the unclassified portion 
of the report, posted on the public websites 
of the Department of Homeland Security, 
the Department of Justice, and the Federal 
Bureau of Investigation. 
(5) NONDUPLICATION.—If two or more provi-
sions of this subsection or any other law im-
pose requirements on an agency to report or 
analyze information on domestic terrorism 
that are substantially similar, the agency 
shall construe such provisions as mutually 
supplemental, so as to provide for the most 
extensive reporting or analysis, and shall 
comply with each such requirement as fully 
as possible. 
(c) DOMESTIC TERRORISM EXECUTIVE COM-
MITTEE.—There is authorized a Domestic 
Terrorism 
Executive 
Committee, 
which 
shall— 
(1) meet on a regular basis, and not less 
regularly than 4 times each year, to coordi-
nate with United States Attorneys and other 
key public safety officials across the country 
to promote information sharing and ensure 
an effective, responsive, and organized joint 
effort to combat domestic terrorism; and 
(2) be co-chaired by— 
(A) the Domestic Terrorism Counsel au-
thorized under subsection (a)(2)(B); 
(B) a United States Attorney or Assistant 
United States Attorney; 
(C) a member of the National Security Di-
vision of the Department of Justice; and 
(D) a member of the Federal Bureau of In-
vestigation. 
(d) FOCUS ON GREATEST THREATS.—The do-
mestic terrorism offices authorized under 
paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) of subsection (a) 
shall focus their limited resources on the 
most significant domestic terrorism threats, 
as determined by the number of domestic 
terrorism-related incidents from each cat-
egory and subclassification in the joint re-
port for the preceding 6 months required 
under subsection (b). 
SEC. 5. TRAINING TO COMBAT DOMESTIC TER-
RORISM. 
(a) REQUIRED TRAINING AND RESOURCES.— 
The Secretary, the Attorney General, and 
the Director shall review the anti-terrorism 
training and resource programs of their re-
spective agencies that are provided to Fed-
eral, State, local, and Tribal law enforce-
ment agencies, including the State and 
Local Anti-Terrorism Program that is fund-
ed by the Bureau of Justice Assistance of the 
Department of Justice, and ensure that such 
programs include training and resources to 
assist State, local, and Tribal law enforce-
ment agencies in understanding, detecting, 
deterring, and investigating acts of domestic 
terrorism and White supremacist and neo- 
Nazi infiltration of law enforcement and cor-
rections agencies. The domestic-terrorism 
training shall focus on the most significant 
domestic terrorism threats, as determined 
by the quantitative analysis in the joint re-
port required under section 4(b). 
(b) REQUIREMENT.—Any individual who pro-
vides domestic terrorism training required 
under this section shall have— 
(1) expertise in domestic terrorism; and 
(2) relevant academic, law enforcement, or 
other community-based experience in mat-
ters related to domestic terrorism. 
(c) REPORT.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 6 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act and 
twice each year thereafter, the Secretary, 
the Attorney General, and the Director shall 
each submit a biannual report to the com-
mittees of Congress described in section 
4(b)(1) on the domestic terrorism training 
implemented by their respective agencies 
under this section, which shall include copies 
of all training materials used and the names 
and qualifications of the individuals who 
provide the training. 
(2) CLASSIFICATION AND PUBLIC RELEASE.— 
Each report submitted under paragraph (1) 
shall be— 
(A) unclassified, to the greatest extent pos-
sible, with a classified annex only if nec-
essary; and 
(B) in the case of the unclassified portion 
of each report, posted on the public website 
of the Department of Homeland Security, 
the Department of Justice, and the Federal 
Bureau of Investigation. 
SEC. 6. INTERAGENCY TASK FORCE. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the 
Attorney General, the Director, the Sec-
retary, and the Secretary of Defense shall es-
tablish an interagency task force to analyze 
and combat White supremacist and neo-Nazi 
infiltration of the uniformed services and 
Federal law enforcement agencies. 
(b) REPORT.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 1 year after 
the interagency task force is established 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:15 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00037
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A21SE7.023
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 36-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4586 
September 21, 2020 
under subsection (a), the Attorney General, 
the Director, the Secretary, and the Sec-
retary of Defense shall submit a joint report 
on the findings of the task force and the re-
sponse of the Attorney General, the Direc-
tor, the Secretary, and the Secretary of De-
fense to such findings, to— 
(A) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
Senate; 
(B) the Committee on Homeland Security 
and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; 
(C) the Select Committee on Intelligence 
of the Senate; 
(D) the Committee on Armed Services of 
the Senate; 
(E) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
House of Representatives; 
(F) the Committee on Homeland Security 
of the House of Representatives; 
(G) the Permanent Select Committee on 
Intelligence of the House of Representatives; 
and 
(H) the Committee on Armed Services of 
the House of Representatives. 
(2) CLASSIFICATION AND PUBLIC RELEASE.— 
The report submitted under paragraph (1) 
shall be— 
(A) submitted in unclassified form, to the 
greatest extent possible, with a classified 
annex only if necessary; and 
(B) in the case of the unclassified portion 
of the report, posted on the public website of 
the Department of Defense, the Department 
of Homeland Security, the Department of 
Justice, and the Federal Bureau of Investiga-
tion. 
SEC. 7. DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE SUPPORT FOR 
HATE CRIME INCIDENTS WITH A 
NEXUS TO DOMESTIC TERRORISM. 
(a) COMMUNITY
RELATIONS
SERVICE.—The 
Community Relations Service of the Depart-
ment of Justice, authorized under section 
1001(a) of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 
U.S.C. 2000g), may offer the support of the 
Service to communities where the Depart-
ment of Justice has brought charges in a 
hate crime incident that has a nexus to do-
mestic terrorism. 
(b) FEDERAL BUREAU
OF INVESTIGATION.— 
Section 249 of title 18, United States Code, is 
amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(e) FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION.— 
The Attorney General, acting through the 
Director of the Federal Bureau of Investiga-
tion, shall assign a special agent or hate 
crimes liaison to each field office of the Fed-
eral Bureau of Investigation to investigate 
hate crimes incidents with a nexus to domes-
tic terrorism (as such term is defined in sec-
tion 3 of the Domestic Terrorism Prevention 
Act of 2020).’’. 
SEC. 8. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to 
the Department of Justice, the Federal Bu-
reau of Investigation, the Department of 
Homeland Security, and the Department of 
Defense such sums as may be necessary to 
carry out this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from 
Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) and the gen-
tleman from North Dakota (Mr. ARM-
STRONG) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-
bers have 5 legislative days in which to 
revise and extend their remarks and in-
clude extraneous material on the bill 
under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-
woman from Texas? 
There was no objection. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
First, I certainly want to thank all of 
the sponsors of this bill, and I thank 
Mr. SCHNEIDER for all of the important 
work that has been done on this legis-
lation. 
With the consideration of H.R. 5602, 
the Domestic Terrorism Prevention 
Act, the House takes affirmative steps 
in this time to address the rising men-
ace of domestic terrorism and white su-
premacy. 
This bill creates three offices, one 
each within the Department of Home-
land Security, the Department of Jus-
tice, and the Federal Bureau of Inves-
tigation to monitor, investigate, and 
prosecute cases of domestic terrorism. 
These newly created offices would 
focus their resources based on data col-
lected on the most significant threats 
with specific emphasis on white su-
premacist terrorism. Additionally, pur-
suant to this bill, DOJ and DHS would 
issue joint biennial reports to Congress 
assessing the state of domestic ter-
rorism threats. 
Let me say, Mr. Speaker, that this 
legislation is not based on a whim. It is 
not based on someone’s taste or dis-
taste; likes or dislikes. This is based on 
facts. And as we continue to view the 
modeling of domestic terrorism, we 
will begin to continue to respond to it 
legislatively. But now we have a solid 
base of information dealing with the 
issues of growing white supremacy. 
The creation of these offices and con-
gressional reporting are much-needed 
measures to refocus the Federal Gov-
ernment’s domestic terrorism efforts 
on the greatest threat to the American 
people: white supremacy and white na-
tionalism. 
In April of last year, the Judiciary 
Committee held a hearing titled: ‘‘Hate 
Crimes and the Rise of White Nation-
alism.’’ Sadly, since then there have 
been countless domestic terrorism at-
tacks. 
The shooting spree at a Walmart in 
El Paso, Texas, in August of 2019 was 
the deadliest attack in modern times 
against the Latino community in the 
United States and the third deadliest 
act of violence by domestic terrorism 
extremists in more than 50 years. 
I joined my colleagues who rep-
resented that area, and the pain that 
they experienced was without compari-
son. I went to a funeral. I went to the 
memorial. I went to where the place 
was that had been set up as a tem-
porary place of honor. The pain was un-
ceasing in that community. And just a 
few months ago, they had to com-
memorate the bitterness of 1 year. 
I also went to the hospital and vis-
ited individuals who had put them-
selves in the line of fire to protect oth-
ers. I think since that time one person, 
in particular, has passed away. 
This was a painful experience, and I 
can imagine that it will be painful for 
a very long time. 
In the last decade, places of worship, 
a Sikh temple in Milwaukee, the 
Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal 
Church, Mother Emanuel, where the 
victims who remained alive actually 
forgave the perpetrator who came and 
sat down and prayed; sat among people 
who were praying, who welcomed him. 
They lost a distinguished pastor and 
people who were so kind. People could 
not understand why they lost their 
lives. Thousands came to the memo-
rial, and, of course, our President at 
that time, President Obama. That is 
how painful it was for this Nation. 
Then, of course, Pittsburgh’s Tree of 
Life synagogue. I visited Pittsburgh, 
Pennsylvania, and met individuals who 
had been impacted by this horrific 
tragedy. In the midst of Rosh Hasha-
nah, to our friends who are in the 
midst of their holiday, it is more than 
fitting that we acknowledge how do-
mestic terrorism can divide so many 
communities, so many innocent com-
munities, whether they happen to be of 
a particular faith, a particular eth-
nicity, or a particular status. 
We have seen all of this become trag-
ic symbols of deadly threats a white 
supremacist poses even to the faith 
community. 
Just last Thursday in a committee 
that I participated in, FBI Director 
Christopher Wray—the Homeland Secu-
rity 
Committee—once 
again 
stated 
that white supremacists constitute the 
largest portion of racially motivated 
violent extremists. 
In the same vein, before the House 
Homeland Security Committee, Direc-
tor Wray testified that antigovernment 
and antiauthority groups have been re-
sponsible for the most lethal attacks 
this year. We know that. So we want to 
be sure that we are protecting the 
American people. 
None of us adhere to extremism or vi-
olence. We understand peaceful pro-
tests, but we stand for the principles of 
democracy of this Nation that has kept 
us a democracy for all of these many 
years. 
Just a few weeks ago our Nation was 
reminded how dangerous violent extre-
mism can be. A rightwing militia 
boasting 3,000 members promoted an 
event on Facebook calling for patriots 
willing to take up arms and travel to 
Kenosha, Wisconsin, to confront pro-
testers. 
Tragically, hours later, a 17-year-old 
youth heeded the call, traveled across 
State lines, and is alleged to have mur-
dered two protesters and injured a 
third. He has yet to be brought to jus-
tice because he is still waiting on an 
extradition procedure. 
Yet, local police allowed this young 
man to safely pass through their lines 
and go home, despite the fact that by-
standers had identified him as the 
shooter. That was one incident. 
We have seen law enforcement take 
up the issues of protecting our neigh-
bors across the Nation and in those in-
stances, of course, we recognize good 
policing and we thank them for it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:15 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00038
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A21SE7.023
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 37-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4587 
September 21, 2020 
The tragic events in Kenosha are yet 
another example of how rightwing mi-
litia groups continue to pose a present 
threat. Indeed, over the last decade, 
rightwing extremists have been respon-
sible for 76 percent of all domestic ex-
tremist-related murders. The time for 
Congress to act is now. 
The key elements of the Domestic 
Terrorism Prevention Act seek to ad-
dress fundamental deficiencies high-
lighted at the April 2019 Judiciary 
Committee hearing in the Federal Gov-
ernment’s response to domestic ter-
rorism and specifically white suprem-
acy. 
Let me be very clear. We want a com-
prehensive response to terrorism. We 
want to rely upon our intelligence 
communities as it relates to inter-
national terrorism. 
b 1500 
We have done so because I have been 
on the Homeland Security Committee 
for a very long time and, as well, have 
seen the work of the Judiciary Com-
mittee. But we must be comprehensive 
in looking at terrorism; we must be re-
sponsive; and we must secure and make 
sure the American people are safe. 
Currently, the Federal Government 
has a number of statutory authorities 
to bring charges against domestic ter-
rorists, including those who are white 
supremacists. Yet, it is clear that the 
Department of Justice has not initi-
ated a sufficient number of these pros-
ecutions. H.R. 5602 creates offices with-
in the DOJ and DHS aimed at pooling 
the resources from all parts of each re-
spective Department to focus them on 
the greatest threat of white suprem-
acy. 
The reporting elements of this bill 
aim to keep Congress better informed 
of the domestic terrorism threats pre-
sented so that Congress can more read-
ily assess what resources and authori-
ties are necessary to protect the coun-
try against domestic terrorist activi-
ties. 
I am well aware of the work that was 
done in the last administration of try-
ing 
to 
neutralize 
the 
idea 
of 
radicalizing individuals who were deal-
ing with ISIS, al-Qaida, and others. Un-
fortunately, even that has been taken 
away from the work that we have been 
doing. This may be a time that that 
work begins to rise up as it relates to 
white supremacy and white nation-
alism. 
This legislation is a necessary and 
measured response to the real threats 
this country faces. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-
leagues to support this legislation, and 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. ARMSTRONG. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Mr. Speaker, at a time when violent 
extremists are destroying cities na-
tionwide, our Democratic colleagues 
here in the House continue to ignore 
this violence. The chairman of the Ju-
diciary Committee even called Antifa 
violence a myth and imaginary. In-
stead of addressing violent leftwing ex-
tremism head-on, my colleagues across 
the aisle only want to use this bill for 
political purposes. They are not inter-
ested in passing legislation that would 
make any real difference in rooting out 
violence in our communities. 
Democrats are unable to call out the 
violent anarchists who are burning 
down cities all around the country. In-
stead, they seem to want to paint a 
picture that ties only conservatives to 
domestic terrorism. Not only is this 
bill blatantly political on its face, but 
it increases our already bloated bu-
reaucracy by adding three new sepa-
rate offices to do the exact same thing. 
That is the very definition of duplica-
tion and government waste. 
We already have dedicated law en-
forcement who fight domestic ter-
rorism every day, and we should recog-
nize them, commend them, and let 
them do their jobs. Unfortunately, my 
colleagues across the aisle likely will 
not do that either. 
Democrats must end the partisan 
charades. Democrats must stop ignor-
ing the leftwing violence and crime 
that has taken over American cities. 
Instead of this biased approach in this 
bill, we should pass legislation that 
roots out all kinds of domestic ter-
rorism, not just the type that is politi-
cally convenient for Democrats. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
join me in opposing H.R. 5602, and I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, 
just one point that I want to make as 
I yield to the author and leader on this 
bill is that we are continuously fight-
ing a known, recognized domestic ter-
rorism. This vital bill will provide the 
reporting for a roadmap to do the right 
thing. That is what the Federal Gov-
ernment is challenged and charged to 
do. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the 
distinguished gentleman from Illinois 
(Mr. SCHNEIDER). Congressman SCHNEI-
DER is a member of the Judiciary Com-
mittee and is the author of this legisla-
tion. 
Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank my friend, the gentlewoman 
from Texas, for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to rise in 
support of my bill, H.R. 5602, the Do-
mestic Terrorism Prevention Act of 
2020. 
White supremacists and other far- 
right extremists are the most signifi-
cant domestic terrorism threat facing 
the United States. Don’t take my word 
for it. Making that point last week in 
testimony to the House Homeland Se-
curity Committee, FBI Director Chris-
topher Wray stated that domestic vio-
lence extremists, DVEs, ‘‘pose a steady 
and evolving threat of violence and 
economic harm to the United States.’’ 
He notes in his next paragraph: ‘‘The 
top threat we face from domestic vio-
lent extremists stems from those we 
identify as racially/ethnically moti-
vated violent extremists (RMVE).’’ 
RMVEs were the primary source of 
ideologically motivated lethal inci-
dents and violence in 2018 and 2019. 
From the Tree of Life synagogue to 
Walmart in El Paso, Texas, we have all 
tragically seen the deadly effect. 
According to the Southern Poverty 
Law Center, the number of white na-
tionalist groups rose by 55 percent 
since 2017. Last November, the FBI re-
ported violent hate crimes reached a 
16-year high in 2018, and that number 
went up in 2019. 
Groups 
like 
the 
boogaloos, 
Rise 
Above Movement, and white nation-
alist militias across the country are or-
ganizing, and so must we. Therefore, 
we need to equip our law enforcement 
officials, the FBI, and the Departments 
of Justice and Homeland Security with 
the tools necessary to identify, mon-
itor, and prevent acts of violent ter-
rorism. 
The bill before us today does just 
that. It establishes offices within the 
FBI, the Department of Justice, and 
the Department of Homeland Security 
and empowers them to coordinate their 
efforts with each other. It requires 
them to report to Congress twice a 
year on the assessment of the threats, 
ranking them and allocating the re-
sources based on their assessed threats. 
Congress must, with a single voice, 
definitively state that if you or your 
group is plotting violence or taking 
weapons—be they guns or knives or 
otherwise—into a crowd to intimidate 
or coerce others to further your ideo-
logical goals, you are a terrorist and 
will be treated as such. 
This is not a partisan issue but one 
that affects all Americans’ personal 
and economic security. This bill passed 
out of committee with bipartisan sup-
port overwhelmingly, 24–2. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-
leagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ This bill will 
make a real difference. Again, I thank 
the chairman and the Speaker for 
bringing my bill to the House today. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. ARMSTRONG. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield such time as he may consume to 
the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. JORDAN), 
the ranking member of the Judiciary 
Committee. 
Mr. JORDAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, Republicans denounce 
all violent extremism. Why won’t the 
Democrats? 
Weeks ago in the committee, the At-
torney General of the United States 
asked the chairman of the Judiciary 
Committee, asked the Democrats, why 
won’t you speak out against the mob? 
Why won’t you speak out against the 
violence that is taking place in our 
great cities all across the country this 
past summer? 
Guess what he got. Total, total si-
lence. 
We have a bill on domestic terrorism, 
but a bill that barely mentions Antifa, 
one reference. 
Mr. Speaker, do you know why the 
one reference is in there? Because Re-
publicans on the committee, through 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
06:58 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00039
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K21SE7.062
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 38-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4588 
September 21, 2020 
Mr. STEUBE, offered an amendment in 
the committee. 
Not mentioned in the bill are two 
things that have happened in the last 
30 days. The cold-blooded murder of a 
Trump supporter by an Antifa member 
was not mentioned in the resolution 
and is not mentioned in the bill. Not 
mentioned in the bill is the assassina-
tion attempt on two police officers sit-
ting in their patrol car just 2 weeks 
ago. 
Let’s condemn all violent extremism. 
Maybe they won’t do that because, as 
my good friend from North Dakota 
said, the chairman of the House Judici-
ary Committee, the committee with 
that storied history of defending the 
rule of law, maybe because that indi-
vidual said that Antifa is imaginary 
and that Antifa is a myth. 
Ask Andy Ngo that, Mr. Speaker. 
Ask the journalist who was attacked 
by Antifa a year ago. Ask the people in 
Portland, Oregon. For over 100 days, 
their city has been under siege. There 
has been a siege on the Federal court 
building there by Antifa, but one ref-
erence only in their legislation, and 
that is only there because Mr. STEUBE 
offered the amendment in committee. 
For over 100 days, this organization 
has been targeting the business owners, 
the people, and the residents in Port-
land, Oregon, and in other cities 
around our country. Democrats can 
call what has been happening to our 
cities all summer peaceful protests, 
but calling rioting, looting, and arson 
peaceful protests doesn’t make it so. 
Let’s condemn all of it. We should 
speak out against all domestic ter-
rorism. We should denounce the vio-
lence—the rioting, the looting, and the 
arson—that is taking place in our cit-
ies. We should not have another polit-
ical messaging bill, which is exactly 
what this is. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, 
would you share the time remaining, 
please. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from Texas has 8 minutes re-
maining. The gentleman from North 
Dakota has 16 minutes remaining. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Mr. Speaker, let me thank my good 
friend from Ohio for bringing to our at-
tention something that I think is very 
important. Then, it allows me to say 
that I don’t know one single person in 
this body who condones violent pro-
tests. I have not run into anyone in the 
Judiciary Committee, and I have not 
seen anyone on the floor on either side 
of the aisle. That is why this legisla-
tion is so crucial because it generated 
bipartisan support on the work that 
the Congress should do. 
What is it that the Congress should 
do? Find a way for our agencies to 
work together. 
In the Judiciary Committee, we had 
a hearing with the Attorney General 
on the question of domestic terrorism. 
In the Homeland Security Committee, 
we had a hearing on the question of do-
mestic terrorism. I think we found 
some, if you will, collegiality in recog-
nizing that white supremacy and white 
nationalism were the greatest threat 
to domestic security. 
I remember in this legislation the 
generosity of Mr. SCHNEIDER and my 
commitment 
when 
the 
committee 
added Mr. STEUBE’s—a Republican’s— 
amendment at markup that included 
findings 
that 
addressed 
antigovernment actors and violence 
against police. We passed that in a bi-
partisan way. I want to remind my col-
leagues that the legislation itself was 
passed in a bipartisan manner. 
We have seen what happens when we 
undermine coordination. We see what 
happens when the pandemic office was 
dismissed out of the White House that 
was coordinating with agencies on 
COVID–19 or other pandemics. We see 
the confusion that we have. 
This legislation is simply trying to 
make sure that our very fine public 
servants who are fighting domestic ter-
rorism are fighting it with the best in-
formational tools they can get. 
How do they do that? With this very 
fine legislation that allows us to be 
able to get the right kind of data. 
I want to just indicate a lot of things 
have been happening. I have watched 
peaceful protesters be subjected to vio-
lence. My heart goes out. Those are 
someone’s children; they are young 
people; and they have a right to be pro-
testing. They have a right, as our dear 
beloved colleague has always said, to 
speak up. John Robert Lewis always 
said to speak up and get into good 
trouble to make this Nation better. 
I have not heard any Member of this 
body not condemn, in the strongest 
terms, the shooting of Los Angeles dep-
uties and are pleased to hear that they 
are recovering. 
I would just indicate that we need to 
adhere to what is right. This legisla-
tion is laying us on a pathway of get-
ting facts and information so that we 
can do what is right to secure the 
American people. 
Mr. Speaker, I have no further speak-
ers, and I reserve the balance of my 
time. 
Mr. ARMSTRONG. Mr. Speaker, I 
was in the committee when we did this 
and when we accepted Republican 
amendments and garnered some sup-
port from people on my side of the aisle 
in committee. I have no doubt that my 
friends on the other side of the aisle 
condemn all kinds of violence, but 
somewhere between committee and 
here things got added to the bill. 
Mr. Speaker, do you know what 
didn’t get added? Not one mention of 
the horrific attack against two police 
officers shot at pointblank range in 
their patrol car. The bill did not men-
tion the murder of a Trump supporter 
in Portland. But we did manage to 
mention the juvenile from Kenosha. 
So, while the gentlewoman says she 
supports a certain thing or nobody con-
dones certain things, their actions on 
how this occurs show us where their 
priorities are. The priorities are polit-
ical because we could have added all of 
these things. 
I find it interesting and odd on the 
same day that we are talking about 
due process, rights to effective assist-
ance of counsel, justice for juveniles, 
and all the election integrity and vot-
ing, we don’t condemn the burning 
down of the post office in Minneapolis. 
We don’t talk about these other things, 
but we will make sure we mention a ju-
venile offender in Kenosha prior to any 
of his court hearings being held. 
We can talk about delaying justice 
and the administration of justice, but 
that is not how it reads in the bill, and 
that is not how it was spoken to on the 
floor. 
Mr. Speaker, if we are going to do 
this, all I ask is that we are consistent. 
The gentlewoman can stand here and 
say that we condemn all forms of vio-
lence, but only one made it into the 
bill after committee. That is because it 
fits a particular political narrative, 
and we have no interest in actually 
rooting out domestic terrorism wher-
ever it exists. We want to make sure it 
fits a particular narrative. That is 
what this bill is about, and that is why 
we should oppose it. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
b 1515 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
I thank the gentleman for his com-
mentary, but I am going to rise and 
ask my colleagues to support this leg-
islation in a bipartisan manner. 
As indicated—I would correct my 
friend’s interpretation—Mr. STEUBE’s 
amendment was added in the markup 
and the findings at that time addressed 
antigovernment actors and violence 
against police. We made it very clear, 
and it was bipartisan, that we condemn 
violence of any kind. 
But what I would say as well is that 
the simple addition as it relates to Ke-
nosha was in sharp contrast to the vis-
ual, the video, of a direct skin contact 
shooting of an individual whose back 
was turned, and then the call across 
the Nation for white supremacists and 
white nationalists to come and defend. 
Defend what? 
There was law enforcement there. I 
think the governor had even asked for 
the Wisconsin National Guard to safe-
guard everyone. 
But here was someone that came—a 
teenager. I am grateful that he re-
mained alive; grateful. But he walked 
with guns, and is alleged to have 
killed, harmed, three people at least, 
never was confronted by officers, of 
course, to our knowledge, and got 
home to sleep in his bed. 
On the other hand, Jacob Blake, 
whose father I met, wound up in ICU, 
wound up paralyzed, a victim in the 
Kenosha shootings. 
And so it is crucial that we get the 
facts of what this legislation wants to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:15 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00040
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K21SE7.064
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 39-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4589 
September 21, 2020 
do, and that we don’t get a young man 
from Illinois versus another young man 
from Ohio, who was 12 years old— 
Tamir Rice—who didn’t get to go 
home. We want to make sure that we 
have fairness. 
Mr. Speaker, as I said, I am very con-
cerned about the shootings of these in-
dividuals, the Los Angeles deputies. We 
don’t know the motives of the assail-
ants. It remains unknown. But we con-
tinue to seek justice for them, and we 
want to make sure that the threat of 
white supremacists and domestic ter-
rorism is known. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill directs that di-
rectly and I think it will provide for a 
very important tool for our law en-
forcement—unbiased—without any ef-
fort to try and stigmatize anyone. 
Mr. Speaker, in closing, domestic 
terrorism is a serious threat to our 
country. We must take real action to 
address the rise of hate crimes and 
white 
supremacy. 
This 
legislation 
would address the rising tide of white 
supremacy without impinging on con-
stitutional rights. 
It reflects a careful balance between 
empowering the investigatory agencies 
of the Federal Government to curb 
hateful and dangerous incidents of do-
mestic terrorism and protecting the 
rights of free speech and assembly. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative 
BRAD SCHNEIDER for his leadership and 
his diligent work on this important 
legislation during this Congress. We 
will be better for the passage of this 
legislation. The Nation will be better. 
It is critical that we adopt this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to 
support 
this 
bipartisan 
legislation, 
passed out of the Committee on the Ju-
diciary in a bipartisan vote, and I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by 
the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. 
JACKSON LEE) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5602, as 
amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as 
amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
STRENGTHENING THE OPPOSITION 
TO FEMALE GENITAL MUTILA-
TION ACT OF 2020 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 6100) to amend title 18, 
United States Code, to clarify the 
criminalization of female genital muti-
lation, and for other purposes, as 
amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6100 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Strength-
ening the Opposition to Female Genital Mu-
tilation Act of 2020’’ or the ‘‘STOP FGM Act 
of 2020’’. 
SEC. 2. CONGRESSIONAL FINDINGS AND PUR-
POSE. 
The Congress finds the following: 
(1) Female genital mutilation is recognized 
internationally as a human rights violation 
and a form of child abuse, gender discrimina-
tion, and violence against women and girls. 
Female genital mutilation is a global prob-
lem whose eradication requires international 
cooperation and enforcement at the national 
level. The United States should demonstrate 
its commitment to the rights of women and 
girls by leading the way in the international 
community in banning this abhorrent prac-
tice. 
(2) Congress has previously prohibited the 
commission of female genital mutilation on 
minors. Female genital mutilation is a hei-
nous practice that often inflicts excruciating 
pain on its victims and causes them to suffer 
grave physical and psychological harm. 
(3) Congress has the power under article I, 
section 8 of the Constitution to make all 
laws which shall be necessary and proper for 
carrying into execution treaties entered into 
by the United States. 
(4) Congress also has the power under the 
Commerce Clause to prohibit female genital 
mutilation. An international market for the 
practice exists, and persons who perform fe-
male genital mutilation in other countries 
typically earn a living from doing so. 
(5) Those who perform this conduct often 
rely on a connection to interstate or foreign 
commerce, such as interstate or foreign trav-
el, the transmission or receipt of commu-
nications in interstate or foreign commerce, 
the use of instruments traded in interstate 
or foreign commerce, or payments of any 
kind in furtherance of this conduct. 
(6) Amending the statute to specify a link 
to interstate or foreign commerce would 
confirm that Congress has the affirmative 
power to prohibit this conduct. 
SEC. 3. AMENDMENTS TO CURRENT LAW ON FE-
MALE GENITAL MUTILATION. 
Section 116 of title 18, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) by amending subsection (a) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(a) Except as provided in subsection (b), 
whoever, in any circumstance described in 
subsection (d), knowingly— 
‘‘(1) performs, attempts to perform, or con-
spires to perform female genital mutilation 
on another person who has not attained the 
age of 18 years; 
‘‘(2) being the parent, guardian, or care-
taker of a person who has not attained the 
age of 18 years facilitates or consents to the 
female genital mutilation of such person; or 
‘‘(3) transports a person who has not at-
tained the age of 18 years for the purpose of 
the performance of female genital mutila-
tion on such person, 
shall be fined under this title, imprisoned 
not more than 10 years, or both.’’; 
(2) by amending subsection (c) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(c) It shall not be a defense to a prosecu-
tion under this section that female genital 
mutilation is required as a matter of reli-
gion, custom, tradition, ritual, or standard 
practice.’’; 
(3) by striking subsection (d); and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(d) For the purposes of subsection (a), the 
circumstances described in this subsection 
are that— 
‘‘(1) the defendant or victim traveled in 
interstate or foreign commerce, or traveled 
using a means, channel, facility, or instru-
mentality of interstate or foreign commerce, 
in furtherance of or in connection with the 
conduct described in subsection (a); 
‘‘(2) the defendant used a means, channel, 
facility, or instrumentality of interstate or 
foreign commerce in furtherance of or in 
connection with the conduct described in 
subsection (a); 
‘‘(3) any payment of any kind was made, 
directly or indirectly, in furtherance of or in 
connection with the conduct described in 
subsection (a) using any means, channel, fa-
cility, or instrumentality of interstate or 
foreign commerce or in or affecting inter-
state or foreign commerce; 
‘‘(4) the defendant transmitted in inter-
state or foreign commerce any communica-
tion relating to or in furtherance of the con-
duct described in subsection (a) using any 
means, channel, facility, or instrumentality 
of interstate or foreign commerce or in or af-
fecting interstate or foreign commerce by 
any means or in manner, including by com-
puter, mail, wire, or electromagnetic trans-
mission; 
‘‘(5) any instrument, item, substance, or 
other object that has traveled in interstate 
or foreign commerce was used to perform the 
conduct described in subsection (a); 
‘‘(6) the conduct described in subsection (a) 
occurred within the special maritime and 
territorial jurisdiction of the United States, 
or any territory or possession of the United 
States; or 
‘‘(7) the conduct described in subsection (a) 
otherwise occurred in or affected interstate 
or foreign commerce. 
‘‘(e) For purposes of this section, the term 
‘female genital mutilation’ means any proce-
dure performed for non-medical reasons that 
involves partial or total removal of, or other 
injury to, the external female genitalia, and 
includes— 
‘‘(1) a clitoridectomy or the partial or total 
removal of the clitoris or the prepuce or clit-
oral hood; 
‘‘(2) excision or the partial or total re-
moval (with or without excision of the clit-
oris) of the labia minora or the labia majora, 
or both; 
‘‘(3) infibulation or the narrowing of the 
vaginal opening (with or without excision of 
the clitoris); or 
‘‘(4) other procedures that are harmful to 
the external female genitalia, including 
pricking, incising, scraping, or cauterizing 
the genital area.’’. 
SEC. 4. REPORT. 
Not later than one year after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, and annually 
thereafter, the Attorney General, in con-
sultation with the Secretary of Homeland 
Security, the Secretary of State, the Sec-
retary of Health and Human Services, and 
the Secretary of Education, shall submit to 
Congress a report that includes— 
(1) an estimate of the number of women 
and girls in the United States at risk of or 
who have been subjected to female genital 
mutilation; 
(2) the protections available and actions 
taken, if any, by Federal, State, and local 
agencies to protect such women and girls; 
and 
(3) the actions taken by Federal agencies 
to educate and assist communities and key 
stakeholders about female genital mutila-
tion. 
SEC. 5. SENSE OF THE CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of the Congress that the 
United States District Court for the Eastern 
District of Michigan erred in invalidating 
the prior version of such section 116 (See 
United States v. Nagarwala, 350 F. Supp. 3d 
613, 631 (E.D. Mich. 2018)). The commercial 
nature of female genital mutilation (herein-
after in this section referred to as ‘‘FGM’’) is 
‘‘self-evident,’’ meaning that the ‘‘absence of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:44 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00041
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K21SE7.066
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 40-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4590 
September 21, 2020 
particularized findings’’ about the commer-
cial nature of FGM in the predecessor stat-
ute did not ‘‘call into question Congress’s au-
thority to legislate’’ (Gonzales v. Raich, 545 
U.S. 1, 21 (2005)). Nevertheless, the Congress 
has elected to amend the FGM statute to 
clarify the commercial nature of the conduct 
that this statute regulates. But, by doing so, 
Congress does not hereby ratify the district 
court’s 
erroneous 
interpretation 
in 
Nagarwala. 
SEC. 6. DETERMINATION OF BUDGETARY EF-
FECTS. 
The budgetary effects of this Act, for the 
purpose of complying with the Statutory 
Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010, shall be deter-
mined by reference to the latest statement 
titled ‘‘Budgetary Effects of PAYGO Legisla-
tion’’ for this Act, submitted for printing in 
the Congressional Record by the Chairman of 
the House Budget Committee, provided that 
such statement has been submitted prior to 
the vote on passage. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from 
Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) and the gen-
tleman from North Dakota (Mr. ARM-
STRONG) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-
bers have 5 legislative days to revise 
and extend their remarks and include 
extraneous material on the bill under 
consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-
woman from Texas? 
There was no objection. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill is a long time 
in coming. And I extend a general 
thank you for all of the legislative bills 
on the Committee of the Judiciary that 
have come before us today, and the 
staff, and the excellent work they have 
done. And let me particularly thank 
the Subcommittee on Crime for the 
great work they have done on this leg-
islation, strengthening the opposition 
to Female Genital Mutilation Act, or 
STOP FGM Act, to amend current law 
to ensure that the horrific practice of 
female genital mutilation is Federally 
prohibited consistent with constitu-
tional restraints. 
Let me indicate that we have been 
asked to engage. It is always good to 
know that the Congress can do things 
to fix a skewed system that harms in-
dividuals every single day, and in this 
instance, it is many young people. 
Mr. Speaker, the bill would ensure 
that it is a Federal crime to know-
ingly: 
One, perform, attempt to perform, or 
conspire to perform female genital mu-
tilation or FGM on a minor; 
Two, while being a parent, guardian, 
or caretaker of a minor, facilitate or 
consent to the female genital mutila-
tion of the minor; or 
Three, transport a minor for the pur-
pose of the performance of female gen-
ital mutilation on the minor. 
The bill would also increase the stat-
utory maximum term of imprisonment 
for a violation of the statute from 5 
years to 10 years, though these are not 
mandatory minimums. 
The bill is necessary because a dis-
trict court in Michigan recently dis-
missed the first Federal prosecution 
under the existing FGM statute, find-
ing that the acts prohibited did not 
have a significant nexus to interstate 
commerce. We had to engage in fixing 
this issue. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 6100 addresses this 
issue by explicitly requiring that one 
or more of the following circumstances 
must exist. The defendant or victim’s 
travel in interstate or foreign com-
merce, the defendant’s use of a means 
of interstate or foreign commerce, pay-
ment of any kind made using any 
means, channel, facility or instrumen-
tality of interstate or foreign com-
merce, and the defendant’s use of a 
means 
of 
communication 
affecting 
interstate or foreign commerce. We are 
therefore confident that this updated 
prohibition will pass constitutional 
muster and it is critical that we take 
these steps to update this statute. 
Mr. Speaker, the one thing I will say 
is, we cannot let what is a technical, 
legal act by the court to continue to 
provide no protection for young, inno-
cent victims. In the United States, ap-
proximately 500,000 women and girls 
were at risk for FGM or its con-
sequences, and more than 3 million 
girls are estimated to be at risk for 
FGM annually, worldwide. 
The U.S. Government has acknowl-
edged the international implications of 
FGM. For instance, in 2018 U.S. Immi-
gration and Customs Enforcement ini-
tiated Operation Limelight USA, an 
outreach program designed by ICE’s 
Homeland 
Security 
Investigations 
Human 
Rights 
Violators 
and 
War 
Crimes Unit, and I thank them for 
their work to educate travelers on the 
dangers and consequences of FGM. 
Yes, it is being done here in the 
United States, in pockets around the 
Nation, where these women are muti-
lated for life. These girls, at a very 
young age, are mutilated for life in the 
United States, where we have been dis-
cussing on this floor your due process, 
the sanctity of your own body, your 
privacy rights under the Ninth Amend-
ment. 
In addition, both the FBI and the 
Human Rights and Special Prosecu-
tions Section of the Criminal Division 
of the Department of Justice work do-
mestically to prosecute and investigate 
cases involving FGM. We want to give 
them the tools that they can use to get 
it right. 
Federal law enforcement agencies ac-
knowledge that FGM is a global issue 
and they work with international part-
ners to eliminate this horrific practice. 
FGM, therefore, is considered to have a 
substantial effect on interstate com-
merce because, although illegal, there 
is an established interstate and inter-
national market for the practice. 
I include in the RECORD an article 
about female genital mutilation. 
[From CNN Health, May 11, 2017] 
3 US WOMEN SHARE THE HORRORS OF FEMALE 
GENITAL MUTILATION 
(By Sonia Moghe) 
EAST
LANSING, 
MICHIGAN
(CNN)—Rahel 
Musa Aron was just 7 days old when the el-
ders of her community in the African nation 
of Eritrea performed a centuries-old ritual 
on her tiny body, cutting off her clitoris and 
burying it. 
Nearly six decades later, the Christian 
church leader and mother of three daughters 
sits at home in this Midwestern city and 
wonders. 
What would the small sliver of skin have 
meant for her life? Would childbirth have 
been different? Has she been missing out on 
a deeper level of intimacy with her husband 
of 40 years? 
‘‘I’m sure that it has affected my feeling,’’ 
Aron, 58, told CNN. ‘‘If it was not cut, maybe 
I would have enjoyed whatever I would have 
enjoyed. It’s a very sensitive area. So if 
that’s cut, imagine—imagine what I miss.’’ 
Often discussed in whispers, the issue of fe-
male genital mutilation grabbed headlines 
last month when, for the first time, US pros-
ecutors used a decades-old law that bans the 
practice to charge two Detroit-area doctors 
and a medical office manager in a case in-
volving two 7-year-old girls. Now, several 
women in the United States who endured the 
procedure when they were young are sharing 
their stories—all with elements that mirror 
the Michigan case—in hopes of ending it for 
good. 
When her own daughters were born, Aron 
decided the custom endured by her mother 
and her grandmother would die with her. 
‘‘What I believe is, if (the clitoris) wasn’t 
necessary, God wouldn’t have put it there,’’ 
said Aron, a deaconess at St. Luke Lutheran 
in Lansing, Michigan. ‘‘If it was not impor-
tant, it would have not been there. It’s part 
of our body. It is there for a reason.’’ 
Aron’s scars aren’t as severe as those borne 
by many of the 200 million women and girls 
around the globe—nearly a quarter of them 
younger than 15—who have undergone the 
practice, dubbed FGM or, to some survivors 
who dislike that phrase, female ritual cut-
ting. 
The procedure, in which genital organs are 
altered or injured for non-medical reasons to 
suppress sexuality, long has been deemed a 
human rights violation. It’s practiced at all 
educational levels and social classes and 
among people of many faiths, including Mus-
lims and Christians, though no religious text 
calls for it. 
Though often undertaken as a cleansing 
custom, experts roundly agree it has no med-
ical benefits—and carries myriad health 
risks, from childbirth and menstrual com-
plications to severe infections, post-trau-
matic stress, even death. 
Still, the practice persists, mostly in Afri-
can and Middle Eastern nations—and in the 
United States, where the estimated number 
of girls and women who have undergone it or 
are at risk has tripled since 1990 to more 
than 500,000. The increase reflects rapid 
growth in immigration from countries where 
FGM is common. 
While anti-cutting advocates hail efforts 
to hold offenders accountable, this case also 
raises questions about whether the accused— 
all members of the Dawoodi Bohra sect of 
Shia Islam—are being targeted because of 
their faith. Meanwhile, some worry that 
high-profile prosecutions could drive the 
practice deeper underground, further endan-
gering the very girls and women the law 
aims to protect. 
As the issue has gained attention, Immi-
gration and Customs Enforcement and the 
FBI opened national tip lines where anyone 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:44 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00042
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A21SE7.021
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 41-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4591 
September 21, 2020 
can report their experience or suspicions. 
But as several advocates told CNN, the most 
important conversations may be happening 
in homes and places of worship, as survivors 
share their stories and work to end FGM. 
‘‘This thing,’’ Aron said, ‘‘needs to be 
talked about.’’ 
‘SPECIAL GIRLS’ TRIP’ 
The FBI started looking into the Detroit- 
area case in October, when investigators 
learned that female genital mutilation was 
being performed at the Burhani Medical 
Clinic. Investigators in February learned 
that two 7-year-old girls from Minnesota 
went to the clinic with their mothers for a 
‘‘special girls’ trip’’ that they weren’t to tell 
anyone about, documents show. One girl told 
the FBI their mothers took them to the clin-
ic because ‘‘our tummies hurt’’ and a doctor 
would ‘‘get the germs out.’’ 
There were three people in the office, ‘‘one 
to clean up and two to hold (the child’s) 
hands,’’ the girl later told investigators. The 
FBI says they were local emergency room 
physician Dr. Jumana Nagarwala, clinic di-
rector Dr. Fakhruddin Attar and his wife, 
Farida Attar, who managed the office in 
Livonia, Michigan, court records show. 
The girl said she took off her pants and un-
derwear and laid on an exam table with her 
knees near her chest and legs spread apart, 
documents show. 
Nagarwala then gave her a ‘‘little pinch’’ 
in the area ‘‘where we go pee.’’ She said the 
doctor told her and her friend ‘‘no bikes and 
no splits for three days,’’ and the day after 
the procedure, the area ‘‘hurted a lot.’’ 
The girl said she and her friend got cake 
afterward because ‘‘they were doing good,’’ 
documents show. An exam found the girl’s 
labia minora removed or altered, her clitoral 
hood looking abnormal, plus scar tissue and 
small healing cuts, court records show. 
The Attars and Nagarwala each face two 
counts of female genital mutilation, one 
count of conspiracy to commit female gen-
ital mutilation, and one count of conspiracy 
to obstruct an official proceeding. The physi-
cians could face life in prison if convicted. 
‘‘This brutal practice is conducted on girls 
for one reason: to control them as women,’’ 
Daniel Lemisch, acting US Attorney for the 
Eastern District of Michigan, said in a state-
ment. ‘‘FGM will not be tolerated in the 
United States.’’ 
But attorneys for the accused say their cli-
ents are being persecuted for practicing their 
religion. Nagarwala has pleaded not guilty 
on all counts; the Attars have not entered 
pleas, but their attorneys argue they are not 
guilty of all the charges. 
CLEANSING RITUAL NOT ILLEGAL, LAWYER SAYS 
Nagarwala acknowledges performing a pro-
cedure on both girls, her lawyer, Shannon 
Smith, said. But it wasn’t female genital 
mutilation, she said, according to court doc-
uments; it was a non-invasive, religious 
cleansing ritual in the Dawoodi Bohra tradi-
tion, rooted in India. 
Nagarwala, who has been terminated from 
her job at Henry Ford Health System in 
light of this case, claims she used a long 
scraper-like tool to wipe a small portion of 
mucus membrane from the girls’ clitorises, 
then put the membrane onto gauze for their 
parents to bury, Smith said, adding that her 
client denies removing tissue and says there 
was no blood, documents show. 
The political environment surrounding the 
federal prosecution concerns Dina Francesca 
Haynes, a human rights attorney who has 
worked on hundreds of FGM cases. 
‘‘During a time when vigilantism and xeno-
phobia (are) high, the likelihood that doctors 
of particular national origins would be tar-
geted seems to also be an additional risk,’’ 
Haynes told CNN. ‘‘It makes me uncomfort-
able that the first prosecution here looks 
like it’s focusing on a particular community 
of people.’’ 
Haynes doesn’t like when ‘‘my human 
rights issues are used for a bigger agenda,’’ 
she said. 
Leaders of the Dawoodi Bohra mosque in 
Michigan, one of several hubs of the sect in 
the United States, said in a statement that 
they offered to help investigators. 
‘‘Any violation of US law is counter to in-
structions to our community members,’’ 
they said. ‘‘It is an important rule of the 
Dawoodi Bohras that we respect the laws of 
the land, wherever we live. This is precisely 
what we have done for several generations in 
America. We remind our members regularly 
of their obligations.’’ 
CNN’s calls to mosques attended by the 
girls’ parents and the defendants were not 
returned. 
‘NEVER TALK ABOUT IT’ 
This case has caught the attention of FGM 
survivors across the country, who share a 
common story: They were cut at a young age 
and told not to speak of it. 
In 1947, Renee Bergstrom was 3, living with 
her white, fundamentalist Christian family 
in rural Minnesota. When her mother saw 
her toddler touching herself, she worried. 
‘‘So, she took me to a doctor who said, ‘I 
can fix that,’ and removed my clitoris,’’ 
Bergstrom told CNN. 
Bergstrom remembers seeing her mother 
at the end of the table. She remembers the 
pain. And she remembers feeling betrayed. 
‘‘Later the day it happened, . . . she car-
ried 
me 
around 
until 
I 
quit 
crying,’’ 
Bergstrom said. ‘‘Even when I was very lit-
tle, she told me it was a mistake, but I was 
to never talk about it.’’ 
Now, nearly 70 years later, Bergstrom said 
the procedure affected her entire life. Severe 
scarring fused part of her labia; the skin 
wouldn’t stretch when it came time to de-
liver her three children. 
Now Bergstrom has teamed up with an-
other survivor in Minnesota, a Somali 
woman, to spread awareness in the area’s 
large Somali community. They give pam-
phlets to expectant mothers who survived 
the procedure so they can help their doctors 
understand birthing options. 
As she works to help immigrants from a 
country where FGM is almost universal and 
where Islam is the law, Bergstrom said she is 
concerned about Muslims being targeted in 
the United States over the practice. 
‘‘This was done (to me) in white America 
by a fundamentalist Christian doctor who 
practiced his religion with a scalpel,’’ she 
said. ‘‘I am disturbed by the anti-Muslim 
sentiment throughout the United States. I 
didn’t want this to be another form of dis-
crimination against Muslims.’’ 
‘COMPLICATED FORM OF VIOLENCE’ 
The father of one girl in the federal case 
told investigators, ‘‘If they knew what would 
come of it, this would never have happened,’’ 
documents show. 
None of the parents in this case faces 
charges—and it’s possible they never will. 
‘‘The reality is, if you want children to re-
port this . . . some people would argue that 
it would deter young girls and young women 
from seeking health care,’’ Haynes said. 
‘‘Children tend to rally around their parents 
and other adults in their life that they trust 
and wouldn’t think to report any kind of 
abuse until later.’’ 
For many survivors, coming to terms with 
their mothers’ decisions to promote the 
practice is complex. 
Mariya Taher was 7 when she went on va-
cation to Mumbai, India, with her parents. 
She remembers walking into an apartment 
with her mother. The atmosphere felt re-
laxed, with older aunties there, too. She even 
laughed. She was the only little girl there. 
‘‘Then, I remember, I was on the floor and 
my dress was pushed in,’’ Taher recalled. ‘‘I 
remember feeling something sharp and cry-
ing afterwards. One of the older women gave 
me a soda. That’s all I remember of it.’’ 
Taher, now 34, said it wasn’t until she was 
a teenager that she read about FGM in Afri-
ca and realized what had happened to her. 
Her scarring was minimal. All the same, she 
said, it was a violation. 
‘‘I honestly had a great childhood, so it’s 
really hard for me to talk about this,’’ she 
said. ‘‘I feel that people paint me as the pic-
ture of a victim, and I hate that. Yes, that 
was a violent thing that was done to me, but 
it’s also such a complicated form of vio-
lence.’’ 
Taher, whose mother and grandmother 
also endured cutting, lives in Massachusetts 
and co-founded Sahiyo, an organization that 
works to end the practice in the Dawoodi 
Bohra community. She helps women tell 
their stories—of being cut, of deciding not to 
cut, of pretending to have been cut in order 
to fit in—through social media. 
Years later, she also has realized perhaps 
the most personal achievement of her work: 
She convinced her mother to oppose FGM. 
‘‘We’ve 
had 
continual 
conversations,’’ 
Taher said. ‘‘I’ve never blamed her.’’ 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Congress has the 
power under the Commerce Clause to 
prohibit FGM, and that is why I was 
very glad to be the author and sponsor 
of this legislation by introducing this— 
what the cosponsors and I believe—is 
an important bipartisan bill. 
My former colleague, Congressman 
Crowley of New York, worked with me 
on this for many, many years. Our goal 
is to protect all women and girls from 
the practice of FGM and to provide the 
Justice Department with an effective 
means of prosecuting those who com-
mit this terrible act. That is why I sup-
port this legislation and authored this 
legislation at the same time. 
Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the 
Committees on the Judiciary and on Home-
land Security, and the Congressional Black 
Caucus, and as the bill sponsor, I rise in 
strong support of H.R. 6100, the ‘‘Strength-
ening the Opposition to Female Genital Mutila-
tion Act of 2020,’’ which I introduced with the 
Congressman BACON of Nebraska, the lead 
cosponsor. 
I want thank Chairman NADLER for his tre-
mendous leadership during this Congress and 
the past several months of hardship, stress, 
and disruption not only of the regular normal-
ized operations of this Committee but of the 
Congress and more importantly, the lives of 
the American people. 
It has been said of Americans that we do 
the difficult immediately, and the impossible 
takes a little longer. 
The legislative session today is a testament 
to the determination of this Committee that de-
spite the coronavirus pandemic that has 
claimed the life of over 200,000 Americans, 
that legislation to improve the lives of the peo-
ple we represent and the communities we 
serve will not be halted. 
The problems facing ordinary Americans 
due to flaws and inequities in the criminal jus-
tice system, the immigration system, the 
health care system, the economy, the trade-
mark system and others do not take a time- 
out because of the pandemic and neither does 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:44 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00043
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A21SE7.038
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 42-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4592 
September 21, 2020 
this Congress, and for that I commend Speak-
er PELOSI, the House Democratic leadership, 
and my colleagues on both sides of the aisle. 
Mr. 
Speaker, 
female 
genital 
mutilation 
(FGM) is an abhorrent practice and a rec-
ognizable international human rights violation. 
H.R. 6100, the STOP FGM Act is necessary 
remedial legislative modifying current law to 
aid women in several important respects. 
Specifically, the legislation would: 
1. Amend 18 U.S.C. § 116 by setting forth 
three groups of persons who can be pros-
ecuted under the statute: (1) anyone who per-
forms, attempts to perform, or conspires to 
perform, female genital mutilation on a minor; 
(2) a parent, guardian, or caretaker of a minor 
who facilitates or consents to the female gen-
ital mutilation of the minor; and (3) anyone 
who transports a minor for the purpose of per-
formance of female genital mutilation on the 
minor; 
2. Increase the statutory maximum for a vio-
lation of the statute, from 5 years to 10 years; 
3. Prohibit a defendant charged with this of-
fense from using as a defense the argument 
that they were compelled to commit the of-
fense because of religion, custom, tradition, 
ritual, or standard practice; and 
4. Amend the existing statute to more ex-
plicitly define what types of procedures con-
stitute female genital mutilation. 
Most significantly, the STOP FGM Act en-
ables us to better address FGM more com-
prehensively in the United States by requiring 
the Attorney General, in consultation with 
other federal agencies, to submit an annual 
report to Congress, to include the number of 
women and girls in the United States at risk of 
FGM; the protections available and actions 
taken; and the education and assistance pro-
vided to communities about FGM. 
Mr. Speaker, according to the World Health 
Organization (WHO) there are no positive 
health benefits from practice of FGM and the 
procedure can have severe long-term impacts 
on the physical, psychological, sexual, and re-
productive health of girls and women. 
Earlier this year, on Sunday, March 8, we 
celebrated International Women’s Day, which 
is designed to help nations worldwide elimi-
nate discrimination against women. 
International Women’s Day focuses on help-
ing women gain full and equal participation in 
global development. 
The practice of FGM violates girls’ and 
women’s rights to sexual and reproductive 
health, security and physical integrity, their 
right to be free from torture and cruel, inhu-
man or degrading treatment, and their right to 
life when the procedure results in death. 
In order for little girls to live their best lives 
as strong, empowered women, we must pro-
tect them now as girls, to give them a fighting 
chance. 
The bipartisan STOP FGM Act takes a big 
and positive step in that direction. 
Mr. Speaker, in 2017, Dr. Nagarwala, a 
Michigan doctor performed this brutal act on 
several minors. 
The U.S. Department of Justice then pros-
ecuted her and others for violating the law. 
It was the first federal case of its kind 
brought under the existing statute. 
Nagarwala challenged the law, and the dis-
trict court agreed and found that the statute 
was unconstitutional and that FGM is a ‘purely 
local crime.’ 
However, according to the World Health Or-
ganization, it is estimated that more than 200 
million girls and women alive today have un-
dergone female genital mutilation. 
Further, there are an estimated 3 million 
girls at risk of undergoing female genital muti-
lation every year. 
Because of the manner in which female 
genital mutilation is being practiced in the 
United States, it affects interstate and foreign 
commerce, the regulation of which the Con-
stitution entrusts to the Congress in Article I, 
section 8, clause 3. 
Therefore, Congress has the authority under 
the Commerce Clause, as well as Necessary 
and Proper Clause contained in Article I, sec-
tion 8, clause 17, to regulate, restrict, and 
even prohibit the practice of FGM. 
H.R. 6100 is a comprehensive response to 
addressing FGM more effectively, and it in-
cludes input from a wide array of stake-
holders, including DOJ, anti-FGM advocates, 
clinicians, and CDC experts. 
I strongly support this bipartisan legislation 
and ask my colleagues to do the same. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. ARMSTRONG. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
1600, the Stop FGM Act of 2020. 
This bill outlaws a practice that is 
recognized internationally as a human 
rights violation, and even torture. It is 
an extreme form of discrimination 
against women and girls. Unfortu-
nately, half a million girls and women 
worldwide are subject to this torture or 
at risk for it. 
I am sure most people assumed that 
FGM was already illegal. It was. 
In 1996, Congress prohibited the prac-
tice of FGM. But in 2018, a Federal 
judge in Michigan dismissed charges 
against a doctor and others from a 
local Indian Dawoodi Bohra commu-
nity involved in the mutilation of nine 
young girls. The judge ruled that the 
Federal Government does not have the 
power to regulate FGM. 
Since that time, the Justice Depart-
ment has been able to stop these acts 
of violence against America’s young 
girls. 
This bill will amend title 18 to make 
FGM that is performed for nonmedical 
reasons a crime and overturn the 
judge’s decision by explicitly describ-
ing the constitutional basis for ban-
ning FGM under the Commerce Clause 
of the United States Constitution. 
Mr. Speaker, I think all my col-
leagues can come together and support 
this important bipartisan bill, and I 
urge my colleagues to join me in sup-
porting H.R. 6100. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I emphasize that the 
practice of FGM violates girls’ and 
women’s rights to sexual and reproduc-
tive health, security, and physical in-
tegrity, their right to be free from tor-
ture and cruel or inhumane or degrad-
ing treatment, and their right to life 
when the procedure results in death. 
Let me be very clear: This is inter-
national, but it is happening in the 
United States, and I think it is impor-
tant for this Nation to stand up to this 
dastardly act. 
According to the World Health Orga-
nization, it is estimated that more 
than 200 million girls and women alive 
today have undergone female genital 
mutilation. Further, there are an esti-
mated 3 million girls at risk of under-
going female genital mutilation every 
year. 
And because of the manner in which 
female genital mutilation is being 
practiced in the United States, it af-
fects interstate and foreign commerce, 
the regulation which the Constitution 
entrusts in the Constitution in Article 
1, Section 8, Clause 3. 
Mr. Speaker, I am very grateful to 
the Committee on the Judiciary’s staff 
for working together with me and my 
office, making this legislation a real 
fix. Therefore, Congress has the au-
thority under the Commerce Clause, as 
well as the necessary and proper clause 
contained in Article I, Section 8, to fix 
this, and that is what we have done. 
Again, let me thank the chairman 
and ranking member of the full com-
mittee and of the subcommittees, and 
all of the Members, for supporting this 
legislation. 
The STOP FGM Act is a critical 
measure to protect the health and safe-
ty of girls in our communities and to 
ensure that those who would engage in 
this 
horrific 
practice 
do 
not 
go 
unpunished. 
This is bipartisan legislation, and I 
urge my colleagues to join me in sup-
porting this legislation and voting to 
stop these dastardly acts. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
b 1530 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by 
the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. 
JACKSON LEE) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6100, as 
amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as 
amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
CREATING 
A 
RESPECTFUL 
AND 
OPEN 
WORLD 
FOR 
NATURAL 
HAIR ACT OF 2020 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 5309) to prohibit discrimina-
tion based on an individual’s texture or 
style of hair, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5309 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Creating a 
Respectful and Open World for Natural Hair 
Act of 2020’’ or the ‘‘CROWN Act of 2020’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:44 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00044
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A21SE7.031
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 43-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4593 
September 21, 2020 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS; SENSE OF CONGRESS; PUR-
POSE. 
(a) 
FINDINGS.—Congress 
finds 
the 
fol-
lowing: 
(1) Throughout United States history, soci-
ety has used (in conjunction with skin color) 
hair texture and hairstyle to classify individ-
uals on the basis of race. 
(2) Like one’s skin color, one’s hair has 
served as a basis of race and national origin 
discrimination. 
(3) Racial and national origin discrimina-
tion can and do occur because of long-
standing racial and national origin biases 
and stereotypes associated with hair texture 
and style. 
(4) For example, routinely, people of Afri-
can descent are deprived of educational and 
employment opportunities because they are 
adorned with natural or protective hair-
styles in which hair is tightly coiled or 
tightly curled, or worn in locs, cornrows, 
twists, braids, Bantu knots, or Afros. 
(5) Racial and national origin discrimina-
tion is reflected in school and workplace 
policies and practices that bar natural or 
protective hairstyles commonly worn by peo-
ple of African descent. 
(6) For example, as recently as 2018, the 
United States Armed Forces had grooming 
policies that barred natural or protective 
hairstyles that servicewomen of African de-
scent commonly wear and that described 
these hairstyles as ‘‘unkempt’’. 
(7) In 2018, the United States Armed Forces 
rescinded these policies and recognized that 
this description perpetuated derogatory ra-
cial stereotypes. 
(8) The United States Armed Forces also 
recognized that prohibitions against natural 
or protective hairstyles that African-Amer-
ican servicewomen are commonly adorned 
with are racially discriminatory and bear no 
relationship to African-American service-
women’s 
occupational 
qualifications 
and 
their ability to serve and protect the Nation. 
(9) As a type of racial or national origin 
discrimination, discrimination on the basis 
of natural or protective hairstyles that peo-
ple of African descent are commonly adorned 
with violates existing Federal law, including 
provisions of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 
U.S.C. 2000e et seq.), section 1977 of the Re-
vised Statutes (42 U.S.C. 1981), and the Fair 
Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 3601 et seq.). However, 
some Federal courts have misinterpreted 
Federal civil rights law by narrowly inter-
preting the meaning of race or national ori-
gin, and thereby permitting, for example, 
employers to discriminate against people of 
African descent who wear natural or protec-
tive hairstyles even though the employment 
policies involved are not related to workers’ 
ability to perform their jobs. 
(10) Applying this narrow interpretation of 
race or national origin has resulted in a lack 
of Federal civil rights protection for individ-
uals who are discriminated against on the 
basis of characteristics that are commonly 
associated with race and national origin. 
(11) In 2019 and 2020, State legislatures and 
municipal bodies throughout the United 
States have introduced and passed legisla-
tion that rejects certain Federal courts’ re-
strictive interpretation of race and national 
origin, and expressly classifies race and na-
tional origin discrimination as inclusive of 
discrimination on the basis of natural or pro-
tective hairstyles commonly associated with 
race and national origin. 
(b) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the Federal Government should ac-
knowledge that individuals who have hair 
texture or wear a hairstyle that is histori-
cally and contemporarily associated with Af-
rican Americans or persons of African de-
scent systematically suffer harmful dis-
crimination in schools, workplaces, and 
other contexts based upon longstanding race 
and national origin stereotypes and biases; 
(2) a clear and comprehensive law should 
address the systematic deprivation of edu-
cational, employment, and other opportuni-
ties on the basis of hair texture and hair-
style that are commonly associated with 
race or national origin; 
(3) clear, consistent, and enforceable legal 
standards must be provided to redress the 
widespread incidences of race and national 
origin discrimination based upon hair tex-
ture and hairstyle in schools, workplaces, 
housing, federally funded institutions, and 
other contexts; 
(4) it is necessary to prevent educational, 
employment, and other decisions, practices, 
and policies generated by or reflecting nega-
tive biases and stereotypes related to race or 
national origin; 
(5) the Federal Government must play a 
key role in enforcing Federal civil rights 
laws in a way that secures equal educational, 
employment, and other opportunities for all 
individuals regardless of their race or na-
tional origin; 
(6) the Federal Government must play a 
central role in enforcing the standards estab-
lished under this Act on behalf of individuals 
who suffer race or national origin discrimi-
nation based upon hair texture and hair-
style; 
(7) it is necessary to prohibit and provide 
remedies for the harms suffered as a result of 
race or national origin discrimination on the 
basis of hair texture and hairstyle; and 
(8) it is necessary to mandate that school, 
workplace, and other applicable standards be 
applied in a nondiscriminatory manner and 
to explicitly prohibit the adoption or imple-
mentation of grooming requirements that 
disproportionately impact people of African 
descent. 
(c) PURPOSE.—The purpose of this Act is to 
institute definitions of race and national ori-
gin for Federal civil rights laws that effec-
tuate the comprehensive scope of protection 
Congress intended to be afforded by such 
laws and Congress’ objective to eliminate 
race and national origin discrimination in 
the United States. 
SEC. 3. FEDERALLY ASSISTED PROGRAMS. 
(a) IN
GENERAL.—No individual in the 
United States shall be excluded from partici-
pation in, be denied the benefits of, or be 
subjected to discrimination under, any pro-
gram or activity receiving Federal financial 
assistance, based on the individual’s hair 
texture or hairstyle, if that hair texture or 
that hairstyle is commonly associated with a 
particular race or national origin (including 
a hairstyle in which hair is tightly coiled or 
tightly curled, locs, cornrows, twists, braids, 
Bantu knots, and Afros). 
(b) ENFORCEMENT.—Subsection (a) shall be 
enforced in the same manner and by the 
same means, including with the same juris-
diction, as if such subsection was incor-
porated in title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 
1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000d et seq.), and as if a viola-
tion of subsection (a) was treated as if it was 
a violation of section 601 of such Act (42 
U.S.C. 2000d). 
(c) DEFINITIONS.—In this section— 
(1) the term ‘‘program or activity’’ has the 
meaning given the term in section 606 of the 
Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000d–4a); 
and 
(2) the terms ‘‘race’’ and ‘‘national origin’’ 
mean, respectively, ‘‘race’’ within the mean-
ing of the term in section 601 of that Act (42 
U.S.C. 2000d) and ‘‘national origin’’ within 
the meaning of the term in that section 601. 
SEC. 4. HOUSING PROGRAMS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—No person in the United 
States shall be subjected to a discriminatory 
housing practice based on the person’s hair 
texture or hairstyle, if that hair texture or 
that hairstyle is commonly associated with a 
particular race or national origin (including 
a hairstyle in which hair is tightly coiled or 
tightly curled, locs, cornrows, twists, braids, 
Bantu knots, and Afros). 
(b) ENFORCEMENT.—Subsection (a) shall be 
enforced in the same manner and by the 
same means, including with the same juris-
diction, as if such subsection was incor-
porated in the Fair Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 
3601 et seq.), and as if a violation of sub-
section (a) was treated as if it was a dis-
criminatory housing practice. 
(c) DEFINITION.—In this section— 
(1) the terms ‘‘discriminatory housing 
practice’’ and ‘‘person’’ have the meanings 
given the terms in section 802 of the Fair 
Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 3602); and 
(2) the terms ‘‘race’’ and ‘‘national origin’’ 
mean, respectively, ‘‘race’’ within the mean-
ing of the term in section 804 of that Act (42 
U.S.C. 3604) and ‘‘national origin’’ within the 
meaning of the term in that section 804. 
SEC. 5. PUBLIC ACCOMMODATIONS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—No person in the United 
States shall be subjected to a practice pro-
hibited under section 201, 202, or 203 of the 
Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000a et 
seq.), based on the person’s hair texture or 
hairstyle, if that hair texture or that hair-
style is commonly associated with a par-
ticular race or national origin (including a 
hairstyle in which hair is tightly coiled or 
tightly curled, locs, cornrows, twists, braids, 
Bantu knots, and Afros). 
(b) ENFORCEMENT.—Subsection (a) shall be 
enforced in the same manner and by the 
same means, including with the same juris-
diction, as if such subsection was incor-
porated in title II of the Civil Rights Act of 
1964, and as if a violation of subsection (a) 
was treated as if it was a violation of section 
201, 202, or 203, as appropriate, of such Act. 
(c) DEFINITION.—In this section, the terms 
‘‘race’’ and ‘‘national origin’’ mean, respec-
tively, ‘‘race’’ within the meaning of the 
term in section 201 of that Act (42 U.S.C. 
2000e) and ‘‘national origin’’ within the 
meaning of the term in that section 201. 
SEC. 6. EMPLOYMENT. 
(a) PROHIBITION.—It shall be an unlawful 
employment practice for an employer, em-
ployment agency, labor organization, or 
joint labor-management committee control-
ling apprenticeship or other training or re-
training (including on-the-job training pro-
grams) to fail or refuse to hire or to dis-
charge any individual, or otherwise to dis-
criminate against an individual, based on the 
individual’s hair texture or hairstyle, if that 
hair texture or that hairstyle is commonly 
associated with a particular race or national 
origin (including a hairstyle in which hair is 
tightly coiled or tightly curled, locs, corn-
rows, twists, braids, Bantu knots, and Afros). 
(b) ENFORCEMENT.—Subsection (a) shall be 
enforced in the same manner and by the 
same means, including with the same juris-
diction, as if such subsection was incor-
porated in title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 
1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000e et seq.), and as if a viola-
tion of subsection (a) was treated as if it was 
a violation of section 703 or 704, as appro-
priate, of such Act (42 U.S.C. 2000e–2, 2000e–3). 
(c) DEFINITIONS.—In this section the terms 
‘‘person’’, ‘‘race’’, and ‘‘national origin’’ 
have the meanings given the terms in sec-
tion 701 of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 
U.S.C. 2000e). 
SEC. 7. EQUAL RIGHTS UNDER THE LAW. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—No person in the United 
States shall be subjected to a practice pro-
hibited under section 1977 of the Revised 
Statutes (42 U.S.C. 1981), based on the per-
son’s hair texture or hairstyle, if that hair 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:44 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00045
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A21SE7.034
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 44-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4594 
September 21, 2020 
texture or that hairstyle is commonly asso-
ciated with a particular race or national ori-
gin (including a hairstyle in which hair is 
tightly coiled or tightly curled, locs, corn-
rows, twists, braids, Bantu knots, and Afros). 
(b) ENFORCEMENT.—Subsection (a) shall be 
enforced in the same manner and by the 
same means, including with the same juris-
diction, as if such subsection was incor-
porated in section 1977 of the Revised Stat-
utes, and as if a violation of subsection (a) 
was treated as if it was a violation of that 
section 1977. 
SEC. 8. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this Act shall be construed to 
limit definitions of race or national origin 
under the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 
2000a et seq.), the Fair Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 
3601 et seq.), or section 1977 of the Revised 
Statutes (42 U.S.C. 1981). 
SEC. 9. DETERMINATION OF BUDGETARY EF-
FECTS. 
The budgetary effects of this Act, for the 
purpose of complying with the Statutory 
Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010, shall be deter-
mined by reference to the latest statement 
titled ‘‘Budgetary Effects of PAYGO Legisla-
tion’’ for this Act, submitted for printing in 
the Congressional Record by the Chairman of 
the House Budget Committee, provided that 
such statement has been submitted prior to 
the vote on passage. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from 
Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) and the gen-
tleman from North Dakota (Mr. ARM-
STRONG) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Texas. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support 
of H.R. 5309, the Creating a Respectful 
and Open World for Natural Hair Act of 
2020, or CROWN Act of 2020. 
This important bill explicitly pro-
hibits discrimination on the basis of 
hair texture and hairstyles commonly 
associated with a particular race or na-
tional origin in employment, housing, 
federally funded programs, public ac-
commodations, and the making and en-
forcement of contracts. 
I rise to thank the sponsor of this 
bill, Congressman CEDRIC RICHMOND of 
Louisiana, for his leadership and his vi-
sion and, really, gathering all of the 
proponents with all of their efforts to 
be able to get this bill to move as 
quickly as it has done. 
To be clear, it is my view that exist-
ing civil rights statutes that prohibit 
discrimination on the basis of race or 
natural origin may already make such 
kinds of hair-based discrimination un-
lawful, but it is crucial that we are ab-
solutely sure. 
The Equal Employment Opportunity 
Commission agrees, having issued guid-
ance interpreting title VII of the Civil 
Rights Act of 1964 to prohibit discrimi-
nation based on hairstyle or texture as 
a form of race discrimination in cer-
tain instances. Unfortunately, several 
Federal courts have erroneously re-
jected this interpretation, which is 
why we must pass H.R. 5309. 
Personally, coming from the State of 
Texas, I am aware of a heinous, dev-
astating impact on a young man who 
had dreadlocks. Apparently, the school 
district could not find title VII, did not 
understand the law, and he did not ex-
perience the benefit of the law, being 
suspended and not being able to grad-
uate. That was a dastardly action, and 
we are all sufferers for that happening 
to that young man who didn’t deserve 
it. 
This legislation will leave no ambi-
guity that, in key areas where Federal 
law prohibits race and national origin 
discrimination, discrimination based 
on an individual’s hair texture or hair-
style, if they are commonly associated 
with a particular race or national ori-
gin, is unlawful. 
The history of discrimination based 
on race and national origin in this 
country is, sadly, older than the coun-
try itself, and we are still living with 
the consequences today. 
Congress took a pivotal step in the 
fight against racism and discrimina-
tion when it passed the Civil Rights 
Act of 1964, prohibiting discrimination 
on the basis of race and national ori-
gin, as well as other characteristics in 
key areas of life. 
This law did not eliminate discrimi-
nation entirely. One cannot legislate 
away hate. But it provided critical re-
course for those who face discrimina-
tion, and it made clear that the gov-
ernment has a compelling interest in 
fighting discrimination. 
Even Dr. Martin Luther King said 
that he might not be able to change 
hearts, but he could change laws. This 
is what we are doing today. 
We cannot fool ourselves into think-
ing that discrimination is no longer 
alive and well; however, the recent pro-
tests over police brutality, systemic 
racism, and institutional racism have 
forced many who would rather look the 
other way to confront the continuing 
and pervasive legacy of racism in our 
country. 
While racism and discrimination still 
take many blatantly obvious forms, 
they also manifest themselves in more 
subtle ways. One form is discrimina-
tion based on natural hairstyles and 
hair textures associated with people of 
African descent. 
I think you can take a national sur-
vey, go across the country in all 50 
States and find someone who is of Afri-
can descent, and they will tell you 
about the response to either their 
beards and hairstyles, as relates to 
men, and to women and their hair-
styles. 
According to a 2019 study of Black 
and non-Black women conducted by 
the JOY Collective, Black people are 
disproportionately burdened by poli-
cies and practices in public places, in-
cluding the workplace, that target, 
profile, or single them out for natural 
hairstyles and other hairstyles tradi-
tionally associated with their race, 
like braids, locs, and twists. 
Often, those hairstyles are protective 
hairstyles—hairstyles that tuck the 
ends of one’s hair away and minimize 
manipulation and exposure to the 
weather—and can play an important 
role in helping to keep one’s hair 
healthy. They can be utilitarian, and 
we are denied that right to have a hair-
style that is utilitarian. That may be 
dreadlocks and braids and various 
other styles that are neatly placed on 
one’s head, the crown. 
These findings are bolstered by nu-
merous reports of incidents in recent 
years showing that this form of dis-
crimination is common. For example, 
in 2017, a Banana Republic employee 
was told by a manager that she had 
violated the company’s dress code be-
cause her box braids were too urban 
and unkempt. 
A year later, a New Jersey high 
school student was forced by a White 
referee to either have his dreadlocks 
cut or forfeit a wrestling match, ulti-
mately leading to a league official 
humiliatingly cutting the student’s 
hair in public immediately before the 
match. 
Let me just pause for a moment. Any 
of us who raised children, a son or a 
daughter, has that image in our heart, 
in our DNA. That picture has gone 
viral. It is still there. That young man 
can be 30 or 40 or 50, and you will see 
his commitment to wrestling on behalf 
of his school and his team. And in the 
public eye, he is having one of the most 
sacred parts of anyone’s experience— 
your hair—being cut publicly for the 
world to view. I just feel a pain right 
now seeing that young man do that. 
His parents were not there, or had no 
ability to respond, but he had the cour-
age to get it done so that he could com-
pete with his teammates. 
In that same year, an 11-year-old 
Black girl was asked to leave class at a 
school near New Orleans because her 
braided hair extensions violated the 
school’s policy. 
Unfortunately, research shows that 
such discrimination is pervasive. The 
JOY Collective study found that Black 
women are more likely than non-Black 
women to have received formal groom-
ing policies in the workplace and that 
Black women’s hairstyles were consist-
ently rated to be lower or ‘‘less ready’’ 
for job performance than non-Black 
hairstyles by substantial margins. 
In view of these disturbing facts, 
seven States—California, New York, 
New Jersey, Virginia, Colorado, Wash-
ington, and Maryland—have enacted 
State versions of the CROWN Act, in 
every case with bipartisan support, 
sometimes even with unanimous sup-
port of both parties. I know my State 
is finally going to attempt to do so in 
the next legislative session in the 
State house. 
While I applaud these States for tak-
ing this necessary step, this is a matter 
of basic justice that deals with Federal 
law, civil rights, title VII, that de-
mands a national solution by this Con-
gress. I am glad that we are where we 
are today. 
Additionally, the United States mili-
tary has recognized the racially dis-
parate impact of seemingly neutral 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:44 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00046
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A21SE7.034
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 45-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4595 
September 21, 2020 
grooming policies on persons of African 
ancestry, particularly Black women. 
For this reason, in 2017, the Army re-
pealed a grooming regulation prohib-
iting 
women 
servicemembers 
from 
wearing their hair in dreadlocks, and, 
in 2015, the Marine Corps issued regula-
tions to permit loc and twist hair-
styles. None of that impacts your serv-
ice to this Nation. 
I thank the gentleman from Lou-
isiana again, Representative CEDRIC 
RICHMOND, for introducing and cham-
pioning this important bill and for his 
leadership on this issue. 
I urge my colleagues to pass H.R. 
5309, and I reserve the balance of my 
time. 
Mr. ARMSTRONG. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
I watched the wrestling video and I 
hear the stories from a school in Texas 
or Banana Republic, and I find these 
things horrible. I don’t think you can 
find any Member in this Chamber who 
doesn’t find racial discrimination to be 
repugnant and inconsistent with basic 
standards of human decency. 
What Democrats and Republicans 
also agree on is that using hairstyles 
as an excuse for engaging in racial dis-
crimination is wrong and is already il-
legal under Federal civil rights law, 
and I think that is where we come to a 
little bit of a disagreement. If a school 
administrator in Texas can’t find title 
VII, he is not going to find this lan-
guage in addition to title VII. 
In 1973, the Supreme Court held that 
using a pretextual reason as cover for 
undertaking an action prohibited by 
Federal civil rights laws is, nonethe-
less, a violation of Federal civil rights 
laws. As early as 1976, Federal courts 
held that discrimination on the basis of 
a hairstyle associated with a certain 
race or national origin may constitute 
racial discrimination. 
Looking at both this bill and the law, 
it appears to me that the behavior that 
we are seeking to make illegal is al-
ready illegal. However, both at markup 
and on the floor, our colleagues have 
made impassioned arguments about 
why this bill is necessary, even though 
we all agree that the activity that we 
are already talking about is already il-
legal. 
That doesn’t take anything away 
from the discrimination or the embar-
rassment that any of those young men 
or women have felt in any of those in-
cidents, but I am not sure the bill 
solves the problem, and that is why I 
wish the committee had taken time to 
examine whether the bill is either re-
dundant or necessary. 
Our committee should have held a 
hearing with alleged victims of the sort 
of discrimination that the Democrats 
argue this bill is designed to help. Our 
committee should have had a hearing 
with some legal scholars and individ-
uals responsible for enforcing our Na-
tion’s civil rights laws to determine if 
this bill will achieve what it is in-
tended to do. 
Schools, employers, and other enti-
ties covered by Federal civil rights 
laws can have race-neutral policies 
that everyone must follow. They can 
also have race-neutral policies that 
have a disparate racial impact, and 
those are the places we need to address. 
This is particularly true when the 
policy is necessary for critical func-
tions of the job. There is a reason fire-
fighters 
have 
mustaches 
but 
not 
beards, and that is because you have to 
wear an SCBA. You can’t wear the 
mask if you have a beard. 
Our committee should have examined 
how this bill would affect the ability of 
schools, employers, and other entities 
to maintain such policies. But we never 
had a hearing; we just had a markup. 
Chairman NADLER
brought this bill 
straight to markup, and now we are on 
the floor today without any legislative 
hearing. 
I am not even sure it is a bad idea. 
But I would like to know if it is not re-
dundant. I would like to know what the 
unintended 
consequences 
are. 
And 
there are real reasons why, when you 
are dealing with civil rights law, par-
ticularly on something that has al-
ready been agreed on that is illegal— 
enforcement and legality are two dif-
ferent things, and we just don’t know 
enough about what we are doing or why 
it is necessary. 
So, I would ask that we oppose this 
bill, and I reserve the balance of my 
time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Mr. Speaker, let me indicate that I 
want to thank the previous speaker for 
raising his concerns. 
I think what I would like to offer to 
him is that people have been suffering 
these indignities for decades. Natural 
hair is coming back. We called it Afros. 
And anyone who wore an Afro in a cer-
tain era knows how they were con-
fronted and looked at. There were vast 
numbers 
of 
people 
wearing 
Afros, 
whether males or females, individuals 
of African descent. I am a living wit-
ness, and we are living witnesses to 
that. 
So I do want to make the point that 
it is not redundant. I will make this 
point again. But in 2016, the Eleventh 
Circuit rejected the EEOC’s argument 
that existing law prohibits hair dis-
crimination as a proxy for race dis-
crimination. 
What I did say, as we worked to-
gether, Mr. ARMSTRONG—I appreciate 
his commentary and his leadership—is 
that we are here to fix things, and here 
we have that the Eleventh Circuit 
would not accept that. 
So I thank the gentleman for raising 
the concern, and I think Chairman 
NADLER looked at this carefully and 
subcommittee chairpersons looked at 
this carefully and knew that we had to 
proceed. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the 
gentlewoman 
from 
California 
(Ms. 
LEE), who is a distinguished senior 
member on the Appropriations Com-
mittee but, more importantly, has, I 
think, had her own life experience and 
has fought throughout her life for civil 
rights, civil justice, and ensuring that 
the most vulnerable will have a voice. 
b 1545 
Ms. LEE of California. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank Representative JACKSON LEE for 
yielding and also for her tremendous 
work in advancing this bill to the floor, 
and also to Chairman NADLER and his 
support for this legislation. Also, I 
want to thank and acknowledge Rep-
resentatives RICHMOND, FUDGE, and 
PRESSLEY for their tremendous leader-
ship and vision for putting this bill to-
gether, and I am in strong support of 
it. 
Mr. Speaker, this morning I thought 
about our beloved John Lewis and how 
he made good trouble all of his life. He 
was an original cosponsor of this bill, 
and this bill is an example of how we 
make good trouble to end discrimina-
tion. 
This bill will prohibit, finally, dis-
crimination based on an individual’s 
style or texture of hair, commonly as-
sociated with the race or national ori-
gin in the definition of racial discrimi-
nation. It is really hard for me to be-
lieve that we have to introduce this 
bill in the 21st century, and so I just 
want to thank our advocates who have 
worked so hard to bring this bill to the 
floor. 
As one who has worn her hair as I 
chose, including natural, I have had 
many unpleasant encounters with peo-
ple who told me I did not look like a 
Member of Congress because of my 
hair, over and over again. Discrimina-
tion against African Americans in 
schools and in the workplace is real, 
and it is a continued barrier to equal-
ity in our country. 
Black men and women continue to 
face workplace stereotypes and are 
pressured to adopt White standards of 
beauty and professionalism. Our daugh-
ters are penalized in school for natural 
hairstyles deemed as messy and unruly 
in juxtaposition to the treatment of 
their White counterparts. That is a 
fact. 
Students have been humiliated and 
suspended for having beautifully braid-
ed extensions or forced to cut their 
locks before a high school wrestling 
match because it was a violation of 
some dress code. And across the coun-
try people of African descent have been 
required to cut or change the natural 
style or texture of their hair just to get 
a job. 
Now, when I was in college, in the 
day, I was told that I looked too mili-
tant and should change my hairstyle if 
I wanted to be successful in the work-
place. 
In 2014, the women of the Congres-
sional Black Caucus urged the Army to 
rescind Army regulations—and Con-
gresswoman JACKSON LEE signed my 
letter—this was regulation 670–1, which 
prohibited many hairstyles worn by Af-
rican-American 
women 
and 
other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:44 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00047
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K21SE7.073
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 46-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4596 
September 21, 2020 
women of color. After months of build-
ing support, I led an amendment and it 
was included in the fiscal year 2015 De-
fense Appropriations Bill to ban fund-
ing for this discriminatory rule. A few 
years later, the United States Navy re-
moved their discriminatory policy. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield an additional 1 minute to the 
gentlewoman 
from 
California 
(Ms. 
LEE). 
Ms. LEE of California. Mr. Speaker, 
with reference to the amendment that 
I got into the fiscal year 2015 Defense 
Appropriations Bill funding, to deny 
funding for this discriminatory rule. 
We moved forward, and later the U.S. 
Navy removed their discriminatory 
policy. They knew it was discrimina-
tory, and finally permitted women, 
specifically women of color, to wear 
their hair in dreadlocks, large buns, 
braids, and ponytails. 
This laid the groundwork for my 
home State, California, to become the 
first 
State 
to 
ban 
discrimination 
against African Americans for wearing 
natural hairstyles at school or in the 
workplace with the passage of Califor-
nia’s CROWN Act. And I am thankful 
and so proud of Senator Holly Mitchell 
for her bold leadership in getting this 
done. 
We owe it to our children to take ac-
tion in Congress to break down these 
barriers and make sure that they know 
that, yes, Black is still beautiful. And, 
yes, Mr. Speaker, Ms. JACKSON LEE’s 
crown and braids are beautiful. 
Our young people see that with this 
bill we don’t want them to be penal-
ized. And they are being penalized if 
they wear their hair like I wear my 
hair or like Congresswoman JACKSON 
LEE wears her hair, they are penalized. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has again ex-
pired. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield an additional 1 minute to the 
gentlewoman 
from 
California 
(Ms. 
LEE). 
Ms. LEE of California. Mr. Speaker, I 
want to make the point how important 
this is to let our young children know 
that it is okay and that we honor them 
for being who they are by wearing their 
hair the way that they choose. They 
won’t be penalized. They won’t be 
kicked out of school. They won’t be de-
humanized or demeaned by just doing 
that. It is finally time, in this 21st cen-
tury, to say enough is enough. 
Mr. ARMSTRONG. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield such time as he may consume to 
the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. JORDAN), 
the ranking member of the Judiciary 
Committee. 
Mr. JORDAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, a few minutes ago we 
had a bill on domestic terrorism, 
Democrats 
wouldn’t 
add 
language 
about the murder of a President Trump 
supporter by a member of Antifa. On 
that same bill, Democrats wouldn’t add 
language about an assassination at-
tempt on two police officers just 2 
weeks ago, but now we have a bill to 
Federalize hairstyles. Federalize hair-
styles. 
Democrats are doing nothing to ad-
dress the violence and unrest in the 
streets of our cities, attacks on law en-
forcement officers across the country. 
Portland and other cities continue to 
surrender their streets to violent left- 
wing agitators, placing their residences 
and businesses at risk—residents and 
businesses and business owners across 
the country from—you have got Asian 
Americans, African Americans, you got 
all kinds—all Americans—can’t deal 
with that, but we can Federalize hair. 
Racial discrimination is terrible, it is 
wrong, and it is already illegal under 
the law, as the gentleman from North 
Dakota pointed out. You go ask any 
American right now, September 2020: 
What should the United States House 
of Representatives be focused on? Lots 
of important issues we have got to deal 
with. 
But a policy that I think is redun-
dant, as the gentleman pointed out, 
that is already covered under Federal 
law. We don’t want any discrimination 
and we should rightly deal with it 
when it raises its ugly head. But this, 
come on. We can’t add language to a 
domestic terrorism bill about two ter-
rible things that have happened in the 
last month, but we are going to spend 
time on Federalizing a hairstyle. 
Mr. Speaker, I think we should vote 
against this. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. ARMSTRONG. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Mr. Speaker, in closing, I will say 
that the stories we hear, and the things 
are terrible, but this is a problem of 
education and not legislation. And it is 
more than that. 
Without having these hearings, with-
out understanding this, without under-
standing where in our current law that 
we don’t already make this conduct 
and this pretextual racial conduct ille-
gal, we essentially are saying that we 
are—I mean, making something illegal 
twice isn’t going to change somebody’s 
mind if it was already illegal once, and 
I think that is the mistake we are 
making here. It is not about the con-
duct and the underlying conduct and 
those types of things, it is about what 
we are trying to accomplish, how we 
are doing it, and the process in which 
we do it. 
The sentiment is there, and I can’t 
disagree with any of these stories, I 
just don’t think this bill solves the 
problem they are trying to solve. And I 
don’t think we have nearly enough evi-
dence to show that it does. So with 
that, I would urge my colleagues to 
vote against this legislation, and I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the com-
ments of my good friend from North 
Dakota, and even my good friend from 
Ohio. But as I close, let me, first of all, 
indicate this couldn’t be a more impor-
tant bill. I heard on the floor someone 
talk about this being redundant. 
Whenever we can have civil rights, 
equal rights, and equality as being re-
dundant, then America is doing the 
right thing. Whenever we can clarify 
the 11th Circuit that rejected the 
EEOC’s argument that existing law 
prohibits hair discrimination as a 
proxy for race discrimination, when-
ever we can clarify that—whenever we 
can save the dignity, the hurt, and 
sometimes the ruination of people who 
simply because of the color of their 
skin and the kind of hair that they 
have, ruins their life or disallows them 
from graduating or have a public shed-
ding of their hair for the world to see 
so that they can support their team. 
Whenever we are able to fix that on 
the floor of the House, I think we 
should do it. 
And I take issue with my good friend 
from Ohio, we have the legislative 
RECORD. We have condemned any vio-
lence against law enforcement officers, 
and we mourn and ensure that the 
world knows that we are praying for 
and have indicated our condemnation 
of the shooting of the two officers in 
California and wish for their speedy re-
covery. And, as well, I want to make 
sure that all those who are shown to 
have done this are quickly brought to 
justice. That is in the legislative his-
tory. 
We also recognize that the issues 
dealing with Kenosha are unique and, 
therefore, we are sorry that Tamir Rice 
did not get the opportunity as a young 
boy, just as this 17-year-old, who was 
clearly engaged with white supremacy 
and white nationalism, came to this 
place to do harm, which he did. Tamir 
Rice was just a 12-year-old boy in a 
park. 
So I don’t think you can equate the 
two, and I don’t think you can suggest 
that we are not supposed to respond to 
domestic terrorism. 
So let me indicate, Mr. Speaker, that 
I do want to thank Mr. RICHMOND, Ms. 
FUDGE, Ms. PRESSLEY, and as my col-
league mentioned, the late John Rob-
ert Lewis, who was always looking for 
good trouble and to do what is right as 
a cosponsor of this legislation. 
H.R. 5309 is an important piece of leg-
islation that will help further ensure 
that hairstyles and hair extremes com-
monly associated with a particular 
race or national origin cannot be used 
as proxies for race or national origin 
discrimination. 
Such discrimination should already 
be prohibited by Federal civil rights 
statutes, but unfortunately some Fed-
eral courts have interpreted these stat-
utes so narrowly as to effectively per-
mit using hair discrimination as a 
proxy for race or national origin dis-
crimination. H.R. 5309 corrects this er-
roneous interpretation and further ex-
tends justice and equality for all. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:44 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00048
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K21SE7.075
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 47-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4597 
September 21, 2020 
Mr. Speaker, I just want to put into 
the RECORD the plight of two students 
in the Barbers Hill Independent School 
District in my State where these two 
outstanding students, athletes, good 
academic students, were humiliated be-
cause their tradition was to wear 
dreadlocks, and they were suspended. 
And one or maybe two of them were 
not able to walk with their class. Hu-
miliation. Discrimination that never 
got corrected. So today, for them we 
correct it. DeAndre Arnold, we correct 
it. We acknowledge that you deserve 
your civil rights. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge the House to pass 
H.R. 5309, and I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-
bers may have 5 legislative days to re-
vise and extend their remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-
woman from Texas? 
There was no objection. 
Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of H.R. 5309, the Cre-
ating a Respectful and Open World for 
Natural Hair Act—also known as the 
C.R.O.W.N. Act. 
Too often African Americans are re-
quired to meet unreasonable standards 
of grooming in the workplace and in 
the classroom with respect to our hair. 
Most of those standards are cultural 
norms that coincide with the texture 
and style of Black hair. 
In 2014, my Congressional Black Cau-
cus 
colleagues 
and 
I 
successfully 
pushed the U.S. military to reverse its 
rules classifying hairstyles often worn 
by female soldiers of color as ‘‘unau-
thorized’’. The military’s regulation 
used words like ‘‘unkempt’’ and ‘‘mat-
ted’’ when referring to traditional Afri-
can American hairstyles. 
To require anyone to change their 
natural appearance to further their ca-
reer or education is a clear violation of 
their civil rights. 
A 2019 study by Dove found Black 
women are 30 percent more likely to 
receive a formal grooming policy in the 
workplace. Black women are also 1.5 
times more likely to report being 
forced to leave work or know of a 
Black woman who was forced to leave 
work because of her hair. 
This is unacceptable. 
Seven states agree, including Cali-
fornia, New York, New Jersey, Vir-
ginia, 
Colorado, 
Washington, 
and 
Maryland. All have enacted laws ban-
ning racial hair discrimination. It is 
past time we ban the practice at the 
federal level. 
The CROWN Act does that—by feder-
ally prohibiting discrimination based 
on hair styles and hair textures com-
monly associated with a particular 
race or national origin. 
I was proud to introduce this bill 
with my friend Congressman RICH-
MOND, which ensures African Ameri-
cans no longer have to be afraid to 
show up to work or the classroom as 
anything other than who they are. 
I urge my colleagues to vote in favor 
of the CROWN Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by 
the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. 
JACKSON LEE) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5309, as 
amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as 
amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT 
A message in writing from the Presi-
dent of the United States was commu-
nicated to the House by Ms. Wanda 
Neiman, one of his secretaries. 
f 
b 1600 
ENSURING DIVERSITY IN 
COMMUNITY BANKING ACT OF 2019 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill 
(H.R. 5322) to establish or modify re-
quirements relating to minority depos-
itory institutions, community develop-
ment financial institutions, and impact 
banks, and for other purposes, as 
amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5322 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) SHORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Ensuring Diversity in Community 
Banking Act’’. 
(b) TABLE OF CONTENTS.—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
Sec. 2. Sense of Congress on funding the 
loan-loss reserve fund for small 
dollar loans. 
Sec. 3. Definitions. 
Sec. 4. Inclusion of women’s banks in the 
definition of minority deposi-
tory institution. 
Sec. 5. Establishment of impact bank des-
ignation. 
Sec. 6. Minority Depositories Advisory Com-
mittees. 
Sec. 7. Federal deposits in minority deposi-
tory institutions. 
Sec. 8. Minority Bank Deposit Program. 
Sec. 9. Diversity report and best practices. 
Sec. 10. Investments in minority depository 
institutions and impact banks. 
Sec. 11. Report on covered mentor-protege 
programs. 
Sec. 12. Custodial deposit program for cov-
ered minority depository insti-
tutions and impact banks. 
Sec. 13. Streamlined 
community 
develop-
ment financial institution ap-
plications and reporting. 
Sec. 14. Task force on lending to small busi-
ness concerns. 
Sec. 15. Discretionary surplus funds. 
Sec. 16. Determination of Budgetary Effects. 
SEC. 2. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON FUNDING THE 
LOAN-LOSS 
RESERVE 
FUND 
FOR 
SMALL DOLLAR LOANS. 
The sense of Congress is the following: 
(1) The Community Development Financial 
Institutions Fund (the ‘‘CDFI Fund’’) is an 
agency of the Department of the Treasury, 
and was established by the Riegle Commu-
nity Development and Regulatory Improve-
ment Act of 1994. The mission of the CDFI 
Fund is ‘‘to expand economic opportunity for 
underserved people and communities by sup-
porting the growth and capacity of a na-
tional network of community development 
lenders, investors, and financial service pro-
viders’’. A community development financial 
institution (a ‘‘CDFI’’) is a specialized finan-
cial institution serving low-income commu-
nities and a Community Development Entity 
(a ‘‘CDE’’) is a domestic corporation or part-
nership that is an intermediary vehicle for 
the provision of loans, investments, or finan-
cial counseling in low-income communities. 
The CDFI Fund certifies CDFIs and CDEs. 
Becoming a certified CDFI or CDE allows or-
ganizations to participate in various CDFI 
Fund programs as follows: 
(A) The Bank Enterprise Award Program, 
which provides FDIC-insured depository in-
stitutions awards for a demonstrated in-
crease in lending and investments in dis-
tressed communities and CDFIs. 
(B) The CDFI Program, which provides Fi-
nancial and Technical Assistance awards to 
CDFIs to reinvest in the CDFI, and to build 
the capacity of the CDFI, including financ-
ing product development and loan loss re-
serves. 
(C) The Native American CDFI Assistance 
Program, which provides CDFIs and spon-
soring entities Financial and Technical As-
sistance awards to increase lending and grow 
the number of CDFIs owned by Native Amer-
icans to help build capacity of such CDFIs. 
(D) The New Market Tax Credit Program, 
which provides tax credits for making equity 
investments in CDEs that stimulate capital 
investments in low-income communities. 
(E) The Capital Magnet Fund, which pro-
vides awards to CDFIs and nonprofit afford-
able housing organizations to finance afford-
able housing solutions and related economic 
development activities. 
(F) The Bond Guarantee Program, a source 
of long-term, patient capital for CDFIs to ex-
pand lending and investment capacity for 
community and economic development pur-
poses. 
(2) The Department of the Treasury is au-
thorized to create multi-year grant programs 
designed to encourage low-to-moderate in-
come individuals to establish accounts at 
federally insured banks, and to improve low- 
to-moderate income individuals’ access to 
such accounts on reasonable terms. 
(3) Under this authority, grants to partici-
pants in CDFI Fund programs may be used 
for loan-loss reserves and to establish small- 
dollar loan programs by subsidizing related 
losses. These grants also allow for the pro-
viding recipients with the financial coun-
seling and education necessary to conduct 
transactions and manage their accounts. 
These loans provide low-cost alternatives to 
payday loans and other nontraditional forms 
of financing that often impose excessive in-
terest rates and fees on borrowers, and lead 
millions of Americans to fall into debt traps. 
Small-dollar loans can only be made pursu-
ant to terms, conditions, and practices that 
are reasonable for the individual consumer 
obtaining the loan. 
(4) Program participation is restricted to 
eligible institutions, which are limited to or-
ganizations listed in section 501(c)(3) of the 
Internal Revenue Code and exempt from tax 
under 501(a) of such Code, federally insured 
depository institutions, community develop-
ment financial institutions and State, local, 
or Tribal government entities. 
(5) Since its founding, the CDFI Fund has 
awarded over $3,300,000,000 to CDFIs and 
CDEs, allocated $54,000,000,000 in tax credits, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
07:19 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00049
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K21SE7.076
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 48-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4598 
September 21, 2020 
and $1,510,000,000 in bond guarantees. Accord-
ing to the CDFI Fund, some programs at-
tract as much as $10 in private capital for 
every $1 invested by the CDFI Fund. The Ad-
ministration 
and 
the 
Congress 
should 
prioritize appropriation of funds for the loan 
loss reserve fund and technical assistance 
programs administered by the Community 
Development Financial Institution Fund. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: 
(1) COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT FINANCIAL IN-
STITUTION.—The term ‘‘community develop-
ment financial institution’’ has the meaning 
given under section 103 of the Riegle Commu-
nity Development and Regulatory Improve-
ment Act of 1994 (12 U.S.C. 4702). 
(2) MINORITY DEPOSITORY INSTITUTION.—The 
term ‘‘minority depository institution’’ has 
the meaning given under section 308 of the 
Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery, 
and Enforcement Act of 1989 (12 U.S.C. 1463 
note), as amended by this Act. 
SEC. 4. INCLUSION OF WOMEN’S BANKS IN THE 
DEFINITION OF MINORITY DEPOSI-
TORY INSTITUTION. 
Section 308(b)(1) of the Financial Institu-
tions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement 
Act of 1989 (12 U.S.C. 1463 note) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subparagraphs (A), (B), 
and (C) as clauses (i), (ii), and (iii), respec-
tively; 
(2) by striking ‘‘means any’’ and inserting 
the following: ‘‘means— 
‘‘(A) any’’; and 
(3) in clause (iii) (as so redesignated), by 
striking the period at the end and inserting 
‘‘; or’’; and 
(4) by inserting at the end the following 
new subparagraph: 
‘‘(B) any bank described in clause (i), (ii), 
or (iii) of section 19(b)(1)(A) of the Federal 
Reserve Act— 
‘‘(i) more than 50 percent of the out-
standing shares of which are held by 1 or 
more women; and 
‘‘(ii) the majority of the directors on the 
board of directors of which are women.’’. 
SEC. 5. ESTABLISHMENT OF IMPACT BANK DES-
IGNATION. 
(a) IN
GENERAL.—Each Federal banking 
agency shall establish a program under 
which a depository institution with total 
consolidated assets of less than $10,000,000,000 
may elect to be designated as an impact 
bank if the total dollar value of the loans ex-
tended by such depository institution to low- 
income borrowers is greater than or equal to 
50 percent of the assets of such bank. 
(b) NOTIFICATION OF ELIGIBILITY.—Based on 
data obtained through examinations of de-
pository institutions, the appropriate Fed-
eral banking agency shall notify a deposi-
tory institution if the institution is eligible 
to be designated as an impact bank. 
(c) APPLICATION.—Regardless of whether or 
not it has received a notice of eligibility 
under subsection (b), a depository institution 
may submit an application to the appro-
priate Federal banking agency— 
(1) requesting to be designated as an im-
pact bank; and 
(2) demonstrating that the depository in-
stitution meets the applicable qualifications. 
(d) LIMITATION
ON ADDITIONAL DATA RE-
QUIREMENTS.—The Federal banking agencies 
may only impose additional data collection 
requirements on a depository institution 
under this section if such data is— 
(1) necessary to process an application sub-
mitted by the depository institution to be 
designated an impact bank; or 
(2) with respect to a depository institution 
that is designated as an impact bank, nec-
essary to ensure the depository institution’s 
ongoing qualifications to maintain such des-
ignation. 
(e) REMOVAL
OF DESIGNATION.—If the ap-
propriate Federal banking agency deter-
mines that a depository institution des-
ignated as an impact bank no longer meets 
the criteria for such designation, the appro-
priate Federal banking agency shall rescind 
the designation and notify the depository in-
stitution of such rescission. 
(f) RECONSIDERATION OF DESIGNATION; AP-
PEALS.—Under such procedures as the Fed-
eral banking agencies may establish, a de-
pository institution may— 
(1) submit to the appropriate Federal bank-
ing agency a request to reconsider a deter-
mination that such depository institution no 
longer meets the criteria for the designation; 
or 
(2) file an appeal of such determination. 
(g) RULEMAKING.—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Federal banking agencies shall jointly 
issue rules to carry out the requirements of 
this section, including by providing a defini-
tion of a low-income borrower. 
(h) REPORTS.—Each Federal banking agen-
cy shall submit an annual report to the Con-
gress containing a description of actions 
taken to carry out this section. 
(i) FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE ACT DEFI-
NITIONS.—In this section, the terms ‘‘deposi-
tory 
institution’’, 
‘‘appropriate 
Federal 
banking agency’’, and ‘‘Federal banking 
agency’’ have the meanings given such 
terms, respectively, in section 3 of the Fed-
eral Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813). 
SEC. 
6. 
MINORITY 
DEPOSITORIES 
ADVISORY 
COMMITTEES. 
(a) ESTABLISHMENT.—Each covered regu-
lator shall establish an advisory committee 
to be called the ‘‘Minority Depositories Advi-
sory Committee’’. 
(b) DUTIES.—Each Minority Depositories 
Advisory Committee shall provide advice to 
the respective covered regulator on meeting 
the goals established by section 308 of the Fi-
nancial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and 
Enforcement Act of 1989 (12 U.S.C. 1463 note) 
to preserve the present number of covered 
minority institutions, preserve the minority 
character of minority-owned institutions in 
cases involving mergers or acquisitions, pro-
vide technical assistance, and encourage the 
creation of new covered minority institu-
tions. The scope of the work of each such Mi-
nority 
Depositories 
Advisory 
Committee 
shall include an assessment of the current 
condition of covered minority institutions, 
what regulatory changes or other steps the 
respective agencies may be able to take to 
fulfill the requirements of such section 308, 
and other issues of concern to covered mi-
nority institutions. 
(c) MEMBERSHIP.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—Each Minority Deposi-
tories Advisory Committee shall consist of 
no more than 10 members, who— 
(A) shall serve for one two-year term; 
(B) shall serve as a representative of a de-
pository institution or an insured credit 
union with respect to which the respective 
covered regulator is the covered regulator of 
such depository institution or insured credit 
union; and 
(C) shall not receive pay by reason of their 
service on the advisory committee, but may 
receive travel or transportation expenses in 
accordance with section 5703 of title 5, 
United States Code. 
(2) DIVERSITY.—To the extent practicable, 
each covered regulator shall ensure that the 
members of the Minority Depositories Advi-
sory Committee of such agency reflect the 
diversity of covered minority institutions. 
(d) MEETINGS.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—Each Minority Deposi-
tories Advisory Committee shall meet not 
less frequently than twice each year. 
(2) NOTICE AND INVITATIONS.—Each Minor-
ity Depositories Advisory Committee shall— 
(A) notify the Committee on Financial 
Services of the House of Representatives and 
the Committee on Banking, Housing, and 
Urban Affairs of the Senate in advance of 
each meeting of the Minority Depositories 
Advisory Committee; and 
(B) invite the attendance at each meeting 
of the Minority Depositories Advisory Com-
mittee of— 
(i) one member of the majority party and 
one member of the minority party of the 
Committee on Financial Services of the 
House of Representatives and the Committee 
on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of 
the Senate; and 
(ii) one member of the majority party and 
one member of the minority party of any rel-
evant subcommittees of such committees. 
(e) NO TERMINATION OF ADVISORY COMMIT-
TEES.—The termination requirements under 
section 14 of the Federal Advisory Com-
mittee Act (5 U.S.C. app.) shall not apply to 
a Minority Depositories Advisory Committee 
established pursuant to this section. 
(f) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) COVERED REGULATOR.—The term ‘‘cov-
ered regulator’’ means the Comptroller of 
the Currency, the Board of Governors of the 
Federal Reserve System, the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Corporation, and the National 
Credit Union Administration. 
(2) COVERED
MINORITY
INSTITUTION.—The 
term ‘‘covered minority institution’’ means 
a minority depository institution (as defined 
in section 308(b) of the Financial Institutions 
Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 
1989 (12 U.S.C. 1463 note)). 
(3) 
DEPOSITORY
INSTITUTION.—The 
term 
‘‘depository institution’’ has the meaning 
given under section 3 of the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813). 
(4) INSURED CREDIT UNION.—The term ‘‘in-
sured credit union’’ has the meaning given in 
section 101 of the Federal Credit Union Act 
(12 U.S.C. 1752). 
(g) TECHNICAL AMENDMENT.—Section 308(b) 
of the Financial Institutions Reform, Recov-
ery, and Enforcement Act of 1989 (12 U.S.C. 
1463 note) is amended by adding at the end 
the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(3) DEPOSITORY
INSTITUTION.—The term 
‘depository institution’ means an ‘insured 
depository institution’ (as defined in section 
3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 
U.S.C. 1813)) and an insured credit union (as 
defined in section 101 of the Federal Credit 
Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1752)).’’. 
SEC. 7. FEDERAL DEPOSITS IN MINORITY DEPOS-
ITORY INSTITUTIONS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 308 of the Finan-
cial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and En-
forcement Act of 1989 (12 U.S.C. 1463 note) is 
amended— 
(1) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(d) FEDERAL DEPOSITS.—The Secretary of 
the Treasury shall ensure that deposits made 
by Federal agencies in minority depository 
institutions 
and 
impact 
banks 
are 
collateralized or insured, as determined by 
the Secretary. Such deposits shall include 
reciprocal deposits as defined in section 
337.6(e)(2)(v) of title 12, Code of Federal Reg-
ulations (as in effect on March 6, 2019).’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b), as amended by section 
6(g), by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(4) IMPACT BANK.—The term ‘impact bank’ 
means a depository institution designated by 
the appropriate Federal banking agency pur-
suant to section 5 of the Ensuring Diversity 
in Community Banking Act.’’. 
(b) TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS.—Section 308 
of the Financial Institutions Reform, Recov-
ery, and Enforcement Act of 1989 (12 U.S.C. 
1463 note) is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘section—’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-
tion:’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
07:19 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00050
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A21SE7.026
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 49-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4599 
September 21, 2020 
(2) in the paragraph heading for paragraph 
(1), by striking ‘‘FINANCIAL’’ and inserting 
‘‘DEPOSITORY’’. 
SEC. 8. MINORITY BANK DEPOSIT PROGRAM. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 1204 of the Finan-
cial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and En-
forcement Act of 1989 (12 U.S.C. 1811 note) is 
amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1204. EXPANSION OF USE OF MINORITY DE-
POSITORY INSTITUTIONS. 
‘‘(a) MINORITY BANK DEPOSIT PROGRAM.— 
‘‘(1) ESTABLISHMENT.—There is established 
a program to be known as the ‘Minority 
Bank Deposit Program’ to expand the use of 
minority depository institutions. 
‘‘(2) ADMINISTRATION.—The Secretary of 
the Treasury, acting through the Fiscal 
Service, shall— 
‘‘(A) on application by a depository insti-
tution or credit union, certify whether such 
depository institution or credit union is a 
minority depository institution; 
‘‘(B) maintain and publish a list of all de-
pository institutions and credit unions that 
have been certified pursuant to subparagraph 
(A); and 
‘‘(C) periodically distribute the list de-
scribed in subparagraph (B) to— 
‘‘(i) all Federal departments and agencies; 
‘‘(ii) interested State and local govern-
ments; and 
‘‘(iii) interested private sector companies. 
‘‘(3) INCLUSION
OF
CERTAIN
ENTITIES
ON 
LIST.—A depository institution or credit 
union that, on the date of the enactment of 
this section, has a current certification from 
the Secretary of the Treasury stating that 
such depository institution or credit union is 
a minority depository institution shall be in-
cluded on the list described under paragraph 
(2)(B). 
‘‘(b) EXPANDED USE AMONG FEDERAL DE-
PARTMENTS AND AGENCIES.— 
‘‘(1) IN
GENERAL.—Not later than 1 year 
after the establishment of the program de-
scribed in subsection (a), the head of each 
Federal department or agency shall develop 
and implement standards and procedures to 
prioritize, to the maximum extent possible 
as permitted by law and consistent with 
principles of sound financial management, 
the use of minority depository institutions 
to hold the deposits of each such department 
or agency. 
‘‘(2) REPORT TO CONGRESS.—Not later than 2 
years after the establishment of the program 
described in subsection (a), and annually 
thereafter, the head of each Federal depart-
ment or agency shall submit to Congress a 
report on the actions taken to increase the 
use of minority depository institutions to 
hold the deposits of each such department or 
agency. 
‘‘(c) DEFINITIONS.—For purposes of this sec-
tion: 
‘‘(1) CREDIT UNION.—The term ‘credit union’ 
has the meaning given the term ‘insured 
credit union’ in section 101 of the Federal 
Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1752). 
‘‘(2) DEPOSITORY
INSTITUTION.—The term 
‘depository institution’ has the meaning 
given in section 3 of the Federal Deposit In-
surance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813). 
‘‘(3) MINORITY
DEPOSITORY
INSTITUTION.— 
The term ‘minority depository institution’ 
has the meaning given that term under sec-
tion 308 of this Act.’’. 
(b) CONFORMING
AMENDMENTS.—The fol-
lowing provisions are amended by striking 
‘‘1204(c)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘1204(c)’’: 
(1) Section 808(b)(3) of the Community Re-
investment Act of 1977 (12 U.S.C. 2907(b)(3)). 
(2) Section 40(g)(1)(B) of the Federal De-
posit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1831q(g)(1)(B)). 
(3) Section 704B(h)(4) of the Equal Credit 
Opportunity Act (15 U.S.C. 1691c–2(h)(4)). 
SEC. 9. DIVERSITY REPORT AND BEST PRAC-
TICES. 
(a) ANNUAL REPORT.—Each covered regu-
lator shall submit to Congress an annual re-
port on diversity including the following: 
(1) Data, based on voluntary self-identi-
fication, on the racial, ethnic, and gender 
composition of the examiners of each cov-
ered regulator, disaggregated by length of 
time served as an examiner. 
(2) The status of any examiners of covered 
regulators, based on voluntary self-identi-
fication, as a veteran. 
(3) Whether any covered regulator, as of 
the date on which the report required under 
this section is submitted, has adopted a pol-
icy, plan, or strategy to promote racial, eth-
nic, and gender diversity among examiners 
of the covered regulator. 
(4) Whether any special training is devel-
oped and provided for examiners related spe-
cifically to working with depository institu-
tions and credit unions that serve commu-
nities that are predominantly minorities, 
low income, or rural, and the key focus of 
such training. 
(b) BEST PRACTICES.—Each Office of Minor-
ity and Women Inclusion of a covered regu-
lator shall develop, provide to the head of 
the covered regulator, and make publicly 
available best practices— 
(1) for increasing the diversity of can-
didates applying for examiner positions, in-
cluding through outreach efforts to recruit 
diverse candidate to apply for entry-level ex-
aminer positions; and 
(2) for retaining and providing fair consid-
eration for promotions within the examiner 
staff for purposes of achieving diversity 
among examiners. 
(c) COVERED REGULATOR DEFINED.—In this 
section, the term ‘‘covered regulator’’ means 
the Comptroller of the Currency, the Board 
of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, 
the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, 
and the National Credit Union Administra-
tion. 
SEC. 10. INVESTMENTS IN MINORITY DEPOSI-
TORY INSTITUTIONS AND IMPACT 
BANKS. 
(a) CONTROL
FOR CERTAIN INSTITUTIONS.— 
Section 7(j)(8)(B) of the Federal Deposit In-
surance Act (12 U.S.C. 1817(j)(8)(B)) is amend-
ed to read as follows: 
‘‘(B) ‘control’ means the power, directly or 
indirectly— 
‘‘(i) to direct the management or policies 
of an insured depository institution; or 
‘‘(ii)(I) with respect to an insured deposi-
tory institution, of a person to vote 25 per 
centum or more of any class of voting securi-
ties of such institution; or 
‘‘(II) with respect to an insured depository 
institution that is an impact bank (as des-
ignated pursuant to section 5 of the Ensuring 
Diversity in Community Banking Act) or a 
minority depository institution (as defined 
in section 308(b) of the Financial Institutions 
Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 
1989), of an individual to vote 30 percent or 
more of any class of voting securities of such 
an impact bank or a minority depository in-
stitution.’’. 
(b) RULEMAKING.—The Federal banking 
agencies (as defined in section 3 of the Fed-
eral Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813)) 
shall jointly issue rules for de novo minority 
depository institutions and de novo impact 
banks (as designated pursuant to section 5) 
to allow 3 years to meet the capital require-
ments otherwise applicable to minority de-
pository institutions and impact banks. 
(c) REPORT.—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the 
Federal banking agencies shall jointly sub-
mit to Congress a report on— 
(1) the principal causes for the low number 
of de novo minority depository institutions 
during the 10-year period preceding the date 
of the report; 
(2) the main challenges to the creation of 
de novo minority depository institutions and 
de novo impact banks; and 
(3) regulatory and legislative consider-
ations to promote the establishment of de 
novo minority depository institutions and de 
novo impact banks. 
SEC. 11. REPORT ON COVERED MENTOR-PRO-
TEGE PROGRAMS. 
(a) REPORT.—Not later than 6 months after 
the date of the enactment of this Act and an-
nually thereafter, the Secretary of the 
Treasury shall submit to Congress a report 
on participants in a covered mentor-protege 
program, including— 
(1) an analysis of outcomes of such pro-
gram; 
(2) the number of minority depository in-
stitutions that are eligible to participate in 
such program but do not have large financial 
institution mentors; and 
(3) recommendations for how to match 
such minority depository institutions with 
large financial institution mentors. 
(b) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) COVERED
MENTOR-PROTEGE
PROGRAM.— 
The term ‘‘covered mentor-protege program’’ 
means a mentor-protege program established 
by the Secretary of the Treasury pursuant to 
section 45 of the Small Business Act (15 
U.S.C. 657r). 
(2) 
LARGE
FINANCIAL
INSTITUTION.—The 
term ‘‘large financial institution’’ means 
any entity— 
(A) regulated by the Comptroller of the 
Currency, the Board of Governors of the Fed-
eral Reserve System, the Federal Deposit In-
surance Corporation, or the National Credit 
Union Administration; and 
(B) that has total consolidated assets 
greater than or equal to $50,000,000,000. 
SEC. 12. CUSTODIAL DEPOSIT PROGRAM FOR 
COVERED 
MINORITY 
DEPOSITORY 
INSTITUTIONS AND IMPACT BANKS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary of the Treasury shall issue 
rules establishing a custodial deposit pro-
gram under which a covered bank may re-
ceive deposits from a qualifying account. 
(b) REQUIREMENTS.—In issuing rules under 
subsection (a), the Secretary of the Treasury 
shall— 
(1) consult with the Federal banking agen-
cies; 
(2) ensure each covered bank participating 
in the program established under this sec-
tion— 
(A) has appropriate policies relating to 
management of assets, including measures to 
ensure the safety and soundness of each such 
covered bank; and 
(B) is compliant with applicable law; and 
(3) ensure, to the extent practicable that 
the rules do not conflict with goals described 
in section 308(a) of the Financial Institutions 
Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 
1989 (12 U.S.C. 1463 note). 
(c) LIMITATIONS.— 
(1) DEPOSITS.—With respect to the funds of 
an individual qualifying account, an entity 
may not deposit an amount greater than the 
insured amount in a single covered bank. 
(2) TOTAL DEPOSITS.—The total amount of 
funds deposited in a covered bank under the 
custodial deposit program described under 
this section may not exceed the lesser of— 
(A) 10 percent of the average amount of de-
posits held by such covered bank in the pre-
vious quarter; or 
(B) $100,000,000 (as adjusted for inflation). 
(d) REPORT.—Each quarter, the Secretary 
of the Treasury shall submit to Congress a 
report on the implementation of the program 
established under this section including in-
formation identifying participating covered 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
07:19 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00051
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A21SE7.026
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 50-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4600 
September 21, 2020 
banks and the total amount of deposits re-
ceived by covered banks under the program. 
(e) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) COVERED
BANK.—The term ‘‘covered 
bank’’ means— 
(A) a minority depository institution that 
is well capitalized, as defined by the appro-
priate Federal banking agency; or 
(B) a depository institution designated 
pursuant to section 5 of the Ensuring Diver-
sity in Community Banking Act that is well 
capitalized, as defined by the appropriate 
Federal banking agency. 
(2) INSURED
AMOUNT.—The term ‘‘insured 
amount’’ means the amount that is the 
greater of— 
(A) the standard maximum deposit insur-
ance amount (as defined in section 11(a)(1)(E) 
of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 
U.S.C. 1821(a)(1)(E))); or 
(B) such higher amount negotiated be-
tween the Secretary of the Treasury and the 
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under 
which the Corporation will insure all depos-
its of such higher amount. 
(3) FEDERAL BANKING AGENCIES.—The terms 
‘‘appropriate Federal banking agency’’ and 
‘‘Federal banking agencies’’ have the mean-
ing given those terms, respectively, under 
section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance 
Act. 
(4) QUALIFYING ACCOUNT.—The term ‘‘quali-
fying account’’ means any account estab-
lished in the Department of the Treasury 
that— 
(A) is controlled by the Secretary; and 
(B) is expected to maintain a balance 
greater than $200,000,000 for the following 24- 
month period. 
SEC. 13. STREAMLINED COMMUNITY DEVELOP-
MENT FINANCIAL INSTITUTION AP-
PLICATIONS AND REPORTING. 
(a) 
APPLICATION
PROCESSES.—Not 
later 
than 12 months after the date of the enact-
ment of this Act and with respect to any per-
son having assets under $3,000,000,000 that 
submits an application for deposit insurance 
with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corpora-
tion that could also become a community de-
velopment financial institution, the Federal 
Deposit Insurance Corporation, in consulta-
tion with the Administrator of the Commu-
nity Development Financial Institutions 
Fund, shall— 
(1) develop systems and procedures to 
record necessary information to allow the 
Administrator to conduct preliminary anal-
ysis for such person to also become a com-
munity development financial institution; 
and 
(2) develop procedures to streamline the 
application and annual certification proc-
esses and to reduce costs for such person to 
become, and maintain certification as, a 
community development financial institu-
tion. 
(b) IMPLEMENTATION
REPORT.—Not later 
than 18 months after the date of the enact-
ment of this Act, the Federal Deposit Insur-
ance Corporation shall submit to Congress a 
report describing the systems and procedures 
required under subsection (a). 
(c) ANNUAL REPORT.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—Section 17(a)(1) of the 
Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 
1827(a)(1)) is amended— 
(A) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(B) by redesignating subparagraph (F) as 
subparagraph (G); 
(C) by inserting after subparagraph (E) the 
following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(F) applicants for deposit insurance that 
could also become a community development 
financial institution (as defined in section 
103 of the Riegle Community Development 
and Regulatory Improvement Act of 1994), a 
minority depository institution (as defined 
in section 308 of the Financial Institutions 
Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 
1989), or an impact bank (as designated pur-
suant to section 5 of the Ensuring Diversity 
in Community Banking Act); and’’. 
(2) APPLICATION.—The amendment made by 
this subsection shall apply with respect to 
the first report to be submitted after the 
date that is 2 years after the date of the en-
actment of this Act. 
SEC. 14. TASK FORCE ON LENDING TO SMALL 
BUSINESS CONCERNS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 6 months 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Administrator of the Small Business Ad-
ministration shall establish a task force to 
examine methods for improving relation-
ships between the Small Business Adminis-
tration and community development finan-
cial institutions, minority depository insti-
tutions, and Impact Banks to increase the 
volume of loans provided by such institu-
tions to small business concerns (as defined 
under section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 
U.S.C. 632)). 
(b) REPORT TO CONGRESS.—Not later than 
18 months after the establishment of the 
task force described in subsection (a), the 
Administrator of the Small Business Admin-
istration shall submit to Congress a report 
on the findings of such task force. 
SEC. 15. DISCRETIONARY SURPLUS FUNDS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Subparagraph (A) of sec-
tion 7(a)(3) of the Federal Reserve Act (12 
U.S.C. 289(a)(3)(A)) is amended by reducing 
the dollar figure described in such subpara-
graph by $1,400,000,000. 
(b) 
EFFECTIVE
DATE.—The 
amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall take effect on 
September 30, 2030. 
SEC. 16. DETERMINATION OF BUDGETARY EF-
FECTS. 
The budgetary effects of this Act, for the 
purpose of complying with the Statutory 
Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010, shall be deter-
mined by reference to the latest statement 
titled ‘‘Budgetary Effects of PAYGO Legisla-
tion’’ for this Act, submitted for printing in 
the Congressional Record by the Chairman of 
the House Budget Committee, provided that 
such statement has been submitted prior to 
the vote on passage. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
BEYER). Pursuant to the rule, the gen-
tleman from California (Mr. SHERMAN) 
and the gentleman from South Caro-
lina (Mr. TIMMONS) each will control 20 
minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members 
may have 5 legislative days within 
which to revise and extend their re-
marks on this legislation and to insert 
extraneous material thereon. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-
tleman from California? 
There was no objection. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in strong support of H.R. 5322, 
the Ensuring Diversity in Community 
Banking Act of 2019. I would like to 
thank Mr. MEEKS, the chairman of the 
Consumer Protection and Financial In-
stitutions Subcommittee for his lead-
ership on this important issue. 
For over 22 years I have worked and 
watched Mr. MEEKS as he has devoted 
prodigious quantities of his time and 
his considerable talents to the matters 
of the Financial Services Committee, 
and H.R. 5322 reflects that kind of skill 
and effort. 
The Financial Services Committee 
under the chairmanship of Ms. WATERS 
and Chairman MEEKS
of the sub-
committee have prioritized examining 
the important role of minority deposi-
tory institutions, MDIs, and the role 
they play in our financial system, and 
we have worked on developing policies 
to support their efforts. 
Over the course of a series of hear-
ings in this Congress, the committee 
has engaged with bank and credit 
union CEOs, with consumer groups, 
with experts and regulators all about 
how Congress can help or reverse the 
decline in our Nation’s minority depos-
itory institutions, MDIs, particularly 
Black-owned banks. 
This is important because the data 
shows that MDIs serve the credit needs 
of low-income areas and serve them 
well and that these areas have a high 
percentage of the unbanked and under-
banked. 
Unfortunately, 
these 
institutions 
have shrunk in numbers in recent 
years. The number peaked in 2008 at 215 
MDI banks. Now that number is at just 
143 MDI banks as of the second quarter 
of 2020, representing less than 3 percent 
of all FDIC-insured institutions. 
In 2008 we had 41 Black-owned banks, 
and today we have 18. This calls for 
congressional action. 
Furthermore, during this pandemic, 
low-income and minority communities 
have been hit the hardest. MDIs along 
with community development financial 
institutions, CDFIs, have delivered re-
lief to these low-income communities 
during this pandemic. After Chair-
woman WATERS and the other members 
of this committee fought hard to en-
sure that MDIs and CDFIs could par-
ticipate in the Paycheck Protection 
Program, MDIs and CDFIs were able to 
provide some $16 billion of loans to 
over 220,000 small businesses and mi-
nority-owned 
businesses 
across 
the 
country. 
But Congress must do more to sup-
port these institutions. Toward that 
end, H.R. 5322 provides a series of re-
forms that will preserve, grow, and en-
courage the chartering of new MDIs, as 
well as promote the effective engage-
ment between MDIs and prudential reg-
ulators. 
This bill will encourage investments 
in MDIs, in part by strengthening a mi-
nority bank deposit program so that 
Treasury deposits Federal funds, funds 
which it manages in MDIs, thus pro-
viding MDIs with more funds that they 
can then lend. 
Furthermore, the bill 
encourages 
more partnerships between MDIs and 
large banks through the Department of 
Treasury’s 
mentor-protege 
program, 
which 
should 
promote 
information 
sharing and more investments in MDIs. 
The bill also creates a new category 
of small banks called ‘‘impact banks’’ 
that provide most of their lending to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
07:19 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00052
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A21SE7.026
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 51-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4601 
September 21, 2020 
low-income borrowers and would also 
benefit from some of the bill’s provi-
sions to ensure that we can do all we 
can to support low-income and minor-
ity communities. 
We also appreciate the collaboration 
demonstrated by ranking member of 
the full committee Mr. MCHENRY and 
other committee Republicans, as this 
bill was voted out of the committee in 
December by a unanimous vote of 52–0. 
This bill has broad support, including 
from the National Bankers Associa-
tion, 
the 
Independent 
Community 
Bankers of America, the American 
Bankers Association, the Credit Union 
National Association, and the National 
Association of Federally-Insured Credit 
Unions. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to sup-
port H.R. 5322, and I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. TIMMONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman 
from New York for introducing this 
bill. He has worked in good faith with 
Republican Members over the past year 
to reach a bipartisan solution on this 
important issue. 
The Financial Services Committee 
has held several hearings over the past 
year on the state of minority deposi-
tory institutions, or MDIs, and commu-
nity development financial institu-
tions, or CDFIs. 
Both MDIs and CDFIs provide crit-
ical services and support to their com-
munities. Unfortunately, the number 
of these institutions has been declining 
at an alarming rate. 
Burdensome regulations and a lack of 
access to capital have caused many of 
these MDIs to either consolidate or be 
forced to shut their doors for good. It is 
simply too hard for these smaller insti-
tutions to remain viable in the current 
environment. 
The bill we are considering today 
promotes policies and establishes pro-
grams to support MDIs and CDFIs and 
the customers and communities they 
serve. 
Importantly, the bill seeks to pro-
mote engagement in the Department of 
the Treasury’s mentor-protege pro-
gram to encourage collaboration be-
tween MDIs and institutions that act 
as financial agents for the Federal Gov-
ernment. 
The bill also directs each of the Fed-
eral banking regulators to establish 
MDI advisory councils to ensure MDI 
voices are heard without weakening or 
duplicating current efforts. 
The bill also allows banks to be des-
ignated as an impact bank. This allows 
any bank that serves a majority of low- 
income borrowers to be considered as 
an option to hold government deposits. 
This program will bolster the ability of 
banks to serve their communities. 
Finally, the bill streamlines the ap-
plication reporting requirements to be-
come and remain a CDFI. 
I appreciate the gentleman from New 
York for his willingness to work with 
committee Republicans so that we can 
bring a strong bipartisan bill to the 
floor that supports communities in 
need. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support this bill, and I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
3 minutes to the gentleman from New 
York (Mr. MEEKS), the author of this 
legislation. 
Mr. MEEKS. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman for yielding. Let me just 
say how proud I am that the House is 
taking up my bill today, the Ensuring 
Diversity in Community Banking Act. 
I am especially grateful for the sup-
port from Financial Services Chair-
woman MAXINE WATERS and for her 
guidance and for working with me to 
make sure that we progress and move 
this bill. 
I am likewise eternally grateful to 
Ranking 
Member 
MCHENRY, 
who 
worked with us very closely to make 
sure that this bill had true, strong bi-
partisan support. As a result, it passed 
the House Financial Services Com-
mittee 
unanimously. 
Without 
that 
partnership, this would not have hap-
pened. 
So, I thank both the chair and the 
ranking member, and all the members 
of this committee, for doing this. This 
bill passed in committee unanimously 
and has gained the support of consumer 
advocacy groups, civil rights organiza-
tions, and the financial services indus-
try. We tried to bring everybody to-
gether on this, and we did come up 
with a consensus bill. 
Communities of color have borne a 
disproportionate burden of the COVID 
pandemic, as measured by the infection 
and mortality rates, as well as jobs lost 
and wealth destroyed. This pandemic 
and the economic crisis it triggered 
devastated communities that had yet 
to fully recover from the financial cri-
sis of 2008. 
Minority banks, credit unions, and 
community development financial in-
stitutions have remained the bright 
spot during this pandemic, given their 
focus of providing financial services to 
communities of color and low- and 
moderate-income communities. How-
ever, despite their success serving 
these communities, minority deposi-
tory 
institutions 
have 
been 
dis-
appearing at an alarming rate, leading 
to expanding banking deserts and a 
growing share of the population vulner-
able to payday lenders and other preda-
tory financial institutions. 
To address this, this bill does the fol-
lowing: 
Number one, minority depository in-
stitutions are smaller than their peers, 
pose no credible systemic risk, and 
focus overwhelmingly on underbanked 
communities of color, investing in 
homeownership 
and 
small 
business 
lending, helping to close the wealth 
gap. My bill makes it easier for MDIs 
that are also community development 
organizations to raise capital from pri-
vate investors and directs the Federal 
Government to deposit funds that are 
fully insured with these institutions 
which can on-lend the money in com-
munities that need it. 
Number two, the bill calls on regu-
lators to take greater ownership of 
their own failings in the area of diver-
sity by auditing the diversity of the 
bank examiner corps, publishing the 
data, and considering how their own 
lack of diversity and lack of special 
training harms their effectiveness. 
Number three, the bill establishes a 
new impact bank designation for those 
institutions that lend primarily to low- 
income 
communities 
and 
provides 
these banks access to the deposits pro-
grams established by this bill. 
Number four, the bill also calls on 
the Congress to continue supporting 
the CDFI Fund of the Treasury Depart-
ment. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
an additional 1 minute to the gen-
tleman from New York. 
Mr. MEEKS. Mr. Speaker, the CDFI 
Fund leverages limited government 
funding to crowd-in significant private 
sector capital and foster innovation, 
investments, and market-oriented solu-
tions to tackle some of our Nation’s 
most persistent challenges in poverty 
alleviation. This program has earned 
strong bipartisan support historically 
and proven itself immensely valuable 
during this pandemic. 
Let me also say that what this does 
is it also helps our small businesses in 
the communities and helps create 
wealth in communities where it is not. 
With the homeownership aspect, it en-
courages individuals to buy, to own the 
home and to rent the car because the 
home becomes an appreciating asset 
and the car the depreciating asset. It 
brings us all together so we can enjoy 
what has become the American Dream. 
Let me close by once again thanking 
my colleagues for their bipartisan sup-
port for this important legislation. I 
thank all of my colleagues for working 
together to make this a better place, 
and I urge all of my colleagues to vote 
in support of this bill. 
Mr. TIMMONS. Mr. Speaker, I urge 
my colleagues to support H.R. 5322, and 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
MDIs face several challenges, includ-
ing the ability to raise capital despite 
overall strong financial performance. 
They face challenges experienced as a 
result of servicing communities that 
are often first and hardest hit by eco-
nomic downcycles. This decline is con-
tributing to a growing incidence of 
banking deserts in minority commu-
nities. 
This bill will help turn this dan-
gerous tide so that individuals in more 
ZIP Codes will have access to safe 
banking. 
I again thank Mr. MEEKS for author-
ing this legislation and for all of his 
dedication to the Financial Services 
Committee. I also thank Chairwoman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
07:19 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00053
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K21SE7.079
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 52-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4602 
September 21, 2020 
WATERS
and 
Ranking 
Member 
MCHENRY and the other members of the 
committee. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to sup-
port H.R. 5322, and I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by 
the gentleman from California (Mr. 
SHERMAN) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5322, as 
amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as 
amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
b 1615 
UNIFORM TREATMENT OF NRSROS 
ACT 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill 
(H.R. 6934) to amend the CARES Act to 
require the uniform treatment of na-
tionally recognized statistical rating 
organizations under certain programs 
carried out in response to the COVID– 
19 emergency, and for other purposes, 
as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6934 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Uniform 
Treatment of NRSROs Act’’. 
SEC. 2. UNIFORM TREATMENT OF NRSROS. 
(a) 
IN
GENERAL.—Section 
4003 
of 
the 
CARES Act (15 U.S.C. 9042), as amended by 
section 902, is further amended by adding at 
the end the following: 
‘‘(m) UNIFORM TREATMENT OF NRSROS.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—If, in carrying out this 
section or any other program making use of 
a facility established under section 13(3) of 
the Federal Reserve Act in response to the 
COVID–19 emergency, the Secretary of the 
Treasury or the Board of Governors of the 
Federal Reserve System establishes a re-
quirement for an entity, security, or other 
instrument to carry a minimum credit rat-
ing, the Secretary or the Board of Governors 
shall accept credit ratings provided by any 
nationally recognized statistical rating orga-
nization with respect to such entity, secu-
rity, or other instrument, if the nationally 
recognized statistical rating organization is 
registered with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission to issue credit ratings with re-
spect to the applicable asset class of the en-
tity, security, or other instrument. 
‘‘(2) EXCEPTION.— 
‘‘(A) IN
GENERAL.—The Secretary or the 
Board of Governors may exclude a nationally 
recognized statistical rating organization 
from the application of paragraph (1) if, in 
consultation with the Securities and Ex-
change Commission, the Secretary or Board 
of Governors, as applicable, determines that 
the nationally recognized statistical rating 
organization is unable to provide reliable 
and accurate ratings for a particular asset 
class and that such exclusion is in the public 
interest. 
‘‘(B) REPORT.—If the Secretary or the 
Board of Governors excludes a nationally 
recognized statistical rating organization 
from the application of paragraph (1) pursu-
ant to subparagraph (A), the Secretary or 
Board of Governors, as applicable, shall, as 
soon as practicable after such exclusion, dis-
close to the public the reasoning for such ex-
clusion. 
‘‘(3) NATIONALLY
RECOGNIZED
STATISTICAL 
RATING
ORGANIZATION.—In this subsection, 
the term ‘nationally recognized statistical 
rating organization’ has the meaning given 
that term under section 3 of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c).’’. 
(b) GAO STUDY.— 
(1) STUDY.—The Comptroller General of the 
United States shall carry out a study on— 
(A) the quality of credit ratings across na-
tionally recognized statistical ratings orga-
nizations (as defined under section 3 of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934), including 
during the 2008 economic crisis; 
(B) the effect of competition on the quality 
of credit ratings and on the ability of small- 
and mid-size companies and financial insti-
tutions to access the capital markets; and 
(C) the implementation of the amendment 
made by subsection (a). 
(2) REPORT.—Not later than one year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-
troller General shall issue a report to the 
Congress containing all finding and deter-
minations made in carrying out the study re-
quired under paragraph (1). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from 
California (Mr. SHERMAN) and the gen-
tleman 
from 
South 
Carolina 
(Mr. 
TIMMONS) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members 
have 5 legislative days within which to 
revise and extend their remarks on this 
legislation and to insert extraneous 
material thereon. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-
tleman from California? 
There was no objection. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself as much time as I may con-
sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
6934, 
the 
Uniform 
Treatment 
of 
NRSROs, which is sponsored by Con-
gresswoman DEAN from Pennsylvania. 
This important legislation from Con-
gresswoman DEAN
will ensure that 
qualified issuers have fair access to 
lending facilities, and it will ensure 
that these facilities are granted on 
clear terms. 
This is not a time where agencies 
such as the Federal Reserve should just 
make it up as they go along, especially 
when these policies disproportionately 
harm small and mid-sized companies. 
Thus, my colleague, Ms. DEAN, intro-
duced, and I was pleased to cosponsor, 
legislation to provide clarity in the 
lending process by ensuring that na-
tionally recognized statistical rating 
organizations, 
also 
referred 
to 
as 
NRSROs, are treated uniformly. 
More specifically, the Federal Re-
serve and Treasury often require a 
credit rating to apply for participation 
in a lending facility. When there is 
such a requirement, the Federal Re-
serve has, at times, required that the 
rating be issued by a specific credit 
rating agency or has required that the 
rating be from a specific category of 
NRSROs, such as the so-called major 
NRSROs. 
Often, these categories are self-cre-
ated by the Federal Reserve and have 
been undefined and unclear to issuers. 
These requirements act as an obstacle 
between issuers and these lending fa-
cilities. This clearly was not Congress’ 
intent, as it goes against Dodd-Frank, 
which mandates that we foster com-
petition among NRSROs rather than 
trying to make sure that companies 
rely only on an oligarchy of three 
NRSROs. 
As chair of the Subcommittee on In-
vestor Protection, Entrepreneurship, 
and Capital Markets, I am quite famil-
iar with the work that has been done in 
the last decade to end overreliance on 
the big three credit agencies, which led 
us into the 2008 crisis. It is those big 
three that gave AAA ratings to Alt-A 
lendings, which I believe is what 
caused the 2008 crisis. 
Decisions by the Fed and Treasury 
with respect to many lending facilities 
have threatened to undo our work to 
try to diversify the availability of dif-
ferent NRSROs. 
H.R. 6934, which is limited to facili-
ties which have been stood up in re-
sponse to the COVID–19 pandemic, will 
set clear credit rating standards for 
both the Federal Reserve and its 
issuers. It also clarifies Congress’ in-
tent and will ensure that its legislative 
objectives are carried out at the agen-
cy level. 
Most importantly, however, the leg-
islation will result in more issuers hav-
ing access to these lending facilities, 
an important objective during this pan-
demic and economic downturn, while it 
will still ensure that there are stand-
ards in effect that will adequately pro-
tect the facility and the interests of 
the taxpayer. 
Mr. Speaker, I greatly appreciate 
Congresswoman DEAN’s leadership in 
bringing forth this important legisla-
tion, and I reserve the balance of my 
time. 
Mr. TIMMONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank 
the gentlewoman from Pennsylvania 
(Ms. DEAN) for introducing this bipar-
tisan bill. 
Since the early days of the pandemic, 
the Federal Reserve has acted swiftly 
to ensure liquidity is available to com-
panies of all sizes across the country. 
The emergency facilities support busi-
nesses and, in turn, their workers and 
customers. 
The 
committee 
has 
continually 
called for a broad-based approach to 
aid our businesses and communities 
throughout this economic crisis. H.R. 
6934 simply encourages the Federal Re-
serve to include companies that have 
credit ratings from all SEC-registered 
and supervised NRSROs as participants 
in its emergency facilities. 
Though the Federal Reserve revised 
some of the requirements for compa-
nies with credit ratings from smaller 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
07:19 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00054
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K21SE7.081
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 53-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4603 
September 21, 2020 
NRSROs, there are still companies left 
on the sidelines. This bill will ensure 
small and mid-sized businesses have ac-
cess to the facilities that provide nec-
essary support. 
An open and transparent process is 
essential to the success of the emer-
gency facilities. This bill supports that 
process. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support the bill, and I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
3 minutes to the gentlewoman from 
Pennsylvania (Ms. DEAN), the author of 
this legislation. 
Ms. DEAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank my 
colleague and friend and chair for 
yielding, and I thank my colleague on 
the other side of the aisle for his sup-
port for this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
6934, 
the 
Uniform 
Treatment 
of 
NRSROs Act. 
NRSROs are nationally recognized 
statistical rating agencies. This is a bi-
partisan bill that addresses businesses’ 
need for greater access to Federal lend-
ing facilities in the time of COVID and 
a uniform treatment of credit rating 
agencies in the application process for 
these much-needed loans. 
In response to the economic crisis re-
sulting from the COVID–19 pandemic, 
several lending facilities have been cre-
ated to assist struggling businesses at 
this difficult time. The Federal Re-
serve and Treasury, however, have lim-
ited access to these facilities to busi-
nesses whose assets have been rated by 
only a select few credit rating agen-
cies, making it unnecessarily difficult 
for many businesses to access much- 
needed resources. 
In Pennsylvania alone, several small 
and mid-sized companies as well as mu-
nicipal bond issuers have been excluded 
from the facilities or have their ratings 
from 
nonapproved 
rating 
agencies 
called into question by the market. 
This legislation seeks to remove 
these barriers by amending the CARES 
Act to require that the Federal Reserve 
and Treasury accept ratings from any 
nationally recognized statistical rating 
organization, or NRSRO. This would 
have the effect of opening up access to 
the facilities to issuers with a rating 
from any duly recognized NRSRO that 
has been approved in the relevant asset 
class by the SEC. 
This legislation would also require 
the Comptroller General to issue, with-
in 1 year of enactment, a study on the 
quality of credit rating agencies across 
NRSROs, including during the 2008 cri-
sis. The study would also explore the 
effect of competition on the quality of 
credit ratings and on the ability of 
small and mid-sized companies and fi-
nancial institutions to access the cap-
ital markets. 
At a time of unprecedented economic 
uncertainty, we need to make sure that 
small and mid-sized businesses have ac-
cess to capital markets needed to sur-
vive and recover. By expanding eligible 
NRSROs, this legislation opens up ac-
cess, transparency, and healthy com-
petition, without compromising qual-
ity, at a time when it is needed most. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairwoman 
WATERS, the Financial Services Com-
mittee staff, and, importantly, my Re-
publican colead, Representative ANDY 
BARR, for their work on this legislation 
to help struggling businesses get the 
capital they need. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support this legislation. 
Mr. TIMMONS. Mr. Speaker, I am 
prepared to close. 
I would simply urge my colleagues to 
support H.R. 6934, and I yield back the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, I again would like to 
thank my colleague from Pennsylvania 
(Ms. DEAN) for introducing, supporting, 
and, in effect, passing this legislation 
here today. It will help qualified 
issuers have access to lending facili-
ties; it will ensure that that access to 
facilities is granted on terms that are 
clear; and it will ensure that Congress’ 
legislative intent is carried out and is 
consistent with the policy of Congress 
that we have focused on in the Investor 
Protection, Entrepreneurship, and Cap-
ital Markets Subcommittee to make 
sure that we are not overly reliant on 
just three credit rating agencies. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by 
the gentleman from California (Mr. 
SHERMAN) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6934, as 
amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as 
amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
STOPPING TRAFFICKING, ILLICIT 
FLOWS, LAUNDERING, AND EX-
PLOITATION ACT OF 2020 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill 
(H.R. 7592) to require the Comptroller 
General of the United States to carry 
out a study on trafficking, and for 
other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 7592 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Stopping 
Trafficking, Illicit Flows, Laundering, and 
Exploitation Act of 2020’’ or the ‘‘STIFLE 
Act of 2020’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
The Congress finds the following: 
(1) 
Trafficking 
is 
a 
national-security 
threat and an economic drain of our re-
sources. 
(2) As the U.S. Department of the Treas-
ury’s recently released ‘‘2020 National Strat-
egy for Combating Terrorist and Other Illicit 
Financing’’ concludes, ‘‘While money laun-
dering, terrorism financing, and WMD pro-
liferation financing differ qualitatively and 
quantitatively, the illicit actors engaging in 
these 
activities 
can 
exploit 
the 
same 
vulnerabilities and financial channels.’’. 
(3) Among those are bad actors engaged in 
trafficking, whether they trade in drugs, 
arms, cultural property, wildlife, natural re-
sources, counterfeit goods, organs, or, even, 
other humans. 
(4) Their illegal (or ‘‘dark’’) markets use 
similar and sometimes related or overlap-
ping methods and means to acquire, move, 
and profit from their crimes. 
(5) In a March 2017, report from Global Fi-
nancial Integrity, ‘‘Transnational Crime and 
the Developing World’’, the global business 
of transnational crime was valued at $1.6 
trillion to $2.2 trillion annually, resulting in 
crime, violence, terrorism, instability, cor-
ruption, and lost tax revenues worldwide. 
SEC. 3. GAO STUDY. 
(a) STUDY.—The Comptroller General of 
the United States shall carry out a study 
on— 
(1) the major trafficking routes used by 
transnational criminal organizations, terror-
ists, and others, and to what extent the traf-
ficking routes for people (including chil-
dren), drugs, weapons, cash, child sexual ex-
ploitation materials, or other illicit goods 
are similar, related, or cooperative; 
(2) commonly used methods to launder and 
move the proceeds of trafficking; 
(3) the types of suspicious financial activ-
ity that are associated with illicit traf-
ficking networks, and how financial institu-
tions identify and report such activity; 
(4) the nexus between the identities and fi-
nances of trafficked persons and fraud; 
(5) the tools, guidance, training, partner-
ships, supervision, or other mechanisms that 
Federal agencies, including the Department 
of the Treasury’s Financial Crimes Enforce-
ment Network, the Federal financial regu-
lators, and law enforcement, provide to help 
financial institutions identify techniques 
and patterns of transactions that may in-
volve the proceeds of trafficking; 
(6) what steps financial institutions are 
taking to detect and prevent bad actors who 
are laundering the proceeds of illicit traf-
ficking, including data analysis, policies, 
training procedures, rules, and guidance; 
(7) what role gatekeepers, such as lawyers, 
notaries, accountants, investment advisors, 
logistics agents, and trust and company 
service providers, play in facilitating traf-
ficking networks and the laundering of il-
licit proceeds; and 
(8) the role that emerging technologies, in-
cluding artificial intelligence, digital iden-
tity technologies, blockchain technologies, 
virtual assets, and related exchanges and on-
line marketplaces, and other innovative 
technologies, can play in both assisting with 
and potentially enabling the laundering of 
proceeds from trafficking. 
(b) CONSULTATION.—In carrying out the 
study required under subsection (a), the 
Comptroller General shall solicit feedback 
and perspectives to the extent practicable 
from survivor and victim advocacy organiza-
tions, law enforcement, research organiza-
tions, private-sector organizations (includ-
ing financial institutions and data and tech-
nology companies), and any other organiza-
tion or entity that the Comptroller General 
determines appropriate. 
(c) 
REPORT.—The 
Comptroller 
General 
shall issue one or more reports to the Con-
gress containing the results of the study re-
quired under subsection (a). The first report 
shall be issued not later than the end of the 
15-month period beginning on the date of the 
enactment of this Act. The reports shall con-
tain— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
07:19 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00055
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K21SE7.084
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 54-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4604 
September 21, 2020 
(1) all findings and determinations made in 
carrying out the study required under sub-
section (a); and 
(2) recommendations for any legislative or 
regulatory changes necessary to combat 
trafficking or the laundering of proceeds 
from trafficking. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from 
California (Mr. SHERMAN) and the gen-
tleman 
from 
South 
Carolina 
(Mr. 
TIMMONS) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members 
may have 5 legislative days within 
which to revise and extend their re-
marks on this legislation and insert ex-
traneous material thereon. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-
tleman from California? 
There was no objection. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself as much time as I may con-
sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support 
of H.R. 7592, the Stopping Trafficking, 
Illicit Flows, Laundering, and Exploi-
tation Act of 2020, the STIFLE Act, in-
troduced by Representatives MCADAMS 
and GONZALEZ. 
This bill would commission the Gov-
ernment Accountability Office to study 
and analyze the converging attributes 
of transnational trafficking networks. 
These shared or overlapping character-
istics and methods, such as supply 
chains, facilitators, or gatekeepers, 
and the movement of finances make it 
possible for traffickers in a host of dif-
ferent areas to move their illicit pro-
ceeds and evade detection. 
By better understanding the ‘‘busi-
ness models’’ that underlie these net-
works, we can better combat their ter-
rible acts in a host of different areas, 
ranging from selling illicit drugs to 
trafficking in modern slavery. We have 
focused on illicit trafficking—human 
trafficking, 
drug 
trafficking, 
et 
cetera—in the Foreign Affairs Com-
mittee. 
Mr. Speaker, I commend the mem-
bers of the Financial Services Com-
mittee for focusing on this issue, since 
the linchpin, the Achilles heel, of many 
of these trafficking networks is their 
financial movements, their access to 
the financial system, and this may be 
the way to accomplish an awful lot to 
stop this illicit trafficking. 
The STIFLE Act is part of the House 
Financial Services Committee’s bipar-
tisan Counter-Trafficking Initiative, 
introduced in March to address this 
pervasive issue that is a threat to all of 
our constituents and communities. 
Human trafficking, drug trafficking, 
wildlife trafficking, and the prolifera-
tion of weapons of mass destruction are 
just a few examples of the illicit mar-
kets that generate an estimated $2.2 
trillion, annually. The resulting pro-
ceeds and instability benefit bad ac-
tors, while threatening the environ-
ment, civil society, individuals on our 
streets, our economy, our national se-
curity, and, of course, the human 
rights of so many thousands of people 
who are trafficked around the world. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. MCADAMS 
and Mr. GONZALEZ for introducing this 
bill to help identify concrete opportu-
nities for action to combat these crimi-
nals and terrorists who engage in this 
illicit trade by focusing on our finan-
cial system. For these reasons, I urge 
my colleagues to support H.R. 7592. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
b 1630 
Mr. TIMMONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
7592, the STIFLE Act of 2020. 
Mr. Speaker, in March of 2020, the Fi-
nancial Services Committee launched 
its bipartisan Counter-Trafficking Ini-
tiative to explore and expose the 
breadth of transnational trafficking 
networks and their illicit financial sys-
tems. 
As we learned during our additional 
counter-trafficking 
hearing, 
transnational criminal organizations 
rarely limit their trafficking to one 
sector. Often, these criminals will ac-
quire and traffic anything that will 
bring them a profit. Needless to say, 
these criminals have been successful in 
their efforts. 
Global Financial Integrity, an NGO 
that studies illicit financial flows, esti-
mates that the global business of 
transnational crime is valued between 
$1.6 trillion to $2.2 trillion annually. To 
be frank, Mr. Speaker, we have a lot of 
work to do. 
Following 
our 
counter-trafficking 
hearing this Congress, Mr. MCADAMS 
and Mr. GONZALEZ worked diligently 
and across party lines to craft a 
thoughtful piece of legislation to help 
to answer some of the outstanding 
questions trafficking experts brought 
before the committee in March. 
H.R. 7592 instructs the Comptroller 
General to carry out a detailed study 
on trafficking issues. This would range 
from the major routes trafficking net-
works use, how these criminals launder 
and move the proceeds of their crimes, 
suspicious activity that law enforce-
ment can focus on when investigating 
these crimes, and the steps financial 
institutions are taking to detect and 
prevent bad actors who are laundering 
the proceeds of trafficking. 
H.R. 7592 is exactly the type of bill 
we as policymakers need, to learn how 
these illicit activities are being carried 
out and what we must do to make it as 
hard as possible for these criminals to 
succeed. 
I would like to thank both Congress-
man MCADAMS as well as Congressman 
GONZALEZ for taking the Counter-Traf-
ficking Initiative seriously and coming 
away from our initial hearing with an 
understanding that there is more work 
that needs to be done to deal with il-
licit trafficking. 
I look forward to working with both 
of them as we continue in our efforts to 
end trafficking once and for all. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bill, and I reserve the balance of my 
time. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
3 minutes to the gentleman from Utah 
(Mr. MCADAMS). 
Mr. MCADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
support of the Stopping Trafficking, Il-
licit Flows, Laundering and Exploi-
tation Act of 2020, or the STIFLE Act 
of 2020, bipartisan legislation that I in-
troduced 
with 
my 
colleague, 
Rep-
resentative ANTHONY GONZALEZ, from 
Ohio. 
Trafficking is a scourge on society, 
leaving millions of victims in its wake. 
Recent reports show that the global 
business of transnational crime is val-
ued at between $1.6 to $2.2 trillion an-
nually, resulting in crime, violence, 
terrorism, corruption, and human suf-
fering. 
Illicit actors engaged in trafficking— 
whether in drugs, arms, wildlife, or-
gans, or humans—use dark markets to 
finance and hide their horrific activi-
ties and their profits. We need to iden-
tify, disrupt, and prosecute these finan-
cial networks to stop these abhorrent 
crimes. And that is what the STIFLE 
Act does. 
The STIFLE Act activates tools, 
partnerships, and guidance of a number 
of Federal agencies to help financial 
institutions identify techniques and 
patterns of transactions that may in-
volve the proceeds of trafficking. 
The legislation requires a report to 
Congress with recommended actions 
necessary to combat trafficking or 
money laundering of the proceeds. 
We must attack trafficking networks 
from all sides, using any effective ap-
proach. Targeting the finances of these 
networks is a key way that we can 
crack down on these illicit activities. 
The STIFLE Act is just one compo-
nent of the bipartisan Counter-Traf-
ficking Initiative that the Financial 
Services Committee launched earlier 
this year. The long-term committee ef-
fort is designed to explore and expose 
the breadth and reach of international 
transnational trafficking networks and 
their illicit finances. 
I thank Chairwoman WATERS
and 
Ranking Member MCHENRY for focus-
ing our committee on this important 
work. 
Mr. Speaker, we must do more to 
protect innocent victims of trafficking 
and take down the trafficking net-
works that prey upon our most vulner-
able. This bipartisan bill is a step in 
that direction. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support this important legislation. 
Mr. TIMMONS. Mr. Speaker, I simply 
urge my colleagues to support H.R. 
7592, and I yield back the balance of my 
time. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
Mr. 
Speaker, 
in 
closing, 
under-
standing the business of trafficking— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
07:19 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00056
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A21SE7.029
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 55-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4605 
September 21, 2020 
whether it be illicit drugs, whether it 
be human trafficking, whether it be 
terrorism, et cetera—is fundamental to 
stopping transnational crime, and the 
harm that it causes and the victims it 
creates in communities worldwide. 
The House Financial Services Com-
mittee’s 
bipartisan 
Counter-Traf-
ficking Initiative is a comprehensive 
approach to this challenge and is a 
very important adjunct to the Foreign 
Affairs Committee’s work to stop il-
licit trafficking, particularly human 
trafficking. 
We need to examine these illicit net-
works as a whole, whether they engage 
in narcotics, timber, endangered spe-
cies, rare earths, or, tragically, human 
trafficking of men and women—modern 
slavery. 
So I look forward to all of the com-
mittees of this Congress focusing on 
these criminal traffickers. H.R. 7592, 
the STIFLE Act, is a significant piece 
of that effort, tapping into the knowl-
edge from survivor and victim advo-
cacy organizations, law enforcement, 
regulators, research organizations, and 
the private sector to be able to focus 
on the financial system and make sure 
that we keep these traffickers at bay 
and out of the financial system as 
much as possible. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support this legislation which is an im-
portant step to protecting our citizens, 
our economy, and our national secu-
rity. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by 
the gentleman from California (Mr. 
SHERMAN) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 7592. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was 
passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
COVID–19 FRAUD PREVENTION ACT 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill 
(H.R. 6735) to establish the Consumer 
and Investor Fraud Working Group to 
help protect consumers and investors 
from fraud during the COVID–19 pan-
demic, to assist consumers and inves-
tors affected by such fraud, and for 
other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6735 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘COVID–19 
Fraud Prevention Act’’. 
SEC. 2. CONSUMER AND INVESTOR FRAUD WORK-
ING GROUP. 
(a) ESTABLISHMENT.—Not later than the 
end of the 30-day period beginning on the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Director 
of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protec-
tion and the Securities and Exchange Com-
mission shall, jointly, establish a working 
group to be known as the ‘‘Consumer and In-
vestor Fraud Working Group’’ (the ‘‘Working 
Group’’). 
(b) DUTIES.—The Working Group shall fa-
cilitate collaboration between the Bureau of 
Consumer Financial Protection and the Se-
curities and Exchange Commission on— 
(1) providing resources to consumers and 
investors to avoid fraud during the COVID–19 
pandemic; 
(2) providing resources, including informa-
tion on the availability of legal aid re-
sources, to consumers and investors who 
have been adversely impacted by such fraud; 
and 
(3) such other topics as the Working Group 
determines appropriate. 
(c) COORDINATION WITH OTHER AGENCIES.— 
In carrying out the duties described under 
subsection (b), the Working Group shall co-
ordinate and collaborate with other Federal 
and State government agencies, as appro-
priate. 
(d) 
QUARTERLY
REPORT.—The 
Working 
Group shall issue a quarterly report to the 
Committee on Financial Services of the 
House of Representatives and the Committee 
on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of 
the Senate on the progress of the Working 
Group and summarizing— 
(1) the resources made publicly available 
to consumers by the Working Group; 
(2) any public enforcement action taken 
jointly or individually by any member of the 
Working Group; 
(3) the number and description of consumer 
complaints received by the Bureau of Con-
sumer Financial Protection and the Securi-
ties and Exchange Commission regarding 
fraud related to the COVID–19 pandemic; and 
(4) any other actions of the Working 
Group. 
(e) SUNSET.—This section shall cease to 
have any force or effect on and after Decem-
ber 31, 2021. 
SEC. 3. DETERMINATION OF BUDGETARY EF-
FECTS. 
The budgetary effects of this Act, for the 
purpose of complying with the Statutory 
Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010, shall be deter-
mined by reference to the latest statement 
titled ‘‘Budgetary Effects of PAYGO Legisla-
tion’’ for this Act, submitted for printing in 
the Congressional Record by the Chairman of 
the House Budget Committee, provided that 
such statement has been submitted prior to 
the vote on passage. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from 
California (Mr. SHERMAN) and the gen-
tleman 
from 
South 
Carolina 
(Mr. 
TIMMONS) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members 
have 5 legislative days within which to 
revise and extend their remarks on this 
legislation and insert extraneous mate-
rial thereon. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-
tleman from California? 
There was no objection. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise to commend the 
gentleman from Utah on the passage of 
his bill, and I rise to support H.R. 6735, 
the COVID–19 Fraud Prevention Act, 
which is authored and put forward by 
Congresswoman CINDY AXNE. 
I support this legislation and I thank 
my colleague from Iowa for her leader-
ship in bringing it forward. Congress-
woman AXNE’s legislation will mark a 
major step in improving efforts to pro-
tect consumers and investors alike by 
requiring the Consumer Financial Pro-
tection Bureau, the CFPB, and the Se-
curities and Exchange Commission, the 
SEC, to establish a joint working group 
with the purpose of addressing and pre-
venting predatory and deceptive finan-
cial practices during this COVID–19 cri-
sis. 
Under this bill, this joint CFPB-SEC 
working group will be required to con-
sult and collaborate with other Federal 
and State agencies, where appropriate, 
to ensure fraud does not slip through 
the cracks during this COVID–19 pan-
demic and appropriately report their 
efforts to Congress. 
As we know, unfortunately, in times 
of uncertainty like the one we face 
today, predatory actors can and have 
sought to take advantage of confusion 
and financial vulnerability, and to take 
advantage even of desperation from 
struggling consumers and struggling 
homeowners who need help. These ac-
tors cause even further damage to com-
munities that are already hit by the 
crisis of the pandemic and the eco-
nomic downturn. 
The 2008 crisis is an example of how 
much financial devastation that preda-
tory and deceitful actors can wreak on 
our communities, especially when Fed-
eral regulators don’t have the tools to 
cooperate and put a stop to it. Families 
that are still impacted by that phase of 
unchecked, toxic lending now have yet 
another crisis to contend to as we must 
deal with the COVID crisis. 
As chair of the Subcommittee on In-
vestor Protection, Entrepreneurship, 
and Capital Markets, I note that inves-
tors, too, are at risk of being defrauded 
and mislead by fraudulent investment 
schemes. 
As during other times of crises, in-
vestors are at risk of being defrauded 
and mislead by so-called investment 
opportunities claiming to have some 
novel information, cures, or vaccines, 
but are really part of a pump-and-dump 
scheme where fraudsters intentionally 
use false and misleading information 
to boost the price of a stock or other 
investment and then sell the shares 
when the stock rises but before the ma-
nipulation is detected. 
Congresswoman 
AXNE’s 
legislation 
will help ensure that the CFPB and the 
SEC, as well as other Federal and State 
agencies they work with, will work col-
laboratively to identify problematic 
patterns and work to prevent future 
schemes where consumers and inves-
tors get ripped off. 
I commend Mrs. AXNE for her work in 
drafting this legislation, and if I may 
be a little premature, I also commend 
the gentlewoman on getting this legis-
lation passed through the House today. 
I urge Members to support this legis-
lation, and I reserve the balance of my 
time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
07:19 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00057
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K21SE7.089
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 56-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4606 
September 21, 2020 
Mr. TIMMONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentle-
woman from Iowa for introducing this 
bill. 
At the beginning of the pandemic I 
was concerned about COVID–19-related 
fraudulent schemes, particularly those 
targeting seniors who have been dis-
proportionately impacted by the virus. 
The Federal regulators tasked with 
weeding out fraud and providing re-
sources for consumers impacted by 
scams—the CFPB, SEC, and FTC—have 
been particularly supportive of con-
sumers during this time. 
To further support this coordinated 
effort, H.R. 6735 establishes the Con-
sumer and Investor Fraud Working 
Group, which will include representa-
tives from the CFPB and SEC, among 
others. 
The working group will work to pro-
vide resources to consumers and inves-
tors to avoid fraud during the COVID– 
19 pandemic and to those who have 
been impacted by these types of scams. 
In addition, the working group is re-
quired to produce a quarterly report to 
the House Financial Services Com-
mittee 
and 
Senate 
Committee 
on 
Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs so 
that Congress can monitor its actions 
and resources made available to the 
public. 
Finally, the bill will ensure robust 
government coordination to protect 
consumers 
and 
investors 
from 
fraudsters looking to take advantage of 
the crisis. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support this bill, and I yield back the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman 
from South Carolina for his work on all 
of these bills and his work here today. 
In closing, Congress must do more to 
ensure that communities are protected 
from 
deceitful 
actors 
during 
the 
COVID–19 period. As we have seen in 
our immediate past, bad actors often 
try to take advantage of people in cri-
sis and the consequences can be signifi-
cant unless the Federal Government, 
working with the States, actively mon-
itors and prevents such deceitful prac-
tices. 
H.R. 6735 will encourage key regu-
lators to share information and work 
together to identify scams while keep-
ing Congress informed as to how these 
agencies are addressing fraud during 
the pandemic. 
This bill has the support of consumer 
and investor advocate organizations in-
cluding: Americans for Financial Re-
form, Center for Responsible Lending, 
Consumer Federation of America, Na-
tional Consumer Law Center, and Pub-
lic Citizen. 
I would like to thank the author of 
this bill, Representative AXNE, for her 
efforts. I urge all Members to support 
H.R. 6735, and I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
b 1645 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by 
the gentleman from California (Mr. 
SHERMAN) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6735, as 
amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as 
amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
PROMOTING SECURE 5G ACT OF 
2020 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill 
(H.R. 5698) to direct the Secretary of 
the Treasury to instruct the United 
States Executive Directors at the 
international financial institutions on 
United States policy regarding inter-
national financial institution assist-
ance with respect to advanced wireless 
technologies. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5698 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Promoting 
Secure 5G Act of 2020’’. 
SEC. 2. UNITED STATES POLICY REGARDING 
INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL INSTI-
TUTION ASSISTANCE WITH RESPECT 
TO 
ADVANCED 
WIRELESS 
TECH-
NOLOGIES. 
(a) IN
GENERAL.—The Secretary of the 
Treasury (in this section referred to as the 
‘‘Secretary’’) 
shall 
instruct 
the 
United 
States Executive Director at each inter-
national financial institution (as defined in 
section 1701(c)(2) of the International Finan-
cial Institutions Act) that it is the policy of 
the United States to— 
(1) support assistance by the institution 
with respect to advanced wireless tech-
nologies (such as 5th generation wireless 
technology for digital cellular networks and 
related technologies) only if the technologies 
provide appropriate security for users; 
(2) proactively encourage assistance with 
respect to infrastructure or policy reforms 
that facilitate the use of secure advanced 
wireless technologies; and 
(3) cooperate, to the maximum extent 
practicable, with member states of the insti-
tution, particularly with United States allies 
and partners, in order to strengthen inter-
national support for such technologies. 
(b) WAIVER
AUTHORITY.—The Secretary 
may waive subsection (a) on a case-by-case 
basis, on reporting to the Committee on Fi-
nancial Services of the House of Representa-
tives and the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions of the Senate that the waiver— 
(1) will allow the United States to effec-
tively promote the objectives of the policy 
described in subsection (a); or 
(2) is in the national interest of the United 
States, with an explanation of the reasons 
therefor. 
(c) PROGRESS REPORT.—The Chairman of 
the National Advisory Council on Inter-
national Monetary and Financial Policies 
shall include in the annual report required 
by section 1701 of the International Finan-
cial 
Institutions 
Act 
a 
description 
of 
progress made toward advancing the policy 
described in subsection (a) of this section. 
(d) SUNSET.—The preceding provisions of 
this section shall have no force or effect 
after the earlier of— 
(1) the date that is 7 years after the date of 
the enactment of this Act; or 
(2) the date that the Secretary reports to 
the committees specified in subsection (b) 
that terminating the effectiveness of the 
provisions is important to the national in-
terest of the United States, with a detailed 
explanation of the reasons therefor. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from 
California (Mr. SHERMAN) and the gen-
tleman 
from 
South 
Carolina 
(Mr. 
TIMMONS) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members 
may have 5 legislative days within 
which to revise and extend their re-
marks and to insert extraneous mate-
rials thereon. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-
tleman from California? 
There was no objection. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
5698, the Promoting Secure 5G Act of 
2020, which establishes that at the 
international 
financial 
institutions, 
known as IFIs, such as the World Bank, 
it will be U.S. policy that supports the 
financing for advanced wireless com-
munication 
technologies, 
including 
next-generation 5G networks only if 
the technologies to be financed provide 
adequate security for users. 
Cybersecurity has been an important 
concern of this House, and it is an im-
portant concern of this country. We see 
that in the recent action taken with 
regard to TikTok, we see that in the 
steps that this House is taking with re-
gard to cybersecurity, and it makes 
sense that our voice and vote at the 
international financial institutions be 
used to ensure that the world moves 
forward with secure 5G networks. 
This legislation establishes a U.S. po-
sition at the IFIs in support of infra-
structure or policy reforms that facili-
tate the use of secure advanced wire-
less technologies, and it encourages 
U.S. cooperation with our allies and 
partners to strengthen international 
support for such secure technologies. 
I support this legislation because I 
think it reflects a good policy goal and 
a good example of how central inter-
national cooperation is for our own 
economic and national security goals. 
This legislation seeks to use our 
voice at the IFIs to counter China’s ef-
forts to expands its 5G influence inter-
nationally and to expand the use of 
Chinese technology with back doors 
and other devices that can be used by 
the Chinese Communist Party. This is 
especially important with regard to de-
veloping countries. By placing an im-
portant strategic U.S. policy goal with-
in the system of the international fi-
nancial institutions, this legislation 
recognizes that sustained international 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
07:19 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00058
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K21SE7.091
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 57-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4607 
September 21, 2020 
cooperation is important for advancing 
a range of U.S. economic security and 
foreign policy interest, and I welcome 
that recognition. 
5G is the next generation of wireless 
communications networks. It may very 
well be the most extraordinary remak-
ing of the system, controls, and use of 
the airwaves that make up today’s 
internet since the internet first came 
into existence. 5G networks, we are 
told, will transform the way we live. 
In the global race for 5G, where the 
U.S. and China are among the main 
contenders, the competition is fierce, 
and from that frame certainly the core 
of this bill’s proposal—to have the 
international 
financial 
institutions 
support 5G infrastructure only if it is 
from trusted vendors—makes sense. We 
would not want to see this kind of pol-
icy cause problems for the missions of 
the IFIs if they get further caught up 
in any rivalry between the United 
States and China. But if our money is 
involved in these international finan-
cial institutions, then it needs to be 
American policy that those funds be 
used only to finance secure 5G net-
works. 
That said, the success of such a U.S. 
policy at the IFIs will depend in large 
part on the state of U.S. leadership 
worldwide not only in those institu-
tions but around the world. Let’s face 
it. Over the last 3 years America has 
squandered its role as a world leader, 
and we have stretched almost to the 
breaking point our alliances with our 
traditional allies. 
I look forward to working with ev-
eryone in Congress over the next few 
years to recement our international al-
liances and put us in a position so that 
when we speak at the international fi-
nancial institutions that we are lis-
tened to as a world leader and not 
mocked as a nation that has one tweet 
one day and another tweet another 
day. 
Mr. Speaker, I look forward to the 
passage of this legislation, and I urge 
my colleagues to support H.R. 5798. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. TIMMONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, when many of us think 
of 5G technology, we immediately 
think of our cell phones. What many of 
us do not think about is the impact 5G 
will have on the global economy once 
the technology is deployed. 
Fifth generation cellular technology, 
or 5G, will truly transform the way we 
live. It has the power to fuel self-driv-
ing autonomous vehicles, increase the 
use of artificial intelligence, replace 
Wi-Fi and broadband, and provide 
speeds expected to be as fast as 100 
times greater than current 4G tech-
nology. Once widespread, 5G will touch 
nearly every aspect of our lives. 
As with any new technology, there is 
now a global race for 5G market share. 
In this global race to 5G, it is not just 
economic challenges we face. There are 
also great national security concerns 
from foreign bad actors who seek to ex-
ploit the technology. This is why the 
United States must have sound policy 
when it comes to financing and pro-
tecting wireless technologies around 
the world. 
My legislation before the House 
today, the Promoting Secure 5G Act, 
would establish a U.S. policy at all 
international financial institutions, in-
cluding the IMF and World Bank. This 
policy would require all countries seek-
ing any financing from those institu-
tions for any purpose to prove their 5G 
network is secure. 
Securing multilateral financing for 
5G technology is the first step in facili-
tating equitable competition in the 
global economy. This will eliminate 
backdoor vulnerabilities that private 
companies and other nations may seek 
to exploit. One of the biggest offenders 
is Huawei, a Chinese-based company 
with direct links to China’s Communist 
Party. 
It is not just the U.S. that shares 
these concerns regarding the security 
of 5G technology. Recently, the U.K. 
reversed course and outright banned 
Huawei by 2027. France announced it 
will no longer renew licenses for 
Huawei. Denmark and Singapore have 
taken steps to avoid the company, and 
India is moving in the same direction 
with the potential of an outright ban 
in the near future. 
Our intelligence community has re-
peatedly warned of the consequences of 
handing over the world’s 5G systems to 
Huawei and the CCP. We would be wise 
to heed their warning. 
Combating aggression from the Chi-
nese Communist Party will take a 
whole-of-government approach, and my 
Promoting Secure 5G Act is a good 
first step to ensuring every nation con-
forms to the standards of the global 
economy when it comes to 5G tech-
nology. 
I want to thank Ranking Member 
MCHENRY and my other colleagues who 
have joined me in this effort. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support this legislation to ensure the 
secure and competitive deployment of 
5G technology around the world, and I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, I commend the gen-
tleman from South Carolina for au-
thoring this legislation. Also, again, I 
commend him for spending time this 
afternoon to pass all the legislation 
that is here before us. 
Mr. Speaker, the United States has 
often looked to the international finan-
cial institutions to meet strategic ob-
jectives at critical moments, and this 
legislation is a good example of that. 
The World Bank and others are cur-
rently focused on helping developing 
nations deal with the coronavirus, but 
soon, they will return to other develop-
ment goals. The basic principle of this 
legislation is important because it es-
tablishes not only what U.S. policy is 
going to be in a particular area, but it 
also directs the administration to pur-
sue that policy. It provides flexibility 
in the implementation of that policy 
and keeps Congress informed. 
It is important to keep in mind that 
our ability to influence the direction of 
the IFIs, the international financial in-
stitutions, and to prioritize global ob-
jectives in the areas that we think are 
critically important depend in large 
part on the degree to which the United 
States maintains and exercises strong 
leadership in these international finan-
cial institutions and in the world writ 
large. 
We on the Foreign Affairs Committee 
have focused on the importance of re-
building our relationships and rebuild-
ing America’s status and leadership in 
the world, and we will only be as effec-
tive in carrying out the intent of this 
legislation as we are in rehabilitating 
America’s image. 
For U.S. policy to be effectively ad-
vanced in the international financial 
institutions, other member states at 
these institutions need to believe that 
the policies we pursue are not based ex-
clusively out of a narrow self-interest 
but are policies that will help the en-
tire world move forward. 
Mr. Speaker, I support this legisla-
tion, and I urge my colleagues to do 
the same. I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. TIMMONS. Mr. Speaker, I urge 
my colleagues to support the bill, and 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by 
the gentleman from California (Mr. 
SHERMAN) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5698. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was 
passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
IMPROVING EMERGENCY DISEASE 
RESPONSE VIA HOUSING ACT OF 
2020 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill 
(H.R. 6294) to require data sharing re-
garding protecting the homeless from 
coronavirus, and for other purposes, as 
amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6294 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Improving 
Emergency Disease Response via Housing 
Act of 2020’’. 
SEC. 2. DATA SHARING BETWEEN HUD AND HHS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—For the purpose of in-
creasing the ability of the Secretary of 
Health and Human Services to target out-
reach to populations vulnerable to con-
tracting coronavirus, the Secretary of Hous-
ing and Urban Development shall share with 
the Secretary of Health and Human Services 
information 
regarding 
the 
location 
of 
projects for supportive housing for the elder-
ly assisted under section 202 of the Housing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
07:19 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00059
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K21SE7.094
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 58-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4608 
September 21, 2020 
Act of 1959 (12 U.S.C. 1701q) and the location 
of Continuums of Care with high concentra-
tion of unsheltered homelessness. 
(b) REMOVAL OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE 
INFORMATION.—In sharing the information 
required under subsection (a), the Secretary 
of Housing and Urban Development shall en-
sure that appropriate administrative and 
physical safeguards are in place to remove 
all personally identifiable information. 
(c) CONSULTATION.—The Secretary of Hous-
ing and Urban Development shall consult 
with the Secretary of Health and Human 
Services promptly after the date of the en-
actment of this Act to provide for the shar-
ing of the information required under sub-
section (a). 
(d) LIMITATION.—Information shared pursu-
ant to this Act shall not be shared beyond 
the Department of Health and Human Serv-
ices or used for purposes beyond those in-
tended in the Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from 
California (Mr. SHERMAN) and the gen-
tleman 
from 
South 
Carolina 
(Mr. 
TIMMONS) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members 
may have 5 legislative days within 
which to revise and extend their re-
marks on this legislation and to insert 
extraneous material thereon. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-
tleman from California? 
There was no objection. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
6294, the Improving Emergency Disease 
Response via Housing Act, which will 
help the Federal Government better 
identify and serve populations particu-
larly at risk from COVID–19. 
This bill will require the Department 
of Housing and Urban Development, 
HUD, to share with the Department of 
Health and Human Services the loca-
tions of HUD senior housing properties 
and local continuums of care with high 
concentrations of people experiencing 
unsheltered homelessness. The bill also 
includes important protections to en-
sure people’s privacy and to prevent 
the misuse of this information. 
Early in this pandemic, we learned 
the devastating impact COVID–19 has 
on seniors. Seniors often have under-
lying health conditions, which make 
them particularly vulnerable to the 
virus. Making matters worse, many 
seniors live in large multifamily build-
ings, including HUD-subsidized prop-
erties, where the risk of contagion is 
particularly high. 
This constellation of factors—close 
living quarters, advanced age, higher 
prevalence of underlying health condi-
tions—puts this population at substan-
tial risk for contracting and at a high-
er risk for dying from COVID–19. 
According to The New York Times, 
as of last month, 40 percent of COVID– 
19-related deaths have occurred in sen-
ior communities, not just to those who 
have reached senior age but that subset 
of seniors who live in these senior com-
munities. 
People experiencing homelessness are 
also particularly vulnerable to COVID– 
19 because they are disproportionately 
likely to have underlying conditions 
and because they often do not have the 
means to follow CDC guidelines around 
handwashing, social distancing, mask- 
wearing, et cetera. 
People 
experiencing 
homelessness 
who contract COVID–19 are twice as 
likely to be hospitalized, two to four 
times as likely to require critical care, 
and two to three times as likely to die 
as others in the general public. 
So, Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. TIPTON 
for introducing this bill to help us bet-
ter protect some of this country’s most 
vulnerable people, and I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
b 1700 
Mr. TIMMONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
6294. 
Back in the early days of COVID–19, 
the Republicans on the Committee on 
Financial Services anticipated some of 
the biggest threats the virus posed and 
moved to protect those who were most 
vulnerable. Representative TIPTON in-
troduced H.R. 6294 so that the Depart-
ment of Health and Human Services 
and the Department of Housing and 
Urban Development would be better 
able to coordinate and target treat-
ment to folks like the elderly and the 
disabled. We knew that these were 
going to be the highest risk, most vul-
nerable populations affected by the 
pandemic and wanted to make sure 
States had all the tools they needed to 
protect these citizens. 
Sadly, in some places, we saw the dis-
astrous effect of what happened when 
local officials failed to act quickly to 
make sure our seniors were kept safe 
from the preventable spread of the pan-
demic. To ensure that we do not repeat 
such mistakes, H.R. 6294 would allow 
for data-sharing between HHS and HUD 
regarding the location of section 202 af-
fordable housing properties while keep-
ing residents’ personal information 
protected. 
Mr. Speaker, I commend Representa-
tive TIPTON for his leadership in this 
area, and I will miss working with him. 
This is a commonsense bill to cut 
through red tape and allow for greater 
assistance to vulnerable populations. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support it, and I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, I, again, thank my col-
league, Mr. TIPTON, for introducing 
this bill to help us better protect sen-
iors and people experiencing homeless-
ness from COVID–19. 
We have lost too many people to this 
terrible virus. While it is important 
that we ensure the safety of those who 
are particularly vulnerable to the 
coronavirus, I hope that we can all 
work together this month to provide a 
comprehensive response to this public 
crisis, modeled after the HEROES Act, 
which this House passed in May of this 
year. 
Our constituents want us to act on 
major legislation, but in the mean-
time, it is good to pass this bill to help 
those who are particularly impacted by 
COVID. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
join me in supporting this legislation, 
and I yield back the balance of my 
time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by 
the gentleman from California (Mr. 
SHERMAN) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6294, as 
amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as 
amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
NATIONAL SUICIDE HOTLINE 
DESIGNATION ACT OF 2020 
Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (S. 2661) to amend the Communica-
tions Act of 1934 to designate 9–8–8 as 
the universal telephone number for the 
purpose of the national suicide preven-
tion and mental health crisis hotline 
system operating through the National 
Suicide 
Prevention 
Lifeline 
and 
through the Veterans Crisis Line, and 
for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2661 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National 
Suicide Hotline Designation Act of 2020’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: 
(1) According to the American Foundation 
for Suicide Prevention, on average, there are 
129 suicides per day in the United States. 
(2) To prevent future suicides, it is critical 
to transition the cumbersome, existing 10- 
digit National Suicide Hotline to a uni-
versal, 
easy-to-remember, 
3-digit 
phone 
number and connect people in crisis with 
life-saving resources. 
(3) It is essential that people in the United 
States have access to a 3-digit national sui-
cide hotline across all geographic locations. 
(4) The designated suicide hotline number 
will need to be both familiar and recogniz-
able to all people in the United States. 
SEC. 3. UNIVERSAL TELEPHONE NUMBER FOR 
NATIONAL 
SUICIDE 
PREVENTION 
AND MENTAL HEALTH CRISIS HOT-
LINE SYSTEM. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 251(e) of the Com-
munications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 251(e)) is 
amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(4) UNIVERSAL TELEPHONE NUMBER FOR NA-
TIONAL
SUICIDE
PREVENTION
AND
MENTAL 
HEALTH CRISIS HOTLINE SYSTEM.—9–8–8 is des-
ignated as the universal telephone number 
within the United States for the purpose of 
the national suicide prevention and mental 
health 
crisis 
hotline 
system 
operating 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
07:19 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00060
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A21SE7.028
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 59-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4609 
September 21, 2020 
through the National Suicide Prevention 
Lifeline maintained by the Assistant Sec-
retary for Mental Health and Substance Use 
under section 520E–3 of the Public Health 
Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290bb–36c) and through 
the Veterans Crisis Line maintained by the 
Secretary of Veterans Affairs under section 
1720F(h) of title 38, United States Code.’’. 
(b) 
EFFECTIVE
DATE.—The 
amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall take effect on 
the date that is 1 year after the date of en-
actment of this Act. 
(c) REQUIRED REPORT.—Not later than 180 
days after the date of enactment of this Act, 
the Assistant Secretary for Mental Health 
and Substance Use and the Secretary of Vet-
erans Affairs shall jointly submit a report 
that details the resources necessary to make 
the use of 9–8–8, as designated under para-
graph (4) of section 251(e) of the Communica-
tions Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 251(e)), as added 
by subsection (a) of this section, operational 
and effective across the United States to— 
(1) the Committee on Commerce, Science, 
and Transportation of the Senate; 
(2) the Committee on Appropriations of the 
Senate; 
(3) the Committee on Energy and Com-
merce of the House of Representatives; and 
(4) the Committee on Appropriations of the 
House of Representatives. 
SEC. 4. STATE AUTHORITY OVER FEES. 
(a) AUTHORITY.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Nothing in this Act, any 
amendment made by this Act, the Commu-
nications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 151 et seq.), or 
any Commission regulation or order may 
prevent the imposition and collection of a 
fee or charge applicable to a commercial mo-
bile service or an IP-enabled voice service 
specifically designated by a State, a political 
subdivision of a State, an Indian Tribe, or 
village or regional corporation serving a re-
gion established pursuant to the Alaska Na-
tive Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1601 et 
seq.) for 9–8–8 related services, if the fee or 
charge is held in a sequestered account to be 
obligated or expended only in support of 9–8– 
8 services, or enhancements of such services, 
as specified in the provision of State or local 
law adopting the fee or charge. 
(2) USE OF 9–8–8 FUNDS.—A fee or charge col-
lected under this subsection shall only be 
imposed, collected, and used to pay expenses 
that a State, a political subdivision of a 
State, an Indian Tribe, or village or regional 
corporation serving a region established pur-
suant to the Alaska Native Claims Settle-
ment Act (43 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.) is expected 
to incur that are reasonably attributed to— 
(A) ensuring the efficient and effective 
routing of calls made to the 9–8–8 national 
suicide prevention and mental health crisis 
hotline to an appropriate crisis center; and 
(B) personnel and the provision of acute 
mental health, crisis outreach and stabiliza-
tion services by directly responding to the 9– 
8–8 national suicide prevention and mental 
health crisis hotline. 
(b) FEE ACCOUNTABILITY REPORT.—To en-
sure efficiency, transparency, and account-
ability in the collection and expenditure of a 
fee or charge for the support or implementa-
tion of 9–8–8 services, not later than 2 years 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
and annually thereafter, the Commission 
shall submit to the Committees on Com-
merce, Science, and Transportation and Ap-
propriations of the Senate and the Commit-
tees on Energy and Commerce and Appro-
priations of the House of Representatives a 
report that— 
(1) details the status in each State, polit-
ical subdivision of a State, Indian Tribe, or 
village or regional corporation serving a re-
gion established pursuant to the Alaska Na-
tive Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1601 et 
seq.) of the collection and distribution of 
such fees or charges; and 
(2) includes findings on the amount of reve-
nues obligated or expended by each State, 
political subdivision of a State, Indian Tribe, 
or village or regional corporation serving a 
region established pursuant to the Alaska 
Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1601 
et seq.) for any purpose other than the pur-
pose for which any such fees or charges are 
specified. 
(c) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) COMMERCIAL MOBILE SERVICE.—The term 
‘‘commercial mobile service’’ has the mean-
ing given that term under section 332(d) of 
the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 
332(d)). 
(2) COMMISSION.—The term ‘‘Commission’’ 
means the Federal Communications Com-
mission. 
(3) IP-ENABLED
VOICE
SERVICE.—The term 
‘‘IP-enabled voice service’’ shall include— 
(A) an interconnected VoIP service, as de-
fined in section 9.3 of the title 47 of the Code 
of Federal Regulations, or any successor 
thereto; and 
(B) a one-way interconnected VoIP service. 
(4) STATE.—The term ‘‘State’’ has the 
meaning given that term in section 7 of the 
Wireless Communications and Public Safety 
Act of 1999 (47 U.S.C. 615b). 
SEC. 5. LOCATION IDENTIFICATION REPORT. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Federal Communications Commission 
shall submit to the appropriate committees 
a report that examines the feasibility and 
cost of including an automatic dispatchable 
location that would be conveyed with a 9–8– 
8 call, regardless of the technological plat-
form used and including with calls from 
multi-line telephone systems (as defined in 
section 6502 of the Middle Class Tax Relief 
and Job Creation Act of 2012 (47 U.S.C. 1471)). 
(b) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) APPROPRIATE
COMMITTEES.—The term 
‘‘appropriate committees’’ means the fol-
lowing: 
(A) The Committee on Commerce, Science, 
and Transportation of the Senate. 
(B) The Committee on Health, Education, 
Labor, and Pensions of the Senate. 
(C) The Committee on Energy and Com-
merce of the House of Representatives. 
(2) 
DISPATCHABLE
LOCATION.—The 
term 
‘‘dispatchable location’’ means the street ad-
dress of the calling party and additional in-
formation such as room number, floor num-
ber, or similar information necessary to ade-
quately identify the location of the calling 
party. 
SEC. 6. REPORT ON CERTAIN TRAINING PRO-
GRAMS. 
(a) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) youth who are lesbian, gay, bisexual, 
transgender, or queer (referred to in this sec-
tion as ‘‘LGBTQ’’) are more than 4 times 
more likely to contemplate suicide than 
their peers, with 1 in 5 LGBTQ youth and 
more than 1 in 3 transgender youth reporting 
attempting suicide; 
(2) American Indian and Alaska Natives 
have the highest rate of suicide of any racial 
or ethnic group in the United States with a 
suicide rate over 3.5 times higher than the 
racial or ethnic group with the lowest rate, 
with the suicide rate increasing, since 1999, 
by 139 percent for American Indian women 
and 71 percent for men; 
(3) between 2001 and 2015, the suicide death 
rate in rural counties in the United States 
was 17.32 per 100,000 individuals, which is sig-
nificantly greater than the national average, 
and the data shows that between that same 
time period, suicide rates increased for all 
age groups across all counties in the United 
States, with the highest rates and the great-
est increases being in more rural counties; 
and 
(4) the Substance Abuse and Mental Health 
Services Administration must be equipped to 
provide specialized resources to these and 
other high-risk populations. 
(b) REPORT.—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Assist-
ant Secretary for Mental Health and Sub-
stance Use shall submit to the Committee on 
Commerce, Science, and Transportation of 
the Senate, the Committee on Health, Edu-
cation, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate, 
and the Committee on Energy and Commerce 
of the House of Representatives a report 
that— 
(1) details a strategy, to be developed in 
consultation with the Centers for Disease 
Control and Prevention, the National Insti-
tute of Mental Health, and organizations ca-
pable of providing nationwide suicide preven-
tion and crisis services for LGBTQ youth, 
minorities, rural individuals, or other high- 
risk populations, for the Substance Abuse 
and Mental Health Services Administration 
to offer, support, or provide technical assist-
ance to training programs for National Sui-
cide Prevention Lifeline counselors to in-
crease competency in serving high-risk popu-
lations; and 
(2) includes recommendations regarding— 
(A) the facilitation of access to services 
that are provided to specially trained staff 
and partner organizations for LGBTQ youth, 
minorities, rural individuals, and other high- 
risk populations; and 
(B) a strategy for optimally implementing 
an Integrated Voice Response, or other 
equally effective mechanism, to allow Na-
tional Suicide Prevention Lifeline callers 
who are LGBTQ youth, minorities, rural in-
dividuals, or members of other high-risk pop-
ulations to access specialized services. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from 
California (Mr. MCNERNEY) and the 
gentleman 
from 
Montana 
(Mr. 
GIANFORTE) each will control 20 min-
utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members 
may have 5 legislative days in which to 
revise and extend their remarks and in-
clude extraneous material on S. 2661. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-
tleman from California? 
There was no objection. 
Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. 
Speaker, 
last 
Congress, 
the 
House took up the National Suicide 
Hotline Improvement Act, which di-
rected the FCC to study and consider 
whether it is technically feasible to es-
tablish a three-digit number for calling 
the National Suicide Prevention Life-
line. 
I am proud that today, during Sui-
cide Prevention Month, the House is 
taking up the National Suicide Hotline 
Designation Act to expand our previous 
efforts. The legislation before us di-
rects the FCC to designate ‘‘988’’ as the 
number for accessing the lifeline. The 
FCC, in response to our previous legis-
lation, is already taking steps to ac-
complish this, but the legislation goes 
further. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
07:19 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00061
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A21SE7.036
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 60-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4610 
September 21, 2020 
Critically, this measure paves the 
way to create a sustainable funding 
stream for our suicide prevention call- 
takers, something that we desperately 
need. These seemingly small changes 
will make finding help immensely easi-
er for Americans who are experiencing 
suicide or mental health crises. 
The 
National 
Suicide 
Prevention 
Lifeline, which is accessible today by 
calling 1–800–273–TALK, received more 
than 2.2 million calls in 2018. As hard 
as it is to believe, that figure is ex-
pected to go up when 988 is fully imple-
mented and becomes accessible to the 
public. But designating a short three- 
digit code that is easier to remember 
than a cumbersome 1–800 number is 
supposed to reach more people. That is 
the point. But that is also why it is so 
important that the lifeline be able to 
fund its operations. 
Because of this legislation, it is like-
ly that the lifeline will receive more 
calls and save more lives than it does 
today. Luckily, the lifeline has a prov-
en track record, successfully dees-
calating almost 98 percent of inter-
actions with callers experiencing suici-
dal or mental health crises. 
We have no reason to expect different 
outcomes when the number changes to 
988 because the bill ensures that the 
lifeline network call centers will have 
the resources necessary to handle the 
increase in volume that they are an-
ticipating. It is undeniably one of the 
most effective tools at our disposal to 
address the crisis of suicide in Amer-
ica. 
An analysis of 1,500 calls from just 
over 1,400 individuals showed that call-
ers who utilized the lifeline’s assist-
ance were significantly more likely to 
feel less depressed, less suicidal, less 
overwhelmed, and more hopeful by the 
end of the call. It is clear that people 
who can access help when they need it 
have better outcomes than those who 
can’t. 
That is why our immediate goal with 
this legislation is to reach the people 
who need help but aren’t getting it, 
and there are far too many folks who 
fit that description. More than 47,000 
Americans died by suicide, and more 
than 1.4 million Americans attempted 
suicide in 2017. In 2018, 48,000 Americans 
died by suicide. Sadly, the numbers are 
even worse for certain at-risk popu-
lations. 
More than 6,000 veterans died by sui-
cide each year from 2008 to 2017. Young 
LGBTQ adults are four times more 
likely to contemplate suicide than 
their heterosexual peers, and 39 percent 
of LGBTQ youths reported seriously 
considering suicide in the past 12 
months. 
Mr. Speaker, that is why this bill en-
sures that the lifeline and the good 
people on the other end of the call have 
the tools and resources they need to 
reach people who need it the most. 
Mr. Speaker, the National Suicide 
Hotline Designation Act is a necessary 
step to reducing suicide in the United 
States and will ultimately save lives. I 
thank Representatives MOULTON
and 
STEWART for drafting this measure and 
the Senate for introducing a com-
panion bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I also thank the chairs 
and ranking members of the Commu-
nications 
and 
Technology 
Sub-
committee and the full Committee on 
Energy and Commerce for their bipar-
tisan work to bring this measure to the 
floor. I look forward to the legislation 
passing the House today and its signa-
ture by the President. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the 
bill, S. 2661, the National Suicide Hot-
line 
Designation 
Act 
by 
Senators 
GARDNER, BALDWIN, MORAN, and REED. 
It is the Senate companion of legisla-
tion I introduced with Representatives 
STEWART, MOULTON, and EDDIE BERNICE 
JOHNSON. 
It designates ‘‘988’’ as the universal 
telephone number for the National Sui-
cide Prevention Lifeline system. This 
means no matter where you are in the 
country, just like when you call 911, 
when you call 988, you will be con-
nected to mental health resources. 
This 
legislation 
also 
authorizes 
States to collect a fee limited to sup-
porting local crisis call centers that 
are affiliated with the national net-
work or enhancement of such services. 
It also sets a 1-year deadline to com-
plete technical upgrades to enable the 
number. 
Mr. Speaker, I am glad we have been 
able to work together on this measure 
and others to improve the network of 
services that make up the suicide pre-
vention lifeline and to educate Ameri-
cans about suicide prevention. These 
bills are badly needed by a Nation 
working to emerge from an unprece-
dented health and economic crisis, and 
it is badly needed in Montana where, 
tragically, we have one of the highest 
rates of suicide in the country. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to 
come together here today to advance 
these bills, and I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I have 
no additional speakers, and I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from 
Utah (Mr. STEWART). 
Mr. STEWART. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
my colleague from Montana, as well as 
others who have supported this. 
Mr. Speaker, the sad reality is, here 
in the United States, we are in the 
middle of a tragedy. It is a tragedy 
that is particularly painful for our 
youth and our veterans, as so many of 
them have experienced suicide and left 
tragedies behind for them and their 
families. 
If you are in the middle of a mental 
health crisis and you need help, if you 
are worried about one of your children, 
your son, a daughter, a roommate, a 
friend, you need to know who to call. 
But the problem is, no one knows the 
number. 
The second problem is, the number is 
different. If you are calling in Salt 
Lake City, it is a different number 
than if you are calling in New York or 
if you are calling from California or 
even another part of Utah. 
This fixes it, which is why I rise to 
support the bill, S. 2661. 
Mr. Speaker, I am so pleased, work-
ing with, again, my colleagues, that 
after 4 years of working on designating 
this 
three-digit 
number—legislation 
which, by the way, was based on some-
thing that we did in Utah about 4 years 
ago—we are finally going to pass this 
bill to do just that. 
Imagine this: Every 11 
minutes, 
somebody in the United States com-
mits suicide—not attempts suicide, ac-
tually commits suicide—leaving behind 
devastation of broken hearts and bro-
ken families and friends. It used to be 
that if I spoke to a group of 100 and 
said, ‘‘How many of you have been im-
pacted by someone you know or love 
and you care about who has attempted 
suicide or committed suicide?’’ 5 or 6 
years ago, maybe a few hands would 
come up. Now, in those settings, al-
most everyone raises their hands. 
That is good because we are more 
willing to acknowledge and recognize 
the problem and to discuss it. But the 
truth is, most of us have been affected 
in one way or another by someone we 
know, someone we care about. 
It is heartbreaking, as I said, not 
only for the lives that are taken but 
the family and the friends who are left 
behind to mourn that terrible loss. Too 
many of us have been impacted by sui-
cide and the very real need to do some-
thing about it, and this bill does. 
By designating ‘‘988’’ as a nationwide 
hotline number, we increase the acces-
sibility. 
If your house is on fire, call 911. 
If you need the police, call 911. 
If you are in the middle of a mental 
health crisis, 988 is going to get you 
help. It is going to immediately give 
you someone to talk with and, in spe-
cial cases where intervention is nec-
essary, to give you that resource as 
well. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues 
here in the House, and I thank my col-
leagues in the Senate, to join with 
them in helping those people who need 
our help—the most vulnerable, again, 
as I started out by saying, particularly 
among our youth and our veterans. 
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman 
from Utah for his leadership. I urge 
adoption of this, and I yield back the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman from Utah (Mr. 
STEWART) for his leadership on this 
issue. It is an issue that can affect fam-
ilies and tear them apart, and I appre-
ciate the work. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
07:19 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00062
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K21SE7.100
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 61-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4611 
September 21, 2020 
The National Suicide Hotline Des-
ignation Act is a necessary step in re-
ducing suicide in the United States and 
will ultimately save lives. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support this legislation, and I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Ms. JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
today I rise in support of the National Suicide 
Hotline Designation Act, which I have led in 
the House with my colleagues Congressmen 
CHRIS STEWART, SETH MOULTON, and GREG 
GIANFORTE. I am so pleased that we are con-
sidering this critical legislation on the floor 
today, in honor of September as Suicide Pre-
vention Month. 
As a former chief psychiatric nurse, I have 
spent my legislative career advocating for 
more accessible mental health resources in 
our communities, especially considering the 
significant needs in these difficult times. The 
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 
reported that in late June, 40 percent of Amer-
ican adults struggled with mental health or 
substance abuse during the COVID–19 pan-
demic. Specifically, it reported that commu-
nities of color, essential workers, younger 
adults, and unpaid caregivers had dispropor-
tionately worse mental health outcomes and 
elevated suicidal ideation. 
This is exactly why I am determined to pass 
this bill, as it directs the Federal Communica-
tions Commission to designate 9–8–8 for the 
national suicide prevention and mental health 
crisis hotline system. It also provides the nec-
essary state funding guidance, federal report-
ing, and specialized service training to effec-
tively implement the new dialing code. This 
three-digit phone number—instead of a full 
ten-digit number—is much easier to remem-
ber, especially when you or a loved one are 
in a crisis and in need of help. As such, this 
redesigned and upgraded suicide prevention 
lifeline will save lives. 
As the country’s mental health and suicide 
crises have worsen during the COVID–19 pan-
demic, Congress has an urgent responsibility 
to fulfill the promise of 9–8–8 and develop a 
modern mental health and suicide prevention 
crisis hotline system. I am especially proud of 
the efforts in this legislation to support com-
munities at higher risk of suicide, including 
veterans and LGBTQ youth. This new system 
will include the Veterans Crisis Line to specifi-
cally support veterans seeking mental health 
support. The bill also authorizes states to col-
lect a fee designated solely to supporting local 
crisis call centers affiliated within the national 
network, which includes the Suicide and Crisis 
Center of North Texas in my district. This pro-
vision will ensure that the local call centers ex-
periencing increased call volume due to the 
more accessible dialing code will have the fi-
nancial resources needed to expand their op-
erations and serve all who are seeking help. 
We must not allow the tragedies of this 
coronavirus to be compounded by preventable 
losses of life due to mental health distress. As 
a former mental health professional, I am 
proud to support the passage of the National 
Suicide Hotline Designation Act, and I thank 
my colleagues for their collaboration on such 
a critical and timely effort. I urge my col-
leagues to vote in favor of this bill. 
b 1715 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by 
the gentleman from California (Mr. 
MCNERNEY) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, S. 2661. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was 
passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
DIRECTING FEDERAL COMMUNICA-
TIONS 
COMMISSION 
TO 
ISSUE 
REPORTS AFTER ACTIVATION OF 
DISASTER 
INFORMATION 
RE-
PORTING SYSTEM 
Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 5918) to direct the Federal 
Communications Commission to issue 
reports after activation of the Disaster 
Information Reporting System and to 
make improvements to network outage 
reporting, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5918 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. REPORTS AFTER ACTIVATION OF DIS-
ASTER 
INFORMATION 
REPORTING 
SYSTEM; IMPROVEMENTS TO NET-
WORK OUTAGE REPORTING. 
(a) REPORTS AFTER ACTIVATION OF DISASTER 
INFORMATION REPORTING SYSTEM.— 
(1) PRELIMINARY REPORT.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 6 weeks after 
the deactivation of the Disaster Information Re-
porting System with respect to an event for 
which the System was activated for at least 7 
days, the Commission shall issue a preliminary 
report on, with respect to such event and to the 
extent known— 
(i) the number and duration of any outages 
of— 
(I) broadband internet access service; 
(II) interconnected VoIP service; 
(III) commercial mobile service; and 
(IV) commercial mobile data service; 
(ii) the approximate number of users or the 
amount of communications infrastructure poten-
tially affected by an outage described in clause 
(i); 
(iii) the number and duration of any outages 
at public safety answering points that prevent 
public safety answering points from receiving 
emergency calls and routing such calls to emer-
gency service personnel; and 
(iv) any additional information determined 
appropriate by the Commission. 
(B) DEVELOPMENT OF REPORT.—The Commis-
sion shall develop the report required by sub-
paragraph (A) using information collected by 
the Commission, including information collected 
by the Commission through the System. 
(2) PUBLIC FIELD HEARINGS.— 
(A) REQUIREMENT.—Not later than 8 months 
after the deactivation of the Disaster Informa-
tion Reporting System with respect to an event 
for which the System was activated for at least 
7 days, the Commission shall hold at least 1 
public field hearing in the area affected by such 
event. 
(B) INCLUSION
OF
CERTAIN
INDIVIDUALS
IN 
HEARINGS.—For each public field hearing held 
under subparagraph (A), the Commission shall 
consider including— 
(i) representatives of State government, local 
government, or Indian Tribal governments in 
areas affected by such event; 
(ii) residents of the areas affected by such 
event, or consumer advocates; 
(iii) providers of communications services af-
fected by such event; 
(iv) faculty of institutions of higher edu-
cation; 
(v) representatives of other Federal agencies; 
(vi) electric utility providers; 
(vii) communications infrastructure compa-
nies; and 
(viii) first responders, emergency managers, or 
9–1–1 directors in areas affected by such event. 
(3) FINAL REPORT.—Not later than 12 months 
after the deactivation of the Disaster Informa-
tion Reporting System with respect to an event 
for which the System was activated for at least 
7 days, the Commission shall issue a final report 
that includes, with respect to such event— 
(A) the information described under para-
graph (1)(A); and 
(B) any recommendations of the Commission 
on how to improve the resiliency of affected 
communications or networks recovery efforts. 
(4) DEVELOPMENT OF REPORTS.—In developing 
a report required under this subsection, the 
Commission shall consider information collected 
by the Commission, including information col-
lected by the Commission through the System, 
and any public hearing described in paragraph 
(2) with respect to the applicable event. 
(5) PUBLICATION.—The Commission shall pub-
lish each report, excluding information that is 
otherwise exempt from public disclosure under 
the rules of the Commission, issued under this 
subsection on the website of the Commission 
upon the issuance of such report. 
(b) IMPROVEMENTS TO NETWORK OUTAGE RE-
PORTING.—Not later than 1 year after the date 
of the enactment of this Act, the Commission 
shall conduct a proceeding and, after public no-
tice and an opportunity for comment, adopt 
rules to— 
(1) determine the circumstances under which 
to require service providers subject to the 9–1–1 
regulations established under part 9 of title 47, 
Code of Federal Regulations, to submit a timely 
notification, (in an easily accessible format that 
facilities situational awareness) to public safety 
answering points regarding communications 
service disruptions within the assigned terri-
tories of such public safety answering points 
that prevent— 
(A) the origination of 9–1–1 calls; 
(B) the delivery of Automatic Location Infor-
mation; or 
(C) Automatic Number Identification; 
(2) require such notifications to be made; and 
(3) specify the appropriate timing of such no-
tification. 
(c) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) AUTOMATIC LOCATION INFORMATION; AUTO-
MATIC
NUMBER
IDENTIFICATION.—The 
terms 
‘‘Automatic Location Information’’ and ‘‘Auto-
matic Number Identification’’ have the meaning 
given those terms in section 9.3 of title 47, Code 
of Federal Regulations, or any successor regula-
tion. 
(2) BROADBAND
INTERNET
ACCESS
SERVICE.— 
The term ‘‘broadband internet access service’’ 
has the meaning given such term in section 
8.1(b) of title 47, Code of Federal Regulations, or 
any successor regulation. 
(3) COMMERCIAL MOBILE SERVICE.—The term 
‘‘commercial mobile service’’ has the meaning 
given such term in section 332(d) of the Commu-
nications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 332(d)). 
(4) COMMERCIAL MOBILE DATA SERVICE.—The 
term ‘‘commercial mobile data service’’ has the 
meaning given such term in section 6001 of the 
Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 
2012 (47 U.S.C. 1401). 
(5) COMMISSION.—The term ‘‘Commission’’ 
means the Federal Communications Commission. 
(6) INDIAN TRIBAL GOVERNMENT; LOCAL GOV-
ERNMENT.—The terms ‘‘Indian Tribal govern-
ment’’ and ‘‘Indian Tribal Government’’ have 
the meaning given those terms in section 102 of 
the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-
gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121). 
(7) INTERCONNECTED VOIP SERVICE.—The term 
‘‘interconnected VoIP service’’ has the meaning 
given such term in section 3 of the Communica-
tions Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 153). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
07:19 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00063
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\K21SE7.101
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 62-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4612 
September 21, 2020 
(8) PUBLIC
SAFETY
ANSWERING
POINT.—The 
term ‘‘public safety answering point’’ has the 
meaning given such term in section 222 of the 
Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 222). 
(9) STATE.—The term ‘‘State’’ has the meaning 
given such term in section 3 of the Communica-
tions Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 153). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from 
California (Mr. MCNERNEY) and the 
gentleman 
from 
Montana 
(Mr. 
GIANFORTE) each will control 20 min-
utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members 
may have 5 legislative days in which to 
revise and extend their remarks and in-
clude extraneous material on H.R. 5918. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-
tleman from California? 
There was no objection. 
Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak in sup-
port of H.R. 5918. 
In times of crisis, Americans rely on 
communications systems to stay in-
formed, check on loved ones, and ac-
cess emergency assistance. As the 
agency in charge of overseeing our Na-
tion’s communications systems, it is 
the responsibility of the FCC, the Fed-
eral Communications Commission, to 
ensure that Americans stay connected 
when it matters most and that the 
communications providers are prepared 
for whatever disasters may come their 
way. 
Keeping networks online through the 
course of a hurricane or a wildfire is a 
difficult task, but the fact of the mat-
ter is network outages occur far too 
frequently. That reality is due in large 
part to climate change. According to 
the National Climate Assessment, the 
recent trends of increasingly severe 
storms and disasters are only expected 
to continue. 
While we are not here asking the FCC 
or even the communications providers 
to solve the problem of climate change, 
we do expect them, as stewards of our 
communications 
systems 
and 
net-
works, to adapt with the times. To 
make progress in this regard we need 
to start with data. 
The Disaster Information Reporting 
System, or DIRS, was launched by the 
FCC in 2007 so that communications 
providers could report the status of 
communications systems during disas-
ters. In some cases, DIRS is activated 
in advance of a potential storm or as a 
precautionary measure. 
In more extreme cases, DIRS is acti-
vated in the lead-up to a disaster and 
stays active for days on end. That is 
because a network can go on and off-
line even after a storm’s end. It is usu-
ally a sign that the event is so severe 
that it knocks out commercial power, 
takes down lines and poles, or some 
combination of the two. 
Those are the storms that are ex-
pected to continue and grow with each 
year, and that is why this bill comes at 
a crucial time. Under this bill, the FCC 
would be required to conduct a deep 
and thorough analysis of any disaster 
or event for which DIRS is activated by 
the FCC and stays active for a min-
imum of 7 days. 
First, the FCC would be required to 
issue a preliminary report within 6 
weeks after the date DIRS is deacti-
vated. This report would include de-
tailed information about the number of 
outages, whether communications in-
frastructure was affected, and how 
many 911 centers were affected by serv-
ice outages. 
This bill would then require the FCC 
to hold a field hearing no later than 8 
months after the Commission deacti-
vates DIRS. By requiring the FCC to 
get out of Washington and see and hear 
real stories on the ground, the FCC will 
get an opportunity to examine these 
events, the outages they cause, and 
how we can prevent them from hap-
pening in the future. 
Last week, the Subcommittee on 
Communications and Technology held 
a productive and informative FCC 
oversight hearing. At the hearing, 
Commissioner 
Jessica 
Rosenworcel 
stressed to the committee that we need 
to update our playbook for communica-
tions in disasters. She is right, and this 
bill is how we move forward to get that 
goal. 
We rely on our devices, and we count 
on having a signal or connection in our 
time of need. In fact, right now in Cali-
fornia, folks are using their devices to 
track fast-moving wildfires, ready to 
drop everything and evacuate if there 
is an unexpected shift in the fire’s 
path. 
In our world today, connectivity is 
not a luxury; it is essential to ensuring 
our collective safety. Often it can 
make a difference between life and 
death. 
I 
commend 
Representative 
DORIS 
MATSUI for her leadership on this bill, 
especially as her constituents and mine 
all across California continue to grap-
ple with these fires. 
I also want to thank Ranking Mem-
ber WALDEN and subcommittee Rank-
ing Member LATTA for working with us 
to move this bill through the Energy 
and Commerce Committee on a bipar-
tisan basis. And, of course, I would like 
to thank Communications and Tech-
nology Subcommittee Chairman MIKE 
DOYLE and full committee Chairman 
FRANK PALLONE for their leadership in 
getting us all there. 
This is a good bill that will help us 
make our communications systems 
more resilient in the future. I look for-
ward to its consideration by the Senate 
and the President. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of H.R. 5918, the Emergency Reporting 
Act, which was introduced by Rep-
resentatives MATSUI, ESHOO, THOMP-
SON, and HUFFMAN. 
Today’s legislation will allow 911 cen-
ters across the country to have access 
to confidential information on poten-
tial 911 outages, subject to appropriate 
safeguards. 
In times of disaster, 911 public safety 
answering points do not always know 
that 911 calls may not be going 
through. The FCC currently collects 
information on the status of commu-
nications infrastructure and commu-
nications network outage information. 
They make that information available 
to the Department of Homeland Secu-
rity to coordinate overall emergency 
response efforts within a State between 
State and local first responders. 
Given the sensitive nature of this 
data to both national security and 
commercial competitiveness, this in-
formation is confidential. However, as 
first responders work to ensure the 911 
system can seamlessly get back online 
and route calls to neighboring call cen-
ters, access to this confidential infor-
mation is important. 
This bill would help make timely 
outage information available to help 
first responders on the ground restore 
service as quickly as possible. The bill 
also requires the FCC to hold a field 
hearing in areas in which the Commis-
sion’s Disaster Information Reporting 
System was activated for 7 or more 
days and to provide an initial and final 
report on the status of communica-
tions networks. 
The FCC only activates the DIRS 
system for significant natural disas-
ters, such as Hurricane Sally or the 
wildfires out West. The bill limits 
these types of reports to only areas 
where damage was significant and sus-
tained. 
This is an important bill to the resil-
iency of our public safety networks, 
and I urge my colleagues to support 
the measure. 
Mr. Speaker, I reiterate my support 
for this bill. I urge adoption, and I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, as 
California 
has 
grappled 
with 
dev-
astating wildfires, we must do every-
thing possible to help them stay con-
nected 
during 
these 
events, 
when 
connectivity can mean the difference 
between life and death. 
H.R. 5918 is a critical part of this ef-
fort. I urge my colleagues to support it, 
and I yield back the balance of my 
time. 
Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support 
of H.R. 5918, the Emergency Reporting Act. 
The human impacts of natural disasters are 
worsened when our communications infra-
structure is not resilient, and this is an issue 
Californians know all too well. 
On October 28, 2019, 874 cell towers were 
out in California, caused by wildfires and 
power shutoffs. My constituents were worried 
they wouldn’t be able to call 9–1–1 during 
emergencies, 
receive 
emergency 
alerts, 
download evacuation maps, or check-in on 
loved ones. This horrific situation led my good 
friend, Congresswoman MATSUI, and me to 
work on this legislation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
07:19 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00064
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A21SE7.035
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 63-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4613 
September 21, 2020 
H.R. 5918, the Emergency Reporting Act, 
requires the Federal Communications Com-
mission (FCC) to hold field hearings after dis-
asters, issue preliminary and final reports 
about each disaster, and ensure 9–1–1 cen-
ters know when outages will impact calls they 
may receive. 
Wildfires are becoming more intense and 
more frequent because of climate change, and 
this wildfire season is now a historic one, with 
the expected peak of the season yet to occur. 
Over a month ago a siege of lightning strikes 
ignited the CZU Lightning Complex fire in my 
congressional district, and it is now the tenth 
most destructive wildlife in California’s history. 
The fire has destroyed nearly a thousand 
homes in my district and forced 77,000 of my 
constituents to evacuate. 
Last year, I asked FCC Chairman Ajit Pai to 
visit California and hold a field hearing fol-
lowing the fires and associated power shutoffs 
in California, and many of my colleagues from 
California did the same. The Chairman agreed 
to do so at the request of Republican Leader 
KEVIN MCCARTHY. While Chairman Pai never 
visited California, learning about communica-
tions outages shouldn’t be a matter of political 
pressure. At a Hearing of the House Sub-
committee on Communications and Tech-
nology on September 17, 2020, I reissued my 
request of Chairman Pai to visit California and 
hear directly from the people impacted by the 
wildfires. 
We need to learn from every disaster, espe-
cially by listening to and learning from local 
public safety leaders, municipal, county, and 
state officials, and members of the commu-
nities impacted. This should be required. 
H.R. 5918 is critical legislation for Califor-
nians impacted by wildfires. It will also help 
those on the Gulf Coast victimized by hurri-
canes, Midwesterners who’ve had their com-
munities destroyed by tornadoes, and those in 
the Northeast who have experienced far too 
many superstorms. 
The Emergency Reporting Act is important 
legislation, and I urge my colleagues to sup-
port it. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by 
the gentleman from California (Mr. 
MCNERNEY) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5918, as 
amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as 
amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
MEASURING 
THE 
ECONOMICS 
DRIVING INVESTMENTS AND AC-
CESS FOR DIVERSITY ACT OF 
2020 
Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 5567) to amend the Commu-
nications Act of 1934 to require the 
Federal Communications Commission 
to consider market entry barriers for 
socially disadvantaged individuals in 
the communications marketplace re-
port under section 13 of such Act. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5567 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Measuring 
the Economics Driving Investments and Ac-
cess for Diversity Act of 2020’’ or the 
‘‘MEDIA Diversity Act of 2020’’. 
SEC. 2. CONSIDERING MARKET ENTRY BARRIERS 
FOR SOCIALLY DISADVANTAGED IN-
DIVIDUALS. 
Section 13(d) of the Communications Act of 
1934 (47 U.S.C. 163(d)) is amended by adding 
at the end the following: 
‘‘(4) CONSIDERING SOCIALLY DISADVANTAGED 
INDIVIDUALS.—In assessing the state of com-
petition under subsection (b)(1) and regu-
latory barriers under subsection (b)(3), the 
Commission, with the input of the Office of 
Communications Business Opportunities of 
the Commission, shall consider market entry 
barriers for socially disadvantaged individ-
uals in the communications marketplace in 
accordance with the national policy under 
section 257(b).’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from 
California (Mr. MCNERNEY) and the 
gentleman 
from 
Montana 
(Mr. 
GIANFORTE) each will control 20 min-
utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members 
may have 5 legislative days in which to 
revise and extend their remarks and in-
clude extraneous material on H.R. 5567. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-
tleman from California? 
There was no objection. 
Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support 
of H.R. 5567, the Measuring the Eco-
nomics Driving Investments and Ac-
cess for Diversity Act of 2020, or, sim-
ply, the MEDIA Diversity Act of 2020. 
This bill promotes much-needed di-
versity in the communications market-
place, and I commend Representatives 
VEASEY and LONG and their staffs for 
all their efforts towards this bipartisan 
bill. 
I also, of course, want to thank Com-
munications 
and 
Technology 
Sub-
committee Chairman MIKE DOYLE, full 
committee Chairman PALLONE, Rank-
ing Member WALDEN, and Ranking 
Member LATTA for their work in bring-
ing this bipartisan legislation to the 
floor. 
This bill requires the FCC to con-
sider, with the input of its Office of 
Communications Business Opportuni-
ties, market entry barriers for socially 
disadvantaged individuals in the com-
munications marketplace. 
When 
Representatives 
LONG
and 
VEASEY
first introduced this bill in 
January of this year, it was, of course, 
a different time. The murder of George 
Floyd has since led to protests across 
the country, highlighting decades of 
racial inequalities. 
Those inequalities exist in our com-
munications marketplace. For exam-
ple, the owners of broadcast and cable 
media outlets do not reflect our diverse 
population. These media outlets can in-
fluence people’s opinions and percep-
tions through educational, political, 
entertainment, and news programming. 
Diversity in ownership of media out-
lets helps to ensure that programming 
offers different perspectives and that 
viewers have access to programming 
that is relevant to them. 
Experts have also found that owner-
ship diversity can provide financial and 
competitive benefits. But in a con-
centrated 
communications 
market-
place, barriers for entry still exist, and 
the Federal Communications Commis-
sion is already tasked with studying 
what those barriers are. This bill sim-
ply asks the FCC to also consider mar-
ket entry barriers for socially dis-
advantaged individuals. 
Creating ownership parity to reflect 
the country’s diversity is a worthy 
goal, and this bipartisan effort is just a 
small step that can have a genuine im-
pact in identifying market entry bar-
riers. 
To be clear, there is so much more 
that we need to do, and the Energy and 
Commerce Committee, 2 weeks ago, re-
ported out two additional bills that 
also take important steps to diversify 
our media market, one of which my Re-
publican colleagues unfortunately ob-
jected to. 
I would call on my Republican col-
leagues to support those measures as 
well when they come to the floor. This 
is no time to say that our work is done. 
We must recognize that Americans 
need transformative change to meet 
this moment. 
While incremental steps are crucial, 
we must do more. These additional 
measures that were just reported by 
the committee, like this one, are mod-
est changes that will help begin the 
task of comprehensive reform. 
I am proud of the good work done by 
the members of the committee, and I 
am proud of this bill. I hope we can 
come together as a committee and as a 
Congress and do the additional work 
that is needed. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-
leagues to support the MEDIA Diver-
sity Act of 2020, and I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
b 1730 
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of H.R. 5567, the MEDIA Diversity Act, 
introduced by my friend from Missouri, 
Representative LONG. 
This legislation represents another 
step forward to uplift minority voices 
and promote media diversity. I under-
stand how important it is to serve com-
munities with local programming that 
accurately reflects a community’s pop-
ulation. 
I have also seen the media industry 
make great strides to promote diver-
sity and create new content to appeal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
07:19 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00065
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A21SE7.041
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 64-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4614 
September 21, 2020 
to communities that they serve. Many 
programs and initiatives have been es-
tablished to promote opportunities for 
women, minorities, veterans, and other 
socially disadvantaged individuals to 
participate in the media marketplace. 
Of course, the media industry is only 
one small part of the vast communica-
tions marketplace that also includes 
mobile wireless providers, online video 
distributors, fixed broadband providers, 
and so on. 
There are also new entrants in the 
tech industry who are providing addi-
tional opportunities for minorities, 
women, veterans, and underrepresented 
groups that make their voices heard. 
There is still work to do to make sure 
these voices and underserved commu-
nities are represented in traditional 
media and all other areas of the large 
communications marketplace, and this 
legislation will help. 
I am glad to support this piece of bi-
partisan legislation that will allow the 
FCC to evaluate the market barriers 
socially disadvantaged individuals face 
in the communications marketplace. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support this important legislation to 
make sure all voices are heard, and I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 
5567 promotes much needed diversity in 
the communications marketplace. As 
the Member who represents the most 
racially and ethnically diverse city in 
the country, Stockton, California, I 
want to make sure that the owners of 
broadcast and cable media outlets re-
flect our diverse population. H.R. 5567 
is a step toward achieving that goal. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support this legislation, and I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by 
the gentleman from California (Mr. 
MCNERNEY) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5567. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was 
passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
DON’T BREAK UP THE T-BAND ACT 
OF 2020 
Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 451) to repeal the section of 
the Middle Class Tax Relief and Job 
Creation Act of 2012 that requires the 
Federal Communications Commission 
to reallocate and auction the T-Band 
spectrum, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 451 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Don’t Break 
Up the T-Band Act of 2020’’. 
SEC. 2. REPEAL OF REQUIREMENT TO REALLO-
CATE AND AUCTION T-BAND SPEC-
TRUM. 
(a) REPEAL.—Section 6103 of the Middle 
Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012 
(47 U.S.C. 1413) is repealed. 
(b) CLERICAL
AMENDMENT.—The table of 
contents in section 1(b) of such Act is 
amended by striking the item relating to 
section 6103. 
SEC. 3. CLARIFYING ACCEPTABLE 9–1–1 OBLIGA-
TIONS OR EXPENDITURES. 
Section 6 of the Wireless Communications 
and Public Safety Act of 1999 (47 U.S.C. 615a– 
1) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (f)— 
(A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘as speci-
fied in the provision of State or local law 
adopting the fee or charge’’ and inserting 
‘‘consistent with the purposes and functions 
designated in the final rules issued under 
paragraph (3) as purposes and functions for 
which the obligation or expenditure of such 
a fee or charge is acceptable’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘any pur-
pose other than the purpose for which any 
such fees or charges are specified’’ and in-
serting ‘‘any purpose or function other than 
the purposes and functions designated in the 
final rules issued under paragraph (3) as pur-
poses and functions for which the obligation 
or expenditure of any such fees or charges is 
acceptable’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(3) ACCEPTABLE OBLIGATIONS OR EXPENDI-
TURES.— 
‘‘(A) RULES REQUIRED.—In order to prevent 
diversion of 9–1–1 fees or charges, the Com-
mission shall, not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this paragraph, 
issue final rules designating purposes and 
functions for which the obligation or expend-
iture of 9–1–1 fees or charges, by any State or 
taxing jurisdiction authorized to impose 
such a fee or charge, is acceptable. 
‘‘(B) PURPOSES
AND
FUNCTIONS.—The pur-
poses and functions designated under sub-
paragraph (A) shall be limited to the support 
and implementation of 9–1–1 services pro-
vided by or in the State or taxing jurisdic-
tion imposing the fee or charge and oper-
ational expenses of public safety answering 
points within such State or taxing jurisdic-
tion. In designating such purposes and func-
tions, the Commission shall consider the 
purposes and functions that States and tax-
ing jurisdictions specify as the intended pur-
poses and functions for the 9–1–1 fees or 
charges of such States and taxing jurisdic-
tions, and determine whether such purposes 
and functions directly support providing 9–1– 
1 services. 
‘‘(C) CONSULTATION
REQUIRED.—The Com-
mission shall consult with public safety or-
ganizations and States and taxing jurisdic-
tions as part of any proceeding under this 
paragraph. 
‘‘(D) DEFINITIONS.—In this paragraph: 
‘‘(i) 9–1–1 FEE OR CHARGE.—The term ‘9–1–1 
fee or charge’ means a fee or charge applica-
ble to commercial mobile services or IP-en-
abled voice services specifically designated 
by a State or taxing jurisdiction for the sup-
port or implementation of 9–1–1 services. 
‘‘(ii) 9–1–1 SERVICES.—The term ‘9–1–1 serv-
ices’ has the meaning given such term in sec-
tion 158(e) of the National Telecommuni-
cations and Information Administration Or-
ganization Act (47 U.S.C. 942(e)). 
‘‘(iii) STATE OR TAXING JURISDICTION.—The 
term ‘State or taxing jurisdiction’ means a 
State, political subdivision thereof, Indian 
Tribe, or village or regional corporation 
serving a region established pursuant to the 
Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 
U.S.C. 1601 et seq.). 
‘‘(4) PARTICIPATION.—If a State or taxing 
jurisdiction (as defined in paragraph (3)(D)) 
receives a grant under section 158 of the Na-
tional Telecommunications and Information 
Administration Organization Act (47 U.S.C. 
942) after the date of the enactment of this 
paragraph, such State or taxing jurisdiction 
shall, as a condition of receiving such grant, 
provide the information requested by the 
Commission to prepare the report required 
by paragraph (2). 
‘‘(5) PETITION REGARDING ADDITIONAL PUR-
POSES AND FUNCTIONS.— 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—A State or taxing juris-
diction (as defined in paragraph (3)(D)) may 
submit to the Commission a petition for a 
determination that an obligation or expendi-
ture of a 9–1–1 fee or charge (as defined in 
such paragraph) by such State or taxing ju-
risdiction for a purpose or function other 
than a purpose or function designated under 
paragraph (3)(A) should be treated as such a 
purpose or function. If the Commission finds 
that the State or taxing jurisdiction has pro-
vided sufficient documentation to make the 
demonstration described in subparagraph 
(B), the Commission shall grant such peti-
tion. 
‘‘(B) DEMONSTRATION DESCRIBED.—The dem-
onstration described in this subparagraph is 
a demonstration that the purpose or func-
tion— 
‘‘(i) supports public safety answering point 
functions or operations; or 
‘‘(ii) has a direct impact on the ability of 
a public safety answering point to— 
‘‘(I) receive or respond to 9–1–1 calls; or 
‘‘(II) dispatch emergency responders.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(j) SEVERABILITY CLAUSE.—If any provi-
sion of this section or the application thereof 
to any person or circumstance is held in-
valid, the remainder of this section and the 
application of such provision to other per-
sons or circumstances shall not be affected 
thereby.’’. 
SEC. 4. PROHIBITION ON 9–1–1 FEE OR CHARGE 
DIVERSION. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—If the Commission ob-
tains evidence that suggests the diversion by 
a State or taxing jurisdiction of 9–1–1 fees or 
charges, the Commission shall submit such 
information, including any information re-
garding the impact of any underfunding of 9– 
1–1 services in the State or taxing jurisdic-
tion, to the interagency strike force estab-
lished under subsection (c). 
(b) REPORT TO CONGRESS.—Beginning with 
the first report under section 6(f)(2) of the 
Wireless Communications and Public Safety 
Act of 1999 (47 U.S.C. 615a–1(f)(2)) that is re-
quired to be submitted after the date that is 
1 year after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Commission shall include in each 
report required under such section all evi-
dence that suggests the diversion by a State 
or taxing jurisdiction of 9–1–1 fees or 
charges, including any information regard-
ing the impact of any underfunding of 9–1–1 
services in the State or taxing jurisdiction. 
(c) INTERAGENCY STRIKE FORCE TO END 9–1– 
1 FEE OR CHARGE DIVERSION.— 
(1) ESTABLISHMENT.—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Commission shall establish an inter-
agency strike force to study how the Federal 
Government can most expeditiously end di-
version by a State or taxing jurisdiction of 
9–1–1 fees or charges. Such interagency 
strike force shall be known as the ‘‘Ending 9– 
1–1 Fee Diversion Now Strike Force’’ (in this 
section referred to as the ‘‘Strike Force’’). 
(2) DUTIES.—In carrying out the study 
under paragraph (1), the Strike Force shall— 
(A) determine the effectiveness of any Fed-
eral laws, including regulations, policies, 
and practices, or budgetary or jurisdictional 
constraints regarding how the Federal Gov-
ernment can most expeditiously end diver-
sion by a State or taxing jurisdiction of 9–1– 
1 fees or charges; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
08:25 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00066
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K21SE7.107
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 65-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4615 
September 21, 2020 
(B) consider whether criminal penalties 
would further prevent diversion by a State 
or taxing jurisdiction of 9–1–1 fees or 
charges; and 
(C) determine the impacts of diversion by a 
State or taxing jurisdiction of 9–1–1 fees or 
charges. 
(3) MEMBERS.—The Strike Force shall be 
composed of such representatives of Federal 
departments and agencies as the Commission 
considers appropriate, in addition to— 
(A) State attorneys general; 
(B) States or taxing jurisdictions found not 
to be engaging in diversion of 9–1–1 fees or 
charges; 
(C) States or taxing jurisdictions trying to 
stop the diversion of 9–1–1 fees or charges; 
(D) State 9–1–1 administrators; 
(E) public safety organizations; 
(F) groups representing the public and con-
sumers; and 
(G) groups representing public safety an-
swering point professionals. 
(4) REPORT TO CONGRESS.—Not later than 
270 days after the date of the enactment of 
this Act, the Strike Force shall publish on 
the website of the Commission and submit to 
the Committee on Energy and Commerce of 
the House of Representatives and the Com-
mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-
tation of the Senate a report on the findings 
of the study under this subsection, includ-
ing— 
(A) any recommendations regarding how to 
most expeditiously end the diversion by a 
State or taxing jurisdiction of 9–1–1 fees or 
charges, including actions that can be taken 
by Federal departments and agencies and ap-
propriate changes to law or regulations; and 
(B) a description of what progress, if any, 
relevant Federal departments and agencies 
have 
made 
in 
implementing 
the 
rec-
ommendations under subparagraph (A). 
(d) FAILURE TO COMPLY.—Notwithstanding 
any other provision of law, any State or tax-
ing jurisdiction identified by the Commis-
sion in the report required under section 
6(f)(2) of the Wireless Communications and 
Public Safety Act of 1999 (47 U.S.C. 615a– 
1(f)(2)) as engaging in diversion of 9–1–1 fees 
or charges shall be ineligible to participate 
or send a representative to serve on any 
committee, panel, or council established 
under section 6205(a) of the Middle Class Tax 
Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012 (47 U.S.C. 
1425(a)) or any advisory committee estab-
lished by the Commission. 
SEC. 5. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this Act, the Wireless Commu-
nications and Public Safety Act of 1999 (Pub-
lic Law 106–81), or the Communications Act 
of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 151 et seq.) shall be con-
strued to prevent a State or taxing jurisdic-
tion from requiring an annual audit of the 
books and records of a provider of 9–1–1 serv-
ices concerning the collection and remit-
tance of a 9–1–1 fee or charge. 
SEC. 6. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: 
(1) 9–1–1 FEE OR CHARGE.—The term ‘‘9–1–1 
fee or charge’’ has the meaning given such 
term in subparagraph (D) of paragraph (3) of 
section 6(f) of the Wireless Communications 
and Public Safety Act of 1999, as added by 
this Act. 
(2) 9–1–1 SERVICES.—The term ‘‘9–1–1 serv-
ices’’ has the meaning given such term in 
section 158(e) of the National Telecommuni-
cations and Information Administration Or-
ganization Act (47 U.S.C. 942(e)). 
(3) COMMISSION.—The term ‘‘Commission’’ 
means the Federal Communications Com-
mission. 
(4) 
DIVERSION.—The 
term 
‘‘diversion’’ 
means, with respect to a 9–1–1 fee or charge, 
the obligation or expenditure of such fee or 
charge for a purpose or function other than 
the purposes and functions designated in the 
final rules issued under paragraph (3) of sec-
tion 6(f) of the Wireless Communications and 
Public Safety Act of 1999, as added by this 
Act, as purposes and functions for which the 
obligation or expenditure of such a fee or 
charge is acceptable. 
(5) STATE
OR
TAXING
JURISDICTION.—The 
term ‘‘State or taxing jurisdiction’’ has the 
meaning given such term in subparagraph 
(D) of paragraph (3) of section 6(f) of the 
Wireless Communications and Public Safety 
Act of 1999, as added by this Act. 
SEC. 7. DETERMINATION OF BUDGETARY EF-
FECTS. 
The budgetary effects of this Act, for the 
purpose of complying with the Statutory 
Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010, shall be deter-
mined by reference to the latest statement 
titled ‘‘Budgetary Effects of PAYGO Legisla-
tion’’ for this Act, submitted for printing in 
the Congressional Record by the Chairman of 
the House Budget Committee, provided that 
such statement has been submitted prior to 
the vote on passage. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from 
California (Mr. MCNERNEY) and the 
gentleman 
from 
Montana 
(Mr. 
GIANFORTE) each will control 20 min-
utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members 
have 5 legislative days in which to re-
vise and extend their remarks and in-
clude extraneous material on H.R. 451. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-
tleman from California? 
There was no objection. 
Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak in sup-
port of H.R. 451. 
I am pleased that we are finally here 
on the floor considering this legislation 
to protect the public safety spectrum. 
Since the 1970s, a band of spectrum 
known as the ‘‘T-Band’’ has been uti-
lized by local and regional public safe-
ty officials, fire companies, and first 
responders. The T-Band is an indispen-
sable radio channel that creates the 
backbone of the public safety commu-
nications systems in 11 major metro 
areas across the United States. 
Yet, the T-Band is at risk because of 
a provision of the law that jeopardizes 
public safety and first responders’ abil-
ity to continue operations in that 
band. 
Unless Congress acts, the Federal 
Communications Commission is re-
quired by law to clear out the current 
T-Band users, relocate them to a dif-
ferent channel, and prepare the T-Band 
for commercial auction. This would be 
a mistake for a number of reasons. 
For starters, the cost of relocating 
every public safety T-Band user to a 
different band is roughly $5 billion to 
$6 billion, according to the Government 
Accountability Office. 
That figure is hard to justify, espe-
cially when we consider that, under the 
current law, the cost of relocating all 
those incumbent users are supposed to 
be covered by the proceeds from auc-
tioning off the T-Band for commercial 
use. 
The problem there is, even the most 
generous estimates put the potential 
T-Band auction proceeds at only $1 bil-
lion to $2 billion. Relative to other auc-
tions, that is not very much. There is 
not a lot of demand for this kind of 
spectrum in the market, which means 
taxpayers would be on the hook for the 
other $4 billion, roughly. 
But make no mistake, we have heard 
loud and clear that the T-Band is per-
fect for public safety and first re-
sponder communications. Put simply, 
the T-Band is what our public safety 
personnel are used to, they don’t want 
to lose it, and letting them continue 
operating in that band saves the tax-
payers up to $4 billion. 
With this bill, we are showing first 
responders and public safety personnel 
operating in the T-Band, who every day 
serve and protect more than 90 million 
Americans collectively, that we have 
their backs. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Rep-
resentative ENGEL, the bill’s sponsor, 
for his years of leadership and persist-
ence on this issue. I also want to thank 
Ranking Member WALDEN for working 
with us to get this bill to the floor 
today and appreciate his work to curb 
the diversion of 911 fees by States. 
This is a commonsense bill that helps 
public safety personnel across the 
country, and it will ultimately save 
the taxpayers money in the long run. I 
am glad to see this legislation move 
out of the House today on a bipartisan 
basis and look forward to its consider-
ation by the Senate and the President. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of H.R. 451, the Don’t Break Up the T- 
Band Act, as amended by the Energy 
and Commerce Committee to include 
provisions 
from 
Republican 
Leader 
Walden’s FIRST RESPONDER Act. 
Today’s legislation will allow first 
responders to retain access to a critical 
band of spectrum as they continue to 
make plans to transition mission-crit-
ical voice functions to the FirstNet 
Network. 
The bill also takes a strong stand 
against States that divert vital re-
sources away from maintaining and up-
grading their 911 systems by creating 
strong safeguards to help prevent di-
version of fees collected for 911 oper-
ations. 
Currently, States charge American 
consumers a monthly fee on their 
phone bills to support 911 services. Yet, 
some States do not use the money col-
lected from this fee to support 911. 
Rather, they use it for other State pri-
orities unrelated to providing critical 
911 services or dispatching first re-
sponders during an emergency. In some 
cases, States siphon these funds di-
rectly into their general fund, and in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
08:25 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00067
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A21SE7.042
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 66-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4616 
September 21, 2020 
other cases States use these fees for 
other public safety-type expenses that 
do not directly support 911 services. 
Those States are currently classified 
by the FCC as 911 fee diverters. 
To clarify what is considered a diver-
sion, and what is considered to support 
911 services, the bill directs the FCC to 
clarify its rules of what obligations or 
expenditures 
are 
acceptable. 
These 
rules would be crafted with input from 
States to ensure that appropriate 911 
uses are included. 
Additionally, if a State has expendi-
tures that don’t fit squarely within the 
eligible uses determined by the Com-
mission, but can provide documenta-
tion and receipts to show how those ex-
penditures support public safety an-
swering point functions and operations 
or the ability to dispatch emergency 
responders, then the States ought to 
have an opportunity to challenge the 
acceptable nature of those expenses, 
and this bill provides for that as well. 
For the States that are truly bad ac-
tors, I think we can all agree that 
those States should be held account-
able for their shameful practice of di-
verting 911 fees for programs com-
pletely unrelated to 911 services. Mis-
leading the public on something this 
important to public safety is unaccept-
able. 
To that end, this bill sets up a strike 
force of State law enforcement officers, 
public safety officials, and others to 
consider potential criminal penalties 
to end fee diversion at its source. This 
strike force would also study jurisdic-
tional, budgetary, and other barriers to 
ending diversion. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Mr. 
ENGEL
and Chairman PALLONE
for 
working with us to add this important 
language to the bill. I would also like 
to thank FCC Commissioner Michael 
O’Rielly, for his work on the issue. He 
has been a steadfast champion on try-
ing to address this issue and hold 
States accountable to the fullest ex-
tent of the law. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this 
legislation by my colleagues, and I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the mi-
nority manager, Mr. GIANFORTE, for his 
work this afternoon in managing the 
floor. 
The T-Band is what our first respond-
ers and public safety personnel are 
used to. They don’t want to lose it. And 
letting them continue in that band 
saves the taxpayers up to $4 billion. 
That is why we must pass H.R. 451. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support this legislation, and I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by 
the gentleman from California (Mr. 
MCNERNEY) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 451, as 
amended. 
The question was taken. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being 
in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 3 of House Resolution 
965, the yeas and nays are ordered. 
Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, fur-
ther proceedings on this motion are 
postponed. 
f 
NATIONAL 
CENTERS 
OF 
EXCEL-
LENCE IN CONTINUOUS PHARMA-
CEUTICAL MANUFACTURING ACT 
OF 2020 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill 
(H.R. 4866) to amend the 21st Century 
Cures Act to provide for designation of 
institutions of higher education that 
provide research, data, and leadership 
on continuous manufacturing as Na-
tional Centers of Excellence in Contin-
uous Pharmaceutical Manufacturing, 
and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4866 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Cen-
ters of Excellence in Continuous Pharmaceutical 
Manufacturing Act of 2020’’. 
SEC. 2. NATIONAL CENTERS OF EXCELLENCE IN 
CONTINUOUS 
PHARMACEUTICAL 
MANUFACTURING. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 3016 of the 21st Cen-
tury Cures Act (21 U.S.C. 399h) is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 3016. NATIONAL CENTERS OF EXCELLENCE 
IN CONTINUOUS PHARMACEUTICAL 
MANUFACTURING. 
‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Health 
and Human Services, acting through the Com-
missioner of Food and Drugs— 
‘‘(1) shall solicit and, beginning not later than 
one year after the date of enactment of the Na-
tional Centers of Excellence in Continuous 
Pharmaceutical Manufacturing Act of 2020, re-
ceive requests from institutions of higher edu-
cation to be designated as a National Center of 
Excellence in Continuous Pharmaceutical Man-
ufacturing (in this section referred to as a ‘Na-
tional Center of Excellence’) to support the ad-
vancement and development of continuous man-
ufacturing; and 
‘‘(2) shall so designate any institution of high-
er education that— 
‘‘(A) requests such designation; and 
‘‘(B) meets the criteria specified in subsection 
(c). 
‘‘(b) REQUEST
FOR DESIGNATION.—A request 
for designation under subsection (a) shall be 
made to the Secretary at such time, in such 
manner, and containing such information as the 
Secretary may require. Any such request shall 
include a description of how the institution of 
higher education meets or plans to meet each of 
the criteria specified in subsection (c). 
‘‘(c) CRITERIA FOR DESIGNATION DESCRIBED.— 
The criteria specified in this subsection with re-
spect to an institution of higher education are 
that the institution has, as of the date of the 
submission of a request under subsection (a) by 
such institution— 
‘‘(1) physical and technical capacity for re-
search and development of continuous manufac-
turing; 
‘‘(2) manufacturing knowledge-sharing net-
works with other institutions of higher edu-
cation, large and small pharmaceutical manu-
facturers, generic and nonprescription manufac-
turers, contract manufacturers, and other enti-
ties; 
‘‘(3) proven capacity to design and dem-
onstrate new, highly effective technology for use 
in continuous manufacturing; 
‘‘(4) a track record for creating and transfer-
ring knowledge with respect to continuous man-
ufacturing; 
‘‘(5) the potential to train a future workforce 
for research on and implementation of advanced 
manufacturing and continuous manufacturing; 
and 
‘‘(6) experience in participating in and lead-
ing a continuous manufacturing technology 
partnership with other institutions of higher 
education, large and small pharmaceutical man-
ufacturers, generic and nonprescription manu-
facturers, contract manufacturers, and other 
entities— 
‘‘(A) to support companies with continuous 
manufacturing in the United States; 
‘‘(B) to support Federal agencies with tech-
nical assistance, which may include regulatory 
and quality metric guidance as applicable, for 
advanced manufacturing and continuous manu-
facturing; 
‘‘(C) with respect to continuous manufac-
turing, to organize and conduct research and 
development activities needed to create new and 
more effective technology, capture and dissemi-
nate expertise, create intellectual property, and 
maintain technological leadership; 
‘‘(D) to develop best practices for designing 
continuous manufacturing; and 
‘‘(E) to assess and respond to the workforce 
needs for continuous manufacturing, including 
the development of training programs if needed. 
‘‘(d) TERMINATION OF DESIGNATION.—The Sec-
retary may terminate the designation of any Na-
tional Center of Excellence designated under 
this section if the Secretary determines such Na-
tional Center of Excellence no longer meets the 
criteria specified in subsection (c). Not later 
than 60 days before the effective date of such a 
termination, the Secretary shall provide written 
notice to the National Center of Excellence, in-
cluding the rationale for such termination. 
‘‘(e) CONDITIONS FOR DESIGNATION.—As a con-
dition of designation as a National Center of 
Excellence under this section, the Secretary 
shall require that an institution of higher edu-
cation enter into an agreement with the Sec-
retary under which the institution agrees— 
‘‘(1) to collaborate directly with the Food and 
Drug Administration to publish the reports re-
quired by subsection (g); 
‘‘(2) to share data with the Food and Drug 
Administration regarding best practices and re-
search generated through the funding under 
subsection (f); 
‘‘(3) to develop, along with industry partners 
(which may include large and small biopharma-
ceutical 
manufacturers, 
generic 
and 
non-
prescription manufacturers, and contract manu-
facturers) and another institution or institu-
tions designated under this section, if any, a 
roadmap for developing a continuous manufac-
turing workforce; 
‘‘(4) to develop, along with industry partners 
and other institutions designated under this sec-
tion, a roadmap for strengthening existing, and 
developing new, relationships with other insti-
tutions; and 
‘‘(5) to provide an annual report to the Food 
and Drug Administration regarding the institu-
tion’s activities under this section, including a 
description of how the institution continues to 
meet and make progress on the criteria listed in 
subsection (c). 
‘‘(f) FUNDING.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall award 
funding, through grants, contracts, or coopera-
tive agreements, to the National Centers of Ex-
cellence designated under this section for the 
purpose of studying and recommending improve-
ments to continuous manufacturing, including 
such improvements as may enable the Centers— 
‘‘(A) to continue to meet the conditions speci-
fied in subsection (e); and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
08:25 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00068
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\K21SE7.109
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 67-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4617 
September 21, 2020 
‘‘(B) to expand capacity for research on, and 
development of, continuing manufacturing. 
‘‘(2) CONSISTENCY
WITH
FDA
MISSION.—As a 
condition on receipt of funding under this sub-
section, a National Center of Excellence shall 
agree to consider any input from the Secretary 
regarding the use of funding that would— 
‘‘(A) help to further the advancement of con-
tinuous manufacturing through the National 
Center of Excellence; and 
‘‘(B) be relevant to the mission of the Food 
and Drug Administration. 
‘‘(3) AUTHORIZATION
OF
APPROPRIATIONS.— 
There is authorized to be appropriated to carry 
out this subsection $80,000,000 for the period of 
fiscal years 2021 through 2025. 
‘‘(4) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in this 
section shall be construed as precluding a Na-
tional Center for Excellence designated under 
this section from receiving funds under any 
other provision of this Act or any other Federal 
law. 
‘‘(g) ANNUAL REVIEW AND REPORTS.— 
‘‘(1) ANNUAL
REPORT.—Beginning not later 
than one year after the date on which the first 
designation is made under subsection (a), and 
annually thereafter, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) submit to Congress a report describing 
the activities, partnerships and collaborations, 
Federal policy recommendations, previous and 
continuing funding, and findings of, and any 
other applicable information from, the National 
Centers of Excellence designated under this sec-
tion; and 
‘‘(B) make such report available to the public 
in an easily accessible electronic format on the 
website of the Food and Drug Administration. 
‘‘(2) REVIEW OF NATIONAL CENTERS OF EXCEL-
LENCE
AND
POTENTIAL
DESIGNEES.—The Sec-
retary shall periodically review the National 
Centers of Excellence designated under this sec-
tion to ensure that such National Centers of Ex-
cellence continue to meet the criteria for des-
ignation under this section. 
‘‘(3) REPORT
ON
LONG-TERM
VISION
OF
FDA 
ROLE.—Not later than 2 years after the date on 
which the first designation is made under sub-
section (a), the Secretary, in consultation with 
the National Centers of Excellence designated 
under this section, shall submit a report to the 
Congress on the long-term vision of the Depart-
ment of Health and Human Services on the role 
of the Food and Drug Administration in sup-
porting continuous manufacturing, including— 
‘‘(A) a national framework of principles re-
lated to the implementation and regulation of 
continuous manufacturing; 
‘‘(B) a plan for the development of Federal 
regulations and guidance for how advanced 
manufacturing and continuous manufacturing 
can be incorporated into the development of 
pharmaceuticals and regulatory responsibilities 
of the Food and Drug Administration; and 
‘‘(C) appropriate feedback solicited from the 
public, which may include other institutions, 
large and small biopharmaceutical manufactur-
ers, generic and nonprescription manufacturers, 
and contract manufacturers. 
‘‘(h) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
‘‘(1) ADVANCED
MANUFACTURING.—The term 
‘advanced manufacturing’ means an approach 
for the manufacturing of pharmaceuticals that 
incorporates novel technology, or uses an estab-
lished technique or technology in a new or inno-
vative way (such as continuous manufacturing 
where the input materials are continuously 
transformed within the process by two or more 
unit operations) that enhances drug quality or 
improves the manufacturing process. 
‘‘(2) CONTINUOUS MANUFACTURING.—The term 
‘continuous manufacturing’— 
‘‘(A) means a process where the input mate-
rials are continuously fed into and transformed 
within the process, and the processed output 
materials are continuously removed from the 
system; and 
‘‘(B) consists of an integrated process that 
consists of a series of two or more unit oper-
ations. 
‘‘(3) INSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION.—The 
term ‘institution of higher education’ has the 
meaning given such term in section 101(a) of the 
Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 
1001(a)). 
‘‘(4) SECRETARY.—The term ‘Secretary’ means 
the Secretary of Health and Human Services, 
acting through the Commissioner of Food and 
Drugs.’’. 
(b) TRANSITION RULE.—Section 3016 of the 21st 
Century Cures Act (21 U.S.C. 399h), as in effect 
on the day before the date of the enactment of 
this section, shall apply with respect to grants 
awarded under such section before such date of 
enactment. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from 
Michigan (Mrs. DINGELL) and the gen-
tleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Michigan. 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members 
may have 5 legislative days in which to 
revise and extend their remarks and in-
clude extraneous material on H.R. 4866. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-
woman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, before I begin, I want to 
thank Chairman PALLONE and Ranking 
Member WALDEN for their bipartisan 
leadership on all of the legislation be-
fore us today. During this unprece-
dented public health crisis, and in spite 
of significant logistical challenges, the 
Energy and Commerce Committee has 
come together on a bipartisan basis on 
legislation to meaningfully address 
many public health issues we continue 
to face. 
I would also like to commend many 
of my fellow committee members for 
their advocacy and efforts on the legis-
lation before us today. 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to rise in 
support of H.R. 4866, the National Cen-
ters of Excellence in Continuous Phar-
maceutical Manufacturing Act. 
b 1745 
COVID–19 has made clear that the 
United States is overly reliant on for-
eign manufacturers for critical prod-
ucts like personal protective equip-
ment and pharmaceuticals. For far too 
long, we have relied on China and India 
to provide our necessary medicines and 
the ingredients needed to make them. 
In times of crisis like COVID–19, access 
to critical medicines is even more crit-
ical. 
While there are many things we must 
do to encourage drug manufacturing to 
come back to the United States, in-
vesting and supporting the use of effi-
cient, innovative technologies like con-
tinuous manufacturing hold promise. 
Continuous 
manufacturing 
allows 
manufacturers to make drugs more ef-
ficiently, thereby improving the qual-
ity of drugs while also reducing waste 
and the footprint needs that tradi-
tional drug manufacturing requires. 
FDA has been working to support in-
creased utilization of this technology 
because, as we have heard from the 
head of FDA’s drug center, Dr. Janet 
Woodcock, continuous manufacturing 
can help ‘‘increase the resilience of our 
domestic manufacturing base and re-
duce quality issues that trigger drug 
shortages or recalls.’’ 
H.R. 4866 will help support this work 
by investing in centers of excellence at 
universities that can help us to further 
improve this technology, transfer it to 
drug manufacturers, and increase its 
use and capability in the United 
States. These centers of excellence 
would also be charged with helping to 
develop a domestic workforce that 
would be able to help manufacturers 
with the adoption of continuous manu-
facturing. 
For States like mine, Michigan, cen-
ters of excellence supported by H.R. 
4866 could help to leverage our manu-
facturing expertise to support the 
growth of a new generation of drug 
manufacturers in our own backyard. 
Now more than ever, we must work 
to bring drug manufacturing home to 
ensure that our critical medicines are 
available without interruption in pub-
lic health emergencies or crises. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support this legislation, and I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of H.R. 4866, the National Centers of 
Excellence and Continuous Pharma-
ceutical Manufacturing Act introduced 
by Chairman PALLONE and Representa-
tive GUTHRIE. 
This legislation would direct the 
FDA to designate higher education in-
stitutions as national centers of excel-
lence, allowing the FDA to work with 
the centers and industry to create a 
national framework for implementa-
tion of continuous manufacturing tech-
nology. 
Last October, the Committee on En-
ergy and Commerce held a hearing on 
safeguarding the pharmaceutical sup-
ply chain. At this hearing, Dr. Janet 
Woodcock, Director of the Center for 
Drug Evaluation and Research at the 
FDA, spoke at length about the advan-
tages of advanced manufacturing tech-
nology, such as continuous manufac-
turing. 
This included the potential to reduce 
our dependence on foreign sources of 
active pharmaceutical ingredients, in-
crease our manufacturing resiliency, 
and reduce quality issues that often 
trigger drug shortages. Increased adop-
tion of these technologies could open 
the door to a revived U.S. manufac-
turing base and lower production costs, 
resulting in lower drug prices and a 
more stable drug supply. 
Given the potential this technology 
holds, I am pleased we are moving for-
ward with this bipartisan legislation to 
further advance this development. I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
08:25 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00069
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A21SE7.046
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 68-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4618 
September 21, 2020 
urge my colleagues to support this leg-
islation, and I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from 
Kentucky (Mr. GUTHRIE). 
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of H.R. 4866, the Na-
tional Centers of Excellence in Contin-
uous Pharmaceutical Manufacturing 
Act, a bill I introduced with my col-
league, Energy and Commerce Com-
mittee Chairman FRANK PALLONE. 
In 2016, I was proud to work with my 
fellow committee members on the 21st 
Century Cures Act, which included leg-
islation to issue grants for institutions 
of higher education to study the proc-
ess of continuous pharmaceutical man-
ufacturing. H.R. 4866, which we are con-
sidering today, builds on this partner-
ship established in the Cures Act. 
Continuous manufacturing for phar-
maceuticals is a new technology that 
allows for drugs to be produced in a 
continuous stream, helping drugs get 
into the market faster. This is some-
thing that has become increasingly im-
portant during the COVID–19 pan-
demic. We need to ensure that our drug 
supply chain does not depend too heav-
ily on other countries, such as China. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support H.R. 4866. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
urge adoption of this bill, and I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, it is 
time for the United States to focus on 
bringing the production back home. I 
urge my colleagues to support this leg-
islation, and I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in sup-
port of H.R. 4866, the National Centers of Ex-
cellence in Continuous Pharmaceutical Manu-
facturing Act. 
Continuous pharmaceutical manufacturing is 
the future of medicine. This bipartisan bill, 
which I introduced with Representative GUTH-
RIE last year, will foster the development of 
continuous manufacturing technology, a more 
nimble and efficient mode of pharmaceutical 
production. It does this by expanding opportu-
nities for the Food and Drug Administration 
(FDA) to partner with universities across the 
country that are leading these efforts and cre-
ate Centers of Excellence for Continuous 
Pharmaceutical Manufacturing. The partner-
ships created by the legislation will help de-
velop continuous manufacturing technology 
and standardization, develop a continuous 
manufacturing workforce here in the United 
States, and make recommendations for how 
FDA, industry, and others can expand the use 
of continuous manufacturing for drugs and bio-
logics. 
The COVID–19 pandemic has demonstrated 
how the outdated batch manufacturing proc-
ess adds to the potential for supply chain 
issues. During the initial stages of the out-
break in New Jersey, I heard from health pro-
viders in my district about their inability to ac-
cess commonly used and critically needed 
medication, including medication necessary for 
the use of ventilators, due to surges in de-
mand. H.R. 4866 will help prevent supply 
chain interruptions like these by increasing do-
mestic manufacturing and allowing manufac-
turers to more quickly adjust to sudden shifts 
in demand. 
As Dr. Janet Woodcock, the Director for the 
Center for Drug Evaluation and Research at 
FDA told the Energy and Commerce Sub-
committee on Health last year, advance manu-
facturing technologies—such as continuous 
manufacturing—can help to ‘‘reduce the Na-
tion’s dependence on foreign sources of [ac-
tive pharmaceutical ingredients], increase the 
resilience of our domestic manufacturing base, 
and reduce quality issues that trigger drug 
shortages or recalls.’’ 
In other words, by passing this bill and ex-
panding continuous manufacturing technology 
in the United States, we can avoid future drug 
shortages and other supply chain interrup-
tions, while bringing jobs back to the United 
States. This will help those on the frontlines 
battling COVID–19 and the patients who are 
depending on them. 
I want to thank Representative GUTHRIE for 
working with me on this bill and demonstrating 
the collegial and bipartisan spirit of the Energy 
and Commerce Committee. I urge all mem-
bers to support this important legislation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by 
the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. 
DINGELL) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4866, as 
amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as 
amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
STRENGTHENING 
AMERICA’S 
STRATEGIC 
NATIONAL 
STOCK-
PILE ACT OF 2020 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill 
(H.R. 7574) to amend the Public Health 
Service Act with respect to the Stra-
tegic National Stockpile, and for other 
purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 7574 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) SHORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Strengthening America’s Strategic Na-
tional Stockpile Act of 2020’’. 
(b) TABLE OF CONTENTS.—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
Sec. 2. Reimbursable transfers. 
Sec. 3. Equipment maintenance. 
Sec. 4. Supply chain flexibility manufac-
turing pilot. 
Sec. 5. GAO study on the feasibility and ben-
efits of a user fee agreement. 
Sec. 6. Grants for State strategic stockpiles. 
Sec. 7. Action reporting. 
Sec. 8. Improved, transparent processes. 
Sec. 9. Authorization of appropriations. 
SEC. 2. REIMBURSABLE TRANSFERS. 
Section 319F–2(a) of the Public Health 
Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–6b(a)) is amended 
by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(6) TRANSFERS AND REIMBURSEMENTS.— 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—Without regard to chap-
ter 5 of title 40, United States Code, the Sec-
retary may transfer to any Federal depart-
ment or agency, on a reimbursable basis, any 
drugs, vaccines and other biological prod-
ucts, medical devices, and other supplies in 
the stockpile if— 
‘‘(i) the transferred supplies are less than 
one year from expiry; 
‘‘(ii) the stockpile is able to replenish the 
supplies, as appropriate; and 
‘‘(iii) the Secretary decides the transfer is 
in the best interest of the United States Gov-
ernment. 
‘‘(B) USE OF REIMBURSEMENT.—Reimburse-
ment derived from the transfer of supplies 
pursuant to subparagraph (A) may, to the ex-
tent and in the amounts made available in 
advance in appropriations Acts, be used by 
the Secretary to carry out this section. 
Funds made available pursuant to the pre-
ceding sentence are in addition to any other 
funds that may be made available for such 
purpose. 
‘‘(C) RULE
OF
CONSTRUCTION.—This para-
graph shall not be construed to preclude 
transfers of products in the stockpile under 
other authorities. 
‘‘(D) REPORT.—Not later than September 
30, 2022, the Secretary shall submit to the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce of the 
House of Representatives and the Committee 
on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of 
the Senate a report on each transfer made 
under this paragraph and the amount re-
ceived by the Secretary in exchange for that 
transfer. 
‘‘(E) SUNSET.—The authority to make 
transfers under this paragraph shall cease to 
be effective on September 30, 2023.’’. 
SEC. 3. EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE. 
Section 319F–2 of the Public Health Service 
Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–6b) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(3)— 
(A) in subparagraph (I), by striking ‘‘; and’’ 
and inserting a semicolon; 
(B) in subparagraph (J), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; 
and 
(C) by inserting the following new subpara-
graph at the end: 
‘‘(K) ensure contents of the stockpile re-
main in good working order and, as appro-
priate, conduct maintenance services on con-
tents of the stockpile; and’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c)(7)(B), by adding at the 
end the following new clause: 
‘‘(ix) EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE SERVICE.—In 
carrying out this section, the Secretary may 
enter into contracts for the procurement of 
equipment maintenance services.’’. 
SEC. 4. SUPPLY CHAIN FLEXIBILITY MANUFAC-
TURING PILOT. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 319F–2(a)(3) of the 
Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d– 
6b(a)(3)), as amended by section 3, is further 
amended by adding at the end the following 
new subparagraph: 
‘‘(L) enhance medical supply chain elas-
ticity and establish and maintain domestic 
reserves of critical medical supplies (includ-
ing personal protective equipment, ancillary 
medical supplies, and other applicable sup-
plies required for the administration of 
drugs, vaccines and other biological prod-
ucts, and other medical devices (including 
diagnostic tests)) by— 
‘‘(i) increasing emergency stock of critical 
medical supplies; 
‘‘(ii) geographically diversifying domestic 
production of such medical supplies, as ap-
propriate; 
‘‘(iii) entering into cooperative agreements 
or partnerships with respect to manufac-
turing lines, facilities, and equipment for the 
domestic production of such medical sup-
plies; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
08:25 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00070
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K21SE7.113
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 69-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4619 
September 21, 2020 
‘‘(iv) managing, either directly or through 
cooperative agreements with manufacturers 
and distributors, domestic reserves estab-
lished under this subparagraph by refreshing 
and replenishing stock of such medical sup-
plies.’’. 
(b) REPORTING; SUNSET.—Section 319F–2(a) 
of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 
247d–6b(a)), as amended by section 2, is fur-
ther amended by adding at the end the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(7) REPORTING.—Not later than September 
30, 2022, the Secretary shall submit to the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce of the 
House of Representatives and the Committee 
on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions of 
the Senate a report on the details of each co-
operative agreement or partnership entered 
into under paragraph (3)(L), including the 
amount expended by the Secretary on each 
such cooperative agreement or partnership. 
‘‘(8) SUNSET.—The authority to enter into 
cooperative agreements or partnerships pur-
suant to paragraph (3)(L) shall cease to be ef-
fective on September 30, 2023.’’. 
(c) FUNDING.—Section 319F–2(f) of the Pub-
lic Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–6b(f)) is 
amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(3) SUPPLY CHAIN ELASTICITY.— 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—For the purpose of car-
rying out subsection (a)(3)(L), there is au-
thorized to be appropriated $500,000,000 for 
each of fiscal years 2021 through 2023, to re-
main available until expended. 
‘‘(B) RELATION
TO
OTHER
AMOUNTS.—The 
amount authorized to be appropriated by 
subparagraph (A) for the purpose of carrying 
out subsection (a)(3)(L) is in addition to any 
other amounts available for such purpose.’’. 
SEC. 5. GAO STUDY ON THE FEASIBILITY AND 
BENEFITS OF A USER FEE AGREE-
MENT. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Comptroller General 
of the United States shall conduct a study to 
investigate the feasibility of establishing 
user fees to offset certain Federal costs at-
tributable to the procurement of single- 
source materials for the Strategic National 
Stockpile under section 319F–2 of the Public 
Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–6b) and 
distributions of such materials from the 
Stockpile. In conducting this study, the 
Comptroller General shall consider, to the 
extent information is available— 
(1) whether entities receiving such dis-
tributions generate profits from those dis-
tributions; 
(2) any Federal costs attributable to such 
distributions; 
(3) whether such user fees would provide 
the Secretary with funding to potentially 
offset procurement costs of such materials 
for the Strategic National Stockpile; and 
(4) any other issues the Comptroller Gen-
eral identifies as relevant. 
(b) REPORT.—Not later than February 1, 
2023, the Comptroller General of the United 
States shall submit to the Congress a report 
on the findings and conclusions of the study 
under subsection (a). 
SEC. 6. GRANTS FOR STATE STRATEGIC STOCK-
PILES. 
Title III of the Public Health Service Act 
is amended by inserting after section 319F–4 
of such Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–6e) the following 
new section: 
‘‘SEC. 319F–5. GRANTS FOR STATE STRATEGIC 
STOCKPILES. 
‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary may es-
tablish a pilot program consisting of award-
ing grants to States to expand or maintain a 
strategic stockpile of commercially avail-
able 
drugs, 
devices, 
personal 
protective 
equipment, and other products deemed by 
the State to be essential in the event of a 
public health emergency. 
‘‘(b) ALLOWABLE USE OF FUNDS.— 
‘‘(1) USES.—A State receiving a grant 
under this section may use the grant funds 
to— 
‘‘(A) acquire commercially available prod-
ucts listed pursuant to paragraph (2) for in-
clusion in the State’s strategic stockpile; 
‘‘(B) store, maintain, and distribute prod-
ucts in such stockpile; and 
‘‘(C) conduct planning in connection with 
such activities. 
‘‘(2) LIST.—The Secretary shall develop and 
publish a list of the products that are eligi-
ble, as described in subsection (a), for inclu-
sion in a State’s strategic stockpile using 
funds received under this section. 
‘‘(3) CONSULTATION.—In developing the list 
under paragraph (2) and otherwise deter-
mining the allowable uses of grant funds 
under this section, the Secretary shall con-
sult with States and relevant stakeholders, 
including public health organizations. 
‘‘(c) 
FUNDING
REQUIREMENT.—The 
Sec-
retary may not obligate or expend any funds 
to award grants or fund any previously 
awarded grants under this section for a fiscal 
year unless the total amount made available 
to carry out section 319F–2 for such fiscal 
year is equal to or greater than the total 
amount of funds made available to carry out 
section 319F–2 for fiscal year 2020. 
‘‘(d) MATCHING FUNDS.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—With respect to the costs 
of expanding and maintaining a strategic 
stockpile through a grant under this section, 
as a condition on receipt of the grant, a 
State shall make available (directly) non- 
Federal contributions in cash toward such 
costs in an amount that is equal to not less 
than the amount of Federal funds provided 
through the grant. 
‘‘(2) WAIVER.—The Secretary may waive 
the requirement of paragraph (1) with re-
spect to a State for the first two years of the 
State receiving a grant under this section if 
the Secretary determines that such waiver is 
needed for the State to establish a strategic 
stockpile described in subsection (a). 
‘‘(e) 
TECHNICAL
ASSISTANCE.—The 
Sec-
retary shall provide technical assistance to 
States in establishing, expanding, and main-
taining a stockpile described in subsection 
(a). 
‘‘(f) DEFINITION.—In this section, the term 
‘drug’ has the meaning given to that term in 
section 201 of the Federal Food, Drug, and 
Cosmetic Act. 
‘‘(g) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.— 
To carry out this section, there is authorized 
to be appropriated $3,500,000,000 for each of 
fiscal years 2021 through 2023, to remain 
available until expended. 
‘‘(h) SUNSET.—The authority vested by this 
section terminates at the end of fiscal year 
2023.’’. 
SEC. 7. ACTION REPORTING. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Health 
and Human Services or the Assistant Sec-
retary for Preparedness and Response, in 
consultation with the Administrator of the 
Federal Emergency Management Agency, 
shall— 
(1) not later than 30 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, issue a report to the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce of the 
House of Representatives and the Committee 
on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of 
the Senate regarding all State, local, Tribal, 
and territorial requests for supplies from the 
Strategic National Stockpile related to 
COVID–19; and 
(2) not less than every 30 days thereafter 
through the end of the emergency period (as 
such term is defined in section 1135(g)(1)(B) 
of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1320b– 
5(g)(1)(B))), submit to such committees an 
updated version of such report. 
(b) REPORTING PERIOD.— 
(1) INITIAL
REPORT.—The initial report 
under subsection (a) shall address all re-
quests described in such subsection made 
during the period— 
(A) beginning on January 31, 2020; and 
(B) ending on the date that is 30 days be-
fore the date of submission of the report. 
(2) UPDATES.—Each update to the report 
under subsection (a) shall address all re-
quests described in such subsection made 
during the period— 
(A) beginning at the end of the previous re-
porting period under this section; and 
(B) ending on the date that is 30 days be-
fore the date of submission of the updated re-
port. 
(c) 
CONTENTS
OF
REPORT.—The 
report 
under subsection (a) (and updates thereto) 
shall include— 
(1) the details of each request described in 
such subsection, including— 
(A) the specific medical countermeasures, 
devices, personal protective equipment, and 
other materials requested; and 
(B) the amount of such materials re-
quested; and 
(2) the outcomes of each request described 
in subsection (a), including— 
(A) whether the request was wholly ful-
filled, partially fulfilled, or denied; 
(B) if the request was wholly or partially 
fulfilled, the fulfillment amount; and 
(C) if the request was partially fulfilled or 
denied, a rationale for such outcome. 
SEC. 8. IMPROVED, TRANSPARENT PROCESSES. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than January 1, 
2021, the Secretary of Health and Human 
Services shall develop and implement im-
proved, transparent processes for the use and 
distribution of drugs, vaccines and other bio-
logical products, medical devices, and other 
supplies 
(including 
personal 
protective 
equipment, ancillary medical supplies, and 
other applicable supplies required for the ad-
ministration of drugs, vaccines and other bi-
ological products, medical devices, and diag-
nostic tests) in the Strategic National 
Stockpile under section 319F–2 of the Public 
Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–6b) (in 
this section referred to as the ‘‘Stockpile’’). 
(b) PROCESSES.—The processes developed 
under subsection (a) shall include— 
(1) the form and manner in which States, 
localities, Tribes, and territories are re-
quired to submit requests for supplies from 
the Stockpile; 
(2) the criteria used by the Secretary of 
Health and Human Services in responding to 
such requests, including the reasons for ful-
filling or denying such requests; 
(3) 
what 
circumstances 
result 
in 
prioritization of distribution of supplies 
from the Stockpile to States, localities, 
Tribes, or territories; 
(4) clear plans for future, urgent commu-
nication between the Secretary and States, 
localities, Tribes, and territories regarding 
the outcome of such requests; and 
(5) any differences in the processes devel-
oped under subsection (a) for geographically 
related emergencies, such as weather events, 
and 
national 
emergencies, 
such 
as 
pandemics. 
(c) CLASSIFICATION.—The processes devel-
oped under subsection (a) shall be unclassi-
fied to the greatest extent possible con-
sistent with national security. The Sec-
retary of Health and Human Services may 
classify portions of such processes as nec-
essary to protect national security. 
(d) REPORT TO CONGRESS.—Not later than 
January 1, 2021, the Secretary of Health and 
Human Services shall— 
(1) submit a report to the Committee on 
Energy and Commerce of the House of Rep-
resentatives and the Committee on Health, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
08:25 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00071
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A21SE7.040
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 70-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4620 
September 21, 2020 
Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Sen-
ate regarding the improved, transparent 
processes developed under this section; 
(2) include in such report recommendations 
for opportunities for communication (by 
telebriefing, phone calls, or in-person meet-
ings) between the Secretary and States, lo-
calities, Tribes, and territories regarding 
such improved, transparent processes; and 
(3) submit such report in unclassified form 
to the greatest extent possible, except that 
the Secretary may include a classified ap-
pendix if necessary to protect national secu-
rity. 
SEC. 9. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 319F–2(f)(1) of the Public Health 
Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d-6b(f)(1)) is amend-
ed by striking ‘‘$610,000,000 for each of fiscal 
years 2019 through 2023’’ and inserting 
‘‘$705,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2021 
through 2023’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from 
Michigan (Mrs. DINGELL) and the gen-
tleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Michigan. 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members 
may have 5 legislative days in which to 
revise and extend their remarks and in-
clude extraneous material on H.R. 7574. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-
woman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support 
of the Strengthening America’s Stra-
tegic National Stockpile Act of 2020. 
This legislation incorporates a num-
ber of provisions to modernize the 
Strategic National Stockpile and to 
ensure that we are adequately prepared 
for future public health emergencies. 
The current COVID–19 pandemic has 
shown the importance of ensuring that 
the United States has adequate manu-
facturing capacity and stockpiles of 
PPE and other medical equipment so 
that America’s first responders and 
healthcare workers are prepared for 
public health emergencies. 
In the early days of the pandemic, 
our frontline healthcare workers were 
forced to rely on deficient equipment 
from overseas manufacturers or ex-
pired equipment in the existing Stra-
tegic National Stockpile. 
Even today, after months of efforts 
at the Federal, State, and local levels, 
we continue to face concerning defi-
ciencies in PPE and other lifesaving 
medical equipment. 
We must make robust long-term in-
vestments in our Nation’s Strategic 
National Stockpile and manufacturing 
capability to better respond to future 
public health emergencies. 
The Strengthening America’s Stra-
tegic National Stockpile Act meets 
this need by increasing the annual au-
thorization of the SNS to $705 million. 
This will allow the Federal Govern-
ment to direct appropriate resources 
toward future emergencies. 
The legislation will also allow the 
SNS to refresh and replenish stocks of 
critical manufacturing supplies before 
they are expired. 
It also includes a provision my col-
league 
Congresswoman 
JACKIE 
WALORSKI and I authored to create in-
centives to geographically diversify 
production of medical supplies and 
allow the SNS the flexibility to enter 
into leasing or joint ventures with 
manufacturers to quickly scale up pro-
duction if needed. 
The Strengthening America’s Stra-
tegic National Stockpile Act is the cul-
mination of months of bipartisan work, 
and I thank Congresswoman SLOTKIN, 
my colleagues on the Energy and Com-
merce Committee, as well as both 
Democrat and Republican committee 
staff for their efforts. 
Mr. 
Speaker, 
the 
Strengthening 
America’s Strategic National Stock-
pile Act is vital to both our public 
health and national security. I urge my 
colleagues to support this legislation, 
and I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE, 
Washington, DC, September 21, 2020. 
Hon. CAROLYN B. MALONEY, 
Chairwoman, Committee on Oversight and Re-
form, Washington, DC. 
DEAR CHAIRWOMAN MALONEY: I am writing 
concerning H.R. 7574, the ‘‘Strengthening 
America’s Strategic National Stockpile Act 
of 2020,’’ which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Energy and Commerce on July 13, 
2020. 
I appreciate you not seeking a sequential 
referral of H.R. 7574 so that the bill may be 
considered expeditiously. I acknowledge that 
forgoing your referral claim does not waive, 
reduce, or otherwise affect the jurisdiction of 
the Committee on Oversight and Reform 
over this legislation, or any appropriate leg-
islation. I will appropriately consult and in-
volve the Committee on Oversight and Re-
form as this bill progresses. I would support 
your effort to seek appointment of an appro-
priate number of conferees from your com-
mittee to any House-Senate conference on 
this legislation. 
I will ensure our letters on H.R. 7574 are 
entered into the Congressional Record dur-
ing floor consideration of the bill. I appre-
ciate your cooperation regarding this legis-
lation and look forward to continuing to 
work 
together 
as 
this 
measure 
moves 
through the legislative process. 
Sincerely, 
FRANK PALLONE, JR., 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
COMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND REFORM, 
Washington, DC, September 21, 2020. 
Hon. FRANK PALLONE, 
Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
DEAR CHAIRMAN PALLONE: I am writing to 
you concerning H.R. 7574, the Strengthening 
America’s Strategic National Stockpile Act 
of 2020. There are certain provisions in the 
legislation which fall within the Rule X ju-
risdiction of the Committee on Oversight 
and Reform. 
In the interest of permitting your Com-
mittee to proceed expeditiously on this bill, 
I am willing to waive this Committee’s right 
to sequential referral. I do so with the under-
standing that by waiving consideration of 
the bill, the Committee on Oversight and Re-
form does not waive any future jurisdic-
tional claim over the subject matters con-
tained in the bill which fall within its Rule 
X jurisdiction. I request that you urge the 
Speaker to name Members of this Committee 
to any conference committee which is named 
to consider such provisions. 
Please place this letter into the Congres-
sional Record during consideration of the 
measure on the House floor. Thank you for 
the cooperative spirit in which you have 
worked regarding this matter and others be-
tween our respective Committees. 
Sincerely, 
CAROLYN B. MALONEY, 
Chairwoman. 
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of H.R. 7574, the Strengthening Amer-
ica’s Strategic National Stockpile Act, 
which was introduced by Representa-
tives SLOTKIN and BROOKS. 
The legislation that I cosponsored 
along with a long bipartisan list of oth-
ers is a combination of bills to improve 
the Strategic National Stockpile, or 
SNS. 
This includes allowing the SNS to 
sell off products in the stockpile before 
their expiration so that they could be 
used. 
It directs the Secretary of Health and 
Human Services to examine user fee 
agreements, improve maintenance of 
the stockpile, and allowing for agree-
ments with domestic producers of sup-
plies to improve the supply chain to re-
fresh and replenish existing stocks. 
It also directs the Federal Emer-
gency Management Agency and the 
Centers for Disease Control to report 
on distributions from the stockpile, as 
well as requests for supplies from 
State, local, Tribal, and territorial 
agencies. It would authorize a pilot 
program for establishing State stock-
piles and increase the Strategic Na-
tional Stockpile funding authorization 
to $705 million. 
We need to ensure our country is pre-
pared to deal with whatever health cri-
sis it faces, no matter if it is disease, 
disaster, or terrorism. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bipartisan legislation to refill and im-
prove the Strategic National Stock-
pile. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this 
important legislation, and I yield back 
the balance of my time. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I urge 
my colleagues to support this legisla-
tion, and I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by 
the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. 
DINGELL) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 7574, as 
amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as 
amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
SCARLETT’S SUNSHINE ON 
SUDDEN UNEXPECTED DEATH ACT 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
08:25 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00072
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A21SE7.040
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 71-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4621 
September 21, 2020 
(H.R. 2271) to amend the Public Health 
Service Act to improve the health of 
children and help better understand 
and enhance awareness about unex-
pected sudden death in early life, as 
amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2271 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Scarlett’s Sun-
shine on Sudden Unexpected Death Act’’. 
SEC. 2. ADDRESSING SUDDEN UNEXPECTED IN-
FANT DEATH AND SUDDEN UNEX-
PECTED DEATH IN CHILDHOOD. 
Part B of title XI of the Public Health Service 
Act (42 U.S.C. 241 et seq.) is amended— 
(1) in the part heading, by striking ‘‘SUDDEN 
INFANT DEATH SYNDROME’’ and inserting ‘‘SUD-
DEN UNEXPECTED INFANT DEATH, SUDDEN IN-
FANT DEATH SYNDROME, AND SUDDEN UNEX-
PECTED DEATH IN CHILDHOOD’’; and 
(2) by inserting before section 1122 the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 1121. ADDRESSING SUDDEN UNEXPECTED 
INFANT DEATH AND SUDDEN UNEX-
PECTED DEATH IN CHILDHOOD. 
‘‘(a) IN
GENERAL.—The Secretary may de-
velop, support, or maintain programs or activi-
ties to address sudden unexpected infant death 
and sudden unexpected death in childhood, in-
cluding by— 
‘‘(1) continuing to support the Sudden Unex-
pected Infant Death and Sudden Death in the 
Young Case Registry of the Centers for Disease 
Control and Prevention and other fatality case 
reporting systems that include data pertaining 
to sudden unexpected infant death and sudden 
unexpected death in childhood, as appropriate, 
including such systems supported by the Health 
Resources and Services Administration, in order 
to— 
‘‘(A) increase the number of States and juris-
dictions participating in such systems; or 
‘‘(B) improve the utility of such systems, 
which may include— 
‘‘(i) making summary data available to the 
public in a timely manner on the internet 
website of the Department of Health and 
Human Services, in a manner that, at a min-
imum, protects personal privacy to the extent re-
quired by applicable Federal and State law; and 
‘‘(ii) making the data submitted to such sys-
tems available to researchers, in a manner that, 
at a minimum, protects personal privacy to the 
extent required by applicable Federal and State 
law; and 
‘‘(2) awarding grants or cooperative agree-
ments to States, Indian Tribes, and Tribal orga-
nizations for purposes of— 
‘‘(A) supporting fetal and infant mortality 
and child death review programs for sudden un-
expected infant death and sudden unexpected 
death in childhood, including by establishing 
such programs at the local level; 
‘‘(B) improving data collection related to sud-
den unexpected infant death and sudden unex-
pected death in childhood, including by— 
‘‘(i) improving the completion of death scene 
investigations and comprehensive autopsies that 
include a review of clinical history and cir-
cumstances of death with appropriate ancillary 
testing; and 
‘‘(ii) training medical examiners, coroners, 
death scene investigators, law enforcement per-
sonnel, emergency medical technicians, para-
medics, emergency department personnel, and 
others who perform death scene investigations 
with respect to the deaths of infants and chil-
dren, as appropriate; 
‘‘(C) 
identifying, 
developing, 
and 
imple-
menting best practices to reduce or prevent sud-
den unexpected infant death and sudden unex-
pected death in childhood, including practices 
to reduce sleep-related infant deaths; 
‘‘(D) increasing the voluntary inclusion, in 
fatality case reporting systems established for 
the purpose of conducting research on sudden 
unexpected infant death and sudden unexpected 
death in childhood, of samples of tissues or ge-
netic materials from autopsies that have been 
collected pursuant to Federal or State law; or 
‘‘(E) disseminating information and materials 
to health care professionals and the public on 
risk factors that contribute to sudden unex-
pected infant death and sudden unexpected 
death in childhood, which may include informa-
tion on risk factors that contribute to sleep-re-
lated sudden unexpected infant death or sudden 
unexpected death in childhood. 
‘‘(b) APPLICATION.—To be eligible to receive a 
grant or cooperative agreement under subsection 
(a)(2), a State, Indian Tribe, or Tribal organiza-
tion shall submit to the Secretary an application 
at such time, in such manner, and containing 
such information as the Secretary may require, 
including information on how such State will 
ensure activities conducted under this section 
are coordinated with other federally-funded 
programs to reduce infant mortality, as appro-
priate. 
‘‘(c) TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE.—The Secretary 
shall provide technical assistance to States, 
Tribes, and Tribal organizations receiving a 
grant or cooperative agreement under subsection 
(a)(2) for purposes of carrying out activities 
funded through the grant or cooperative agree-
ment. 
‘‘(d) REPORTING FORMS.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall, as ap-
propriate, encourage the use of sudden unex-
pected infant death and sudden unexpected 
death in childhood reporting forms developed in 
collaboration with the Centers for Disease Con-
trol and Prevention to improve the quality of 
data submitted to the Sudden Unexpected In-
fant Death and Sudden Death in the Young 
Case Registry, and other fatality case reporting 
systems that include data pertaining to sudden 
unexpected infant death and sudden unexpected 
death in childhood. 
‘‘(2) UPDATE OF FORMS.—The Secretary shall 
assess whether updates are needed to the sud-
den unexpected infant death investigation re-
porting form used by the Centers for Disease 
Control and Prevention in order to improve the 
use of such form with other fatality case report-
ing systems supported by the Department of 
Health and Human Services, and shall make 
such updates as appropriate. 
‘‘(e) SUPPORT SERVICES.— 
‘‘(1) IN
GENERAL.—The Secretary, acting 
through the Administrator, shall award grants 
to national organizations, State and local 
health departments, community-based organiza-
tions, and nonprofit organizations for the provi-
sion of support services to families who have 
had a child die of sudden unexpected infant 
death or sudden unexpected death in childhood. 
‘‘(2) APPLICATION.—To be eligible to receive a 
grant under subsection (1), an entity shall sub-
mit to the Secretary an application at such time, 
in such manner, and containing such informa-
tion as the Secretary may require. 
‘‘(3) USE OF FUNDS.—Amounts received under 
a grant awarded under paragraph (1) may be 
used— 
‘‘(A) to provide grief counseling, education, 
home visits, 24-hour hotlines, or information, re-
sources, and referrals; 
‘‘(B) to ensure access to grief and bereavement 
services; 
‘‘(C) to build capacity in professionals work-
ing with families who experience a sudden 
death; or 
‘‘(D) to support peer-to-peer groups for fami-
lies who have lost a child to sudden unexpected 
infant death or sudden unexpected death in 
childhood. 
‘‘(4) PREFERENCE.—In awarding grants under 
paragraph (1), the Secretary shall give pref-
erence to applicants that— 
‘‘(A) have a proven history of effective direct 
support services and interventions for sudden 
unexpected infant death and sudden unex-
plained death in childhood; and 
‘‘(B) demonstrate experience through collabo-
rations and partnerships for delivering services 
described in paragraph (3). 
‘‘(f) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
‘‘(1) SUDDEN UNEXPECTED INFANT DEATH.—The 
term ‘sudden unexpected infant death’— 
‘‘(A) means the sudden death of an infant 
under 1 year of age that when first discovered 
did not have an obvious cause; and 
‘‘(B) includes— 
‘‘(i) such deaths that are explained; and 
‘‘(ii) such deaths that remain unexplained 
(which are known as sudden infant death syn-
drome). 
‘‘(2) SUDDEN
UNEXPECTED
DEATH
IN
CHILD-
HOOD.—The term ‘sudden unexpected death in 
childhood’— 
‘‘(A) means the sudden death of a child who 
is at least 1 year of age but not more than 17 
years of age that, when first discovered, did not 
have an obvious cause; and 
‘‘(B) includes— 
‘‘(i) such deaths that are explained; and 
‘‘(ii) such deaths that remain unexplained 
(which are known as sudden unexplained death 
in childhood). 
‘‘(3) SUDDEN
UNEXPLAINED
DEATH
IN
CHILD-
HOOD.—The term ‘sudden unexplained death in 
childhood’ means a sudden unexpected death in 
childhood that remains unexplained after a 
thorough case investigation. 
‘‘(g) AUTHORIZATION
OF
APPROPRIATIONS.— 
For the purpose of carrying out this section, 
there 
is 
authorized 
to 
be 
appropriated 
$33,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2021 through 
2024.’’. 
SEC. 3. REPORT TO CONGRESS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 2 years after 
the date of enactment of this Act, and bienni-
ally thereafter, the Secretary of Health and 
Human Services shall submit to the Committee 
on Energy and Commerce of the House of Rep-
resentatives and the Committee on Health, Edu-
cation, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate a re-
port that contains, with respect to the reporting 
period— 
(1) information regarding the incidence and 
number of sudden unexpected infant deaths and 
sudden unexpected deaths in childhood (includ-
ing the number of such infant and child deaths 
that remain unexplained after investigation), 
including, to the extent practicable— 
(A) a summary of such information by racial 
and ethnic group, and by State; 
(B) aggregate information obtained from 
death scene investigations and autopsies; and 
(C) recommendations for reducing the inci-
dence of sudden unexpected infant death and 
sudden unexpected death in childhood; 
(2) an assessment of the extent to which var-
ious approaches of reducing and preventing 
sudden unexpected infant death and sudden 
unexpected death in childhood have been effec-
tive; and 
(3) a description of the activities carried out 
under section 1121 of the Public Health Service 
Act (as added by section 2). 
(b) DEFINITIONS.—In this section, the terms 
‘‘sudden unexpected infant death’’ and ‘‘sudden 
unexpected death in childhood’’ have the mean-
ings given such terms in section 1121 of the Pub-
lic Health Service Act (as added by section 2). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from 
Michigan (Mrs. DINGELL) and the gen-
tleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Michigan. 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
08:43 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00073
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K21SE7.117
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 72-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4622 
September 21, 2020 
may have 5 legislative days within 
which to revise and extend their re-
marks and include extraneous material 
on H.R. 2271. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-
woman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support 
of H.R. 2271, the Scarlett’s Sunshine on 
Sudden Unexpected Death Act. 
This bipartisan legislation would ad-
dress the longstanding tragedies of sud-
den unexpected infant deaths and sud-
den unexplained death in childhood, 
which collectively cost thousands of 
lives each year and result in heart-
break that no parent should ever have 
to experience. 
Every year, about 3,500 babies die 
suddenly 
and 
unexpectedly 
in 
the 
United States before reaching their 
first birthday, a category of deaths 
known as sudden unexpected infant 
deaths. 
b 1800 
Additionally, approximately 400 chil-
dren between the ages of 1 and 18 also 
die unexpectedly from sudden unex-
plained death in childhood. 
More research into the causes of 
SUDC and SUID is needed, and this leg-
islation will redouble our efforts to 
better understand these tragedies and 
prevent future deaths. 
Scarlett’s Sunshine on Unexpected 
Death Act will establish grants to na-
tional and State organizations, as well 
as nonprofits, to improve data collec-
tion related to these deaths. 
The legislation will also provide ad-
ditional resources to increase edu-
cation about safe sleep practices for 
children and infants, as well as author-
izing funding to ensure death reviews 
are completed for all infant and child 
deaths. 
It will provide support services for 
grieving families who are impacted by 
these tragedies. 
Mr. Speaker, improving data collec-
tion and analysis of SUDC and SUID is 
a critical step in helping us understand 
and prevent these tragedies and ensure 
that no parent has to live with the pain 
that comes with losing a child. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank Representatives 
MOORE, COLE, and HERRERA BEUTLER 
for leading this legislation and their 
years of advocacy and efforts on this 
issue. 
Mr. Speaker, I also acknowledge 
Stephanie Zarecky. This legislation is 
named after her daughter, Scarlett, 
who tragically passed as a result of 
SUDC, and we wouldn’t be here today 
without her leadership and pushing for 
action. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support this legislation, and I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of H.R. 2271, Scarlett’s Sunshine on 
Sudden Unexpected Death Act, which 
was 
introduced 
by 
Representatives 
MOORE, COLE, HERRERA BEUTLER, and 
others. 
The mother of Scarlett Pauley, the 
namesake for this bill, told her heart-
breaking story to our committee back 
in January on the third anniversary of 
her daughter’s death. 
No parent should have to find their 
child dead, and especially of unknown 
causes. 
This legislation would create grant 
programs at the Centers for Disease 
Control to State and local agencies and 
nonprofits to address sudden unex-
pected infant and childhood deaths. 
These grants would support efforts to 
standardize investigations into these 
deaths to better understand the med-
ical causes that trigger these tragic 
deaths. 
With permission of the families, 
these grants would also support genetic 
testing to research the causes of death. 
Finally, the bill requires the Depart-
ment of Health and Human Services to 
help States and local governments re-
view 100 percent of all infant and child 
deaths and enter such reviews into a 
national reporting system to help 
health researchers combat these trage-
dies. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this 
important legislation, and I yield back 
the balance of my time. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, if we 
can in any way prevent parents from 
going through this horrific experience, 
we have an obligation to do so. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support this legislation, and I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
express my strong support for H.R. 2271, the 
Scarlett’s Sunshine on Unexpected Death Act. 
This legislation is critical to improving our un-
derstanding of sudden unexpected infant 
death. 
Tragically, sudden unexpected infant death 
is the leading cause of death for infants from 
one month to one year of age. 
As we discuss the Scarlett’s Sunshine on 
Unexpected Death Act, I want to recognize all 
the parents who have turned their unimagi-
nable grief into progress and whom I have had 
the 
immense 
pleasure 
of 
working 
with 
throughout the years. 
This effort would not have been possible 
without parents like Laura Crandel, who trag-
ically lost her daughter Maria, and John Kahan 
who lost his son Aaron to sudden unexpected 
infant death. 
I have been working on the issue of sudden 
unexplained infant death and sudden unex-
plained death in childhood for years now. In 
2014, I was fortunate enough to stand shoul-
der to shoulder with courageous moms like 
Laura as President Obama signed the Sudden 
Unexpected Death Data Enhancement and 
Awareness Act into law. 
Today’s bill builds upon these longstanding 
efforts by further strengthening our existing 
understanding of sudden unexpected deaths 
in infants and children, facilitating greater data 
collection and analysis to improve prevention 
efforts, and supporting grieving parents and 
families who have lost their son or daughter. 
This bill takes a comprehensive approach to 
addressing one of the most tragic issues fac-
ing families today, and will help develop and 
deploy critical services to support them in their 
time of need. I am proud of the efforts in this 
bill to not only further the science but also 
support the families who have been impacted. 
While nothing can cure their pain, these pro-
grams will support families in their darkest 
hours. 
I will continue to work on this issue until no 
more parents lose their child to SIDS, and I 
urge my colleagues to support this critical leg-
islation. 
Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong 
support of the Scarlett’s Sunshine on Sudden 
Unexpected Death Act. 
I thank Chairman PALLONE, Ranking Mem-
ber 
WALDEN, 
Subcommittee 
Chairwoman 
ESHOO, Subcommittee Ranking Member Dr. 
BURGESS, 
Congresswoman 
KUSTER, 
Con-
gressman TOM COLE, Congresswoman JAMIE 
HERRERA
BEUTLER, 
Congressman 
JOSH 
GOTTHEIMER and so many others who have 
heard the cries of hurting families that have 
experienced the tragic death of a child, often 
unexpected and without explanation. 
I want to thank the advocates, like John 
Kahan, Judy Rainey, Stephanie Zarecky, 
Shelia Murphy, who have worked hard to help 
get this bill to the floor. 
This bill is named after one of those chil-
dren—Scarlett 
Lillian 
Pauley, 
Stephanie’s 
daughter—who left this earth too soon. It is 
also a story about her family—her mom and 
her dad (and now her little sister) who took 
their personal pain and used it to begin to ad-
vocate to help prevent other families from hav-
ing to go through what they did. 
January 8, 2017 is a day that Scarlett’s fam-
ily will never forget. To this day, her family 
does not know what took Scarlett from them. 
But I hope that September 21, 2020 is also a 
day they or other families that have gone 
through this gut-wrenching experience will 
never forget. It’s the day when this House 
stepped up to the plate to help ensure that 
their pain and loss was not in vain. 
The statistics tell us that thousands of fami-
lies experienced the unexpected death of an 
infant or child each year, with SIDS just one 
in this category. But we must never forget that 
this is not just about statistics. 
It’s about the real families, the real tears 
that have been shed, the real frustration when 
they can’t get an answer for why even years 
after the death, and the real fear that lives 
with them. 
I remember sitting down with Scarlett’s 
mom, Stephanie, earlier this year after she 
had the privilege of sharing her story before 
the Energy and Commerce Health sub-
committee. She and her husband have a little 
girl—I think she is 18 months or so—and I 
asked her if she still lived in fear that the 
same thing would happen again—and the an-
swer was yes. 
So today, we honor Scarlett and the others 
who lost their lives way too soon by passing 
this bill to strengthen existing programs to help 
get answers. To improve training so that these 
deaths are investigated thoroughly and uni-
formly across the country. Without knowing 
why, we can’t act to stop these deaths. 
I thank everyone who worked to help get us 
to this day and I urge my colleagues to vote 
Yes on this bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
08:43 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00074
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K21SE7.118
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 73-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4623 
September 21, 2020 
the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. 
DINGELL) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2271, as 
amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as 
amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
MATERNAL HEALTH QUALITY 
IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2020 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill 
(H.R. 4995) to amend the Public Health 
Service Act to improve obstetric care 
and maternal health outcomes, and for 
other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4995 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Maternal 
Health Quality Improvement Act of 2020’’. 
SEC. 2. INNOVATION FOR MATERNAL HEALTH. 
Part D of title III of the Public Health 
Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254b et seq.) is amend-
ed— 
(1) in the section designation of section 
330M of such Act (42 U.S.C. 254c–19) by insert-
ing a period after ‘‘330M’’; and 
(2) by inserting after section 330M of such 
Act (42 U.S.C. 254c–19) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 
330N. 
INNOVATION 
FOR 
MATERNAL 
HEALTH. 
‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary, in con-
sultation with experts representing a variety 
of clinical specialties, State, Tribal, or local 
public health officials, researchers, epi-
demiologists, statisticians, and community 
organizations, shall establish or continue a 
program to award competitive grants to eli-
gible entities for the purposes of— 
‘‘(1) identifying, developing, or dissemi-
nating best practices to improve maternal 
health care quality and outcomes, eliminate 
preventable maternal mortality and severe 
maternal morbidity, and improve infant 
health outcomes, which may include— 
‘‘(A) information on evidence-based prac-
tices to improve the quality and safety of 
maternal health care in hospitals and other 
health care settings of a State or health care 
system, including by addressing topics com-
monly associated with health complications 
or risks related to prenatal care, labor care, 
birthing, and postpartum care; 
‘‘(B) best practices for improving maternal 
health care based on data findings and re-
views conducted by a State maternal mor-
tality review committee that address topics 
of relevance to common complications or 
health risks related to prenatal care, labor 
care, birthing, and postpartum care; and 
‘‘(C) information on addressing deter-
minants of health that impact maternal 
health outcomes for women before, during, 
and after pregnancy; 
‘‘(2) collaborating with State maternal 
mortality review committees to identify 
issues for the development and implementa-
tion of evidence-based practices to improve 
maternal health outcomes and reduce pre-
ventable maternal mortality and severe ma-
ternal morbidity; 
‘‘(3) providing technical assistance and 
supporting the implementation of best prac-
tices identified pursuant to paragraph (1) to 
entities providing health care services to 
pregnant and postpartum women; and 
‘‘(4) identifying, developing, and evalu-
ating new models of care that improve ma-
ternal and infant health outcomes, which 
may include the integration of community- 
based services and clinical care. 
‘‘(b) ELIGIBLE ENTITIES.—To be eligible for 
a grant under subsection (a), an entity 
shall— 
‘‘(1) submit to the Secretary an application 
at such time, in such manner, and con-
taining such information as the Secretary 
may require; and 
‘‘(2) demonstrate in such application that 
the entity is capable of carrying out data- 
driven maternal safety and quality improve-
ment initiatives in the areas of obstetrics 
and gynecology or maternal health. 
‘‘(c) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.— 
To carry out this section, there are author-
ized to be appropriated $5,000,000 for each of 
fiscal years 2021 through 2025.’’. 
SEC. 3. TRAINING FOR HEALTH CARE PRO-
VIDERS. 
Title VII of the Public Health Service Act 
is amended by striking section 763 (42 U.S.C. 
294p) and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 763. TRAINING FOR HEALTH CARE PRO-
VIDERS. 
‘‘(a) GRANT PROGRAM.—The Secretary shall 
establish a program to award grants to ac-
credited schools of allopathic medicine, os-
teopathic medicine, and nursing, and other 
health professional training programs for the 
training of health care professionals to re-
duce and prevent discrimination (including 
training related to implicit and explicit bi-
ases) in the provision of health care services 
related to prenatal care, labor care, birthing, 
and postpartum care. 
‘‘(b) ELIGIBILITY.—To be eligible for a grant 
under subsection (a), an entity described in 
such subsection shall submit to the Sec-
retary an application at such time, in such 
manner, and containing such information as 
the Secretary may require. 
‘‘(c) REPORTING REQUIREMENT.—Each enti-
ty awarded a grant under this section shall 
periodically submit to the Secretary a report 
on the status of activities conducted using 
the grant, including a description of the im-
pact of such training on patient outcomes, as 
applicable. 
‘‘(d) BEST PRACTICES.—The Secretary may 
identify and disseminate best practices for 
the training of health care professionals to 
reduce and prevent discrimination (including 
training related to implicit and explicit bi-
ases) in the provision of health care services 
related to prenatal care, labor care, birthing, 
and postpartum care. 
‘‘(e) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.— 
To carry out this section, there are author-
ized to be appropriated $5,000,000 for each of 
fiscal years 2021 through 2025.’’. 
SEC. 4. STUDY ON TRAINING TO REDUCE AND 
PREVENT DISCRIMINATION. 
Not later than 2 years after date of enact-
ment of this Act, the Secretary of Health 
and Human Services shall, through a con-
tract with an independent research organiza-
tion, 
conduct 
a 
study 
and 
make 
rec-
ommendations for accredited schools of 
allopathic medicine, osteopathic medicine, 
and nursing, and other health professional 
training programs, on best practices related 
to training to reduce and prevent discrimina-
tion, including training related to implicit 
and explicit biases, in the provision of health 
care services related to prenatal care, labor 
care, birthing, and postpartum care. 
SEC. 5. PERINATAL QUALITY COLLABORATIVES. 
Section 317K(a)(2) of the Public Health 
Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247b–12(a)(2)) is amend-
ed by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(E)(i) The Secretary, acting through the 
Director of the Centers for Disease Control 
and Prevention and in coordination with 
other offices and agencies, as appropriate, 
shall establish or continue a competitive 
grant program for the establishment or sup-
port of perinatal quality collaboratives to 
improve perinatal care and perinatal health 
outcomes 
for 
pregnant 
and 
postpartum 
women and their infants. A State, Indian 
Tribe, or Tribal organization may use funds 
received through such grant to— 
‘‘(I) support the use of evidence-based or 
evidence-informed practices to improve out-
comes for maternal and infant health; 
‘‘(II) work with clinical teams; experts; 
State, local, and, as appropriate, Tribal pub-
lic health officials; and stakeholders, includ-
ing patients and families, to identify, de-
velop, or disseminate best practices to im-
prove perinatal care and outcomes; and 
‘‘(III) employ strategies that provide op-
portunities for health care professionals and 
clinical teams to collaborate across health 
care settings and disciplines, including pri-
mary care and mental health, as appropriate, 
to improve maternal and infant health out-
comes, which may include the use of data to 
provide timely feedback across hospital and 
clinical teams to inform responses, and to 
provide support and training to hospital and 
clinical teams for quality improvement, as 
appropriate. 
‘‘(ii) To be eligible for a grant under clause 
(i), an entity shall submit to the Secretary 
an application in such form and manner and 
containing such information as the Sec-
retary may require.’’. 
SEC. 6. INTEGRATED SERVICES FOR PREGNANT 
AND POSTPARTUM WOMEN. 
(a) GRANTS.—Title III of the Public Health 
Service Act is amended by inserting after 
section 330N of such Act, as added by section 
2, the following: 
‘‘SEC. 330O. INTEGRATED SERVICES FOR PREG-
NANT AND POSTPARTUM WOMEN. 
‘‘(a) IN
GENERAL.—The Secretary may 
award grants to States, Indian Tribes, and 
Tribal organizations for the purpose of estab-
lishing or operating evidence-based or inno-
vative, evidence-informed programs to de-
liver integrated health care services to preg-
nant and postpartum women to optimize the 
health of women and their infants, including 
to reduce adverse maternal health outcomes, 
pregnancy-related deaths, and related health 
disparities (including such disparities associ-
ated with racial and ethnic minority popu-
lations), and, as appropriate, by addressing 
issues researched under subsection (b)(2) of 
section 317K. 
‘‘(b) INTEGRATED SERVICES FOR PREGNANT 
AND POSTPARTUM WOMEN.— 
‘‘(1) ELIGIBILITY.—To be eligible to receive 
a grant under subsection (a), a State, Indian 
Tribe, or Tribal organization shall work with 
relevant stakeholders that coordinate care 
(including coordinating resources and refer-
rals for health care and social services) to 
develop and carry out the program, includ-
ing— 
‘‘(A) State, Tribal, and local agencies re-
sponsible for Medicaid, public health, social 
services, mental health, and substance use 
disorder treatment and services; 
‘‘(B) health care providers who serve preg-
nant and postpartum women; and 
‘‘(C) community-based health organiza-
tions and health workers, including pro-
viders of home visiting services and individ-
uals representing communities with dis-
proportionately high rates of maternal mor-
tality and severe maternal morbidity, and 
including individuals representing racial and 
ethnic minority populations. 
‘‘(2) TERMS.— 
‘‘(A) PERIOD.—A grant awarded under sub-
section (a) shall be made for a period of 5 
years. Any supplemental award made to a 
grantee under subsection (a) may be made 
for a period of less than 5 years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
08:43 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00075
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K21SE7.120
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 74-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4624 
September 21, 2020 
‘‘(B) 
PREFERENCE.—In 
awarding 
grants 
under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(i) give preference to States, Indian 
Tribes, and Tribal organizations that have 
the highest rates of maternal mortality and 
severe maternal morbidity relative to other 
such States, Indian Tribes, or Tribal organi-
zations, respectively; and 
‘‘(ii) shall consider health disparities re-
lated to maternal mortality and severe ma-
ternal morbidity, including such disparities 
associated with racial and ethnic minority 
populations. 
‘‘(C) PRIORITY.—In awarding grants under 
subsection (a), the Secretary shall give pri-
ority to applications from up to 15 entities 
described in subparagraph (B)(i). 
‘‘(D) EVALUATION.—The Secretary shall re-
quire grantees to evaluate the outcomes of 
the programs supported under the grant. 
‘‘(c) DEFINITIONS.—In this section, the 
terms ‘Indian Tribe’ and ‘Tribal organiza-
tion’ have the meanings given the terms ‘In-
dian tribe’ and ‘tribal organization’, respec-
tively, in section 4 of the Indian Self-Deter-
mination and Education Assistance Act. 
‘‘(d) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to 
carry out this section $10,000,000 for each of 
fiscal years 2021 through 2025.’’. 
(b) REPORT ON GRANT OUTCOMES AND DIS-
SEMINATION OF BEST PRACTICES.— 
(1) REPORT.—Not later than February 1, 
2026, the Secretary of Health and Human 
Services shall submit to the Committee on 
Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of 
the Senate and the Committee on Energy 
and Commerce of the House of Representa-
tives a report that describes— 
(A) the outcomes of the activities sup-
ported by the grants awarded under the 
amendment made by this section on mater-
nal and child health; 
(B) best practices and models of care used 
by recipients of grants under such amend-
ment; and 
(C) obstacles identified by recipients of 
grants under such amendment, and strate-
gies used by such recipients to deliver care, 
improve maternal and child health, and re-
duce health disparities. 
(2) DISSEMINATION OF BEST PRACTICES.—Not 
later than August 1, 2026, the Secretary of 
Health and Human Services shall dissemi-
nate information on best practices and mod-
els of care used by recipients of grants under 
the amendment made by this section (includ-
ing best practices and models of care relat-
ing to the reduction of health disparities, in-
cluding such disparities associated with ra-
cial and ethnic minority populations, in 
rates of maternal mortality and severe ma-
ternal morbidity) to relevant stakeholders, 
which may include health providers, medical 
schools, nursing schools, relevant State, 
Tribal, and local agencies, and the general 
public. 
SEC. 7. IMPROVING RURAL MATERNAL AND OB-
STETRIC CARE DATA. 
(a) MATERNAL MORTALITY AND MORBIDITY 
ACTIVITIES.—Section 301(e) of the Public 
Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 241(e)) is 
amended by inserting ‘‘, preventable mater-
nal mortality and severe maternal mor-
bidity,’’ after ‘‘delivery’’. 
(b) OFFICE
OF WOMEN’S HEALTH.—Section 
310A(b)(1) of the Public Health Service Act 
(42 U.S.C. 242s(b)(1)) is amended by striking 
‘‘and sociocultural contexts,’’ and inserting 
‘‘sociocultural (including among American 
Indians, Native Hawaiians, and Alaska Na-
tives), and geographical contexts’’. 
(c) SAFE MOTHERHOOD.—Section 317K of the 
Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247b–12) 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(2)(A), by inserting ‘‘, 
including improving collection of data on 
race, ethnicity, and other demographic infor-
mation’’ before the period; and 
(2) in subsection (b)(2)— 
(A) in subparagraph (L), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(B) by redesignating subparagraph (M) as 
subparagraph (N); and 
(C) by inserting after subparagraph (L) the 
following: 
‘‘(M) an examination of the relationship 
between maternal health and obstetric serv-
ices in rural areas and outcomes in delivery 
and postpartum care; and’’. 
(d) OFFICE
OF
RESEARCH
ON
WOMEN’S 
HEALTH.—Section 486 of the Public Health 
Service Act (42 U.S.C. 287d) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b), by amending para-
graph (3) to read as follows: 
‘‘(3) carry out paragraphs (1) and (2) with 
respect to— 
‘‘(A) the aging process in women, with pri-
ority given to menopause; and 
‘‘(B) pregnancy, with priority given to 
deaths related to preventable maternal mor-
tality and severe maternal morbidity;’’; and 
(2) in subsection (d)(4)(A)(iv), by inserting 
‘‘, including preventable maternal morbidity 
and severe maternal morbidity’’ before the 
semicolon. 
SEC. 8. RURAL OBSTETRIC NETWORK GRANTS. 
The Public Health Service Act is amended 
by inserting after section 330A–1 (42 U.S.C. 
254c–1a) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 
330A–2. 
RURAL 
OBSTETRIC 
NETWORK 
GRANTS. 
‘‘(a) 
PROGRAM
ESTABLISHED.—The 
Sec-
retary shall award grants or cooperative 
agreements to eligible entities to establish 
collaborative improvement and innovation 
networks (referred to in this section as ‘rural 
obstetric networks’) to improve maternal 
and infant health outcomes and reduce pre-
ventable maternal mortality and severe ma-
ternal morbidity by improving maternity 
care and access to care in rural areas, fron-
tier areas, maternity care health profes-
sional target areas, or jurisdictions of Indian 
Tribes and Tribal organizations. 
‘‘(b) USE OF FUNDS.—Grants or cooperative 
agreements awarded pursuant to this section 
shall be used for the establishment or con-
tinuation of collaborative improvement and 
innovation networks to improve maternal 
health in rural areas by improving infant 
health and maternal outcomes and reducing 
preventable maternal mortality and severe 
maternal morbidity. Rural obstetric net-
works established in accordance with this 
section may— 
‘‘(1) develop a network to improve coordi-
nation and increase access to maternal 
health care and assist pregnant women in 
the areas described in subsection (a) with ac-
cessing and utilizing maternal and obstetric 
care, including health care services related 
to prenatal care, labor care, birthing, and 
postpartum care to improve outcomes in 
birth and maternal mortality and morbidity; 
‘‘(2) identify and implement evidence-based 
and sustainable delivery models for maternal 
and obstetric care (including health care 
services related to prenatal care, labor care, 
birthing, and postpartum care for women in 
the areas described in subsection (a), includ-
ing home visiting programs and culturally 
appropriate care models that reduce health 
disparities; 
‘‘(3) develop a model for maternal health 
care collaboration between health care set-
tings to improve access to care in areas de-
scribed in subsection (a), which may include 
the use of telehealth; 
‘‘(4) provide training for professionals in 
health care settings that do not have spe-
cialty maternity care; 
‘‘(5) collaborate with academic institutions 
that can provide regional expertise and help 
identify 
barriers 
to 
providing 
maternal 
health care, including strategies for address-
ing such barriers; and 
‘‘(6) assess and address disparities in infant 
and maternal health outcomes, including 
among racial and ethnic minority popu-
lations and underserved populations in areas 
described in subsection (a). 
‘‘(c) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
‘‘(1) ELIGIBLE ENTITIES.—The term ‘eligible 
entities’ means entities providing maternal 
health care services in rural areas, frontier 
areas, or medically underserved areas, or to 
medically underserved populations or Indian 
Tribes or Tribal organizations. 
‘‘(2) FRONTIER
AREA.—The term ‘frontier 
area’ means a frontier county, as defined in 
section 1886(d)(3)(E)(iii)(III) of the Social Se-
curity Act. 
‘‘(3) INDIAN TRIBES; TRIBAL ORGANIZATION.— 
The terms ‘Indian Tribe’ and ‘Tribal organi-
zation’ have the meanings given the terms 
‘Indian tribe’ and ‘tribal organization’, re-
spectively, in section 4 of the Indian Self-De-
termination and Education Assistance Act. 
‘‘(4) MATERNITY CARE HEALTH PROFESSIONAL 
TARGET
AREA.—The term ‘maternity care 
health professional target area’ has the 
meaning described in section 332(k)(2). 
‘‘(d) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to 
carry out this section $3,000,000 for each of 
fiscal years 2021 through 2025.’’. 
SEC. 
9. 
TELEHEALTH 
NETWORK 
AND 
TELE-
HEALTH 
RESOURCE 
CENTERS 
GRANT PROGRAMS. 
Section 330I of the Public Health Service 
Act (42 U.S.C. 254c–14) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (f)(3), by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(M) Providers of maternal care, including 
prenatal, 
labor 
care, 
birthing, 
and 
postpartum care services and entities oper-
ating obstetric care units.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (h)(1)(B), by inserting 
‘‘labor care, birthing care, postpartum care,’’ 
before ‘‘or prenatal’’. 
SEC. 10. RURAL MATERNAL AND OBSTETRIC 
CARE TRAINING DEMONSTRATION. 
Subpart 1 of part E of title VII of the Pub-
lic Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 294n et seq.) 
is amended by adding at the end the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 764. RURAL MATERNAL AND OBSTETRIC 
CARE TRAINING DEMONSTRATION. 
‘‘(a) IN
GENERAL.—The Secretary shall 
award 
grants 
to 
accredited 
schools 
of 
allopathic medicine, osteopathic medicine, 
and nursing, and other appropriate health 
professional training programs, to establish 
a training demonstration program to sup-
port— 
‘‘(1) training for physicians, medical resi-
dents, fellows, nurse practitioners, physician 
assistants, nurses, certified nurse midwives, 
relevant home visiting workforce profes-
sionals and paraprofessionals, or other pro-
fessionals who meet relevant State training 
and licensing requirements, as applicable, to 
provide maternal health care services in 
rural community-based settings; and 
‘‘(2) developing recommendations for such 
training programs. 
‘‘(b) APPLICATION.—To be eligible to re-
ceive a grant under subsection (a), an entity 
shall submit to the Secretary an application 
at such time, in such manner, and con-
taining such information as the Secretary 
may require. 
‘‘(c) ACTIVITIES.— 
‘‘(1) TRAINING
FOR
HEALTH
CARE
PROFES-
SIONALS.—A recipient of a grant under sub-
section (a)— 
‘‘(A) shall use the grant funds to plan, de-
velop, and operate a training program to pro-
vide maternal health care in rural areas; and 
‘‘(B) may use the grant funds to provide 
additional support for the administration of 
the program or to meet the costs of projects 
to establish, maintain, or improve faculty 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
08:43 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00076
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A21SE7.048
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 75-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4625 
September 21, 2020 
development, or departments, divisions, or 
other units necessary to implement such 
training. 
‘‘(2) TRAINING
PROGRAM
REQUIREMENTS.— 
The recipient of a grant under subsection (a) 
shall ensure that training programs carried 
out under the grant are evidence-based and 
address improving maternal health care in 
rural areas, and such programs may include 
training on topics such as— 
‘‘(A) maternal mental health, including 
perinatal depression and anxiety; 
‘‘(B) substance use disorders; 
‘‘(C) social determinants of health that af-
fect individuals living in rural areas; and 
‘‘(D) implicit and explicit bias. 
‘‘(d) EVALUATION AND REPORT.— 
‘‘(1) EVALUATION.— 
‘‘(A) IN
GENERAL.—The Secretary shall 
evaluate the outcomes of the demonstration 
program under this section. 
‘‘(B) DATA
SUBMISSION.—Recipients of a 
grant under subsection (a) shall submit to 
the Secretary performance metrics and other 
related data in order to evaluate the pro-
gram for the report described in paragraph 
(2). 
‘‘(2) REPORT TO CONGRESS.—Not later than 
January 1, 2025, the Secretary shall submit 
to the Committee on Health, Education, 
Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce of the 
House of Representatives a report that in-
cludes— 
‘‘(A) an analysis of the effects of the dem-
onstration program under this section on the 
quality, quantity, and distribution of mater-
nal health care services, including health 
care services related to prenatal care, labor 
care, birthing, and postpartum care, and the 
demographics of the recipients of those serv-
ices; 
‘‘(B) an analysis of maternal and infant 
health outcomes (including quality of care, 
morbidity, and mortality) before and after 
implementation of the program in the com-
munities served by entities participating in 
the demonstration program; and 
‘‘(C) recommendations on whether the 
demonstration program should be continued. 
‘‘(e) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to 
carry out this section $5,000,000 for each of 
fiscal years 2021 through 2025.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from 
Michigan (Mrs. DINGELL) and the gen-
tleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Michigan. 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members 
may have 5 legislative days in which to 
revise and extend their remarks and in-
clude extraneous material on H.R. 4995. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-
woman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of H.R. 4995, the Maternal Health Qual-
ity Improvement Act of 2020. 
Every 12 hours, an American woman 
dies of a pregnancy-related complica-
tion. This is a public health crisis, and 
the Maternal Health Quality Improve-
ment Act creates robust new programs 
to meet this need. This includes im-
proving 
rural 
maternal 
healthcare 
through the creation of rural obstetric 
network grants, as well as expanding 
the use of telehealth. 
The legislation also promotes innova-
tion in maternal healthcare by cre-
ating a new grant program to develop 
and disseminate best practices to im-
prove health quality and outcomes and 
help eliminate maternal mortality. 
Additionally, the Maternal Health 
Quality Improvement Act includes pro-
visions to address racial disparities in 
maternal health outcomes by funding 
training programs for healthcare pro-
fessionals, as well as allowing HHS to 
disseminate best practices to reduce 
and prevent discrimination. 
Finally, the legislation authorizes 
funding 
for 
perinatal 
quality 
collaboratives, multi-State networks 
to improve health outcomes for preg-
nant and postpartum women and their 
infants, as well as creating a grant pro-
gram to integrate services and reduce 
adverse maternal health outcomes. 
Madam Speaker, these robust provi-
sions represent a strong step toward 
addressing the ongoing health crisis 
facing 
America’s 
pregnant 
and 
postpartum women. 
Madam Speaker, I thank my col-
leagues, 
Representatives 
ENGEL, 
BUCSHON, 
TORRES
SMALL, 
LATTA, 
ADAMS, and STIVERS, for their tireless 
work on this legislation. 
Madam Speaker, I urge my col-
leagues to support this legislation, and 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. GIANFORTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today in sup-
port of H.R. 4995, the Maternal Health 
Quality Improvement Act, which was 
introduced by Representatives ENGEL, 
BUCSHON, 
TORRES
SMALL, 
LATTA, 
ADAMS, and STIVERS. 
The legislation authorizes grants for 
developing 
and 
sharing 
maternal 
health best practices and training 
health professionals. 
It also supports the Health Resources 
and Services Administration’s estab-
lishment of rural health networks to 
reduce maternal and child mortality 
rates and reduce inequities in health 
outcomes 
amongst 
different 
popu-
lations. 
It also ensures obstetric care is an el-
igible service for telehealth grants. 
Madam Speaker, I want to thank the 
American Hospital Association, the 
March of Dimes, the American Medical 
Association, and others for their sup-
port of this legislation. 
Madam Speaker, I urge my col-
leagues to support this bipartisan leg-
islation, and I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Madam Speaker, I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. GIANFORTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from 
Indiana (Mr. BUCSHON). 
Mr. BUCSHON. Madam Speaker, as a 
physician and a father of four, I under-
stand the importance of ensuring the 
health of mothers during pregnancy 
and 
after 
the 
delivery 
of 
their 
newborns. This is a critical time for 
both the mother and the child. 
Sadly, Indiana has an unacceptably 
high maternal mortality rate, ranking 
third in the country. We can do better. 
We must do better in our approach 
across the entire Nation, especially in 
rural America, to use best practices 
and provide the necessary resources to 
stop preventable maternal mortality. 
The Maternal Health Quality Improve-
ment Act is a great first step toward 
doing just that. 
H.R. 4995 includes the Excellence in 
Maternal Health Act, legislation I in-
troduced along with my fellow Hoosier, 
Representative ANDRE´ CARSON. 
This bipartisan legislation will ben-
efit patients and communities that are 
currently struggling, like those in my 
home State of Indiana, by providing 
them with the support and the training 
they so desperately need. 
Madam Speaker, together, we can 
work to help mothers and their chil-
dren achieve better health outcomes. I 
urge my colleagues to support H.R. 
4995. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Madam Speaker, I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. GIANFORTE. Madam Speaker, I 
appreciate Dr. BUCSHON’s leadership on 
this bill. I am excited to see this pass 
the House. 
Madam Speaker, I urge my col-
leagues to support this important leg-
islation, and I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Madam Speaker, I 
agree with my colleagues passionately 
in the need to take care of our mothers 
when they are pregnant, the newborns, 
and then their postpartum health. This 
bill is an important first step, and I 
urge my colleagues to support this leg-
islation. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Madam Speaker, I 
rise today in strong support of the Maternal 
Health Quality Improvement Act of 2019 (H.R. 
4995). This important bill includes my legisla-
tion, the Excellence in Maternal Health Act of 
2019 (H.R. 4215), that I introduced last year 
with my fellow Hoosier, Rep. BUCSHON. l want 
to thank Rep. ENGEL for including my legisla-
tion in this package. I urge my House col-
leagues to pass H.R. 4995 without delay. 
Maternal mortality—which occurs when a 
woman dies during pregnancy or within one 
year of delivery—is a nationwide, public health 
emergency. The United States has the highest 
maternal death rate in the developed world; 26 
women die for every 100,000 live birth in our 
country. This unacceptably high level of mater-
nal mortality robs our country of between 700 
and 900 women from causes related to preg-
nancy and childbirth. 
However, this crisis does not affect all 
states equally. Maternal mortality is especially 
devastating in states like Indiana. Our state 
has the third highest maternal mortality rate in 
the country where, often due to preventable 
complications, a staggering 43 out of 100,000 
women die during or shortly after giving birth. 
The maternal mortality crisis also does not 
affect all mothers equally; in fact, the racial 
and ethnic disparities in maternal mortality are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
08:43 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00077
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A21SE7.048
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 76-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4626 
September 21, 2020 
extremely stark. Nationwide, Black women are 
three to four times more likely to die from ma-
ternal health complications than white women. 
In Indiana, Black women are 29 percent more 
likely to die during childbirth than white 
women, as 53 black women die per 100,000 
live births versus 41 deaths among white 
women. Research consistently shows that dis-
parities in access to quality health care, inad-
equate health care training, discrimination and 
bias, and the lack of high-quality integrated 
maternal health care continue to compound 
existing health care disparities that produce 
the disproportionate levels of maternal mor-
tality among Black mothers. 
That’s why in August 2019, I introduced the 
Excellence in Maternal Health Act of 2019 with 
my fellow Hoosier, Rep. BUCSHON. Our bipar-
tisan legislation works to improve maternal 
health access and quality, reduce racial and 
ethnic disparities and discrimination in health 
care delivery, and create grant programs to 
implement best practices and strengthen train-
ing for health care providers. 
Specifically, our legislation provides $10 mil-
lion to help develop and enact best practices 
to eliminate maternal morality through im-
proved maternal health access and quality. 
Additionally, our legislation provides $25 mil-
lion over five years to establish a grant pro-
gram to train health care professionals on 
ways to reduce and prevent racial discrimina-
tion in providing prenatal care, labor care, 
birthing, and postpartum care. Finally, our leg-
islation provides $15 million in grants to help 
states deliver integrated health care services 
that reduce maternal mortality and related 
health disparities. 
I was pleased that in November 2019, the 
House Energy and Commerce Committee in-
cluded our Carson/Bucshon legislation into 
Rep. ENGEL’s larger legislative package, the 
Maternal Health Quality Improvement Act of 
2019 and was unanimously approved by the 
Committee. I urge all of my House colleagues 
to now pass H.R. 4995 to implement the pro-
grams and reforms in my legislation that will 
help end the scourge of preventable maternal 
mortality in our country and ensure the birth of 
a child is a joyous and safe occasion for fami-
lies across America. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. STE-
VENS). The question is on the motion 
offered 
by 
the 
gentlewoman 
from 
Michigan 
(Mrs. 
DINGELL) that the 
House suspend the rules and pass the 
bill, H.R. 4995, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as 
amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
PROTECTING PATIENTS 
TRANSPORTATION TO CARE ACT 
Mrs. DINGELL. Madam Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 3935) to amend title XIX of 
the Social Security Act to provide for 
the continuing requirement of Med-
icaid coverage of nonemergency trans-
portation to medically necessary serv-
ices, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3935 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting Pa-
tients Transportation to Care Act’’. 
SEC. 2. MEDICAID COVERAGE OF CERTAIN MED-
ICAL TRANSPORTATION. 
(a) CONTINUING REQUIREMENT
OF MEDICAID 
COVERAGE OF NECESSARY TRANSPORTATION.— 
(1) REQUIREMENT.—Section 1902(a)(4) of the 
Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(a)(4)) is 
amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘and including provision for 
utilization’’ and inserting ‘‘including provision 
for utilization’’; and 
(B) by inserting after ‘‘supervision of adminis-
tration of the plan’’ the following: ‘‘, and, sub-
ject to section 1903(i), including a specification 
that the single State agency described in para-
graph (5) will ensure necessary transportation 
for beneficiaries under the State plan to and 
from providers and a description of the methods 
that such agency will use to ensure such trans-
portation’’. 
(2) APPLICATION WITH RESPECT TO BENCHMARK 
BENEFIT PACKAGES AND BENCHMARK EQUIVALENT 
COVERAGE.—Section 1937(a)(1) of the Social Se-
curity Act (42 U.S.C. 1396u–7(a)(1)) is amend-
ed— 
(A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (E)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraphs (E) 
and (F)’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(F) NECESSARY
TRANSPORTATION.—Notwith-
standing the preceding provisions of this para-
graph, a State may not provide medical assist-
ance through the enrollment of an individual 
with benchmark coverage or benchmark equiva-
lent coverage described in subparagraph (A)(i) 
unless, subject to section 1903(i)(9) and in ac-
cordance with section 1902(a)(4), the benchmark 
benefit package or benchmark equivalent cov-
erage (or the State)— 
‘‘(i) ensures necessary transportation for indi-
viduals enrolled under such package or coverage 
to and from providers; and 
‘‘(ii) provides a description of the methods 
that will be used to ensure such transpor-
tation.’’. 
(3) LIMITATION
ON
FEDERAL
FINANCIAL
PAR-
TICIPATION.—Section 1903(i) of the Social Secu-
rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1396b(i)) is amended by in-
serting after paragraph (8) the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(9) with respect to any amount expended for 
non-emergency transportation authorized under 
section 1902(a)(4), unless the State plan provides 
for the methods and procedures required under 
section 1902(a)(30)(A); or’’. 
(4) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by this subsection shall take effect on the date 
of the enactment of this Act and shall apply to 
transportation furnished on or after such date. 
(b) MEDICAID PROGRAM INTEGRITY MEASURES 
RELATED TO COVERAGE OF NONEMERGENCY MED-
ICAL TRANSPORTATION.— 
(1) GAO
STUDY.—Not later than two years 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the 
Comptroller General of the United States shall 
conduct a study, and submit to Congress, a re-
port on coverage under the Medicaid program 
under title XIX of the Social Security Act of 
nonemergency transportation to medically nec-
essary services. Such study shall take into ac-
count the 2009 report of the Office of the Inspec-
tor General of the Department of Health and 
Human Services, titled ‘‘Fraud and Abuse Safe-
guards for Medicaid Nonemergency Medical 
Transportation’’ (OEI–06–07–003200). Such re-
port shall include the following: 
(A) An examination of the 50 States and the 
District of Columbia to identify safeguards to 
prevent and detect fraud and abuse with respect 
to coverage under the Medicaid program of non-
emergency transportation to medically necessary 
services. 
(B) An examination of transportation brokers 
to identify the range of safeguards against such 
fraud and abuse to prevent improper payments 
for such transportation. 
(C) Identification of the numbers, types, and 
outcomes of instances of fraud and abuse, with 
respect to coverage under the Medicaid program 
of such transportation, that State Medicaid 
Fraud Control Units have investigated in recent 
years. 
(D) Identification of commonalities or trends 
in program integrity, with respect to such cov-
erage, to inform risk management strategies of 
States and the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid 
Services. 
(2) STAKEHOLDER WORKING GROUP.— 
(A) IN
GENERAL.—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the 
Secretary of Health and Human Services, 
through the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid 
Services, shall convene a series of meetings to 
obtain input from appropriate stakeholders to 
facilitate discussion and shared learning about 
the leading practices for improving Medicaid 
program integrity, with respect to coverage of 
nonemergency transportation to medically nec-
essary services. 
(B) TOPICS.—The meetings convened under 
subparagraph (A) shall— 
(i) focus on ongoing challenges to Medicaid 
program integrity as well as leading practices to 
address such challenges; and 
(ii) address specific challenges raised by stake-
holders involved in coverage under the Medicaid 
program of nonemergency transportation to 
medically necessary services, including unique 
considerations for specific groups of Medicaid 
beneficiaries meriting particular attention, such 
as American Indians and tribal land issues or 
accommodations for individuals with disabil-
ities. 
(C) STAKEHOLDERS.—Stakeholders described 
in subparagraph (A) shall include individuals 
from State Medicaid programs, brokers for non-
emergency transportation to medically necessary 
services that meet the criteria described in sec-
tion 1902(a)(70)(B) of the Social Security Act (42 
U.S.C. 1396a(a)(70)(B)), providers (including 
transportation network companies), Medicaid 
patient advocates, and such other individuals 
specified by the Secretary. 
(3) GUIDANCE
REVIEW.—Not later than 18 
months after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Serv-
ices, through the Centers for Medicare & Med-
icaid Services, shall assess guidance issued to 
States by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid 
Services relating to Federal requirements for 
nonemergency transportation to medically nec-
essary services under the Medicaid program 
under title XIX of the Social Security Act and 
update such guidance as necessary to ensure 
States have appropriate and current guidance 
in designing and administering coverage under 
the Medicaid program of nonemergency trans-
portation to medically necessary services. 
(4) NEMT
TRANSPORTATION
PROVIDER
AND 
DRIVER REQUIREMENTS.— 
(A) 
STATE
PLAN
REQUIREMENT.—Section 
1902(a) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 
1396a(a)) is amended— 
(i) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of paragraph 
(85); 
(ii) by striking the period at the end of para-
graph (86) and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(iii) by inserting after paragraph (86) the fol-
lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(87) provide for a mechanism, which may in-
clude attestation, that ensures that, with re-
spect to any provider (including a transpor-
tation network company) or individual driver of 
nonemergency transportation to medically nec-
essary services receiving payments under such 
plan (but excluding any public transit author-
ity), at a minimum— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
08:43 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00078
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\A21SE7.049
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 77-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4627 
September 21, 2020 
‘‘(A) each such provider and individual driver 
is not excluded from participation in any Fed-
eral health care program (as defined in section 
1128B(f)) and is not listed on the exclusion list 
of the Inspector General of the Department of 
Health and Human Services; 
‘‘(B) each such individual driver has a valid 
driver’s license; 
‘‘(C) each such provider has in place a process 
to address any violation of a State drug law; 
and 
‘‘(D) each such provider has in place a process 
to disclose to the State Medicaid program the 
driving history, including any traffic violations, 
of each such individual driver employed by such 
provider, including any traffic violations.’’. 
(B) EFFECTIVE DATE.— 
(i) IN GENERAL.—Except as provided in clause 
(ii), the amendments made by subparagraph (A) 
shall take effect on the date of the enactment of 
this Act and shall apply to services furnished on 
or after the date that is one year after the date 
of the enactment of this Act. 
(ii) EXCEPTION
IF
STATE
LEGISLATION
RE-
QUIRED.—In the case of a State plan for medical 
assistance under title XIX of the Social Security 
Act which the Secretary of Health and Human 
Services determines requires State legislation 
(other than legislation appropriating funds) in 
order for the plan to meet the additional re-
quirement imposed by the amendments made by 
subparagraph (A), the State plan shall not be 
regarded as failing to comply with the require-
ments of such title solely on the basis of its fail-
ure to meet this additional requirement before 
the first day of the first calendar quarter begin-
ning after the close of the first regular session of 
the State legislature that begins after the date of 
the enactment of this Act. For purposes of the 
previous sentence, in the case of a State that 
has a 2-year legislative session, each year of 
such session shall be deemed to be a separate 
regular session of the State legislature. 
(5) ANALYSIS OF T–MSIS DATA.—Not later than 
one year after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Serv-
ices, through the Centers for Medicare & Med-
icaid Services, shall analyze, and submit to Con-
gress a report on, the nation-wide data set 
under the Transformed Medicaid Statistical In-
formation System to identify recommendations 
relating to coverage under the Medicaid pro-
gram under title XIX of the Social Security Act 
of nonemergency transportation to medically 
necessary services. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from 
Michigan (Mrs. DINGELL) and the gen-
tleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Michigan. 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Mrs. DINGELL. Madam Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-
bers may have 5 legislative days in 
which to revise and extend their re-
marks and include extraneous material 
on H.R. 3935. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-
woman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in support of 
H.R. 3935, Protecting Patients Trans-
portation to Care Act. This legislation 
will add nonemergency medical trans-
portation services for individuals with-
out other means of transportation to 
the list of benefits required by law 
under Medicaid. 
NEMT, N-E-M-T, benefits have been a 
mandatory Medicaid benefit by regula-
tion since the program’s beginning in 
1966, and the benefits are clear. Trans-
portation is one of the most common 
barriers to care for low-income pa-
tients, and reliable transportation to 
and from medical appointments is a 
cornerstone of healthcare access. 
NEMT provides over 100 million rides 
to Medicaid beneficiaries each year, 
and this lifeline is critical to patients 
with chronic conditions like kidney 
disease or diabetes. 
Additionally, it allows seniors and 
Americans to remain in their homes 
and continue to live independently. 
The NEMT benefit is especially crit-
ical to beneficiaries seeking care dur-
ing this current public health crisis, 
which has placed additional burdens 
and barriers to care. 
The Protecting Patients Transpor-
tation to Care Act will codify this ben-
efit and maintain robust program in-
tegrity protections. 
In addition to safeguarding the life-
saving NEMT benefit, the legislation is 
scored as having no cost by the Con-
gressional Budget Office. 
I would like to thank Representa-
tives CARTER, CA´ RDENAS, GRAVES and 
BISHOP of Georgia for leading this bi-
partisan effort and urge my colleagues 
to support its passage. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
b 1815 
Mr. GIANFORTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today in sup-
port of H.R. 3935, the Protecting Pa-
tients Transportation to Care Act, in-
troduced by Representatives CARTER 
and CA´ RDENAS, and Representatives 
GRAVES and BISHOP of Georgia. 
This legislation would require Med-
icaid to cover nonemergency medical 
transportation, or NEMT. This can 
help rural Medicaid patients get to di-
alysis, preventive care, and substance 
abuse treatment. 
Covering this transport can ensure 
these patients get the care they need, 
improving outcomes and reducing the 
need for expensive emergency room 
visits and hospitalizations. 
In my home State of Montana, it can 
take 2 hours or more to get to a spe-
cialist. This important legislation will 
help ensure rural patients have the 
ability to get to their providers. 
H.R. 3935 would also require States to 
ensure that NEMT providers are not on 
the excluded providers list; that each 
individual driver has a valid driver’s li-
cense; and that providers report and 
address violations of State law, includ-
ing traffic violations. 
It would require the Comptroller 
General to conduct a study on cov-
erages of NEMT by State Medicaid pro-
grams, including the policies and pro-
gram integrity measures in place to 
prevent waste, fraud, and abuse. 
Finally, the bill would require the 
Secretary to analyze any NEMT data 
and report to Congress on his or her 
findings within one year of the date of 
enactment. 
The legislation also requires State 
Medicaid programs to develop a utiliza-
tion management process for the ben-
efit. 
Madam Speaker, I urge adoption of 
this important legislation, and I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Madam Speaker, I, 
too, urge adoption of this important 
piece of legislation to remove barriers 
so people are able to go to the doctor, 
and I urge my colleagues to support 
this bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by 
the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. 
DINGELL) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3935, as 
amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as 
amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
HELPING EMERGENCY 
RESPONDERS OVERCOME ACT 
Mrs. DINGELL. Madam Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 1646) to require the Secretary 
of Health and Human Services to im-
prove the detection, prevention, and 
treatment of mental health issues 
among public safety officers, and for 
other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1646 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Helping 
Emergency Responders Overcome Act’’ or 
the ‘‘HERO Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DATA SYSTEM TO CAPTURE NATIONAL 
PUBLIC SAFETY OFFICER SUICIDE 
INCIDENCE. 
The Public Health Service Act is amended 
by inserting before section 318 of such Act (42 
U.S.C. 247c) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 317W. DATA SYSTEM TO CAPTURE NA-
TIONAL PUBLIC SAFETY OFFICER 
SUICIDE INCIDENCE. 
‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary, in co-
ordination with the Director of the Centers 
for Disease Control and Prevention and other 
agencies as the Secretary determines appro-
priate, shall— 
‘‘(1) develop and maintain a data system, 
to be known as the Public Safety Officer Sui-
cide Reporting System, for the purposes of— 
‘‘(A) collecting data on the suicide inci-
dence among public safety officers; and 
‘‘(B) facilitating the study of successful 
interventions to reduce suicide among public 
safety officers; and 
‘‘(2) integrate such system into the Na-
tional Violent Death Reporting System, so 
long as the Secretary determines such inte-
gration to be consistent with the purposes 
described in paragraph (1). 
‘‘(b) DATA COLLECTION.—In collecting data 
for the Public Safety Officer Suicide Report-
ing System, the Secretary shall, at a min-
imum, collect the following information: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
08:43 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00079
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A21SE7.051
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 78-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4628 
September 21, 2020 
‘‘(1) The total number of suicides in the 
United States among all public safety offi-
cers in a given calendar year. 
‘‘(2) Suicide rates for public safety officers 
in a given calendar year, disaggregated by— 
‘‘(A) age and gender of the public safety of-
ficer; 
‘‘(B) State; 
‘‘(C) occupation; including both the indi-
vidual’s role in their public safety agency 
and their primary occupation in the case of 
volunteer public safety officers; 
‘‘(D) where available, the status of the pub-
lic safety officer as volunteer, paid-on-call, 
or career; and 
‘‘(E) status of the public safety officer as 
active or retired. 
‘‘(c) CONSULTATION DURING DEVELOPMENT.— 
In developing the Public Safety Officer Sui-
cide Reporting System, the Secretary shall 
consult with non-Federal experts to deter-
mine the best means to collect data regard-
ing suicide incidence in a safe, sensitive, 
anonymous, and effective manner. Such non- 
Federal experts shall include, as appropriate, 
the following: 
‘‘(1) Public health experts with experience 
in developing and maintaining suicide reg-
istries. 
‘‘(2) 
Organizations 
that 
track 
suicide 
among public safety officers. 
‘‘(3) Mental health experts with experience 
in studying suicide and other profession-re-
lated traumatic stress. 
‘‘(4) Clinicians with experience in diag-
nosing and treating mental health issues. 
‘‘(5) Active and retired volunteer, paid-on- 
call, and career public safety officers. 
‘‘(6) Relevant national police, and fire and 
emergency medical services, organizations. 
‘‘(d) DATA PRIVACY AND SECURITY.—In de-
veloping and maintaining the Public Safety 
Officer Suicide Reporting System, the Sec-
retary shall ensure that all applicable Fed-
eral privacy and security protections are fol-
lowed to ensure that— 
‘‘(1) the confidentiality and anonymity of 
suicide victims and their families are pro-
tected, including so as to ensure that data 
cannot be used to deny benefits; and 
‘‘(2) data is sufficiently secure to prevent 
unauthorized access. 
‘‘(e) REPORTING.— 
‘‘(1) ANNUAL
REPORT.—Not later than 2 
years after the date of enactment of the 
Helping Emergency Responders Overcome 
Act, and biannually thereafter, the Sec-
retary shall submit a report to the Congress 
on the suicide incidence among public safety 
officers. Each such report shall— 
‘‘(A) include the number and rate of such 
suicide incidence, disaggregated by age, gen-
der, and State of employment; 
‘‘(B) identify characteristics and contrib-
uting circumstances for suicide among pub-
lic safety officers; 
‘‘(C) disaggregate rates of suicide by— 
‘‘(i) occupation; 
‘‘(ii) status as volunteer, paid-on-call, or 
career; and 
‘‘(iii) status as active or retired; 
‘‘(D) include recommendations for further 
study regarding the suicide incidence among 
public safety officers; 
‘‘(E) specify in detail, if found, any obsta-
cles in collecting suicide rates for volunteers 
and include recommended improvements to 
overcome such obstacles; 
‘‘(F) identify options for interventions to 
reduce suicide among public safety officers; 
and 
‘‘(G) describe procedures to ensure the con-
fidentiality and anonymity of suicide vic-
tims and their families, as described in sub-
section (d)(1). 
‘‘(2) PUBLIC AVAILABILITY.—Upon the sub-
mission of each report to the Congress under 
paragraph (1), the Secretary shall make the 
full report publicly available on the website 
of the Centers for Disease Control and Pre-
vention. 
‘‘(f) DEFINITION.—In this section, the term 
‘public safety officer’ means— 
‘‘(1) a public safety officer as defined in 
section 1204 of the Omnibus Crime Control 
and Safe Streets Act of 1968; or 
‘‘(2) a public safety telecommunicator as 
described in detailed occupation 43–5031 in 
the Standard Occupational Classification 
Manual of the Office of Management and 
Budget (2018). 
‘‘(g) PROHIBITED
USE
OF
INFORMATION.— 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, 
if an individual is identified as deceased 
based on information contained in the Public 
Safety Officer Suicide Reporting System, 
such information may not be used to deny or 
rescind life insurance payments or other ben-
efits to a survivor of the deceased indi-
vidual.’’. 
SEC. 3. PEER-SUPPORT BEHAVIORAL HEALTH 
AND WELLNESS PROGRAMS WITHIN 
FIRE 
DEPARTMENTS 
AND 
EMER-
GENCY 
MEDICAL 
SERVICE 
AGEN-
CIES. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Part B of title III of the 
Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 243 et 
seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 
320B. 
PEER-SUPPORT 
BEHAVIORAL 
HEALTH AND WELLNESS PROGRAMS 
WITHIN FIRE DEPARTMENTS AND 
EMERGENCY 
MEDICAL 
SERVICE 
AGENCIES. 
‘‘(a) IN
GENERAL.—The Secretary shall 
award grants to eligible entities for the pur-
pose of establishing or enhancing peer-sup-
port behavioral health and wellness pro-
grams within fire departments and emer-
gency medical services agencies. 
‘‘(b) PROGRAM
DESCRIPTION.—A peer-sup-
port behavioral health and wellness program 
funded under this section shall— 
‘‘(1) use career and volunteer members of 
fire departments or emergency medical serv-
ices agencies to serve as peer counselors; 
‘‘(2) provide training to members of career, 
volunteer, and combination fire departments 
or emergency medical service agencies to 
serve as such peer counselors; 
‘‘(3) purchase materials to be used exclu-
sively to provide such training; and 
‘‘(4) disseminate such information and ma-
terials as are necessary to conduct the pro-
gram. 
‘‘(c) DEFINITION.—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘eligible entity’ means a 
nonprofit organization with expertise and ex-
perience with respect to the health and life 
safety of members of fire and emergency 
medical services agencies. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘member’— 
‘‘(A) with respect to an emergency medical 
services agency, means an employee, regard-
less of rank or whether the employee re-
ceives compensation (as defined in section 
1204(7) of the Omnibus Crime Control and 
Safe Streets Act of 1968); and 
‘‘(B) with respect to a fire department, 
means any employee, regardless of rank or 
whether the employee receives compensa-
tion, of a Federal, State, Tribal, or local fire 
department who is responsible for responding 
to calls for emergency service.’’. 
(b) TECHNICAL CORRECTION.—Effective as if 
included in the enactment of the Children’s 
Health Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–310), the 
amendment instruction in section 1603 of 
such Act is amended by striking ‘‘Part B of 
the Public Health Service Act’’ and inserting 
‘‘Part B of title III of the Public Health 
Service Act’’. 
SEC. 4. HEALTH CARE PROVIDER BEHAVIORAL 
HEALTH AND WELLNESS PROGRAMS. 
Part B of title III of the Public Health 
Service Act (42 U.S.C. 243 et seq.), as amend-
ed by section 3, is further amended by adding 
at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 320C. HEALTH CARE PROVIDER BEHAV-
IORAL HEALTH AND WELLNESS PRO-
GRAMS. 
‘‘(a) IN
GENERAL.—The Secretary shall 
award grants to eligible entities for the pur-
pose of establishing or enhancing behavioral 
health and wellness programs for health care 
providers. 
‘‘(b) PROGRAM DESCRIPTION.—A behavioral 
health and wellness program funded under 
this section shall— 
‘‘(1) provide confidential support services 
for health care providers to help handle 
stressful 
or 
traumatic 
patient-related 
events, including counseling services and 
wellness seminars; 
‘‘(2) provide training to health care pro-
viders to serve as peer counselors to other 
health care providers; 
‘‘(3) purchase materials to be used exclu-
sively to provide such training; and 
‘‘(4) disseminate such information and ma-
terials as are necessary to conduct such 
training and provide such peer counseling. 
‘‘(c) DEFINITIONS.—In this section, the term 
‘eligible entity’ means a hospital, including 
a critical access hospital (as defined in sec-
tion 1861(mm)(1) of the Social Security Act) 
or a disproportionate share hospital (as de-
fined under section 1923(a)(1)(A) of such Act), 
a Federally-qualified health center (as de-
fined in section 1905(1)(2)(B) of such Act), or 
any other health care facility.’’. 
SEC. 5. DEVELOPMENT OF RESOURCES FOR EDU-
CATING MENTAL HEALTH PROFES-
SIONALS 
ABOUT 
TREATING 
FIRE 
FIGHTERS AND EMERGENCY MED-
ICAL SERVICES PERSONNEL. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Administrator of the 
United States Fire Administration, in con-
sultation with the Secretary of Health and 
Human Services, shall develop and make 
publicly available resources that may be 
used by the Federal Government and other 
entities to educate mental health profes-
sionals about— 
(1) the culture of Federal, State, Tribal, 
and local career, volunteer, and combination 
fire departments and emergency medical 
services agencies; 
(2) the different stressors experienced by 
firefighters and emergency medical services 
personnel, supervisory firefighters and emer-
gency medical services personnel, and chief 
officers of fire departments and emergency 
medical services agencies; 
(3) challenges encountered by retired fire-
fighters and emergency medical services per-
sonnel; and 
(4) evidence-based therapies for mental 
health issues common to firefighters and 
emergency medical services personnel within 
such departments and agencies. 
(b) CONSULTATION.—In developing resources 
under subsection (a), the Administrator of 
the United States Fire Administration and 
the Secretary of Health and Human Services 
shall consult with national fire and emer-
gency medical services organizations. 
(c) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘firefighter’’ means any em-
ployee, regardless of rank or whether the 
employee receives compensation, of a Fed-
eral, State, Tribal, or local fire department 
who is responsible for responding to calls for 
emergency service. 
(2) The term ‘‘emergency medical services 
personnel’’ means any employee, regardless 
of rank or whether the employee receives 
compensation, as defined in section 1204(7) of 
the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets 
Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10284(7)). 
(3) The term ‘‘chief officer’’ means any in-
dividual who is responsible for the overall 
operation of a fire department or an emer-
gency medical services agency, irrespective 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
08:43 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00080
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A21SE7.050
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 79-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4629 
September 21, 2020 
of whether such individual also serves as a 
firefighter or emergency medical services 
personnel. 
SEC. 
6. 
BEST 
PRACTICES 
AND 
OTHER 
RE-
SOURCES 
FOR 
ADDRESSING 
POSTTRAUMATIC STRESS DISORDER 
IN PUBLIC SAFETY OFFICERS. 
(a) 
DEVELOPMENT; 
UPDATES.—The 
Sec-
retary of Health and Human Services shall— 
(1) develop and assemble evidence-based 
best practices and other resources to iden-
tify, prevent, and treat posttraumatic stress 
disorder and co-occurring disorders in public 
safety officers; and 
(2) reassess and update, as the Secretary 
determines necessary, such best practices 
and resources, including based upon the op-
tions for interventions to reduce suicide 
among public safety officers identified in the 
annual 
reports 
required 
by 
section 
317W(e)(1)(F) of the Public Health Service 
Act, as added by section 2 of this Act. 
(b) CONSULTATION.—In developing, assem-
bling, and updating the best practices and re-
sources under subsection (a), the Secretary 
of Health and Human Services shall consult 
with, at a minimum, the following: 
(1) Public health experts. 
(2) Mental health experts with experience 
in studying suicide and other profession-re-
lated traumatic stress. 
(3) Clinicians with experience in diag-
nosing and treating mental health issues. 
(4) Relevant national police, fire, and 
emergency medical services organizations. 
(c) AVAILABILITY.—The Secretary of Health 
and Human Services shall make the best 
practices and resources under subsection (a) 
available to Federal, State, and local fire, 
law enforcement, and emergency medical 
services agencies. 
(d) FEDERAL TRAINING
AND DEVELOPMENT 
PROGRAMS.—The Secretary of Health and 
Human Services shall work with Federal de-
partments 
and 
agencies, 
including 
the 
United States Fire Administration, to incor-
porate education and training on the best 
practices and resources under subsection (a) 
into Federal training and development pro-
grams for public safety officers. 
(e) DEFINITION.—In this section, the term 
‘‘public safety officer’’ means— 
(1) a public safety officer as defined in sec-
tion 1204 of the Omnibus Crime Control and 
Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10284); or 
(2) a public safety telecommunicator as de-
scribed in detailed occupation 43–5031 in the 
Standard Occupational Classification Man-
ual of the Office of Management and Budget 
(2018). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from 
Michigan (Mrs. DINGELL) and the gen-
tleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Michigan. 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Mrs. DINGELL. Madam Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-
bers have 5 legislative days in which to 
revise and extend their remarks and in-
clude extraneous material on H.R. 1646. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-
woman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in support of 
H.R. 1646, the Helping Emergency Re-
sponders Overcome, or HERO Act of 
2019. 
We have seen the extraordinary ac-
tions of America’s first responders in 
recent months in helping to keep our 
Nation safe. From the courage and the 
bravery 
of 
firefighters 
in 
Western 
States as they confront an unprece-
dented fire season, to public safety and 
paramedics responding to hurricanes 
on the Gulf Coast, to the frontline 
health workers fighting COVID–19, we 
all owe them a tremendous debt of 
gratitude. 
This includes supporting the mental 
health needs of these individuals. Expo-
sure to stressful, life-threatening situa-
tions, and traumatic events can impact 
one’s mental health. 
Unfortunately, we see this impact 
every day with first responders facing 
higher rates of suicide and other men-
tal health issues. However, we still 
lack data on the full scope of the prob-
lem, as well as treatment strategies to 
address the unique stresses that our 
Nation’s first responders face. 
The HERO Act would create a Na-
tional Public Safety Officer Suicide 
Reporting System to help us better un-
derstand the prevalence of these trage-
dies within the public safety officer 
community regardless of their em-
ployer. 
It would also establish a grant pro-
gram 
for 
peer 
support, 
behavioral 
health, and wellness programs within 
fire departments and EMS agencies. 
The legislation also will develop and 
disseminate 
resources 
to 
educate 
health professionals about the unique 
mental health challenges facing our 
Nation’s first responders and evidence- 
based therapies to address these issues. 
I would like to thank AMI BERA for 
his leadership and thoughtful advocacy 
on the HERO Act and urge my col-
leagues to support its passage. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE
OF REPRESENTATIVES, COM-
MITTEE
ON SCIENCE, SPACE, AND 
TECHNOLOGY, 
Washington, DC, September 15, 2020. 
Hon. FRANK PALLONE, JR., 
Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR CHAIRMAN PALLONE: I am writing you 
concerning H.R. 1646, the ‘‘Helping Emer-
gency Responders Overcome Act of 2019,’’ 
which was referred to the Committee on En-
ergy and Commerce and then to the Com-
mittee on Science, Space, and Technology 
(‘‘Science Committee’’) on March 8, 2019. 
As a result of our consultation, I agree to 
work cooperatively on H.R. 1646 and in order 
to expedite consideration of the bill the 
Science Committee will waive formal consid-
eration of this legislation. However, this is 
not a waiver of any future jurisdictional 
claims by the Science Committee over the 
subject matter contained in H.R. 1646 or 
similar legislation. I also request that you 
support my request to name members of the 
Science Committee to any conference com-
mittee to consider this legislation. 
Additionally, thank you for your assur-
ances to include a copy of our exchange of 
letters on this matter in the committee re-
port for H.R. 1646 and in the Congressional 
Record during floor consideration thereof. 
Sincerely, 
EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON, 
Chairwoman, Committee on Science, 
Space, and Technology. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE, 
Washington, DC, September 15, 2020. 
Hon. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON, 
Chairwoman, Committee on Science, Space, and 
Technology, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR CHAIRWOMAN JOHNSON: Thank you for 
consulting with the Committee on Energy 
and Commerce and agreeing to discharge 
H.R. 1646, the Helping Emergency Respond-
ers Overcome Act of 2019, from further con-
sideration, so that the bill may proceed expe-
ditiously to the House floor. 
I agree that your forgoing further action 
on this measure does not in any way dimin-
ish or alter the jurisdiction of your com-
mittee or prejudice its jurisdictional prerog-
atives on this measure or similar legislation 
in the future. I would support your effort to 
seek appointment of an appropriate number 
of conferees from your committee to any 
House-Senate conference on this legislation. 
I will ensure our letters on H.R. 1646 are 
entered into the Congressional Record dur-
ing floor consideration of the bill. I appre-
ciate your cooperation regarding this legis-
lation and look forward to continuing to 
work 
together 
as 
this 
measure 
moves 
through the legislative process. 
Sincerely, 
FRANK PALLONE, JR., 
Chairman. 
Mr. GIANFORTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today in sup-
port of H.R. 1646, the Helping Emer-
gency Responders Overcome, or HERO 
Act, which was introduced by Rep-
resentative BERA. 
This legislation would create a data-
base at the Centers for Disease Control 
and Prevention to capture public safe-
ty officer suicide incidents and study 
successful interventions. 
It would also authorize a grant pro-
gram for peer support and wellness pro-
grams within fire and emergency med-
ical service agencies, as well as for 
frontline healthcare workers. It also 
directs the Secretary of Health and 
Human Services to develop best prac-
tices and share resources for addressing 
post-traumatic stress in public safety 
officers. 
This legislation is incredibly timely. 
Emergency workers and doctors and 
nurses are under incredible strain, and 
many are unable to be with their fami-
lies due to their efforts to prevent the 
spread. 
Losing those who keep us safe will 
only make the crisis worse. My home 
State of Montana, unfortunately, has 
one of the highest suicide rates in the 
country. 
I do want to recognize all those who 
supported the Yellowstone Valley Out 
of the Darkness suicide awareness 
event over this past weekend in Bil-
lings, Montana. I appreciate you mak-
ing sure others realize they are not 
alone. 
We must ensure that all these heroes 
across America on the front lines of 
healthcare and law enforcement and 
public safety have the support they 
need to continue working to keep us 
safe. 
Madam Speaker, this is an impor-
tantly critical piece of legislation. I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
08:43 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00081
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A21SE7.050
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 80-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4630 
September 21, 2020 
urge adoption, and I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mrs. 
DINGELL. 
Madam 
Speaker, 
once more we thank our Nation’s first 
responders for all they are doing for us, 
and I urge my colleagues to support 
them by supporting this legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by 
the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. 
DINGELL) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1646, as 
amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as 
amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
SUICIDE PREVENTION LIFELINE 
IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2020 
Mrs. DINGELL. Madam Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 4564) to amend the Public 
Health Service Act to ensure the provi-
sion of high-quality service through 
the Suicide Prevention Lifeline, and 
for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4564 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Suicide Pre-
vention Lifeline Improvement Act of 2020’’. 
SEC. 2. SUICIDE PREVENTION LIFELINE. 
(a) PLAN.—Section 520E–3 of the Public 
Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290bb–36c) is 
amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-
section (e); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(c) PLAN.— 
‘‘(1) IN
GENERAL.—For purposes of main-
taining the suicide prevention hotline under 
subsection (b)(2), the Secretary shall develop 
and implement a plan to ensure the provi-
sion of high-quality service. 
‘‘(2) CONTENTS.—The plan required by para-
graph (1) shall include the following: 
‘‘(A) Quality assurance provisions, includ-
ing— 
‘‘(i) clearly defined and measurable per-
formance indicators and objectives to im-
prove the responsiveness and performance of 
the hotline, including at backup call centers; 
and 
‘‘(ii) quantifiable timeframes to track the 
progress of the hotline in meeting such per-
formance indicators and objectives. 
‘‘(B) Standards that crisis centers and 
backup centers must meet— 
‘‘(i) to participate in the network under 
subsection (b)(1); and 
‘‘(ii) to ensure that each telephone call, on-
line chat message, and other communication 
received by the hotline, including at backup 
call centers, is answered in a timely manner 
by a person, consistent with the guidance es-
tablished by the American Association of 
Suicidology or other guidance determined by 
the Secretary to be appropriate. 
‘‘(C) Guidelines for crisis centers and 
backup centers to implement evidence-based 
practices including with respect to followup 
and referral to other health and social serv-
ices resources. 
‘‘(D) Guidelines to ensure that resources 
are available and distributed to individuals 
using the hotline who are not personally in 
a time of crisis but know of someone who is. 
‘‘(E) Guidelines to carry out periodic test-
ing of the hotline, including at crisis centers 
and backup centers, during each fiscal year 
to identify and correct any problems in a 
timely manner. 
‘‘(F) Guidelines to operate in consultation 
with the State department of health, local 
governments, Indian tribes, and tribal orga-
nizations. 
‘‘(3) INITIAL PLAN; UPDATES.—The Secretary 
shall— 
‘‘(A) not later than 6 months after the date 
of enactment of the Suicide Prevention Life-
line Improvement Act of 2020, complete de-
velopment of the initial version of the plan 
required by paragraph (1), begin implementa-
tion of such plan, and make such plan pub-
licly available; and 
‘‘(B) periodically thereafter, update such 
plan and make the updated plan publicly 
available.’’. 
(b) TRANSMISSION OF DATA TO CDC.—Sec-
tion 520E–3 of the Public Health Service Act 
(42 U.S.C. 290bb–36c) is amended by inserting 
after subsection (c) of such section, as added 
by subsection (a) of this section, the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(d) TRANSMISSION OF DATA TO CDC.—The 
Secretary shall formalize and strengthen 
agreements between the National Suicide 
Prevention Lifeline program and the Centers 
for Disease Control and Prevention to trans-
mit any necessary epidemiological data from 
the program to the Centers, including local 
call center data, to assist the Centers in sui-
cide prevention efforts.’’. 
(c) AUTHORIZATION
OF
APPROPRIATIONS.— 
Subsection (e) of section 520E–3 of the Public 
Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290bb–36c) is 
amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(e) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.— 
‘‘(1) IN
GENERAL.—To carry out this sec-
tion, there are authorized to be appropriated 
$50,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2021 
through 2023. 
‘‘(2) ALLOCATION.—Of the amount author-
ized to be appropriated by paragraph (1) for 
each of fiscal years 2021 through 2023, at least 
80 percent shall be made available to crisis 
centers.’’. 
SEC. 3. PILOT PROGRAM ON INNOVATIVE TECH-
NOLOGIES. 
(a) PILOT PROGRAM.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Health 
and Human Services, acting through the As-
sistant Secretary for Mental Health and Sub-
stance Use, shall carry out a pilot program 
to research, analyze, and employ various 
technologies and platforms of communica-
tion 
(including 
social 
media 
platforms, 
texting platforms, and email platforms) for 
suicide prevention in addition to the tele-
phone and online chat service provided by 
the Suicide Prevention Lifeline. 
(2) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.—To 
carry out paragraph (1), there is authorized 
to be appropriated $5,000,000 for the period of 
fiscal years 2021 and 2022. 
(b) REPORT.—Not later than 24 months 
after the date on which the pilot program 
under subsection (a) commences, the Sec-
retary of Health and Human Services, acting 
through the Assistant Secretary for Mental 
Health and Substance Use, shall submit to 
the Congress a report on the pilot program. 
With respect to each platform of commu-
nication employed pursuant to the pilot pro-
gram, the report shall include— 
(1) a full description of the program; 
(2) the number of individuals served by the 
program; 
(3) the average wait time for each indi-
vidual to receive a response; 
(4) the cost of the program, including the 
cost per individual served; and 
(5) any other information the Secretary de-
termines appropriate. 
SEC. 4. HHS STUDY AND REPORT. 
Not later than 24 months after the Sec-
retary of Health and Human Services begins 
implementation of the plan required by sec-
tion 520E–3(c) of the Public Health Service 
Act, as added by section 2(a)(2) of this Act, 
the Secretary shall— 
(1) complete a study on— 
(A) the implementation of such plan, in-
cluding the progress towards meeting the ob-
jectives identified pursuant to paragraph 
(2)(A)(i) of such section 520E–3(c) by the 
timeframes identified pursuant to paragraph 
(2)(A)(ii) of such section 520E–3(c); and 
(B) in consultation with the Director of the 
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, 
options to expand data gathering from calls 
to the Suicide Prevention Lifeline in order 
to better track aspects of usage such as re-
peat calls, consistent with applicable Fed-
eral and State privacy laws; and 
(2) submit a report to the Congress on the 
results 
of 
such 
study, 
including 
rec-
ommendations on whether additional legisla-
tion or appropriations are needed. 
SEC. 5. GAO STUDY AND REPORT. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 24 months 
after the Secretary of Health and Human 
Services begins implementation of the plan 
required by section 520E–3(c) of the Public 
Health Service Act, as added by section 
2(a)(2) of this Act, the Comptroller General 
of the United States shall— 
(1) complete a study on the Suicide Preven-
tion Lifeline; and 
(2) submit a report to the Congress on the 
results of such study. 
(b) ISSUES TO BE STUDIED.—The study re-
quired by subsection (a) shall address— 
(1) the feasibility of geolocating callers to 
direct calls to the nearest crisis center; 
(2) operation shortcomings of the Suicide 
Prevention Lifeline; 
(3) geographic coverage of each crisis call 
center; 
(4) the call answer rate of each crisis call 
center; 
(5) the call wait time of each crisis call 
center; 
(6) the hours of operation of each crisis call 
center; 
(7) funding avenues of each crisis call cen-
ter; 
(8) the implementation of the plan under 
section 520E–3(c) of the Public Health Serv-
ice Act, as added by section 2(a) of this Act, 
including the progress towards meeting the 
objectives identified pursuant to paragraph 
(2)(A)(i) of such section 520E–3(c) by the 
timeframes identified pursuant to paragraph 
(2)(A)(ii) of such section 520E–3(c); and 
(9) service to individuals requesting a for-
eign language speaker, including— 
(A) the number of calls or chats the Life-
line receives from individuals speaking a for-
eign language; 
(B) the capacity of the Lifeline to handle 
these calls or chats; and 
(C) the number of crisis centers with the 
capacity to serve foreign language speakers, 
in house. 
(c) 
RECOMMENDATIONS.—The 
report 
re-
quired by subsection (a) shall include rec-
ommendations for improving the Suicide 
Prevention Lifeline, including recommenda-
tions for legislative and administrative ac-
tions. 
SEC. 6. DEFINITION. 
In this Act, the term ‘‘Suicide Prevention 
Lifeline’’ means the suicide prevention hot-
line maintained pursuant to section 520E–3 of 
the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 
290bb–36c). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
08:43 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00082
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K21SE7.127
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 81-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4631 
September 21, 2020 
Michigan (Mrs. DINGELL) and the gen-
tleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Michigan. 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Mrs. DINGELL. Madam Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-
bers have 5 legislative days in which to 
revise and extend their remarks and in-
clude extraneous material on H.R. 4564. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-
woman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in support of 
H.R. 4564, the Suicide Prevention Life-
line Improvement Act of 2020. This leg-
islation will provide additional re-
sources and authority for the National 
Suicide Prevention Lifeline, ensuring 
that it will have the infrastructure 
necessary to meet both current needs 
and the increased volume of outreach 
expected when the 988 number is for-
mally adopted. 
The 
National 
Suicide 
Prevention 
Lifeline currently expects 12 million 
calls over the next 4 years, equivalent 
to the total number of calls from 2005 
to 2017. 
Given this increased demand, the 
current authorization level of approxi-
mately $7.2 million per year is insuffi-
cient to meet expected need for the 
lifeline’s critical services for those in 
crisis. 
This legislation increases the author-
ization for the lifeline to $50 million 
each year through fiscal year 2022, al-
lowing it to effectively manage the in-
creased call volume while reducing 
wait times. 
Additionally, the Suicide Prevention 
Lifeline Improvement Act will create a 
new pilot program to deploy innovative 
technologies 
through 
social 
media, 
texting, and other platforms, con-
necting Americans where they are to 
the lifeline. 
It will also establish a plan for main-
taining the lifeline program and pro-
vide additional study and recommenda-
tions from HHS on ways to further 
strengthen access to this program. 
I thank and appreciate Representa-
tives KATKO, BEYER, and NAPOLITANO 
for their leadership in offering this leg-
islation, and continuing to push for re-
forms to strengthen the National Sui-
cide Prevention Lifeline. 
Madam Speaker, I urge my col-
leagues to support this bipartisan ef-
fort to strengthen access to this crit-
ical resource for Americans in crisis. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. GIANFORTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today in sup-
port of H.R. 4564, the Suicide Preven-
tion Lifeline Improvement Act, intro-
duced 
by 
Representatives 
KATKO, 
CA´ RDENAS, 
and 
Representatives 
GRAVES and BISHOP from Georgia. 
This legislation will increase the au-
thorization of the National Suicide 
Prevention Lifeline program to $50 mil-
lion each year through fiscal year 2022. 
This bill ensures funding is available 
for the continued operation of the sui-
cide hotline. When an individual in cri-
sis calls the suicide hotline, they can’t 
get a busy signal. This is crucial, 
again, in this time of economic distress 
and social isolation. 
I know we will also consider several 
other pieces of legislation, including 
designating 988 as the extension for the 
national suicide hotline. 
With more individuals in crisis, more 
calls will come. We must increase 
awareness of this critical resource and 
make it easier to remember the num-
ber. 
We must make sure the national sui-
cide hotline is prepared to deal with 
those in crisis. This issue has been one 
of my top priorities in Congress, and I 
am glad we have been able to work to-
gether to get this done. 
Madam Speaker, I urge my col-
leagues to support this important bi-
partisan legislation, and I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
b 1830 
Mrs. DINGELL. Madam Speaker, I 
yield such time as he may consume to 
the distinguished gentleman from Vir-
ginia (Mr. BEYER), who has helped 
champion this bill. 
Mr. BEYER. Madam Speaker, I too 
rise to ask my colleagues to support 
the Suicide Prevention Lifeline Im-
provement Act led by my colleague, 
Mr. KATKO. 
This is a bill that the Mental Health 
Caucus co-chairs, Mr. KATKO and Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO, and I have been working 
on for several years. 
Two years ago, I spent a long after-
noon at the local suicide lifeline in 
northern Virginia. It was fascinating; 
it was important; and I learned a great 
deal. Number one, I learned that an 
awful lot of young people want to do 
texts rather than phone calls, and they 
didn’t have that capability. I learned 
that they were in desperate need of 
more staff. I learned that they needed 
more volunteers, and when I said that 
I would like to be a volunteer, I learned 
that it took four long weekends, then 
you had to commit to 40 hours of train-
ing, and then you had to commit to at 
least one 4- or 5-hour shift per week for 
the next year. 
I also found that it had a remarkable 
success rate. They said they had talked 
to something like 3,000 people the pre-
vious year. 
I asked: ‘‘How many had been lost?’’ 
Two out of 3,000. 
But I also found out that they have 
wait times sometimes up to 60 minutes 
just to get on a call. A crisis can’t af-
ford to wait 60 minutes, and that is 
why we developed this legislation to 
give the lifeline the resources it needs 
and the quick answering times it has 
to have to be successful. 
We also built in oversight capability 
so it can be more effectively reviewed 
and improved. It has to constantly 
evolve. 
The work is certainly even more im-
portant now that we know about the 
new 988 designation by the FCC. We 
have heard a lot about that this after-
noon because we know there is going to 
be a lot higher demand. 
One of the things I have done the last 
couple of years at every event is I say: 
Okay, everybody here raise their hand 
who knows the suicide lifeline number. 
No one raises their hand ever. But 
that will be different. In fact, I am very 
confident that, within a few years, the 
988 will go international, and it will be 
the standard all over the world. 
It is especially important now during 
the pandemic. I just looked it up while 
we were waiting that a survey this 
July—2 months ago—found that 36 per-
cent of young people 18 to 29 years old 
are experiencing clinical depression. 
Madam Speaker, 48,000 Americans 
died by their own hand in 2018. We 
can’t save every life, but the Suicide 
Prevention Lifeline is remarkably suc-
cessful in helping people through that 
singular moment of despair in their 
lives. 
Madam Speaker, I want to thank my 
colleagues again. It has been bipar-
tisan, and it has been very important. 
Good friends like Mr. GIANFORTE, Mr. 
KATKO, FRANK
PALLONE, and ANNA 
ESHOO helped us through, and my dear 
friend DEBBIE DINGELL led here today. I 
thank them for prioritizing these men-
tal health supports when we need it 
most. 
Mr. GIANFORTE. Madam Speaker, in 
closing, this is a critical issue in Mon-
tana. We have one of the highest sui-
cide rates in the country, and making 
these services available is critical. 
Madam Speaker, I urge my col-
leagues to support the bill, and I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Madam Speaker, dur-
ing these unprecedented times, we need 
to ensure that we are putting the re-
sources into those that need them. 
Madam Speaker, I urge my col-
leagues to support this legislation, and 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by 
the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. 
DINGELL) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4564, as 
amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as 
amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
CAMPAIGN TO PREVENT SUICIDE 
ACT 
Mrs. DINGELL. Madam Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 4585) to require the Director 
of the Centers for Disease Control and 
Prevention to conduct a national sui-
cide prevention media campaign, and 
for other purposes, as amended. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
08:43 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00083
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K21SE7.129
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 82-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4632 
September 21, 2020 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4585 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Campaign to 
Prevent Suicide Act’’. 
SEC. 2. NATIONAL SUICIDE PREVENTION LIFE-
LINE. 
Section 520E–3(b)(2) of the Public Health 
Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290bb–36c(b)(2)) is 
amended by inserting after ‘‘suicide preven-
tion hotline’’ the following: ‘‘, which, begin-
ning not later than one year after the date of 
the enactment of the Campaign to Prevent 
Suicide Act, shall be a 3-digit nationwide 
toll-free telephone number,’’. 
SEC. 3. NATIONAL SUICIDE PREVENTION MEDIA 
CAMPAIGN. 
(a) NATIONAL SUICIDE PREVENTION MEDIA 
CAMPAIGN.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than the date 
that is three years after the date of the en-
actment of this Act, the Secretary of Health 
and Human Services (referred to in this sec-
tion as the ‘‘Secretary’’), in coordination 
with the Assistant Secretary for Mental 
Health and Substance Use (referred to in this 
section as the ‘‘Assistant Secretary’’) and 
the Director of the Centers for Disease Con-
trol and Prevention (referred to in this sec-
tion as the ‘‘Director’’), shall conduct a na-
tional suicide prevention media campaign 
(referred to in this section as the ‘‘national 
media campaign’’), in accordance with the 
requirements of this section, for purposes 
of— 
(A) preventing suicide in the United 
States; 
(B) educating families, friends, and com-
munities on how to address suicide and suici-
dal thoughts, including when to encourage 
individuals with suicidal risk to seek help; 
and 
(C) increasing awareness of suicide preven-
tion resources of the Centers for Disease 
Control and Prevention and the Substance 
Abuse and Mental Health Services Adminis-
tration (including the suicide prevention 
hotline maintained under section 520E–3 of 
the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 
290bb–36c)), any suicide prevention mobile 
application of the Centers for Disease Con-
trol and Prevention or the Substance Abuse 
Mental Health Services Administration, and 
other support resources determined appro-
priate by the Secretary. 
(2) ADDITIONAL CONSULTATION.—In addition 
to coordinating with the Assistant Secretary 
and the Director under this section, the Sec-
retary shall consult with, as appropriate, 
State, local, Tribal, and territorial health 
departments, primary health care providers, 
hospitals with emergency departments, men-
tal and behavioral health services providers, 
crisis response services providers, first re-
sponders, suicide prevention and mental 
health 
professionals, 
patient 
advocacy 
groups, survivors of suicide attempts, and 
representatives 
of 
television 
and 
social 
media platforms in planning the national 
media campaign to be conducted under para-
graph (1). 
(b) TARGET AUDIENCES.— 
(1) TAILORING ADVERTISEMENTS AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS.—In 
conducting 
the 
na-
tional media campaign under subsection 
(a)(1), the Secretary may tailor culturally 
competent advertisements and other com-
munications of the campaign across all 
available media for a target audience (such 
as a particular geographic location or demo-
graphic) across the lifespan. 
(2) TARGETING CERTAIN LOCAL AREAS.—The 
Secretary shall, to the maximum extent 
practicable, use amounts made available 
under subsection (f) for media that targets 
individuals in local areas with higher suicide 
rates. 
(c) USE OF FUNDS.— 
(1) REQUIRED USES.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall, to 
the extent reasonably feasible with the funds 
made available under subsection (f), carry 
out the following, with respect to the na-
tional media campaign: 
(i) The purchase of advertising time and 
space, including the strategic planning for, 
and accounting of, any such purchase. 
(ii) Creative services and talent costs. 
(iii) Advertising production costs. 
(iv) Testing and evaluation of advertising. 
(v) Evaluation of the effectiveness of the 
national media campaign. 
(vi) 
Operational 
and 
management 
ex-
penses. 
(vii) The creation of an educational toolkit 
for television and social media platforms to 
use in discussing suicide and raising aware-
ness about how to prevent suicide. 
(B) SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS.— 
(i) TESTING
AND
EVALUATION
OF
ADVER-
TISING.—In testing and evaluating adver-
tising under subparagraph (A)(iv), the Sec-
retary shall test all advertisements after use 
in the national media campaign to evaluate 
the extent to which such advertisements 
have been effective in carrying out the pur-
poses of the national media campaign. 
(ii) EVALUATION OF EFFECTIVENESS OF NA-
TIONAL MEDIA CAMPAIGN.—In evaluating the 
effectiveness of the national media campaign 
under subparagraph (A)(v), the Secretary 
shall take into account— 
(I) the number of unique calls that are 
made to the suicide prevention hotline main-
tained under section 520E–3 of the Public 
Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290bb–36c) and 
assess whether there are any State and re-
gional variations with respect to the capac-
ity to answer such calls; 
(II) the number of unique encounters with 
suicide prevention and support resources of 
the Centers for Disease Control and Preven-
tion and the Substance Abuse and Mental 
Health Services Administration and assess 
engagement with such suicide prevention 
and support resources; 
(III) whether the national media campaign 
has contributed to increased awareness that 
suicidal individuals should be engaged, rath-
er than ignored; and 
(IV) such other measures of evaluation as 
the Secretary determines are appropriate. 
(2) OPTIONAL USES.—The Secretary may use 
amounts made available under subsection (f) 
for the following, with respect to the na-
tional media campaign: 
(A) Partnerships with professional and 
civic groups, community-based organiza-
tions, including faith-based organizations, 
and Government or Tribal organizations that 
the Secretary determines have experience in 
suicide prevention, including the Substance 
Abuse and Mental Health Services Adminis-
tration and the Centers for Disease Control 
and Prevention. 
(B) 
Entertainment 
industry 
outreach, 
interactive outreach, media projects and ac-
tivities, public information, news media out-
reach, outreach through television programs, 
and corporate sponsorship and participation. 
(d) PROHIBITIONS.—None of the amounts 
made available under subsection (f) may be 
obligated or expended for any of the fol-
lowing: 
(1) To supplant current suicide prevention 
campaigns. 
(2) For partisan political purposes, or to 
express advocacy in support of or to defeat 
any clearly identified candidate, clearly 
identified ballot initiative, or clearly identi-
fied legislative or regulatory proposal. 
(e) REPORT TO CONGRESS.—Not later than 
18 months after implementation of the na-
tional media campaign has begun, the Sec-
retary, in coordination with the Assistant 
Secretary and the Director, shall, with re-
spect to the first year of the national media 
campaign, submit to Congress a report that 
describes— 
(1) the strategy of the national media cam-
paign and whether specific objectives of such 
campaign 
were 
accomplished, 
including 
whether such campaign impacted the num-
ber of calls made to lifeline crisis centers 
and the capacity of such centers to manage 
such calls; 
(2) steps taken to ensure that the national 
media campaign operates in an effective and 
efficient manner consistent with the overall 
strategy and focus of the national media 
campaign; 
(3) plans to purchase advertising time and 
space; 
(4) policies and practices implemented to 
ensure that Federal funds are used respon-
sibly to purchase advertising time and space 
and eliminate the potential for waste, fraud, 
and abuse; and 
(5) all contracts entered into with a cor-
poration, a partnership, or an individual 
working on behalf of the national media 
campaign. 
(f) AUTHORIZATION
OF
APPROPRIATIONS.— 
For purposes of carrying out this section, 
there is authorized to be appropriated 
$10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2021 
through 2025. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from 
Michigan (Mrs. DINGELL) and the gen-
tleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Michigan. 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Mrs. DINGELL. Madam Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-
bers may have 5 legislative days in 
which to revise and extend their re-
marks and include extraneous material 
on H.R. 4585. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-
woman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in support of 
H.R. 4585, the Campaign to Prevent 
Suicide Act. This legislation will fur-
ther facilitate access to existing Fed-
eral resources on suicide prevention by 
creating a national suicide prevention 
media campaign to help raise aware-
ness of the lifeline as well as advertise 
the new 988 number when it becomes 
available. 
Additionally, the Campaign to Pre-
vent Suicide Act will also provide guid-
ance to TV and social media companies 
on how effectively to communicate 
about suicide prevention through the 
creation of a media and best practices 
tool kit. 
Given the significant mental health 
impacts of the COVID–19 pandemic, en-
suring that Americans have access to 
the support they need during these try-
ing times is more important than ever. 
With multiple studies pointing to the 
pandemic’s significant impact on men-
tal health, including a fourfold in-
crease in depression reported by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
08:43 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00084
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K21SE7.131
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 83-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4633 
September 21, 2020 
CDC this summer, we cannot lose sight 
of this longstanding public health 
issue. 
I appreciate Representatives BEYER’s 
and GIANFORTE’s work on this legisla-
tion, which will provide resources for 
outreach on suicide prevention during 
a time when it is needed more than 
ever. We need to lift the stigma from 
people talking about this. It happens in 
every family and in every place. 
Madam Speaker, I urge my col-
leagues to support passage of this bill, 
and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. GIANFORTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today in sup-
port of H.R. 4585, the Campaign to Pre-
vent Suicide Act introduced by Rep-
resentative BEYER and me. I want to 
thank my friend, DON BEYER, for lead-
ing the effort on the bill. 
Our bill directs the Centers for Dis-
ease Control and Prevention, as well as 
the 
Substance 
Abuse 
and 
Mental 
Health Services Administration, to 
conduct a national suicide prevention 
education campaign. This includes ad-
vertising the new 988 number for the 
National Suicide Prevention Lifeline. 
The measure also encourages individ-
uals to engage people showing signs of 
suicidal behavior to provide them with 
the support that they need. 
We introduced this legislation to 
complement the efforts of both the leg-
islation to designate 988 as the suicide 
hotline and Mr. KATKO’s legislation to 
ensure funding to implement the des-
ignation. These bills are badly needed 
by a nation working to emerge from an 
unprecedented health and economic 
crisis. 
Madam Speaker, I ask my colleagues 
to come together here today and ad-
vance these bills, and I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Madam Speaker, I 
yield such time as he may consume to 
the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. 
BEYER). 
Mr. BEYER. Madam Speaker, today, 
I rise to urge my colleagues to support 
the bipartisan bill, H.R. 4585, the Cam-
paign to Prevent Suicide Act, that I in-
troduced 
with 
my 
friend, 
GREG 
GIANFORTE. 
September 
is 
Suicide 
Prevention 
Awareness Month, and for that very 
reason, this bill couldn’t be more im-
portant. Suicide is the 10th leading 
cause of death in the United States and 
the second leading cause of death for 
15- to 34-year-olds. Overall suicide rates 
increased 35 percent from 1999 through 
2018. 
Suicide can be prevented, but unfor-
tunately, it is still a taboo topic for 
much of American society. The stigma 
against discussing suicide and seeking 
help is a significant barrier to preven-
tion. It is one of those things where if 
suicide happened in a family, then no 
one would ever talk about it. 
It is important to tackle this head- 
on. I can’t tell you how many times I 
bring this up at an event—it is some-
thing that I have been working on with 
good friends like GREG—and there is 
this discomfort. People look away; 
they shuffle their feet; and some people 
slip out of the back of the room. Yet, 
every time at the end of the event peo-
ple will come up and say: Thank you so 
much for talking about that. I lost my 
aunt. I lost my brother. 
Nobody talks about it. A change in 
social norms from a culture of avoid-
ance to a culture of engagement is 
needed in order to ensure that those 
who need help can actually seek it. 
The United States Air Force has de-
veloped a similar initiative tailored to 
the Air Force in order to change the 
culture surrounding suicide, and re-
searchers found that it is associated 
with a 33 percent drop in the relative 
risk reduction in suicide. This reflects 
the importance of engaging, but the 
second piece is knowing how to do it. 
The Federal Communications Com-
mission has the new 988 number we all 
talked about, but of course, we have to 
tell people about it, which is why it is 
so time sensitive. 
The Campaign to Prevent Suicide 
would, number one, act to change the 
culture around suicide so Americans 
know to intervene rather than to ig-
nore. Again, when I was growing up, 
you were not supposed to say, ‘‘Debbie, 
are you feeling suicidal?’’ because you 
might give her the idea to do it. Now, 
we say, ‘‘Debbie, do you feel like hurt-
ing yourself?’’ or, ‘‘Do you want to kill 
yourself?’’ 
I was so thrilled when I went to the 
emergency room last year. I got some-
thing in my eye. I just had something 
in my eye, and the first thing they said 
is: Do you feel like killing yourself? 
I thanked the nurse, and I thanked 
the doctor for making sure that I was 
okay. 
Of course, it will be an awareness 
campaign for the new 988 number, but 
also it will educate media and social 
media because the world has changed. 
Today, often it will be a Facebook post 
or a tweet or an Instagram that might 
be the first hint that somebody is 
thinking about killing themselves. 
We are dealing with a suicide epi-
demic made worse during the pandemic 
because the very stress of the pandemic 
exacerbated it for all of us. With 200,000 
dead who are in the news all the time, 
we have a death anxiety that mostly 
only people in battle have. So, this is 
really, really important. 
Madam Speaker, I urge my col-
leagues to support this good bipartisan 
bill to save lives and to save the enor-
mous burden of grief that families feel. 
Mr. GIANFORTE. Madam Speaker, in 
closing, I just want to thank my friend, 
DON BEYER, again for his partnership 
on this and his real leadership. 
This is an important piece of legisla-
tion, Madam Speaker. I urge my col-
leagues to adopt it today, and I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Madam Speaker, I 
want to thank both of my colleagues 
for their leadership on this issue and 
for the willingness to talk about it 
publicly because we do need for people 
to acknowledge that it is a normal feel-
ing, and it is okay. I have seen it in my 
own family and wish that we had been 
willing to talk about it before it had 
been too late. 
Madam Speaker, I urge my col-
leagues to support this legislation, and 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by 
the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. 
DINGELL) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4585, as 
amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as 
amended, was passed. 
The title of the bill was amended so 
as to read: ‘‘A bill to require the Sec-
retary of Health and Human Services 
to conduct a national suicide preven-
tion media campaign, and for other 
purposes.’’. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
SUICIDE PREVENTION ACT 
Mrs. DINGELL. Madam Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 5619) to authorize a pilot pro-
gram to expand and intensify surveil-
lance of self-harm in partnership with 
State and local public health depart-
ments, to establish a grant program to 
provide self-harm and suicide preven-
tion services in hospital emergency de-
partments, and for other purposes, as 
amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5619 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Suicide Preven-
tion Act’’. 
SEC. 2. SYNDROMIC SURVEILLANCE OF SELF- 
HARM BEHAVIORS PROGRAM. 
Title III of the Public Health Service Act is 
amended by inserting after section 317U of such 
Act (42 U.S.C. 247b–23) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 317V. SYNDROMIC SURVEILLANCE OF SELF- 
HARM BEHAVIORS PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall award 
grants to State, local, Tribal, and territorial 
public health departments for the expansion of 
surveillance of self-harm. 
‘‘(b) DATA SHARING BY GRANTEES.—As a con-
dition of receipt of such grant under subsection 
(a), each grantee shall agree to share with the 
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in 
real time, to the extent feasible and as specified 
in the grant agreement, data on suicides and 
self-harm for purposes of— 
‘‘(1) tracking and monitoring self-harm to in-
form response activities to suicide clusters; 
‘‘(2) informing prevention programming for 
identified at-risk populations; and 
‘‘(3) conducting or supporting research. 
‘‘(c) DISAGGREGATION
OF
DATA.—The Sec-
retary shall provide for the data collected 
through surveillance of self-harm under sub-
section (b) to be disaggregated by the following 
categories: 
‘‘(1) Nonfatal self-harm data of any intent. 
‘‘(2) Data on suicidal ideation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
08:43 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00085
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\K21SE7.132
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 84-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4634 
September 21, 2020 
‘‘(3) Data on self-harm where there is no evi-
dence, whether implicit or explicit, of suicidal 
intent. 
‘‘(4) Data on self-harm where there is evi-
dence, whether implicit or explicit, of suicidal 
intent. 
‘‘(5) Data on self-harm where suicidal intent 
is unclear based on the available evidence. 
‘‘(d) PRIORITY.—In making awards under sub-
section (a), the Secretary shall give priority to 
eligible entities that are— 
‘‘(1) located in a State with an age-adjusted 
rate of nonfatal suicidal behavior that is above 
the national rate of nonfatal suicidal behavior, 
as determined by the Director of the Centers for 
Disease Control and Prevention; 
‘‘(2) serving an Indian Tribe (as defined in 
section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and 
Education Assistance Act) with an age-adjusted 
rate of nonfatal suicidal behavior that is above 
the national rate of nonfatal suicidal behavior, 
as determined through appropriate mechanisms 
determined by the Secretary in consultation 
with Indian Tribes; or 
‘‘(3) located in a State with a high rate of cov-
erage of statewide (or Tribal) emergency depart-
ment visits, as determined by the Director of the 
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. 
‘‘(e) GEOGRAPHIC DISTRIBUTION.—In making 
grants under this section, the Secretary shall 
make an effort to ensure geographic distribu-
tion, taking into account the unique needs of 
rural communities, including— 
‘‘(1) communities with an incidence of individ-
uals with serious mental illness, demonstrated 
suicidal ideation or behavior, or suicide rates 
that are above the national average, as deter-
mined by the Assistant Secretary for Mental 
Health and Substance Use; 
‘‘(2) communities with a shortage of preven-
tion and treatment services, as determined by 
the Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and 
Substance Use and the Administrator of the 
Health Resources and Services Administration; 
and 
‘‘(3) other appropriate community-level fac-
tors and social determinants of health such as 
income, employment, and education. 
‘‘(f) PERIOD
OF PARTICIPATION.—To be se-
lected as a grant recipient under this section, a 
State, local, Tribal, or territorial public health 
department shall agree to participate in the pro-
gram for a period of not less than 4 years. 
‘‘(g) TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE.—The Secretary 
shall provide technical assistance and training 
to grantees for collecting and sharing the data 
under subsection (b). 
‘‘(h) DATA SHARING BY HHS.—Subject to sub-
section (b), the Secretary shall, with respect to 
data on self-harm that is collected pursuant to 
this section, share and integrate such data 
through— 
‘‘(1) the National Syndromic Surveillance Pro-
gram’s 
Early 
Notification 
of 
Community 
Epidemics (ESSENCE) platform (or any suc-
cessor platform); 
‘‘(2) the National Violent Death Reporting 
System, as appropriate; or 
‘‘(3) another appropriate surveillance pro-
gram, including such a program that collects 
data on suicides and self-harm among special 
populations, such as members of the military 
and veterans. 
‘‘(i) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION REGARDING AP-
PLICABILITY
OF PRIVACY PROTECTIONS.—Noth-
ing in this section shall be construed to limit or 
alter the application of Federal or State law re-
lating to the privacy of information to data or 
information that is collected or created under 
this section. 
‘‘(j) REPORT.— 
‘‘(1) SUBMISSION.—Not later than 3 years after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary 
shall 
evaluate 
the 
suicide 
and 
self-harm 
syndromic surveillance systems at the Federal, 
State, and local levels and submit a report to 
Congress on the data collected under sub-
sections (b) and (c) in a manner that prevents 
the disclosure of individually identifiable infor-
mation, at a minimum, consistent with all appli-
cable privacy laws and regulations. 
‘‘(2) CONTENTS.—In addition to the data col-
lected under subsections (b) and (c), the report 
under paragraph (1) shall include— 
‘‘(A) challenges and gaps in data collection 
and reporting; 
‘‘(B) recommendations to address such gaps 
and challenges; and 
‘‘(C) a description of any public health re-
sponses initiated at the Federal, State, or local 
level in response to the data collected. 
‘‘(k) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.—To 
carry out this section, there are authorized to be 
appropriated $20,000,000 for each of fiscal years 
2021 through 2025.’’. 
SEC. 3. GRANTS TO PROVIDE SELF-HARM AND 
SUICIDE PREVENTION SERVICES. 
Part B of title V of the Public Health Service 
Act (42 U.S.C. 290aa et seq.) is amended by add-
ing at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 520N. GRANTS TO PROVIDE SELF-HARM 
AND SUICIDE PREVENTION SERV-
ICES. 
‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Health 
and Human Services shall award grants to hos-
pital emergency departments to provide self- 
harm and suicide prevention services. 
‘‘(b) ACTIVITIES SUPPORTED.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—A hospital emergency de-
partment awarded a grant under subsection (a) 
shall use amounts under the grant to implement 
a program or protocol to better prevent suicide 
attempts among hospital patients after dis-
charge, which may include— 
‘‘(A) screening patients for self-harm and sui-
cide in accordance with the standards of prac-
tice described in subsection (e)(1) and standards 
of care established by appropriate medical and 
advocacy organizations; 
‘‘(B) providing patients short-term self-harm 
and suicide prevention services in accordance 
with the results of the screenings described in 
subparagraph (A); and 
‘‘(C) referring patients, as appropriate, to a 
health care facility or provider for purposes of 
receiving long-term self-harm and suicide pre-
vention services, and providing any additional 
follow up services and care identified as appro-
priate as a result of the screenings and short- 
term self-harm and suicide prevention services 
described in subparagraphs (A) and (B). 
‘‘(2) USE
OF
FUNDS
TO
HIRE
AND
TRAIN 
STAFF.—Amounts awarded under subsection (a) 
may be used to hire clinical social workers, men-
tal and behavioral health care professionals, 
and support staff as appropriate, and to train 
existing staff and newly hired staff to carry out 
the activities described in paragraph (1). 
‘‘(c) GRANT TERMS.—A grant awarded under 
subsection (a)— 
‘‘(1) shall be for a period of 3 years; and 
‘‘(2) may be renewed subject to the require-
ments of this section. 
‘‘(d) APPLICATIONS.—A hospital emergency de-
partment seeking a grant under subsection (a) 
shall submit an application to the Secretary at 
such time, in such manner, and accompanied by 
such information as the Secretary may require. 
‘‘(e) STANDARDS OF PRACTICE.— 
‘‘(1) IN
GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this section, 
the Secretary shall develop standards of practice 
for screening patients for self-harm and suicide 
for 
purposes 
of 
carrying 
out 
subsection 
(b)(1)(C). 
‘‘(2) CONSULTATION.—The Secretary shall de-
velop the standards of practice described in 
paragraph (1) in consultation with individuals 
and entities with expertise in self-harm and sui-
cide prevention, including public, private, and 
non-profit entities. 
‘‘(f) REPORTING.— 
‘‘(1) REPORTS TO THE SECRETARY.— 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—A hospital emergency de-
partment awarded a grant under subsection (a) 
shall, at least quarterly for the duration of the 
grant, submit to the Secretary a report evalu-
ating the activities supported by the grant. 
‘‘(B) MATTERS TO BE INCLUDED.—The report 
required under subparagraph (A) shall in-
clude— 
‘‘(i) the number of patients receiving— 
‘‘(I) screenings carried out at the hospital 
emergency department; 
‘‘(II) short-term self-harm and suicide preven-
tion services at the hospital emergency depart-
ment; and 
‘‘(III) referrals to health care facilities for the 
purposes of receiving long-term self-harm and 
suicide prevention; 
‘‘(ii) information on the adherence of the hos-
pital emergency department to the standards of 
practice described in subsection (f)(1); and 
‘‘(iii) other information as the Secretary deter-
mines appropriate to evaluate the use of grant 
funds. 
‘‘(2) REPORTS TO CONGRESS.—Not later than 2 
years after the date of the enactment of the Sui-
cide Prevention Act, and biennially thereafter, 
the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on 
Health, Education, Labor and Pensions of the 
Senate and the Committee on Energy and Com-
merce of the House of Representatives a report 
on the grant program under this section, includ-
ing— 
‘‘(A) a summary of reports received by the 
Secretary under paragraph (1); and 
‘‘(B) an evaluation of the program by the Sec-
retary. 
‘‘(g) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.—To 
carry out this section, there are authorized to be 
appropriated $30,000,000 for each of fiscal years 
2021 through 2025.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from 
Michigan (Mrs. DINGELL) and the gen-
tleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Michigan. 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Mrs. DINGELL. Madam Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-
bers may have 5 legislative days in 
which to revise and extend their re-
marks and to include extraneous mate-
rial on H.R. 5619. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-
woman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in support of 
H.R. 5615, the Suicide Prevention Act. 
Currently, there is no complete data 
about suicide attempts or other in-
stances of self-harm in the United 
States. This fragmented and incom-
plete reporting hinders our ability to 
track trends and target suicide preven-
tion resources where they might be the 
most effective in preventing these 
tragedies from occurring. 
b 1845 
The Suicide Prevention Act will help 
strengthen data and reporting on sui-
cide by authorizing funding for the 
Centers for Disease Control and Pre-
vention to collaborate with State and 
local health departments to improve 
the tracking of these incidents. This 
enhanced data collection will allow for 
earlier intervention and better under-
standing of suicide trends, helping to 
better identify and treat at-risk indi-
viduals. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
08:43 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00086
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A21SE7.056
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 85-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4635 
September 21, 2020 
The 
legislation 
also 
creates 
a 
SAMHSA grant program to fund self- 
harm and suicide prevention services in 
hospital emergency departments. This 
includes screening at-risk patients, 
providing services as needed, and refer-
ring patients for follow-up care for 
long-term self-harm and suicide pre-
vention. 
Hospital emergency departments are 
on the front lines of providing critical 
behavior health services, and these re-
sources will help identify and treat in-
dividuals at the highest risk for suicide 
and self-harm. 
Madam Speaker, I appreciate my col-
leagues, Congressman STEWART
and 
Congresswoman MATSUI, for leading 
this important legislation, and I urge 
my colleagues to support its passage. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. GIANFORTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today in sup-
port of H.R. 5619, the Suicide Preven-
tion Act, by Representatives STEWART 
and MATSUI. 
This legislation establishes two grant 
programs to prevent self-harm and sui-
cide. One would be to help train emer-
gency room personnel in suicide pre-
vention strategies and screening. The 
bill also establishes a grant program to 
enhance data collection and sharing to 
help save lives. 
My home State of Montana, unfortu-
nately, has one of the highest suicide 
rates in the country. I thank my col-
leagues for bringing forward this im-
portant legislation. 
Madam Speaker, this is an important 
piece of legislation. I urge my col-
leagues to support it, and I yield back 
the balance of my time. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Madam Speaker, the 
gentleman is absolutely correct at how 
important a piece of legislation this is. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
legislation, and I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by 
the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. 
DINGELL) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5619, as 
amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as 
amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
SAFEGUARDING THERAPEUTICS 
ACT 
Mrs. DINGELL. Madam Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 5663) to amend the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to give 
authority to the Secretary of Health 
and Human Services, acting through 
the Commissioner of Food and Drugs, 
to 
destroy 
counterfeit 
devices, 
as 
amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5663 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Safe-
guarding Therapeutics Act’’. 
SEC. 2. AUTHORITY TO DESTROY COUNTERFEIT 
DEVICES. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 801(a) of the Fed-
eral Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 
381(a)) is amended— 
(1) in the fourth sentence, by inserting ‘‘or 
counterfeit device’’ after ‘‘counterfeit drug’’; 
and 
(2) by striking ‘‘The Secretary of the 
Treasury shall cause the destruction of’’ and 
all that follows through ‘‘liable for costs pur-
suant to subsection (c).’’ and inserting the 
following: ‘‘The Secretary of the Treasury 
shall cause the destruction of any such arti-
cle refused admission unless such article is 
exported, under regulations prescribed by 
the Secretary of the Treasury, within 90 days 
of the date of notice of such refusal or within 
such additional time as may be permitted 
pursuant to such regulations, except that the 
Secretary of Health and Human Services 
may destroy, without the opportunity for ex-
port, any drug or device refused admission 
under this section, if such drug or device is 
valued at an amount that is $2,500 or less (or 
such higher amount as the Secretary of the 
Treasury may set by regulation pursuant to 
section 498(a)(1) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 
U.S.C. 1498(a)(1))) and was not brought into 
compliance as described under subsection 
(b). The Secretary of Health and Human 
Services shall issue regulations providing for 
notice and an opportunity to appear before 
the Secretary of Health and Human Services 
and introduce testimony, as described in the 
first sentence of this subsection, on destruc-
tion of a drug or device under the seventh 
sentence of this subsection. The regulations 
shall provide that prior to destruction, ap-
propriate due process is available to the 
owner or consignee seeking to challenge the 
decision to destroy the drug or device. Where 
the Secretary of Health and Human Services 
provides notice and an opportunity to appear 
and introduce testimony on the destruction 
of a drug or device, the Secretary of Health 
and Human Services shall store and, as ap-
plicable, dispose of the drug or device after 
the issuance of the notice, except that the 
owner and consignee shall remain liable for 
costs pursuant to subsection (c).’’. 
(b) DEFINITION.—Section 201(h) of the Fed-
eral Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 
321(h)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subparagraphs (1), (2), 
and (3) as clauses (A), (B), and (C), respec-
tively; and 
(2) after making such redesignations— 
(A) by striking ‘‘(h) The term’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘(h)(1) The term’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(2) The term ‘counterfeit device’ means a 
device which, or the container, packaging, or 
labeling of which, without authorization, 
bears a trademark, trade name, or other 
identifying mark, imprint, or symbol, or any 
likeness thereof, or is manufactured using a 
design, of a device manufacturer, packer, or 
distributor other than the person or persons 
who in fact manufactured, packed, or distrib-
uted such device and which thereby falsely 
purports or is represented to be the product 
of, or to have been packed or distributed by, 
such other device manufacturer, packer, or 
distributor. 
‘‘(3) For purposes of subparagraph (2)— 
‘‘(A) the term ‘manufactured’ refers to any 
of the following activities: manufacture, 
preparation, propagation, compounding, as-
sembly, or processing; and 
‘‘(B) the term ‘manufacturer’ means a per-
son who is engaged in any of the activities 
listed in clause (A).’’. 
SEC. 3. DETERMINATION OF BUDGETARY EF-
FECTS. 
The budgetary effects of this Act, for the 
purpose of complying with the Statutory 
Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010, shall be deter-
mined by reference to the latest statement 
titled ‘‘Budgetary Effects of PAYGO Legisla-
tion’’ for this Act, submitted for printing in 
the Congressional Record by the Chairman of 
the House Budget Committee, provided that 
such statement has been submitted prior to 
the vote on passage. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from 
Michigan (Mrs. DINGELL) and the gen-
tleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Michigan. 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Mrs. DINGELL. Madam Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-
bers may have 5 legislative days in 
which to revise and extend their re-
marks and include extraneous material 
on H.R. 5663. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-
woman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in strong sup-
port of H.R. 5663, the Safeguarding 
Therapeutics Act. 
Madam Speaker, this legislation pro-
vides FDA additional authority to take 
action to protect public health and 
safety by extending the agency’s ad-
ministrative destruction authority for 
counterfeit medical devices, including 
diagnostic tests and surgical masks, as 
well as combination products, like vac-
cines, that may pose a threat to public 
health. 
Given the global marketplace and ex-
tended supply chains for complex med-
ical products, counterfeit medical de-
vices are becoming increasingly com-
mon, both in the United States and 
abroad. 
These 
counterfeit 
products 
pose a significant risk to patient 
health and safety, and ensuring that 
FDA has the appropriate authority to 
take action by seizing and destroying 
counterfeit medical devices will help 
safeguard America’s health. 
Under current law, counterfeit med-
ical devices and combination products 
are typically shipped back to the send-
er because of the limitations in FDA’s 
existing authority. This allows dan-
gerous counterfeit devices to remain in 
the supply chain, continuing to rep-
resent a significant risk to consumers. 
The Safeguarding Therapeutics Act is a 
straightforward, 
commonsense 
ap-
proach to this issue with bipartisan 
support that will provide FDA with au-
thority it already possesses with re-
spect to counterfeit drugs. 
Given the deficiencies highlighted 
with certain aspects of the healthcare 
supply chain throughout the current 
pandemic, taking action to further 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
08:43 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00087
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K21SE7.136
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 86-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4636 
September 21, 2020 
safeguard the supply chain from poten-
tially dangerous products is more im-
portant than ever. 
Madam Speaker, I thank my col-
leagues on the Committee on Energy 
and Commerce, Representatives GUTH-
RIE and ENGEL, for their work on this 
legislation, and I urge my colleagues to 
support its passage. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. GIANFORTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today in sup-
port of H.R. 5663, the Safeguarding 
Therapeutics Act, introduced by Rep-
resentatives GUTHRIE and ENGEL. This 
legislation would extend FDA’s admin-
istrative 
destruction 
authority 
to 
counterfeit and other illegal medical 
devices. 
Under current law, the FDA is au-
thorized to destroy certain imported 
drugs that may pose a threat to public 
health; however, this authority does 
not extend to medical devices. 
The passage of this legislation during 
the coronavirus pandemic is especially 
timely, as we have seen a surge in 
counterfeit COVID–19 test kits im-
ported to the United States. 
But it is not only counterfeit COVID– 
19 test kits entering our borders and 
posing risks to U.S. consumers. Inter-
national mail facilities have also inter-
cepted shipments of illegal contact 
lenses and combination products in re-
cent years. 
This additional authority will pre-
vent shippers from trying to send ille-
gal products back to the United States 
and may deter future illegal shipments 
of medical devices. 
Madam Speaker, I thank my col-
leagues, Representatives GUTHRIE and 
ENGEL, for working together in a bipar-
tisan manner to advance this legisla-
tion to provide the FDA with the addi-
tional tool to protect American con-
sumers against potentially dangerous 
medical products. 
Madam Speaker, I urge my col-
leagues to support this bipartisan leg-
islation, and I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Madam Speaker, I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. GIANFORTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from 
Kentucky (Mr. GUTHRIE). 
Mr. GUTHRIE. Madam Speaker, I 
rise today in support of my bill, the 
Safeguarding Therapeutics Act. 
Last year, I had the opportunity to 
visit the international mail facility at 
JFK Airport in New York. 
When 
counterfeit 
drugs 
come 
through the mail facilities, the FDA 
has the authority to destroy it. How-
ever, if that counterfeit drug is at-
tached to a syringe, it therefore con-
stitutes a medical device, and the FDA 
does not currently have the authority 
to destroy counterfeit medical devices. 
Instead, in most cases, they are mailed 
back to where they came from, where 
they are repackaged and sent right 
back to the United States. 
After visiting the mail facility, I 
joined with my colleague, Representa-
tive ELIOT ENGEL, to fix this, intro-
ducing the Safeguarding Therapeutics 
Act. This commonsense, bipartisan bill 
will give the FDA the authority to de-
stroy counterfeit medical devices at 
entry points into our country. These 
include items such as combination 
products, like injections and vaccines. 
If allowed into the country, these prod-
ucts could end up on the black market 
and harm American patients. 
The Safeguarding Therapeutics Act 
has become especially important now 
that the country is facing the COVID– 
19 pandemic. We have already seen in-
stances of counterfeit COVID–19 tests 
and products claiming to cure COVID 
being sent to the United States. Bad 
actors are marketing tests and treat-
ments that have not been approved by 
the FDA or the CDC. 
We need to give the FDA the ability 
to destroy these products as they enter 
the United States. While our Nation 
continues 
to 
grapple 
with 
the 
coronavirus pandemic, the last thing 
we need is fake COVID–19 tests and 
products in our market. 
Also, in going to the JFK Airport, 
you are standing there with the per-
sonnel, men and women who are wear-
ing the uniform of our country, receiv-
ing this mail moving forward. We gave 
them the authority: If it is a drug, they 
can destroy it if it is counterfeit; if it 
is a device, it is an interpretation, but 
they don’t have the authority to move 
forward. 
They even told me that sometimes 
they open the package, see that it is 
counterfeit, and they have to return it. 
They close the package, return it, and 
they will see the same package come 
back through the exact way that they 
taped it. 
So we need to give them the author-
ity. It doesn’t make sense. It is a com-
monsense approach. 
ELIOT ENGEL and I made this bipar-
tisan. I think every American citizen 
says that is not the way we want to op-
erate, and particularly in this time and 
this pandemic, and there are people 
trying to take advantage of this time 
and this pandemic. 
Madam Speaker, I appreciate bring-
ing this to the floor today. I appreciate 
the hard work of the Committee on En-
ergy and Commerce. 
I thank Representative ENGEL. I 
don’t think he represents JFK, but he 
does represent the great city of New 
York. 
Madam Speaker, I look forward to 
continuing to work with my colleagues 
on the Committee on Energy and Com-
merce 
as 
they 
respond 
to 
the 
coronavirus pandemic. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Madam Speaker, I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. GIANFORTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Madam Speaker, I thank Mr. GUTH-
RIE for his leadership on this and tak-
ing the initiative to get out and under-
stand the issue on the ground and 
crafting bipartisan legislation to solve 
this problem and protect American 
consumers. 
Madam Speaker, I urge adoption of 
this legislation, and I yield back the 
balance of my time. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Madam Speaker, I 
also thank Mr. GUTHRIE and Mr. ENGEL 
for their leadership. 
I think the American people under-
stand this issue more now than ever, 
unfortunately. I urge my colleagues to 
support this legislation. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by 
the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. 
DINGELL) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5663, as 
amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as 
amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
BLOCKING PROPERTY OF CERTAIN 
PERSONS WITH RESPECT TO THE 
CONVENTIONAL 
ARMS 
ACTIVI-
TIES OF IRAN—MESSAGE FROM 
THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED 
STATES (H. DOC. NO. 116–154) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following message 
from the President of the United 
States; which was read and, together 
with the accompanying papers, referred 
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs 
and Committee on the Judiciary and 
ordered to be printed: 
To the Congress of the United States: 
Pursuant to the Countering Amer-
ica’s Adversaries Through Sanctions 
Act (Public Law 115–44), the Inter-
national Emergency Economic Powers 
Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) (IEEPA), the 
National Emergencies Act (50 U.S.C. 
1601 et seq.), section 212(f) of the Immi-
gration and Nationality Act of 1952 (8 
U.S.C. 1182(f)), and section 301 of title 3, 
United States Code, I hereby report I 
have issued an Executive Order (the 
‘‘order’’) that affirms that it remains 
the policy of the United States to 
counter Iran’s malign influence in the 
Middle East, including transfers from 
Iran 
of 
destabilizing 
conventional 
weapons and acquisition of arms and 
related materiel by Iran. Transfers to 
and from Iran of arms or related mate-
riel or military equipment represent a 
continuing threat to regional and 
international security. Iran benefits 
from engaging in the conventional 
arms trade by strengthening its rela-
tionships with other outlier regimes, 
lessening its international isolation, 
and deriving revenue that it uses to 
support terror groups and fund malign 
activities. 
In light of these findings and in order 
to take additional steps with respect to 
the national emergency declared in Ex-
ecutive Order 12957 of March 15, 1995 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
08:43 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00088
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K21SE7.138
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 87-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4637 
September 21, 2020 
(Prohibiting Certain Transactions with 
Respect to the Development of Iranian 
Petroleum Resources), the order blocks 
property and interests in property of 
persons determined by the Secretary of 
State, in consultation with the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, or the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, in consultation 
with the Secretary of State: 
∑ To engage in any activity that ma-
terially contributes to the supply, sale, 
or transfer, directly or indirectly, to or 
from Iran, or for the use in or benefit 
of Iran, of arms or related materiel, in-
cluding spare parts; 
∑ To provide to Iran any technical 
training, financial resources or serv-
ices, advice, other services, or assist-
ance related to the supply, sale, trans-
fer, manufacture, maintenance, or use 
of arms and related materiel described 
above; 
∑ To have engaged, or attempted to 
engage, in any activity that materially 
contributes to, or poses a risk of mate-
rially contributing to, the proliferation 
of arms or related materiel or items in-
tended for military end-uses or mili-
tary end-users, including any efforts to 
manufacture, acquire, possess, develop, 
transport, transfer, or use such items, 
by the Government of Iran (including 
persons owned or controlled by, or act-
ing for or on behalf of the Government 
of Iran) or paramilitary organizations 
financially or militarily supported by 
the Government of Iran; 
∑ To have materially assisted, spon-
sored, or provided financial, material, 
or technological support for, or goods 
or services to or in support of, any per-
son whose property and interests in 
property are blocked pursuant to the 
order; or 
∑ To be owned or controlled by, or to 
have acted or purported to act for or on 
behalf of, directly or indirectly, any 
person whose property and interests in 
property are blocked pursuant to the 
order. 
Under section 212(f) of the Immigra-
tion and Nationality Act of 1952 (8 
U.S.C. 1182(f)), the order also suspends 
the 
immigrant 
and 
nonimmigrant 
entry into the United States of aliens 
determined to meet one or more of the 
criteria above for the blocking of prop-
erty and interests in property. 
I am enclosing a copy of the order I 
have issued. 
DONALD J. TRUMP.
THE WHITE HOUSE, September 21, 2020. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 4(b) of House Resolution 
967, and pursuant to House Resolution 
1128, the House stands adjourned until 9 
a.m. tomorrow for morning-hour de-
bate and 11 a.m. for legislative busi-
ness, as a further mark of respect to 
the memory of the late Honorable Ruth 
Bader Ginsburg. 
Thereupon (at 7 o’clock and 2 min-
utes p.m.), under its previous order, the 
House adjourned until tomorrow, Tues-
day, September 22, 2020, at 9 a.m. for 
morning-hour debate, as a further 
mark of respect to the memory of the 
late Honorable Ruth Bader Ginsburg. 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL 
Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the first and sec-
ond quarters of 2020, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2020 
Name of Member or employee 
Date 
Country 
Per diem 1 
Transportation 
Other purposes 
Total 
Arrival 
Departure 
Foreign 
currency 
U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 2 
Foreign 
currency 
U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 2 
Foreign 
currency 
U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 2 
Foreign 
currency 
U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 2 
Travel to Colombia, Peru, El Salvador, Hon-
duras—January 17–24, 2020 
Katy Quinn ...............................................................
1 /17 
1 /18 
El Salvador ...........................................
....................
207.45 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
207.45 
1 /18 
1 /20 
Honduras ..............................................
....................
548.00 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
548.00 
1 /20 
1 /22 
Peru ......................................................
....................
711.00 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
711.00 
1 /22 
1 /24 
Colombia ...............................................
....................
646.82 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
646.82 
Commercial airfare .........................................
.............
.................
...............................................................
....................
....................
....................
3,410.93 
....................
....................
....................
3,410.93 
Mark Morehouse ......................................................
1 /17 
1 /18 
El Salvador ...........................................
....................
207.45 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
207.45 
1 /18 
1 /20 
Honduras ..............................................
....................
548.00 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
548.00 
1 /20 
1 /22 
Peru ......................................................
....................
711.00 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
711.00 
1 /22 
1 /24 
Colombia ...............................................
....................
646.82 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
646.82 
Commercial airfare .........................................
.............
.................
...............................................................
....................
....................
....................
3,410.93 
....................
....................
....................
3,410.93 
Brian Garrett ...........................................................
1 /17 
1 /18 
El Salvador ...........................................
....................
207.45 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
207.45 
1 /18 
1 /20 
Honduras ..............................................
....................
548.00 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
548.00 
1 /20 
1 /22 
Peru ......................................................
....................
711.00 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
711.00 
1 /22 
1 /24 
Colombia ...............................................
....................
646.82 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
646.82 
Commercial airfare .........................................
.............
.................
...............................................................
....................
....................
....................
3,410.93 
....................
....................
....................
3,410.93 
Chidi Blyden ............................................................
1 /17 
1 /18 
El Salvador ...........................................
....................
207.45 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
207.45 
1 /18 
1 /20 
Honduras ..............................................
....................
548.00 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
548.00 
1 /20 
1 /22 
Peru ......................................................
....................
711.00 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
711.00 
1 /22 
1 /24 
Colombia ...............................................
....................
646.82 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
646.82 
Commercial airfare .........................................
.............
.................
...............................................................
....................
....................
....................
3,410.93 
....................
....................
....................
3,410.93 
Travel to Germany, Djibouti, Kenya, Ethiopia with 
STAFFDEL Leggieri—January 19–25, 2020 
Jessica Carroll .........................................................
1 /20 
1 /22 
Djibouti .................................................
....................
762.00 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
762.00 
1 /22 
1 /23 
Kenya ....................................................
....................
299.00 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
299.00 
1 /23 
1 /24 
Ethiopia ................................................
....................
533.81 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
533.81 
Commercial airfare .........................................
.............
.................
...............................................................
....................
....................
....................
10,623.82 
....................
....................
....................
10,623.82 
Travel to Thailand, Vietnam, Cambodia, Malay-
sia—January 17–25, 2020 
Hon. Seth Moulton ...................................................
1 /17 
1 /21 
Vietnam ................................................
....................
706.00 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
706.00 
1 /21 
1 /22 
Cambodia .............................................
....................
236.00 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
236.00 
1 /22 
1 /24 
Thailand ................................................
....................
461.47 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
461/47 
Commercial airfare .........................................
.............
.................
...............................................................
....................
....................
....................
13,270.35 
....................
....................
....................
13,270.35 
Hon. Jim Banks .......................................................
1 /19 
1 /21 
Vietnam ................................................
....................
320.00 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
320.00 
1 /21 
1 /22 
Cambodia .............................................
....................
236.00 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
236.00 
1 /22 
1 /24 
Thailand ................................................
....................
461.47 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
461.47 
Commercial airfare .........................................
.............
.................
...............................................................
....................
....................
....................
13,406.15 
....................
....................
....................
13,406.15 
Laura Rauch ............................................................
1 /17 
1 /21 
Vietnam ................................................
....................
706.00 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
706.00 
1 /21 
1 /22 
Cambodia .............................................
....................
236.00 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
236.00 
1 /22 
1 /24 
Thailand ................................................
....................
461.47 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
461.47 
Commercial airfare .........................................
.............
.................
...............................................................
....................
....................
....................
13,666.95 
....................
....................
....................
13,666.95 
Eric Snelgrove ..........................................................
1 /19 
1 /21 
Vietnam ................................................
....................
320.00 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
320.00 
1 /21 
1 /22 
Cambodia .............................................
....................
236.00 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
236.00 
1 /22 
1 /24 
Thailand ................................................
....................
461.47 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
461.47 
Commercial airfare .........................................
.............
.................
...............................................................
....................
....................
....................
13,532.95 
....................
....................
....................
13,532.95 
Travel to Indonesia, Singapore—January 18–24, 
2020 
Shannon Green ........................................................
1 /19 
1 /22 
Indonesia ..............................................
....................
1,065.00 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
1,065.00 
1 /22 
1 /24 
Singapore ..............................................
....................
814.00 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
814.00 
Craig Greene ............................................................
1 /19 
1 /22 
Indonesia ..............................................
....................
1,065.00 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
1,065.00 
1 /22 
1 /24 
Singapore ..............................................
....................
814.00 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
814.00 
Jason Schmid ..........................................................
1 /19 
1 /22 
Indonesia ..............................................
....................
1,065.00 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
1,065.00 
1 /22 
1 /24 
Singapore ..............................................
....................
814.00 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
814.00 
Bess Dopkeen ..........................................................
1 /19 
1 /22 
Indonesia ..............................................
....................
1,065.00 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
1,065.00 
1 /22 
1 /24 
Singapore ..............................................
....................
814.00 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
814.00 
Travel to Germany—February 13–19, 2020 with 
CODEL Graham 
Hon. William ‘‘Mac’’ Thornberry ..............................
2 /15 
2 /17 
Germany ................................................
....................
1,717.70 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
1,717.70 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
08:43 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00089
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 8634
E:\CR\FM\A21SE7.060
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 88-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4638 
September 21, 2020 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2020— 
Continued 
Name of Member or employee 
Date 
Country 
Per diem 1 
Transportation 
Other purposes 
Total 
Arrival 
Departure 
Foreign 
currency 
U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 2 
Foreign 
currency 
U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 2 
Foreign 
currency 
U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 2 
Foreign 
currency 
U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 2 
Hon. Michael Turner ................................................
2 /13 
2 /19 
Germany ................................................
....................
1,717.70 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
1,717.70 
Hon. Elissa Slotkin ..................................................
2 /13 
2 /19 
Germany ................................................
....................
1,717.70 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
1,717.70 
Travel to Germany, Djibouti, Kenya—February 13– 
20, 2020 
Hon. Seth Moulton ...................................................
2 /15 
2 /16 
Germany ................................................
....................
773.00 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
773.00 
2 /17 
2 /18 
Djibouti .................................................
....................
402.00 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
402.00 
2 /18 
2 /20 
Kenya ....................................................
....................
638.00 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
638.00 
Commercial airfare .........................................
.............
.................
...............................................................
....................
....................
....................
14,607.00 
....................
....................
....................
14,607.00 
Laura Rauch ............................................................
2 /15 
2 /16 
Germany ................................................
....................
773.00 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
773.00 
2 /17 
2 /18 
Djibouti .................................................
....................
402.00 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
402.00 
2 /18 
2 /20 
Kenya ....................................................
....................
638.00 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
638.00 
Commercial airfare .........................................
.............
.................
...............................................................
....................
....................
....................
14,607.00 
....................
....................
....................
14,607.00 
Travel to Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Lebanon—February 
13–22, 2020 
Jonathan Lord ..........................................................
2 /14 
2 /16 
Saudi Arabia .........................................
....................
856.76 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
856.76 
2 /17 
2 /19 
Egypt .....................................................
....................
825.72 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
825.72 
2 /19 
2 /22 
Lebanon ................................................
....................
550.00 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
550.00 
Commercial airfare .........................................
.............
.................
...............................................................
....................
....................
....................
11,919.51 
....................
....................
....................
11,919.51 
Mark Morehouse ......................................................
2 /14 
2 /16 
Saudi Arabia .........................................
....................
856.76 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
856.76 
2 /17 
2 /19 
Egypt .....................................................
....................
825.72 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
825.72 
2 /19 
2 /22 
Lebanon ................................................
....................
550.00 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
550.00 
Commercial airfare .........................................
.............
.................
...............................................................
....................
....................
....................
11,919.51 
....................
....................
....................
11,919.51 
Jessica Carroll .........................................................
2 /14 
2 /16 
Saudi Arabia .........................................
....................
856.76 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
856.76 
2 /17 
2 /19 
Egypt .....................................................
....................
825.72 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
825.72 
2 /19 
2 /22 
Lebanon ................................................
....................
550.00 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
550.00 
Commercial airfare .........................................
.............
.................
...............................................................
....................
....................
....................
11,919.51 
....................
....................
....................
11,919.51 
Travel to Germany, Ukraine, Kuwait, Iraq, Ghana, 
Spain, Gibraltar, Mauritania—February 14–22, 
2020 with CODEL Inhoft 
Hon. Trent Kelly .......................................................
2 /14 
2 /15 
Germany ................................................
....................
316.69 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
316.69 
1 /15 
2 /17 
Kuwait ...................................................
....................
513.26 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
513.26 
2 /17 
2 /18 
Uganda .................................................
....................
255.00 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
255.00 
2 /18 
2 /19 
Ghana ...................................................
....................
327.00 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
327.00 
2 /19 
2 /19 
Mauritania ............................................
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
2 /19 
2 /20 
Spain ....................................................
....................
231.52 
....................
....................
....................
....................
....................
231.52 
Committee total .........................................
.............
.................
...............................................................
....................
39,545.78 
....................
143,116.47 
....................
....................
....................
182,662.25 
1 Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2 If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
HON. ADAM SMITH, Feb. 29, 2020. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2020 
Name of Member or employee 
Date 
Country 
Per diem 1 
Transportation 
Other purposes 
Total 
Arrival 
Departure 
Foreign 
currency 
U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 2 
Foreign 
currency 
U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 2 
Foreign 
currency 
U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 2 
Foreign 
currency 
U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES 
Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicate and return. ◊ 
1 Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2 If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
HON. ADAM SMITH, June 30, 2020. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ETHICS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2020 
Name of Member or employee 
Date 
Country 
Per diem 1 
Transportation 
Other purposes 
Total 
Arrival 
Departure 
Foreign 
currency 
U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 2 
Foreign 
currency 
U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 2 
Foreign 
currency 
U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 2 
Foreign 
currency 
U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES 
Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicate and return. ◊ 
1 Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2 If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
HON. THEODORE E. DEUTCH, Sept. 8, 2020. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, SELECT COMMITTEE ON THE MODERNIZATION OF CONGRESS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 
AND MAR. 31, 2020 
Name of Member or employee 
Date 
Country 
Per diem 1 
Transportation 
Other purposes 
Total 
Arrival 
Departure 
Foreign 
currency 
U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 2 
Foreign 
currency 
U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 2 
Foreign 
currency 
U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 2 
Foreign 
currency 
U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES 
Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicate and return. ◊ 
1 Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2 If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
HON. DEREK KILMER, Sept. 1, 2020. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
08:43 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00090
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 8634
E:\CR\FM\A21SE7.059
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 89-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4639 
September 21, 2020 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, SELECT COMMITTEE ON THE MODERNIZATION OF CONGRESS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR. 1 
AND JUNE 30, 2020 
Name of Member or employee 
Date 
Country 
Per diem 1 
Transportation 
Other purposes 
Total 
Arrival 
Departure 
Foreign 
currency 
U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 2 
Foreign 
currency 
U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 2 
Foreign 
currency 
U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 2 
Foreign 
currency 
U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES 
Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicate and return. ◊ 
1 Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2 If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
HON. DEREK KILMER, Sept. 1, 2020. 
h 
BUDGETARY EFFECTS OF PAYGO LEGISLATION 
Pursuant to the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010 (PAYGO), Mr. YARMUTH hereby submits, prior to the vote on 
passage, for printing in the CONGRESSIONAL RECORD, that H.R. 451, the Don’t Break Up the T-Band Act of 2020, as amended, 
would have no significant effect on the deficit, and therefore, the budgetary effects of such bill are estimated as zero. 
Pursuant to the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010 (PAYGO), Mr. YARMUTH hereby submits, prior to the vote on 
passage, for printing in the CONGRESSIONAL RECORD, that H.R. 1418, the Competitive Health Insurance Reform Act of 2020, 
as amended, would have no significant effect on the deficit, and therefore, the budgetary effects of such bill are estimated 
as zero. 
Pursuant to the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010 (PAYGO), Mr. YARMUTH hereby submits, prior to the vote on 
passage, for printing in the CONGRESSIONAL RECORD, that H.R. 3349, the Republic of Texas Legation Memorial Act, as 
amended, would have no significant effect on the deficit, and therefore, the budgetary effects of such bill are estimated 
as zero. 
Pursuant to the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010 (PAYGO), Mr. YARMUTH hereby submits, prior to the vote on 
passage, for printing in the CONGRESSIONAL RECORD, that H.R. 3465, the Fallen Journalists Memorial Act, as amended, 
would have no significant effect on the deficit, and therefore, the budgetary effects of such bill are estimated as zero. 
Pursuant to the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010 (PAYGO), Mr. YARMUTH hereby submits, prior to the vote on 
passage, for printing in the CONGRESSIONAL RECORD, that H.R. 5309, the CROWN Act of 2020, as amended, would have no 
significant effect on the deficit, and therefore, the budgetary effects of such bill are estimated as zero. 
Pursuant to the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010 (PAYGO), Mr. YARMUTH hereby submits, prior to the vote on 
passage, the attached estimate of the costs of H.R. 5322, the Ensuring Diversity in Community Banking Act, as amended, 
for printing in the CONGRESSIONAL RECORD. 
ESTIMATE OF PAY-AS-YOU-GO EFFECTS FOR H.R. 5322 
By fiscal year, in millions of dollars— 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2023 
2024 
2025 
2026 
2027 
2028 
2029 
2030 
2020– 
2025 
2020– 
2030 
Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Impact ...................................................................................................................................................
0 
5 
2 
647 
457 
277 
2 
2 
2 
3 ¥1,397 
1388 
0 
Components may not sum to totals because of rounding. 
Pursuant to the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010 (PAYGO), Mr. YARMUTH hereby submits, prior to the vote on 
passage, for printing in the CONGRESSIONAL RECORD, that H.R. 5663, the Safeguarding Therapeutics Act, as amended, would 
have no significant effect on the deficit, and therefore, the budgetary effects of such bill are estimated as zero. 
Pursuant to the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010 (PAYGO), Mr. YARMUTH hereby submits, prior to the vote on 
passage, for printing in the CONGRESSIONAL RECORD, that H.R. 6100, the STOP FGM Act of 2020, as amended, would have 
no significant effect on the deficit, and therefore, the budgetary effects of such bill are estimated as zero. 
Pursuant to the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010 (PAYGO), Mr. YARMUTH hereby submits, prior to the vote on 
passage, for printing in the CONGRESSIONAL RECORD, that H.R. 6735, the COVID–19 Fraud Prevention Act, as amended, 
would have no significant effect on the deficit, and therefore, the budgetary effects of such bill are estimated as zero. 
h 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the 
Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
5329. A letter from the OSD FRLO, Office 
of the Secretary, Department of Defense, 
transmitting the Department’s final rule — 
Sexual Assault Prevention and Response 
Program Procedures [Docket ID: DoD-2019- 
OS-0084] (RIN: 0790-AK82) received September 
16, 2020, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); 
Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to 
the Committee on Armed Services. 
5330. A letter from the OSD FRLO, Office 
of the Secretary, Department of Defense, 
transmitting the Department’s final rule — 
Defense Commissary Agency Privacy Act 
Program 
[Docket 
ID: 
DOD-2019-OS-0080] 
(RIN: 0790-AK72) received September 16, 2020, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Armed Services. 
5331. A letter from the OSD FRLO, Office 
of the Secretary, Department of Defense, 
transmitting the Department’s final rule — 
User Fees [Docket ID: DOD-2018-OS-0044] 
(RIN: 0790-AK45) received September 16, 2020, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Armed Services. 
5332. A letter from the OSD FRLO, Office 
of the Secretary, Department of Defense, 
transmitting the Department’s final rule — 
Service Academies [Docket ID: DOD-2020-OS- 
0059] (RIN: 0790-AL02) received September 16, 
2020, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public 
Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
Committee on Armed Services. 
5333. A letter from the OSD FRLO, Office 
of the Secretary, Department of Defense, 
transmitting the Department’s interim final 
rule — TRICARE Coverage of Certain Med-
ical Benefits in Response to the COVID-19 
Pandemic [Docket ID: DOD-2020-HA-0050] 
(RIN: 0720-AB82) received September 16, 2020, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Armed Services. 
5334. A letter from the OSD FRLO, Office 
of the Secretary, Department of Defense, 
transmitting the Department’s final rule — 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
08:43 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00091
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A21SE7.059
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 90-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4640 
September 21, 2020 
Collection From Third Party Payers of Rea-
sonable Charges for Healthcare Services 
[Docket ID: DOD-2016-HA-0107] (RIN: 0720- 
AB68] received September 16, 2020, pursuant 
to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, 
Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on 
Armed Services. 
5335. A letter from the OSD FRLO, Office 
of the Secretary, Department of Defense, 
transmitting the Department’s final rule — 
Sexual Assault Prevention and Response 
(SAPR) Program [DOD-2008-OS-0124] (RIN: 
0790-AJ40) received September 17, 2020, pursu-
ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 
121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee 
on Armed Services. 
5336. A letter from the OSD FRLO, Office 
of the Secretary, Department of Defense, 
transmitting the Department’s final rule — 
Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Sup-
plement: 
Definition 
of 
‘‘Micro-Purchase 
Threshold’’ (DFARS Case 2018-D056) [Docket 
DARS-2019-0068] (RIN: 0750-AK17) received 
September 17, 2020, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Serv-
ices. 
5337. A letter from the OSD FRLO, Office 
of the Secretary, Department of Defense, 
transmitting the Department’s final rule — 
Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Sup-
plement: Use of Defense Logistics Agency 
Energy as a Source of Fuel (DFARS Case 
2020-D003) [Docket: DARS-2020-0029] (RIN: 
0750-AK90) received September 17, 2020, pur-
suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 
121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee 
on Armed Services. 
5338. A letter from the OSD FRLO, Office 
of the Secretary, Department of Defense, 
transmitting the Department’s final rule — 
Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Sup-
plement: Repeal of DFARS Clause ‘‘Order-
ing’’ 
(DFARS 
Case 
2020-D024) 
[Docket: 
DARS-2020-0028] (RIN: 0750-AL10) received 
September 17, 2020, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Serv-
ices. 
5339. A letter from the Secretary, Securi-
ties and Exchange Commission, transmitting 
the Commission’s Major final rule — Amend-
ing the ‘‘Accredited Investor’’ Definition 
[Release Nos.: 33-10824; 34-89669; File No. S7- 
25-19] (RIN: 3235-AM19) received September 
17, 2020, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); 
Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to 
the Committee on Financial Services. 
5340. A letter from the Secretary, Securi-
ties and Exchange Commission, transmitting 
the Commission’s final rule — Rescission of 
Effective-Upon-Filing Procedure for NMS 
Plan Fee Amendments and Modified Proce-
dures for Proposed NMS Plans and Plan 
Amendments [Release No.: 34-89618; File No.: 
S7-15-19] (RIN: 3235-AM56) received Sep-
tember 
17, 
2020, 
pursuant 
to 
5 
U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial 
Services. 
5341. A letter from the Secretary, Securi-
ties and Exchange Commission, transmitting 
the Commission’s final rule — Modernization 
of Regulation S-K Items 101, 103, and 105 [Re-
lease Nos.: 33-10825; 34-89670; File No.: S7-11- 
19] (RIN: 3235-AL78) received September 17, 
2020, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public 
Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
Committee on Financial Services. 
5342. A letter from the Secretary, Securi-
ties and Exchange Commission, transmitting 
the Commission’s temporary final rule — 
Temporary 
Amendments 
to 
Regulation 
Crowdfunding; Extension [Release No.: 33- 
10829] received September 17, 2020, pursuant 
to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, 
Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on 
Financial Services. 
5343. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Education, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s notice — Notice of the Rescission of 
Outdated Guidance Documents received Sep-
tember 
17, 
2020, 
pursuant 
to 
5 
U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education 
and Labor. 
5344. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Education, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Direct Grant Programs, 
State-Administered 
Formula 
Grant 
Pro-
grams, Non Discrimination on the Basis of 
Sex in Education Programs or Activities Re-
ceiving Federal Financial Assistance, Devel-
oping Hispanic-Serving Institutions Pro-
gram, Strengthening Institutions Program, 
Strengthening Historically Black Colleges 
and Universities Program, and Strength-
ening Historically Black Graduate Institu-
tion Program [Docket ID: ED-2019-OPE-0080] 
(RIN: 1840-AD45) received September 17, 2020, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Education and Labor. 
5345. A letter from the Deputy Assistant 
General Counsel, Office of Special Education 
and Rehabilitative Services, Department of 
Education, transmitting the Department’s 
final priority and requirements — Technical 
Assistance on State Data Collection-IDEA 
Data Management Center [Docket ID: ED- 
2019-OSERS-0025; Catalog of Federal Domes-
tic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 84.373M.] re-
ceived September 17, 2020, pursuant to 5 
U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor. 
5346. A letter from the Chairman, Surface 
Transportation 
Board, 
transmitting 
the 
Board’s final rule — Waybill Sample Report-
ing [EP 385 (Sub-No. 8)] received September 
17, 2020, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); 
Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to 
the Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk 
for printing and reference to the proper 
calendar, as follows: 
Mr. PALLONE: Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. H.R. 2271. A bill to amend the 
Public Health Service Act to improve the 
health of children and help better under-
stand and enhance awareness about unex-
pected sudden death in early life; with an 
amendment (Rept. 116–524). Referred to the 
Committee of the Whole House on the state 
of the Union. 
Mr. NADLER: Committee on the Judici-
ary. H.R. 5309. A bill to prohibit discrimina-
tion based on an individual’s texture or style 
of hair; with an amendment (Rept. 116–525, 
Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the 
Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. NADLER: Committee on the Judici-
ary. H.R. 5602. A bill to authorize dedicated 
domestic terrorism offices within the De-
partment of Homeland Security, the Depart-
ment of Justice, and the Federal Bureau of 
Investigation to analyze and monitor domes-
tic terrorist activity and require the Federal 
Government to take steps to prevent domes-
tic terrorism; with an amendment (Rept. 116– 
526, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the 
Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. PALLONE: Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. H.R. 4996. A bill to amend title 
XIX of the Social Security Act to provide for 
a State option under the Medicaid program 
to provide for and extend continuous cov-
erage for certain individuals, and for other 
purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 116–527). 
Referred to the Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. MCGOVERN: Committee on Rules. 
House Resolution 1129. A resolution pro-
viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4447) 
to establish an energy storage and microgrid 
grant and technical assistance program; pro-
viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6270) 
to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
to require issuers to make certain disclo-
sures relating to the Xinjiang Uyghur Au-
tonomous Region, and for other purposes; 
and providing for consideration of the bill 
(H.R. 8319) making continuing appropriations 
for fiscal year 2021, and for other purposes 
(Rept. 116–528). Referred to the House Cal-
endar. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce 
discharged from further consideration. 
H.R. 3256. referred to the Committee of 
the Whole House on the state of the 
Union. 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the 
Committee on Education and Labor 
discharged from further consideration. 
H.R. 5309 referred to the Committee of 
the Whole House on the state of the 
Union. 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the 
Committees on Homeland Security and 
Armed Services discharged from fur-
ther consideration. H.R. 5602 referred 
to the Committee of the Whole House 
on the state of the Union. 
f 
TIME LIMITATION OF REFERRED 
BILL 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XII, the 
following action was taken by the 
Speaker: 
H.R. 2328. Referral to the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure extended 
for a period ending not later than November 
20, 2020. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following 
titles were introduced and severally re-
ferred, as follows: 
By Mrs. LOWEY: 
H.R. 8319. A bill making continuing appro-
priations for fiscal year 2021, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and in addition to the Committee on 
the Budget, for a period to be subsequently 
determined by the Speaker, in each case for 
consideration of such provisions as fall with-
in the jurisdiction of the committee con-
cerned. 
By Mr. SABLAN: 
H.R. 8320. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Labor to establish apprenticeships or ex-
panding opportunities through apprentice-
ships for outlying areas, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Education and 
Labor. 
By Ms. ADAMS: 
H.R. 8321. A bill to promote diversity in the 
national apprenticeship system; to the Com-
mittee on Education and Labor. 
By Mr. BALDERSON (for himself and 
Ms. SHALALA): 
H.R. 8322. A bill to amend title XI of the 
Social Security Act to provide the Secretary 
of Health and Human Services with the au-
thority to temporarily modify certain Medi-
care requirements for hospice care during 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
08:43 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00092
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\L21SE7.000
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 91-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4641 
September 21, 2020 
the COVID public health emergency; to the 
Committee on Ways and Means, and in addi-
tion to the Committee on Energy and Com-
merce, for a period to be subsequently deter-
mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-
sideration of such provisions as fall within 
the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BRINDISI: 
H.R. 8323. A bill to require social media 
companies to establish an office dedicated to 
identifying and removing violent and gory 
content that violates such company’s social 
media platform content moderation stand-
ards; to the Committee on Energy and Com-
merce. 
By Mr. BUDD (for himself and Ms. 
SCHAKOWSKY): 
H.R. 8324. A bill to provide for domestic 
sourcing of personal protective equipment, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Energy and Commerce, and in addition to 
the Committees on Armed Services, Vet-
erans’ Affairs, Homeland Security, Edu-
cation and Labor, and Oversight and Reform, 
for a period to be subsequently determined 
by the Speaker, in each case for consider-
ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-
risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois (for 
himself, Mr. COSTA, Mr. BACON, and 
Ms. SPANBERGER): 
H.R. 8325. A bill to amend the Families 
First Coronavirus Response Act to extend 
National School Lunch Program require-
ment waivers addressing COVID-19, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor. 
By Ms. FINKENAUER (for herself and 
Mr. HAGEDORN): 
H.R. 8326. A bill to amend the Public Works 
and Economic Development Act of 1965 to re-
quire eligible recipients of certain grants to 
develop a comprehensive economic develop-
ment strategy that directly or indirectly in-
creases the accessibility of affordable, qual-
ity child care, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure, and in addition to the Committee 
on Financial Services, for a period to be sub-
sequently determined by the Speaker, in 
each case for consideration of such provi-
sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
By Mr. HAGEDORN (for himself and 
Mr. CUELLAR): 
H.R. 8327. A bill to provide for the dissemi-
nation to farm and agricultural workers of 
information and training on best practices 
used to respond to the COVID-19 pandemic, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Agriculture. 
By Mr. HARDER of California: 
H.R. 8328. A bill to support the establish-
ment of an apprenticeship college consor-
tium; to the Committee on Education and 
Labor. 
By Mr. MCCAUL: 
H.R. 8329. A bill to eliminate or substan-
tially reduce the global availability of crit-
ical technologies to United States arms em-
bargoed countries, and for other purposes; to 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Ms. PORTER (for herself, Ms. HER-
RERA BEUTLER, Mr. WELCH, Mr. COLE, 
Mr. TRONE, Mr. VAN
DREW, Mr. 
CISNEROS, and Mr. FITZPATRICK): 
H.R. 8330. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Service Act, the Employee Retire-
ment Income Security Act of 1974, and the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for 
certain health coverage of newborns; to the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in 
addition to the Committees on Education 
and Labor, and Ways and Means, for a period 
to be subsequently determined by the Speak-
er, in each case for consideration of such pro-
visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
By Mr. POSEY (for himself, Mr. WEBER 
of Texas, Mr. GAETZ, Mr. SPANO, and 
Mr. CLOUD): 
H.R. 8331. A bill to provide a funding limi-
tation on funds appropriated under the 
CARES Act; to the Committee on Foreign 
Affairs. 
By Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
(for 
himself 
and 
Mr. 
RESCHENTHALER): 
H.R. 8332. A bill to amend the Energy Pol-
icy Act of 2005 to reauthorize a program to 
address orphaned, abandoned, or idled wells 
on Federal land, to establish a program to 
provide grants to States and Tribes to ad-
dress orphaned wells, and for other purposes; 
to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mrs. DINGELL: 
H. Res. 1128. A resolution expressing the 
condolences of the House of Representatives 
on the death of the Honorable Ruth Bader 
Ginsburg, Associate Justice of the Supreme 
Court of the United States; considered and 
agreed to. considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. CURTIS (for himself, Mr. 
LOWENTHAL, Mr. KILDEE, Mr. TONKO, 
Mr. 
CUELLAR, 
Mr. 
PANETTA, 
Mr. 
KEATING, Mr. VARGAS, Mr. LARSEN of 
Washington, Mr. COX of California, 
Mr. 
LIPINSKI, 
Ms. 
MOORE, 
Mr. 
DEUTCH, Mr. RUSH, Mr. WELCH, Mr. 
O’HALLERAN, 
Mr. 
MCADAMS, 
Mr. 
HARDER of California, Mr. KIND, Mr. 
COSTA, Mr. TAKANO, Mr. BISHOP of 
Georgia, Mr. PAPPAS, Mr. SWALWELL 
of 
California, 
Mr. 
PETERS, 
Mrs. 
HAYES, Ms. SHALALA, Mr. COHEN, Ms. 
HAALAND, 
Ms. 
SCHAKOWSKY, 
Mr. 
CA´ RDENAS, Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of 
Pennsylvania, 
Mr. 
SUOZZI, 
Ms. 
DEGETTE, Mr. CASE, Mrs. RODGERS of 
Washington, 
Mr. 
REED, 
Mr. 
FITZPATRICK, Mr. GAETZ, Mr. AMODEI, 
Mr. COOK, Mr. TIMMONS, Mr. TAYLOR, 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina, Mr. 
ROONEY of Florida, Mr. STIVERS, Mr. 
MARSHALL, Mr. BALDERSON, Mr. NOR-
MAN, Mr. GALLAGHER, Mr. FULCHER, 
Mr. RICE
of South Carolina, Mr. 
SIMPSON, Mr. DIAZ-BALART, Mr. BUR-
GESS, Ms. STEFANIK, Mr. GROTHMAN, 
Mr. 
MCKINLEY, 
Mr. 
TIPTON, 
Mr. 
LAHOOD, 
Mr. 
NEWHOUSE, 
Mr. 
SCHWEIKERT, Mr. FORTENBERRY, Mr. 
HUDSON, Mr. ZELDIN, Mr. MAST, Mr. 
KINZINGER, Mr. MCHENRY, Mr. STEIL, 
Mr. BACON, Mr. FLEISCHMANN, Mr. 
GRAVES of Louisiana, and Mr. JOHN-
SON of South Dakota): 
H. Res. 1130. A resolution expressing sup-
port for the designation of the week of Sep-
tember 21 through September 25, 2020, as 
‘‘National Clean Energy Week‘‘; to the Com-
mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. GOTTHEIMER: 
H. Res. 1131. A resolution condemning the 
murder of Sara Duker and renouncing Pales-
tinian Authority martyr payments to terror-
ists; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, 
and in addition to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, for a period to be subsequently de-
termined by the Speaker, in each case for 
consideration of such provisions as fall with-
in the jurisdiction of the committee con-
cerned. 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H. Res. 1132. A resolution expressing sup-
port for the designation of September 2020 as 
‘‘Peace Month’’ and calling on Congress to 
take action to promote peace; to the Com-
mittee on Oversight and Reform. 
By Mr. PETERSON (for himself, Mr. 
HAGEDORN, Ms. CRAIG, Mr. PHILLIPS, 
Ms. 
MCCOLLUM, 
Ms. 
OMAR, 
Mr. 
EMMER, and Mr. STAUBER): 
H. Res. 1133. A resolution honoring the life 
and legacy of Coya Knutson; to the Com-
mittee on House Administration. 
By Ms. VELA´ ZQUEZ (for herself, Mr. 
CHABOT, Mr. CROW, Mrs. RADEWAGEN, 
Mr. ESPAILLAT, Mr. BALDERSON, Mr. 
GOLDEN, Mr. KEVIN HERN of Okla-
homa, Mr. SCHNEIDER, Mr. SPANO, Mr. 
JOYCE of Pennsylvania, Ms. JUDY CHU 
of California, Mr. BISHOP of North 
Carolina, 
Ms. 
FINKENAUER, 
Mr. 
EVANS, Ms. CRAIG, Ms. HOULAHAN, 
Mr. STAUBER, Ms. DAVIDS of Kansas, 
Ms. NORTON, Mr. COHEN, Mr. SIRES, 
Ms. WEXTON, Ms. PINGREE, Mr. CASE, 
Ms. BONAMICI, Mr. PETERSON, Mr. 
SMITH of Washington, Mr. PANETTA, 
Mr. FITZPATRICK, Mrs. LURIA, Mr. 
HORSFORD, and Mrs. FLETCHER): 
H. Res. 1134. A resolution expressing sup-
port for the designation of September 22, 
2020, to September 24, 2020, as ‘‘National 
Small Business Week‘‘ to honor the entrepre-
neurial spirit and contributions of small 
businesses and entrepreneurs in the United 
States; to the Committee on Small Business. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-
tives, the following statements are sub-
mitted regarding the specific powers 
granted to Congress in the Constitu-
tion to enact the accompanying bill or 
joint resolution. 
By Mrs. LOWEY: 
H.R. 8319. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The principal constitutional authority for 
this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of ar-
ticle I of the Constitution of the United 
States (the appropriation power), which 
states: 
‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treas-
ury, but in Consequence of Appropriations 
made by Law . . .’’ 
In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article 
I of the Constitution (the spending power) 
provides: 
‘‘The Congress shall have the Power . . . to 
pay the Debts and provide for the common 
Defence and general Welfare of the United 
States . . . ’’ 
Together, these specific constitutional pro-
visions establish the congressional power of 
the purse, granting Congress the authority 
to appropriate funds, to determine their pur-
pose, amount, and period of availability, and 
to set forth terms and conditions governing 
their use. 
By Mr. SABLAN: 
H.R. 8320. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Under Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitu-
tion. 
By Ms. ADAMS: 
H.R. 8321. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, clause 1 provides Con-
gress with the power to ‘‘lay and collect 
Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises’’ in order 
to ‘‘provide for the . . . general Welfare of 
the United States.’’ 
By Mr. BALDERSON: 
H.R. 8322. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 & Article I, 
Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. BRINDISI: 
H.R. 8323. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Sec. 8, Clause 3 (Commerce 
Clause); and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
(Necessary and Proper Clause). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
08:43 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00093
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\L21SE7.100
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 92-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H4642 
September 21, 2020 
By Mr. BUDD: 
H.R. 8324. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution 
By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois: 
H.R. 8325. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Ms. FINKENAUER: 
H.R. 8326. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 
8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitu-
tion. 
By Mr. HAGEDORN: 
H.R. 8327. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Under Article I, Section 8, the Necessary 
and Proper Clause. Congress shall have 
power to make all laws which shall be nec-
essary and proper for carrying into Execu-
tion the foregoing Powers and all Powers 
vested by this Constitution in the Govern-
ment of the United States, or any Depart-
ment or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. HARDER of California: 
H.R. 8328. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
U.S. Const. art. I, Sec 8 
By Mr. MCCAUL: 
H.R. 8329. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States 
By Ms. PORTER: 
H.R. 8330. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Mr. POSEY: 
H.R. 8331. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania: 
H.R. 8332. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, clause 2 
Article I, Section 8, clause 3 
Article I, Section 8, clause 18 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-
tions, as follows: 
H.R. 40: Ms. DELAURO. 
H.R. 96: Mrs. HAYES. 
H.R. 444: Mr. PETERSON. 
H.R. 616: Mr. NUNES. 
H.R. 1108: Mr. HIMES, Mr. MORELLE, Mrs. 
TORRES of California, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY, Mr. 
CRAWFORD, and Mr. SMITH of Missouri. 
H.R. 1325: Mr. GOLDEN, Mr. MCKINLEY, Mr. 
STIVERS, Mr. GAETZ, and Mr. FLORES. 
H.R. 1349: Mr. GOTTHEIMER. 
H.R. 1450: Mr. HOYER, Mr. NEAL, and Ms. 
SHERRILL. 
H.R. 1652: Mr. JOYCE of Ohio. 
H.R. 1769: Mr. TIFFANY. 
H.R. 1923: Mr. MOULTON. 
H.R. 1964: Mr. TIMMONS. 
H.R. 2200: Mr. HARDER of California. 
H.R. 2415: Ms. SHALALA and Mr. EVANS. 
H.R. 2442: Ms. WILSON
of Florida, Mr. 
MORELLE, Mr. GRIJALVA, and Mr. GARAMENDI. 
H.R. 2504: Mrs. DAVIS of California and Mr. 
STEUBE. 
H.R. 2739: Mr. SIRES. 
H.R. 2816: Mrs. LEE of Nevada. 
H.R. 2848: Mr. LEVIN of Michigan. 
H.R. 2850: Mr. FOSTER and Mr. SCOTT of 
Virginia. 
H.R. 3131: Ms. UNDERWOOD, Mr. SWALWELL 
of California, and Mr. TRONE. 
H.R. 3228: Mr. GOTTHEIMER. 
H.R. 3316: Mr. STAUBER. 
H.R. 3874: Mr. LYNCH and Ms. FRANKEL. 
H.R. 3975: Ms. HAALAND. 
H.R. 4554: Ms. LOFGREN. 
H.R. 4681: Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. 
H.R. 4701: Mrs. TORRES of California. 
H.R. 4807: Mrs. HAYES. 
H.R. 4817: Mrs. LEE of Nevada. 
H.R. 4822: Miss RICE of New York. 
H.R. 4864: Mr. COHEN, Mr. DESAULNIER, Mr. 
LEVIN
of California, Ms. FRANKEL, Mr. 
CARBAJAL, and Ms. DELBENE. 
H.R. 5046: Mrs. HAYES. 
H.R. 5081: Mr. SUOZZI. 
H.R. 5289: Mr. KEVIN HERN of Oklahoma. 
H.R. 5491: Mrs. LEE of Nevada. 
H.R. 5605: Mr. SCHIFF, Mr. STEUBE, Mr. 
HIMES, Ms. CASTOR of Florida, Mr. PANETTA, 
Ms. STEFANIK, and Mrs. TRAHAN. 
H.R. 5659: Mr. PHILLIPS. 
H.R. 5664: Mr. GOTTHEIMER. 
H.R. 5861: Mr. POCAN. 
H.R. 6118: Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER. 
H.R. 6142: Mr. RASKIN. 
H.R. 6210: Mr. CONNOLLY, Mr. HIMES, Ms. 
CLARKE of New York, Mr. PASCRELL, Mr. 
HASTINGS, Ms. SHALALA, Mr. LIPINSKI, Ms. 
MOORE, Mr. HICE of Georgia, Ms. ESHOO, Miss 
RICE of New York, Mr. KILDEE, Mrs. TRAHAN, 
Mr. PERRY, Mr. HUFFMAN, Ms. STEVENS, and 
Mr. CICILLINE. 
H.R. 6270: Ms. JACKSON LEE and Mr. GREEN 
of Texas. 
H.R. 6559: Mr. DEUTCH. 
H.R. 6574: Mr. AGUILAR. 
H.R. 6626: Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. 
H.R. 6703: Ms. LOFGREN. 
H.R. 6718: Ms. DELAURO. 
H.R. 6829: Ms. CASTOR of Florida and Mr. 
BERGMAN. 
H.R. 6956: Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. 
H.R. 7072: Mr. MCGOVERN. 
H.R. 7125: Mr. AGUILAR. 
H.R. 7155: Mr. AGUILAR. 
H.R. 7157: Mr. AGUILAR. 
H.R. 7198: Mr. AGUILAR. 
H.R. 7292: Mrs. KIRKPATRICK. 
H.R. 7293: Mrs. NAPOLITANO and Ms. DEAN. 
H.R. 
7338: 
Mr. 
MCKINLEY
and 
Mr. 
RESCHENTHALER. 
H.R. 7449: Mr. FOSTER. 
H.R. 7483: Ms. HAALAND, Mr. CA´ RDENAS, Mr. 
RUIZ, Mr. RUSH, Ms. KUSTER of New Hamp-
shire, Mr. TED LIEU of California, and Miss 
RICE of New York. 
H.R. 7515: Mr. KILMER and Mr. HECK. 
H.R. 7525: Ms. HAALAND. 
H.R. 7631: Mr. GOTTHEIMER. 
H.R. 7642: Mr. AMODEI, Mr. LANGEVIN, Mr. 
MEEKS, Mr. KEATING, Ms. BASS, Miss RICE of 
New York, Mr. SUOZZI, Mr. TED LIEU of Cali-
fornia, Mr. RASKIN, Mr. HIMES, Ms. FUDGE, 
and Mr. MOULTON. 
H.R. 7673: Mr. CHABOT. 
H.R. 7679: Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee, Mr. 
GIANFORTE, Mr. GOODEN, Ms. STEFANIK, and 
Mr. ARMSTRONG. 
H.R. 7700: Mrs. TRAHAN. 
H.R. 7718: Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. COHEN, and 
Ms. GARCIA of Texas. 
H.R. 7734: Mr. BUDD. 
H.R. 7777: Mrs. RADEWAGEN, Mr. CISNEROS, 
Mr. POSEY, Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, and 
Mr. RASKIN. 
H.R. 7839: Mr. SCHWEIKERT and Mr. CASE. 
H.R. 7854: Mr. GOTTHEIMER. 
H.R. 7867: Ms. ESHOO. 
H.R. 7868: Mr. MOOLENAAR. 
H.R. 7927: Mrs. HAYES. 
H.R. 7947: Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-
sylvania and Mr. REED. 
H.R. 8003: Ms. JUDY CHU of California. 
H.R. 8053: Ms. HAALAND. 
H.R. 8054: Mr. RICE of South Carolina. 
H.R. 8075: Mrs. LURIA and Mr. FOSTER. 
H.R. 8094: Mr. CASE and Ms. DAVIDS of Kan-
sas. 
H.R. 8098: Mr. WESTERMAN. 
H.R. 8099: Mr. PANETTA. 
H.R. 8117: Mr. TIFFANY. 
H.R. 8144: Mr. BROWN of Maryland. 
H.R. 8145: Mr. BROWN of Maryland. 
H.R. 8242: Ms. CLARKE of New York. 
H.R. 8256: Mr. YOHO, Mr. STEWART, Mr. 
OLSON, Mr. MARSHALL, Mr. BURGESS, and Mr. 
ESTES. 
H.R. 8265: Mrs. WALORSKI, Mr. MARCHANT, 
Mr. PENCE, Mr. LATTA, Mr. BUCSHON, Mrs. 
RODGERS of Washington, Mr. HAGEDORN, Mr. 
AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. RUTHERFORD, 
Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana, Mr. GOODEN, and 
Mr. WALBERG. 
H.R. 8266: Mr. KHANNA and Mr. SWALWELL 
of California. 
H.R. 8270: Mr. QUIGLEY, Mr. GONZALEZ of 
Ohio, Mr. FITZPATRICK, Mr. WEBER of Texas, 
Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. YOHO, Mr. FOS-
TER, and Mrs. BEATTY. 
H.R. 8286: Mrs. HARTZLER. 
H.R. 8294: Mr. HARDER of California. 
H.R. 8295: Ms. ESHOO. 
H.R. 8313: Ms. VELA´ ZQUEZ, Mr. SWALWELL of 
California, and Ms. JUDY CHU of California. 
H.R. 8318: Ms. KENDRA S. HORN of Okla-
homa. 
H. Con. Res. 10: Mr. CASE. 
H. Res. 114: Mr. POCAN. 
H. Res. 672: Mr. MEEKS. 
H. Res. 745: Mr. BROWN of Maryland. 
H. Res. 822: Ms. TITUS and Mr. KHANNA. 
H. Res. 835: Ms. ESHOO. 
H. Res. 931: Mr. CHABOT. 
H. Res. 1076: Ms. HAALAND. 
H. Res. 1077: Mrs. MILLER. 
H. Res. 1078: Mr. KHANNA. 
H. Res. 1094: Mr. FITZPATRICK and Mrs. 
LURIA. 
H. Res. 1099: Ms. TITUS, Mr. KILDEE, Ms. 
DEAN, Mr. THOMPSON
of Mississippi, Mr. 
THOMPSON of California, Mr. CICILLINE, Mr. 
SOTO, and Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. 
H. Res. 1103: Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. 
H. Res. 1116: Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana, Mrs. 
RODGERS of Washington, Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of 
Georgia, Mr. RUTHERFORD, Mr. BUCSHON, Mr. 
PENCE, Mr. CHABOT, and Mr. POSEY. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-
ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-
ITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or 
statements on congressional earmarks, 
limited tax benefits, or limited tariff 
benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BY MS. WATERS 
The provisions that warranted a referral to 
the Committee on Financial Services in H.R. 
6270 do not contain any congressional ear-
marks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff 
benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
OFFERED BY MRS. LOWEY 
H.R. 8319, making continuing appropria-
tions for fiscal year 2021, and for other pur-
poses, does not contain any congressional 
earmark, limited tax benefits, or limited tar-
iff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
OFFERED BY MR. YARMUTH 
The provisions that warranted a referral to 
the Committee on the Budget in H.R. 8319 do 
not contain any congressional earmarks, 
limited tax benefits, or limited tariff bene-
fits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
08:43 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00094
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A21SE7.066
H21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 93-
Congressional Record
U
N
U
M
E
P
LU
RI
B
U
S
United States
of America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 116th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.
S5719 
Vol. 166 
WASHINGTON, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 2020 
No. 163 
Senate 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was 
called to order by the Honorable JOSH 
HAWLEY, a Senator from the State of 
Missouri. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. 
Eternal God, who has given us the 
gift of life, consecrate with Your pres-
ence the way our lawmakers work 
today. Since they don’t know what a 
day will bring, help them to strive to 
serve You in faithfulness each moment. 
In all things, draw their minds to the 
goal of seeking to please You. As they 
draw near to You, illuminate their 
paths with Your wisdom and grace. 
Lord, show them how to unselfishly 
serve Your great purposes for human-
ity, proving themselves worthy of Your 
manifold blessings. 
And, Lord, as millions mourn Su-
preme Court Justice Ruth Bader Gins-
burg’s death, send the solace of Your 
comfort. 
We pray in Your unifying Name. 
Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The Presiding Officer led the Pledge 
of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-
lic for which it stands, one nation under God, 
indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING 
PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE 
The 
PRESIDING 
OFFICER. 
The 
clerk will please read a communication 
to the Senate from the President pro 
tempore (Mr. GRASSLEY). 
The bill clerk read the following let-
ter: 
U.S. SENATE, 
PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE, 
Washington, DC, September 21, 2020. 
To the Senate: 
Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, 
of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby 
appoint the Honorable JOSH HAWLEY, a Sen-
ator from the State of Missouri, to perform 
the duties of the Chair. 
CHUCK GRASSLEY, 
President pro tempore. 
Mr. HAWLEY thereupon assumed the 
Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Under the previous order, the 
leadership time is reserved. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
REMEMBERING JUSTICE RUTH 
BADER GINSBURG 
Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, our 
Nation is mourning the end of an ex-
ceptional American life. Justice Ruth 
Bader Ginsburg meant so much to our 
country. 
First and foremost, she was a bril-
liant, generational legal mind who 
climbed past one obstacle after another 
to summit the very pinnacle of her pro-
fession. 
Justice Ginsburg was a fixture on our 
Nation’s highest Court for more than a 
quarter of a century. She was not just 
a lawyer—no, not just a lawyer—but a 
leader. From majority opinions to im-
passioned dissents, her life’s work will 
not only continue to shape jurispru-
dence but also enlighten scholars and 
students for generations. 
By all accounts, Justice Ginsburg 
loved her work because she loved the 
law. In a more ordinary life story, her 
courage and continued excellence in 
the face of multiple serious illnesses 
would itself be the heroic climax rath-
er than just one more remarkable 
chapter among so many. 
On the Court, Justice Ginsburg was a 
universally admired colleague. It is no 
wonder that many Americans have 
taken particular comfort these past 
days 
in 
remembering 
her 
famous 
friendship with her ideological oppo-
site, the late Justice Scalia. 
Together, they made sure the halls of 
justice also rang with laughter and 
comedy. They rarely sat on the same 
side of a high-profile decision, but they 
still sat together at the opera and most 
any other time they could manage to 
be together. 
The legal world is mourning a giant, 
but Justice Ginsburg’s fellow Justices, 
a legion of loyal law clerks, and count-
less many others are mourning a close 
friend or a mentor. The Senate sends 
condolences to them all. 
Yet Justice Ginsburg’s impact on 
American life went deeper still. Fri-
day’s loss feels personal to millions of 
Americans who may never have made 
her acquaintance. 
Justice Ginsburg was a spirited, pow-
erful, and historic champion for Amer-
ican women to a degree that tran-
scends any legal or philosophical dis-
agreement. As she climbed from the 
middle-class, Brooklyn, Jewish roots, 
of which she was so proud, into the 
most rarefied air of law and govern-
ment, the future Justice had to sur-
mount one sexist obstacle after an-
other. 
Justice Ginsburg did not only climb 
the mountain; she blazed the trail. 
Through deeds, through words, and 
simply 
through 
her 
example, 
she 
helped clear away the cobwebs of preju-
dice. She opened one professional door 
after another and made certain they 
stayed open behind her. 
Directly or indirectly, she helped en-
tire generations of talented women 
build their lives as they saw fit and en-
rich our society through professional 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:23 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A21SE6.000
S21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 94-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S5720 
September 21, 2020 
work. Law and politics aside, no friend 
of equality could fail to appreciate Jus-
tice Ginsburg’s determination. 
Finally, while Justice Ginsburg rel-
ished forceful writing and detailed ar-
gument, she was also, in important 
ways, a uniter. In recent years, many 
who consider themselves her admirers 
and might wish to claim the Justice for 
their political ‘‘side’’ have come to em-
brace reckless proposals to politicize 
the very structure of the Court itself. 
But Justice Ginsburg remained un-
swerving in her public commitment to 
preserving the neutral foundation of 
the institution she loved. 
The entire Senate is united in think-
ing of and praying for Justice Gins-
burg’s 
family—most 
especially 
her 
daughter Jane, her son James, her 
grandchildren, 
step-grandchildren, 
great-granddaughter, 
and 
everyone 
who called her their own. 
f 
SUPREME COURT NOMINATIONS 
Mr. 
MCCONNELL. 
Mr. 
President, 
President Trump’s nominee for this va-
cancy will receive a vote on the floor of 
the Senate. Now, already, some of the 
same individuals who tried every con-
ceivable dirty trick to obstruct Justice 
Gorsuch and Justice Kavanaugh are 
lining up—lining up—to proclaim that 
the third time will be the charm. 
The American people are about to 
witness an astonishing parade of mis-
representations 
about 
the 
past, 
misstatements about the present, and 
more threats against our institutions 
from the same people who have already 
been saying for months—well before 
this—that they want to pack the 
Court. 
Two years ago, a radical movement 
tried to use unproven accusations to 
ruin a man’s life because they could 
not win a vote fair and square. Now 
they appear to be readying an even 
more appalling sequel. This time the 
target will not just be the presumption 
of innocence for one American but our 
very 
governing 
institutions 
them-
selves. 
There will be times in the days ahead 
to discuss the naked threats that lead-
ing Democrats have long been directing 
at the U.S. Senate and the Supreme 
Court itself. These threats have grown 
louder, but they predate this vacancy 
by many months. There will be time to 
discuss why Senators who appear on 
the steps of the Supreme Court and 
personally threaten Associate Justices 
if they do not rule a certain way are 
ill-equipped to give lectures on civics, 
but today let’s dispense with a few of 
the factual misrepresentations right at 
the outset. 
We are already hearing incorrect 
claims that there is not sufficient time 
to examine and confirm a nominee. We 
can debunk this myth in about 30 sec-
onds. As of today, there are 43 days 
until November 3 and 104 days until the 
end of this Congress. 
The late, iconic Justice John Paul 
Stevens was confirmed by the Senate 
19 days after this body formally re-
ceived his nomination—19 days from 
start to finish. Justice Sandra Day 
O’Connor, another iconic jurist, was 
confirmed 33 days after her nomina-
tion. For the late Justice Ginsburg her-
self, it was just 42 days. 
Justice Stevens’ entire confirmation 
process could have been played out 
twice between now and November 3, 
with time to spare, and Justice Gins-
burg herself could have been confirmed 
twice between now and the end of the 
year, with time to spare. 
The Senate has more than sufficient 
time to process a nomination. History 
and precedent make that perfectly 
clear. 
Others want to claim that this situa-
tion is exactly analogous to Justice 
Scalia’s passing in 2016 and so we 
should not proceed until January. This 
is also completely false. 
Here is what I said on the Senate 
floor the very first session day after 
Justice Scalia passed: ‘‘The Senate has 
not filled a vacancy arising in an elec-
tion year when there was divided gov-
ernment since 1888, almost 130 years 
ago.’’ 
Here is what I said the next day, 
when I spoke to the press for the first 
time on the subject: ‘‘[You] have to go 
back to 1888, when Grover Cleveland 
was President, to find the last time a 
vacancy created in a Presidential elec-
tion year was approved by a Senate of 
a different party.’’ 
As of then, only six prior times in 
American history had a Supreme Court 
vacancy arisen in a Presidential elec-
tion year and the President sent a 
nomination that year to a Senate of 
the opposite party. The majority of 
those times, the outcome was exactly 
what happened in 2016—no confirma-
tion—the historically normal outcome 
when you have divided government. 
President Obama was asking Senate 
Republicans for an unusual favor that 
had last been granted nearly 130 years 
before then, but voters had explicitly 
elected our majority to check and bal-
ance the end of his Presidency. So we 
stuck with the basic norm. 
And, by the way, in so doing, our ma-
jority did precisely what Democrats 
have indicated they would do them-
selves. In 1992, Democrats controlled 
the Senate opposite President Bush 41. 
Then-Senator Joe Biden chaired the 
Judiciary Committee. Unprompted— 
unprompted—he publicly declared that 
his committee might refuse to cooper-
ate if a vacancy arose and the Repub-
lican President tried to fill it. 
In 2007, Democrats controlled the 
Senate opposite President Bush 43, and 
with more than a year and a half left in 
President Bush 43’s term, the current 
Democratic leader declared that ‘‘ex-
cept in extraordinary circumstances,’’ 
the opposite-party Senate should boy-
cott any further confirmations to the 
Supreme Court. That is the current 
Democratic leader a year and a half be-
fore the end of the Bush administra-
tion. So in 2016 Senate Republicans did 
not only maintain the historical norm. 
We also ran the Biden-Schumer play-
book. 
When voters have not chosen divided 
government, when the American people 
have elected a Senate majority to work 
closely with the sitting President, the 
historical record is even more over-
whelming in favor of confirmation. 
Eight such times in our Nation’s his-
tory, new vacancies have arisen and 
Presidents have made nominations, all 
during the election year. Seven of the 
eight were confirmed, and the sole ex-
ception, Justice Abe Fortas, was a bi-
zarre situation including obvious per-
sonal corruption that extended into fi-
nancial dealings. 
Apart from that one strange excep-
tion, no Senate has failed to confirm a 
nominee in the circumstances that face 
us right now. Aside from that one 
strange exception, no Senate has failed 
to confirm a nominee in the cir-
cumstances that face us right now. The 
historical precedent is overwhelming, 
and it runs in one direction. If our 
Democratic colleagues want to claim 
they are outraged, they can only be 
outraged at the plain facts of American 
history. There was clear precedent be-
hind the predictable outcome that 
came out of 2016, and there is even 
more overwhelming precedent behind 
the fact that this Senate will vote on 
this nomination this year. 
The American people reelected our 
majority in 2016. They strengthened it 
further in 2018 because we pledged to 
work with President Trump on the 
most critical issues facing our country. 
The Federal judiciary was right at the 
top of the list. 
Ironically, it was the Democratic 
leader who went out of his way to de-
clare the midterm 2018 elections a ref-
erendum on the Senate’s handling of 
the Supreme Court. My friend, the oc-
cupant of the Chair, was running that 
year. The Democratic leader went out 
of his way to declare the 2018 midterms 
a referendum on the Senate’s handling 
of the Supreme Court. 
In his final speech before Justice 
Kavanaugh was confirmed, he yelled— 
literally, yelled—over and over at the 
American people to go vote. He told 
Americans to go elect Senators based 
on how they had approached their ad-
vice-and-consent 
duties 
over 
these 
weeks. Unfortunately for him, many 
Americans did just that. After watch-
ing the Democrats’ tactics, voters grew 
our majority and retired four—four—of 
our former colleagues who had gone 
along with their party’s behavior. 
We gained two seats. They lost four. 
That was the issue. Perhaps more than 
any other single issue, the American 
people strengthened this Senate major-
ity to keep confirming this President’s 
presumptive judicial nominees who re-
spect our Constitution and understand 
the proper role of a judge. 
In 2014, the voters elected our major-
ity because we pledged to check and 
balance 
a 
second-term, 
lame-duck 
President. Two years later, we kept our 
word. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:23 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G21SE6.002
S21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 95-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S5721 
September 21, 2020 
In 2018, the voters grew that majority 
on our pledge to continue working with 
President Trump, most especially on 
his outstanding judicial appointments. 
We are going to keep our word once 
again. We are going to vote on this 
nomination on this floor. 
f 
MEASURE PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR—S. 4618 
Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
understand there is a bill at the desk 
due a second reading. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The clerk will read bill by title 
for the second time. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 4618) making emergency supple-
mental appropriations for disaster relief for 
the fiscal year ending September 30, 2020, and 
for other purposes. 
Mr. MCCONNELL. In order to place 
the bill on the calendar under the pro-
visions of rule XIV, I would object to 
further proceedings. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Objection having been heard, the 
bill will be placed on the calendar. 
Mr. MCCONNELL. I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for 
the quorum call be rescinded. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The Democratic leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
REMEMBERING JUSTICE RUTH 
BADER GINSBURG 
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, in the 
Jewish tradition, only a person of great 
righteousness dies at the end of the 
year, near Rosh Hashanah, because God 
determined that they were needed until 
the very end. On Friday evening, short-
ly after the sundown on the eve of the 
Jewish New Year, we learned that Su-
preme Court Justice Ruth Bader Gins-
burg—a woman of great righteousness, 
a woman of valor—passed away. 
She was many things to many people: 
a brilliant mind, a quick wit, a lover of 
the opera, a friend, a colleague, a work-
out guru, a feminist icon. She might be 
the only Supreme Court Justice to be-
come a meme. What began as a joke, 
‘‘the Notorious RBG’’—likening a leg-
endary rapper to an octogenarian ju-
rist—struck a chord of deep resonance 
in American society because Ruth 
Bader Ginsburg was, in fact, a rebel-
lious force to be reckoned with. 
In a male-dominated legal establish-
ment that wasn’t waiting for someone 
like Ruth to shake up the system, she 
elbowed her way through. Her brains, 
her strength, her fortitude changed the 
world for women long before the rest of 
the world caught up. 
Over the course of two decades, as an 
academic and general counsel for the 
ACLU, Ruth worked to challenge the 
foundations of the legal system that 
had long treated women as a group 
that had to be ‘‘protected’’—and thus 
excluded—from full participation in 
American life. Not only did she reverse 
those laws and convince the majority 
of the Supreme Court that the Con-
stitution forbids discrimination on the 
basis of sex, she was a living, breathing 
example of how absurd an idea it ever 
was that women needed additional pro-
tections. 
And when she got to the Court, she 
ruled in a manner that brought the 
same equality and justice to so many 
different people, from all walks of life. 
The daughter of Russian immigrants 
who came to this country like my own 
grandparents, Ruth went to the same 
high school as I did in Brooklyn, NY— 
James Madison High School—two dec-
ades before I did. I followed her career 
and her ascent to the bench with that 
special pride you feel watching some-
one from your neighborhood make a 
great difference in the world. The fact 
that at the end of her long life and il-
lustrious career, young women, and in-
deed 
young 
men 
across 
America, 
looked at Ruth Bader Ginsburg with 
the same sense of pride and hope and 
sometimes adoration, gives me great 
hope. 
May she forever rest in peace. 
f 
SUPREME COURT NOMINATIONS 
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, now, 
Justice Ginsburg’s death leaves a va-
cancy on the Supreme Court with only 
44 days left before a national election 
that could result in a different Presi-
dent—a vacancy that could determine 
the future of the Supreme Court for 
generations and make rulings that 
touch every aspect of American life. 
Reporters will no doubt cover the po-
litical machinations here in Wash-
ington, but for hundreds of millions of 
Americans, this vacancy on the Su-
preme Court puts everything—every-
thing—on the line. 
Americans’ right to healthcare hangs 
in the balance. President Trump is pur-
suing a lawsuit which would eliminate 
protections for more than 130 million 
Americans with preexisting conditions, 
send drug prices soaring for seniors on 
Medicare, and take health insurance 
away from tens of millions of people. 
He will nominate a Justice that would 
ensure that result in a Supreme Court 
case that will be argued only a few 
weeks after election day. 
A woman’s fundamental, constitu-
tional right to make her own medical 
decisions—to control her own body, her 
right to choose—hangs in the balance. 
The right of workers to organize and 
collectively bargain for fair wages at a 
time of growing income inequality 
hangs in the balance. The future of our 
planet, environmental protections, and 
the possibility of bold legislation to ad-
dress climate change hang in the bal-
ance. Voting rights and the right of 
every American citizen to have a voice 
in our democracy hang in the balance. 
The stakes of this election, the stakes 
of this vacancy concern no less than 
the future of fundamental rights of the 
American people. 
I was with my daughter and her wife 
to celebrate the Jewish New Year, and 
they thought to themselves and men-
tioned at the table: Could their right to 
be married, could marriage equality, be 
undone? 
Those are questions hundreds of mil-
lions of Americans are asking about 
things near and dear to them as this 
nomination hangs in the balance. That 
is what it is all about—all the rights 
enshrined in our Constitution that are 
supposed to be protected by the Su-
preme Court of the United States; all 
the rights that could be undone or 
unwound by a conservative majority on 
the Court; the right to join a union, 
marry whom you love, freely exercise 
your right to vote; the right of a parent 
with a child who has cancer not to 
watch, helpless, as their son or daugh-
ter suffers without proper healthcare. 
If you care about these things and 
the kind of country we live in, this 
election and this vacancy mean every-
thing. And by all rights, by every mod-
icum of decency and honor, Leader 
MCCONNELL and the Republican Senate 
majority have no right to fill it—no 
right. 
In the final few weeks, sensing her 
failing health, Justice Ginsburg told 
her family that it was her ‘‘most fer-
vent wish that [she] not be replaced 
until a new president is installed.’’ 
That was Justice Ruth Bader Gins-
burg’s dying wish—her most fervent 
wish—that she should not be replaced 
until a new President is installed. 
The 
Senate 
Republican 
majority 
should have no problem adhering to 
Justice Ginsburg’s dying wish. Leader 
MCCONNELL held a Supreme Court va-
cancy open for nearly a year in order 
to ‘‘give the people a voice’’ in select-
ing a Supreme Court Justice. 
I just heard the remarks of the Re-
publican leader, and it is obvious why 
he is so defensive. 
This is what Leader MCCONNELL said 
in 2016, mere hours after the death of 
Justice Scalia. His words: 
The American people should have a voice 
in the selection of their next Supreme Court 
Justice. Therefore, this vacancy should not 
be filled until we have a new president. 
No amount of sophistry can change 
what MCCONNELL said then. And it ap-
plies even more so now—more so—so 
much closer we are to an election. 
In an op-ed on February 18, 2016, with 
Senator GRASSLEY, Leader MCCONNELL 
wrote: ‘‘Given that we are in the midst 
of a presidential election process, we 
believe 
that 
the 
American 
people 
should seize the opportunity to weigh 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:23 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G21SE6.003
S21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 96-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S5722 
September 21, 2020 
in on whom they trust to nominate the 
next person for a lifetime appointment 
to the Supreme Court.’’ 
In the midst of an election process, 
February before the election, but now 
we are not? Now these words don’t 
apply? It doesn’t pass the smell test in 
any way. No wonder Leader MCCON-
NELL was so defensive in his comments. 
At a press conference on March 1, 
2016, Leader MCCONNELL said that ‘‘we 
will look forward to the American peo-
ple deciding who they want to make 
this appointment through their own 
votes.’’ 
And on the floor, March 16, 2016, 
MCCONNELL said that ‘‘our view is this: 
give the people a voice in the filling of 
this vacancy.’’ 
That was 8 months—more than 8 
months from a national election. This 
is 44 days. The Senate has never con-
firmed a nominee to the Supreme 
Court this close to a Presidential elec-
tion. 
If that was how Leader MCCONNELL 
and Senate Republicans justify their 
mindless 
obstruction 
of 
President 
Obama’s nominee, surely they must 
abide by their own standard. What is 
fair is fair. What is fair is fair. A Sen-
ators’ word must count for something. 
Senator MCCONNELL has come to the 
floor numerous times to say that ‘‘your 
word is the currency of the realm in 
the Senate.’’ That quote: ‘‘It is impor-
tant for all Senators to keep their 
word, but it is particularly important 
for the majority leader.’’ 
Leader MCCONNELL said those things. 
My friend, the distinguished chair-
man 
of 
the 
Judiciary 
Committee, 
sensed that this situation might arise 
and made it crystal clear how he would 
behave if the shoe were on the other 
foot. He said: 
I want you to use my words against me. 
If there’s a Republican president in 2016 
and a vacancy occurs in the last year of the 
first term, you can say Lindsey Graham said 
let’s let the next president, whoever it might 
be, make that nomination. 
He reiterated that view less than 2 
years ago and encouraged the audience 
to ‘‘hold the tape’’ for exactly this sit-
uation. 
No wonder Americans have so little 
faith in governing and in this Senate 
led by the Republican majority. We 
now know the entire thing was a farce, 
not a shred of credibility to those argu-
ments. We have the exact scenario that 
Chairman GRAHAM talked about—a Re-
publican President and a Supreme 
Court vacancy in the last year of the 
first term. Indeed, it is almost the last 
month of his first term. 
‘‘I want you to use those words 
against me,’’ he said. ‘‘You can say 
LINDSEY GRAHAM said the next presi-
dent, whoever it might be, should make 
the nomination.’’ 
Well, here we are. And despite these 
words, despite their supposedly noble 
principle that the American people 
should have a voice in the decision of 
the next Supreme Court Justice, Presi-
dent Trump, Leader MCCONNELL, and 
Chairman GRAHAM
have already an-
nounced they will ignore their own 
standard and will rush to confirm a 
new Justice before the next President 
is installed—a Justice that could tear 
down Justice Ginsburg’s life’s work 
and other critical laws, like the Afford-
able Care Act. 
The kind words and lamentations we 
just heard from the majority leader 
about Justice Ginsburg are totally 
empty, totally meaningless if he moves 
to appoint someone who will tear down 
everything Justice Ginsburg built. 
Leader MCCONNELL put the Senate on 
‘‘pause’’ for over 4 months while 
COVID–19 devastated our country, but 
now he will move Earth and Heaven, 
and ignore all principle and consist-
ency, to install a new Supreme Court 
Justice who could rip away Americans’ 
healthcare in the middle of a pan-
demic. 
Leader MCCONNELL
and Chairman 
GRAHAM have made a mockery of their 
previous position. They seem ready to 
show the world their word is simply no 
good. It is enough to make your head 
explode. And then to hear Leader 
MCCONNELL up on the floor trying to 
defend this—pathetic, pathetic. 
Why even bother instructing a pre-
tense for your position? Why say it is 
this rule or that rule and then do the 
exact opposite when it suits your inter-
ests? Why not just come to the floor 
and say: I’m going to do whatever is 
best for my political party. Consist-
ency be damned. Reason be damned. 
Democracy be damned. 
Just admit it. There is no shaping 
the cravenness of this position. But 
over the course of the debate, I know 
the Republican leadership is going to 
try. We are going to hear some crazy 
things from the other side to defend 
the indefensible and justify this un-
justifiable power grab. We heard some 
of it already, a few minutes ago. 
We are going to hear a series of pre-
posterous arguments; that it somehow 
has to do with the orientation of the 
Senate and Presidency, as if that con-
stitutes some legitimate principle. We 
will hear that Republicans have to do 
it because Democrats will do far worse, 
unnamed things in the future. 
Some—some—few on that side will at 
least have the dignity of putting their 
head down and plowing through with it 
because they know there is no reason— 
no reason, no argument, no logic—to 
justify flipping your position 180 de-
grees and calling it some kind of prin-
ciple. It is not. It is utterly craven, an 
exercise in raw political power and 
nothing more. 
I worry. I worry for the future of this 
Chamber if the Republican majority 
proceeds down this dangerous path. 
If a Senate majority over the course 
of 6 years steals two Supreme Court 
seats using completely contradictory 
rationales, how could we expect to 
trust the other side again? 
How can we trust each other if, when 
push comes to shove and when the 
stakes are the highest, the other side 
will double-cross their own standards 
when it is politically advantageous? 
Tell me how. Tell me how this would 
not spell the end of this supposedly 
great deliberative body because I don’t 
see how. 
There is only one way for this Cham-
ber to retain its dignity through this 
difficult chapter. There is only one way 
for us to have some hope of coming to-
gether 
again, 
trusting 
each 
other 
again, lowering the temperature mov-
ing forward, and that is for four brave 
Senate Republicans to commit to re-
jecting any nominee until the next 
President is installed. That was Justice 
Ginsburg’s dying wish. It may be the 
Senate’s only last hope. 
I yield the floor. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Under the previous order, the 
Senate will proceed to executive ses-
sion to resume consideration of the fol-
lowing nomination, which the clerk 
will report. 
The bill clerk read the nomination of 
Edward Hulvey Meyers, of Maryland, 
to be a Judge of the United States 
Court of Federal Claims for a term of 
fifteen years. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The Senator from Vermont. 
REMEMBERING JUSTICE RUTH BADER GINSBURG 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I am here 
with an incredibly heavy heart. Justice 
Ruth Bader Ginsburg—a tireless, leg-
endary champion of equality who re-
shaped our society for the better— 
passed away on Friday, the first eve of 
Rosh Hashanah. Adherents of the Jew-
ish faith believe that a person who 
passes away during the High Holidays 
is a person of great righteousness. 
Truer words could not be spoken of 
Justice Ginsburg. Standing just over 5 
feet tall, she was a giant among us, a 
moral beacon whose life and legacy 
have inspired millions of Americans to 
do their part to bring upon a more per-
fect and just union. We are all forever 
indebted to her. 
The Brooklyn-born daughter of work-
ing-class Jewish parents, the young 
girl who would become just the second 
woman to serve on the Supreme Court 
knew from early on she had to fight for 
a place in the world. And what a fight-
er she was. 
When 
she 
entered 
Harvard 
Law 
School in 1956, just 1 of 9 women in a 
class of over 500, the United States was 
truly a man’s world. Women were ex-
pected to stay home and out of the 
workplace. Even when they had jobs, 
they could be fired for getting pregnant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:23 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00004
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G21SE6.005
S21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 97-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S5723 
September 21, 2020 
and they otherwise earned barely half 
of what men earned for the same work. 
Women couldn’t get credit cards with-
out their husband’s consent. As Justice 
Ginsburg remarked some years later, 
these and other gender-based rules 
helped to ‘‘keep women not on a ped-
estal, but in a cage.’’ 
Justice Ginsburg refused to accept 
the 
status 
quo. 
She 
believed 
unwaveringly that equal justice under 
law 
fundamentally 
required 
gender 
equality. When she joined the ACLU’s 
Women’s Rights Project in the early 
1970s, she waged a systematic legal 
campaign against gender discrimina-
tion, and she ultimately won five out 
of six of the cases she took to the Su-
preme Court. She eloquently and inci-
sively convinced the then all-male 
Court to see—and strike down—the 
visible and invisible lines that kept the 
genders unequal. 
In Reed v. Reed, she convinced the 
Supreme Court for the very first time 
that the Equal Protection Clause of the 
14th Amendment barred discrimination 
on the basis of sex, enshrining con-
stitutional protections for generations 
of women and men. During oral argu-
ments, she spoke quietly yet con-
fidently, piercing through dense legal 
arguments with moral clarity. 
In Frontiero v. Richardson, in which 
she convinced the Court to end gender 
discrimination in the administration of 
military benefits, her words resonate 
powerfully today. She said: 
In asking the Court to declare sex a sus-
pect criterion . . . ‘‘I ask no favor for my 
sex. All I ask of our brethren is that they 
take their feet off our necks.’’ 
Within a few short years, Justice 
Ginsburg had already empowered mil-
lions of American women through her 
zealous advocacy, granting them more 
autonomy over their lives, their bodies, 
and their careers. She was widely 
hailed as the Thurgood Marshall of 
women’s rights. She could have simply 
rested on her laurels from that point 
forward. 
She was just getting started. In 1980, 
President Carter nominated her to be 
an appellate judge on the DC Circuit. I 
was so proud to vote for her confirma-
tion back then, 40 years ago. There she 
developed a reputation as a pragmatic 
consensus seeker, often finding com-
mon ground and building friendships 
with conservative judges. One of the 
best known of those friendships was 
hers and Justice Antonin Scalia. 
It was no surprise that in 1993, Presi-
dent Bill Clinton selected Ruth Bader 
Ginsburg to be Justice of the Supreme 
Court. He called her—and I am rather 
proud to say that she and her husband 
were visiting Vermont, my home State, 
when she received the call. I still viv-
idly remember her confirmation hear-
ings before the Senate Judiciary Com-
mittee as head Judiciary of the com-
mittee. She was the embodiment of hu-
mility and grace and strength and wis-
dom. She endured 4 long days of, at 
times, intense questioning from Sen-
ators of both sides of the aisle. Never 
once did she lose her poise. I remember 
that so well. I thanked her for fighting 
for a world in which my daughter 
would have opportunities equal to 
those of my two sons. Unsurprisingly, 
she was confirmed by a 96-to-3 vote, be-
coming just the second woman to as-
cend to our Nation’s highest Court. My 
vote for her confirmation to the Su-
preme Court is among the most con-
sequential and impactful I have cast as 
a Senator. 
This weekend, my wife Marcelle and 
I drove here to the Capitol. We walked 
over to the Supreme Court. We saw all 
the people around writing notes in 
chalk on the sidewalk, praising her, 
leaving flowers, leaving pictures. I 
really was struck by the number of 
teenagers and people probably in their 
early twenties who were just standing 
there sadly. I talked to a couple. We 
were all wearing our masks. I am sure 
they had no idea who I was. I talked to 
them. They all said in one word or an-
other: She was our inspiration. 
I think of my own daughter when, a 
year ago, Justice Ginsburg was being 
honored 
by 
a 
congressional 
group 
against cancer. She asked my wife to 
introduce her. My wife is a cancer sur-
vivor. My wife brought our daughter as 
her guest, and they sat there. My 
daughter has told me so many times 
that it was one of the most meaningful 
times in her life to sit with a woman 
who 
had 
always 
been 
her 
hero. 
Marcelle and I just stood there in si-
lence and thought of the memories of 
the times we had been with her and 
what she has done for this country. 
Over the course of nearly three dec-
ades, Justice Ginsburg secured a place 
as one of the most ardent defenders of 
equal rights for all Americans in Su-
preme Court history. She never tired of 
being a voice for the voiceless. She al-
ways tried to use her power—her 
power—to uplift the powerless. She au-
thored the landmark majority opinion 
in United States v. Virginia, which 
struck down the Virginia Military In-
stitute’s male-only admissions policy 
as being unconstitutional. Her words 
still read like a treatise on what equal-
ity must mean in America: Laws or 
policies are ‘‘presumptively invalid,’’ 
she wrote, if they ‘‘den[y] to women, 
simply because they are women, equal 
opportunity to aspire, achieve, partici-
pate in, and contribute to society.’’ I 
think of my wife and my daughter, and 
I think of my three wonderful grand-
daughters. 
Even when she was in the minority, 
Justice Ginsburg did not go quietly. 
She always left an impact. In the Lilly 
Ledbetter case, where the majority 
ruled the claim of unequal pay was 
barred by an arbitrary statute of limi-
tations, Justice Ginsburg retorted that 
the majority ‘‘does not comprehend, or 
is indifferent to, the insidious way in 
which women can be victims of pay dis-
crimination.’’ She urged Congress to 
correct 
the 
Court’s 
‘‘parsimonious 
reading.’’ Two years later, we did just 
that. We passed the Lilly Ledbetter 
Fair Pay Act, a copy of which she 
proudly hung in her chambers. It is a 
bill that I was so proud to help bring to 
fruition on the floor of this body. 
In Shelby County v. Holder, the dis-
astrous decision to validate key provi-
sions of the Voting Rights Act, Justice 
Ginsburg’s 
dissent 
spoke 
truth 
to 
power. She wrote that throwing out 
key provisions of the Voting Rights 
Act ‘‘when it has worked . . . to stop 
discriminatory changes is like throw-
ing away your umbrella in a rainstorm 
because you are not getting wet.’’ 
Of course, Justice Ruth Bader Gins-
burg was right. Since that decision, we 
have witnessed a torrent of voter sup-
pression laws because the Supreme 
Court did not listen to her. That is why 
I championed the bipartisan John 
Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act 
to restore the Voting Rights Act. These 
drives for change, and many others, 
often began with two words from the 
Justice wearing the bejeweled collar: 
‘‘I dissent.’’ 
All the greatness of Justice Ginsburg 
was matched in spades by her authen-
tic goodness. I will always remember 
the Action for Cancer Awareness event 
I mentioned earlier that she and my 
wife Marcelle spoke at together last 
year. She was so genuinely kind to 
Marcelle, to me, and to all the people 
she interacted with. She loved people, 
so it is not surprising they loved her 
right back. It is not surprising. We saw 
tears in people who knew her and 
didn’t know her as we stood in front of 
the Supreme Court this weekend. 
Justice Ginsburg became a beloved 
cultural icon, inspired books, movies, 
and even ‘‘Saturday Night Live’’ skits. 
Some of us did tease her about that, 
and she took it all in good humor. Her 
dogged public battle with cancer and 
her can-do attitude—in fact, she missed 
less than a handful of arguments de-
spite her yearslong illness—inspired 
millions across the world. She gave 
hope to people she would never see and 
never meet, but they felt they knew 
her, and she gave them hope. Through 
it all, she never lost her humility. 
When asked how she would like to be 
remembered, Justice Ginsburg simply 
said: ‘‘Just as someone who did what-
ever she could, with whatever limited 
talent she had, to move society along 
in the direction I would like it to be for 
my children and grandchildren.’’ 
I am proud to stand on the floor of 
the Senate, as dean of this body, and 
say with certainty that she is going to 
be remembered for that and for so 
much more. She will be remembered 
long after any of us are. 
This incredible life and legacy should 
be the only story of today. Sadly, that 
is not the case. Instead of celebrating 
her life and her many contributions to 
our society, President Trump and the 
majority leader have forced our atten-
tion to turn to her vacancy on the 
Court days before she has even been 
laid to rest. 
In fact, immediately after the news 
of her passing, Senator MCCONNELL an-
nounced that he would rush to replace 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:23 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00005
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G21SE6.007
S21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 98-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S5724 
September 21, 2020 
her on the Court. Even as her family 
was standing there, mourning her, he 
made that announcement. He tossed 
aside all precedents and principles and 
declared his intent to ram through a 
nominee no matter the cost. Despite 
all of Senator MCCONNELL’s talk and 
promises 4 years ago—that, when a va-
cancy arises 269 days before a Presi-
dential election, the American people 
should have a voice in deciding which 
President fills that vacancy, which is 
what he said when President Obama 
was the President—the majority leader 
is doing everything he can today to 
deny the American people a voice and, 
this time, with not 269 days but just 42 
days remaining before a Presidential 
election. 
Seeking a fig leaf of institutional 
cover, the leader is trying to conjure 
up yet another rule today that, essen-
tially, there was an unspoken excep-
tion to everything he promised in 2016. 
I guess I didn’t hear that unspoken ex-
ception. Apparently, the American peo-
ple do not get a voice when the White 
House and Senate are under the control 
of the same party. 
Pay no attention to the fact that this 
contradicts everything Leader MCCON-
NELL
and many other Republicans 
claimed to believe ad nauseam for 10 
months in 2016. Yet even this desperate 
hair splitting falls flat on its face. If 
the majority leader’s 2016 rule to let 
the American people decide only ap-
plies when there is a divided govern-
ment, 
then 
the 
unprecedented 
10- 
month blockade of Merrick Garland 
contradicted the confirmation of Jus-
tice Kennedy by a Democratic Senate 
during the election year of 1988. As did 
virtually every other Democrat, I was 
one who voted for this Republican 
nominee. 
The majority leader’s abrupt about- 
face is not about following precedent, 
and it certainly isn’t about principle. 
The blatant hypocrisy—and the belief 
that norms and principles apply only 
to the other party or apply only when 
nothing is at stake—is the result of 
something even more insidious. It is 
the direct result of the President’s and 
the majority leader’s wanting to bend 
the courts to their will no matter the 
cost—no matter the cost for the Senate 
and, certainly, no matter the cost for 
all of our courts across the country. 
I will have much more to say about 
this. Make no mistake, the actions 
that we take during these waning days 
of the Trump administration will for-
ever stain or redeem this institution in 
which we proudly serve depending on 
whether we go along with this or not. 
The 100 Members of this body represent 
330 million Americans. We are en-
trusted to act in their best interests. 
Through our actions in the weeks 
ahead, we risk forever eroding the 
American people’s trust and faith in 
our independent judiciary, and our ac-
tions will have a lasting impact for 
good or for ill on every American’s 
most basic rights—the rights of equal-
ity and fairness—that Justice Ginsburg 
spent her lifetime securing. 
We all know what we should do. We 
all know how we can make the U.S. 
Senate be as it should be—the con-
science of the Nation. I fear that we 
are willing to close America’s door on 
that conscience. Yet, today, I simply 
seek to honor Justice Ginsburg. She 
dedicated her life to the causes of 
equality and justice and made both a 
reality for millions of Americans. She 
has left us a rich legacy to cherish and, 
more importantly, to carry forward. 
We will be forever in her debt. A gen-
eration—actually, more than a genera-
tion—of women and all Americans have 
been inspired by her leadership and 
courage. Generations to come will have 
her trailblazing legacy to thank. Let’s 
honor her memory by following her ex-
ample, by recommitting ourselves to 
pursuing a more perfect union not just 
for the few—no, not just for the few— 
but for all Americans. 
I yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The 
PRESIDING 
OFFICER 
(Ms. 
ERNST). The clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order 
for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
REMEMBERING JUSTICE RUTH BADER GINSBURG 
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, on 
Friday evening, the Nation learned the 
sad news that Justice Ruth Bader Gins-
burg had passed away. 
From her time as one of the few 
women in the Ivy League, to being only 
the second woman ever appointed to 
the Supreme Court of the United 
States, Justice Ginsburg was and is an 
inspiration to generations of Ameri-
cans. 
Throughout her remarkable life, Jus-
tice Ginsburg fought to secure equal 
rights and opportunities for all. She 
was a champion of women’s rights in 
particular and broke down gender bar-
riers throughout both her personal life 
and professional career. 
During this difficult and often divi-
sive time, I think there is a lot we can 
learn from the way Justice Ginsburg 
interacted with those with whom she 
disagreed, especially her good friend 
the late Justice Scalia. If you looked 
at a diagram outlining the ideologies 
of these two Justices, these two would 
be at opposite poles. They shared very 
little in common in terms of the way 
they approached the job of being a Su-
preme Court Justice. 
She was once asked about their close 
relationship, which stood in contrast 
to their vastly different views, and she 
said: ‘‘You can disagree without being 
disagreeable.’’ Well, we have all heard 
that before, and it is absolutely true— 
unfortunately, not practiced enough. 
But I think that sort of approach 
should be a reminder to all of us about 
the importance of treating each other 
with civility and respect, even when 
the person standing in front of you or 
on the opposite side of a computer 
screen has a vastly different world view 
from our own. 
Our Nation is grateful for Justice 
Ginsburg’s 27 years on the High Court 
and her incredible contributions to our 
history. Sandy and I send our condo-
lences to the entire Ginsburg family, as 
well as the countless colleagues and 
friends she earned throughout her life-
time. 
As 
Leader 
MCCONNELL
said 
this 
morning, the Senate is preparing to 
fulfill our constitutional duty of advice 
and consent. Throughout history, there 
has been a Supreme Court vacancy 29 
times during a Presidential election 
year, and each time, the President has 
fulfilled his duty to put forth a nomi-
nation. Of those 29 election-year in-
stances, 19 occurred when the Presi-
dent and the Senate majority were of 
the same political party. All but two of 
those nominees were confirmed. 
Our friends on the other side of the 
aisle have tried to compare this to the 
vacancy in 2016, but the facts were dif-
ferent. At that point, we had a Presi-
dent of one party in his final year in of-
fice and a Senate majority of another 
party. You would literally have to go 
back to 1880 to find an example of the 
Senate confirming an opposite party 
President’s Supreme Court nominee 
during an election year. 
The other difference is that President 
Obama was not on the ballot in 2016, so 
it made sense for the American people 
to weigh in. Do you think we would 
still be hearing the same arguments 
from our friends across the aisle if Hil-
lary Clinton had become President and 
been able to nominate a successor to 
Justice Scalia? I think not. 
Voters cast their ballots and not only 
elected President Trump but also a 
Senate Republican majority. In 2018, 
they expanded that majority following 
the confirmation of Judge Kavanaugh. 
If the American people had elected a 
Democratic President and a Demo-
cratic Senate majority, I have no doubt 
that Senator SCHUMER would act on 
that nomination as well. 
Just as the Senate has always done, 
we will thoroughly review the quali-
fications and experience of whomever 
the President nominates. We should 
not rush that process. It should be con-
ducted carefully and consistently with 
how the Senate has previously handled 
Supreme 
Court 
nominations. 
When 
that process is complete, the Senate 
will vote on that nominee sometime 
this year. 
In some cases, the confirmation proc-
ess has moved quickly. In the case of 
Justice Ginsburg, she was confirmed in 
only 42 days. In others, the process has 
taken longer and been significantly 
more contentious. 
I hope our colleagues on the other 
side of the aisle will try to restrain 
themselves from repeating the smear 
campaign that took place during Judge 
Kavanaugh’s confirmation hearing, in-
cluding the Judiciary Committee hear-
ing. I hope they will refrain from mak-
ing threats, like threats of packing the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:23 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00006
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G21SE6.009
S21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 99-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S5725 
September 21, 2020 
Court in the future, which Justice 
Ginsburg herself opposed and warned 
would make the Court partisan, be-
cause if Democrats decide to add addi-
tional members to the U.S. Supreme 
Court when they are in power, then the 
pressure will be irresistible for Repub-
licans to add other Justices to the 
Court, and it would look—and it would 
be clearly a partisan institution rather 
than an impartial judge of the law and 
the facts. 
The President has every right to put 
forth a nomination, and we have an ob-
ligation to give him or her due consid-
eration under our advice and consent 
responsibilities. As always, we will be 
thorough, and I hope, unlike last time, 
we can be civil and treat all with re-
spect. 
I am prepared to fulfill my respon-
sibilities as a Member of this body and 
of the Judiciary Committee, and I hope 
our colleagues on both sides are pre-
pared to do the same thing. 
JENNA QUINN LAW 
Madam President, there is no ques-
tion that this has been a difficult year 
for our country, with division and dis-
agreement taking center stage. That 
changed for a moment last week when 
the Senate unanimously passed a bill 
that I had introduced called the Jenna 
Quinn Law to protect some of the most 
vulnerable members of our country. 
This bill carries the name of an in-
spiring young Texan who is one of 42 
million adult survivors of child sexual 
abuse nationwide. As Jenna says, child 
sexual abuse is a silent epidemic. One 
in four girls and one in six boys are 
sexually abused before the age of 18. 
Those are shocking numbers. Sadly, 
these victims often stay silent for 
months, years, some for even a life-
time. As a result, they and countless 
other victims continue to be subject to 
abuse. 
Interrupting this cycle of sexual 
abuse is Jenna’s mission and one she 
has devoted her life to pursuing. She 
was the driving force behind what is 
now known as Jenna’s Law in Texas, 
which requires training for teachers, 
caregivers, and other adults who work 
with children on how to recognize and 
report child sexual abuse. 
The signs of child sexual abuse are 
unique from other forms of abuse, and 
correctly identifying these signs is in-
tegral to bringing children out of a sex-
ually abusive situation. 
After the Texas law passed in 2009, a 
study found that educators reported 
child sexual abuse at a rate almost four 
times greater after training than dur-
ing 
their 
pretraining 
career—four 
times greater. It was one of the first 
child sexual abuse prevention laws in 
the United States to mandate this kind 
of training. 
Now, more than half of all the States 
have adopted a form of Jenna’s Law, 
but many States, including my State, 
which have passed these laws don’t pro-
vide the funding for the training. 
Thanks to the legislation that passed 
the Senate unanimously last week, 
that is one step closer to occurring. 
The Jenna Quinn law will take the 
successful reforms in Texas and other 
States and finally back them with 
some Federal funding for that essential 
training. It will still allow current 
grant funds from the Department of 
Justice, for example, to be used for spe-
cialized training for students, teachers, 
and caregivers to learn how to identify, 
safely report, and hopefully prevent fu-
ture child sexual abuse. 
This 
legislation 
also 
encourages 
States with similar laws to implement 
innovative programs to address and 
discourage child sexual abuse. It is a 
critical step to interrupting this cycle 
that is impacting children across the 
country and preventing more children 
from enduring this trauma. 
My partner in this bipartisan effort 
was Senator HASSAN from New Hamp-
shire, and I appreciate her help in mov-
ing this bill through the Senate. I hope 
our colleagues in the House will quick-
ly take it up and pass the Jenna Quinn 
law so we can get it to the President’s 
desk as soon as possible. 
The COVID–19 crisis has underscored 
the urgency of this legislation. In April 
of this year, nationwide reports of 
abuse or neglect dropped by an average 
of 40 percent compared to the same 
time last year. Normally, this type of 
drop in reporting would be great news, 
but based on everything we know about 
the stresses and circumstances created 
by this pandemic, I fear that there is 
actually an increase in abuse. It just 
isn’t being recognized or reported. We 
need to make investments now in the 
health and safety of our children and 
bring this silent epidemic to an end. 
Speaker PELOSI has made clear that 
the House will stay in session until an 
agreement is reached on COVID–19 re-
lief so there is no reason for the House 
not to be able to act on this consensus 
legislation. I urge the House to take it 
up and pass it—which has received 
unanimous support in the Senate—and 
support America’s children at a critical 
time like this. 
I yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The 
PRESIDING 
OFFICER. 
The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for 
the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The 
PRESIDING 
OFFICER. 
The 
Democratic whip. 
REMEMBERING JUSTICE RUTH BADER GINSBURG 
Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, this 
weekend the United States of America 
passed a sad milestone—200,000 re-
corded deaths from COVID–19. 
We are a nation in mourning. In addi-
tion to 200,000 family, friends, and 
neighbors we have now lost to this bru-
tal pandemic, America is also mourn-
ing the loss of a historic champion of 
equality, a woman who spent her entire 
life, every ounce of her strength and 
talent she was given, in pursuit of 
America’s highest ideal: equal justice 
under the law. 
Jewish teaching says that those who 
die just before the Jewish New Year are 
those whom God has held back until 
the last moment because they were 
most needed on Earth. So it seems fit-
ting that Ruth Bader Ginsburg left this 
world as the Sun was setting last Fri-
day, marking the start of Rosh Hasha-
nah. 
Years before, Ruth Bader Ginsburg 
made history as only the second 
woman ever to serve on the U.S. Su-
preme Court. Even at that time, she 
had already earned an enduring place 
in American history. She has been 
called the Thurgood Marshall of the 
gender equality movement. As a lawyer 
and law professor, she was the master-
mind in the 1970s behind a legal strat-
egy that finally began to dismantle an 
American legal system that treated 
women in many ways as second-class 
citizens. Law Professor David Cole 
called 
her 
strategy 
‘‘radical 
incrementalism.’’ 
It is hard today for many Americans 
to imagine how deeply entrenched and 
how commonly accepted gender dis-
crimination was in American law—and 
American society—before Ruth Bader 
Ginsburg began her legal crusade to 
make real for women the words carved 
above the doors of the U.S. Supreme 
Court: ‘‘Equal Justice Under Law.’’ 
The 
legal 
challenges 
she 
brought 
changed the way the world is for 
women and for all Americans. 
Before she began her legal crusade, 
women were treated, by law, dif-
ferently than men. Hundreds of State 
and Federal laws and programs re-
stricted what women could do. Many 
jobs were legally closed to women. 
Many basic economic, social, and legal 
rights that we now take for granted 
were legally denied to women for no 
reason other than gender. 
Before the legal victories achieved by 
Ruth Bader Ginsburg, a woman often 
could not—on her own—buy a car, open 
a checking account, get a credit card, 
sign a lease, obtain a mortgage, buy 
real estate, open a business, or obtain a 
business loan. She needed a man to co- 
sign. 
Before Ruth Bader Ginsburg, women 
could be—and were—barred from public 
institutions and excluded from whole 
professions. They could be demoted or 
fired if they became pregnant. In fact, 
Ruth Bader Ginsburg herself was forced 
to accept a lower paying job at the So-
cial Security Administration when she 
became pregnant, at the age of 21, with 
her first child. 
Her legal strategy was cautious and 
strategic. Knowing that she needed to 
persuade mostly male judges—includ-
ing an all-male Supreme Court—she 
chose cases that illustrated how gender 
discrimination can also harm men. She 
took up the case of a young widower 
whose wife died in childbirth. The man 
wanted to stay home to raise his son 
but was denied Social Security sur-
vivor benefits because such benefits by 
law could only go to widows. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:23 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00007
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G21SE6.010
S21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 100-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S5726 
September 21, 2020 
Decades later, when that little boy 
grew up, Justice Ginsberg officiated at 
his wedding at the Supreme Court 
Building. 
Her goal was simple but compelling: 
to make clear that the Fourteenth 
Amendment’s promise of equal protec-
tion under the law covers women as 
well as men. As I said, it was not only 
women who benefited from her life’s 
work. If you are a man who has been 
covered by your wife’s medical bene-
fits, thank Ruth Bader Ginsburg. If you 
are a man who has been able to claim 
Social Security survivor benefits or 
name a woman as executor of your es-
tate, thank Ruth Bader Ginsburg. 
We have not erased all gender-based 
inequality, as Ruth Bader Ginsburg 
knew well. And some of the legal vic-
tories for equal justice are now threat-
ened. Some have been diminished out-
right. She also knew that. Her con-
cerns about these threats to hard-won 
rights was the basis for some of the 
most famous, fiery dissents—and why 
this often quiet, soft-spoken woman 
took the unusual step many times of 
reading her dissents from the bench. 
She wanted us to understand what was 
at stake so that we could join her in 
the fight. 
That is what she did in 2007, in the 
case of Lilly Ledbetter v. Goodyear 
Tire. The Supreme Court ruled 5 to 4 
that a woman who was paid less than 
her male coworkers for years, doing ex-
actly the same work, could not sue her 
former employer for wage discrimina-
tion. 
The woman only learned about the 
pay gap after she retired, but a con-
servative majority on the Court ruled 
that she had lost her chance at justice 
by failing to sue within 6 months of her 
first unequal paycheck. In her dissent, 
Justice Ginsburg challenged Congress 
to correct this injustice, and we did. 
The very first law signed by President 
Barack Obama was the Lilly Ledbetter 
Fair Pay Act of 2009. A framed copy of 
that signed law hung in Justice Gins-
burg’s Supreme Court chambers as a 
gift from President Obama. He signed 
it 
with 
the 
following 
inscription: 
‘‘Thanks for helping create a more 
equal and just society.’’ 
In her dissent in the 2013 Shelby 
County v. Holder, which gutted the 
heart of the Voting Rights Act, Justice 
Ginsburg pointed out the awful irony 
of the majority decision. She wrote 
that throwing out the need for jurisdic-
tions with histories of voter suppres-
sion to clear changes in their voting 
laws before elections because the laws 
had already worked was ‘‘like throwing 
away your umbrella in a rainstorm be-
cause you are not getting wet.’’ 
She was right. Our democracy would 
be stronger today had just one more 
Justice on the Supreme Court agreed 
with her. It is up to Congress now to 
heed her warning by passing the John 
Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act 
which languishes on the desk of Sen-
ator MCCONNELL. 
Ruth Bader Ginsburg was a champion 
of workers’ rights, of disability rights, 
LGBTQ rights, and environmental jus-
tice. And she was a woman who be-
lieved deeply that part of America’s 
greatness is the welcome and safety 
and opportunity that America has of-
fered to immigrants and refugees for 
most of our history. 
Like me, Justice Ginsburg was a 
child of an immigrant who came to this 
country partly to flee religious perse-
cution. My mother and her family left 
Russian-occupied Lithuania partly to 
escape anti-Catholic persecution. 
Ruth Bader Ginsburg’s father left 
Odessa, Russia, for New York when he 
was 13 to escape anti-Jewish pogroms. 
Her mother was born in New York 4 
months after her family moved from 
Austria—extended 
family 
members 
later died in the Holocaust. 
Justice Ginsburg’s mother was like 
my mother in another way: They were 
both very intelligent women who were 
denied their full education because 
money was tight and because they 
lived during a time when expectations 
about what women could achieve were 
so low. 
Like my mother, Celia Ginsburg used 
to take her child to the public library 
where she would check out as many 
books as she could read. She saved her 
pennies so that her daughter could one 
day get the college education she was 
never able to get herself. Celia Gins-
burg dreamed that her bright, young 
daughter might grow up, if she were 
lucky and worked very hard, to become 
a high school teacher. Instead, Ruth 
Bader Ginsburg grew up and changed 
history. She changed America for the 
better. America is fundamentally dif-
ferent and fairer as a nation because of 
the vision and work of Ruth Bader 
Ginsburg. 
I recalled over the weekend, and re-
peated it to my wife, this amazing sta-
tistic; that Ruth Bader Ginsburg bat-
tled cancer five times over nearly 20 
years 
and 
then, 
of 
course, 
lived 
through the death 10 years ago of her 
beloved husband Marty, but she almost 
never missed a day on the bench. She 
worked through chemo sickness, bro-
ken ribs, and terrible pain, but, never-
theless, she persisted. 
I want to read you something she 
said many times. I really liked this. 
What is the difference between a book-
keeper in New York’s garment district and a 
Supreme Court Justice? One generation—my 
own life bears witness. The difference be-
tween the opportunities available to my 
mother and those afforded me.’’ 
Ruth Bader Ginsburg did not simply 
take opportunities afforded to women. 
More than perhaps any American in 
history, she helped create those oppor-
tunities. 
Loretta and I offer our deepest con-
dolences to her friends and to her fam-
ily, especially her daughter Jane and 
her son James, who now calls Chicago 
home, and her grandchildren and her 
great-granddaughter. 
May her memory be a blessing and 
may her life be a guiding light for all of 
us. 
SUPREME COURT NOMINATIONS 
Madam President, Americans across 
the Nation were shocked and dev-
astated when they heard the news of 
Justice Ginsburg’s passing. It was a 
moment we will not forget. The gravity 
of that announcement hit hard not just 
because of the loss of a national icon 
but also because of the sense of fore-
boding of what would happen next, 
right here in this Chamber, in the U.S. 
Senate. 
The year 2020 has already brought us 
so much pain and anguish. The pan-
demic has killed 200,000 Americans, 
sickened over 6 million; devastating 
job losses and economic damage; a long 
overdue national reckoning over racial 
injustice; deadly wildfires and natural 
disasters destroying communities; and 
a President, sadly, who seeks to divide 
and inflame instead of uniting America 
and bringing us together in common 
purpose. 
Justice Ginsburg saw the tension 
that her absence from the Court would 
cause. Shortly before she passed away, 
Justice Ginsburg said: ‘‘My most fer-
vent wish is that I will not be replaced 
until a new President is installed.’’ 
Unfortunately, 
Justice 
Ginsburg’s 
last request is falling on deaf ears in 
the Senate Chamber. Shortly after the 
news of her death, Senator MCCONNELL 
announced that he would hold the Su-
preme Court vote this year. Here is 
what Senator MCCONNELL, then leader 
of the Senate, said: 
The American people should have a voice 
in the selection of their next Supreme Court 
justice. Therefore, this vacancy should not 
be filled until we have a new president. 
These are the words of Senator MITCH 
MCCONNELL. That statement is very 
clear 
and 
unambiguous. 
Senator 
MCCONNELL made it 269 days before the 
Presidential 
election, 
the 
so-called 
McConnell rule. This was a firm prece-
dent establishing that Senate Repub-
licans would not consider a Supreme 
Court nominee in an election year. 
President Barack Obama sent the 
name of Judge Merrick Garland from 
the DC Circuit to the Senate for a 
hearing and a vote. The treatment he 
received from the Senate was disgrace-
ful. Senator MCCONNELL announced he 
would not even give him the time of 
day, nor meet with him in his office, 
and he admonished those Republican 
Senators who did. Merrick Garland was 
being shunned by Senator MCCONNELL 
because of his rule, the McConnell rule: 
No ‘‘vacancy should be filled until we 
have a new president.’’ 
In his determination to show that 
this 
principle 
would 
prevail, 
he 
shunned Merrick Garland. Well, it 
turns out that this rule of law, this 
McConnell rule that guided the Senate 
4 years ago, was not as sacrosanct as 
one might think. A nation guided by a 
rule of law cannot have one set of rules 
under Democratic Presidents and an-
other set under Republican Presidents. 
That is just what Senator MCCONNELL 
called for on Friday. 
Shortly after the news—a short time 
after the news of Justice Ginsburg’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:23 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00008
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G21SE6.012
S21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 101-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S5727 
September 21, 2020 
passing, 
Senator 
MCCONNELL
said: 
‘‘President Trump’s nominee will re-
ceive a vote on the floor of the United 
States Senate.’’ In direct violation of 
his own statement 4 years ago, Senator 
MCCONNELL
said that within hours 
after the announcement of the death of 
Justice 
Ginsburg. 
When 
Senator 
MCCONNELL made that statement, we 
were only 46 days from the election. 
People in many States had already 
started casting their votes. 
Senator MCCONNELL’s justifications 
for breaking his own rule simply don’t 
stand 
up 
to 
scrutiny—distinctions 
without any difference—and they have 
never stood up to common sense. 
Senator 
MCCONNELL
clearly 
said, 
when he laid down the McConnell rule 
on February 13, 2016, that the American 
people should have the last word and 
that election-year Supreme Court va-
cancies should be filled in the next 
Presidential term. There were no cave-
ats, no exceptions, and no amend-
ments. He stated it clearly in just a 
handful of words. 
Now Senator MCCONNELL claims that 
whether or not the American people 
have a voice should depend on which 
party controls the Senate. Now his 
party controls the Senate, and his 
party has the President. And the rule— 
the so-called McConnell rule—that we 
were to live by apparently is being re-
jected by Senator MCCONNELL himself. 
He says that what Republicans did in 
2016 was acceptable because the Senate 
at that time was controlled by Repub-
licans and a different party was in the 
White House that year—a distinction 
without a difference. Why should the 
composition of the Senate dictate 
whether the American people should 
have a voice in the selection of the 
next Supreme Court Justice? You could 
just as easily point out that 2016 was 
different because we had a President, 
Barack Obama, who actually had won 
the popular vote, unlike the current 
President. Should that fact resolve 
whether the American people get a 
voice in the Court’s future? 
Either the American people do get an 
election-year voice regarding the fu-
ture of the Court or they don’t. In 2016, 
Senator MCCONNELL said they do. Now 
he says they don’t. It is a flip-flop, 
plain and simple, because it is to his 
personal political advantage to reverse 
this stated principle. 
The Republican effort to point to 
Senator Harry Reid for changing the 
Senate rules for lower court nomina-
tions is no justification. The reality is 
that Senator Reid was responding to an 
unprecedented Republican obstruction 
of President Obama’s nominees, and 
Senator Reid made a point of not 
changing the rule—the 60-vote require-
ment—when it came to Supreme Court 
confirmations. It was Senator MCCON-
NELL who did that in 2017. 
While Senate rules do change from 
time to time, you certainly can’t have 
rules that depend on whether it is a Re-
publican or a Democratic President or 
a Republican or Democratic Senate. 
That is exactly what Senator MCCON-
NELL is calling for. 
So here is what it comes down to: In 
2016, Senator MCCONNELL said the peo-
ple should get the voice through an up-
coming election because that outcome 
at the moment was better for his Re-
publican agenda of controlling the 
Court. In 2020, Senator MCCONNELL re-
versed himself and said the people 
should not get a voice through the up-
coming election because that outcome 
is better for the Republicans today. 
Let’s be clear. This is not about rules 
or principle or comity; this is about 
raw partisan power. The hypocrisy is 
bad enough; what makes it worse is 
that it is hypocrisy which is so evident 
to the American people at this moment 
in history. 
What is at stake here? Is this just a 
matter of the battle of the giants in 
Washington, the big shots screaming at 
one another in the news through the 
media, or is there more to it? It turns 
out there is much more. 
Let’s start with healthcare. This No-
vember, the Supreme Court will hold 
arguments in a case in which the 
Trump administration and Republicans 
are arguing that the Affordable Care 
Act should be struck down in its en-
tirety. There are 20 million Americans 
who have health insurance under the 
Affordable Care Act, and every health 
insurance policy sold in America is 
subject to the law of the Affordable 
Care Act. If the Supreme Court does 
what the Trump administration and 
the Republicans are asking it to do, 20 
million Americans could lose their 
healthcare coverage—600,000 of them in 
my State of Illinois—and tens of mil-
lions of Americans with preexisting 
conditions, including 5 million in Illi-
nois, would lose protections the Afford-
able Care Act currently gives them. 
There have been 6 million Americans, 
remember, who have been diagnosed 
with positive results from COVID–19. 
Sadly, many more will be diagnosed in 
the years ahead, and they, of course, 
now must answer the question: Have 
you ever tested positive for COVID–19? 
If they answer it, they will have a pre-
existing condition, which the insurance 
company used to jump on to either 
raise your premiums or to deny you 
coverage. 
If Republicans have their way before 
the Supreme Court, young adults up to 
the age of 26 will no longer be able to 
stay on their parents’ health insur-
ance. Hospitals—especially in rural 
areas—will see a significant loss of rev-
enue from the elimination of Medicaid 
expansion. 
At this moment, in the middle of a 
raging pandemic, it is unimaginable 
that the Republicans are trying to wipe 
out the critical healthcare protections 
in the Affordable Care Act, but that is 
what they are fighting for in the case 
before the Supreme Court. 
Here, Republicans were never able to 
repeal the Affordable Care Act on the 
floor of the Senate. I will never forget 
that early morning vote. It was about 2 
or 2:30 a.m. when John McCain came 
through those doors and stood right by 
that table, and as much as he could lift 
that right arm, because it had been 
broken when he was a prisoner of war— 
something which I honor him for and 
never will ridicule him for—he lifted 
that arm as much as he could and said 
no. No. That ‘‘no’’ vote saved the Af-
fordable Care Act. 
Why did he do it? He explained after-
wards: The Republicans don’t have an 
alternative. They don’t have a sub-
stitute. They want to eliminate an 
Obama law, and they have nothing to 
replace it with. That is still the case 
today. 
The Republicans are no longer fight-
ing this battle on the floor of the Sen-
ate; they are fighting it across the 
street in the Supreme Court building. 
So the deciding vote on the Supreme 
Court—is it important to America? For 
20 million Americans, it is deadly im-
portant as to whether they have afford-
able, quality healthcare. 
Republicans were never able to repeal 
the Affordable Care Act because of 
John McCain’s courage, so Republicans 
are now trying to accomplish in the 
Supreme Court what they couldn’t ac-
complish on the floor of the Senate. In 
fact, on many issues where the Repub-
lican Party’s position is not popular, 
Republicans are trying to get the 
courts to do what they can’t do legisla-
tively, issues like restricting the right 
to vote and other civil rights; rolling 
back environmental protections; dic-
tating what women can and cannot do 
with their own health; wiping gun safe-
ty 
laws 
off 
the 
books; 
deporting 
Dreamers; and undermining worker 
protections. The Supreme Court was 
created by the Founders of our Nation 
to be the arbiter of equal justice under 
the law, not as a tool for one party’s 
political agenda. 
Well, the American people can smell 
a rat. They know when the game is 
rigged. They look at the McConnell 
rule that he announced in 2016, and now 
they look at what he is actually doing 
in 2020. They know this isn’t on the 
level. 
Sadly, in many ways, Senate Major-
ity Leader MCCONNELL has broken the 
Senate down in recent years, and I fear 
that if we go down the path President 
Trump and Senator MCCONNELL has set 
us on, the Supreme Court may end up 
broken too. 
It will take only four Republican 
Senators to stop this travesty—four. 
Four Republican Senators can say 
‘‘enough.’’ We lived by the McConnell 
rule 4 years ago. We publicly stated 
that it was the right thing to do then. 
We would be hypocrites to an extreme 
if we turn our backs on it now. I hope— 
I just hope—there will be four Repub-
lican Senators with the courage—and 
it will take courage—to say that. 
We should honor Justice Ginsburg’s 
fervent last wish and let the American 
people have a voice in filling this va-
cancy. That is what Senator MCCON-
NELL insisted on 38 weeks before the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:29 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00009
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G21SE6.014
S21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 102-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S5728 
September 21, 2020 
election in 2016. That should also be 
our standard in 2020, 6 weeks before the 
election. There should be no confirma-
tion before inauguration. 
I yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The 
PRESIDING 
OFFICER. 
The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for 
the quorum call be rescinded. 
The 
PRESIDING 
OFFICER 
(Mr. 
BOOZMAN). Without objection, it is so 
ordered. 
REMEMBERING JUSTICE RUTH BADER GINSBURG 
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, on this 
past Friday evening, on Rosh Hasha-
nah, our Nation lost a giant of our Su-
preme Court. We lost a trailblazer for 
women’s 
equality, 
a 
woman 
who, 
though diminutive in size, was a giant 
and a force for justice. 
For my daughter and for all Ameri-
cans, I am so grateful for the work and 
the service and the life of Supreme 
Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg. 
Having passed on Rosh Hashanah, the 
tradition of the Jewish people teaches 
that she is especially blessed, particu-
larly righteous. 
It is heartbreaking that her dying 
wish, dictated to her granddaughter, 
was that the voters should choose the 
next President, and that next Presi-
dent her successor, and, already, there 
are some who are racing to undo that 
wish. 
This was her wish because she under-
stood the consequences of this decision 
for the Senate, for the American peo-
ple, and for the Supreme Court, to 
which she dedicated 27 years of service. 
If we push through a nominee now, 
just 43 days before an election, as half 
of our States are already voting, the 
very legitimacy of the Supreme Court 
may 
be 
undermined 
by 
further 
politicization in an already divided 
country. 
My friends, my colleagues in the 
other party, used the argument in 
blocking the nomination of Merrick 
Garland in 2016 that we must give the 
American people a voice for the selec-
tion of the next Justice. That argu-
ment was advanced 10 months before 
the next election. Here, today, on this 
floor, the exact argument is being ad-
vanced just 43 days before an election 
in which half of our States are already 
voting. 
As a colleague from Alaska recently 
said, the precedent set by the majority 
in 2016 is the precedent by which they 
should live now. Fair is fair. I cannot 
agree more. 
On the ballot, on the agenda, on the 
docket 
of 
the 
Supreme 
Court 
is 
healthcare. This decision will have an 
impact on all Americans of all stripes 
and backgrounds. One week after the 
election, a case will be argued in front 
of the Supreme Court, Texas v. United 
States, which seeks to remove all that 
is left of the Affordable Care Act’s pro-
tections—protections 
against 
pre-
existing condition discrimination for 
100 million Americans and health in-
surance itself for 20 million, in the 
middle of a pandemic in which 6 mil-
lion Americans have been infected and 
have new preexisting conditions, and, 
in some ways most gallingly, that pro-
vision of the Affordable Care Act which 
prohibits gender discrimination by in-
surance companies. 
All of this is at stake, as are protec-
tions going forward after this election 
for clean air and clean water, for equal 
pay for equal work, and the right to or-
ganize. It is all on the ballot and will 
be on the docket. 
Let me close by calling on my col-
leagues to do what is fair and what I 
believe is right: to respect their own 
precedent and let the American people 
have a voice in just 43 days and then 
proceed, after the election, to honor 
Justice Ginsburg’s dying wish; to focus 
on delivering relief to the American 
people in a package to address this 
pandemic in our next few weeks, rather 
than diving deeper into division. 
It is my fervent prayer that we can 
yet find a way together to listen to the 
voice of the people and the voice of this 
most storied Justice. 
TRIBUTE TO ERICA KNIEVEL SONGER 
Mr. President, I have one other pur-
pose in coming to the floor today, and 
that is to recognize my colleague, my 
friend Erica Knievel Songer, my chief 
counsel—whom I now embarrass—who 
is departing this week. 
Erica is an immensely talented law-
yer and has been an invaluable member 
of my team for over 4 years, a summa 
graduate of the University of Illinois at 
Urbana-Champaign, a Phi Beta Kappa 
member, a cum laude graduate of Har-
vard Law School, a deputy editor of the 
Journal of Law and Gender, and a clerk 
on the Sixth Circuit for Judge Cornelia 
Kennedy. 
After all that, she went to one of 
Washington’s 
most 
prestigious 
law 
firms and, after 9 years of diligent liti-
gation and work, earned her way into 
being a partner but, during all this 
time, dedicated her time to pro bono 
work, to advocating for those seeking 
justice. 
She could have had a much more lu-
crative career than the last 4 years 
here in the Senate, and her trajectory 
was not a typical one for a chief coun-
sel on a Judiciary Committee. She was 
willing to make the sacrifice, and I was 
grateful for the chance to serve with 
her. 
Her dedication to upholding and de-
fending democratic principles is un-
wavering, and every day she has put 
the interests of the American people 
and Delawareans first. No one has 
worked harder in her 4 years on my 
team than she. 
Her commitment to our shared val-
ues has helped guide me and my team 
through some of the most difficult and 
challenging moments of these years. 
She has capably led my entire legal 
team and helped us navigate through 
some truly historic fights. 
It was just 3 days after she joined my 
team that we were in the Rose Garden 
for President Obama’s nomination of 
Judge Merrick Garland, and she led my 
team and my work on the confirmation 
hearings of now-Justice Gorsuch and 
Justice Kavanaugh. She led us through 
the Mueller investigation and through 
the impeachment trial. 
She has been integral to legislative 
efforts, including the Special Counsel 
Integrity Act, a bipartisan effort to 
support the integrity of independent 
investigations 
and 
to 
protect 
the 
Mueller investigation; the Driving for 
Opportunity Act, a bipartisan bill to 
create incentives to stop debt-based 
driver’s license suspension and extend 
criminal justice reform; and a project 
for which we both have a particular 
passion, the NO BAN Act, which would 
repeal President Trump’s Executive 
order blocking travel from majority- 
Muslim countries and prevent another 
baseless, discriminatory travel ban. 
She has contributed so much more 
than this. She has been a teacher and 
mentor to so many in my office and, 
particularly, to young women, who 
look to her as a role model and a 
source of wisdom and strength. Person-
ally, she and her husband Mike, both 
dedicated attorneys and passionate 
public servants, are constant reminders 
of why we are here and for whom we 
fight. 
As we reflect today and in the week 
ahead on the legacy of Justice Gins-
burg, whose life was committed to the 
fight for equality and justice, I see that 
same fight in Erica Songer. Justice 
Ginsburg blazed a trail and changed 
the world for incredibly talented and 
capable women like Erica so that she 
could lead the life she has. 
Erica is a true patriot, a great col-
league, and a wonderful friend who has 
put country over self, and I have been 
blessed to have the benefit of her coun-
sel and her friendship these 4 years. I 
am proud she will go on to continue to 
fight for our shared values. I wish her 
luck. I will miss her dearly, and I pray 
this is not the last time we will serve 
together. 
I yield the floor. 
CLOTURE MOTION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant 
to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the 
Senate the pending cloture motion, 
which the clerk will state. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION 
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the 
Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby 
move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-
nation of Edward Hulvey Meyers, of Mary-
land, to be a Judge of the United States 
Court of Federal Claims for a term of fifteen 
years. 
Mitch 
McConnell, 
Roy 
Blunt, 
Mike 
Rounds, Todd Young, Pat Roberts, 
Cindy Hyde-Smith, John Thune, Kevin 
Cramer, Thom Tillis, Michael B. Enzi, 
James Lankford, John Barrasso, Joni 
Ernst, Lamar Alexander, Rob Portman, 
Tim Scott, Steve Daines. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:29 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00010
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G21SE6.015
S21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 103-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S5729 
September 21, 2020 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-
imous consent, the mandatory quorum 
call has been waived. 
The question is, Is it the sense of the 
Senate that debate on the nomination 
of Edward Hulvey Meyers, of Maryland, 
to be a Judge of the United States 
Court of Federal Claims for a term of 
fifteen years, shall be brought to a 
close? 
The yeas and nays are mandatory 
under the rule. 
The clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk called the roll. 
Mr. THUNE. The following Senators 
were necessarily absent: the Senator 
from West Virginia (Mrs. CAPITO), the 
Senator from South Carolina (Mr. GRA-
HAM), the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. 
JOHNSON), the Senator from Kansas 
(Mr. MORAN), the Senator from Alaska 
(Mr. SULLIVAN), and the Senator from 
North Carolina (Mr. TILLIS). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from California (Ms. HARRIS), 
the Senator from Vermont (Mr. SAND-
ERS), the Senator from Arizona (Ms. 
SINEMA), and the Senator from Michi-
gan (Ms. STABENOW) are necessarily ab-
sent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-
siring to vote? 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 65, 
nays 25, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 184 Ex.] 
YEAS—65 
Alexander 
Barrasso 
Blackburn 
Blunt 
Boozman 
Braun 
Burr 
Cardin 
Carper 
Casey 
Cassidy 
Collins 
Cornyn 
Cortez Masto 
Cotton 
Cramer 
Crapo 
Cruz 
Daines 
Duckworth 
Durbin 
Enzi 
Ernst 
Fischer 
Gardner 
Grassley 
Hassan 
Hawley 
Hoeven 
Hyde-Smith 
Inhofe 
Jones 
Kennedy 
King 
Lankford 
Leahy 
Lee 
Loeffler 
Manchin 
McConnell 
McSally 
Murkowski 
Murphy 
Paul 
Perdue 
Peters 
Portman 
Risch 
Roberts 
Romney 
Rosen 
Rounds 
Rubio 
Sasse 
Scott (FL) 
Scott (SC) 
Shaheen 
Shelby 
Tester 
Thune 
Toomey 
Udall 
Warner 
Wicker 
Young 
NAYS—25 
Baldwin 
Bennet 
Blumenthal 
Booker 
Brown 
Cantwell 
Coons 
Feinstein 
Gillibrand 
Heinrich 
Hirono 
Kaine 
Klobuchar 
Markey 
Menendez 
Merkley 
Murray 
Reed 
Schatz 
Schumer 
Smith 
Van Hollen 
Warren 
Whitehouse 
Wyden 
NOT VOTING—10 
Capito 
Graham 
Harris 
Johnson 
Moran 
Sanders 
Sinema 
Stabenow 
Sullivan 
Tillis 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 65, the nays are 25. 
The motion is agreed to. 
The Senator from Louisiana. 
HURRICANE LAURA 
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, a few 
weeks ago, on August 27, Louisiana and 
southeastern Texas were hit by Hurri-
cane Laura. 
I say ‘‘Louisiana’’ because if you look 
at some of the press reports, they say 
‘‘Southwest Louisiana,’’ but the im-
pact of Hurricane Laura in Louisiana 
was much greater. 
The storm came onshore in South-
west Louisiana in Cameron Parish. It 
headed north, then moved northeast, 
and finished in the northeastern part of 
our State. 
I have seen the damage from the air 
and on the ground. I have never seen a 
hurricane do this kind of damage in 
any State, much less Louisiana. 
The path of destruction is about 60 
miles wide, starting in Southwest Lou-
isiana, running north, bending to the 
northeast, and it is about 200 miles 
long. We took it full in the face. 
When you see devastation like this, 
when you go through something like 
this, you start to understand that we 
human beings are a vain lot. We think 
we can control nature, but nature con-
trols us. 
Our entire electrical system went 
down. Our water system went down. 
Our internet went down. Our cable TV 
went down. It was a category 4 storm 
with winds of up to 150 miles an hour. 
This storm was unusual in that winds 
were sustained and did not dissipate as 
it got further inland. We took it full in 
the face. 
Now, it doesn’t do any good to com-
plain. Louisianans are resilient people. 
We live by the old Japanese proverb: 
‘‘Fall down seven times, stand up 
eight.’’ We are standing back up. 
About 60 percent of our electrical 
power has been restored. We now have 
water back. In some cases, there are 
still some boil orders because the water 
is not clean. But we are deficient in 
one area, and that is cable TV and 
internet, with an emphasis on internet. 
I want you to understand I am not 
talking here about a mere inconven-
ience. I am not talking about people 
missing their favorite television shows. 
I am talking about kids’ education; I 
am talking about the ability to deliver 
healthcare; and I am talking about the 
ability to conduct commerce. None of 
those things can be done in today’s 
world without the internet. The inter-
net, particularly in Southwest Lou-
isiana, is provided by a company called 
Suddenlink. 
(Ms. 
MURKOWSKI 
assumed 
the 
Chair.) 
Suddenlink is owned—it was pur-
chased by a company called Altice 
USA. Its CEO is a gentleman whom I 
have not had the pleasure of meeting, 
Mr. Dexter Goei, and I am here today 
to plead with Suddenlink to please get 
our internet restored. Suddenlink has 
done 
such 
an 
abysmal 
job 
that 
Suddenlink needs to change its name 
to Neverlink. 
Suddenlink provides internet service 
to 150,000 Louisianans. I haven’t stud-
ied their financials, but let’s say at 
$150 a month, if you include the cable 
television 
part, 
Louisianans 
pay 
Suddenlink—soon 
to 
be 
named 
Neverlink if they don’t do a better 
job—about $23 million a month. 
Now, all of our public utilities have 
been working very hard. 
Entergy has worked hard. AT&T has 
worked hard. CenterPoint Energy has 
worked hard to get our utilities re-
stored so that we can start recovering. 
Suddenlink has not worked hard. At 
one point, we had 29,000 people on the 
ground helping us to restore our water 
system, helping us to restore our elec-
tric power, helping us to cut trees, 
helping us to get tarps on roofs. We had 
at 
most 
300 
representatives 
from 
Suddenlink—300 
representatives 
to 
handle restoring internet for 150,000 
Louisianans. 
Suddenlink should be ashamed of 
itself. We have restored about 60 per-
cent of our electrical power. We have 
restored about 16 percent of our inter-
net. 
Once again, I am not talking about 
someone missing their favorite tele-
vision program. As the Presiding Offi-
cer knows, because you have the same 
situation in Alaska, all of our public 
schools are not open, all of our private 
schools are not open because of the 
virus. Many of our kids are having to 
learn remotely, and they can’t do it 
without the internet. They can’t. 
The Presiding Officer is also aware of 
how the internet is integral to the abil-
ity to deliver healthcare. I don’t know 
a single business today that can oper-
ate without the internet. Many of our 
businesses, including our small busi-
nesses, because they can’t have cus-
tomers coming into their shops, are 
doing a lot of their commerce over the 
internet. There is just one problem in 
Louisiana. Because of Suddenlink drag-
ging its feet, we don’t have internet, 
and we can’t recover without it. 
I don’t mean to be overly critical, 
but this has just gotten out of hand. 
Every one of our public utilities has 
done a yeoman’s work—has done an ex-
traordinary job—except the one—ex-
cept the one. If Mr. Dexter Goei is lis-
tening tonight—and again, I don’t 
mean to be overly critical. I plan to 
visit with him in the next couple of 
days. I think he has finally agreed to 
come visit Louisiana. 
We have three requests. First of all, 
we need workers on the ground. You 
can’t restore the internet service with-
out people working to restore the 
internet service, and let me say it 
again. Entergy, just to pick one of our 
utility 
companies, 
has 
over 
10,000 
workers 
restoring 
the 
power. 
Suddenlink, which provides internet 
for 150,000 people, has a grand total of 
300 people. It can’t be done. We are cur-
rently not a priority, even though 
150,000 of my people write a monthly 
check to Suddenlink. 
No. 1, Suddenlink, respectfully, put 
some people on the ground to get our 
internet restored. 
No. 2, we need a local office for 
Suddenlink. They don’t even have one. 
Maybe it is because they don’t have 
internet, but many people lost their 
homes. At a minimum, they lost their 
roofs. They don’t have cable boxes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:29 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00011
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G21SE6.019
S21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 104-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S5730 
September 21, 2020 
They have to have somebody they can 
go to and say: Here is my old box. Give 
me a new box. But Suddenlink doesn’t 
even have a local office. 
No. 3, I am going to ask Mr. Goei to 
please commit to our State leadership 
to start giving us a daily update on re-
storing the service—how many homes 
and businesses have been added each 
day. 
Again, I know I am repeating myself, 
I don’t mean to be overly critical and 
we have been very patient in Lou-
isiana, but the time has come to call it 
like it is and say it like it is. At the 
rate they are going, Suddenlink needs 
to change its name to Neverlink in 
Louisiana. We cannot recover without 
internet—we 
can’t 
do 
it—and 
Suddenlink link has let us down. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The 
PRESIDING 
OFFICER. 
The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. MCCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the order 
for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE 
Mr. MCCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that notwith-
standing the provisions of rule XXII, 
the postcloture time on the Meyers 
nomination expire at 11:30 a.m. tomor-
row and the Senate vote on confirma-
tion of the nomination. I further ask 
that if cloture is invoked on the Lucas 
nomination, the postcloture time ex-
pire at 2:15 p.m. tomorrow and the Sen-
ate vote on the confirmation of the 
nomination; finally, that following dis-
position of the Lucas nomination, the 
Senate vote on the motion to invoke 
cloture on the Sonderling nomination. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. MCCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-
ate proceed to legislative session for a 
period of morning business, with Sen-
ators permitted to speak therein for up 
to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BILL BROCK 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Madam President, 
congratulations to my friend, Bill 
Brock, who is celebrating his 90th 
birthday. 
When I think of Bill, I think of a 
Tennessean who has served our State 
and our country honorably for over a 
half century. Bill grew up in Chat-
tanooga and started his lifetime of 
service in the U.S. Navy. He was then 
first elected to the U.S. House of Rep-
resentatives in 1962. Bill served for 
three terms before being elected to the 
U.S. Senate in 1971, replacing Demo-
crat Senator Albert Gore. After his dis-
tinguished tenure in the Senate, Bill 
went on the serve as U.S. Trade Rep-
resentative 
and 
U.S. 
Secretary 
of 
Labor. 
Bill was a force in the Republican 
Party, both nationally, serving as 
chairman of the Republican National 
Committee, and in the State of Ten-
nessee. In fact, he was a pioneer in the 
transformation of our Tennessee Re-
publican 
Party; 
turning 
Tennessee 
from a Democratic stronghold to a 
two-party State simply would not have 
happened without Bill. He laid the 
foundation for a long lineage of Ten-
nesseans that include Howard Baker, 
Jr., Winfield Dunn, Fred Thompson, 
Bill Frist, Bill Haslam, Bill Lee, and 
others who have served our State 
proudly and left legacies of exceptional 
service to those who elected them. 
It has been a pleasure to know Bill 
over the years; he has been a champion 
of the principles that united us as 
Americans and has a strong record of 
working with others to get results. I 
wish my friend the best on the celebra-
tion of his 90th birthday and hope that 
his legacy serves as an example to fu-
ture Tennesseans seeking to represent 
our State in public office. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT 
A message from the President of the 
United States was communicated to 
the Senate by Mrs. Neiman, one of his 
secretaries. 
f 
PRESIDENTIAL MESSAGE 
REPORT 
RELATIVE 
TO 
THE 
ISSUANCE 
OF 
AN 
EXECUTIVE 
ORDER WITH RESPECT TO IRAN 
THAT TAKES ADDITIONAL STEPS 
WITH 
RESPECT 
TO 
THE 
NA-
TIONAL EMERGENCY DECLARED 
IN EXECUTIVE ORDER 12957 OF 
MARCH 15, 1995—PM 58 
The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-
fore the Senate the following message 
from the President of the United 
States, together with an accompanying 
report; which was referred to the Com-
mittee 
on 
Banking, 
Housing, 
and 
Urban Affairs: 
To the Congress of the United States: 
Pursuant to the Countering Amer-
ica’s Adversaries Through Sanctions 
Act (Public Law 115–44), the Inter-
national Emergency Economic Powers 
Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) (IEEPA), the 
National Emergencies Act (50 U.S.C. 
1601 et seq.), section 212(f) of the Immi-
gration and Nationality Act of 1952 (8 
U.S.C. 1182(f)), and section 301 of title 3, 
United States Code, I hereby report I 
have issued an Executive Order (the 
‘‘order’’) that affirms that it remains 
the policy of the United States to 
counter Iran’s malign influence in the 
Middle East, including transfers from 
Iran 
of 
destabilizing 
conventional 
weapons and acquisition of arms and 
related materiel by Iran. Transfers to 
and from Iran of arms or related mate-
riel or military equipment represent a 
continuing threat to regional and 
international security. Iran benefits 
from engaging in the conventional 
arms trade by strengthening its rela-
tionships with other outlier regimes, 
lessening its international isolation, 
and deriving revenue that it uses to 
support terror groups and fund malign 
activities. 
In light of these findings and in order 
to take additional steps with respect to 
the national emergency declared in Ex-
ecutive Order 12957 of March 15, 1995 
(Prohibiting Certain Transactions with 
Respect to the Development of Iranian 
Petroleum Resources), the order blocks 
property and interests in property of 
persons determined by the Secretary of 
State, in consultation with the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, or the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, in consultation 
with the Secretary of State: 
∑ To engage in any activity that ma-
terially contributes to the supply, sale, 
or transfer, directly or indirectly, to or 
from Iran, or for the use in or benefit 
of Iran, of arms or related materiel, in-
cluding spare parts; 
∑ To provide to Iran any technical 
training, financial resources or serv-
ices, advice, other services, or assist-
ance related to the supply, sale, trans-
fer, manufacture, maintenance, or use 
of arms and related materiel described 
above; 
∑ To have engaged, or attempted to 
engage, in any activity that materially 
contributes to, or poses a risk of mate-
rially contributing to, the proliferation 
of arms or related materiel or items in-
tended for military end-uses or mili-
tary end-users, including any efforts to 
manufacture, acquire, possess, develop, 
transport, transfer, or use such items, 
by the Government of Iran (including 
persons owned or controlled by, or act-
ing for or on behalf of the Government 
of Iran) or paramilitary organizations 
financially or militarily supported by 
the Government of Iran; 
∑ To have materially assisted, spon-
sored, or provided financial, material, 
or technological support for, or goods 
or services to or in support of, any per-
son whose property and interests in 
property are blocked pursuant to the 
order; or 
∑ To be owned or controlled by, or to 
have acted or purported to act for or on 
behalf of, directly or indirectly, any 
person whose property and interests in 
property are blocked pursuant to the 
order. 
∑ Under section 212(f) of the Immi-
gration and Nationality Act of 1952 (8 
U.S.C. 1182(f)), the order also suspends 
the 
immigrant 
and 
nonimmigrant 
entry into the United States of aliens 
determined to meet one or more of the 
criteria above for the blocking of prop-
erty and interests in property. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:29 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00012
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G21SE6.021
S21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 105-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S5731 
September 21, 2020 
∑ I am enclosing a copy of the order 
I have issued. 
DONALD J. TRUMP.
THE WHITE HOUSE, September 21, 2020. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
ENROLLED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
SIGNED 
At 3:02 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by 
Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-
nounced that the Speaker has signed 
the following enrolled bills and joint 
resolutions: 
S. 2193. An act to require the Adminis-
trator of General Services to issue guidance 
to clarify that Federal agencies may pay by 
charge card for the charging of Federal elec-
tric motor vehicles, and for other purposes. 
S. 3105. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 
456 North Meridian Street in Indianapolis, 
Indiana, as the ‘‘Richard G. Lugar Post Of-
fice’’. 
H.J. Res. 87. Joint resolution providing for 
the reappointment of Michael M. Lynton as 
a citizen regent of the Board of Regents of 
the Smithsonian Institution. 
H.J. Res. 88. Joint resolution providing for 
the appointment of Franklin D. Raines as a 
citizen regent of the Board of Regents of the 
Smithsonian Institution. 
The enrolled bills and joint resolu-
tions were subsequently signed by the 
President pro tempore (Mr. GRASSLEY). 
f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR 
The following bill was read the sec-
ond time, and placed on the calendar: 
S. 4618. A bill making emergency supple-
mental appropriations for disaster relief for 
the fiscal year ending September 30, 2020, and 
for other purposes. 
ENROLLED BILLS PRESENTED 
The Secretary of the Senate reported 
that on today, September 21, 2020, she 
had presented to the President of the 
United States the following enrolled 
bills: 
S. 2193. An act to require the Adminis-
trator of General Services to issue guidance 
to clarify that Federal agencies may pay by 
charge card for the charging of Federal elec-
tric motor vehicles, and for other purposes. 
S. 3105. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 
456 North Meridian Street in Indianapolis, 
Indiana, as the ‘‘Richard G. Lugar Post Of-
fice’’. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first 
and second times by unanimous con-
sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mrs. LOEFFLER (for herself and 
Mr. COTTON): 
S. 4630. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to make the murder of a Fed-
eral, State, or local law enforcement officer 
a crime punishable by life in prison or death; 
to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. COTTON: 
S. 4631. A bill to temporarily suspend the 
diversity visa program, to designate resi-
dents of the Hong Kong Special Administra-
tive Region as Priority 2 refugees of special 
humanitarian concern, to provide special 
visas to highly-qualified residents of Hong 
Kong, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. 
By 
Mr. 
MCCONNELL 
(for 
Mr.GRAHAM): 
S. 4632. A bill to amend title 17, United 
States Code, to establish an alternative dis-
pute resolution program for copyright small 
claims, to amend the Communications Act of 
1934 to modify the scope of protection from 
civil liability for ‘‘good Samaritan’’ blocking 
and screening of offensive material, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary. 
By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and Mr. 
TILLIS): 
S. 4633. A bill to provide for assistance to 
rural water, wastewater, and waste disposal 
systems affected by the COVID–19 pandemic, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
By Mr. WICKER (for himself and Ms. 
COLLINS): 
S. 4634. A bill to provide support for air 
carrier workers, and for other purposes; to 
the Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation. 
By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself and 
Mr. RUBIO): 
S. 4635. A bill to respond to international 
trafficking of Cuban medical professionals 
by the Government of Cuba, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-
ary. 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. WAR-
NER, and Mr. KAINE): 
S. 4636. A bill to revise the treatment of ur-
banized 
areas 
experiencing 
populations 
changes following a major disaster; to the 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban 
Affairs. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and 
referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. BLUNT (for himself and Ms. 
KLOBUCHAR): 
S. Con. Res. 45. A concurrent resolution 
providing for the use of the catafalque situ-
ated in the crypt beneath the Rotunda of the 
Capitol in connection with memorial serv-
ices to be conducted in the Supreme Court 
Building and the Capitol for the late honor-
able Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Associate Justice 
of the United States Supreme Court; consid-
ered and agreed to. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 283 
At the request of Ms. COLLINS, the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico 
(Mr. UDALL) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 283, a bill to amend title XVIII of 
the Social Security Act to improve ac-
cess to, and utilization of, bone mass 
measurement benefits under part B of 
the Medicare program by establishing a 
minimum payment amount under such 
part for bone mass measurement. 
S. 593 
At the request of Mr. WHITEHOUSE, 
his name was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 593, a bill to amend the Religious 
Freedom Restoration Act of 1993 to 
protect civil rights and otherwise pre-
vent meaningful harm to third parties, 
and for other purposes. 
S. 1967 
At the request of Mr. WYDEN, the 
name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. 
ROSEN) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1967, a bill to promote innovative ap-
proaches to outdoor recreation on Fed-
eral land and to increase opportunities 
for 
collaboration 
with 
non-Federal 
partners, and for other purposes. 
S. 2480 
At the request of Mr. WYDEN, the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. 
HIRONO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
2480, a bill to amend title 31, United 
States Code, to reauthorize the pay-
ment in lieu of taxes program through 
fiscal year 2029. 
S. 2561 
At the request of Mr. BLUMENTHAL, 
the names of the Senator from Nevada 
(Ms. CORTEZ MASTO) and the Senator 
from New Hampshire (Ms. HASSAN) 
were added as cosponsors of S. 2561, a 
bill to amend the Lacey Act Amend-
ments of 1981 to clarify provisions en-
acted by the Captive Wildlife Safety 
Act, to further the conservation of cer-
tain wildlife species, and for other pur-
poses. 
S. 3067 
At the request of Ms. MCSALLY, her 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 
3067, a bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to combat the 
opioid crisis by promoting access to 
non-opioid treatments in the hospital 
outpatient setting. 
S. 3176 
At the request of Mr. RUBIO, the 
name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. 
CRAPO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
3176, a bill to amend the Foreign As-
sistance Act of 1961 and the United 
States-Israel Strategic Partnership Act 
of 2014 to make improvements to cer-
tain defense and security assistance 
provisions and to authorize the appro-
priations of funds to Israel, and for 
other purposes. 
S. 3296 
At the request of Mr. TOOMEY, the 
name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. 
YOUNG) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
3296, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to permanently allow 
a tax deduction at the time an invest-
ment in qualified property is made, and 
for other purposes. 
S. 3318 
At the request of Mr. CASSIDY, the 
name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. 
BRAUN) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
3318, a bill to promote transparency in 
health care pricing. 
S. 3471 
At the request of Mr. RUBIO, the 
name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. 
CORNYN) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
3471, a bill to ensure that goods made 
with forced labor in the Xinjiang 
Uyghur Autonomous Region of the 
People’s Republic of China do not enter 
the United States market, and for 
other purposes. 
S. 3620 
At the request of Mr. REED, the name 
of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:29 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00013
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A21SE6.004
S21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 106-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S5732 
September 21, 2020 
WHITEHOUSE) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 3620, a bill to establish a Housing 
Assistance Fund at the Department of 
the Treasury. 
S. 3761 
At the request of Mr. WHITEHOUSE, 
his name was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 3761, a bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to require the Secretary 
of Veterans Affairs to provide veterans 
service organizations and recognized 
agents and attorneys opportunities to 
review Department of Veterans Affairs 
disability rating determinations before 
they are finalized, and for other pur-
poses. 
S. 4150 
At the request of Mr. REED, the name 
of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. COR-
TEZ MASTO) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 4150, a bill to require the Secretary 
of the Treasury to provide assistance 
to certain providers of transportation 
services 
affected 
by 
the 
novel 
coronavirus. 
S. 4258 
At the request of Mr. CORNYN, the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico 
(Mr. HEINRICH) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 4258, a bill to establish a grant 
program for small live venue operators 
and talent representatives. 
S. 4520 
At the request of Mrs. LOEFFLER, the 
names of the Senator from Tennessee 
(Mrs. BLACKBURN) and the Senator 
from Louisiana (Mr. CASSIDY) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 4520, a bill to 
transfer the responsibility of verifying 
small business concerns owned and 
controlled by veterans or service-dis-
abled veterans to the Small Business 
Administration, and for other pur-
poses. 
S. 4572 
At the request of Mrs. GILLIBRAND, 
the names of the Senator from Rhode 
Island (Mr. WHITEHOUSE), the Senator 
from Connecticut (Mr. BLUMENTHAL) 
and the Senator from Rhode Island 
(Mr. REED) were added as cosponsors of 
S. 4572, a bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to provide for a presump-
tion of service connection for certain 
diseases associated with exposure to 
toxins, and for other purposes. 
S. 4582 
At the request of Mr. RUBIO, the 
names of the Senator from Washington 
(Mrs. MURRAY) and the Senator from 
California (Mrs. FEINSTEIN) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 4582, a bill to ex-
tend, 
temporarily, 
daylight 
saving 
time, and for other purposes. 
S. 4602 
At the request of Mr. KENNEDY, the 
names of the Senator from North Da-
kota (Mr. HOEVEN) and the Senator 
from West Virginia (Mrs. CAPITO) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 4602, a bill to 
prohibit the obstruction of emergency 
vehicles. 
S. 4621 
At the request of Mr. WYDEN, the 
name of the Senator from Washington 
(Ms. CANTWELL) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 4621, a bill to provide tax relief 
for persons affected by certain 2020 dis-
asters. 
S.J. RES. 14 
At the request of Mr. RUBIO, the 
names of the Senator from North Caro-
lina (Mr. TILLIS), the Senator from 
Georgia (Mrs. LOEFFLER) and the Sen-
ator from Georgia (Mr. PERDUE) were 
added as cosponsors of S.J. Res. 14, a 
joint resolution proposing an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United 
States to require that the Supreme 
Court of the United States be composed 
of not more than 9 justices. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE 
CONCURRENT 
RESOLU-
TION 
45—PROVIDING 
FOR 
THE 
USE OF THE CATAFALQUE SITU-
ATED IN THE CRYPT BENEATH 
THE ROTUNDA OF THE CAPITOL 
IN CONNECTION WITH MEMORIAL 
SERVICES TO BE CONDUCTED IN 
THE SUPREME COURT BUILDING 
AND 
THE 
CAPITOL 
FOR 
THE 
LATE HONORABLE RUTH BADER 
GINSBURG, ASSOCIATE JUSTICE 
OF 
THE 
UNITED 
STATES 
SU-
PREME COURT 
Mr. BLUNT (for himself and Ms. KLO-
BUCHAR) submitted the following con-
current resolution; which was consid-
ered and agreed to: 
S. CON. RES. 45 
Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-
resentatives concurring), That the Architect of 
the Capitol is authorized and directed to 
transfer to the custody of the Supreme Court 
of the United States the catafalque which is 
situated in the crypt beneath the Rotunda of 
the Capitol so that such catafalque may be 
used in the Supreme Court Building in con-
nection with services to be conducted there 
for the late honorable Ruth Bader Ginsburg, 
Associate Justice of the United States Su-
preme Court. The custody of the catafalque 
shall then be returned to the Architect of 
the Capitol to be used in connection with 
such services to be conducted in National 
Statuary Hall. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR THE USE OF THE 
CATAFALQUE SITUATED IN THE 
CRYPT BENEATH THE ROTUNDA 
OF THE CAPITOL IN CONNECTION 
WITH MEMORIAL SERVICES TO 
BE 
CONDUCTED 
IN 
THE 
SU-
PREME 
COURT 
BUILDING 
AND 
THE CAPITOL FOR THE LATE 
HONORABLE RUTH BADER GINS-
BURG, ASSOCIATE JUSTICE OF 
THE UNITED STATES SUPREME 
COURT 
Mr. MCCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-
ate proceed to the immediate consider-
ation of S. Con. Res. 45. 
The 
PRESIDING 
OFFICER. 
The 
clerk will report the concurrent resolu-
tion by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 45) 
providing for the use of the catafalque situ-
ated in the crypt beneath the Rotunda of the 
Capitol in connection with memorial serv-
ices to be conducted in the Supreme Court 
Building and the Capitol for the late honor-
able Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Associate Justice 
of the United States Supreme Court. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the concurrent 
resolution. 
Mr. MCCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the con-
current resolution be agreed to and the 
motion to reconsider be considered 
made and laid upon the table with no 
intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The concurrent resolution (S. Con. 
Res. 45) was agreed to. 
(The concurrent resolution is printed 
in today’s RECORD under ‘‘Submitted 
Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, 
SEPTEMBER 22, 2020 
Mr. MCCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that when the 
Senate completes its business today, it 
adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday, Sep-
tember 22; further, that following the 
prayer and pledge, the morning hour be 
deemed expired, the Journal of pro-
ceedings be approved to date, the time 
for the two leaders be reserved for their 
use later in the day, and morning busi-
ness be closed; further, that following 
leader remarks, the Senate proceed to 
executive session and resume consider-
ation of the Meyers nomination under 
the previous order; finally, that fol-
lowing the cloture vote on the Lucas 
nomination, the Senate recess until 
2:15 to allow for the weekly conference 
meetings. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. MCCONNELL. Madam President, 
if there is no further business to come 
before the Senate, I ask unanimous 
consent that it stand adjourned under 
the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 6:49 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, 
September 22, 2020, at 10 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:29 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00014
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A21SE6.009
S21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 107-
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E863 
September 21, 2020 
RECOGNITION 
OF 
MELISSA 
AND 
DAVID COMRAS AS A 2020 AN-
GELS IN ADOPTION HONOREE 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Monday, September 21, 2020 
Mr. HASTINGS. Madam Speaker, it is my 
great privilege to rise today to honor Melissa 
and David Comras, for their extraordinary con-
tributions to the lives of children and teen-
agers in the foster care system. 
Melissa and David were recognized as a 
2020 Angels in Adoption by the Congressional 
Coalition on Adoption Institute (CCAI). The 
Comras family has a strong history of involve-
ment with both adoption and foster care. Me-
lissa began her career helping children as a 
Guardian Ad Litem 20 years ago, when she 
began working with teenagers aging out of the 
foster care system. She is a fierce advocate 
for the rights of teens and guides them 
through the process of the independent living 
program through their 18th birthday and be-
yond. By opening their home and, most impor-
tantly, their hearts, through their personal ex-
perience with fostering and adopting their 
daughter Amelia, and by fighting for children 
who are at their most vulnerable as they age 
out of the foster system. Melissa and David 
truly exemplify Angels in Adoption. 
Founded in 2001, CCAI is a nonprofit orga-
nization with the vision that every child should 
know the love and support of a caring family. 
Every year, CCAI selects a small group of out-
standing individuals, families, or organizations 
across the nation to be recognized as Angels 
in Adoption. These honorees have gone 
above and beyond to demonstrate their com-
mitment to improving the lives of children in 
need of permanent, loving homes. 
Madam Speaker, I am so very proud of Me-
lissa and David Comras for all the work that 
they have done in our community. I wish them 
the best as they continue their work to make 
the dream of a forever family a reality for so 
many children in need. 
f 
OUTLYING AREA APPRENTICESHIP 
EXPANSION ACT 
HON. GREGORIO KILILI CAMACHO 
SABLAN 
OF THE NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Monday, September 21, 2020 
Mr. SABLAN. Madam Speaker, today, I am 
introducing the Outlying Areas Apprenticeship 
Expansion Program, so the benefits of the Na-
tional Apprenticeship Act are available to the 
people of the Northern Mariana Islands as in 
the rest of the United States. 
The National Apprenticeship Act has proven 
its value over the last 83 years, helping grow 
local economies and ushering young people 
into successful careers. Yet the Act does not 
support apprenticeships in the Marianas and 
other insular areas. My bill fixes that inequity, 
providing the annual funding necessary to 
support the creation of, and expansion of reg-
istered apprenticeship programs in the Mari-
anas, and the rest of the smaller insular areas. 
Apprenticeship programs foster opportunity 
and innovation in fields affecting the well-being 
of people across the Nation, and help commu-
nities prepare for the future by developing 
workforces in crucial fields, like telecommuni-
cations and healthcare. 
I have every reason to believe that appren-
ticeship programs will similarly lift up the hard-
working people of the Marianas, and other in-
sular areas. 
I urge all my colleagues to support this im-
portant legislation. 
f 
JACK SCHURMAN—VETERANS 
LEADER 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Monday, September 21, 2020 
Mr. SHIMKUS. Madam Speaker, I rise today 
to remember a great friend of mine and a tre-
mendous advocate for America’s veterans, Mr. 
Jack Edward Schurman. A little more than two 
years ago, I spoke about Jack as he moved 
from his longtime residence of Shelbyville, IL, 
in my 15th Congressional District, to the Mis-
sissippi State Veterans Home to be near his 
daughter, Kelli Ann, in Bay St. Louis, MS. On 
September 13, Jack passed way, a victim of 
the ongoing, tragic COVID–19 pandemic. 
Born in Iowa on June 12, 1939, Jack joined 
the U.S. Navy in 1959. He rose to the rank of 
yeoman third class before a disability cut short 
his service in 1964. Jack made his way to Illi-
nois. In 1976, he married Nancy Ellen 
Cranford. They raised two daughters, Kelli 
Ann and Kim Marie. 
As chairman of my Veterans Advisory Com-
mittee, Jack used his valuable experience and 
perspective as a disabled veteran in leading 
our meetings through the years. Between 
meetings, he would direct a number of vet-
erans to my office for casework assistance, 
several of whom he had to use his well-known 
persistence to convince they could trust a gov-
ernment representative. 
Jack’s health declined after the death of his 
beloved Nancy in 2016, leading to his move to 
Mississippi. But even after leaving the state, 
he continued advocating for his fellow vet-
erans in Illinois, staying in contact with my of-
fice from long distance. 
Madam Speaker, Jack Edward Schurman 
was laid to rest next to Nancy at Mt. Zion 
Cemetery near Shelbyville. After fighting the 
good fight, may he rest in peace. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF BISHOP 
HEZEKIAH ROSS 
HON. STEPHANIE N. MURPHY 
OF FLORIDA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Monday, September 21, 2020 
Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Madam Speaker, 
I rise to honor my constituent, Bishop 
Hezekiah Ross, who passed away on July 29, 
2020, at the age of 91. 
Dr. Ross was a man of faith and a man of 
action. His life was defined by service to oth-
ers. Dr. Ross served in the Army, deploying to 
Korea in 1950. 
After returning home to Central Florida, he 
became assistant pastor and then senior pas-
tor at the West Sanford Freewill Holiness 
Church, serving there for over six decades. 
When I took office, I asked Dr. Ross—and 
he generously agreed—to serve on my faith 
leaders’ advisory board. Despite his advanced 
age, he never missed a session. In his quiet, 
dignified way, he helped me better under-
stand, and address, the needs of the Sanford 
community. 
Throughout his life, Dr. Ross ministered to 
his congregation, but he also led a street min-
istry and a prison ministry, counseling and 
mentoring men and women on the margins of 
society, those forgotten or forsaken by others. 
He was the epitome of grace and compas-
sion in a world that needs more of both. 
Dr. Ross was also a trailblazer. In 1969, he 
became the first black firefighter in the city of 
Sanford. For 22 years, he was firefighter and 
a pastor, a rare and wonderful combination, 
saving lives while saving souls. 
Of course, it could not have been easy to 
integrate this institution. But Hezekiah Ross 
was never interested in doing easy things. He 
was a determined man. He wanted to serve 
his community, and he wouldn’t be deterred or 
discouraged. 
At that time, in that place, the idea of a 
black firefighter could be hard to fathom—and 
Hezekiah faced his share of prejudice. But, 
over time, Hezekiah came to be accepted, ad-
mired, and—ultimately—beloved by his fellow 
firefighters. 
A few asked him to forgive them for the way 
they had initially treated him, which of course 
he did. 
Being a firefighter under any. circumstances 
takes courage. Being a firefighter under these 
conditions takes courage and character, and 
Dr. Ross possessed both. 
In 2004, more than a decade after he had 
retired from the force, Dr. Ross was invited to 
become the Sanford Fire Department’s first 
chaplain, ministering to firefighters and their 
families. 
The man who was once tolerated was now 
treasured. 
Bishop Ross is survived by his wife Lelia, 
who was kind enough to speak to my office 
about her late husband. ‘‘We were married for 
68 years,’’ she told us. ‘‘We did everything to-
gether.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
08:32 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A21SE8.001
E21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 108-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E864 
September 21, 2020 
If Bishop Ross was the rock of Goldsboro, 
Leila was his rock. 
The Bishop’s funeral service was a sight to 
behold. The streets of Sanford were basically 
shut down for the procession. A soldier played 
‘‘Taps’’ to honor his military service. His cas-
ket was transported on the back of a firetruck. 
Everybody was there. Black, white, young, 
and not-so-young, bound together by their af-
fection for this extraordinary man. 
He will be greatly missed, but he is now 
home. May God bless this trailblazer and may 
God continue to bless his beloved community 
of family and friends. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JODEY C. ARRINGTON 
OF TEXAS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Monday, September 21, 2020 
Mr. ARRINGTON. Madam Speaker, unfortu-
nately I was unable to be present for votes on 
September 17, 2020. 
Had I been present, I would have voted 
YEA on Roll Call No. 194. 
f 
CONGRATULATING MELISSA 
COLLINS 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Monday, September 21, 2020 
Mr. COHEN. Madam Speaker, I rise today 
to congratulate Dr. Melissa Collins, a second- 
grade science teacher at the John P. Freeman 
Optional School in the Whitehaven neighbor-
hood of Memphis, who last week was inducted 
into the National Teachers Hall of Fame. This 
honor was just the most recent recognition of 
Dr. Collins’ huge influence in the classroom as 
an Early Childhood educator and as a policy 
maker. She was also the winner of a 2010 
Presidential Award for Excellence in Mathe-
matics and Science Teaching. During the East 
Room ceremony at the White House, Presi-
dent Obama jokingly asked Dr. Collins to con-
sider tutoring his daughters. Among many of 
her accolades, Dr. Collins received the 2013 
NEA Foundation’s Horace Mann Award for 
Teaching Excellence, the 2014 West Ten-
nessee Teacher of the Year Award, the 2015 
Queen Smith Award for Urban Education from 
the Council of Great City Schools, the 2015 
Kennedy Center-Stephen Sondheim Inspira-
tional Teacher Award, the 2017 National 
Science Teachers Association Science Educa-
tor Development Award, and was one of six 
U.S. finalists for the $1 million Varkey Founda-
tion Global Teacher Award in 2018. Dr. Collins 
has taught at John P. Freeman for 21 years 
and has been a standout from the start. In 
2007, she instituted the ‘‘Muffins with Moms’’ 
days to have students see their mothers read 
to their classes and, later, the ‘‘Dates for 
Dads’’ days for fathers to have lunch with their 
children at school. She also instituted the 
‘‘Dress Up Friday’’ days so students could 
show off a little. In class, she has her students 
don lab coats to conduct their science experi-
ments and has been known to incorporate 
music in her teaching, part of the rationale for 
the Sondheim award. ‘‘I learned to take a risk 
for my students and myself. I allowed my stu-
dents to drive their own learning and curi-
osity,’’ she has said. ‘‘In the beginning, I would 
seek opportunities. Now, those opportunities 
seek me. I was chasing my dreams and now 
my dreams chase me.’’ After graduating in 
1992 from Whitehaven High School, where 
she played basketball and her father, Stanley, 
coached the football team, she earned a mas-
ter’s and doctorate from the University of 
Southern Mississippi while constantly giving 
back to her community. As a policy expert, Dr. 
Collins has travelled to India and Brazil and 
across the U.S. to confer with other recog-
nized leaders, and to the Halls of Congress, 
where she has advised Senator ALEXANDER 
and me on best practices and good ideas. I 
value her insights and her passion for the stu-
dents she loves. On Friday, students still 
learning from home will stage a drive-by pa-
rade in her honor outside the Freeman Op-
tional School. She is a true inspiration, and I 
wish her well as she continues her astonishing 
career. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NATIONAL 
AEROSPACE WEEK 
HON. ADAM SMITH 
OF WASHINGTON 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Monday, September 21, 2020 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Madam Speaker, 
I along with Representative THORNBERRY, rise 
to recognize the United States aerospace in-
dustry. For more than 100 years, the Amer-
ican aerospace industry has moved, con-
nected, secured, and inspired the modern 
world with countless technologies that play a 
role in our daily lives. The industry has made 
a tremendous impact, strengthening both 
America’s economy and national security. The 
aerospace and defense industry’s economic 
presence is felt in all 50 states, representing 
1.8 percent of total U.S. Gross Domestic Prod-
uct in 2019. And it’s one of our country’s best 
employers, supporting more than 2 million 
world-class workers in 2019 and providing 
them wages and benefits that are more than 
40 percent higher than the national average. It 
also supports the U.S. National Defense Strat-
egy by providing our military with the most ad-
vanced and effective platforms and systems in 
the world. 
In keeping with industry’s strong commit-
ment to our country and its citizens, our na-
tion’s aerospace companies have answered 
the call to help assist with the public health re-
sponse to the COVID–19 pandemic. Aero-
space companies have used their unique skills 
and expertise to produce face shields, design 
and build portable ventilators, and deliver es-
sential supplies to the front lines in effort to 
ensure our nation overcomes these unprece-
dented challenges. 
While the history of the aerospace industry 
is filled with contributions to the technological 
advancement of humankind, from the develop-
ment of flight to putting the first person on the 
moon, the future is just as bright. The industry 
is inspiring young Americans from diverse 
backgrounds to study and pursue science, 
technology, engineering, and math, so they 
can help drive future innovations. Through 
groundbreaking technologies like urban air 
mobility and planning the next great space 
mission to Mars, the aerospace industry is 
working today to build a better, safer, and 
more successful tomorrow. 
f 
COMMEMORATING 
THE 
INTER-
NATIONAL 
ASSOCIATION 
OF 
DRILLING 
CONTRACTORS 
ON 
THEIR 80TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. STEVE SCALISE 
OF LOUISIANA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Monday, September 21, 2020 
Mr. SCALISE. Madam Speaker. I rise today 
to congratulate the International Association of 
Drilling Contractors (IADC) on their 80th anni-
versary. Formed in 1940, IADC’s roughly 550 
U.S. member companies employ more than 
70,000 hardworking men and women and 
have played an invaluable role in bringing 
American energy to individuals, families, and 
small businesses all across our country. 
The thousands of people who work each 
day to bring energy to market are essential to 
the State of Louisiana and to American energy 
independence. Energy produced in the Gulf of 
Mexico and throughout the country is crucial 
not only here at home, but also to our friends 
around the globe. American energy explo-
ration and production helps keep energy 
prices low for families and small businesses, 
provides millions of people with good-paying 
jobs, and prevents hostile foreign regimes 
from using their energy resources to harm our 
allies. 
Unfortunately, the COVID–19 pandemic and 
economic shutdown has hit energy-producing 
states, and the jobs and communities they 
support, especially hard. It has crushed en-
ergy demand, and a foreign price war earlier 
this year exacerbated an already dire situa-
tion. This combination resulted in devastating 
lay-offs, oil prices plummeting to negative for 
the first time in history, and billions of dollars 
of planned investments lost. 
But America’s oil and gas workers are ex-
traordinarily resilient, and the industry will re-
cover from this downturn. The United States 
has vast reserves of oil and natural gas, re-
sources that are produced here at home with 
some of the highest standards and safest 
technologies for energy exploration and pro-
duction in the entire world. lADC has been, 
and will continue to be, a large part of that 
success. 
I applaud IADC and the women and men 
who work each and every day to bring energy 
to individuals and families all across our coun-
try. I appreciate their work to advance innova-
tion with a focus on safety, and I wish IADC 
continued success and another fantastic 80 
years. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. EMANUEL CLEAVER 
OF MISSOURI 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Monday, September 21, 2020 
Mr. CLEAVER. Madam Speaker, for the 
floor votes on Thursday, September 17, 2020, 
I regrettably erred when casting my vote for 
roll call 194, the Motion to Recommit with In-
structions H.R. 2694, the Pregnant Workers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
08:32 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A21SE8.004
E21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 109-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E865 
September 21, 2020 
Fairness Act. I had intended to vote ‘‘no’’ on 
roll call vote 194, against the Motion to 
Recommit. 
f 
IN REMEMBRANCE OF THE HONOR-
ABLE RUTH BADER GINSBURG, 
THE 
‘NOTORIOUS 
RBG,’ 
ASSO-
CIATE 
JUSTICE 
OF 
THE 
SU-
PREME COURT, FEMINIST ICON 
AND TRAILBLAZER, INSPIRATION 
TO MILLIONS, TIRELESS CHAM-
PION FOR JUSTICE AND FIERCE 
DEFENDER OF THE CONSTITU-
TION 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Monday, September 21, 2020 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, as a 
senior member of the House of Representa-
tives and the Committee on the Judiciary, as 
a direct beneficiary of her advancement of 
women’s rights, and as a longtime admirer of 
her vigorous defense of the constitution, I am 
honored but heartbroken to pay tribute to an 
American hero, a feminist icon, and role model 
to millions, Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader 
Ginsburg, who died last Friday, September 18, 
2020 at the age of 87 years old. 
Today, tomorrow, and forever, the American 
people mourn the loss of a true titan, an 
American legend, and an inspiration. 
Our thoughts and prayers are with Ruth’s 
family, friends, and loved ones. 
Ruth Bader Ginsburg dedicated her life to 
defending the Constitution and protecting the 
sanctity of America’s democratic ideals, and 
we will forever be indebted to her service to 
this country. 
Joan Ruth Bader, fondly nicknamed Kiki, 
was born on March 15, 1933 to an immigrant 
family and grew up in Brooklyn’s Flatbush 
neighborhood. 
Ruth Bader Ginsburg often spoke of her 
mother’s large ambitions for her, and how the 
devastating loss of her mother’s death at an 
early age instilled in her the determination to 
live a life that her mother would have been 
proud of. 
And so, she did. 
Ruth Bader attended Cornell University 
where she met Martin D. Ginsburg, her future 
husband and love of her life to whom she was 
married for 54 years. 
In 1954, at the age of 21, Ruth Bader grad-
uated Phi Beta Kappa from Cornell with a 
Bachelor of Arts degree in Government on 
June 23, 1954 and was the highest-ranking fe-
male student in her graduating class. 
A month after graduating from Cornell, Ruth 
and Martin were married and moved to Fort 
Sill, Oklahoma, where Martin was stationed as 
a Reserve Officers’ Training Corps officer in 
the U.S. Army Reserve after his call-up to ac-
tive duty. 
To help support the family, Ruth Bader 
Ginsburg worked for the Social Security Ad-
ministration office in Oklahoma, where she 
was demoted after becoming pregnant with 
her first child, Jane, who was born in 1955. 
In the fall of 1956, Ruth Bader Ginsburg en-
rolled at Harvard Law School, where she was 
one of only 9 women in a class of about 500 
men. 
Harvard Law Dean Erwin Griswold report-
edly invited all the female law students to din-
ner at his family home and asked the female 
law students, including Ginsburg, ‘‘Why are 
you at Harvard Law School, taking the place 
of a man?’’ 
When her husband took a job in New York 
City, Ruth Bader Ginsburg transferred to Co-
lumbia Law School and became the first 
woman to be on two major law reviews: Har-
vard Law Review and Columbia Law Review. 
In 1959, she earned her law degree at Co-
lumbia and tied for first in her class but de-
spite these enviable credentials and distin-
guished record of excellence, no law firm in 
New York City would hire as a lawyer because 
she was a woman. 
Ruth Bader Ginsburg became a crusader for 
women’s rights and an unstoppable force who 
transformed the law and defied social conven-
tion. 
Ruth Bader Ginsburg, later affectionately 
known as the ‘Notorious RBG,’ was as instru-
mental and historically significant to the cause 
of women’s rights as was Thurgood Marshall 
to the cause of civil rights for African Ameri-
cans. 
As a young lawyer and Director of the 
Women’s Rights Project of the American Civil 
Liberties Union, Ruth Bader Ginsburg litigated 
six landmark cases before the Supreme Court, 
winning five out of the six cases. 
Like Justice Marshall, Ruth Bader Gins-
burg’s uncanny strategic instincts and careful 
selection of cases were vital in her persuasion 
of the all-male Supreme Court to start disman-
tling the legal institution of sex discrimination 
one case at a time. 
In 1975, Ruth Bader Ginsburg litigated and 
won Weinberger v. Wiesenfeld, which would 
become a landmark case in antidiscrimination 
jurisprudence. 
In this case, the widower had been denied 
survivor benefits, which would allow him to 
stay at home and raise his son, based on a 
Social Security provision that assumed only 
women were secondary providers with unim-
portant incomes. 
While some questioned Ginsburg’s choice to 
challenge instances of sex discrimination by 
representing a male plaintiff, Ruth Bader Gins-
burg saw it as an opportunity to show the 
court that childcare was not a sex-determined 
role to be performed only by women. 
As with many of her cases, her goal was to 
free both sexes, men as well as women, from 
the roles that society had assigned them and 
to harness the Constitution to break down the 
structures by which the state maintained and 
enforced those separate spheres. 
As Ruth Bader Ginsburg continued to chal-
lenge the stereotypical assumptions of what 
was considered to be women’s work and 
men’s work, she was able to persuade the 
Court and the nation that discriminating on the 
basis of sex was not only wrong but violative 
of the 14th Amendment of the Constitution, 
which guarantees equal protection to all citi-
zens under the law. 
As the courts began to recognize the chang-
ing roles of men and women, Ruth Bader 
Ginsburg was able to advance gender equality 
with the understanding that women are capa-
ble of being heads of households or sole pro-
viders for their family. 
In 1993, President Bill Clinton appointed 
Ruth Bader Ginsburg to the Supreme Court, 
making her the second woman to fill this posi-
tion. 
This historic appointment further symbolized 
the principle that women were equal to men in 
every respect, that they could have successful 
careers and also could, if they chose, be de-
voted wives or mothers, thereby breaking bar-
riers for generations of women to follow in her 
footsteps. 
In fact, many of Ginsburg’s opinions helped 
solidify the constitutional protections she had 
fought so hard to establish decades earlier. 
While we commemorate Justice Ginsburg’s 
work for advancing the women’s movement 
both as a Justice and as a lawyer, all are in 
her debt who cherish the progress made in 
the areas of LGBTQ+ equality, immigration re-
form, environmental justice, voting rights, pro-
tections for people with disabilities, and so 
much more. 
Throughout her life, Ruth Bader Ginsburg 
worked to make the law work so that America 
would be more just, equitable, fairer, and bet-
ter for all. 
Whether it be in her legendary dissenting 
opinions or as leader when in the majority, 
Justice Ginsburg continued to advocate for the 
marginalized and most vulnerable. 
In recent years, she may not have been 
able to control the outcome of the rulings, but 
she grew bolder in her dissents, often stating 
what should have been the outcome. 
Throughout her tenure on the bench, Ruth 
Bader Ginsburg displayed her rigorous and in-
cisive legal mind and employed her formidable 
skills as a consensus builder, but she could be 
tough and forceful when the moment de-
manded. 
Nothing illustrates this better than her fa-
mous dissent in Shelby County v. Holder, in 
which the 5–to–4 majority negated the Voting 
Rights Act of 1965 by invalidating section 4 of 
the law, which neutralized section 5, the provi-
sion of the act that required jurisdictions with 
a history of racial and ethnic discrimination in 
voting to obtain preclearance from the federal 
government before any changes in voting pro-
cedures, from polling stations to voter photo 
IDs could go into effect. 
It was in her scathing dissent Justice Gins-
burg stated, ‘‘Hubris is a fit word for today’s 
demolition of the VRA’’ and that the majority’s 
logic was akin to ‘‘throwing away your um-
brella in a rainstorm because you are not get-
ting wet.’’ 
Unlike the others, Justice Ginsburg was 
able to see the ramifications of the ruling and 
its allowances for reinvigorated efforts of voter 
suppression. 
Today, I join millions of individuals who are 
mourning the loss of this legal giant, feminist, 
and trailblazer. 
Justice Ginsburg loved this country, so 
much so that she served the nation while en-
during illnesses and undergoing treatments 
that would have incapacitated lesser mortals. 
She inspired generations of women then 
and now to shatter glass ceilings, and her leg-
acy will inspire new generations of women in 
the years to come. 
As the news of her passing continues to re-
verberate across the country and around the 
world, it is important that we remember and 
honor what she stood for and continue fighting 
to realize the goal of equal justice under law. 
I ask the House to observe a moment of si-
lence to honor the memory of Supreme Court 
Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, the ‘Notorious 
RBG,’ one the greatest jurists in our nation’s 
history, a tireless and unyielding champion for 
equal justice, and a fierce defender of the 
Constitution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
08:32 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A21SE8.009
E21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 110-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E866 
September 21, 2020 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 
1977, calls for establishment of a sys-
tem for a computerized schedule of all 
meetings and hearings of Senate com-
mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-
tees, and committees of conference. 
This title requires all such committees 
to notify the Office of the Senate Daily 
Digest—designated by the Rules Com-
mittee—of the time, place and purpose 
of the meetings, when scheduled and 
any cancellations or changes in the 
meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-
mation, the Office of the Senate Daily 
Digest will prepare this information for 
printing in the Extensions of Remarks 
section of the CONGRESSIONAL RECORD 
on Monday and Wednesday of each 
week. 
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, Sep-
tember 22, 2020 may be found in the 
Daily Digest of today’s RECORD. 
MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
SEPTEMBER 23 
TIME TO BE ANNOUNCED 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs 
Business meeting to consider S. 4393, to 
improve the provision of health care 
and other benefits from the Depart-
ment of Veterans Affairs for veterans 
who were exposed to toxic substances, 
and S. 4511, to make certain improve-
ments in the laws administered by the 
Secretary of Veterans Affairs relating 
to education, burial benefits, and other 
matters. 
TBA 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
To hold hearings to examine the need for 
federal data privacy legislation. 
SR–253 
Committee on Environment and Public 
Works 
To hold hearings to examine the Endan-
gered Species Act Amendments of 2020, 
focusing on modernizing the Endan-
gered Species Act. 
SD–106 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions 
To hold hearings to examine COVID–19, 
focusing on an update on the federal re-
sponse. 
SD–G50 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tion of Chad F. Wolf, of Virginia, to be 
Secretary of Homeland Security. 
SD–342 
Committee on the Judiciary 
To hold hearings to examine certain 
nominations. 
SD–226 
2 p.m. 
Committee on Appropriations 
Subcommittee 
on 
Commerce, 
Justice, 
Science, and Related Agencies 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates and justification for 
fiscal year 2021 for the National Aero-
nautics and Space Administration. 
SR–325 
Select Committee on Intelligence 
To hold closed hearings to examine cer-
tain intelligence matters. 
SH–219 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To receive a closed briefing on Depart-
ment of Defense cyber operations in 
support of efforts to protect the integ-
rity of U.S. national elections from 
malign actors. 
SVC–217 
Committee on the Budget 
To hold hearings to examine the Con-
gressional 
Budget 
Office’s 
updated 
budget outlook. 
SD–608 
Committee on Indian Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine S. 3126, to 
amend the Public Health Service Act 
to 
authorize 
a 
special 
behavioral 
health program for Indians, S. 3264, to 
expedite and streamline the deploy-
ment of affordable broadband service 
on Tribal land, S. 3937, to amend sec-
tion 330C of the Public Health Service 
Act to reauthorize special programs for 
Indians for providing services for the 
prevention and treatment of diabetes, 
S. 4079, to authorize the Seminole 
Tribe of Florida to lease or transfer 
certain land, and S. 4556, to authorize 
the Secretary of Health and Human 
Services, acting through the Director 
of the Indian Health Service, to acquire 
private land to facilitate access to the 
Desert Sage Youth Wellness Center in 
Hemet, California. 
SD–628 
SEPTEMBER 24 
9 a.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To hold hearings to examine United 
States policy in a changing Middle 
East. 
SD–G50 
9:30 a.m. 
Select Committee on Intelligence 
To hold closed hearings to examine cer-
tain intelligence matters. 
SVC–217 
Special Committee on Aging 
To hold hearings to examine women and 
retirement, focusing on unique chal-
lenges and opportunities to pave a 
brighter future. 
SD–562 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and 
Urban Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine the quar-
terly CARES Act report to Congress. 
SD–106 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
Subcommittee on Communications, Tech-
nology, Innovation, and the Internet 
To hold hearings to examine an evalua-
tion of FirstNet’s progress. 
SR–253 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine threats to 
the homeland. 
SD–342 
Committee on the Judiciary 
Business meeting to consider S. 4632, to 
amend title 17, United States Code, to 
establish an alternative dispute resolu-
tion 
program 
for 
copyright 
small 
claims, to amend the Communications 
Act of 1934 to modify the scope of pro-
tection from civil liability for ‘‘good 
Samaritan’’ blocking and screening of 
offensive material, and the nomina-
tions of Benjamin Joel Beaton, to be 
United States District Judge for the 
Western District of Kentucky, Kristi 
Haskins 
Johnson, 
and 
Taylor 
B. 
McNeel, both to be a United States Dis-
trict Judge for the Southern District of 
Mississippi, Kathryn Kimball Mizelle, 
to be United States District Judge for 
the Middle District of Florida, and 
Thompson Michael Dietz, of New Jer-
sey, to be a Judge of the United States 
Court of Federal Claims. 
SR–325 
OCTOBER 1 
9:15 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
Subcommittee on Readiness and Manage-
ment Support 
To hold hearings to examine supply 
chain integrity. 
SD–G50 
POSTPONEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 23 
9:15 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
Subcommittee on Readiness and Manage-
ment Support 
To hold hearings to examine Navy and 
Marine Corps readiness. 
SD–562 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on the Judiciary 
Subcommittee on Intellectual Property 
To hold hearings to examine threats to 
American intellectual property, focus-
ing on cyber attacks and counterfeits 
during the COVID–19 pandemic. 
SD–226 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
08:32 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00004
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\M21SE8.000
E21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 111-
D819 
Monday, September 21, 2020 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S5719–S5732 
Measures Introduced: Seven bills and one resolu-
tion were introduced, as follows: S. 4630–4636, and 
S. Con. Res. 45.                                                          Page S5731 
Measures Passed: 
Providing for the Use of the Catafalque: Senate 
agreed to S. Con. Res. 45, providing for the use of 
the catafalque situated in the crypt beneath the Ro-
tunda of the Capitol in connection with memorial 
services to be conducted in the Supreme Court 
Building and the Capitol for the late honorable Ruth 
Bader Ginsburg, Associate Justice of the United 
States Supreme Court.                                             Page S5731 
Message from the President: Senate received the 
following message from the President of the United 
States: 
Transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to 
the issuance of an Executive Order with respect to 
Iran that takes additional steps with respect to the 
national emergency declared in Executive Order 
12957 of March 15, 1995; which was referred to the 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
(PM–58)                                                                  Pages S5730–31 
Meyers Nomination–Agreement: Senate resumed 
consideration of the nomination of Edward Hulvey 
Meyers, of Maryland, to be a Judge of the United 
States Court of Federal Claims.                   Pages S5722–30 
During consideration of this nomination today, 
Senate also took the following action: 
By 65 yeas to 25 nays (Vote No. EX. 184), Senate 
agreed to the motion to close further debate on the 
nomination.                                                           Pages S5728–29 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding that notwithstanding the provisions of Rule 
XXII, the post-cloture time on the nomination of 
Edward Hulvey Meyers expire at 11:30 a.m., on 
Tuesday, September 22, 2020, and Senate vote on 
confirmation of the nomination; that if cloture is in-
voked on the nomination of Andrea R. Lucas, of Vir-
ginia, to be a Member of the Equal Employment 
Opportunity Commission, the post-cloture time ex-
pire at 2:15 p.m., on Tuesday, September 22, 2020, 
and Senate vote on confirmation of the nomination; 
and that following disposition of the nomination of 
Andrea R. Lucas, Senate vote on the motion to in-
voke cloture on the nomination of Keith E. 
Sonderling, of Florida, to be a Member of the Equal 
Employment Opportunity Commission.        Page S5730 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding for further consideration of the nomination, 
post-cloture, at 10 a.m., on Tuesday, September 22, 
2020.                                                                                Page S5732 
Messages from the House:                                Page S5731 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:               Page S5721 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S5731 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages S5731–32 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
Additional Statements: 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. 
(Total—184)                                                                 Page S5729 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-
journed at 6:49 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, Sep-
tember 22, 2020. (For Senate’s program, see the re-
marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on 
page S5732.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
09:43 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D21SE0.REC
D21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 112-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
D820 
September 21, 2020 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 14 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 8319–8332; and 6 resolutions, H. 
Res. 1128, 1130–1134, were introduced. 
                                                                                    Pages H4640–41 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H4642 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
H.R. 2271, to amend the Public Health Service 
Act to improve the health of children and help bet-
ter understand and enhance awareness about unex-
pected sudden death in early life, with an amend-
ment (H. Rept. 116–524); 
H.R. 5309, to prohibit discrimination based on an 
individual’s texture or style of hair, with an amend-
ment (H. Rept. 116–525, Part 1); 
H.R. 5602. A bill to authorize dedicated domestic 
terrorism offices within the Department of Home-
land Security, the Department of Justice, and the 
Federal Bureau of Investigation to analyze and mon-
itor domestic terrorist activity and require the Fed-
eral Government to take steps to prevent domestic 
terrorism, with an amendment (H. Rept. 116–526, 
Part 1); 
H.R. 4996. A bill to amend title XIX of the So-
cial Security Act to provide for a State option under 
the Medicaid program to provide for and extend 
continuous coverage for certain individuals, and for 
other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 
116–527); and 
H. Res. 528, providing for consideration of the 
bill (H.R. 4447) to establish an energy storage and 
microgrid grant and technical assistance program; 
providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6270) 
to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to re-
quire issuers to make certain disclosures relating to 
the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region, and for 
other purposes; and providing for consideration of 
the bill (H.R. 8319) making continuing appropria-
tions for fiscal year 2021, and for other purposes (H. 
Rept. 116–528).                                                         Page H4640 
Expressing the condolences of the House of Rep-
resentatives on the death of the Honorable Ruth 
Bader Ginsburg, Associate Justice of the Supreme 
Court of the United States: The House agreed to H. 
Res. 1128, expressing the condolences of the House 
of Representatives on the death of the Honorable 
Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Associate Justice of the Su-
preme Court of the United States.                    Page H4549 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules 
and pass the following measures: 
Practical Reforms and Other Goals To Reinforce 
the Effectiveness of Self-Governance and Self-De-
termination for Indian Tribes Act: S. 209, to 
amend the Indian Self-Determination and Education 
Assistance Act to provide further self-governance by 
Indian Tribes;                                                      Pages H4549–57 
Blackwater Trading Post Land Transfer Act: 
H.R. 3160, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to 
take certain land located in Pinal County, Arizona, 
into trust for the benefit of the Gila River Indian 
Community;                                                          Pages H4557–58 
Republic of Texas Legation Memorial Act: H.R. 
3349, amended, to authorize the Daughters of the 
Republic of Texas to establish the Republic of Texas 
Legation Memorial as a commemorative work in the 
District of Columbia;                                       Pages H4558–59 
Fallen Journalists Memorial Act: H.R. 3465, 
amended, to authorize the Fallen Journalists Memo-
rial Foundation to establish a commemorative work 
in the District of Columbia and its environs; 
                                                                                    Pages H4559–60 
Native American Child Protection Act: H.R. 
4957, amended, to amend the Indian Child Protec-
tion and Family Violence Prevention Act; 
                                                                                    Pages H4560–62 
Native American Business Incubators Program 
Act: S. 294, to establish a business incubators pro-
gram within the Department of the Interior to pro-
mote economic development in Indian reservation 
communities;                                                        Pages H4562–65 
Nullifying the Supplemental Treaty Between 
the United States of America and the Confederated 
Tribes and Bands of Indians of Middle Oregon, 
concluded on November 15, 1865: S. 832, to nullify 
the Supplemental Treaty Between the United States 
of America and the Confederated Tribes and Bands 
of Indians of Middle Oregon, concluded on Novem-
ber 15, 1865;                                                       Pages H4565–66 
Springfield Race Riot Study Act: H.R. 139, 
amended, to establish the Springfield Race Riot Na-
tional Historic Monument in the State of Illinois; 
                                                                                    Pages H4566–67 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To di-
rect the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special 
resource study of the site associated with the 1908 
Springfield Race Riot in the State of Illinois.’’; 
                                                                                            Page H4567 
Free Veterans from Fees Act: H.R. 1702, amend-
ed, to waive the application fee for any special use 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
09:43 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D21SE0.REC
D21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 113-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
D821 
September 21, 2020 
permit for veterans demonstrations and special events 
at war memorials on Federal land;            Pages H4567–68 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘Waive 
the application fee for any special use permit for vet-
erans’ special events at war memorials on land ad-
ministered by the National Park Service in the Dis-
trict of Columbia and its environs, and for other 
purposes.’’;                                                                     Page H4568 
B–47 Ridge Designation Act: S. 490, to des-
ignate a mountain ridge in the State of Montana as 
‘‘B–47 Ridge’’;                                                            Page H4568 
Tribal School Federal Insurance Parity Act: 
H.R. 895, to allow tribal grant schools to participate 
in the Federal Employee Health Benefits program; 
                                                                                    Pages H4568–70 
Justice for Juveniles Act: H.R. 5053, to exempt 
juveniles from the requirements for suits by pris-
oners;                                                                        Pages H4570–71 
Competitive Health Insurance Reform Act: H.R. 
1418, amended, to restore the application of the 
Federal antitrust laws to the business of health insur-
ance to protect competition and consumers; 
                                                                                    Pages H4571–73 
Savanna’s Act: S. 227, to direct the Attorney 
General to review, revise, and develop law enforce-
ment and justice protocols appropriate to address 
missing and murdered Indians;                  Pages H4573–76 
Effective Assistance of Counsel in the Digital 
Era Act: H.R. 5546, to regulate monitoring of elec-
tronic communications between an incarcerated per-
son in a Bureau of Prisons facility and that person’s 
attorney or other legal representative;     Pages H4576–79 
Not Invisible Act: S. 982, to increase intergovern-
mental coordination to identify and combat violent 
crime within Indian lands and of Indians; 
                                                                                    Pages H4579–81 
Defending the Integrity of Voting Systems Act: 
S. 1321, to amend title 18, United States Code, to 
prohibit interference with voting systems under the 
Computer Fraud and Abuse Act;               Pages H4581–82 
Due Process Protections Act: S. 1380, to amend 
the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure to remind 
prosecutors of their obligations under Supreme Court 
case law;                                                                  Pages H4582–83 
Domestic Terrorism Prevention Act of 2020: 
H.R. 5602, amended, to authorize dedicated domes-
tic terrorism offices within the Department of 
Homeland Security, the Department of Justice, and 
the Federal Bureau of Investigation to analyze and 
monitor domestic terrorist activity and require the 
Federal Government to take steps to prevent domes-
tic terrorism;                                                        Pages H4583–89 
Strengthening the Opposition to Female Genital 
Mutilation Act of 2020: H.R. 6100, amended, to 
amend title 18, United States Code, to clarify the 
criminalization of female genital mutilation; 
                                                                                    Pages H4589–92 
Creating a Respectful and Open World for Nat-
ural Hair Act: H.R. 5309, amended, to prohibit 
discrimination based on an individual’s texture or 
style of hair;                                                          Pages H4592–97 
Ensuring Diversity in Community Banking 
Act: H.R. 5322, amended, to establish or modify re-
quirements relating to minority depository institu-
tions, community development financial institutions, 
and impact banks;                                       Pages H4597–H4602 
Amending the CARES Act to require the uni-
form treatment of nationally recognized statistical 
rating organizations under certain programs car-
ried out in response to the COVID–19 emergency: 
H.R. 6934, to amend the CARES Act to require the 
uniform treatment of nationally recognized statistical 
rating organizations under certain programs carried 
out in response to the COVID–19 emergency; 
                                                                                    Pages H4602–03 
Stopping Trafficking, Illicit Flows, Laundering, 
and Exploitation Act of 2020: H.R. 7592, to re-
quire the Comptroller General of the United States 
to carry out a study on trafficking;          Pages H4603–05 
COVID–19 Fraud Prevention Act: H.R. 6735, 
amended, to establish the Consumer and Investor 
Fraud Working Group to help protect consumers 
and investors from fraud during the COVID–19 
pandemic, to assist consumers and investors affected 
by such fraud;                                                      Pages H4605–06 
Promoting Secure 5G Act of 2020: H.R. 5698, 
to direct the Secretary of the Treasury to instruct the 
United States Executive Directors at the inter-
national financial institutions on United States pol-
icy regarding international financial institution as-
sistance with respect to advanced wireless tech-
nologies;                                                                  Pages H4606–07 
Improving Emergency Disease Response via 
Housing Act of 2020: H.R. 6294, amended, to re-
quire data sharing regarding protecting the homeless 
from coronavirus;                                               Pages H4607–08 
National Suicide Hotline Designation Act: S. 
2661, to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to 
designate 9–8–8 as the universal telephone number 
for the purpose of the national suicide prevention 
and mental health crisis hotline system operating 
through the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline and 
through the Veterans Crisis Line;              Pages H4608–11 
Directing the Federal Communications Commis-
sion to issue reports after activation of the Disaster 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
09:43 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D21SE0.REC
D21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 114-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
D822 
September 21, 2020 
Information Reporting System and to make im-
provements to network outage reporting: H.R. 
5918, amended, to direct the Federal Communica-
tions Commission to issue reports after activation of 
the Disaster Information Reporting System and to 
make improvements to network outage reporting; 
                                                                                    Pages H4611–13 
Measuring the Economics Driving Investments 
and Access for Diversity Act of 2020: H.R. 5567, 
to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to re-
quire the Federal Communications Commission to 
consider market entry barriers for socially disadvan-
taged individuals in the communications market-
place report under section 13 of such Act; 
                                                                                    Pages H4613–14 
National Centers of Excellence in Continuous 
Pharmaceutical Manufacturing Act: H.R. 4866, 
amended, to amend the 21st Century Cures Act to 
provide for designation of institutions of higher edu-
cation that provide research, data, and leadership on 
continuous manufacturing as National Centers of Ex-
cellence in Continuous Pharmaceutical Manufac-
turing;                                                                      Pages H4616–18 
Strengthening America’s Strategic National 
Stockpile Act of 2020: H.R. 7574, amended, to 
amend the Public Health Service Act with respect to 
the Strategic National Stockpile;               Pages H4618–20 
Scarlett’s Sunshine on Sudden Unexpected 
Death Act: H.R. 2271, amended, to amend the 
Public Health Service Act to improve the health of 
children and help better understand and enhance 
awareness about unexpected sudden death in early 
life;                                                                            Pages H4620–23 
Maternal Health Quality Improvement Act: 
H.R. 4995, amended, to amend the Public Health 
Service Act to improve obstetric care and maternal 
health outcomes;                                                 Pages H4623–26 
Protecting Patients Transportation to Care Act: 
H.R. 3935, amended, to amend title XIX of the So-
cial Security Act to provide for the continuing re-
quirement of Medicaid coverage of nonemergency 
transportation to medically necessary services; 
                                                                                    Pages H4626–27 
Helping Emergency Responders Overcome Act: 
H.R. 1646, amended, to require the Secretary of 
Health and Human Services to improve the detec-
tion, prevention, and treatment of mental health 
issues among public safety officers;          Pages H4627–30 
Suicide Prevention Lifeline Improvement Act: 
H.R. 4564, amended, to amend the Public Health 
Service Act to ensure the provision of high-quality 
service through the Suicide Prevention Lifeline; 
                                                                                    Pages H4630–31 
Campaign to Prevent Suicide Act: H.R. 4585, 
amended, to require the Director of the Centers for 
Disease Control and Prevention to conduct a national 
suicide prevention media campaign;        Pages H4631–33 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To re-
quire the Secretary of Health and Human Services to 
conduct a national suicide prevention media cam-
paign, and for other purposes.’’;                         Page H4633 
Suicide Prevention Act: H.R. 5619, amended, to 
authorize a pilot program to expand and intensify 
surveillance of self-harm in partnership with State 
and local public health departments, to establish a 
grant program to provide self-harm and suicide pre-
vention services in hospital emergency departments; 
and                                                                             Pages H4633–35 
Safeguarding Therapeutics Act: H.R. 5663, 
amended, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and 
Cosmetic Act to give authority to the Secretary of 
Health and Human Services, acting through the 
Commissioner of Food and Drugs, to destroy coun-
terfeit devices.                                                      Pages H4635–36 
Presidential Message: Read a message from the 
President wherein he notified Congress of the execu-
tive order blocking property of certain persons with 
respect to conventional arms activities of Iran—re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the 
Committee on the Judiciary and ordered to be print-
ed (H. Doc. 116–154).                                   Pages H4636–37 
Suspension—Proceedings Postponed: The House 
debated the following measure under suspension of 
the rules. Further proceedings were postponed. 
Don’t Break Up the T-Band Act: H.R. 451, 
amended, to repeal the section of the Middle Class 
Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012 that re-
quires the Federal Communications Commission to 
reallocate and auction the T-Band spectrum. 
                                                                                    Pages H4614–16 
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no Yea and Nay 
votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were 
no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-
journed at 7:02 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
CONTINUING APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2021 
AND OTHER EXTENSIONS ACT; 
EXPANDING ACCESS TO SUSTAINABLE 
ENERGY ACT OF 2019; UYGHUR FORCED 
LABOR PREVENTION ACT; UYGHUR 
FORCED LABOR DISCLOSURE ACT OF 2020 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on 
H.R. 8019, the ‘‘Continuing Appropriations Act, 
2021 and Other Extensions Act’’; H.R. 4447, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
09:43 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00004
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D21SE0.REC
D21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 115-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
D823 
September 21, 2020 
‘‘Expanding Access to Sustainable Energy Act of 
2019’’ [Clean Economy Jobs and Innovation Act]; 
H.R. 6210, the ‘‘Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention 
Act’’; and H.R. 6270, the ‘‘Uyghur Forced Labor 
Disclosure Act of 2020’’. The Committee granted, 
by record vote of 7–3, a rule providing for consider-
ation of H.R. 4447, the ‘‘Expanding Access to Sus-
tainable Energy Act of 2019’’ [Clean Economy Jobs 
and Innovation Act], H.R. 6270, the ‘‘Uyghur 
Forced Labor Disclosure Act of 2020’’, and H.R. 
8019, the ‘‘Continuing Appropriations Act, 2021 
and Other Extensions Act’’. The rule provides for 
consideration of H.R. 4447, the ‘‘Clean Economy 
Jobs and Innovation Act’’, under a structured rule. 
The rule provides 90 minutes of general debate 
equally divided among and controlled by the chair 
and ranking minority member of the Committee on 
Energy and Commerce and the chair and ranking 
minority member of the Committee on Science, 
Space, and Technology. The rule waives all points of 
order against consideration of the bill. The rule pro-
vides that an amendment in the nature of a sub-
stitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee 
Print 116–63, modified by the amendment printed 
in Part A of the Rules Committee report, shall be 
considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall 
be considered as read. The rule waives all points of 
order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The 
rule provides that following debate, each further 
amendment printed in part B of the Rules Com-
mittee report not earlier considered as part of 
amendments en bloc pursuant to section 3 shall be 
considered only in the order printed in the report, 
may be offered only by a Member designated in the 
report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable 
for the time specified in the report equally divided 
and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, 
may be withdrawn by the proponent at any time be-
fore the question is put thereon, shall not be subject 
to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand 
for division of the question. Section 3 of the rule 
provides that at any time after debate the chair of 
the Committee on Energy and Commerce or his des-
ignee may offer amendments en bloc consisting of 
further amendments printed in part B of the Rules 
Committee report not earlier disposed of. Amend-
ments en bloc shall be considered as read, shall be 
debatable for 20 minutes equally divided and con-
trolled by the chair and ranking minority member 
of the Committee on Energy and Commerce or their 
designees, shall not be subject to amendment, and 
shall not be subject to a demand for division of the 
question. The rule waives all points of order against 
the amendments printed in part B of the Rules 
Committee report and amendments en bloc de-
scribed in section 3. The rule provides one motion 
to recommit with or without instructions. The rule 
provides for consideration of H.R. 6270, the 
‘‘Uyghur Forced Labor Disclosure Act of 2020’’, 
under a closed rule. The rule provides one hour of 
general debate equally divided and controlled by the 
chair and ranking minority member of the Com-
mittee on Financial Services. The rule waives all 
points of order against consideration of the bill. The 
rule provides that an amendment in the nature of a 
substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee 
Print 116–64 shall be considered as adopted and the 
bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The 
rule waives all points of order against provisions in 
the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion 
to recommit with or without instructions. The rule 
provides for consideration of H.R. 8319, the ‘‘Con-
tinuing Appropriations Act, 2021 and Other Exten-
sions Act’’, under a closed rule. The rule provides 
one hour of general debate equally divided and con-
trolled by the chair and ranking minority member 
of the Committee on Appropriations. The rule 
waives all points of order against consideration of the 
bill and provides that the bill shall not be subject 
to a question of consideration. The rule provides that 
the bill shall be considered as read. The rule waives 
all points of order against provisions in the bill and 
provides that clause 2(e) of Rule XXI shall not apply 
during consideration of the bill. The rule provides 
one motion to recommit. Testimony was heard from 
Chairman Pallone, Chairman Johnson of Texas, 
Chairman Grijalva, and Representatives Shimkus, 
Weber of Texas, Graves of Louisiana, Bera, Smith of 
New Jersey, Wexton, Timmons, Suozzi, Visclosky, 
Cole, Gonza´lez-Colo´n of Puerto Rico, Grothman, and 
Conaway. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, 
SEPTEMBER 22, 2020 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-
committee on Security, to hold hearings to examine the 
United States Coast Guard capabilities for safeguarding 
national interests and promoting economic security in the 
Arctic, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold hear-
ings to examine emerging offshore and marine energy 
technologies in the United States, including offshore 
wind, marine and hydrokinetic energy, and alternative 
fuels for maritime shipping, 10 a.m., SD–366. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
09:43 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00005
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D21SE0.REC
D21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 116-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
D824 
September 21, 2020 
Committee on Foreign Relations: business meeting to con-
sider the nominations of Erik Paul Bethel, of Florida, to 
be Ambassador to the Republic of Panama, Keith W. 
Dayton, of Washington, to be Ambassador to Ukraine, 
William A. Douglass, of Florida, to be Ambassador to 
the Commonwealth of The Bahamas, Julie D. Fisher, of 
Tennessee, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Belarus, 
Melanie Harris Higgins, of Georgia, to be Ambassador to 
the Republic of Burundi, Jeanne Marie Maloney, of Vir-
ginia, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of Eswatini, 
Michael A. McCarthy, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to 
the Republic of Liberia, Jonathan Pratt, of California, to 
be Ambassador to the Republic of Djibouti, Manisha 
Singh, of Florida, to be Representative of the United 
States of America to the Organization for Economic Co-
operation and Development, with the rank of Ambas-
sador, James Broward Story, of South Carolina, to be Am-
bassador to the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela, Barbera 
Hale Thornhill, of California, to be Ambassador to the 
Republic of Singapore, Thomas Laszlo Vajda, of Arizona, 
to be Ambassador to the Union of Burma, Kenneth R. 
Weinstein, of the District of Columbia, to be Ambassador 
to Japan, and Alex Nelson Wong, of New Jersey, to be 
Alternate Representative of the United States of America 
for Special Political Affairs in the United Nations, with 
the rank of Ambassador, and to be an Alternate Rep-
resentative of the United States of America to the Ses-
sions of the General Assembly of the United Nations dur-
ing his tenure of service as Alternate Representative of 
the United States of America for Special Political Affairs 
in the United Nations, all of the Department of State, 
Edward A. Burrier, of the District of Columbia, to be 
Deputy Chief Executive Officer of the United States 
International Development Finance Corporation, and 
other pending calendar business; to be immediately fol-
lowed by a hearing to examine the nominations of Ashok 
Michael Pinto, of Illinois, to be United States Alternate 
Executive Director of the International Bank for Recon-
struction and Development, William E. Todd, of Vir-
ginia, to be Ambassador to the Islamic Republic of Paki-
stan, and Eric M. Ueland, of Oregon, to be an Under Sec-
retary (Civilian Security, Democracy, and Human Rights), 
both of the Department of State, and other pending 
nominations, 9:30 a.m., SD–106. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
Subcommittee on Federal Spending Oversight and Emer-
gency Management, to hold hearings to examine state 
and local cybersecurity, focusing on defending commu-
nities from cyber threats amid COVID–19, 3 p.m., 
SD–342. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold closed hearings to 
examine 
certain 
intelligence 
matters, 
2:30 
p.m., 
SVC–217. 
House 
Committee on Armed Services, Subcommittee on Tactical 
Air and Land Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘Modernization of 
the Conventional Ammunition Production Industrial 
Base’’, 1 p.m., 2118 Rayburn and Webex. 
Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Treasury Department’s and 
Federal Reserve’s Pandemic Response’’, 10:30 a.m., 2128 
Rayburn and Webex. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on Asia, the 
Pacific, and Nonproliferation, hearing entitled ‘‘Stem-
ming a Receding Tide: Human Rights and Democratic 
Values in Asia’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn and Webex. 
Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Diversity and Diplomacy: Assessing the State 
Department’s Record in Promoting Diversity and Inclu-
sion’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn and Webex. 
Committee on the Judiciary, Subcommittee on Courts, In-
tellectual Property, and the Internet, hearing entitled 
‘‘Maintaining Judicial Independence and the Rule of Law: 
Examining the Causes and Consequences of Court Cap-
ture’’, 2 p.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Energy 
and Mineral Resources, hearing entitled ‘‘Trump Admin-
istration Broken Promises on Renewable Energy’’, 12 
p.m., Webex. 
Committee on Oversight and Reform, Subcommittee on Na-
tional Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Trump 
Administration’s Afghanistan Strategy, Part 2’’, 11 a.m., 
2154 Rayburn and Webex. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Economic Committee: to hold hearings to examine 
the economic impact of America’s failure to contain the 
Coronavirus, 2:30 p.m., REMOTE. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD 
Week of September 22 through September 25, 
2020 
Senate Chamber 
On Tuesday, Senate will continue consideration of 
the nomination of Edward Hulvey Meyers, of Mary-
land, to be a Judge of the United States Court of 
Federal Claims, post-cloture, with a vote on con-
firmation thereon at 11:30 a.m., to be followed by 
a vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomi-
nation of Andrea R. Lucas, of Virginia, to be a 
Member of the Equal Employment Opportunity 
Commission. 
At 2:15 p.m., if cloture is invoked, Senate will 
vote on confirmation of the nomination of Andrea R. 
Lucas, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Equal Em-
ployment Opportunity Commission, to be followed 
by a vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the 
nomination of Keith E. Sonderling, of Florida, to be 
a Member of the Equal Employment Opportunity 
Commission. 
During the balance of the week, Senate may con-
sider any cleared legislative and executive business. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
09:43 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00006
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D21SE0.REC
D21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 117-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
D825 
September 21, 2020 
Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Appropriations: September 23, Sub-
committee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related 
Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget 
estimates and justification for fiscal year 2021 for the Na-
tional Aeronautics and Space Administration, 2 p.m., 
SR–325. 
Committee on Armed Services: September 23, to receive a 
closed briefing on Department of Defense cyber oper-
ations in support of efforts to protect the integrity of U.S. 
national elections from malign actors, 2:30 p.m., 
SVC–217. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Sep-
tember 24, to hold hearings to examine the quarterly 
CARES Act report to Congress, 10 a.m., SD–106. 
Committee on the Budget: September 23, to hold hearings 
to examine the Congressional Budget Office’s updated 
budget outlook, 2:30 p.m., SD–608. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sep-
tember 22, Subcommittee on Security, to hold hearings 
to examine the United States Coast Guard capabilities for 
safeguarding national interests and promoting economic 
security in the Arctic, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. 
September 23, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-
amine the need for federal data privacy legislation, 10 
a.m., SR–253. 
September 24, Subcommittee on Communications, 
Technology, Innovation, and the Internet, to hold hear-
ings to examine an evaluation of FirstNet’s progress, 10 
a.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: September 
22, to hold hearings to examine emerging offshore and 
marine energy technologies in the United States, includ-
ing offshore wind, marine and hydrokinetic energy, and 
alternative fuels for maritime shipping, 10 a.m., SD–366. 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: September 
23, to hold hearings to examine the Endangered Species 
Act Amendments of 2020, focusing on modernizing the 
Endangered Species Act, 10 a.m., SD–106. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: September 22, business 
meeting to consider the nominations of Erik Paul Bethel, 
of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Panama, 
Keith W. Dayton, of Washington, to be Ambassador to 
Ukraine, William A. Douglass, of Florida, to be Ambas-
sador to the Commonwealth of The Bahamas, Julie D. 
Fisher, of Tennessee, to be Ambassador to the Republic 
of Belarus, Melanie Harris Higgins, of Georgia, to be 
Ambassador to the Republic of Burundi, Jeanne Marie 
Maloney, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom 
of Eswatini, Michael A. McCarthy, of Virginia, to be 
Ambassador to the Republic of Liberia, Jonathan Pratt, of 
California, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Djibouti, 
Manisha Singh, of Florida, to be Representative of the 
United States of America to the Organization for Eco-
nomic Cooperation and Development, with the rank of 
Ambassador, James Broward Story, of South Carolina, to 
be Ambassador to the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela, 
Barbera Hale Thornhill, of California, to be Ambassador 
to the Republic of Singapore, Thomas Laszlo Vajda, of 
Arizona, to be Ambassador to the Union of Burma, Ken-
neth R. Weinstein, of the District of Columbia, to be 
Ambassador to Japan, and Alex Nelson Wong, of New 
Jersey, to be Alternate Representative of the United 
States of America for Special Political Affairs in the 
United Nations, with the rank of Ambassador, and to be 
an Alternate Representative of the United States of Amer-
ica to the Sessions of the General Assembly of the United 
Nations during his tenure of service as Alternate Rep-
resentative of the United States of America for Special 
Political Affairs in the United Nations, all of the Depart-
ment of State, Edward A. Burrier, of the District of Co-
lumbia, to be Deputy Chief Executive Officer of the 
United States International Development Finance Cor-
poration, and other pending calendar business; to be im-
mediately followed by a hearing to examine the nomina-
tions of Ashok Michael Pinto, of Illinois, to be United 
States Alternate Executive Director of the International 
Bank for Reconstruction and Development, William E. 
Todd, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Islamic Re-
public of Pakistan, and Eric M. Ueland, of Oregon, to be 
an Under Secretary (Civilian Security, Democracy, and 
Human Rights), both of the Department of State, and 
other pending nominations, 9:30 a.m., SD–106. 
September 24, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-
amine United States policy in a changing Middle East, 
9 a.m., SD–G50. 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Sep-
tember 23, to hold hearings to examine COVID–19, fo-
cusing on an update on the federal response, 10 a.m., 
SD–G50. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
September 22, Subcommittee on Federal Spending Over-
sight and Emergency Management, to hold hearings to 
examine state and local cybersecurity, focusing on defend-
ing communities from cyber threats amid COVID–19, 3 
p.m., SD–342. 
September 23, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-
amine the nomination of Chad F. Wolf, of Virginia, to 
be Secretary of Homeland Security, 10 a.m., SD–342. 
September 24, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-
amine threats to the homeland, 10 a.m., SD–342. 
Committee on Indian Affairs: September 23, to hold hear-
ings to examine S. 3126, to amend the Public Health 
Service Act to authorize a special behavioral health pro-
gram for Indians, S. 3264, to expedite and streamline the 
deployment of affordable broadband service on Tribal 
land, S. 3937, to amend section 330C of the Public 
Health Service Act to reauthorize special programs for In-
dians for providing services for the prevention and treat-
ment of diabetes, S. 4079, to authorize the Seminole 
Tribe of Florida to lease or transfer certain land, and S. 
4556, to authorize the Secretary of Health and Human 
Services, acting through the Director of the Indian 
Health Service, to acquire private land to facilitate access 
to the Desert Sage Youth Wellness Center in Hemet, 
California, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. 
Committee on the Judiciary: September 23, to hold hear-
ings to examine certain nominations, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
September 24, Full Committee, business meeting to 
consider S. 4632, to amend title 17, United States Code, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
09:43 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00007
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D21SE0.REC
D21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 118-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
D826 
September 21, 2020 
to establish an alternative dispute resolution program for 
copyright small claims, to amend the Communications 
Act of 1934 to modify the scope of protection from civil 
liability for ‘‘good Samaritan’’ blocking and screening of 
offensive material, and the nominations of Benjamin Joel 
Beaton, to be United States District Judge for the West-
ern District of Kentucky, Kristi Haskins Johnson, and 
Taylor B. McNeel, both to be a United States District 
Judge for the Southern District of Mississippi, Kathryn 
Kimball Mizelle, to be United States District Judge for 
the Middle District of Florida, and Thompson Michael 
Dietz, of New Jersey, to be a Judge of the United States 
Court of Federal Claims, 10 a.m., SR–325. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: September 23, business 
meeting to consider S. 4393, to improve the provision of 
health care and other benefits from the Department of 
Veterans Affairs for veterans who were exposed to toxic 
substances, and S. 4511, to make certain improvements 
in the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Af-
fairs relating to education, burial benefits, and other mat-
ters, Time to be announced, Room to be announced. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: September 22, to hold 
closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 
2:30 p.m., SVC–217. 
September 23, Full Committee, to hold closed hearings 
to examine certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
September 24, Full Committee, to hold closed hearings 
to examine certain intelligence matters, 9:30 a.m., 
SVC–217. 
Special Committee on Aging: September 24, to hold hear-
ings to examine women and retirement, focusing on 
unique challenges and opportunities to pave a brighter 
future, 9:30 a.m., SD–562. 
House Committees 
Committee on Agriculture, September 24, Subcommittee 
on Conservation and Forestry, hearing entitled ‘‘The 2020 
Wildfire Year: Response and Recovery Efforts’’, 1 p.m., 
1300 Longworth and Webex. 
Committee on Armed Services, September 23, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Role of Allies and Partners 
in U.S. Military Strategy and Operations’’, 12 p.m., CVC 
and Webex. 
Committee on Education and Labor, September 24, Full 
Committee, markup on H.R. 8294, the ‘‘National Ap-
prenticeship Act of 2020’’, 10:15 a.m., 2175 Rayburn 
and Webex. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, September 23, Sub-
committee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Health Care Life-
line: The Affordable Care Act and the COVID–19 Pan-
demic’’, 10 a.m., Webex. 
September 24, Subcommittee on Consumer Protection 
and Commerce, hearing entitled ‘‘Mainstreaming Extre-
mism: Social Media’s Role in Radicalizing America’’, 11 
a.m., Webex. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, September 23, Sub-
committee on Europe, Eurasia, Energy, and the Environ-
ment, hearing entitled ‘‘Green Recovery Plans for the 
COVID–19 Crisis’’, 10 a.m., Webex. 
September 24, Full Committee, hearing entitled 
‘‘Oversight of the United States Agency for Global Media 
and U.S. International Broadcasting Efforts’’, 10 a.m., 
2172 Rayburn and Webex. 
Committee on the Judiciary, September 23, Subcommittee 
on Immigration and Citizenship, hearing entitled ‘‘Immi-
grants as Essential Workers During COVID–19’’, 2 p.m., 
2141 Rayburn and Webex. 
September 24, Subcommittee on the Constitution, 
Civil Rights, and Civil Liberties, hearing entitled ‘‘Over-
sight of the Civil Rights Division of the Department of 
Justice’’, 9:30 a.m., 2141 Rayburn and Webex. 
September 24, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Di-
versity in America: The Representation of People of Color 
in the Media’’, 2:30 p.m., 2141 Rayburn and Webex. 
Committee on Natural Resources, September 24, Sub-
committee on Water, Oceans, and Wildlife, hearing enti-
tled ‘‘Federal and State Efforts to Restore the Salton Sea’’, 
12 p.m., Webex. 
September 24, Subcommittee for Indigenous Peoples of 
the United States, hearing on H.R. 7565, to authorize 
the Seminole Tribe of Florida to lease or transfer certain 
land, and for other purposes; and H.R. 8255, to clarify 
the status of gaming conducted by the Catawba Indian 
Nation, and for other purposes, 2 p.m., Webex. 
September 25, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Puer-
to Rico’s Options for a Non-Territory Status and What 
Should Happen After November’s Plebiscite’’, 12 p.m., 
Webex. 
Committee on Oversight and Reform, September 23, Select 
Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Crisis, hearing entitled 
‘‘Hybrid Hearing with Federal Reserve Chair Jerome H. 
Powell’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn and Webex. 
September 24, Subcommittee on Environment Hybrid, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Climate Change, Part IV: Moving To-
wards a Sustainable Future’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn and 
Webex. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, September 23, 
Subcommittee on Investigation and Oversight, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Data for Decision-Making: Responsible Manage-
ment of Data during COVID–19 and Beyond’’, 11 a.m., 
Webex. 
Committee on Small Business, September 24, Sub-
committee on Innovation and Workforce Development, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Paycheck Protection Program: An Ex-
amination of Loan Forgiveness, SBA Legacy Systems, and 
Inaccurate Data’’, 2360 Rayburn and Webex. 
September 25, Subcommittee on Economic Growth, 
Tax, and Capital Access, hearing entitled ‘‘A Review of 
PPP Forgiveness’’, 9:30 a.m., 2360 Rayburn and Webex. 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, September 
23, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Driving Equity: 
The U.S. Department of Transportation’s Disadvantaged 
Business Enterprise Program’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn 
and Webex. 
September 24, Subcommittee on Water Resources and 
Environment, hearing entitled ‘‘The Comprehensive Ever-
glades Restoration Plan and Water Management in Flor-
ida’’, 11 a.m., 2167 Rayburn and Webex. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, September 23, Sub-
committee on Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Toxic Exposures: Examining Airborne 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
09:43 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00008
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D21SE0.REC
D21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 119-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
D827 
September 21, 2020 
Hazards in the Southwest Asia Theater of Military Oper-
ations’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210 and Webex. 
Committee on Ways and Means, September 24, Sub-
committee on Social Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Save Our 
Social Security Now’’, 1 p.m., Webex. 
September 25, Subcommittee on Select Revenue Meas-
ures, hearing entitled ‘‘Restaurants in America During 
the COVID–19 Pandemic’’, 9 a.m., Webex. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Economic Committee: September 22, to hold hear-
ings to examine the economic impact of America’s failure 
to contain the Coronavirus, 2:30 p.m., REMOTE. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
09:43 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00009
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D21SE0.REC
D21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 120-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional Record
The Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each House
of Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, United
States Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶ Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶ To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO
63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶ Following
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶ With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record.
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.
U
N
U
M
E
P
LU
RI
B
U
S
D828 
September 21, 2020 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
10 a.m., Tuesday, September 22 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consider-
ation of the nomination of Edward Hulvey Meyers, of 
Maryland, to be a Judge of the United States Court of 
Federal Claims, post-cloture, with a vote on confirmation 
thereon at 11:30 a.m., to be followed by a vote on the 
motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Andrea R. 
Lucas, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Equal Employ-
ment Opportunity Commission. 
At 2:15 p.m., if cloture is invoked, Senate will vote 
on confirmation of the nomination of Andrea R. Lucas, 
of Virginia, to be a Member of the Equal Employment 
Opportunity Commission, to be followed by a vote on 
the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Keith 
E. Sonderling, of Florida, to be a Member of the Equal 
Employment Opportunity Commission. 
(Senate will recess following the vote on the motion to invoke 
cloture on the nomination of Andrea R. Lucas, until 2:15 p.m. 
for their respective party conferences.) 
Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
9 a.m., Tuesday, September 22 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of measures under 
suspension of the Rules. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Arrington, Jodey C., Tex., E864 
Cleaver, Emanuel, Mo., E864 
Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E864 
Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E863 
Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E865 
Murphy, Stephanie M., Fla., E863 
Sablan, Gregorio Kilili Camacho, Northern Mariana 
Islands, E863 
Scalise, Steve, La., E864 
Shimkus, John, Ill., E863 
Smith, Adam, Wash., E864 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
09:43 Sep 22, 2020
Jkt 099060
PO 00000
Frm 00010
Fmt 0664
Sfmt 0664
E:\CR\FM\D21SE0.REC
D21SEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 121-
