Congressional Record
U
N
U
M
E
P
LU
RI
B
U
S
United States
of America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 117th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
b This symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b 1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.
H5413 
Vol. 168 
WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JUNE 9, 2022 
No. 99 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-
pore (Mr. TAKANO). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-
nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON, DC., 
June 9, 2022. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable MARK 
TAKANO to act as Speaker pro tempore on 
this day. 
NANCY PELOSI, 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Margaret 
Grun Kibben, offered the following 
prayer: 
Holy God, we humble ourselves and 
pray to You, yielding our wills to 
Yours, and giving ourselves over to 
Your authority. We pray that You 
would be merciful in Your discipline. 
Search our hearts and melt all hard-
ness that You find therein. Liberate us 
from the bonds of hostility that pre-
vent us from living lives of love and 
compassion. 
Inspire us also to humble ourselves 
and to unite in prayer as a nation. 
Search the soul of our society and 
speak into the pain and suffering. Hold 
us accountable to the countless ways 
we are inclined to stray from Your 
will. 
Then silence the voices within and 
among us which vie for power and 
strive to eliminate cooperation. Re-
mind us of Your desire for mutual and 
respectful dialogue and of our responsi-
bility to respect those with whom You 
have called us to serve. 
Call us not to listen for our own 
counsel but to heed Your own. Call us 
out when we hasten to judge the dif-
ferences of opinion, rather than work 
for the common good. And call us from 
our 
intransigence 
into 
Your 
tran-
scendent presence that we would expe-
rience Your grace and be transformed 
by Your spirit. 
May we serve the people—Your peo-
ple—with kindness and wisdom this 
day. 
In Your divine name we pray. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 11(a) of House Resolu-
tion 188, the Journal of the last day’s 
proceedings is approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentleman 
from 
Pennsylvania 
(Mr. 
JOYCE) come forward and lead the 
House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. JOYCE of Pennsylvania led the 
Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-
lic for which it stands, one nation under God, 
indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will entertain up to five requests 
for 1-minute speeches on each side of 
the aisle. 
f 
ASSAULT WEAPONS BAN 
(Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute.) 
Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to urge my colleagues to support 
reinstating the assault weapons ban. 
The AR–15 has become the weapon of 
choice for shooters looking to kill as 
many people as possible in as little 
time as possible. Researchers estimate 
that if we still had a Federal assault 
weapons ban we would see 70 percent 
fewer mass shooting deaths. 
The number of mass shootings has 
skyrocketed since the original assault 
weapons ban expired in 2004. These 
weapons have been used in the dead-
liest shootings in our history from 
Sandy Hook to Parkland to Uvalde. 
They are weapons of war that have no 
place in our community. 
This is the amount of damage which 
is done by one bullet fired by an AR–15 
as it enters the body. That is the bul-
let. That is the size of the damage. The 
bodies of kids in Uvalde were riddled so 
badly with wounds that their parents 
had to use DNA tests to identify their 
own children. One family identified 
their child by their shoes—their shoes. 
These weapons don’t just kill. They 
slaughter, and they decimate. They are 
designed for death and maximum de-
struction. They have no place in our 
schools or in our streets or anywhere in 
our communities. 
We know that the original assault 
weapons ban worked. We have to rein-
state it before more innocent lives are 
lost. 
f 
REMEMBERING WORLD WAR II 
VETERANS 
(Mr. JOYCE of Pennsylvania asked 
and was given permission to address 
the House for 1 minute and to revise 
and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. JOYCE of Pennsylvania. Madam 
Speaker, this week we mark the 78th 
anniversary of the D-day landing in 
northern France. 
Three years ago, I had the honor of 
visiting the Normandy coastline to see 
the Utah and Omaha beaches, to see 
the memorial where the 2nd Ranger 
Battalion made their heroic stand, and 
to see the graves of the men who did 
not come home and who are now buried 
in the French countryside. 
Those who fought in Normandy and 
across France on the road to victory in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:55 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A09JN7.000
H09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE
® 
Pdnted on recycled papfil 

 -Page 0-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5414 
June 9, 2022 
Europe came from all walks of life. 
Those individuals were bound by a 
common goal: to stand for freedom and 
to liberate the oppressed. They were 
part of our Nation’s Greatest Genera-
tion. And now as they grow older and 
move on to their eternal salvation, we 
must continue to remember their cour-
age and to remember their sacrifice. 
Their legacy of service and bravery is 
at the heart of what makes the United 
States the greatest nation on Earth. 
f 
GUN SAFETY LEGISLATION 
(Mr. AUCHINCLOSS asked and was 
given permission to address the House 
for 1 minute.) 
Mr. AUCHINCLOSS. Madam Speaker, 
I rise today in support of the common-
sense gun safety legislation my col-
leagues and I have introduced this 
week. The horrific shootings in Buffalo 
and Uvalde are a painful reminder that 
action to stop gun violence is long 
overdue and that Republicans’ decades 
of stonewalling is an intentional deci-
sion to allow Americans, including 
children, to continue to be slaughtered. 
In particular, the GOP and its gun 
policy puppet master, the NRA, is ob-
sessed with assault weapons. As a ma-
rine, I ate, trained, patrolled, and slept 
with an assault weapon for 4 years. 
These are weapons of war designed to 
kill humans. There is no constitutional 
defense for civilian ownership of as-
sault weapons even under the District 
of Columbia v. Heller interpretation of 
the Second Amendment, and there is 
certainly no rational explanation for 
why a mentally disturbed young man 
should be able to purchase a weapon of 
war along with high-capacity maga-
zines with no questions asked. 
The GOP needs to stand up to the 
NRA and its dangerous and juvenile ob-
session with assault weapons. Other-
wise, this slaughter will continue. 
f 
REMEMBERING JAMES ‘‘JIMMY’’ 
GUY BURKE, JR. 
(Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and 
was given permission to address the 
House for 1 minute and to revise and 
extend his remarks.) 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Madam 
Speaker, I rise today in memory of 
Jimmy Guy Burke, Jr., a loving father 
and husband, servant, leader, and vet-
eran from the great State of Georgia. 
Jimmy was born in Savannah in 1935 
and grew up in Tybee Island where he 
lived and served throughout his life. He 
was devoted to his family and commu-
nity and showed pride in being a true 
Irish Savannahian. 
His Irish heritage was very close to 
his heart, as shown by him serving as a 
member of the St. Patrick’s Day Com-
mittee for 65 years. He was even se-
lected to be the distinguished grand 
marshal of the St. Patrick’s Day pa-
rade in 1993. 
He served in many ways, such as 
being the founding member of the Irish 
Heritage Society, being elected to the 
Tybee Island City Council, and serving 
as the president of the Tybee Island 
Republicans. Jimmy also served his 
country in the United States Marine 
Corps Reserve for 8 years and the 117th 
Georgia Air National Guard for 3 years. 
He will continue to smile down on 
Savannah and Tybee Island through his 
family and his noble service to the 
Irish community. 
Jimmy will surely be missed by all 
who knew him. 
f 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE PELL 
GRANT PROGRAM 
(Mr. TAKANO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. TAKANO. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to celebrate the 50th anniversary 
of the Pell Grant Program. 
Fifty years ago, Congress amended 
the Higher Education Act by creating 
the 
Basic 
Educational 
Opportunity 
Grant to provide direct financial aid to 
low-income 
students 
so 
that 
they 
would have the same opportunities and 
the same access to higher education as 
others. 
Since then, the Pell Grant has been a 
cornerstone investment in the lives 
and futures of nearly 80 million stu-
dents across the country. 
In my district, more than $123 mil-
lion in Pell grants have been awarded 
to students just last year. Think of the 
difference that has made. 
As a former educator myself, I know 
that cost is one of the largest barriers 
to higher education, and here in Con-
gress I will continue to do everything 
in my power to support the Pell Grant 
Program and ensure it continues to 
break down that very barrier. 
f 
THE BUCK STOPS AT THE 
PRESIDENT’S DESK 
(Mr. KELLER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute.) 
Mr. KELLER. Madam Speaker, a sur-
vey by The Wall Street Journal found 
that 83 percent of Americans describe 
the state of the economy as poor or not 
so good. President Biden’s approval 
ratings are in free fall, and the Amer-
ican people are correct in holding him 
accountable for skyrocketing prices. 
Since 
entering 
office, 
President 
Biden’s policies of Big Government 
spending and attacks on American en-
ergy have weakened America’s econ-
omy and placed enormous burdens on 
working families. 
My Republican colleagues and I have 
called on President Biden to reverse 
course. The President should take im-
mediate steps to unleash American en-
ergy, stop the out-of-control spending, 
and focus on the real issues that are 
hitting Americans in their pocket-
books. 
President Biden is completely out of 
touch. What is worse, our children and 
grandchildren will be responsible for 
paying for his mess. President Biden 
must stop blaming others for his fail-
ures and start embracing the solutions 
that are in the best interests of the 
American people. 
f 
GUN SAFETY LEGISLATION 
(Mr. COHEN asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 
minute.) 
Mr. COHEN. Madam Speaker, yester-
day during the debate on guns, Rep-
resentative JORDAN and a few others on 
the Republican side said that the Sec-
ond Amendment and the right to guns 
was a God-given right. 
I don’t know anything in the Old Tes-
tament where God spoke to guns. I do 
know He spoke to Moses and gave him 
the Ten Commandments and said noth-
ing about AR–15s or guns. But He said: 
Thou shall not kill. 
In the New Testament I don’t think 
Jesus said anything about guns or AR– 
15s, but He did say: You shall beat your 
swords into plowshares. 
We are all created in the image of 
God, and I am sure God would not like 
His powers, His name, and His author-
ity used to endorse the killing of young 
people through weapons that he was al-
legedly giving, AR–15s. God would look 
askance at that type of logic. 
God bless America. 
f 
RECOGNIZING 
VIRGINIA’S 
NCAA 
DIVISION I MEN’S TENNIS CHAM-
PIONSHIP 
(Mr. GOOD of Virginia asked and was 
given permission to address the House 
for 1 minute.) 
Mr. GOOD of Virginia. Madam Speak-
er, I rise today to congratulate student 
athletes from the University of Vir-
ginia for their success in winning the 
2022 NCAA Division I Men’s Tennis Na-
tional Championship. 
Each year the NCAA supports stu-
dent athletes from roughly 1,100 insti-
tutions of higher learning sponsoring 
90 championships in 24 sports. Over half 
a million student athletes from across 
the United States compete each year 
for a national championship. 
Winning an NCAA championship is 
truly a remarkable achievement and 
something deserving of celebration. 
On Sunday, May 22, 2022, the many 
years of hard work and perseverance of 
these UVA student athletes paid off. 
They defeated Kentucky 4–0, securing 
the program’s fifth NCAA Division I 
Men’s Tennis National Championship, 
all coming in the last 10 years. 
Madam Speaker, I am proud to rise 
today to congratulate these student 
athletes and the University of Virginia 
for this great achievement. 
f 
BIDEN INFLATION 
(Mr. ROSE asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:55 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.003
H09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 1-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5415 
June 9, 2022 
Mr. ROSE. Madam Speaker, as the 
Biden inflation worsens and Americans 
are forced to choose between buying 
groceries or filling their gas tanks, 
Democrats will hold a prime time, Hol-
lywood-produced sham hearing of their 
unconstitutional Select Committee to 
Investigate the January 6th Attack. 
Most Americans won’t watch. In fact, 
America’s most-watched news source, 
FOX News, won’t even be covering the 
hearing live. That won’t stop Demo-
crats from trying to pull out all the 
stops to do whatever they can to dis-
tract the American people from their 
inability to effectively govern. 
They have even hired a slick ABC 
News producer to produce the hearing 
to ensure their spectacle is ready for 
prime time. 
I hope, come November, when folks 
head to the polls they remember Demo-
crats decided to put politics first in-
stead of focusing on the real-life issues 
we all face today. It is truly a shame. 
f 
b 0915 
FEDERAL EXTREME RISK 
PROTECTION ORDER ACT OF 2021 
Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, pur-
suant to House Resolution 1153, I call 
up the bill (H.R. 2377) to authorize the 
issuance of extreme risk protection or-
ders, and ask for its immediate consid-
eration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 1153, in lieu of 
the amendment in the nature of a sub-
stitute recommended by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary printed in the 
bill, an amendment in the nature of a 
substitute consisting of the text of 
Rules Committee Print 117–46, modified 
by the amendment printed in House 
Report 117–356, is adopted, and the bill, 
as amended, is considered read. 
The text of the bill, as amended, is as 
follows: 
H.R. 2377 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Extreme 
Risk Protection Order Act of 2022’’. 
SEC. 2. FEDERAL EXTREME RISK PROTECTION 
ORDERS. 
(a) IN
GENERAL.—Chapter 44 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the 
end the following: 
‘‘§ 932. Extreme risk protection orders 
‘‘(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section— 
‘‘(1) the term ‘court’ means a district court of 
the United States; 
‘‘(2) the term ‘designated law enforcement of-
ficer’ means a law enforcement officer, des-
ignated by a United States marshal, who agrees 
to receive firearms, ammunition, and permits, as 
applicable, surrendered under subsection (f); 
‘‘(3) the term ‘Director’ means the Director of 
the Administrative Office of the United States 
Courts; 
‘‘(4) the term ‘ex parte Federal extreme risk 
protection order’ or ‘ex parte Federal order’ 
means a Federal extreme risk protection order 
issued under subsection (c); 
‘‘(5) the term ‘Federal extreme risk protection 
order’ means an order issued by a Federal court 
that enjoins an individual from purchasing, 
possessing, or receiving, in or affecting inter-
state and foreign commerce, a firearm or ammu-
nition; 
‘‘(6) the term ‘family or household member’, 
with respect to a Federal order respondent, 
means any— 
‘‘(A) parent, spouse, sibling, or child related 
by blood, marriage, or adoption to the respond-
ent; 
‘‘(B) dating partner of the respondent; 
‘‘(C) individual who has a child in common 
with the respondent, regardless of whether the 
individual has— 
‘‘(i) been married to the respondent; or 
‘‘(ii) lived together with the respondent at any 
time; 
‘‘(D) individual who resides or has resided 
with the respondent during the past year; 
‘‘(E) domestic partner of the respondent; 
‘‘(F) individual who has a legal parent-child 
relationship with the respondent, including a 
stepparent-stepchild and grandparent-grand-
child relationship; and 
‘‘(G) individual who is acting or has acted as 
the legal guardian of the respondent; 
‘‘(7) the term ‘Federal order petitioner’ means 
an individual authorized to petition for an ex 
parte or long-term Federal extreme risk protec-
tion order under subsection (b)(1); 
‘‘(8) the term ‘Federal order respondent’ 
means an individual named in the petition for 
an ex parte or long-term Federal extreme risk 
protection order or subject to an ex parte or 
long-term Federal extreme risk protection order; 
‘‘(9) the term ‘long-term Federal extreme risk 
protection order’ or ‘long-term Federal order’ 
means a Federal extreme risk protection order 
issued under subsection (d); 
‘‘(10) the term ‘mental health agency’ means 
an agency of a State, Tribal, or local govern-
ment or its contracted agency that is responsible 
for mental health services or co-occurring men-
tal health and substance abuse services; and 
‘‘(11) the term ‘national instant criminal back-
ground check system’ means the national in-
stant criminal background check system estab-
lished under section 103 of the Brady Handgun 
Violence Prevention Act (34 U.S.C. 40901). 
‘‘(b) PETITION.— 
‘‘(1) IN
GENERAL.—A family or household 
member of the applicable individual, or a law 
enforcement officer, may submit to an appro-
priate district court of the United States a peti-
tion requesting that the court issue an ex parte 
Federal extreme risk protection order or long- 
term Federal extreme risk protection order with 
respect to an individual. 
‘‘(2) NO FEES.—A court or law enforcement 
agency may not charge a petitioner or respond-
ent any fee for— 
‘‘(A) filing, issuing, serving, or reporting an 
extreme risk protection order; 
‘‘(B) a petition for an extreme risk protection 
order or any pleading, subpoena, warrant, or 
motion in connection with an extreme risk pro-
tection order; or 
‘‘(C) any order or order to show cause nec-
essary to obtain or give effect to this section. 
‘‘(3) CONFIDENTIALITY.—A Federal order peti-
tioner who is a law enforcement officer may pro-
vide the identity of the petitioner’s sources, and 
any identifying information, to the court under 
seal. 
‘‘(c) EX PARTE ORDERS.— 
‘‘(1) TIMING.— 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—Except as provided in sub-
paragraph (B), a court that receives a petition 
for an ex parte Federal order under subsection 
(b) shall grant or deny the petition on the date 
on which the petition is submitted. 
‘‘(B) LATE PETITIONS.—If a court receives a 
petition for an ex parte Federal order submitted 
under subsection (b) too late in the day to per-
mit effective review, the court shall grant or 
deny the petition on the next day of judicial 
business at a time early enough to permit the 
court to file an order with the clerk of the court 
during that day. 
‘‘(2) EVIDENCE REQUIRED.—Before issuing an 
ex parte Federal order, a court shall require 
that the petitioner for such order submit a 
signed affidavit, sworn to before the court, 
that— 
‘‘(A) explains why such petitioner believes 
that the Federal order respondent poses a risk of 
imminent personal injury to self or another indi-
vidual, by purchasing, possessing, or receiving a 
firearm or ammunition; and 
‘‘(B) describes the interactions and conversa-
tions of the petitioner with— 
‘‘(i) the respondent; or 
‘‘(ii) another individual, if such petitioner be-
lieves that information obtained from that indi-
vidual is credible and reliable. 
‘‘(3) STANDARD FOR ISSUANCE OF ORDER.—A 
court may issue an ex parte Federal order only 
upon a finding of probable cause to believe 
that— 
‘‘(A) the Federal order respondent poses a risk 
of imminent personal injury to self or another 
individual, by purchasing, possessing, or receiv-
ing a firearm or ammunition; and 
‘‘(B) the order is necessary to prevent the in-
jury described in subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(4) DURATION.—An ex parte Federal order 
shall expire on the earlier of— 
‘‘(A) the date that is 14 days after the date of 
issuance; or 
‘‘(B) the date on which the court determines 
whether to issue a long-term Federal order with 
respect to the respondent. 
‘‘(d) LONG-TERM FEDERAL ORDERS.— 
‘‘(1) HEARING REQUIRED.—If a court receives a 
petition for a long-term Federal extreme risk 
protection order for a respondent under sub-
section (b), the court shall hold a hearing to de-
termine whether to issue a long-term Federal 
order with respect to the respondent either— 
‘‘(A)(i) if the court issues an ex parte order 
with respect to the respondent, not later than 72 
hours after the ex parte order is served on the 
respondent; or 
‘‘(ii) if the respondent waives the right to a 
hearing within the 72-hour period under clause 
(i), or the court does not issue an ex parte order, 
within 14 days after the date on which the court 
receives the petition; or 
‘‘(B) in no event later than 14 days after the 
date on which the court receives the petition. 
‘‘(2) NOTICE AND OPPORTUNITY TO BE HEARD.— 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—The court shall provide the 
Federal order respondent with notice and the 
opportunity to be heard at a hearing under this 
subsection, sufficient to protect the due process 
rights of the respondent. 
‘‘(B) RIGHT TO COUNSEL.— 
‘‘(i) IN
GENERAL.—At a hearing under this 
subsection, the Federal order respondent may be 
represented by counsel who is— 
‘‘(I) chosen by the respondent; and 
‘‘(II) authorized to practice at such a hearing. 
‘‘(ii) COURT-PROVIDED COUNSEL.—If the Fed-
eral order respondent is financially unable to 
obtain representation by counsel, the court, at 
the request of the respondent, shall ensure, to 
the extent practicable, that the respondent is 
represented by an attorney with respect to the 
petition. 
‘‘(3) BURDEN
OF
PROOF; STANDARD.—At a 
hearing under this subsection, the Federal order 
petitioner— 
‘‘(A) shall have the burden of proving all ma-
terial facts; and 
‘‘(B) shall be required to demonstrate, by clear 
and convincing evidence, that— 
‘‘(i) the respondent to such order poses a risk 
of personal injury to self or another individual, 
during the period to be covered by the proposed 
Federal extreme risk protection order, by pur-
chasing, possessing, or receiving a firearm or 
ammunition; and 
‘‘(ii) the order is necessary to prevent the in-
jury described in clause (i). 
‘‘(4) ISSUANCE.—Upon a showing of clear and 
convincing evidence under paragraph (3), the 
court shall issue a long-term Federal order with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:55 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.005
H09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 2-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5416 
June 9, 2022 
respect to the respondent that shall be in effect 
for a period of not more than 180 days. 
‘‘(5) DENIAL.—If the court finds that there is 
not clear and convincing evidence to support 
the issuance of a long-term Federal order, the 
court shall dissolve any ex parte Federal order 
then in effect with respect to the respondent. 
‘‘(6) RENEWAL.— 
‘‘(A) NOTICE
OF
SCHEDULED
EXPIRATION.— 
Thirty days before the date on which a long- 
term Federal order is scheduled to expire, the 
court that issued the order shall— 
‘‘(i) notify the petitioner and the respondent 
to such order that the order is scheduled to ex-
pire; and 
‘‘(ii) advise the petitioner and the respondent 
of the procedures for seeking a renewal of the 
order under this paragraph. 
‘‘(B) PETITION.—If a family or household 
member of the Federal order respondent, or a 
law enforcement officer, believes that the condi-
tions under paragraph (3)(B) continue to apply 
with respect to a respondent who is subject to a 
long-term Federal order, the family or house-
hold member or law enforcement officer may 
submit to the court that issued the order a peti-
tion for a renewal of the order. 
‘‘(C) HEARING.—A court that receives a peti-
tion submitted under subparagraph (B) shall 
hold a hearing to determine whether to issue a 
renewed long-term Federal order with respect to 
the respondent. 
‘‘(D) APPLICABLE PROCEDURES.—The require-
ments under paragraphs (2) through (5) shall 
apply to the consideration of a petition for a re-
newed long-term Federal order submitted under 
subparagraph (B) of this paragraph. 
‘‘(E) ISSUANCE.—Upon a showing by clear and 
convincing evidence that the conditions under 
paragraph (3)(B) continue to apply with respect 
to the respondent, the court shall issue a re-
newed long-term Federal order with respect to 
the respondent. 
‘‘(e) FACTORS TO CONSIDER.—In determining 
whether to issue a Federal extreme risk protec-
tion order, a court— 
‘‘(1) shall consider factors including— 
‘‘(A) a recent threat or act of violence by the 
respondent directed toward another individual; 
‘‘(B) a recent threat or act of violence by the 
respondent directed toward self; 
‘‘(C) a recent act of cruelty to an animal by 
the respondent; and 
‘‘(D) evidence of ongoing abuse of a controlled 
substance or alcohol by the respondent that has 
led to a threat or act of violence directed to self 
or another individual; and 
‘‘(2) may consider other factors, including— 
‘‘(A) the reckless use, display, or brandishing 
of a firearm by the respondent; 
‘‘(B) a history of violence or attempted vio-
lence by the respondent against another indi-
vidual; and 
‘‘(C) evidence of an explicit or implicit threat 
made by the person through any medium that 
demonstrate that the person poses a risk of per-
sonal injury to self or another individual. 
‘‘(f) RELINQUISHMENT OF FIREARMS AND AM-
MUNITION.— 
‘‘(1) ORDER OF SURRENDER.—Upon issuance of 
an ex parte Federal order or long-term Federal 
order, the court shall order the respondent to 
such order to surrender all firearms and ammu-
nition that the respondent possesses or owns, in 
or affecting interstate commerce, as well as any 
permit authorizing the respondent to purchase 
or possess firearms (including a concealed carry 
permit), to— 
‘‘(A) the United States Marshals Service; or 
‘‘(B) a designated law enforcement officer. 
‘‘(2) SURRENDER AND REMOVAL.— 
‘‘(A) MANNER OF SERVICE.— 
‘‘(i) PERSONAL SERVICE.—Except as provided 
in clause (ii), a United States marshal or des-
ignated law enforcement officer shall serve a 
Federal extreme risk protection order on a re-
spondent by handing the order to the respond-
ent to such order. 
‘‘(ii) ALTERNATIVE SERVICE.—If the respondent 
cannot reasonably be located for service as de-
scribed in clause (i), a Federal extreme risk pro-
tection order may be served on the respondent in 
any manner authorized under the Federal Rules 
of Civil Procedure. 
‘‘(B) REMOVAL.—Except as provided in sub-
paragraph (C), a United States marshal or des-
ignated law enforcement officer serving a Fed-
eral extreme risk protection order personally on 
the respondent shall— 
‘‘(i) request that all firearms and ammunition, 
in or affecting interstate commerce, as well as 
any permit authorizing the respondent to pur-
chase or possess firearms (including a concealed 
carry permit), that the respondent possesses or 
owns— 
‘‘(I) be immediately surrendered to the United 
States marshal or designated law enforcement 
officer; or 
‘‘(II) at the option of the respondent, be imme-
diately surrendered and sold to a federally li-
censed firearms dealer; and 
‘‘(ii) take possession of all firearms and am-
munition described in clause (i) that are not 
sold under subclause (II) of that clause, as well 
as any permit described in that clause, that 
are— 
‘‘(I) surrendered; 
‘‘(II) in plain sight; or 
‘‘(III) discovered pursuant to a lawful search. 
‘‘(C) ALTERNATIVE
SURRENDER.—If a United 
States marshal or designated law enforcement 
officer is not able to personally serve a Federal 
extreme risk protection order under subpara-
graph (A)(i), or is not reasonably able to take 
custody of the firearms, ammunition, and per-
mits under subparagraph (B), the respondent 
shall surrender the firearms, ammunition, and 
permits in a safe manner to the control of a 
United States marshal or designated law en-
forcement officer not later than 48 hours after 
being served with the order. 
‘‘(3) RECEIPT.— 
‘‘(A) ISSUANCE.—At the time of surrender or 
removal under paragraph (2), a United States 
marshal or designated law enforcement officer 
taking possession of a firearm, ammunition, or a 
permit pursuant to a Federal extreme risk pro-
tection order shall— 
‘‘(i) issue a receipt identifying all firearms, 
ammunition, and permits that have been surren-
dered or removed; and 
‘‘(ii) provide a copy of the receipt issued 
under clause (i) to the respondent to such order. 
‘‘(B) FILING.—Not later than 72 hours after 
issuance of a receipt under subparagraph (A), 
the United States marshal who issued the re-
ceipt or designated another law enforcement of-
ficer to do so shall— 
‘‘(i) file the original receipt issued under sub-
paragraph (A) of this paragraph with the court 
that issued the Federal extreme risk protection 
order; and 
‘‘(ii) ensure that the United States Marshals 
Service retains a copy of the receipt. 
‘‘(C) DESIGNATED
LAW
ENFORCEMENT
OFFI-
CER.—If a designated law enforcement officer 
issues a receipt under subparagraph (A), the of-
ficer shall submit the original receipt and a copy 
of the receipt to the appropriate United States 
marshal to enable the United States marshal to 
comply with subparagraph (B). 
‘‘(4) FORFEITURE.—If a respondent knowingly 
attempts, in violation of a Federal extreme risk 
protection order, to access a firearm, ammuni-
tion, or a permit that was surrendered or re-
moved under this subsection, the firearm, am-
munition, or permit shall be subject to seizure 
and forfeiture under section 924(d). 
‘‘(g) RETURN
OF
FIREARMS
AND
AMMUNI-
TION.— 
‘‘(1) NOTICE.—If a Federal extreme risk pro-
tection order is dissolved, or expires and is not 
renewed, the court that issued the order shall 
order the United States Marshals Service to— 
‘‘(A) confirm, through the national instant 
criminal background check system and any 
other relevant law enforcement databases, that 
the respondent to such order may lawfully own 
and possess firearms and ammunition; and 
‘‘(B)(i) if the respondent may lawfully own 
and possess firearms and ammunition, notify 
the respondent that the respondent may retrieve 
each firearm, ammunition, or permit surren-
dered by or removed from the respondent under 
subsection (f); or 
‘‘(ii) if the respondent may not lawfully own 
or possess firearms and ammunition, notify the 
respondent that each firearm, ammunition, or 
permit surrendered by or removed from the re-
spondent under subsection (f) will be returned 
only when the respondent demonstrates to the 
United States Marshals Service that the re-
spondent may lawfully own and possess fire-
arms and ammunition. 
‘‘(2) RETURN.—If a Federal extreme risk pro-
tection order is dissolved, or expires and is not 
renewed, and the United States Marshals Serv-
ice confirms under paragraph (1)(A) that the re-
spondent may lawfully own and possess fire-
arms and ammunition, the court that issued the 
order shall order the entity that possesses each 
firearm, ammunition, or permit surrendered by 
or removed from the respondent under sub-
section (f) to return those items to the respond-
ent. 
‘‘(h) RETURN OF FIREARMS AND AMMUNITION 
IMPROPERLY RECEIVED.—If a court, in a hearing 
under subsection (d), determines that a firearm 
or ammunition surrendered by or removed from 
a respondent under subsection (f) is owned by 
an individual other than the respondent, the 
court may order the United States marshal or 
designated law enforcement officer in possession 
of the firearm or ammunition to transfer the 
firearm or ammunition to that individual if— 
‘‘(1) the individual may lawfully own and 
possess firearms and ammunition; and 
‘‘(2) the individual will not provide the re-
spondent with access to the firearm or ammuni-
tion. 
‘‘(i) PENALTY FOR FALSE REPORTING OR FRIV-
OLOUS PETITIONS.—An individual who know-
ingly submits materially false information to the 
court in a petition for a Federal extreme risk 
protection order under this section, or who 
knowingly files such a petition that is frivolous, 
unreasonable, or without foundation, shall be 
fined not more than $5,000, or imprisoned not 
more than 5 years, or both, except to the extent 
that a greater sentence is otherwise provided by 
any other provision of law, as the court deems 
necessary to deter such abuse of process. 
‘‘(j) MODEL POLICY.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—The Director shall draft a 
model policy to maximize the accessibility of 
Federal extreme risk protection orders. 
‘‘(2) CONTENTS.—In drafting the model policy 
under paragraph (1), the Director shall— 
‘‘(A) ensure that State, Tribal, and local law 
enforcement officers and members of the public 
without legal training are able to easily file pe-
titions for Federal extreme risk protection or-
ders; 
‘‘(B) prescribe outreach efforts by employees 
of the district courts of the United States to fa-
miliarize relevant law enforcement officers and 
the public with the procedures for filing peti-
tions, either— 
‘‘(i) through direct outreach; or 
‘‘(ii) in coordination with— 
‘‘(I) relevant officials in the executive or legis-
lative branch of the Federal Government; or 
‘‘(II) with relevant State, Tribal, and local of-
ficials; 
‘‘(C) prescribe policies for allowing the filing 
of petitions and prompt adjudication of petitions 
on weekends and outside of normal court hours; 
‘‘(D) prescribe policies for coordinating with 
law enforcement agencies to ensure the safe, 
timely, and effective service of Federal extreme 
risk protection orders and relinquishment of 
firearms, ammunition, and permits, as applica-
ble; and 
‘‘(E) identify governmental and non-govern-
mental resources and partners to help officials 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:55 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00004
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\A09JN7.004
H09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 3-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5417 
June 9, 2022 
of the district courts of the United States coordi-
nate with civil society organizations to ensure 
the safe and effective implementation of this 
section. 
‘‘(k) REPORTING.— 
‘‘(1) INDIVIDUAL REPORTS.— 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 2 court days 
after the date on which a court issues or dis-
solves a Federal extreme risk protection order 
under this section or a Federal extreme risk pro-
tection order expires without being renewed, the 
court shall notify— 
‘‘(i) the Attorney General; 
‘‘(ii) each relevant mental health agency in 
the State in which the order is issued; and 
‘‘(iii) State and local law enforcement officials 
in the jurisdiction in which the order is issued, 
including the national instant criminal back-
ground check system single point of contact for 
the State of residence of the respondent, where 
applicable. 
‘‘(B) FORMAT.—A court shall submit a notice 
under subparagraph (A) in an electronic format, 
in a manner prescribed by the Attorney General. 
‘‘(C) UPDATE
OF
DATABASES.—As soon as 
practicable and not later than 5 days after re-
ceiving a notice under subparagraph (A), the 
Attorney General shall update the background 
check databases of the Attorney General to re-
flect the prohibitions articulated in the applica-
ble Federal extreme risk protection order. 
‘‘(2) ANNUAL REPORT.—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of the Federal Ex-
treme Risk Protection Order Act of 2022, and an-
nually thereafter, the Director shall submit to 
the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate 
and the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
House of Representatives a report that includes, 
with respect to the preceding year— 
‘‘(A) the number of petitions for ex parte Fed-
eral orders filed, as well as the number of such 
orders 
issued 
and 
the 
number 
denied, 
disaggregated by— 
‘‘(i) the jurisdiction; 
‘‘(ii) whether the individual authorized under 
subsection (b) to petition for a Federal extreme 
risk protection order is a law enforcement offi-
cer, or a family or household member, and in the 
case of a family or household member, which of 
subparagraphs (A) through (G) of subsection 
(a)(6) describes the relationship; and 
‘‘(iii) the alleged danger posed by the Federal 
order respondent, including whether the danger 
involved a risk of suicide, unintentional injury, 
domestic violence, or other interpersonal vio-
lence; 
‘‘(B) the number of petitions for long-term 
Federal orders filed, as well as the number of 
such orders issued and the number denied, 
disaggregated by— 
‘‘(i) the jurisdiction; 
‘‘(ii) whether the individual authorized under 
subsection (b) to petition for a Federal extreme 
risk protection order is a law enforcement offi-
cer, or a family or household member, and in the 
case of a family or household member, which of 
subparagraphs (A) through (G) of subsection 
(a)(6) describes the relationship; and 
‘‘(iii) the alleged danger posed by the Federal 
order respondent, including whether the danger 
involved a risk of suicide, unintentional injury, 
domestic violence, or other interpersonal vio-
lence; 
‘‘(C) the number of petitions for renewals of 
long-term Federal orders filed, as well as the 
number of such orders issued and the number 
denied; 
‘‘(D) the number of cases in which a court has 
issued a penalty for false reporting or frivolous 
petitions; 
‘‘(E) demographic data of Federal order peti-
tioners, including race, ethnicity, national ori-
gin, sex, gender, age, disability, average annual 
income, and English language proficiency, if 
available; 
‘‘(F) demographic data of Federal order re-
spondents, including race, ethnicity, national 
origin, sex, gender, age, disability, average an-
nual income, and English language proficiency, 
if available; and 
‘‘(G) the total number of firearms removed 
pursuant to Federal extreme risk protection or-
ders, and, if available, the number of firearms 
removed pursuant to each such order. 
‘‘(l) TRAINING
FOR FEDERAL LAW ENFORCE-
MENT OFFICERS.— 
‘‘(1) TRAINING
REQUIREMENTS.—The head of 
each Federal law enforcement agency shall re-
quire each Federal law enforcement officer em-
ployed by the agency to complete training in the 
safe, impartial, effective, and equitable use and 
administration of Federal extreme risk protec-
tion orders, including training to address— 
‘‘(A) bias based on race and racism, ethnicity, 
gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, reli-
gion, language proficiency, mental health con-
dition, disability, and classism in the use and 
administration of Federal extreme risk protec-
tion orders; 
‘‘(B) the appropriate use of Federal extreme 
risk protection orders in cases of domestic vio-
lence, including the applicability of other poli-
cies and protocols to address domestic violence 
in situations that may also involve Federal ex-
treme risk protection orders and the necessity of 
safety planning with the victim before law en-
forcement petitions for and executes a Federal 
extreme risk protection order, if applicable; 
‘‘(C) interacting with persons with mental, be-
havioral, or physical disabilities, or emotional 
distress, including de-escalation techniques and 
crisis intervention; 
‘‘(D) techniques for outreach to historically 
marginalized cultural communities and the de-
velopment of linguistic proficiencies for law en-
forcement; 
‘‘(E) community relations; and 
‘‘(F) best practices for referring persons sub-
ject to Federal extreme risk protection orders 
and associated victims of violence to social serv-
ice providers that may be available in the juris-
diction and appropriate for those individuals, 
including health care, mental health, substance 
abuse, and legal services, employment and voca-
tional services, housing assistance, case man-
agement, and veterans and disability benefits. 
‘‘(2) TRAINING
DEVELOPMENT.—Federal law 
enforcement agencies developing law enforce-
ment training required under this section shall 
seek advice from domestic violence service pro-
viders (including culturally specific (as defined 
in section 40002 of the Violence Against Women 
Act of 1994 (34 U.S.C. 12291)) providers), social 
service providers, suicide prevention advocates, 
violence intervention specialists, law enforce-
ment agencies, mental health disability experts, 
and other community groups working to reduce 
suicides and violence, including domestic vio-
lence, within the State. 
‘‘(m) RULE
OF
CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in 
this section or shall be construed to alter the re-
quirements of subsections (d)(8) or (g)(8) of sec-
tion 922, related to domestic violence protective 
orders. 
‘‘(n) PREEMPTION.—Nothing in this section 
may be construed to preempt any State law or 
policy.’’. 
(b) TECHNICAL
AND
CONFORMING
AMEND-
MENTS.— 
(1) TABLE OF SECTIONS.—The table of sections 
for chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code, is 
amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘932. Extreme risk protection orders.’’. 
(2) FORFEITURE.—Section 924(d)(3) of title 
18, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (F), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(G) any attempt to violate a Federal ex-
treme risk protection order issued under sec-
tion 932.’’. 
SEC. 3. FEDERAL FIREARMS PROHIBITION. 
Section 922 of title 18, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (d)— 
(A) in paragraph (8)(B)(ii), by striking ‘‘or’’ 
at the end; 
(B) in paragraph (9), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(C) by inserting after paragraph (9) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(10) is subject to a court order— 
‘‘(A) issued under section 932; or 
‘‘(B) that is an extreme risk protection 
order (as defined in section 4(a) of the Fed-
eral Extreme Risk Protection Order Act of 
2022).’’; and 
(2) in subsection (g)— 
(A) in paragraph (8)(C)(ii), by striking ‘‘or’’ 
at the end; 
(B) in paragraph (9), by striking the 
comma at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(C) by inserting after paragraph (9) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(10) is subject to a court order— 
‘‘(A) issued under section 932; or 
‘‘(B) that is an extreme risk protection 
order (as defined in section 4(a) of the Fed-
eral Extreme Risk Protection Order Act of 
2022),’’. 
SEC. 4. EXTREME RISK PROTECTION ORDER 
GRANT PROGRAM. 
(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) ELIGIBLE
ENTITY.—The term ‘‘eligible 
entity’’ means— 
(A) a State or Indian Tribe— 
(i) that enacts legislation described in sub-
section (c); 
(ii) with respect to which the Attorney 
General determines that the legislation de-
scribed in clause (i) complies with the re-
quirements under subsection (c)(1); and 
(iii) that certifies to the Attorney General 
that the State or Indian Tribe shall— 
(I) use the grant for the purposes described 
in subsection (b)(2); and 
(II) allocate not less than 25 percent and 
not more than 70 percent of the amount re-
ceived under a grant under subsection (b) for 
the development and dissemination of train-
ing for law enforcement officers in accord-
ance with subsection (b)(4); or 
(B) a unit of local government or other 
public or private entity that— 
(i) is located in a State or in the territory 
under the jurisdiction of an Indian Tribe 
that meets the requirements described in 
clauses (i) and (ii) of subparagraph (A); and 
(ii) certifies to the Attorney General that 
the unit of local government or entity 
shall— 
(I) use the grant for the purposes described 
in subsection (b)(2); and 
(II) allocate not less than 25 percent and 
not more than 70 percent of the amount re-
ceived under a grant under this section for 
the development and dissemination of train-
ing for law enforcement officers in accord-
ance with subsection (b)(4). 
(2) EXTREME RISK PROTECTION ORDER.—The 
term ‘‘extreme risk protection order’’ means 
a written order or warrant, issued by a State 
or Tribal court or signed by a magistrate (or 
other comparable judicial officer), the pri-
mary purpose of which is to reduce the risk 
of firearm-related death or injury by doing 1 
or more of the following: 
(A) Prohibiting a named individual from 
having under the custody or control of the 
individual, owning, purchasing, possessing, 
or receiving a firearm. 
(B) Having a firearm removed or requiring 
the surrender of firearms from a named indi-
vidual. 
(3) FIREARM.—The term ‘‘firearm’’ has the 
meaning given the term in section 921 of 
title 18, United States Code. 
(4) INDIAN TRIBE.—The term ‘‘Indian Tribe’’ 
has the meaning given the term ‘‘Indian 
tribe’’ in section 1709 of title I of the Omni-
bus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 
1968 (34 U.S.C. 10389). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:55 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00005
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A09JN7.004
H09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 4-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5418 
June 9, 2022 
(5) LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICER.—The term 
‘‘law enforcement officer’’ means a public 
servant authorized by Federal, State, local, 
or Tribal law or by a Federal, State, local, or 
Tribal government agency to— 
(A) engage in or supervise the prevention, 
detection, investigation, or prosecution of an 
offense; or 
(B) supervise sentenced criminal offenders. 
(6) PETITIONER.—The term ‘‘petitioner’’ 
means an individual authorized under State 
or Tribal law to petition for an extreme risk 
protection order. 
(7) RESPONDENT.—The term ‘‘respondent’’ 
means an individual named in the petition 
for an extreme risk protection order or sub-
ject to an extreme risk protection order. 
(8) STATE.—The term ‘‘State’’ means— 
(A) a State; 
(B) the District of Columbia; 
(C) the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; and 
(D) any other territory or possession of the 
United States. 
(9) UNIT OF LOCAL GOVERNMENT.—The term 
‘‘unit of local government’’ has the meaning 
given the term in section 901 of title I of the 
Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act 
of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10251). 
(b) GRANT PROGRAM ESTABLISHED.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Director of the Office 
of Community Oriented Policing Services of 
the Department of Justice shall establish a 
program under which, from amounts made 
available to carry out this section, the Di-
rector may make grants to eligible entities 
to assist in carrying out the provisions of the 
legislation described in subsection (c). 
(2) USE
OF
FUNDS.—Funds awarded under 
this subsection may be used by an applicant 
to— 
(A) enhance the capacity of law enforce-
ment agencies and the courts of a State, unit 
of local government, or Indian Tribe by pro-
viding personnel, training, technical assist-
ance, data collection, and other resources to 
carry out enacted legislation described in 
subsection (c); 
(B) train judges, court personnel, health 
care and legal professionals, and law enforce-
ment officers to more accurately identify in-
dividuals whose access to firearms poses a 
danger of causing harm to themselves or oth-
ers by increasing the risk of firearms suicide 
or interpersonal violence; 
(C) develop and implement law enforce-
ment and court protocols, forms, and orders 
so that law enforcement agencies and the 
courts may carry out the provisions of the 
enacted legislation described in subsection 
(c) in a safe, equitable, and effective manner, 
including through the removal and storage 
of firearms pursuant to extreme risk protec-
tion orders under the enacted legislation; 
and 
(D) raise public awareness and under-
standing of the enacted legislation described 
in subsection (c), including through sub-
grants to community-based organizations for 
the training of community members, so that 
extreme risk protection orders may be issued 
in appropriate situations to reduce the risk 
of firearms-related death and injury. 
(3) APPLICATION.—An eligible entity desir-
ing a grant under this subsection shall sub-
mit to the Attorney General an application 
at such time, in such manner, and con-
taining or accompanied by such information 
as the Attorney General may reasonably re-
quire. 
(4) TRAINING.— 
(A) IN
GENERAL.—A recipient of a grant 
under this subsection shall provide training 
to law enforcement officers, including offi-
cers of relevant Federal, State, local, and 
Tribal law enforcement agencies, in the safe, 
impartial, effective, and equitable use and 
administration of extreme risk protection 
orders, including training to address— 
(i) bias based on race and racism, eth-
nicity, gender, sexual orientation, gender 
identity, 
religion, 
language 
proficiency, 
mental health condition, disability, and 
classism in the use and administration of ex-
treme risk protection orders; 
(ii) the appropriate use of extreme risk 
protection orders in cases of domestic vio-
lence, including the applicability of other 
policies and protocols to address domestic 
violence in situations that may also involve 
extreme risk protection orders and the ne-
cessity of safety planning with the victim 
before a law enforcement officer petitions for 
and executes an extreme risk protection 
order, if applicable; 
(iii) interacting with persons with mental, 
behavioral, or physical disabilities, or emo-
tional distress, including de-escalation tech-
niques and crisis intervention; 
(iv) techniques for outreach to historically 
marginalized cultural communities and the 
development of linguistic proficiencies for 
law enforcement; 
(v) community relations; and 
(vi) best practices for referring persons 
subject to extreme risk protection orders 
and associated victims of violence to social 
service providers that may be available in 
the jurisdiction and appropriate for those in-
dividuals, including health care, mental 
health, substance abuse, and legal services, 
employment and vocational services, hous-
ing assistance, case management, and vet-
erans and disability benefits. 
(B) CONSULTATION WITH EXPERTS.—A recipi-
ent of a grant under this subsection, in de-
veloping law enforcement training required 
under subparagraph (A), shall seek advice 
from domestic violence service providers (in-
cluding culturally specific (as defined in sec-
tion 40002 of the Violence Against Women 
Act of 1994 (34 U.S.C. 12291)) providers), social 
service providers, suicide prevention advo-
cates, violence intervention specialists, law 
enforcement agencies, mental health dis-
ability experts, and other community groups 
working to reduce suicides and violence, in-
cluding domestic violence, within the State 
or the territory under the jurisdiction of the 
Indian Tribe, as applicable, that enacted the 
legislation described in subsection (c) that 
enabled the grant recipient to be an eligible 
entity. 
(5) INCENTIVES.—For each of fiscal years 
2023 through 2027, the Attorney General shall 
give affirmative preference in awarding any 
discretionary grant awarded by the Office of 
Community Oriented Policing Services to a 
State or Indian Tribe that has enacted legis-
lation described in subsection (c) or to a unit 
of local government or other public or pri-
vate entity located in such a State or in the 
territory under the jurisdiction of such an 
Indian Tribe. 
(6) AUTHORIZATION
OF
APPROPRIATIONS.— 
There are authorized to be appropriated such 
sums as are necessary to carry out this sec-
tion. 
(c) ELIGIBILITY FOR EXTREME RISK PROTEC-
TION ORDER GRANT PROGRAM.— 
(1) REQUIREMENTS.—Legislation described 
in this subsection is legislation that estab-
lishes requirements that are substantially 
similar to the following: 
(A) APPLICATION FOR EXTREME RISK PROTEC-
TION ORDER.—A petitioner, including a law 
enforcement officer, may submit an applica-
tion to a State or Tribal court, on a form de-
signed by the court or a State or Tribal 
agency, that— 
(i) describes the facts and circumstances 
justifying that an extreme risk protection 
order be issued against the named individual; 
and 
(ii) is signed by the applicant, under oath. 
(B) NOTICE
AND
DUE
PROCESS.—The indi-
vidual named in an application for an ex-
treme risk protection order as described in 
subparagraph (A) shall be given written no-
tice of the application and an opportunity to 
be heard on the matter in accordance with 
this paragraph. 
(C) ISSUANCE OF EXTREME RISK PROTECTION 
ORDERS.— 
(i) HEARING.— 
(I) IN GENERAL.—Upon receipt of an appli-
cation described in subparagraph (A) or re-
quest of an individual named in such an ap-
plication, the court shall order a hearing to 
be held within a reasonable time, and not 
later than 30 days after the date of the appli-
cation or request. 
(II) DETERMINATION.—If the court finds at 
the hearing ordered under subclause (I), by a 
preponderance of the evidence or according 
to a higher evidentiary standard established 
by the State or Indian Tribe, that the re-
spondent poses a danger of causing harm to 
self or others by having access to a firearm, 
the court may issue an extreme risk protec-
tion order. 
(ii) DURATION OF EXTREME RISK PROTECTION 
ORDER.—An extreme risk protection order 
shall be in effect— 
(I) until an order terminating or super-
seding the extreme risk protection order is 
issued; or 
(II) for a set period of time. 
(D) EX PARTE EXTREME RISK PROTECTION OR-
DERS.— 
(i) IN GENERAL.—Upon receipt of an appli-
cation described in subparagraph (A), the 
court may issue an ex parte extreme risk 
protection order, if— 
(I) the application for an extreme risk pro-
tection order alleges that the respondent 
poses a danger of causing harm to self or 
others by having access to a firearm; and 
(II) the court finds there is reasonable 
cause to believe, or makes a finding accord-
ing to a higher evidentiary standard estab-
lished by the State or Indian Tribe, that the 
respondent poses a danger of causing harm 
to self or others by having access to a fire-
arm. 
(ii) DURATION OF EX PARTE EXTREME RISK 
PROTECTION
ORDER.—An ex parte extreme 
risk protection order shall remain in effect 
only until the hearing required under sub-
paragraph (C)(i). 
(E) STORAGE OF REMOVED FIREARMS.— 
(i) AVAILABILITY FOR RETURN.—All firearms 
removed or surrendered pursuant to an ex-
treme risk protection order shall only be 
available for return to the named individual 
when the individual has regained eligibility 
under Federal and State law, and, where ap-
plicable, Tribal law to possess firearms. 
(ii) CONSENT REQUIRED FOR DISPOSAL OR DE-
STRUCTION.—Firearms owned by a named in-
dividual may not be disposed of or destroyed 
during the period of the extreme risk protec-
tion order without the consent of the named 
individual. 
(F) NOTIFICATION.— 
(i) IN GENERAL.— 
(I) REQUIREMENT.—A State or Tribal court 
that issues an extreme risk protection order 
shall notify the Attorney General or the 
comparable State or Tribal agency, as appli-
cable, of the order as soon as practicable or 
within a designated period of time. 
(II) FORM AND MANNER.—A State or Tribal 
court shall submit a notification under sub-
clause (I) in an electronic format, in a man-
ner prescribed by the Attorney General or 
the comparable State or Tribal agency. 
(ii) UPDATE
OF
DATABASES.—As soon as 
practicable or within the time period des-
ignated by State or Tribal law after receiv-
ing a notification under clause (i), the Attor-
ney General or the comparable State or Trib-
al agency shall ensure that the extreme risk 
protection order is reflected in the National 
Instant Criminal Background Check System. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:24 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00006
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A09JN7.004
H09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 5-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5419 
June 9, 2022 
(2) 
ADDITIONAL
PROVISIONS.—Legislation 
described in this subsection may— 
(A) provide procedures for the termination 
of an extreme risk protection order; 
(B) provide procedures for the renewal of 
an extreme risk protection order; 
(C) establish burdens and standards of 
proof for issuance of orders described in 
paragraph (1) that are substantially similar 
to or higher than the burdens and standards 
of proof set forth in that paragraph; 
(D) limit the individuals who may submit 
an application described in paragraph (1), 
provided that, at a minimum, law enforce-
ment officers are authorized to do so; and 
(E) include any other authorizations or re-
quirements that the State or Tribal authori-
ties determine appropriate. 
(3) ANNUAL REPORT.—Not later than 1 year 
after the date on which an eligible entity re-
ceives a grant under subsection (b), and an-
nually thereafter for the duration of the 
grant period, the entity shall submit to the 
Attorney General a report that includes, 
with respect to the preceding year— 
(A) the number of petitions for ex parte ex-
treme risk protection orders filed, as well as 
the number of such orders issued and the 
number denied, disaggregated by— 
(i) the jurisdiction; 
(ii) the individual authorized under State 
or Tribal law to petition for an extreme risk 
protection order, including the relationship 
of the individual to the respondent; and 
(iii) the alleged danger posed by the re-
spondent, including whether the danger in-
volved a risk of suicide, unintentional in-
jury, domestic violence, or other inter-
personal violence; 
(B) the number of petitions for extreme 
risk protection orders filed, as well as the 
number of such orders issued and the number 
denied, disaggregated by— 
(i) the jurisdiction; 
(ii) the individual authorized under State 
or Tribal law to petition for an extreme risk 
protection order, including the relationship 
of the individual to the respondent; and 
(iii) the alleged danger posed by the re-
spondent, including whether the danger in-
volved a risk of suicide, unintentional in-
jury, domestic violence, or other inter-
personal violence; 
(C) the number of petitions for renewals of 
extreme risk protection orders filed, as well 
as the number of such orders issued and the 
number denied; 
(D) the number of cases in which a court 
imposed a penalty for false reporting or friv-
olous petitions; 
(E) demographic data of petitioners, in-
cluding race, ethnicity, national origin, sex, 
gender, age, disability, average annual in-
come, and English language proficiency, if 
available; 
(F) demographic data of respondents, in-
cluding race, ethnicity, national origin, sex, 
gender, age, disability, average annual in-
come, and English language proficiency, if 
available; and 
(G) the total number of firearms removed 
pursuant to extreme risk protection orders, 
and, if available, the number of firearms re-
moved pursuant to each such order. 
SEC. 5. IDENTIFICATION RECORDS. 
Section 534 of title 28, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— 
(A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(B) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-
graph (5); and 
(C) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(4)(A) subject to subparagraph (B), ac-
quire, collect, classify, and preserve records 
from Federal, Tribal, and State courts and 
other agencies identifying individuals sub-
ject to extreme risk protection orders, as de-
fined in section 4(a) of the Federal Extreme 
Risk Protection Order Act of 2022; and 
‘‘(B) destroy each record acquired or col-
lected under subparagraph (A) when the ap-
plicable extreme risk protection order ex-
pires or is terminated or dissolved; and’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘(a)(4)’’ 
and inserting ‘‘(a)(5)’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(g) EXTREME RISK PROTECTION ORDERS IN 
NATIONAL CRIME INFORMATION DATABASES.— 
A Federal, Tribal, or State criminal justice 
agency or criminal or civil court may— 
‘‘(1) include extreme risk protection or-
ders, as defined in section 4 of the Federal 
Extreme Risk Protection Order Act of 2022, 
and Federal extreme risk protection orders, 
as defined in section 932 of title 18, in na-
tional crime information databases, as that 
term is defined in subsection (f)(3) of this 
section; and 
‘‘(2) have access to information regarding 
extreme risk protection orders and Federal 
extreme risk protection orders through the 
national crime information databases.’’. 
SEC. 6. FULL FAITH AND CREDIT. 
(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section, the terms 
‘‘extreme risk protection order’’, ‘‘Indian 
Tribe’’, and ‘‘State’’ have the meanings 
given those terms in section 4(a). 
(b) FULL FAITH
AND CREDIT REQUIRED.— 
Any extreme risk protection order issued 
under a State or Tribal law enacted in ac-
cordance with this Act shall be accorded the 
same full faith and credit by the court of an-
other State or Indian Tribe (referred to in 
this subsection as the ‘‘enforcing State or In-
dian Tribe’’) and enforced by the court and 
law enforcement personnel of the other State 
or Tribal government as if it were the order 
of the enforcing State or Indian Tribe. 
(c) APPLICABILITY TO PROTECTION ORDERS.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Subsection (b) shall apply 
to a protection order issued by a State or 
Tribal court if— 
(A) the court has jurisdiction over the par-
ties and matter under the law of the State or 
Indian Tribe; and 
(B) reasonable notice and opportunity to 
be heard is given to the person against whom 
the order is sought sufficient to protect that 
person’s right to due process. 
(2) EX PARTE PROTECTION ORDERS.—For pur-
poses of paragraph (1)(B), in the case of an ex 
parte protection order, notice and oppor-
tunity to be heard shall be provided within 
the time required by State or Tribal law, and 
in any event within a reasonable time after 
the order is issued, sufficient to protect the 
due process rights of the respondent. 
(d) TRIBAL COURT JURISDICTION.—For pur-
poses of this section, a court of an Indian 
Tribe shall have full civil jurisdiction to 
issue and enforce a protection order involv-
ing any person, including the authority to 
enforce any order through civil contempt 
proceedings, to exclude violators from Indian 
land, and to use other appropriate mecha-
nisms, in matters arising anywhere in the 
Indian country (as defined in section 1151 of 
title 18, United States Code) of the Indian 
Tribe or otherwise within the authority of 
the Indian Tribe. 
SEC. 7. CONFORMING AMENDMENT. 
Section 3(1) of the NICS Improvement 
Amendments Act of 2007 (34 U.S.C. 40903(1)) is 
amended by striking ‘‘section 922(g)(8)’’ and 
inserting ‘‘paragraph (8) or (10) of section 
922(g)’’. 
SEC. 8. SEVERABILITY. 
If any provision of this Act, or an amend-
ment made by this Act, or the application of 
such 
provision 
to 
any 
person 
or 
cir-
cumstance, is held to be invalid, the remain-
der of this Act, or an amendment made by 
this Act, or the application of such provision 
to other persons or circumstances, shall not 
be affected. 
SEC. 9. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
This Act and the amendments made by 
this Act shall take effect on the date that is 
180 days after the date of enactment of this 
Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mrs. 
HAYES). The bill, as amended, shall be 
debatable for one hour equally divided 
and controlled by the Chair and rank-
ing minority member of the Committee 
on the Judiciary or their respective 
designees. 
The gentleman from New York (Mr. 
NADLER) and the gentleman from Ohio 
(Mr. JORDAN) will each control 30 min-
utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New York. 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members 
may have 5 legislative days in which to 
revise and extend their remarks and in-
sert extraneous material on H.R. 2377. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-
tleman from New York? 
There was no objection. 
Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Madam Speaker, over the past sev-
eral weeks, we have watched in horror 
as gun violence has touched commu-
nities across the country and dozens of 
people, young and old, have lost their 
lives. The details of each case may dif-
fer, each tragic in its own way, but 
there is one theme that comes up most 
often; someone deeply troubled, experi-
encing some sort of crisis, had easy ac-
cess to firearms. And all too often, the 
warning signs were clear, but nothing 
was done to keep guns out of their 
hands before it was too late. 
H.R. 2377, the Federal Extreme Risk 
Protection Order Act, provides a sen-
sible means by which someone who is 
exhibiting dangerous behavior can be 
prevented from possessing or pur-
chasing 
firearms 
before 
tragedy 
strikes. 
This legislation, introduced by Rep-
resentative LUCY MCBATH, authorizes 
Federal courts to issue an extreme risk 
protection order, or ERPO, temporarily 
removing firearms from a person in cri-
sis and preventing them from pur-
chasing firearms. This only occurs 
after the court determines that there is 
evidence demonstrating that the per-
son poses an imminent danger of injur-
ing himself, herself, or others. 
The bill also includes legislation by 
Representative SALUD CARBAJAL, which 
provides funding to States to enact 
ERPO statutes of their own. 
We know that extreme risk laws save 
lives. We have witnessed their effec-
tiveness in State after State, beginning 
in 2016, when California passed the first 
such law. Since then, 18 other States 
and the District of Columbia have en-
acted similar laws. 
An analysis of the first 3 years of 
California’s extreme risk law found 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:55 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00007
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A09JN7.004
H09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 6-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5420 
June 9, 2022 
that these orders were used for 58 mass 
shooting 
threats, 
including 
six 
in 
which a minor threatened to target a 
school. 
These orders were also used in re-
sponse to 82 threats of suicide, and 
they worked. No suicides occurred 
among individuals who were subject to 
the orders. 
Federal courts have long been bas-
tions of due process and, accordingly, 
this legislation includes strong due 
process provisions that strike the ap-
propriate balance between protecting 
the rights of the gun owner and ensur-
ing community safety. Every court 
that has reviewed laws similar to this 
bill has found that the procedural safe-
guards are sufficient. 
And as then-Seventh Circuit Judge 
Amy Coney Barrett wrote, ‘‘History is 
consistent with common sense: It dem-
onstrates that legislatures have the 
power to prohibit dangerous people 
from possessing guns.’’ 
Madam Speaker, the Constitution 
does not require us to wait until lives 
are lost. 
As we address the scourge of gun vio-
lence, a blight that killed 45,000 Ameri-
cans in 2020 alone, let us remember 
that there are no perfect solutions. We 
are painfully aware that we cannot do 
enough to save every life, and there is 
no one answer that will solve this prob-
lem. 
But we do know that taking guns out 
of the hands of people who pose a dan-
ger to themselves or others would save 
countless lives. This legislation would 
take meaningful steps to prevent gun 
violence tragedies in our communities 
while, at the same time, protecting the 
due process of rights of those individ-
uals in crisis. 
I thank Representatives MCBATH and 
CARBAJAL for their leadership on this 
issue. I urge all Members to support 
the bill, and I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. JORDAN. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from 
Louisiana (Mr. JOHNSON). 
Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Madam 
Speaker, I thank Mr. JORDAN for yield-
ing. 
You know, we have heard some re-
vealing things this week. It was just a 
few moments ago our colleague from 
Tennessee, Mr. COHEN, lectured us that 
the Old Testament doesn’t mention the 
word ‘‘guns’’ and so we shouldn’t claim 
that this is a fundamental freedom. 
You know, as usual, he misunderstands 
the point of Scripture and the Con-
stitution. 
Here is the thing: As Americans, we 
respect and we protect the unalienable, 
God-given right to self-protection and 
to the protection of innocent lives 
around us. 
President Biden said—among other 
outrageous things this week we have 
heard, President Biden said that he 
wanted to ban 9-millimeter handguns. 
That is one of the most widely owned 
handguns by law-abiding citizens in 
this country. 
Mr. CICILLINE of Rhode Island, now 
infamously in our committee hearing, 
exclaimed, ‘‘Spare me the’’ B.S.—that 
is not what he said—‘‘Spare me the’’ 
B.S. ‘‘about constitutional rights.’’ 
That is pretty revealing. 
Mr. JONES, in the same hearing, just 
a few moments later, he said that if 
Democrats don’t get their way on their 
gun control wish list, that they will 
abolish the filibuster and pack the Su-
preme Court. They are saying the quiet 
parts out loud. 
See, that wish list that they have in-
cludes taking away guns from Ameri-
cans without the constitutionally re-
quired due process of law, which is ex-
actly what this bill would do. It would 
allow the courts to take guns away 
from people without notice and with-
out even the right to appear in the 
hearing to defend themselves in court. 
Now, the other side is going to tell 
you, and you will hear in the argument 
here, hey, there is due process. Don’t 
worry about it, they will say, because 
people subjected to this process, they 
can just go to court and they can peti-
tion to get their firearms back. 
But I will let my colleagues in on 
something that every first-year law 
student learns: Due process after the 
fact is no due process at all. 
Now, the other side is also going to 
argue here—get ready for it—they are 
going to claim that they have come up 
with a reasonable compromise by just 
making these gun confiscation orders 
temporary. They will say it is only 
going to last 14 days. They won’t tell 
you that these orders can be renewed 
indefinitely. 
My Democrat colleagues are going to 
tell you that this bill will save lives. 
But if you look at the objective stud-
ies, the comprehensive studies on this, 
you will find that the red flag laws in 
all these States have had no significant 
effect on the rates of murder, suicide, 
or the number of people killed in mass 
public shootings. 
If this bill passes, people may have 
their information added to the national 
crime databases, even though they 
committed no crime. In what version of 
America do we think that is okay? 
The Democrats claim Republicans 
don’t care about gun violence. But 
while they may repeat this over and 
over and over, it doesn’t make it any 
more true. If you look at the record, 
House Republicans have worked tire-
lessly to combat gun violence by enact-
ing meaningful laws to put more re-
sources into mental health, to provide 
training for guidance counselors, and 
fund grants for law enforcement. 
The other side, meanwhile, is ac-
tively trying to defund police. And just 
last week, they voted against giving 
money to schools to enhance security. 
Democrats refused to work with us 
on legislation that would actually do 
something; that would actually reduce 
the rate of gun violence in this coun-
try. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. JORDAN. Madam Speaker, I 
yield the gentleman an additional 30 
seconds. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. And in-
stead, they are taking advantage of 
tragedies. That is what they are doing. 
They are taking advantage of tragedies 
to promote their agenda to destroy our 
constitutional rights, and it is shame-
ful. 
I will tell you this: When Republicans 
take back the majority next year, we 
will work to begin to address the root 
causes of the violence and the mayhem 
in our country. That day cannot come 
soon enough. 
Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman 
from Georgia (Mrs. MCBATH), the spon-
sor of the bill. 
Mrs. MCBATH. Madam Speaker, I 
rise today in support of my bill, the 
Federal Extremist Protection Order 
Act, a bill that would empower loved 
ones and law enforcement to help pre-
vent mass shootings before they hap-
pen. 
Every family in every community in 
our Nation deserves access to these 
lifesaving measures. No child, no par-
ent deserves to live in fear of gun vio-
lence. 
And we are paying for it. We are pay-
ing for this gun violence every single 
day. Day after day, hour after hour, we 
are paying for the weapons of war on 
our streets with the blood of our chil-
dren in our schools. 
We are paying for the unfettered ac-
cess with mothers and fathers waiting 
in line for a DNA test, forced to find 
out if it is their child that is riddled 
with bullets and maimed beyond rec-
ognition; if it is their child whose blood 
now blankets the floor of the classroom 
where they should be learning math 
and science and English. 
We are paying for this deadly gun 
culture with the lives of American peo-
ple; with the lives of those that we in 
this body took an oath to protect. 
The American people are absolutely 
exhausted. We cannot continue to be 
the only country in the world where we 
let gun violence happen again and 
again and again. An entire generation 
is growing up learning that the adults 
that they look up to cannot, or rather, 
choose not to protect them. 
Now, we all agree that this status 
quo is unacceptable. We all understand 
that the murder of our children cannot 
continue. We need policies that will 
give our law enforcement the tools 
that they need, the tools they have 
asked for to help keep guns out of the 
hands of those who are a danger to 
themselves or to others. 
How many more victims are we going 
to memorialize? 
What rights do our children have as 
they grow in our lives and in our 
hearts? 
Parents across the country, in every 
State, in every community, know the 
fear that accompanies the love that we 
have for our children. It is a primal 
fear, a helpless fear, a love so deep that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:24 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00008
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.007
H09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 7-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5421 
June 9, 2022 
we worry and wonder every day where 
is my child? Are they safe? Are they 
going to make it home today? 
Don’t our parents have the right to 
send their kids off to school without 
the fear of them not coming home? 
Don’t our children have the right to 
live free from the trauma that only 
stepping over a friend covered in blood 
could ever bring? 
How many more parents must receive 
the phone call that I did when I was 
told that my son was murdered; the 
phone call that confirms that fear that 
my child is dead and that I was unable 
to protect him; the phone call that 
leads you to cry out to God in your 
grief? 
Was my child afraid? Did he feel pain 
as the bullets ripped through his skin? 
Did he know he was loved more than he 
could ever imagine? 
We can do better than that. We must 
be better than this. We cannot be the 
only nation in the world where our 
children are torn apart on Tuesday and 
their deaths are gone from the news 
cycle by Wednesday. 
And that is why, in the decade since 
my son was taken from me by a man 
with a gun, simply for playing loud 
music in his car, that I made a promise 
to Jordan and to my community, and 
to the American people, a promise that 
I would continue to fight this battle for 
the rest of my life, the fight to make 
sure that not one more parent is forced 
to join this ever-growing club, the club 
that no mother or no father ever wants 
to be a part of. 
I promised that I would take all of 
the devotion as a mother that I have 
for my child, all the love that I poured 
out of my soul into my child, that I 
would do everything in my power to 
keep Jordan’s community safe; yes, 
you, my community; that the time 
would come where we would be able to 
make a difference in the lives of our 
children and our children’s children, 
and this is that time. This is that mo-
ment. 
We are facing a challenge of our life-
time on the issue of our era. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, I 
yield the gentlewoman an extra 30 sec-
onds. 
Mrs. MCBATH. This is that time. 
This is that moment. We are facing the 
challenge of our lifetime. This is the 
issue of our era, and today, we must 
vote with the majority of American 
people that agree with us. 
We vote to provide law enforcement 
and family members the tools that 
they need to prevent these mass shoot-
ings. We vote to save lives. We vote to 
do what is right. We vote to stop the 
uniquely American horror that is rip-
ping our families apart. 
God bless us. And I ask God to cover 
us in doing the right thing. 
Mr. JORDAN. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman 
from Arizona (Mrs. LESKO). 
b 0930 
Mrs. LESKO. Madam Speaker, I 
thank Representative JORDAN for yield-
ing time. 
I rise in opposition to H.R. 2377. I 
have five grandchildren. I would do 
anything—anything—to 
protect 
my 
five grandchildren, including, as a last 
resort, shooting someone if I had to, to 
protect the lives of my grandchildren. 
Democrat bills that we have heard 
this week want to take away my 
right—my right—to protect my grand-
children. They want to take away the 
rights of law-abiding citizens to pro-
tect their own children and grand-
children and wives and brothers and 
sisters. This bill takes away due proc-
ess from law-abiding citizens. 
Can you imagine if you had a dis-
gruntled ex or somebody who hates you 
because of your political views, and 
they go to a judge and say, ‘‘Oh, this 
person 
is 
dangerous’’? 
That 
judge 
would take away their guns, lean on 
the side of conservatism and take away 
their guns, without that person even 
having knowledge that there was a 
court hearing that would take away 
their guns. This is wrong. 
When Republicans were in the major-
ity, we actually passed legislation that 
was signed into law that would have 
prevented mass shootings. These bills 
will not. We need to join together, Re-
publicans and Democrats. I hope they 
can do it in the Senate and get some-
thing done that actually saves chil-
dren’s lives. 
Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, I in-
clude in the RECORD a June 7, 2022, 
Washington Post article titled ‘‘No, 
red-flag gun laws don’t violate due 
process rights.’’ 
[From the Washington Post] 
NO, RED-FLAG GUN LAWS DON’T VIOLATE DUE 
PROCESS RIGHTS 
SUCH
LAWS, ALSO
KNOWN
AS ‘EXTREME-RISK 
PROTECTION ORDERS,’ ARE POPULAR AND ARE 
EMBRACED
BY
SOME
REPUBLICAN
POLITI-
CIANS. BUT SOME GUN-RIGHTS ACTIVISTS SAY 
THEY VIOLATE THE FIFTH AND FOURTEENTH 
AMENDMENTS. 
(Perspective by Joseph Blocher and Jake 
Charles, June 7, 2022) 
‘‘Red flag’’ laws, which allow guns to be 
temporarily taken from people who pose a 
risk of harm to themselves or others, are one 
of the few gun-safety regulations that cur-
rently have bipartisan support. ‘‘Tm gen-
erally inclined to think some kind of red-flag 
law is a good idea,’’ Sen. ROY BLUNT (R–Mo.) 
said last week, after the school shooting in 
Uvalde, Texas. Key senators have told re-
porters it’s possible an agreement could be 
reached this week on legislation that would 
include a provision incentivizing more states 
to pass such laws. 
There is strong popular support for red-flag 
laws—also known as extreme-risk laws—in 
both parties, and more than a dozen states 
have adopted them in the past few years 
alone (bringing the total to 19 plus the Dis-
trict of Columbia). Social science research 
suggests that they work, most strikingly in 
preventing gun suicides. 
So what prevents their wider adoption, in-
cluding at the federal level? Some gun-rights 
advocates and their allies in Congress say 
they violate the due process clauses of the 
Fifth and Fourteenth Amendments. ‘‘Depriv-
ing citizens of Life, Liberty, or Property, 
without Due Process, is a clear violation of 
our Constitution,’’ Rep. THOMAS MASSIE (R– 
Ky.) tweeted last week. ‘‘Every member of 
Congress swears an oath to ‘support and de-
fend’ the Constitution. Voting for, or intro-
ducing, Red Flag Laws is a blatant violation 
of that oath.’’ 
But such criticisms are off base. Politi-
cians considering red-flag laws, whether in 
Congress or state legislatures, should do so 
based on an accurate understanding of what 
the Constitution requires. It indeed guaran-
tees ‘‘due process of law’’ whenever the gov-
ernment seeks to deprive a person of ‘‘life, 
liberty, or property.’’ But the basic design of 
existing extreme-risk laws is fully consistent 
with constitutional commands, as we showed 
in a recent law review article. 
In the states where they exist, here’s how 
red-flag laws work: A limited set of people— 
law enforcement officers, family or house-
hold members, and sometimes others—can 
petition a judge to issue an ‘‘extreme-risk 
protection order’’ (ERPO) requiring a person 
to temporarily surrender his or her firearms 
and refrain from acquiring new ones. De-
pending on the state, the burden of proof the 
petitioner must meet (to establish that the 
gun owner indeed presents a risk) varies 
from ‘‘probable cause’’ to ‘‘clear and con-
vincing’’ evidence. If the petition is success-
ful, the court can enter a short-term emer-
gency ERPO, usually lasting two weeks or 
less. In many cases, that’s all that is need-
ed—the crisis can be averted. A longer-term 
ERPO can only be entered after a full hear-
ing at which the petitioner again bears the 
burden of proof, usually at a higher thresh-
old, and at which the gun owner can contest 
the order. 
If there is a constitutional flaw in this 
basic structure, it has apparently escaped 
notice of the entire United States judiciary: 
Courts have unanimously rejected Second 
Amendment and due process challenges to 
ERPO laws, and for good reason. 
Perhaps surprisingly, the Second Amend-
ment has not been the focus of the constitu-
tional complaints. That’s because even ar-
dent Second Amendment defenders like Jus-
tice Amy Coney Barrett recognize that ‘‘leg-
islatures have the power to prohibit dan-
gerous people from possessing guns’’—as Bar-
rett wrote in 2019 case, when she was a judge 
on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh 
Circuit. Courts reviewing extreme-risk laws 
have upheld them on that very basis. In 2016, 
for example, a Connecticut appellate court 
relied on U.S. Supreme Court precedent in 
holding that Connecticut’s statute ‘‘does not 
implicate the second amendment, as it does 
not restrict the right oflawabiding, respon-
sible citizens to use arms in defense of their 
homes.’’ 
The crux of the political debate has there-
fore focused on due process—although due- 
process challenges to red-flag laws have 
fared no better. Nor should they have. A 
prime complaint about red-flag laws is that 
they allow an order to issue before the gun 
owner has an opportunity to contest the evi-
dence, but the Supreme Court has long rec-
ognized that there are ‘‘extraordinary situa-
tions where some valid governmental inter-
est is at stake that justifies postponing the 
hearing until after the event,’’ as Justice 
John Marshall Harlan II wrote in a 1971 case. 
Examples include restraining orders filed by 
one domestic partner against another, civil 
commitments for mental illness and the 
temporary removal of children from parental 
custody in emergency situations (for in-
stance, when there are credible allegations 
of abuse). In situations like these, delaying 
urgent action until after a full hearing can 
lead to catastrophic outcomes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:24 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00009
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.008
H09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 8-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5422 
June 9, 2022 
Given that the Constitution allows emer-
gency action to temporarily remove a per-
son’s child before a full hearing, it’s hard to 
argue that it prohibits emergency action to 
temporarily remove a person’s guns. Quite 
simply, the Constitution does not require so-
ciety to wait until the trigger is pulled. 
Though they vary in their particulars, ex-
isting extreme-risk laws contain several im-
portant procedural safeguards that the Su-
preme Court has recognized help to forestall 
abuse and ensure due process. They impose 
the burden on the petitioner to convince an 
independent third party; they guarantee ac-
tive judicial oversight and provide a prompt 
hearing focusing on the degree of risk; and 
many states provide specific criminal pen-
alties for filing false or harassing extreme- 
risk petitions (in addition to existing punish-
ments for perjury). 
Understanding 
constitutional 
require-
ments is important not only for lawyers and 
judges, but for those debating gun regulation 
in public discourse. Time and again, argu-
ments based on misunderstandings of the 
Constitution have been used to derail reason-
able gun regulation. After Sandy Hook, for 
example, 
an 
overwhelming 
majority 
of 
Americans wanted to expand the existing 
system of background checks for gun sales. 
Of the minority opposed—some strongly so— 
the most common reason was that doing so 
would violate the Second Amendment, yet 
that position has no support in legal doc-
trine. 
We should not once again make the mis-
take of blaming the Constitution for inac-
tion on gun laws. The structure of extreme- 
risk laws is entirely consistent with not only 
the 
Second 
Amendment 
but 
also 
the 
consitutional guarantee of due process. 
Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, I 
want to excoriate as absolute nonsense, 
pernicious nonsense, what we just 
heard from Mr. JOHNSON, from Mrs. 
LESKO, and what I presume we will 
hear for the rest of the debate on this 
bill. 
Red flag laws are in effect in 19 
States and the District of Columbia. 
Every court that has considered them 
has found them constitutional. Every 
court has said that they meet the re-
quirements of procedural due process— 
every single court. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to 
the gentlewoman from California (Ms. 
PELOSI), the Speaker of the House. 
Ms. 
PELOSI. 
Madam 
Speaker, 
I 
thank the gentleman for yielding, and 
I thank him for bringing his superior 
knowledge of our Constitution and the 
law of the land to bear in this impor-
tant debate for the children. 
Yesterday, as we had the debate on so 
many other pieces of legislation which 
passed with bipartisan support, we said 
it was of the children, by the children, 
and for the children. ‘‘Of them’’ be-
cause they are suffering. ‘‘By them’’ 
because they are testifying in the Con-
gress of the United States, apparently 
to no avail to some in the Congress, 
but making an emotional appeal of the 
facts of their case to the American peo-
ple, and again, all of it for the children. 
The Protecting Our Kids Act, I thank 
the chairman for bringing that to the 
floor. The legislation passed yesterday. 
It has strong steps to save lives, wheth-
er it is raising the age to purchase 
weapons of war, outlawing bump stocks 
and high-capacity magazines designed 
for mass murder, cracking down on gun 
trafficking 
and 
ghost 
guns, 
and 
strengthening safe storage require-
ments, to name just a few. 
Today, the House builds on this 
progress by passing our Federal Ex-
treme Risk Protection Order Act, an-
other lifesaving measure aimed at pre-
venting the next tragic shooting before 
it is too late. 
Too often, what we know is that 
those who pose a risk of gun violence 
show early warning signs: a menacing 
message online, a troubled message to 
a loved one. Yet, in too many commu-
nities across the country, concerned 
family members, friends, and law en-
forcement have no legal pathway to get 
deadly weapons out of the hands of 
these troubled individuals. 
Under the leadership of Congress-
woman LUCY MCBATH, the House will 
pass a bill empowering family members 
and law enforcement to seek a Federal 
court order to temporarily remove ac-
cess to a gun from individuals who pose 
a threat to themselves and to others. 
Thanks to the leadership of Congress-
man SALUD CARBAJAL, this legislation 
will include incentives to encourage 
more States to adopt extreme risk pro-
tection order laws of their own. The in-
centives exist in many States, but not 
all. 
Doing so will not only protect from 
mass shootings but also from the quiet 
daily massacre by suicide and gun 
crimes. These so-called red flag laws by 
some are saving lives in the 19 States 
and, as was mentioned, the District of 
Columbia, where they have been en-
acted. The statistics show that. 
The American people are overwhelm-
ingly for this lifesaving measure. Re-
cent polling shows 8 in 10 Americans 
support it. 
Madam Speaker, as you know, and 
you have experienced it in your State, 
gun violence in our Nation has reached 
a fever pitch in recent weeks. People 
keep saying again and again and again 
that we have gun violence. I would say 
it is not again and again and again; it 
is always. It is not one after another; it 
is ongoing, whether it is mass murders 
that are high profile or every night in 
cities and places across our country. 
Sadly, too many Members think, in 
the wake of gun violence, a moment of 
silence is sufficient—a moment of si-
lence. As Mr. HIGGINS said following 
the Buffalo massacre, we have a mo-
ment of silence, and then we must have 
action—and then we must have action. 
Today, all Members have a chance to 
take action, to vote for another strong 
step, giving our communities a chance 
to prevent the next massacre. The next 
massacre could be a family tragedy, so 
it is personal as well as community 
protection. 
Indeed, if you knew where and when 
the next gun incident would be, how 
could you oppose having the tools to 
possibly stop it? If you knew that chil-
dren could possibly be exposed because 
of the action of someone practically a 
child themselves, still a teenager, hav-
ing access to a weapon of war, why 
wouldn’t you want to take action to 
stop it? 
I urge all of my colleagues on both 
sides of the aisle to join us in a strong 
bipartisan ‘‘aye’’ vote for this legisla-
tion. In States across the country, this 
is not partisan at all. Let’s hope that it 
will not be in the House of Representa-
tives. 
At the same time, we remain very 
prayerful and hopeful that the Senate 
will soon reach bipartisan agreement 
so that we will move a step closer to 
freeing our children from the horrors of 
gun violence, once and for all—our 
children, whether it is violence to them 
or violence to their parents and family 
members. 
For the children, of the children, by 
the children, that is our mission. I urge 
an ‘‘aye’’ vote. 
Mr. JORDAN. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 11⁄2
minutes to the gentleman 
from Virginia (Mr. GOOD). 
Mr. GOOD of Virginia. Madam Speak-
er, one of the most fundamental, God- 
given rights that we possess, which is 
uniquely protected in our American 
Constitution, is the right to keep and 
bear arms for self-defense and to ensure 
that we remain a free people. 
We have seen under this administra-
tion, supported by the Democrat ma-
jority in this Congress, an unprece-
dented trampling on the basic rights of 
American citizens over the past 2 
years. Our most precious freedoms to 
assemble together, to go where you 
want, to worship as you choose, to earn 
a living or operate your business, to 
keep your job or your employees, what 
you have to wear on your face, and 
whether or not you are required to re-
ceive a vaccine that you may not want 
or may not need all trampled upon by 
Democrats in power. 
Democrats simply do not believe in 
the inalienable rights of American citi-
zens to life, liberty, and the pursuit of 
happiness. They believe that your 
rights come from government, and 
they, therefore, have the right to take 
them away. 
The 
guarantee 
provided 
by 
our 
Founders to ensure we remain free 
from foreign invasion and, yes, as our 
Founders clearly warned us, from an 
oppressive government like we see in 
Canada, Australia, and the Democrats’ 
beloved Communist China is the con-
stitutional right of law-abiding citizens 
to be armed as they choose. 
Over and over, the Founders affirmed 
and reiterated that Congress has no 
power—no power—to limit the right of 
lawful citizens to arm themselves. H.R. 
2377 would create a nationwide system 
of red flag laws, undermining the con-
stitutional guarantee of due process, 
which is required before depriving any 
American of their Second Amendment 
right. 
Mrs. MCBATH. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from 
California (Mr. CARBAJAL). 
Mr. CARBAJAL. Madam Speaker, I 
thank 
Representative 
MCBATH
for 
yielding time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:55 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00010
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A09JN7.006
H09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 9-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5423 
June 9, 2022 
Madam Speaker, 8 years ago, my own 
community of Isla Vista near UC Santa 
Barbara saw firsthand the horror and 
the trauma that a mass shooting 
brings. In 8 years since that attack, we 
have stood in solidarity with other 
communities reeling from the hundreds 
of mass shootings in our schools, our 
shopping malls, our houses of worship, 
and our Main Streets. 
Madam Speaker, I share the outrage 
and frustration of the majority of 
Americans and many of my colleagues 
here in Congress that there are some in 
Congress who have kept us from doing 
our job to protect children by blocking 
commonsense gun safety measures. 
I stand before you today as the au-
thor of a gun safety measure that has 
enjoyed bipartisan support, that has 
been implemented in Republican- and 
Democratic-led States alike, and that 
has been proven to reduce gun deaths 
and stop mass shootings before they 
happen. I am speaking about extreme 
risk protection orders or, as they are 
more commonly known, red flag laws. 
These laws are simple. If an indi-
vidual is showing signs that they may 
be a danger to themselves or others, a 
police officer or a family member can, 
through due process, go to a judge and 
request an extreme risk protection 
order, which temporarily bars that per-
son from owning or purchasing a fire-
arm. These laws are already on the 
books in 19 States and the District of 
Columbia, and in those places, they 
have saved lives. 
Part of the reason these laws work is 
because warning signs of mass shoot-
ings are not as rare as you might 
think. In fact, a U.S. study of school 
violence found that the majority of in-
cidents come with clear warning signs, 
which we have seen before in some of 
our most infamous school shootings: 
Columbine, Sandy Hook, Parkland, and 
even Uvalde. 
That is why, in the wake of these 
tragedies, Republican- and Democratic- 
led States have approved red flag laws 
that have gone on to intervene in thou-
sands of potentially violent attacks be-
fore they happen. 
Florida residents, for example, have 
used ERPOs more than 8,000 times 
since they implemented their red flag 
law after the Parkland shooting. Cali-
fornia implemented their red flag law 
after the UCSB Isla Vista attack in my 
community. 
Police officers have used it to pre-
vent numerous workplace attacks and 
other violent incidents. These red flag 
laws are also critical to reducing the 
largest form of gun deaths in our coun-
try, suicide by firearm. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mrs. MCBATH. Madam Speaker, I 
yield the gentleman an additional 30 
seconds. 
b 0945 
Mr. CARBAJAL. Madam Speaker, as 
someone who lost one of my own sib-
lings to suicide by a gun, I personally 
am proud to stand in this Chamber 
today in her memory, Carmen, to see 
my bill come to a vote. 
This measure is popular, bipartisan, 
and common sense. That may be why 
Republican Senators have introduced 
similar legislation in the past, to 
incentivize States to expand red flag 
laws and support States that already 
have them. 
There is no bill that we can pass that 
would be the panacea to solve our vio-
lence overnight, but with this measure 
and those that we passed yesterday, we 
can make a major difference. We need 
to do this now. 
Mr. JORDAN. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from 
California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK). 
Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Madam Speaker, 
Alexis de Tocqueville said that the de-
fining trait of socialism is ‘‘a profound 
opposition to personal liberty and 
scorn for individual reason, a complete 
contempt for the individual.’’ 
Socialists are hostile to our Bill of 
Rights specifically because it protects 
the individual against the State by 
guaranteeing our most fundamental 
rights and the means to defend them, 
and the guarantee that we can’t be de-
prived of them except through due 
process of law. 
You have the right to have your day 
in court, to face your accuser, to 
present evidence on your behalf, to 
contest the charges brought against 
you. 
Now, if someone is adjudged to be 
dangerously mentally ill, of course 
they should not have access to firearms 
or 
to 
any 
other 
weapons. 
They 
shouldn’t be on the street where they 
can do harm at all. They should be con-
fined, during the course of their illness, 
so they can be treated and not endan-
ger themselves or others. 
We already have commitment proce-
dures that address this in concert with 
our Constitution. In that process, you 
appear before a judge, you can know 
the charges, you can face your accuser, 
you can plead your case, and you can 
present evidence on your own behalf in 
open court. 
But not under this bill. Under this 
bill, an anonymous accuser, including a 
jilted date or an ex-roommate, can 
trigger a secret proceeding that you 
don’t even know is happening until the 
police show up at your door to strip 
you of your Second Amendment right 
to self-defense, and the burden then 
falls on you to try and restore it. 
And it won’t stop here. The left has 
already branded speech they disagree 
with as dangerous. 
But they are right about one thing. 
This is an extreme risk bill. It is an ex-
treme risk to our most fundamental in-
dividual rights as Americans. 
Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Republican speakers obviously have 
more regard for their politics and for 
the National Rifle Association than 
they do for the lives of our children. 
We see that every moment here, when 
they keep repeating the words that 
this is unconstitutional, when courts 
in 18 States and the District of Colum-
bia have found them constitutional, 
and Supreme Court Justice Amy Coney 
Barrett, on the 7th Circuit, said: His-
tory is consistent with common sense. 
It demonstrates that legislatures have 
the power to prohibit dangerous people 
from possessing guns. 
So I don’t think we should hear lec-
tures on Democrats don’t care about 
due process. We do. We also care about 
children’s lives. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to 
the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. 
CICILLINE), a member of the Judiciary 
Committee. 
Mr. CICILLINE. Madam Speaker, I 
rise today in strong support of the Fed-
eral Extreme Risk Protection Order 
Act. Before the Emanuel church shoot-
ing, before the Uvalde, El Paso, and 
Parkland shootings and so many oth-
ers, shooters showed warning signs or 
even flat out said what they were going 
to do. 
Before many die by suicide by gun, 
they show warning signs that they may 
be a danger to themselves. 
In these situations, there is often evi-
dence that something terrible is going 
to happen. We know it, we can even ar-
ticulate it, but we are often powerless 
to stop it. 
This bill remedies this situation. 
This bill would help prevent individ-
uals who pose an imminent threat to 
themselves or others from accessing 
firearms, by allowing law enforcement 
and family members to file a court pe-
tition in Federal court to tempo-
rarily—temporarily—block 
dangerous 
individuals’ access to guns. 
Despite the claim that this bill in-
vades due process, this is absolutely 
false. It is a thinly veiled attempt to 
prevent any and all regulations of fire-
arms in this country. As the chairman 
has said, it has been found constitu-
tional. There is a hearing before the 
seizure with a judge, with witnesses, 
testimony under oath, affidavits. The 
judge makes a finding. It happens all 
the time in domestic violence cases. 
These guns can only be taken away 
for a temporary period after a hearing 
with a judge, who determines on bal-
ance that it is necessary to do so for 
the safety of the gun owner or the com-
munity. 
This bill is so common sense. It has 
historically been bipartisan. The last 
Republican President supported it, in-
troduced by Senator LINDSEY GRAHAM 
in the Senate. 
I thank Congresswoman MCBATH. Our 
Republican colleagues this morning 
have been talking about their passion 
for the Second Amendment, their devo-
tion to the right to bear arms. If only 
for a moment they showed the same de-
votion, the same commitment to pre-
serving the life of young people, the 
right to live a life free from gun vio-
lence, to go to a movie theater or 
church or synagogue and not worry 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:26 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00011
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.012
H09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 10-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5424 
June 9, 2022 
about their life and their liberty be-
cause they are gunned down by some-
one who shouldn’t have a firearm. 
This is absolutely the most common-
sense proposal that will come before 
Congress on guns. Keep them out of the 
hands of people who are dangerous to 
themselves and others. For God’s sake, 
vote for this bill. 
Mr. JORDAN. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from 
Florida (Mr. GAETZ). 
Mr. 
GAETZ. 
Madam 
Speaker, 
if 
House 
Democrats 
were so worried 
about violence, they wouldn’t open the 
borders, open the prisons, and then dis-
arm law-abiding Americans who want 
to protect themselves and protect their 
families. 
Chairman NADLER says that Repub-
licans shouldn’t lecture about constitu-
tional rights, but it was the last Demo-
crat speaker, Mr. CICILLINE, who in the 
House Judiciary Committee said, Spare 
me the bullshit about constitutional 
rights. So pardon us for standing up for 
the Constitution and the very due proc-
ess that ensures that we are able to 
have a civil, functioning society in this 
country. 
Speaker PELOSI asks the question: 
Well, if you knew when the next act of 
violence would be, why wouldn’t you 
want to stop it? What is this, the 
United States Congress, or the plot for 
the movie ‘‘Minority Report’’? 
The best you could ever hope to have 
in terms of warning is what we had in 
the Parkland case, where a neighbor 
saw Nikolas Cruz preparing for a school 
shooting, called the FBI, and because 
they were so focused on the bureauc-
racy, they didn’t take action. 
That is why I am against federalizing 
the regular police and it is why I am 
against federalizing the school police, 
because the more the FBI was involved, 
the more they botched the case, and 
maybe there are people dead who didn’t 
need to be. 
These red flag laws violate our Sec-
ond 
Amendment 
rights, 
our 
Fifth 
Amendment rights, and when they are 
done at the national level, they violate 
our Tenth Amendment rights. It is 
crazy that we are considering legisla-
tion to bribe the States to take rights 
away from our fellow Americans, and it 
is nuts that Republicans in the Senate, 
the very Republicans who say they are 
the classic, liberty-minded conserv-
atives, they are now working with 
Democrats on this very endeavor to 
Federalize the school police and to en-
gage in this bribery for the sake of dep-
rivation of rights. 
Let me give you this warning, my 
friends: It is no victory, as Mr. 
CARBAJAL
said, that in my beloved 
Florida we have used red flag laws 8,000 
times. There weren’t 8,000 school shoot-
ers we stopped, probably not even 8,000 
criminals. 
What we do see is that these red flag 
laws are used in divorce proceedings, 
they are used in every type of dispute 
and shouldn’t be a cudgel that way. We 
will stand up for their rights. That is 
no bullshit; we will. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-
bers are reminded not to use profanity 
on the floor of the House of Represent-
atives. 
Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the distinguished 
gentleman 
from 
Tennessee 
(Mr. 
COHEN), a member of the Judiciary 
Committee. 
Mr. COHEN. Madam Speaker, since 
the massacre in Newtown, Connecticut, 
about 10 years ago, we have not en-
acted any substantive firearm restric-
tions to prevent children from being 
slaughtered in our schools. 
In fact, not since the massacre of 
first graders and their educators at 
Sandy Hook, but in the 20 years since 
the shooting at Columbine, we have 
not enacted any new meaningful re-
strictions on firearms. 
We have an obligation to protect our 
constituents, and we have a responsi-
bility to keep the American people 
safe. 
After each of these instances, we 
hear from our friends across the aisle 
that we must address mental health. I 
agree. But we must prevent those who 
are intent on harming themselves or 
others from having access to dangerous 
weapons and carrying out their intent. 
That is why I support this thoughtful 
proposal balancing public safety and 
the individual’s right to due process. 
Let’s just take the massacre in 
Uvalde. Should there have been a law 
in place in Texas, a red flag law, per-
haps the gunman could have been 
stopped. There were plenty of warning 
signs, including the gunman with pic-
tures of a cat he had killed and his fre-
quent online threats to teen girls. 
As chairman of the Subcommittee on 
the Constitution, Civil Rights, and 
Civil Liberties, I take the due process 
clause seriously. In this legislation, a 
court would need to make an individ-
ualized determination, looking at spe-
cific facts before issuing an order. A 
full hearing is required in 72 hours, 
where the party can have personal at-
tendance and object. 
This legislation is absolutely nec-
essary, and I urge all my colleagues to 
support it. We have a moral obligation 
to act. 
Yesterday, this body, with a bipar-
tisan vote, adopted the Protecting Our 
Kids Act, which would make meaning-
ful updates to our Nation’s gun laws. 
We must go further, I believe, and reen-
act the assault weapons bans. 
These bills would make a meaningful 
difference in gun violence in the United 
States and save American lives. God 
would not look kindly upon the use of 
weapons to kill his children, as hap-
pened in Uvalde, Texas. 
Our votes are not political calcula-
tions; they are obligations. We have a 
duty to protect God’s children. 
Mr. JORDAN. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 11⁄2 minutes to the gentlewoman 
from Michigan (Mrs. MCCLAIN). 
Mrs. MCCLAIN. Madam Speaker, I 
think what we need, again, is a little 
truth, transparency, and consistency. 
I will share, as a mother of four, I re-
sent the fact that you tell me that I 
don’t care about children. In fact, when 
you have soft-on-crime policies, I need 
my Second Amendment right to pro-
tect my own children because the soft- 
on-crime policies don’t help. 
During these debates, on these un-
constitutional—you know the thing we 
all took an oath to uphold—gun bills, 
the Democrats have been making the 
claim, well, if you can’t buy alcohol or 
cigarettes, you shouldn’t be able to buy 
an AR–15. 
All right. Let’s stick with that con-
cept. Here is a concept: Apply it 
throughout every form. But let’s talk 
about a couple of things that the 
Democrats feel you are mature enough 
to do under the age of 18. Because, once 
again, their standards clearly aren’t 
consistent. What a concept, to be con-
sistent. 
Democrats believe that under the age 
of 18, you should be able to get an abor-
tion. While you are at it, don’t even 
talk to your parents about it. 
Under the age of 18, Democrats think 
you should be able to change your sex 
without notifying parents. 
At 18, you can vote. 
At 18, you can join the military and 
lay your life on the line for this coun-
try. 
And I bet they think that the 18- 
year-old Buffalo shooter is actually 
mature enough to be charged as an 
adult, right? 
So, again, let’s have some consist-
ency in our standards. 
Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman 
from Pennsylvania (Ms. DEAN), a mem-
ber of the Judiciary Committee. 
Ms. DEAN. Madam Speaker, do we 
not hear the cries of the fourth grader 
in Uvalde who said, ‘‘All of my friends 
are dead’’? 
Would you like to do something 
about gun slaughter in this country? 
Then join us. 
One commonsense way we can do this 
is by passing my friend and colleague, 
Congresswoman MCBATH’s, Federal Ex-
treme Risk Protection Order Act, red 
flag laws. 
We know that in 46 percent of shoot-
ings, the attacker expressed interest in 
harming others. There was a cry for 
help, a warning. Someone knew that 
violence could erupt. Someone had the 
ability to intervene. We have a respon-
sibility to intervene. 
Representative MCBATH’s bill would 
do just that, intervene when someone 
is a risk to themselves or others. We do 
not have to live this way. Fearful for 
our children at school, at movies, the 
grocery store, or the TLA on South 
Street in Philadelphia. 
We do not have to live this way, and 
we don’t want to: 79 percent of Ameri-
cans support red flag laws and 67 per-
cent of gun owners. 
Stop sentencing our children to hav-
ing to lament that all of their friends 
are dead. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:26 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00012
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.013
H09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 11-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5425 
June 9, 2022 
b 1000 
Mr. JORDAN. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from 
Ohio (Mr. WENSTRUP). 
Mr. WENSTRUP. Madam Speaker, 
next week will mark 5 years since the 
fateful morning on the baseball field 
where 136 rounds were fired in an at-
tack on Republicans. Only by the grace 
of God were 20 or more of my Repub-
lican colleagues and staff not killed by 
a crazed terrorist wielding guns on 
that baseball field. So this is not a the-
oretical exercise for many of us on this 
side of the aisle. 
I say this not to take away from the 
tragedies that any one of us has experi-
enced, but to highlight the good people 
on both sides of this issue can bring 
our personal experiences to the debate 
and may see things differently, while 
both condemning violence and wanting 
to act. 
When I reflect on that day, it is not 
about the weapon. It is about the per-
son, the evil person that is on the other 
side of that weapon. It was guns that 
stopped that killer—two undercover 
Capitol police officers. They were only 
there 
because 
STEVE
SCALISE
was 
there. And he got hit. Otherwise, that 
terrorist could have easily assassinated 
20 to 30 Members of Congress and staff. 
Clearly, there are people I don’t want 
to have a gun in their hands but we 
can’t ignore the hate, the evil that is 
gripping too many in our country 
today. We have laws against murder. 
Yet, we see murder. 
If my little daughter hits her big 
brother, I want to know why. I don’t 
blame the stick in her hand. As a phy-
sician, common sense tells me that if 
we don’t look at the events in some-
one’s life that lead to the thoughts and 
the feelings that then lead to this hor-
rific murderous behavior, then we are 
doing our society a grave injustice. 
And that is what is happening. We have 
seen this movie before. 
Did these laws change the disturbing 
trends that we are seeing? Previous 
bans have made no difference. It has 
been proven. Many of our communities 
have gun laws and have even more 
homicides than ever. 
We as Americans need to do some se-
rious soul-searching about ourselves 
because something serious has changed 
in our society over the last several dec-
ades. 
Is it the absence of God? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. JORDAN. Madam Speaker, I 
yield an additional 30 seconds to the 
gentleman. 
Mr. WENSTRUP. Madam Speaker, we 
had a public school in my district that 
was forced by the left and the courts to 
take down ‘‘thou shalt not kill’’ from 
in front of the schools. 
Is it the breakdown of the family, the 
disruption of the community, the im-
plosion of the village? Or is it the de-
struction of our mental health system, 
which, unfortunately, turned everyone 
onto the streets instead of reforming 
our institutions? 
It could be all these things and many 
more, but until America is willing to 
take a long, hard look at ourselves and 
heal what truly ails us, I fear we are 
simply doomed to repeat what we have 
done in the past and we are doing here 
today. 
Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the distinguished 
gentleman from California (Mr. THOMP-
SON), chairman of the Gun Violence 
Prevention Task Force. 
Mr. 
THOMPSON 
of 
California. 
Madam Speaker, I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in strong sup-
port of this legislation and thank Con-
gresswoman MCBATH and Congressman 
CARBAJAL for the great work they have 
done to put this together. 
Red flag laws are supported by a ma-
jority of Americans and nearly 70 per-
cent of gun owners. Red flag laws pro-
vide an opportunity for an intervention 
if someone demonstrates that they are 
a danger to themselves or to others. 
California’s red flag laws have been 
used 21 times to prevent mass shoot-
ings. 
The bill we are considering today was 
originally 
authored 
by 
Senator 
LINDSEY GRAHAM, a Republican, and is 
very similar to the Florida red flag bill 
that was signed by then-Governor RICK 
SCOTT, also a Republican, and today a 
U.S. Senator. Neither of those two 
have 
ever 
been 
accused 
of 
being 
antigun or anti-Constitution. 
We know red flag laws save lives and 
we know the issues raised by the other 
side of the aisle are a stretch at best. If 
someone files a false complaint, they 
are subject to a $5,000 fine and 5 years 
in jail. This bill will save lives, and I 
urge you to vote ‘‘yes.’’ 
The only real question is how much 
more bloodshed is needed to spur us to 
do the right thing and help us keep our 
kids and our communities safe. 
Please vote ‘‘yes’’ on this bill. 
Mr. JORDAN. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from 
Ohio (Mr. DAVIDSON). 
Mr. DAVIDSON. Madam Speaker, 
from the debate and from the whole 
premise of this red flag law proposal, 
you would think that there was no 
such way to deal with this problem in 
America. It has been pointed out that 
19 States have red flag laws already, 
but there are 50 States that already 
have a way to have someone adju-
dicated minimally dangerous. 
Every single State, the premise that 
we can identify somebody who might 
pose a risk to themselves or others is 
the whole premise why red flag laws 
might work. But that is the same 
premise that allows Baker Acts to 
work in every single State and Wash-
ington, D.C. 
The difference is that the person 
charged, the person accused of being 
this mentally incompetent, mentally 
dangerous person, has the right to con-
front their accuser. And that is what 
they are trying to undo. It already ex-
ists in law. Everyone knows that we 
cannot accept our children being mur-
dered. We can’t accept our commu-
nities being destroyed and gutted, not 
just by violence, by increasing vio-
lence, by increasing acts of despair; not 
just shootings, but suicides—and the 
number one cause of death for 18- to 45- 
year-olds—fatal overdoses. 
There is something going on wrong. 
It is not the guns, it is the culture and 
the evildoer. When do we stop blaming 
the evildoer, the doer of evil deeds? 
And if you could identify who that doer 
of evil deeds might be, wouldn’t you 
want to take them away from the 
weapons instead of taking the weapons 
away from them? 
If you don’t take the person away, 
they can get other guns. They might 
even get a car and drive through a pa-
rade. 
Let’s keep our communities safe. 
Let’s keep our kids safe. Let’s focus on 
the real problem and not just run the 
same play over and over again. The 
Democrats have a preconceived solu-
tion to every emergency, and it is 
shameful to watch this exploitation of 
violence to achieve a Democrat-long-
standing objective to undermine our 
Second Amendment. 
Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the distinguished 
gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER). 
Mr. BEYER. Madam Speaker, I thank 
the chairman for yielding. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today to ex-
press my strong support for H.R. 2377, 
the Federal Extreme Risk Protection 
Order Act. Included in this legislation, 
is the Extreme Risk Protection Order 
Act, which I have been proud to co- 
lead for many years with my friend and 
colleague, Congressman CARBAJAL. 
Madam Speaker, April 16, 2007, 15 
years ago, 32 Virginia Tech students, in 
my home and Commonwealth, were 
killed by a young man who was well- 
known to the community to have para-
noid schizophrenia. He had been hos-
pitalized. He had been picked up by the 
police. He had been banned from class-
es. There was every reason in the world 
for him to be on the background check-
list. Yet, he was able to buy the weap-
ons legally that killed those 32 kids. 
In 2014, I had a long conversation 
with a friend who was deeply depressed. 
He was having trouble getting out of 
bed, trouble finding a psychiatrist who 
would treat him. I made some calls to 
try to find somebody, and then didn’t 
do 
anything 
but 
worry, 
and 
was 
stunned when he got out of bed to go 
buy a gun and kill himself. 
To this day, I so regret that I did not 
call his wife, and we went together to 
the court to get him on the background 
checklist. We have all lost too many 
friends. We all are grief-struck by the 
massacre of children. 
Red flag laws may not protect every-
one, but it will save many lives and it 
is a start. 
Mr. JORDAN. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from 
Arizona (Mr. BIGGS). 
Mr. BIGGS. Madam Speaker, do you 
ever wonder how many of our col-
leagues in the Democrat aisle receive 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:26 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00013
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.016
H09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 12-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5426 
June 9, 2022 
Bloomberg money to advocate for tak-
ing away Americans’ Second Amend-
ment rights? I do. 
You hear about the NRA. You sure 
don’t want to confess the Bloomberg 
donations that you receive as you 
emasculate America’s rights. Yet, we 
hear about your polling. But you know 
what, 6 in 10 Americans, including al-
most half of Democrats, support armed 
officers and leaders at schools to pro-
tect their children. Democrats oppose 
that. 
We hear about due process. Due proc-
ess doesn’t mean you have an ex-parte 
hearing by an undisclosed informant 
who comes in and says, Look, we think 
this person is a danger to themselves 
or others, when the undisclosed inform-
ant has a grudge or an axe to grind. 
That is why you have 8,000 of those in 
Florida. 
Due process doesn’t mean we take 
away your rights and then you get to 
petition to have those rights rein-
stated. No, this bill is designed specifi-
cally to get around the laws that are 
present in 50 States that do address due 
process and do address people who are 
a danger to themselves and society. 
This bill is ripe for abuse. 
Some States have enacted similar 
laws. In Connecticut, for example, 
nearly a third of all ex-parte orders are 
overturned once a judge hears both 
sides of the story. 
And why is that? You have already 
taken away their rights. But almost a 
third of them are overturned. 
In a markup last week, there was 
some confusion as to what due process 
means. It does not mean that you can 
deprive an individual of their rights 
first and then later let them have a 
hearing to reinstate those rights. But 
that is what this bill does. Deprivation 
first, a hearing later. 
Madam Speaker, I urge my col-
leagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the distinguished 
gentleman from Texas (Mr. GREEN). 
Mr. GREEN of Texas. Madam Speak-
er, and still I rise. I rise today to ad-
dress the indication that what we 
Democrats are doing is meaningless. 
Meaningless to ban bump stocks. 
Well, tell that to the 60 people who 
were murdered at the Mandalay hotel 
where a gunman fired more than a 
thousand rounds in short order. 
Meaningless to raise the age to 21 to 
purchase an assault weapon. Explain 
that the ghosts of the 10 people who 
were killed at Tops grocery store. 
Make it clear to those 19 babies who 
were murdered at an elementary school 
in Texas. 
Meaningless? Tell that to the lives of 
those that have been lost. No, it is not 
meaningless. 
Madam Speaker, I tell my dear 
friends that what we are doing right 
now is more than common sense. It is 
just good sense to prevent people from 
killing other people. 
Mr. JORDAN. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman 
from Georgia (Mrs. GREENE). 
Mrs. GREENE of Georgia. Madam 
Speaker, well, we don’t agree on much 
these days here in Congress but I know 
there is one thing we all agree on. We 
all agree that we really like guns. See, 
we are the special privileged elites. We 
are the ones in this Chamber being pro-
tected by guns while the American peo-
ple don’t have men and women with 
guns outside their homes. Of course, 
not at any gun-free school zone they 
are not protected, nor at work. 
But here at Congress, the same Con-
gress that is voting to send just mil-
lions and millions of dollars worth of 
guns to Ukraine so that they can de-
fend themselves is the same Congress 
working as hard as possible to take 
away the Second Amendment rights 
from Americans. You see, our job here 
is to protect rights like due process 
and the Second Amendment rights of 
Americans, not strip them away. 
Red flag gun laws violate Americans’ 
due process rights and this is the type 
of thing that we shouldn’t be passing in 
this Congress, especially while we 
enjoy the very privileged elite special 
protection of guns. 
Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, may I 
inquire how much time remains on 
each side? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from New York has 61⁄2 min-
utes. The gentleman from Ohio has 11 
minutes. 
Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the distinguished 
gentlewoman 
from 
Michigan 
(Mrs. 
LAWRENCE). 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Madam Speaker, I 
rise today to make an urgent plea for 
action. 
How can we listen to an 11-year-old 
girl talk about smearing herself with 
her own dead friend’s blood so she 
doesn’t get killed and think that the 
appropriate response is thoughts and 
prayers. It is unacceptable. 
We have the power to make real 
change and end gun violence. Right 
now, the American people are calling 
on us to protect their kids, their fam-
ily, and their community. I am not 
going to sit on the sidelines and nei-
ther should this legislative body. If not 
now, when? Every Member should sup-
port commonsense gun safety legisla-
tion. Not taking away your right to 
own a gun or your constitutional right, 
but use common sense, that, as my 
grandmother used to say, is not very 
common today. 
Madam Speaker, the people of Amer-
ica are counting on us. Act now. 
Mr. JORDAN. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. Madam Speaker, we have heard 
time and time again that the Demo-
crats say this is not a violation of due 
process; not a violation of our constitu-
tional rights. It most certainly is. 
Remember the basics here. Someone 
doesn’t like you. They file a complaint. 
There is a hearing within 24 hours, a 
hearing that you are not allowed to at-
tend, you are not allowed to be there to 
face your accusers. The government 
takes your gun or guns. Several days 
later there is a real hearing—well, a 
real hearing with a lower standard. The 
burden of proof for the government is 
not beyond a reasonable doubt to deny 
you your constitutional right. It is a 
clear and convincing standard. So a 
lower standard to take away your fun-
damental liberty when you didn’t com-
mit any crime. If that is not a viola-
tion of due process, I do not know what 
is. 
b 1015 
Title I of this bill, it will all be ad-
ministered by the Biden administra-
tion Department of Justice, the same 
Department of Justice that got a letter 
from a leftwing political organization 
and, 5 days later, sent a memorandum 
to every single U.S. attorney in this 
country saying this: Set up a dedicated 
line of threat communication on par-
ents; use counterterrorism measures 
against moms and dads who had the 
nerve to show up at a school board 
meeting and speak up for their kid. 
Then, 16 days after that memo-
randum went out, the FBI sends an 
email out and says: Put a threat tag, a 
designation, a label, on moms and dads 
who did show up at school board meet-
ings who someone filed a complaint 
about on that snitch line, and inves-
tigate them. That same Biden adminis-
tration Justice Department will be ad-
ministering this law. 
That is why we are so against this 
measure and why it is so darn dan-
gerous. They can say all day long it 
doesn’t violate due process; it most 
certainly does, and it is going to be ad-
ministered by a Justice Department 
that has already proven they are will-
ing to go after parents who speak up 
for their kids. 
That is why this bill is so terrible, 
why Republican Senators are pushing 
this and, as Mr. GAETZ from Florida 
said, trying to bribe States to imple-
ment this when we have the history of 
the Biden Justice Department and 
know what this thing is going to look 
like and how it is going to violate due 
process. That is what is wrong with 
this legislation and why Republicans 
are so darn against this thing. 
I hope they will come to their senses, 
stand up for the law-abiding American 
citizens and their fundamental lib-
erties, and vote this thing down. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 3 minutes to the distinguished 
gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON 
LEE), a member of the Judiciary Com-
mittee. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, 
I thank the chairman for yielding, and 
let me personally on this floor—I have 
said it many times—offer my sympathy 
to LUCY MCBATH for the pain that she 
continues to live with for the loss of 
her son. 
Let me say to my friends, your argu-
ments could not be more absurd. Over 
these last 2 days, I have heard welfare 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:26 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00014
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.017
H09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 13-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5427 
June 9, 2022 
state; I am a person of faith as all who 
profess such, challenging whether or 
not we have faith; speaking about the 
absurdity of not understanding the 
Constitution; disrespecting the demo-
cratic system that we have; that there 
will be an outrageous attack on indi-
viduals with the red flag laws. 
You are just simply wrong. My plea 
is to the American people because you 
can force people who masquerade as be-
lieving that it is a shame for children 
to die, but yet do nothing. This is the 
side of doing absolutely nothing but 
casting 
aspersions 
and 
challenging 
what is right. 
Red flag laws are right. Why? Indiana 
passed it in 2005, and in years since, the 
State’s firearms suicide rate has gone 
down 7.5 percent. They work. A little 
boy, 16 years old, in New York was get-
ting ready to shoot up his students, 
had shotguns at home. An order was 
put forward, and he admitted that not 
having the guns in the home was help-
ful and the order helped him. 
Is there no desire to do something in 
the name of those who died wrongly in 
Buffalo? Is there no desire? 
Are you not in any way aware of 
Zaire, a mother’s child trying to work 
in a job and was severely injured? 
Are you not aware of Amerie, 10 
years old, who died and bled out as she 
called 911? 
Madam Speaker, I include in the 
RECORD two lists of victims from the 
Uvalde school shooting and the Buffalo 
supermarket shooting. 
THE 21 VICTIMS OF THE UVALDE SCHOOL 
SHOOTING 
Makenna Lee Elrod, 10; 
Layla Salazar, 11; 
Maranda Mathis, 11; 
Nevaeh Bravo, 10; 
Jose Manuel Flores Jr., 10; 
Xavier Lopez, 10; 
Tess Marie Mata, 10; 
Rojelio Torres, 10; 
Eliahna ‘‘Ellie’’ Amyah Garcia, 9; 
Eliahna A. Torres, 10; 
Annabell Guadalupe Rodriguez, 10; 
Jackie Cazares, 9; 
Uziyah Garcia;, 9; 
Jayce Carmelo Luevanos, 10; 
Maite Yuleana Rodriguez, 10; 
Jailah Nicole Silguero, 10 ; 
Irma Garcia, 48; 
Eva Mireles, 44; 
Amerie Jo Garza, 10; 
Alexandria ‘‘Lexi’’ Aniyah Rubio, 10; and 
Alithia Ramirez, 10. 
THE 10 PEOPLE KILLED IN BUFFALO, NY 
Roberta A. Drury of Buffalo, N.Y., age 32; 
Margus D. Morrison of Buffalo, N.Y., age 
52; 
Andre Mackneil of Auburn, N.Y., age 53; 
Aaron Salter of Lockport, N.Y, age 55; 
Geraldine Talley of Buffalo, N.Y., age 62; 
Celestine Chaney of Buffalo, N.Y., age 65; 
Heyward Patterson of Buffalo, N.Y., age 67; 
Katherine Massey of Buffalo, N.Y., age 72; 
Pearl Young of Buffalo, N.Y., age 77; and 
Ruth Whitfield of Buffalo, N.Y., age 86. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Are you not 
aware that 80 percent of people consid-
ering suicide give some sign of their 
plans, and nearly 80 percent of per-
petrators of mass violence in public 
places make explicit threats? 
Red flag laws are crucial to saving 
lives. 
Yes, the FBI didn’t act in Parkland, 
but a red flag law that was imple-
mented by a Republican Governor 
could have been effective. There would 
have been another tool. 
The Constitution, for some people, 
they can’t seem to read it clearly. The 
Second Amendment says to create a 
militia, but Justice Scalia, who is idol-
ized by the right, made it very clear 
that the Second Amendment right is 
not unlimited. It is not a right to keep 
and carry any weapon whatsoever. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, I 
yield the gentlewoman an additional 30 
seconds. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, 
let me say this: Do you want guns in 
the hands of dangerous people? 
I don’t want Republicans shot. That 
was a dangerous person. 
Do you want guns in the hands of 
gang members? Do you want us to con-
tinue like all of these school shootings 
in the State of Texas? 
Let us realize where your heart is 
and ensure that the mentally ill are 
not the persons that are the ones that 
are most dangerous, but it is dangerous 
people who need red flag laws. 
Maybe we need to sit down in the 
name of John Lewis, who said: Where is 
your heart, and where is your soul? 
We need to pass this red flag law and 
all of our gun safety laws, and the Sen-
ate should pass it as well. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
2377, the ‘‘Federal Extreme Risk Protection 
Order Act of 2021,’’ of which I am a cospon-
sor. 
In recent weeks, we have mourned the loss 
of life resulting from an ever-increasing num-
ber of mass shootings that have shocked the 
conscience of our nation. 
We have a duty to do all we can to prevent 
gun violence and end the bloodshed. Expand-
ing the availability of extreme risk protection 
orders is one step we must take because ac-
cess to firearms can be the difference be-
tween life or death—for one person or many. 
These laws have proven to be effective, 
particularly in reducing suicides, which involve 
firearms more than 50 percent of the time. 
We know that suicides are often times an 
impulsive action. Extreme risk protection or-
ders can generate time and space between 
the impulse and someone’s access o firearms. 
Recognizing that up to 80 percent of people 
considering suicide give some sign of their 
plans and nearly 80 percent of perpetrators of 
mass violence in public places make explicit 
threats or behave in a manner indicative of 
their intent to carry out an attack, it is clear 
these orders can help save lives. 
Yet under federal law, a person suffering 
from mental illness is generally not prohibited 
from purchasing or possessing a firearm un-
less certain statutory circumstances occur. 
Similarly, a person who has committed a 
violent act towards others is generally not pro-
hibited from accessing firearms under federal 
law unless they are the subject of a domestic 
violence restraining order, have been con-
victed of a felony, or have been convicted of 
a domestic violence misdemeanor. 
In many instances of gun violence, family 
and friends noticed warning signs that their 
loved ones were a significant risk of harm or 
injury to themselves or others. 
For example, more than a month before the 
Parkland shooting, someone close to the 
shooter provided information to the FBI’s tip 
line about his gun ownership, desire to kill 
people, erratic behavior, and disturbing social 
media posts, as well as the possibility he 
might commit a school shooting. But there 
was nothing to prohibit him from possessing 
firearms. 
Extreme risk protection laws empower those 
close to people at risk of committing irrevers-
ible, hateful acts upon themselves or others to 
intervene before tragedy strikes. 
Instead of focusing primarily on those who 
suffer from mental illness—the majority of 
whom are not violent—these laws focus on 
preventing access to firearms by people who 
exhibit dangerous behaviors. 
While some states have enacted these 
laws, including Florida following the Parkland 
shooting, many have not. That is why we need 
H.R. 2377. Everyone deserves to be safe from 
gun violence. 
This bill would provide nationwide access to 
extreme risk protection orders through federal 
courts, improve implementation of existing 
state extreme risk laws, and through grant 
funding, encourage more states to adopt such 
laws. 
It would also ensure law enforcement is 
trained in the use of extreme risk protection 
orders, including crisis intervention and mak-
ing referrals to social service providers. 
When a concerned loved one can dem-
onstrate that an individual presents a serious 
threat of injury to themselves or others, they 
should have an opportunity to request an 
order, allowing a judge to weigh the evidence 
and issue an order when appropriate. 
This bill would also provide important due 
process protections including notice, an oppor-
tunity to be heard at a hearing within 72 hours 
after an order is issued if there is a request for 
a long-term extreme risk protection order, and 
a right to counsel. 
If an order is dissolved or expires any fire-
arms would have to be returned. 
And the bill would establish a penalty for 
anyone who files a false or frivolous petition. 
I recently read that 44 percent of Repub-
licans believe mass shootings are ‘‘something 
we have to accept as part of a free society,’’ 
and I simply cannot and will not accept that. 
We must never concede defeat to the epi-
demic of gun violence. Instead, we must con-
tinue to encourage and support the implemen-
tation of evidence-based solutions like ex-
treme risk protection orders. 
I would like to thank Representative LUCY 
MCBATH and SALUD CARBAJAL for their dedica-
tion to this issue and this bill. 
I urge my colleagues to support this critical 
legislation that will make our communities 
safer, whether in our homes or on our streets. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-
bers are reminded to direct their com-
ments to the Chair. 
Mr. JORDAN. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from 
North Carolina (Mr. BISHOP). 
Mr. 
BISHOP 
of 
North 
Carolina. 
Madam Speaker, the Fifth Amendment 
states: ‘‘Nor be deprived of life, liberty, 
or property, without due process of 
law.’’ 
It is the paradox of the American ex-
perience that so many who swear to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:26 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00015
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.019
H09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 14-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5428 
June 9, 2022 
preserve, protect, and defend the Con-
stitution, the supreme law enshrining 
our fundamental rights, are so often 
predisposed to strip those rights, al-
ways with noble motive. 
Weeks ago, the Biden Department of 
Homeland 
Security 
formed 
a 
Disinformation Governance Board to 
become the arbiter of right think, even 
since disbanded. Bad idea. 
In 2020, State Governors ordered the 
healthy to stay out of their churches 
for fear of the virus. Do you remember? 
In 1971, the Department of Justice 
obtained a TRO, a prior restraint, to 
abridge freedom of the press by forbid-
ding The New York Times to continue 
publishing the Pentagon Papers. Lower 
courts approved that, too. 
In February 1942, another progressive 
Democrat, FDR, issued an executive 
order to intern U.S. citizens and resi-
dents of Japanese descent. It was 
greatly popular; 60 percent of Ameri-
cans polled supported sending their fel-
low American citizens to concentration 
camps. It was approved not just by 
lower courts but by the United States 
Supreme Court in Korematsu, 1944. It 
took until 2018 for it to be repudiated. 
Look again at what you justified. 
The long-existing Baker Act provides 
due process. New York had a red flag 
law and did not detect the Buffalo 
shooter. 
The fierce urgency of now meets the 
protections of fundamental rights in 
the United States Constitution, and 
they must be vindicated. 
Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. JORDAN. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from 
Texas (Mr. ROY). 
Mr. ROY. Madam Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman from Ohio for yielding. 
The gentlewoman from Texas asked: 
Do we want guns in the hand of dan-
gerous people? The answer to that 
question is, of course not. But the 
question, the only question that mat-
ters, is, who constitutes a dangerous 
person? Who gets to decide, and why? 
That is the important part here. That 
is what we are talking about when we 
talk about due process. 
We have laws on the books in, I be-
lieve, every State in the Union, so- 
called Baker Act provisions to civilly 
commit persons who are a danger to 
themselves and others. 
We have such a law in Texas, but we 
didn’t use it. We didn’t use it against a 
young man who wasn’t in school, was 
harming defenseless animals, was talk-
ing about raping women, was clearly 
not well. We didn’t use it. 
There are more people killed in the 
United States by hands and knives 
than rifles. I don’t want a crazy guy in 
my school with or without the ability 
to have a weapon. 
We should actually be serious about 
committing people who have mental 
health problems. That would actually 
solve the problem. 
Everything we are doing here today 
is a pretext. It is a pretext for tar-
geting, confiscating, and eliminating 
our ability to have weapons. 
When people say things, it is a good 
idea to believe them. 
President Biden: ‘‘ . . . whether it is 
a 9-millimeter pistol or whether it is a 
rifle is ridiculous. I am continuing to 
push to eliminate the sale of those 
things.’’ 
Representative MONDAIRE JONES: ‘‘If 
the filibuster obstructs us, we will 
abolish it. If the Supreme Court ob-
jects, we will expand it. . . . We will do 
whatever it takes.’’ 
Representative OCASIO-CORTEZ: Ban 
semiautomatics. 
House 
Democrats 
just 
yesterday 
tweeted: ‘‘Semiautomatic rifles are 
weapons of war.’’ 
Future Justice Ketanji Brown Jack-
son was applauding the New Zealand 
Prime 
Minister’s 
commencement 
speech about New Zealand’s banning 
semiautomatic rifles. 
Representative Beto O’Rourke: ‘‘Hell, 
yes, we are going to take your AR–15.’’ 
Even Representative SHEILA JACKSON 
LEE, the gentlewoman from Texas: ‘‘I 
have held an AR–15 in my hand. I wish 
I hadn’t.’’ She talks about a .50-caliber 
bullet, which isn’t even true. 
This is a pretext, and we should op-
pose this. 
Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. JORDAN. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from 
Kentucky (Mr. MASSIE). 
Mr. MASSIE. Madam Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman for yielding. 
Everyone wants to stop mass public 
shooters, but we haven’t previously 
punished people merely on the basis of 
a hunch, and we shouldn’t start now. 
Stopping future crimes doesn’t work 
in the movies, and it doesn’t work in 
real life. What can work is providing 
mental healthcare and counseling to 
those who need it. 
If people truly pose a clear danger to 
themselves or others, they should be 
confined to a mental health facility. 
Simply denying them the legal right to 
buy a gun isn’t a serious remedy. 
Actually, it is already possible to 
take a dangerous person’s guns away, 
but Democrats are completely ignoring 
involuntary commitment laws that are 
on the books in all 50 States, presently 
known as the Baker Act in Florida or 
the 5150 code in California. These laws 
are different than the ones that are 
proposed today in one very important 
aspect: They involve due process. 
What is the difference? In the exist-
ing 
involuntary 
commitment 
laws, 
known as the Baker Act, there is a 
mental 
healthcare 
expert 
involved; 
there is no such thing in the red flag 
laws. There is the ability to challenge 
your accuser to have a day in court be-
fore your rights are deprived; there is 
no such opportunity in the red flag 
laws. You get an attorney appointed to 
you if you can’t afford it; no such thing 
in the red flag laws in many of the 
States. There are predawn raids that 
endanger the lives, not just of the per-
son we are worried about but of the of-
ficers who are tasked with carrying out 
the raid. 
Red flag laws could actually increase 
the rate of homicide and suicide. Sim-
ply talking to other people about your 
healthcare issues and your mental 
health could help you overcome it, but 
people will be reluctant to do that if 
red flag laws are in place. 
Red flag laws have already created 
thousands of second-class citizens who 
no longer have the ability to purchase 
a firearm for defense in the States that 
have red flag laws. If this passes today, 
there will be millions of second-class 
citizens created in this country who 
have been deprived of due process and 
the Second Amendment. 
Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. JORDAN. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from 
Texas (Mr. PFLUGER). 
Mr. PFLUGER. Madam Speaker, I 
rise today as a Texan, a father of three 
young girls who go to school, and a de-
fender of constitutional rights. This is 
not just about doing something; this is 
about doing something that matters. 
The horror of the school shootings is 
an unforgivable tragedy due to the evil 
we see in people. 
There is room for bipartisan solu-
tions. Unfortunately, Democrats don’t 
want to make law; they want to make 
politics. 
Republicans offered an alternative, a 
bill that would fund school resource of-
ficers and mental health counselors, 
close gaps in security, and strengthen 
active shooter preparations, with all 
the costs being offset by the unused 
COVID funds. Unfortunately, this has 
been blocked by House Democrats. 
There is nothing more important 
than ensuring our children are safe. I 
know this because I take my children 
to school and drop them off and pick 
them up. But in no way are the recent 
tragedies justification for an infringe-
ment upon the rights of law-abiding 
Americans. 
I won’t support legislation that in-
fringes 
upon 
those 
rights 
being 
stripped without due process. This is 
an emotional issue, but it is our job to 
step back and have an adult conversa-
tion. 
b 1030 
Mr. JORDAN. Madam Speaker, I am 
prepared to close. 
Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, I am 
prepared to close, and I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. JORDAN. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 11⁄2
minutes to the gentleman 
from California (Mr. ISSA). 
Mr. ISSA. Madam Speaker, to say I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume is too short to recap these 2 days 
of the assault on the Second Amend-
ment. 
I will only say, in closing, that it 
might seem reasonable in this bill— 
these five or six or seven different bills 
cobbled together—it might seem rea-
sonable that each of them makes sense. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:26 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00016
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.021
H09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 15-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5429 
June 9, 2022 
I ask you, when we changed the Con-
stitution to give an 18-year-old the 
right to vote, if we simply said today 
that we have changed our mind, we 
want to make it 21, don’t worry about 
the Constitution. Wouldn’t there be 
people saying that is ridiculous? Of 
course, they would. 
If we said the First Amendment gives 
you 
a 
right 
that 
should 
not 
be 
abridged, and suddenly we say, but we 
are going to have prior restraint be-
cause you might do or say something 
wrong, we would say that is ridiculous. 
Madam Speaker, today this affront 
on the Second Amendment is, in fact, 
ridiculous. Each piece may seem rea-
sonable, but not in light of the signifi-
cance of something enshrined in our 
Constitution, which is being systemati-
cally attacked by the other side. 
Today, we are defending the Second 
Amendment in a way we have not had 
to in a generation. We stand here not 
because there aren’t some elements 
that seem reasonable in this legisla-
tion, but because at the end of the day, 
our friends on the other side of the 
aisle who are not willing to support 
laws that are on the books being en-
forced and are not willing to stand be-
hind the law enforcement community 
that would like to enforce those, they 
are affronting and trying to undo the 
Second Amendment without a con-
stitutional change. 
Mr. JORDAN. Madam Speaker, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself the balance of my time. 
Madam Speaker, extreme risk laws 
save lives, it is that simple. Ulti-
mately, that is what this debate should 
be about—saving lives. This legislation 
strikes a proper balance between pro-
tecting the due process rights of people 
in crisis and preventing tragedy by en-
suring that those who pose an immi-
nent danger to themselves or others do 
not have access to firearms. 
Madam Speaker, this debate has been 
surreal. Every court that has consid-
ered the question has concluded that 
red flag laws afford proper due process 
and are constitutional. We already 
know that extreme risk laws work, but 
less than half the States have those 
laws in effect. 
Madam Speaker, let us pass this leg-
islation today, so we can bring access 
to this life-savings tool nationwide. We 
know it is not enough. We know we 
need all the provisions of the bill we 
passed yesterday, and we should bring 
back the assault weapons ban. But 
what we cannot do should not block us 
from doing what we can do. We can 
save thousands of lives annually, so let 
us begin. 
Madam Speaker, I urge all Members 
to support this bill, and I yield back 
the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The pre-
vious question is ordered on the bill, as 
amended. 
The question is on the engrossment 
and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the 
third time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that 
the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. JORDAN. Madam Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 3(s) of House Resolution 
8, the yeas and nays are ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 224, nays 
202, not voting 2, as follows: 
[Roll No. 255] 
YEAS—224 
Adams 
Aguilar 
Allred 
Auchincloss 
Axne 
Barraga´n 
Bass 
Beatty 
Bera 
Beyer 
Bishop (GA) 
Blumenauer 
Blunt Rochester 
Bonamici 
Bourdeaux 
Bowman 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brown (MD) 
Brown (OH) 
Brownley 
Bush 
Bustos 
Butterfield 
Carbajal 
Ca´rdenas 
Carson 
Carter (LA) 
Cartwright 
Case 
Casten 
Castor (FL) 
Castro (TX) 
Cherfilus- 
McCormick 
Chu 
Cicilline 
Clark (MA) 
Clarke (NY) 
Cleaver 
Clyburn 
Cohen 
Connolly 
Cooper 
Correa 
Costa 
Courtney 
Craig 
Crist 
Crow 
Cuellar 
Davids (KS) 
Davis, Danny K. 
Dean 
DeFazio 
DeGette 
DeLauro 
DelBene 
Demings 
DeSaulnier 
Deutch 
Dingell 
Doggett 
Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Escobar 
Eshoo 
Espaillat 
Evans 
Fitzpatrick 
Fletcher 
Foster 
Frankel, Lois 
Gallego 
Garamendi 
Garcı´a (IL) 
Garcia (TX) 
Gomez 
Gonzalez (OH) 
Gonzalez, 
Vicente 
Gottheimer 
Green, Al (TX) 
Grijalva 
Harder (CA) 
Hayes 
Higgins (NY) 
Himes 
Horsford 
Houlahan 
Hoyer 
Huffman 
Jackson Lee 
Jacobs (CA) 
Jacobs (NY) 
Jayapal 
Jeffries 
Johnson (GA) 
Johnson (TX) 
Jones 
Kahele 
Kaptur 
Keating 
Kelly (IL) 
Khanna 
Kildee 
Kilmer 
Kim (NJ) 
Kind 
Kinzinger 
Kirkpatrick 
Krishnamoorthi 
Kuster 
Lamb 
Langevin 
Larsen (WA) 
Larson (CT) 
Lawrence 
Lawson (FL) 
Lee (CA) 
Lee (NV) 
Leger Fernandez 
Levin (CA) 
Levin (MI) 
Lieu 
Lofgren 
Lowenthal 
Luria 
Lynch 
Malinowski 
Maloney, 
Carolyn B. 
Maloney, Sean 
Manning 
Matsui 
McBath 
McCollum 
McEachin 
McGovern 
McNerney 
Meeks 
Meng 
Mfume 
Moore (WI) 
Morelle 
Moulton 
Mrvan 
Murphy (FL) 
Nadler 
Napolitano 
Neal 
Neguse 
Newman 
Norcross 
O’Halleran 
Ocasio-Cortez 
Omar 
Pallone 
Panetta 
Pappas 
Pascrell 
Payne 
Pelosi 
Perlmutter 
Peters 
Phillips 
Pingree 
Pocan 
Porter 
Pressley 
Price (NC) 
Quigley 
Raskin 
Rice (NY) 
Ross 
Roybal-Allard 
Ruiz 
Ruppersberger 
Rush 
Ryan 
Sa´nchez 
Sarbanes 
Scanlon 
Schakowsky 
Schiff 
Schneider 
Schrader 
Schrier 
Scott (VA) 
Scott, David 
Sewell 
Sherman 
Sherrill 
Sires 
Slotkin 
Smith (WA) 
Soto 
Spanberger 
Speier 
Stansbury 
Stanton 
Stevens 
Strickland 
Suozzi 
Swalwell 
Takano 
Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) 
Titus 
Tlaib 
Tonko 
Torres (CA) 
Torres (NY) 
Trahan 
Trone 
Underwood 
Upton 
Vargas 
Veasey 
Vela´zquez 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters 
Watson Coleman 
Welch 
Wexton 
Wild 
Williams (GA) 
Wilson (FL) 
Yarmuth 
NAYS—202 
Aderholt 
Allen 
Amodei 
Armstrong 
Arrington 
Babin 
Bacon 
Baird 
Balderson 
Banks 
Barr 
Bentz 
Bergman 
Bice (OK) 
Biggs 
Bilirakis 
Bishop (NC) 
Boebert 
Bost 
Brady 
Brooks 
Buchanan 
Buck 
Bucshon 
Budd 
Burchett 
Burgess 
Calvert 
Cammack 
Carey 
Carl 
Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) 
Cawthorn 
Chabot 
Cheney 
Cline 
Cloud 
Clyde 
Cole 
Comer 
Crawford 
Crenshaw 
Curtis 
Davidson 
Davis, Rodney 
DesJarlais 
Diaz-Balart 
Donalds 
Duncan 
Dunn 
Ellzey 
Emmer 
Estes 
Fallon 
Feenstra 
Ferguson 
Fischbach 
Fleischmann 
Foxx 
Franklin, C. 
Scott 
Fulcher 
Gaetz 
Gallagher 
Garbarino 
Garcia (CA) 
Gibbs 
Gimenez 
Gohmert 
Golden 
Gonzales, Tony 
Good (VA) 
Gooden (TX) 
Gosar 
Granger 
Graves (LA) 
Graves (MO) 
Green (TN) 
Greene (GA) 
Griffith 
Grothman 
Guest 
Guthrie 
Harris 
Harshbarger 
Hartzler 
Hern 
Herrell 
Herrera Beutler 
Hice (GA) 
Higgins (LA) 
Hill 
Hinson 
Hudson 
Huizenga 
Issa 
Jackson 
Johnson (LA) 
Johnson (OH) 
Johnson (SD) 
Jordan 
Joyce (OH) 
Joyce (PA) 
Katko 
Keller 
Kelly (MS) 
Kelly (PA) 
Kim (CA) 
Kustoff 
LaHood 
LaMalfa 
Lamborn 
Latta 
LaTurner 
Lesko 
Letlow 
Long 
Loudermilk 
Lucas 
Luetkemeyer 
Mace 
Malliotakis 
Mann 
Massie 
Mast 
McCarthy 
McCaul 
McClain 
McClintock 
McHenry 
McKinley 
Meijer 
Meuser 
Miller (IL) 
Miller (WV) 
Miller-Meeks 
Moolenaar 
Mooney 
Moore (AL) 
Moore (UT) 
Mullin 
Murphy (NC) 
Nehls 
Newhouse 
Norman 
Obernolte 
Owens 
Palazzo 
Palmer 
Pence 
Perry 
Pfluger 
Posey 
Reschenthaler 
Rice (SC) 
Rodgers (WA) 
Rogers (AL) 
Rogers (KY) 
Rose 
Rosendale 
Rouzer 
Roy 
Rutherford 
Salazar 
Scalise 
Schweikert 
Scott, Austin 
Sessions 
Simpson 
Smith (MO) 
Smith (NE) 
Smith (NJ) 
Smucker 
Spartz 
Stauber 
Steel 
Stefanik 
Steil 
Steube 
Stewart 
Taylor 
Tenney 
Thompson (PA) 
Tiffany 
Timmons 
Turner 
Valadao 
Van Drew 
Van Duyne 
Wagner 
Walberg 
Walorski 
Waltz 
Weber (TX) 
Webster (FL) 
Wenstrup 
Westerman 
Williams (TX) 
Wilson (SC) 
Wittman 
Womack 
Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—2 
Fitzgerald 
Hollingsworth 
b 1111 
Messrs. MURPHY of North Carolina 
and BAIRD changed their vote from 
‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mr. CICILLINE changed his vote 
from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
MEMBERS RECORDED PURSUANT TO HOUSE 
RESOLUTION 8, 117TH CONGRESS 
Barraga´n (Beyer) 
Bass (Blunt 
Rochester) 
Brooks 
(Fleischmann) 
Brown (OH) 
(Beatty) 
Ca´rdenas 
(Correa) 
Cooper (Correa) 
Crist 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Evans (Beyer) 
Frankel, Lois 
(Wasserman 
Schultz) 
Garamendi 
(Beyer) 
Gimenez (Waltz) 
Gomez (Garcia 
(TX)) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:26 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00017
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.023
H09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 16-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5430 
June 9, 2022 
Grijalva (Garcı´a 
(IL)) 
Guest 
(Fleischmann) 
Johnson (SD) 
(LaHood) 
Johnson (TX) 
(Jeffries) 
Khanna 
(Spanberger) 
Kirkpatrick 
(Pallone) 
Lamb (Blunt 
Rochester) 
Leger Fernandez 
(Neguse) 
Loudermilk 
(Fleischmann) 
McEachin 
(Beyer) 
Moore (WI) 
(Beyer) 
Moulton 
(Neguse) 
Payne (Pallone) 
Price (NC) 
(Manning) 
Ruiz (Correa) 
Rush (Jeffries) 
Ryan (Beyer) 
Sa´nchez (Garcia 
(TX)) 
Sewell (Beatty) 
Sires (Pallone) 
Spartz (Banks) 
Strickland 
(Takano) 
Suozzi (Beyer) 
Swalwell 
(Correa) 
Taylor (Fallon) 
Torres (NY) 
(Blunt 
Rochester) 
Van Drew 
(Reschenthaler) 
Vargas (Takano) 
Walorski (Banks) 
Waters (Garcia 
(TX)) 
Wilson (FL) 
(Neguse) 
f 
LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM 
(Mr. SCALISE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. SCALISE. Madam Speaker, I rise 
to inquire of the House majority leader 
the schedule for next week. 
Madam Speaker, I yield to the gen-
tleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER), 
my friend and the majority leader of 
the House. 
Mr. 
HOYER. 
Madam 
Speaker, 
I 
thank the gentleman from Louisiana, 
the Republican whip, for yielding. 
Madam Speaker, on Monday, the 
House will meet at 12 p.m. for morning 
hour and 2 p.m. for legislative business, 
with votes postponed, as usual, until 
6:30 p.m. 
On Tuesday and Wednesday, the 
House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning 
hour and 12 p.m. for legislative busi-
ness. 
On Thursday, the House will meet at 
9 a.m. for legislative business. 
Next week, the House will consider 
legislation to address inflation and 
help bring down costs for Americans. 
The House will consider the Lower 
Food and Fuel Costs Act from the Com-
mittee on Agriculture and the Com-
mittee on Energy and Commerce to ad-
dress food prices and help bring down 
the cost of fertilizer for farmers while 
providing more affordable options at 
the gas pump for Americans. 
The House will also consider S. 3580, 
the Senate-passed companion to JOHN 
GARAMENDI’s Ocean Shipping Reform 
Act, under suspension. We passed it 
previously, and it is in the Senate. 
However, this is a compromise with 
which Mr. GARAMENDI agrees. This leg-
islation will address continued supply 
chain problems and ensure the fair and 
expeditious flow of goods in and out of 
our ports, helping lower costs for 
American consumers and bolstering 
our domestic agriculture products. 
Additionally, Madam Speaker, the 
House will consider H.R. 2543, the Ra-
cial Equity, Inclusion, and Economic 
Justice Act, from Chairwoman MAXINE 
WATERS
and the Financial Services 
Committee to promote racial equity 
and fair access to economic oppor-
tunity for those who are facing dis-
crimination or bias. This will help fam-
ilies who are challenged in accessing fi-
nancial services and housing at a time 
when every dollar is critical. 
Finally, Madam Speaker, the House 
will also consider H.R. 2773, Represent-
ative DEBBIE DINGELL’s bipartisan Re-
covering America’s Wildlife Act. 
The House will consider other bills, 
Madam Speaker, under suspension of 
the rules. A complete list of suspension 
bills will be announced by the close of 
business tomorrow. Additional legisla-
tive items, of course, are possible. 
I thank the gentleman for yielding. 
Mr. SCALISE. Madam Speaker, I 
wanted to ask, specifically, there was 
some talk that we may today take up 
the Senate bill, the bill that passed 
over a month ago in the Senate, to give 
stronger protections to Supreme Court 
Justices and their families. 
Of course, yesterday, something that 
angers a lot of us—Justice Kavanaugh, 
there was an arrest of a man that was 
at his house, attempting to murder Su-
preme Court Justice Kavanaugh. This 
is something we have expressed con-
cern about for weeks, especially some 
of the language directed at Supreme 
Court 
Justices, 
people 
encouraging 
people to go to their houses. 
There was a bill that had bipartisan 
support that passed the Senate over a 
month ago to give them stronger pro-
tections. We thought that may come 
up today. I don’t hear it on the sched-
ule. Can we get a vote on that bill 
when we come back early next week on 
the suspension calendar to get that bill 
sent to the President’s desk to get that 
in motion quickly? 
Madam Speaker, I yield to the gen-
tleman. 
Mr. 
HOYER. 
Madam 
Speaker, 
I 
thank the gentleman for his question. I 
think it is a very relevant question. I 
am hopeful that we can move that as 
early as possible. 
I want to tell the gentleman the rea-
son he thought that it might be moved 
this morning was because last night, I 
thought I had, after discussions with 
Senator CORNYN, a way forward that 
both the Senate and the House could 
agree on. Unfortunately, this morning, 
that appeared not to be the case. 
We are trying to pursue that because 
we believe that it is a critical piece of 
legislation, as are the pieces of legisla-
tion we are considering. 
I will tell the gentleman that the in-
cident that occurred last night, of 
course, was covered, as the gentleman, 
I am sure knows, by the present secu-
rity arrangements for Supreme Court 
Justices. The gentleman was taken 
into custody and apparently didn’t get 
close to the house because of the secu-
rity. 
Nevertheless, we share the gentle-
man’s concerns about the security for 
our Supreme Court Justices and, frank-
ly, their families, their residences, as 
we are for the officers and clerks of the 
Supreme Court and their families and 
their employees. 
So, the answer to your question is 
that is a priority item that I hope we 
can get done very early next week. 
Mr. SCALISE. Madam Speaker, I 
hope that we can get that early in the 
week put on the suspension calendar, 
in the form the Senate sent over where 
there is broad agreement on both sides 
of the aisle, and get that to the Presi-
dent’s desk to get those stronger pro-
tections in place. 
Finally, I would like to ask the gen-
tleman, we have talked about this bill 
a number of times, H.R. 6858, which is 
a bill dealing with American energy 
independence, to open up more areas of 
our country to American energy pro-
duction so that we don’t have to be re-
liant on foreign countries, whether it is 
Russia, Venezuela, Iran or, now, the 
President is going to go to plead with 
Saudi to produce more energy when 
America has more energy that we 
could be producing that we can’t be-
cause of current policies by President 
Biden. 
This would open those up. It would 
allow us to lower gas prices. It would 
allow relief to families who are strug-
gling because of these energy policies 
that are hurting our ability to produce 
in America and making us more de-
pendent on countries that are cartels 
or monopolies, whether it is OPEC or 
other countries where they want they 
want a higher price. They want to 
limit production. 
We want to open up American en-
ergy, and that is what that package of 
legislation would do. 
Can we get that bill added to the cal-
endar quickly, hopefully next week, so 
that we can help get relief to families 
who are trying to plan a family vaca-
tion and can’t afford to pay $4.50, $5 a 
gallon or more for gasoline? 
I yield to the gentleman. 
Mr. 
HOYER. 
Madam 
Speaker, 
I 
thank the gentleman for his question. 
He has mentioned this before. I am 
talking to the committee whose juris-
diction this bill is in to consider what 
they want to do with it, and I am wait-
ing to hear back from them. 
Mr. SCALISE. Madam Speaker, hope-
fully, we can get that addressed as well 
so that we can tackle some of these 
other problems: inflation, high gas 
prices, border issues that we are trying 
to bring legislation on. 
If the gentleman has nothing else, 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
f 
HONORING THE LEGACY OF 
MANUELITA GARCIA 
(Mr. GARCI´A of Illinois asked and 
was given permission to address the 
House for 1 minute and to revise and 
extend his remarks.) 
Mr. 
GARCI´A 
of 
Illinois. 
Madam 
Speaker, I rise today to honor the life 
of Manuelita Garcia. 
Manuelita was a force to be reckoned 
with, a fierce advocate for justice, a 
true fighter for the community, and a 
longtime Little Village resident. 
On Mother’s Day, 2001, Manuelita 
launched Madres de la Villita to de-
mand the construction of a promised 
high school in our neighborhood. I 
joined her and others as they initiated 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:26 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00018
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A09JN7.002
H09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 17-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5431 
June 9, 2022 
a 19-day hunger strike to push the 
school board to fulfill their promise. 
Her organizing led to greater support 
for educational equity and the eventual 
opening of the Little Village Lawndale 
High School. 
Manuelita will be remembered for 
her devotion to the youth of La Villita. 
She knew that when we invest in 
youth, we invest in our future. Above 
all, she will be remembered for her 
commitment to fairness, justice, and 
equity. 
Manuelita, 
thank 
you 
for 
your 
friendship. Rest in power, my friend. 
f 
REQUEST TO CONSIDER S. 4160, SU-
PREME COURT POLICE PARITY 
ACT 
(Mr. MCCARTHY asked and was 
given permission to address the House 
for 1 minute and to revise and extend 
his remarks.) 
Mr. MCCARTHY. Madam Speaker, I 
once again come to the floor to try to 
protect our Supreme Court. 
Just yesterday, a man who wanted to 
kill Justice Kavanaugh was arrested 
outside the Justice’s home. He was ar-
rested with weapons on his person. Jus-
tice Kavanaugh has a wife and chil-
dren. Yes, he does. 
The Senate already passed a bill with 
agreement from 100 Senators to en-
hance the security protection for mem-
bers of the Court and their families. 
Madam Speaker, it has sat here for a 
month—a month. 
Yet, yesterday, House Democrats are 
leaving. Today, they want to leave for 
a long weekend. They gave tomorrow 
back. 
I spoke to the majority leader this 
morning. I told him nobody on this side 
would object, a unanimous consent. He 
could run that bill on the floor right 
now and send it to the President so we 
could protect the Supreme Court. 
How many times do they have to be 
threatened? How many people have to 
be arrested with a gun outside their 
homes? What would have happened had 
he not called 911? He didn’t just have a 
gun. He had zip ties. 
But somehow, you want to leave. 
This bill could be on the President’s 
desk right now. 
Now, think about this. This is com-
ing from the same party whose White 
House press secretary said this, encour-
aged 
protests 
‘‘outside 
of 
judges’ 
homes.’’ She even said that that was 
President Biden’s position. 
Let’s not forget Majority Leader 
SCHUMER screaming on the steps of the 
Supreme Court. What did he say? 
Madam Speaker, I want you to listen 
to these words, and I want you to think 
about these words. What do you think 
the American public would think Schu-
mer was telling them to do? He said: 
‘‘You will pay the price. You won’t 
know what hit you if you go forward 
with these awful decisions.’’ 
Now, I don’t know if that young man 
yesterday with that gun and zip ties 
that was at the home of Justice 
Kavanaugh listened to this and that is 
why he went. I don’t know, but I do 
know that is wrong. I do know we can 
change that. I do know we can protect 
them. 
That bill has been sitting here for 1 
month. I talked to the majority leader 
today. The only idea people have: Well, 
let’s change it. 
What does it mean if it is changed? It 
means it goes back to the Senate and 
waits longer. 
Why? Why would we do that? 
Every single Senator voted for it. 
And I promise you this: Every single 
Republican on this side would give 
unanimous consent to pass that, send 
it to the President, and protect the Su-
preme Court. 
Enough is enough. 
I know the Democrats want to defund 
the police. I know what they want to 
do across this country, but this is 
wrong. This is pure politics. And it has 
got to stop. 
Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous 
consent to take from the Speaker’s 
table S. 4160, the Supreme Court Police 
Parity Act, and ask for its immediate 
consideration in the House. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. 
STANSBURY). Under guidance consist-
ently issued by successive Speakers, as 
recorded in section 956 of the House 
Rules and Manual, the Chair is con-
strained not to entertain the request 
unless it has been cleared by the bipar-
tisan floor and committee leaderships. 
Mr. MCCARTHY. Madam Speaker, I 
want it very clear, it is cleared on the 
House Republican side. There is not 
one Republican objecting, so the only 
place it is not being cleared is on the 
Democrats’ side, and it is not moving. 
It has been sitting on the desk for a 
month, and that is wrong. 
f 
b 1130 
NO ONE IS ABOVE THE LAW 
(Ms. PORTER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend her re-
marks.) 
Ms. PORTER. Madam Speaker, all 
government officials must be held ac-
countable, especially those entrusted 
with the power to interpret our coun-
try’s laws. 
Repeated scandals and lax ethics re-
quirements for Federal judges are erod-
ing Americans’ confidence in the im-
partiality of our courts. 
When judges and Justices preside 
over cases that affect their individual 
stock portfolios or don’t disclose their 
connections to special interests, they 
jeopardize the rule of law. 
The American people should not have 
to question if cases are being decided 
fairly. We need stronger ethics rules to 
prevent these abuses of power from 
happening again. 
I am backing legislation that will 
root out corruption, prevent conflicts 
of interest, and increase transparency 
in all three branches of the Federal 
Government. 
To restore public trust in our institu-
tions, we must hold government offi-
cials to the highest ethical standards. 
No one is above the law. 
f 
REMEMBERING SHERRA ANN 
EVERETT FERTITTA 
(Ms. LETLOW asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend her re-
marks.) 
Ms. LETLOW. Madam Speaker, I 
come to the floor today to pay tribute 
to 
the 
late 
Sherra 
Ann 
Everett 
Fertitta, a truly wonderful person and 
a dedicated mother, grandmother, edu-
cator, and friend, who was beloved by 
so many people across Ouachita Parish 
and northeast Louisiana. 
Madam Speaker, I believe that the 
best way to describe the kind of person 
Sherra was is to use the words of her 
daughter, Tori Fertitta Mortensen. She 
said, ‘‘Her happiness was in seeing the 
happiness and good works of others.’’ 
Sherra was the kind of person who 
lifted you up every single time you saw 
her. On a personal level, she was al-
ways kind and encouraging, never for-
getting to tell me that she was praying 
for me. It is her caring spirit and re-
markable kindness that emerges as a 
common theme in the memories of her 
friends. 
Sherra was a mom who was abso-
lutely dedicated to her family. She was 
a teacher who believed that it is essen-
tial to pass along the love of learning 
to the next generation. She not only 
imparted her wisdom on others but 
also reminded them that ‘‘education is 
the best investment.’’ 
Sherra was a valued member of our 
community, who worked tirelessly to 
make it a better place. For instance, 
when 
she 
was 
working 
in 
the 
healthcare industry, she organized fo-
rums that would allow doctors and 
medical professionals to share informa-
tion and connect with individuals who 
needed care and assistance. 
She believed that being involved in 
the political process, helping elect 
good people to office, and being a 
strong advocate for your beliefs and 
values was essential to improving not 
just our community but our country. 
She was a longtime leader for the 
Ouachita Parish Republican Women 
and served on the parish’s Republican 
Executive Committee. She volunteered 
on 
numerous 
campaigns 
and 
even 
helped produce a local radio show. 
Madam Speaker, I could go on and on 
about all that Sherra Fertitta did for 
our community in Ouachita Parish, 
that is the kind of person she was. 
We know that her true legacy lives 
on through her family, her friends, and 
the countless people whose lives she 
touched here on Earth. We will miss 
her immeasurably and the joy that 
Sherra Fertitta brought to our lives 
will never be forgotten. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:26 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00019
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.027
H09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 18-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5432 
June 9, 2022 
HONORING THE MEMORY OF 
DAVID LEBLANC 
(Mr. PAPPAS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. PAPPAS. Madam Speaker, I rise 
to pay tribute to David LeBlanc of Not-
tingham, New Hampshire, who passed 
away on this day 6 years ago. 
A lifelong New Hampshire resident, 
David was born and raised in Man-
chester and worked in the line depart-
ment at Public Service of New Hamp-
shire for over 30 years. 
He was an avid runner, whose legacy 
lives on through the Greater Man-
chester Running Club, which he found-
ed with his wife, Cheryl, in 1980. 
David honorably served the State and 
his country as a member of the New 
Hampshire 
Army 
National 
Guard. 
Today, he will be reinterred at the New 
Hampshire State Veterans Cemetery, 
something that is only possible because 
we changed the law this year. 
I was proud to sponsor this legisla-
tion that ensures all of our veterans, 
including members of the National 
Guard and Reserves, can be laid to rest 
in State veterans cemeteries. 
The National Guard and Reserves are 
a critical component of our military 
and sacrifice so much to keep us safe. 
As we honor the memory of David 
LeBlanc, let us honor the service of all 
of our veterans and ensure they are not 
forgotten. 
f 
PRIME-TIME TELEVISION SOAP 
OPERA 
(Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. LAMALFA. Madam Speaker, to-
night starts the latest development in 
this political circus otherwise known 
as the Select Committee to Investigate 
the January 6th Attack on the United 
States Capitol. In prime time. 
Instead of working to combat issues 
facing 
Americans, 
such 
as 
sky-
rocketing inflation, decreases in real 
wages, gas prices barreling towards $7 a 
gallon or $8—if you are a lucky Califor-
nian—or the invasion of our southern 
border, House Democrats are con-
tinuing 
their 
witch 
hunt 
against 
former President Trump, who seems to 
still be living rent-free inside their 
heads. 
This time, in a certain boost to their 
own vanity, the committee has hired 
former ABC News president, James 
Goldston, to produce it. 
They aren’t interested in the truth. 
They aren’t interested in justice; not 
even the intel that was available ahead 
of the possible Capitol break-in that 
they knew about. 
The committee is putting on a spec-
tacle, a Hollywood produced, prime- 
time television soap opera to distract 
viewers from the real policy-made dis-
asters. 
How out of touch are they with the 
American people? Do you think the 
young mother desperately trying to 
find formula for her newborn cares 
about this hearing? 
Do you think the farmer who can’t 
plant this year due to the water short-
age, the water being taken away, or 
the trucker who can’t use his equip-
ment because diesel is over $7 or $8 
cares about this hearing? 
Even liberal San Francisco recalled 
their radical DA because he stopped 
caring about the people and opened up 
the city to a crime wave they haven’t 
seen in decades. 
People want answers and change, and 
it isn’t about this January 6 deal. 
f 
INVESTING IN OUR WATER 
RESOURCES 
(Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend her re-
marks.) 
Ms. KAPTUR. Madam Speaker, fresh 
water is life. I rise today to applaud 
House passage of the 2022 Water Re-
sources Development Act. 
As chair of the House Subcommittee 
on Appropriations Energy and Water 
Development and Related Agencies, 
one of my top priorities is advancing 
solutions and funding to meet the crit-
ical, new, freshwater challenges to 
every State and community in Amer-
ica. 
To grow our economy, create good- 
paying jobs, and protect and conserve 
our precious environmental resources, 
we must invest in freshwater systems 
and in our ports, harbors, and water-
ways. We must strengthen commu-
nities and ensure Federal agencies, like 
the Army Corps of Engineers, are pre-
pared for the challenges of today and 
tomorrow. 
As a representative of the agricul-
tural and industrial heartland of Amer-
ica, our Great Lakes region is home to 
those who make, build, and grow Amer-
ica. The water resources bill will un-
leash their full potential, meeting new 
challenges to our ecosystem. 
I look forward to working with the 
U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and our 
local partners to deliver progress for 
the American people in every nook and 
cranny of our beloved homeland. 
f 
JUNE IS NATIONAL DAIRY MONTH 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-
dress the House for 1 minute and to re-
vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today to recog-
nize June as National Dairy Month. 
As Republican leader of the House 
Agriculture Committee, I am proud to 
be a descendant of a long line of dairy 
farmers. In fact, Pennsylvania is one of 
the largest milk-producing States in 
the Nation. We are home to more than 
474,000 cows. 
National Dairy Month began as Na-
tional Milk Month in 1937. Now, it has 
developed into an annual tradition that 
celebrates the contributions the dairy 
industry has made to the world. From 
calcium to potassium, dairy products 
like milk contain 13 essential nutri-
ents, which may help to better manage 
your weight, reduce your risk for high 
blood pressure, osteoporosis, and cer-
tain cancers. 
Yet, for too long, dairy products like 
milk have been unfairly demonized. 
Not only does it hurt our dairy indus-
try, but it has also resulted in the loss 
of nearly an entire generation of milk 
drinkers. Kids have been cheated out of 
the nutrition that they need. 
Madam Speaker, whether it is pro-
tein to help build and repair the muscle 
tissue of active bodies or vitamin A to 
help maintain healthy skin, dairy prod-
ucts are a natural nutrient power-
house. Those are just a few reasons we 
should celebrate dairy, not just in June 
but every day all year long. 
Happy National Dairy Month. 
f 
AMERICA IS BEYOND THOUGHTS 
AND PRAYERS 
(Mr. KAHELE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute.) 
Mr. KAHELE. Madam Speaker, today 
I urge the United States Senate to pass 
the Protecting Our Kids Act. The 
Uvalde shooting in Texas is one of 
many mass school shootings that will 
remain a forever stain on our country. 
We find ourselves here again, in the 
wake of another elementary school 
massacre, expressing condolences, sym-
pathy, and outrage. 
As a parent to two elementary 
school-aged children, when my wife and 
I take our daughters to school, we ex-
pect them to run to our car, with 
smiles on their faces at the end of 
every fun-filled school day. 
Once more, the House took action 
this week and voted to move this for-
ward. We worked in a bipartisan fash-
ion to pass the most basic measures to 
keep our families safe from gun vio-
lence. This commonsense bill will save 
lives. It makes crucial changes, raising 
the age for buying an assault rifle to 
21, working toward safe gun storage, 
and reducing the unregulated traf-
ficking of guns. 
We are many school shootings past 
thoughts and prayers. Sandy Hook, 
Parkland, Columbine. We need action 
now. Time and time again, this Nation 
has failed to act. 
We must pass comprehensive gun vio-
lence prevention legislation to protect 
my children, to protect your children, 
to protect America’s children. The 
American people are demanding for us 
to act. It is time to act now. 
f 
ADDRESSING GUN VIOLENCE 
(Mr. KILDEE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute.) 
Mr. KILDEE. Madam Speaker, from 
Oxford, Michigan, to Uvalde, Texas, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:55 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00020
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.029
H09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 19-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5433 
June 9, 2022 
Americans have seen more than 240 
mass shootings in just 158 days. In the 
past week, a pregnant woman was shot 
at a picnic in Saginaw, Michigan, and a 
young boy was shot in Flint. 
It does not have to be this way. 
America is the only developed coun-
try in the world where this type of gun 
violence happens every single day. 
And that is why I support these com-
monsense efforts to expand red flag 
laws; to raise the purchasing age for 
some semiautomatic weapons to 21 
years of age; to crack down on gun 
trafficking and straw purchases; to ad-
dress ghost guns, untraceable guns 
without serial numbers that can be 
bought and assembled at home; to re-
strict high-capacity magazines; and to 
ban bump stocks, devices that turn 
semiautomatic rifles into automatic 
weapons, into a machine gun. 
I wrote this legislation back in 2017 
after a mass shooter in Las Vegas was 
able to fire over 1,000 rounds in just 
mere minutes, killing 60 people. 
While no single law will stop every 
tragedy, we can do what we can, and 
that is why I support this important 
legislation. I am glad the House passed 
it. The Senate should take it up now. 
f 
b 1145 
CHILDREN KILLED BY GUN 
VIOLENCE THIS YEAR 
(Mr. CASTEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute.) 
Mr. CASTEN. Madam Speaker, I will 
take a moment after the shootings this 
week just to read the names of the 
children under 10 years old in America 
who have been killed by guns so far 
this year. 
Aiden, age 8. 
Alice, a newborn. 
Alyssa, age 6. 
Amare, age 10. 
Andres, age 9. 
Antonio, who went by the nickname 
‘‘Espn,’’ age 7. 
Arbrie, age 8. 
Ariah, age 7. 
Arlene, age 9. 
Asa, age 8. 
Ashton, age 2. 
Autumn, age 3. 
Avery, 3. 
Bella, 4, and her sister, Brixx, was a 
newborn. 
Bridger, age 10. 
Bryson, 3. 
Caleb, 5. 
Cayden, 10. 
Charlie, 10. 
Charlotte, 9. 
Charvez, 2. 
Chloe, 7. 
Clesslynn, 2. 
Madam Speaker, I realize I am being 
gaveled out there, but there are 600 
names on this list. I can’t read these in 
1 minute. 
Are we going to act, or are we going 
to throw up useless thoughts and pray-
ers? It is time to act. 
GUN LAWS 
(Mr. GROTHMAN asked and was 
given permission to address the House 
for 1 minute.) 
Mr. GROTHMAN. Madam Speaker, 
America has been through a tough 
time the last few weeks due to serious 
incidents that happened in Buffalo and 
in Texas. But last week, I was down at 
the Mexican border, and I talked to 
some Border Patrol guys, who, because 
we were Congressmen, brought up what 
happens when we make it as difficult 
as possible for law-abiding people to 
own guns. 
Right now, if you compare Mexico 
and the United States, Mexico has—per 
capita—about five times as many mur-
ders as they do in the U.S. Not 5 per-
cent more, not 50 percent more, five 
times as many. I am sure the Mexican 
elected officials who passed those laws 
making it so difficult to get a gun 
thought they were going to have a 
peaceful paradise down there. 
Right now, many people are running 
all over each other to say: Let’s pass 
law. Let’s pass this law. Let’s take a 
look and see what happened in Mexico 
and whether the sole answer is more 
laws. 
Meanwhile, I have a bill making it 
more difficult to bring guns into 
schools, and right now, that bill is not 
moving. I think that would have a good 
impact. 
f 
RECOGNIZING BETTY REID SOSKIN 
(Mr. DESAULNIER asked and was 
given permission to address the House 
for 1 minute.) 
Mr. DESAULNIER. Madam Speaker, I 
rise today to recognize my friend, 
Betty Reid Soskin, as she finally en-
ters retirement from the National Park 
Service at age 100. Betty has had too 
many jobs and too many accomplish-
ments and too many compliments for 
just 1 minute, so I will share a few of 
the highlights of this remarkable wom-
an’s life. 
During World War II, Betty was a file 
clerk for the Boilermakers Union A–36 
in Richmond, California, an all-Black 
union auxiliary. 
In 2004, she became a park ranger 
with the National Park Service as-
signed to the Rosie the Riveter Park in 
Richmond, California. In this role, 
Betty shared her story as a young 
Black woman working during the war 
and long held the honorable distinction 
of being the Nation’s oldest National 
Park Ranger. 
Americans came from all over the 
country to listen to Betty’s voice. 
Betty has been recognized over the 
years for her advocacy and her com-
mitment to social justice, including by 
President Obama as Glamour maga-
zine’s Woman of the Year, and re-
cently, had a local middle school 
named after her. 
Betty is an important part of our 
community and our country, and I am 
proud to call her a friend and a con-
stituent. Her leadership and passionate 
spirit are an inspiration to all of us, all 
who have been fortunate enough to 
know her and for all Americans who 
know of her. 
Congratulations, Betty, and thank 
you for a wonderful life of service to 
our community and to our country. 
f 
COMPREHENSIVE GUN REFORM 
(Mr. JEFFRIES asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute.) 
Mr. JEFFRIES. Madam Speaker, this 
week, House Democrats have led the ef-
fort to pass comprehensive gun vio-
lence prevention legislation to address 
this epidemic here in America. We will 
also ensure that the American people 
know the truth, the whole truth, and 
nothing but the truth with respect to 
the violent insurrection and attack on 
our Capitol to protect the integrity of 
our democracy. 
At the same time, we continue to 
fight for good-paying jobs, to lower 
costs and ensure an economy that 
works for everyday Americans. We be-
lieve in a country where if you work 
hard and play by the rules, you should 
be able to provide a comfortable living 
for yourself and for your family, edu-
cate your children, purchase a home, 
and retire with grace and dignity. That 
is the great American Dream that we 
are fighting to preserve for the people. 
f 
SECOND AMENDMENT RIGHTS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-
uary 4, 2021, the gentleman from Texas 
(Mr. GOHMERT) is recognized for 60 min-
utes as the designee of the minority 
leader. 
Mr. GOHMERT. Madam Speaker, I 
yield to the gentleman from Florida 
(Mr. RUTHERFORD), my friend. 
Mr. RUTHERFORD. Madam Speaker, 
I thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. 
GOHMERT), my good friend, for yielding. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today to talk 
about a major problem facing our com-
munities, and that is human violence. I 
have four children and four beautiful 
grandchildren who are school-aged. 
Madam Speaker, I have to tell you, 
when I turned on the television set and 
saw what was going on in Uvalde, 
Texas, my heart sank. I saw my grand-
children in the faces of those children 
that I saw fleeing from that horrible 
violence that was being conducted that 
afternoon. It is too often that we turn 
on our TV sets and see images of 
schools locked down and grieving com-
munities. Unfortunately, as I men-
tioned, we saw that unfold in Uvalde, 
Texas. Yet, every time tragedy strikes, 
we hear the same conversation, calls 
for bans on firearms, universal back-
ground checks, and red flag laws. That 
is how we spent the last two days in 
this Chamber, talking about partisan 
bills that are, number one, redundant— 
a lot of these laws already exist—or 
number two, they are laws that will in-
fringe on the rights of law-abiding 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:26 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00021
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.031
H09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 20-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5434 
June 9, 2022 
American citizens. Ultimately, they 
won’t fix the problem. 
Madam Speaker, the problem is not 
guns. It is not gun violence. The prob-
lem is human violence. When I was 
sheriff, I used to explain to my commu-
nity occasionally, when gun violence— 
as they would call it—would erupt, and 
they would ask me to talk about it. 
Madam Speaker, I would tell the gen-
tleman, Mr. GOHMERT, I would always 
make the point to them that I could 
take that weapon off my hip, put it on 
that podium, and it would never, ever 
become violent. Now, some human may 
come along and pick it up and use it 
violently, but that is a human violence 
problem. It is not a gun violence prob-
lem. 
I carried a gun for 41 years. It never 
became violent. Yet, we see it over and 
over again. Humans are the cause of 
this violence. It is a cause of the grief 
that we are seeing today and feeling in 
Uvalde and Buffalo and so many other 
cities across America. 
We see it over and over again. A trag-
edy happens, a gunman is identified, 
and what do we learn? Then we learn 
that they showed all sorts of dangerous 
behavior and telltale signs of violence 
long before becoming a mass shooter, a 
murderer, 
killing 
animals, 
making 
threats, threatening words, self-harm, 
cutting themselves—the list goes on 
and on; mental health issues that 
should have been addressed long before 
they became an active shooter. 
Madam Speaker, but people don’t 
want to talk about that in the wake of 
a tragedy. The fact is, we already have 
the tools to deal with these individuals 
once they are identified. We have the 
tools to stop these horrific events be-
fore they happen. One of the things, as 
sheriff, I used to tell my officers all the 
time is I don’t want to be the best first 
responder to a mass casualty event. I 
want to prevent it before it occurs. 
Madam Speaker, I saw firsthand, 
countless times, when people were a 
danger, we stopped them before they 
could hurt others. We put them in jail. 
We arrested them for making threats. 
We identified them and we identified 
the threats that they were making, and 
we stopped them from acting on those 
threats. 
The challenge here, we must focus on 
identifying those who are a human 
threat to themselves and others and 
then intervene. Too many times after 
all of these events, we hear that con-
versation: Oh, I knew this guy. I am 
not surprised. 
Those are the conversations that we 
hear afterwards. We must identify 
those suffering from severe mental ill-
ness and formally adjudicate them so 
they cannot buy a firearm. That law 
already exists. We need to start adjudi-
cating those who are mentally ill and a 
danger. 
And let me say this: Everyone that 
has a mental illness is not a danger. 
Many people suffer mental illness and 
are not a danger. But those that are, 
we need to adjudicate them as such so 
that they can’t go down and buy a fire-
arm. Those laws are already on the 
books, but our community must do a 
better job of identifying those who 
need help and then get them the serv-
ices and treatment that they need and 
deserve. 
We could do this while also upholding 
basic due process rights. Our whole ju-
dicial process system is based on the 
assumption that people are innocent 
until proven guilty. But the ex-parte 
order issued through these red flag 
laws throws these fundamental rights 
out the window. 
Red flag laws take away a person’s 
Second Amendment rights and a lower 
evidentiary standard without the op-
portunity to even defend themselves in 
court. Ex-parte is almost a secretive 
process. It is going on without the 
accused’s knowledge. And we see how 
well the ex-parte process worked in the 
FISA courts, didn’t we? 
The reason our judicial system works 
is because it is adversarial. We have 
people on both sides of the issue who 
are fighting it out in court, discussing 
the facts. Ex-parte, you hear one side 
of the story. That is all. And they want 
to use that to take away your Second 
Amendment rights. Then once deprived 
of those rights, now we have to prove 
that we are innocent. 
This is backwards and ineffective at 
solving our violence problem. Before 
we quickly jump to pass bad legisla-
tion—like we just passed this after-
noon—let’s do a better job of enforcing 
the laws that are already on our books. 
Before we rehash the same talking 
points and debate partisan messaging 
bills, let’s work together on the areas 
where we need change. Let’s work to-
gether to bolster our mental health 
system so we can better identify people 
suffering from mental illness and adju-
dicate them if they are a danger and 
provide them the treatment they need 
and deserve. 
b 1200 
Let’s work together to strengthen 
penalties for those who steal and traf-
fic in firearms. Let’s work together to 
secure our schools and make sure that 
our kids have a safe place to learn. 
The STOP School Violence Act of 
2018, which was signed into law by 
President Trump, when we drafted the 
language for that bill, the first concern 
that I had was identification of those 
who are a threat, and that is the first 
part of that law. 
The second part of that law now is 
CPTED, crime prevention through en-
vironmental design, how we can stop 
those who may be coming to our 
schools to commit violence. 
Let’s work together to identify the 
signs of dangerous behavior and pre-
vent these acts of violence before they 
even happen. 
Mr. GOHMERT. Madam Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman for his comments. 
I know my friend mentioned he had 
been a sheriff. He has great expertise in 
knowing what he is talking about, and 
I appreciate his insights as a lawman. 
Madam Speaker, it is my pleasure 
and honor to yield to the gentleman 
from Texas (Mr. ARRINGTON), ambas-
sador from Texas Tech University, 
where their slogan is ‘‘Guns Up,’’ not 
because they are violent, but I have al-
ways taken it to mean they were ready 
to preserve and protect if the need 
arose. 
Mr. ARRINGTON. Madam Speaker, I 
have never been more proud to be a 
Red Raider than after that introduc-
tion, I can tell you that. 
I thank the gentleman, my fellow 
freedom-loving Texan, Representative 
GOHMERT, for yielding me the time. We 
will miss Representative GOHMERT in 
this Chamber and the fight that he 
brought every day for the people in 
this people’s House. 
I will lend my thoughts and senti-
ments on this issue of violence. As my 
colleague 
from 
Florida 
mentioned, 
human 
violence, 
sometimes 
per-
petrated with guns, is a human prob-
lem, a problem of the soul, a problem 
of society, the degradation of our cul-
ture and our families. These are issues 
far deeper than legislation can reach, I 
can assure you. 
I understand, because I am human, 
that we want to do something and that 
while that may be a human response, 
as lawmakers, we should ask the ques-
tion not can we do something sym-
bolic, can we do something to make the 
American people feel good, because 
that is not going to save a single ele-
mentary school child. We have to ask 
the question: What can we do that will 
actually work, and what can we do that 
will also preserve the rights of our citi-
zens to protect themselves? 
I think we often forget and fail to 
start this conversation with the gen-
esis and the fundamental rationale for 
the Second Amendment. Our Founders 
knew good and well the abuses, the cor-
ruption, and the tyrannical force from 
a coercive central government. They 
wanted to make sure that not only 
could we preserve our happiness and 
our life and liberty from the crazy and 
the criminal; they wanted to make 
sure that we would have a last check 
on tyranny with an armed citizenry. 
Folks, the Second Amendment is 
there, and we have preserved this ex-
periment in liberty and democracy for 
240-plus years, even though, in the 20th 
century alone, tens of millions of peo-
ple have been slaughtered by their own 
government. We have preserved this 
great beacon of liberty, this shining 
city on a hill, because of that founding 
principle that the Second Amendment 
is the citizen’s last check on an abusive 
government. 
The Declaration of Independence says 
it best. It talks about the mission of a 
government that has the consent of the 
people to protect and secure the lib-
erties of those people, and whenever 
any form of government becomes de-
structive of those ends, it is the right 
of the people to alter or abolish it. But 
it goes further. It says when there is a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:26 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00022
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.033
H09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 21-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5435 
June 9, 2022 
long train of abuses and usurpation, re-
ducing the society to absolute des-
potism, it is the right and even the 
duty of the people to throw off that 
government. 
Folks, that is the context to the Sec-
ond Amendment. It is not just to give 
east Texans and west Texans a hunting 
license. And I think it is critical. 
As we grieve with our brothers and 
sisters in Uvalde, and it is heart-
breaking and unthinkable to see that 
tragedy play out and to see these fami-
lies suffer, but I think it is incumbent 
upon mature lawmakers and leaders of 
the greatest and freest country in the 
world to take a deep breath and ask 
the question: Will these things that we 
are talking about with respect to gun 
control actually do anything to stop 
these crazy, murderous people from 
committing their crimes? 
We need to let Uvalde grieve. We 
need to let the final report come out. 
We all need to be more vigilant. 
Quite frankly, when we talk about 18- 
to 21-year-olds and extreme risk orders 
and all the litany of things that are 
being debated in this Chamber, we 
ought to let the States like Texas, 
along with their communities, figure 
out how to solve these problems and se-
cure their schools and communities. 
The Federal Government’s mission at 
its core is to secure the liberties of the 
people and provide for a common de-
fense. Let Texas figure this out. 
My goodness, the very gun control 
laws that were passed out of this 
Chamber have been in place in cities 
and States with the highest gun-re-
lated crimes. 
No more feel-good measures, no more 
infringing measures. Let’s pray for 
Uvalde. Let’s let Texas solve those 
problems. Let’s protect the God-given, 
constitutionally protected rights of 
every American to defend themselves 
against the criminal and, God forbid, a 
coercive government. 
God bless America, and I thank the 
gentleman from Texas for yielding. 
Mr. GOHMERT. Madam Speaker, I 
appreciate the wise observations of my 
friend from Texas. I couldn’t have 
asked for a better lead-in to the 
thoughts that I have on this very issue. 
Mr. ARRINGTON
had some great in-
sights. 
I have an article here from, of all 
things, ABC News. Above the name of 
the author, Bill Hutchinson, is a quote 
from a police official saying: ‘‘It is 
worse than a war zone around here 
lately.’’ 
The article says: ‘‘At least 12 major 
U.S. cities have broken annual homi-
cide records in 2021—and there is still 3 
weeks to go in the year.’’ This is from 
December 8, 2021. This article became 
more relevant because of the horrors 
that occurred in Uvalde. 
Another quote, from Philadelphia 
Mayor Jim Kenney: ‘‘It is terrible to 
every morning get up and have to go 
look at the numbers and then look at 
the news and see the stories. It is just 
crazy. It is just crazy, and this needs to 
stop.’’ He said that after the city sur-
passed its annual homicide record of 
500, which had stood since 1990. 
‘‘Philadelphia, a city of roughly 1.5 
million people, has had more homicides 
this year’’—this is 2021—‘‘(521 as of De-
cember 6) than the Nation’s two largest 
cities, New York (443 as of December 5) 
and Los Angeles (352 as of November 
27). That is an increase of 13 percent 
from 2020, a year that nearly broke the 
1990 record.’’ 
The article goes on and talks about 
all these shootings in our major cities. 
In fact, these aren’t considered mass 
shootings. They don’t meet that defini-
tion as commonly used. 
From 
worldpopulationreview.com, 
the top 10 cities in the United States 
with the highest murder rates—and 
that is murders per 100,000 people— 
number one is St. Louis; number two, 
Baltimore; number three, New Orleans; 
number four, Detroit; number five, 
Cleveland; number six, Las Vegas; 
number seven, Kansas City; number 
eight, Memphis; number nine, Newark; 
and number 10, Chicago. 
Now, all of those cities have Demo-
crat mayors. Las Vegas has an inde-
pendent who was a Democrat until 2009 
when he announced now being an Inde-
pendent. 
We also, in 2021, had 16 cities hit 
record-high 
homicide 
rates. 
Again, 
rates normally are calculated in mur-
ders per 100,000 people. Rochester, New 
York, had 80. Philadelphia had 524. 
Louisville, Kentucky, had 179. Baton 
Rouge had 115. That was an unofficial 
number but, apparently, accurate or 
close to accurate. Austin had 88. Indi-
anapolis had 258. St. Paul had 35. Port-
land, Oregon, had 84. Albuquerque had 
107. Tucson had 92. Columbus had 179. 
Jackson, Mississippi, had 129. Atlanta, 
Georgia, had 150. New Haven, Con-
necticut, had 25, which is a tremendous 
number for a small city. Macon, Geor-
gia, had 52. Milwaukee had 190. 
Additional cities with high homicide 
rates, naturally, Chicago had 797 homi-
cides in 1 year, yet Mayor Lightfoot, 
prominent 
Democrat 
that 
she 
is, 
doesn’t want to get to the root causes 
of that. 
b 1215 
Black lives matter. There is abso-
lutely an inordinate number of Black 
lives that are taken in these Democrat- 
controlled cities. 
New York, New York had 481. It is 
just tragic what has gone on. So what 
is different? We have had guns in 
America. In fact, not only have we had 
them from our founding, if it were not 
for guns in America we would not have 
had a founding, starting perhaps with 
Lexington Green. 
People in America had guns and they 
defended themselves and they defended 
their liberty. That is how we came to 
have what I believe is the greatest 
country in the history of the world. I 
know there are a lot of schools that are 
teaching how terrible this country is, 
but I hear over and over from people 
that come here to the United States 
from other countries, and they say: 
You have got to protect your freedom 
because if you lose your liberty, your 
freedom here in America, there will be 
nowhere else in the world anyone can 
go to be free. 
Historically, countries don’t go fight 
for other people’s freedom, yet, this 
country has. We fought the bloodiest 
war with the biggest loss of life here on 
our own soil for the freedom of people 
who were slaves. Yes, I know States’ 
rights were a big part, but let’s face it, 
slavery was at the bottom of it all. 
Countries don’t do that. This one did. 
You even had the Founders do some-
thing that Founders don’t do histori-
cally. They condemned themselves in 
their own founding documents by say-
ing all men are created equal, they are 
endowed by their creator with certain 
inalienable rights. 
Thomas Jefferson himself put the 
grievance in the declaration. There was 
disagreement on it. Here he was a slave 
owner, yet, the most offensive, longest 
paragraph of the grievances was be-
cause King George had allowed slavery 
to ever start. The problem, or the 
wrong, that was being done through 
that institution, it was wrong. Yes, I 
know it has always been here on Earth. 
As I understand, there may be 40 mil-
lion or more people in slavery right 
now today in our modern world, but it 
doesn’t make it right anywhere and it 
needs to stop. This country had people 
who were Founders that condemned 
themselves by putting that language in 
there because they knew what was 
right. 
This is an unusual country. I know 
Solomon’s Israel was an absolutely 
amazing place, supposedly the wisest 
man to ever live. Of course, he had so 
many wives and that creates problems. 
More opportunities. More liberty here 
than anywhere. Yet, we have spent the 
week hearing over and over about the 
need for gun control. 
The first time I was asked if I sup-
ported gun control years ago, I said: 
Well, of course I do. We were taught in 
the Army that the most effective gun 
control back then was—I believe there 
were eight steady hold factors—which 
was the best way to control your gun 
while firing—the steady hold factors 
were taught. 
They don’t teach that in the Army 
anymore, as I understand it. Kids have 
grown up around guns in America and 
we didn’t have mass shootings. There is 
something going on here. I know I was 
condemned roundly this week, yester-
day, talking about—we had friends 
across the aisle who made clear they 
didn’t want to hear any more about 
prayer. They wanted to do something. 
They didn’t seem to care if it was 
wrong. They wanted to do something. 
Well, John Lott, Jr., had this article 
on May 26 in Newsweek. I am just 
touching on certain parts. 
He said: ‘‘Just as with so many of 
these attackers’’—talking about the 
shooter in Uvalde—‘‘the man who at-
tacked Robb Elementary School picked 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:26 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00023
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.035
H09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 22-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5436 
June 9, 2022 
a place where people were banned from 
carrying concealed handguns. For ex-
ample, the perpetrator of the Buffalo 
shooting from a couple of weeks ago 
wrote in his manifesto: ‘Areas where’ 
carrying with a concealed weapon ‘are 
outlawed or prohibited may be good 
areas of attack.’ ’’ 
He put that in the manifesto in case 
people just were too dense to under-
stand that it draws shooters if they 
know they have got soft targets. 
John Lott says: ‘‘Teachers and staff 
can carry concealed handguns in about 
30 percent of Texas school districts, so 
we don’t need to guess how the policy 
would work. Nineteen other States also 
allow concealed carry in schools. Since 
the year 2000, there has yet to be a sin-
gle case of someone being wounded or 
killed from a shooting, let alone a mass 
public shooting, between 6 a.m. and 
midnight at a school that lets teachers 
carry guns. 
‘‘While there have not been any prob-
lems with armed teachers, the number 
of people killed at schools without con-
cealed carry has increased signifi-
cantly over the course of the last dec-
ade. 
‘‘Biden’s speech Tuesday night con-
tained one misleading or false state-
ment after another. Instead of trying 
to bring the country together, it politi-
cized the attack. When mentioning the 
Sandy Hook, Parkland, Santa Fe, and 
Oxford school shootings, Biden claimed 
that there were 900 instances of gunfire 
at schools over the last 10 years. But 
someone committing suicide in a car 
parking lot at 2 a.m., two gangs fight-
ing over drug turf in a parking lot after 
school hours, and an accidental dis-
charge in a firearms training class are 
not remotely similar to the sort of 
shooting that happened Tuesday. Even 
including lone suicides, accidental dis-
charges, including those by police, and 
gang fights, the number—as compiled 
by my organization, the Crime Preven-
tion Research Center, is about half of 
what Biden claims it is: 470. 
‘‘Since 1998, there have been a total 
of nine attacks similar to the Robb El-
ementary School shooting. Nine is nine 
too many. But once you adjust for pop-
ulation, there are many other coun-
tries, from Germany to Russia to Fin-
land, that have comparable rates of 
school shootings. 
‘‘Biden says that we need common-
sense gun laws, but what he proposes 
simply will not help. He doesn’t seem 
to realize that over 92 percent of vio-
lent crime in America has nothing to 
do with guns. Focusing on so-called ‘as-
sault weapons’ is not only not going to 
stop mass public shootings, but it 
won’t make a difference in reducing 
murders at large. 
Madam Speaker, one murder is too 
many. 
‘‘Only a small share of murders are 
committed with rifles, let alone ‘as-
sault rifles,’ and that share has grown 
even smaller over time. The percentage 
of firearm murders committed with ri-
fles was 4.8 percent prior to the Federal 
‘assault weapons’ ban that took effect 
in September 1994. 
‘‘When the ban was in effect, from 
1995 to 2004, the figure stood at 4.9 per-
cent.’’ Up a tenth of a percent with the 
so-called assault weapons ban in effect. 
‘‘And since 2004, it’s been even lower. 
Based on these numbers, it’s hard to 
argue that the ban did anything at all. 
‘‘ ‘When we passed the assault weap-
ons ban, mass shootings went down. 
When the law expired, mass shootings 
tripled,’ Biden claimed. In fact, there 
was no drop in the number of attacks 
with ‘assault weapons,’ and virtually 
no change in total mass shootings, dur-
ing the 1994 to 2004 ban.’’ 
We know from the rules of the 
House—I can’t say anybody lied, in-
cluding the President, but whoever is 
putting 
those 
words 
in 
his 
tele-
prompter sure was because that just 
didn’t happen, it misrepresented the 
truth—I am sure not intentionally. 
‘‘Biden asked Americans why people 
need ‘assault weapons’ to hunt deer. 
But, in reality, many so-called ‘assault 
weapons’ are nothing more than small- 
game hunting rifles. The AR–15 plat-
form 
has 
just 
been 
made 
to 
cosmetically resemble a military-grade 
weapon.’’ 
For people that know weapons, it 
fires a .223 round. It is just 3/1000ths 
bigger around than a .22. 
We were taught in military science— 
and I had an Army scholarship at 
Texas A&M—that Vietnam had gone to 
the M–16, now the M–4, same basic gun. 
It fires the same size round—or in the 
metric system, 556. We were taught 
that, gee, it is a higher speed, but the 
rounds are lighter weight, therefore, 
our military can carry more of them. 
We were also taught it certainly is not 
more lethal than what was being used 
before with the 7.62 round. 
John Lott says, ‘‘The Uvalde tragedy 
will inevitably lead to a push for so- 
called ‘red flag’ laws or extreme risk 
protection orders. You would never 
know this from the media coverage, 
but the Federal Government and every 
State already have laws on the books 
that deal with people who are a danger 
to themselves or to others. These laws 
are commonly known as ‘Baker Act’ 
statutes, though they go by different 
names in different States. They typi-
cally allow police, doctors, and family 
members to have someone held for a 
mental health examination based upon 
a simple reasonableness test—effec-
tively 
amounting 
to 
an 
educated 
guess.’’ 
Further down: ‘‘When faced with 
legal bills that can easily amount to 
$10,000 for a hearing, few people find 
that it makes sense to fight ‘red flag’ 
laws just to keep their guns. Judges 
will thus initially confiscate a person’s 
gun on the basis of a written complaint 
and ‘reasonable suspicion.’ When hear-
ings take place weeks later, courts 
overturn a third of the initial orders. 
But since few defendants have legal 
representation, the actual error rate is 
undoubtedly much higher. 
‘‘When people pose a clear danger to 
themselves or to others, they should be 
confined to a mental health facility. If 
someone is really suicidal, simply tak-
ing away his gun won’t solve the prob-
lem anyway. If anything, ‘red flag’ 
laws harm people who need genuine 
help; absent such laws, a person con-
templating suicide might speak to a 
friend or family member and be dis-
suaded from that tragic course of ac-
tion. 
‘‘It is well past time that we address 
these mass public shootings. But let’s 
come up with proposals that matter— 
starting with eliminating ‘gun-free 
zones’.’’ 
b 1230 
It also is worth noting, although 
some say assault weapon bans would 
reduce mass shootings and they think 
an assault weapon would be an auto-
matic weapon—you hear that over and 
over, Madam Speaker. Actually, auto-
matic weapons are already illegal and 
unavailable to the general public. As-
sault weapons are only available to the 
military. Though you have people who 
are vying for gigs on CNN or MSNBC 
who may say otherwise, but people who 
actually are not don’t have an ulterior 
motive. They know an AR–15 is most 
often used as a defensive weapon. 
I have heard why more people like an 
AR–15 with such a small round as a de-
fensive weapon at home is people who 
don’t fire weapons often end up twitch-
ing before the gun is fired which is ex-
tremely harmful to the accuracy. The 
AR–15, because the round is so small, it 
doesn’t have much of a kick at all, and 
so people who are not used to using 
guns actually can be more accurate 
and find it more helpful. 
We have people here saying that you 
shouldn’t have more than five rounds. 
Yet, if you have multiple people com-
ing into your home threatening your 
family, Madam Speaker, and they will 
each have guns most likely, then you 
need that. 
Of course, I had a guy last time, some 
years back, when there was talk by 
Democrats about eliminating or mak-
ing illegal multiple rounds in a maga-
zine, and I had a guy over in the Ray-
burn Building who told me, I know you 
all are looking at banning multiple 
rounds in magazines. I am from Geor-
gia. We don’t want that because we 
find that, generally speaking, it takes 
over 50 rounds to bring down a drone. 
I thought he was kidding, but he 
didn’t smile. So that was news to me. 
That is the only time I have heard that 
request for multiple rounds in a maga-
zine. 
But the ‘‘Updated Assessment of the 
Federal Assault Weapons Ban: Impacts 
on Gun Markets and Gun Violence, 1994 
to 2003,’’ the Department of Justice 
concluded this: ‘‘Should it be renewed, 
the ban’s effects on gun violence are 
likely to be small at best and perhaps 
too small for reliable measurement. 
Assault weapons were rarely used in 
gun crimes even before the ban.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:55 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00024
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.037
H09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 23-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5437 
June 9, 2022 
According to recent data from the 
FBI between 2015 and 2019, you were 
twice as likely to be killed by hands or 
feet than you are to be killed by a rifle. 
That is really amazing and shocking. 
Our society, if you go back to a Su-
preme Court case in the late 1800s, they 
reviewed pages and pages of evidence 
and said that they didn’t think there 
was any question that the United 
States was a Christian nation—not 
that everybody in the United States 
was a Christian, of course not, never 
has been. But that Christian and 
Judeo-Christian principles had a major 
effect on our founding and on the coun-
try up through those times. 
I would agree with President Obama 
when he said we are not a Christian na-
tion. I think the Supreme Court was 
right back in the late 1800s, and I think 
President Obama was right when he 
said that we are not now. 
So what is the answer? 
What is amazing to me is we have 
people deeply concerned—and I have 
friends across the aisle, I know their 
heart, and I know how desperately con-
cerned they are about these shootings, 
and they want to stop them. 
But if you look at the data, Madam 
Speaker, and you look at the cold, hard 
facts, the number one State in the Na-
tion for gun control laws is California. 
This article is from AWR Hawkins 
from June 5, 2022: 
‘‘An FBI report on active shooter in-
cidents in 2021 shows that California 
was the number one State for such in-
cidents, with six incidents total. 
California is also number one for gun 
law strength, the Mike Bloomberg-af-
filiated Everytown for Gun Safety 
noted. 
According to the FBI, there were 61 
‘active shooter incidents’ across the 
country in 2021 and 12 of the incidents 
met the definition ‘of mass killing’.’’ 
Madam Speaker, California—where 
our Speaker is from—led the Nation 
with six of those 12 active shooter inci-
dents: 
California 
has 
universal 
background 
checks, an assault weapons ban, a high-ca-
pacity magazine ban, a 10-day waiting period 
on gun purchases, they have got the red flag 
laws, gun registration requirements, good 
cause requirements for concealed carry, a 
ban on carrying a gun on a college campus 
for self-defense, a ban on K–12 teachers being 
armed on campus, a background check re-
quirement for ammunition purchases, and a 
limit on the number of guns a law-abiding 
citizen can purchase in a given month, 
among other controls. 
Additionally, ammunition purchases are 
only allowed if made through a State-ap-
proved vendor. 
Yet, as a friend mentioned at the be-
ginning of our hour here, Madam 
Speaker, you have got more shootings 
in Mexico. 
As 
this 
article 
from 
‘‘American 
Wire’’ by Melissa Fine indicates that: 
‘‘According to the National Shooting 
Sports Foundation, retailer surveys re-
vealed a 58 percent increase in gun 
sales to African Americans, a 49 per-
cent increase among Hispanic Ameri-
cans, and firearm sales to Asian Ameri-
cans jumped by 43 percent.’’ 
According to this article there is a 
guy named Juan Ramireo, who immi-
grated from Mexico as a teenager, said: 
‘‘As a Mexican immigrant, I feel that 
people are waking up.’’ 
Ramireo, who legally immigrated to 
the United States when he was 13, said, 
The Second Amendment is a large rea-
son why people feel safer here in the 
U.S. and in their homes at night. He 
said that as a kid—of course, living in 
Mexico—he knew what it was like to 
feel helpless. Nobody wants that feel-
ing. 
He said, ‘‘I saw my mom and grand-
mother go through several struggles 
and feelings of fear in our small Mexi-
can town. It was difficult. But after 
moving here to the U.S., it’s a new 
world. I go to bed with no worry about 
defending myself and my family.’’ 
That is because he and his family 
have guns. 
So what makes a difference? 
We heard in our hearing in the Judi-
ciary Committee from some Democrats 
that they didn’t want to attribute any 
effect to social media. They didn’t 
want us to attribute any effect to vio-
lent video games or to Hollywood or to 
mental illness or to godlessness or to 
fatherlessness or to drug use. 
Yet we need to talk about these 
things. We really need to talk about 
these things. 
We were told that they didn’t want to 
hear anything more about prayers. And 
I know some media has made a big deal 
of that. But the fact is before prayers 
were eliminated in schools we didn’t 
have the kind of mass shootings we do 
today. 
I read a quote from a man named 
A.A. Hodge who was the principal of 
the Princeton Seminary and a pro-
fessor of systematic theology back be-
fore the turn of the century of 1900. In 
fact, it was a few months before his 
death in 1886. Jim Garlow had quoted 
Reverend Hodge. 
He warned a few months before his 
death, ‘‘I am as sure as I am of the fact 
of Christ’s reign that a comprehensive 
and centralized system of national edu-
cation, separated from religion, as is 
now commonly proposed, will prove the 
most appalling enginery for the propa-
gation of anti-Christian and atheistic 
unbelief, and of anti-social nihilistic 
ethics, individual, social and political, 
which this sin-rent world has ever 
seen.’’ 
George Orwell commented, ‘‘Some-
times the first duty of intelligent men 
is the restatement of the obvious.’’ He 
said, ‘‘The further a society drifts from 
the truth, the more it will hate those 
who speak it.’’ 
I am getting a lot of hate. 
‘‘The most effective way to destroy 
people is to deny and obliterate their 
own understanding of their history.’’ 
We are getting a lot of that in this 
country: eliminate our history, lie 
about our history, and tear down our 
history and our statues. 
When the truth is you learn from 
good history and you learn from bad 
history, Madam Speaker, and if you 
don’t get all of it or you get inaccurate 
history, you don’t learn anything accu-
rate. 
Orwell said, ‘‘Free speech is my right 
to say what you don’t want to hear.’’ 
He said, ‘‘In a time of universal de-
ceit, telling the truth is a revolu-
tionary act.’’ 
But as he talked about history and 
the ministry of truth that rewrote his-
tory every day like a disinformation 
board, he said, ‘‘The past was erased, 
the erasure forgotten, and the lie be-
came the truth.’’ 
We have seen a lot of that and not 
from Republicans. 
Orwell said, ‘‘So much of left-wing 
thought is a kind of playing with fire 
by people who don’t even know that 
fire is hot.’’ 
He said, ‘‘Threats to freedom of 
speech, writing and action, though 
often trivial in isolation, are cumu-
lative 
in 
their 
effect 
and, 
unless 
checked, lead to a general disrespect 
for the rights of the citizen.’’ 
He said, ‘‘Whoever controls the image 
and information of the past determines 
what and how future generations will 
think; whoever controls the informa-
tion and images of the present deter-
mines how those same people will view 
the past. 
‘‘He who controls the past commands 
the future. He who commands the fu-
ture conquers the past.’’ 
Orwell defined journalism as ‘‘print-
ing what someone else does not want 
printed. Everything else is public rela-
tions.’’ 
b 1245 
We have got a lot of public relations 
in this town. 
From the Gulag Archipelago, Alek-
sandr Solzhenitsyn had an interesting 
quote. He said, ‘‘Remember Lenin’s 
words: ‘An oppressed class which did 
not aspire to possess arms and learn 
how to handle them would deserve only 
to be treated as slaves.’ ’’ 
That is Lenin. And the system he 
created in the Soviet Union resulted in 
the second most murders by a govern-
ment in the history of the world, sec-
ond only to Mao Tse Tung in China. 
Whitaker Chambers—I waited too 
many years to read his book, Witness. 
But he says—because he did a lot of 
analysis. He was an atheist. He had had 
a troubled family life and loved the 
idea of communism; but eventually saw 
what communism really was and de-
cided he didn’t want any of it; eventu-
ally became a Christian. 
But he said: ‘‘ . . . the moment man 
indulged his freedom to the point 
where he was also free from God, it led 
him into tragedy, evil and often the 
exact opposite of what he had intended. 
In human terms, there was no solution 
for the problem of evil.’’ 
He said: ‘‘ . . . the crisis of the West-
ern world exists to the degree it is in-
different to God. It exists to the degree 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:26 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00025
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.039
H09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 24-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5438 
June 9, 2022 
in which the Western world actually 
shares communism’s materialist vi-
sion, is so dazzled by the logic of the 
materialist interpretation of history, 
politics, and economics, that it fails to 
grasp that, for it, the only possible an-
swer to the Communist challenge is to 
choose either faith in God or faith in 
man.’’ 
Well, what Lenin had to say about 
that issue, he said, ‘‘Every religious 
idea of God, even flirting with the idea 
of God, is unutterable vileness.’’ And 
that came after Dostoyevsky analyzed 
what this crazy guy named Marx had to 
say. And Dostoyevsky took great issue 
with it. And at one point, he said: ‘‘The 
problem’’—Dostoyevsky—‘‘The 
prob-
lem of communism is not an economic 
problem.’’ Of course, some of us know 
it is an economic problem. But his 
point is it is not the biggest problem. 
He said, ‘‘The problem of communism 
is the problem of atheism.’’ 
And back during the summer I was 
an exchange student to the real Soviet 
Union in the seventies, it was nause-
ating to walk into a church, and where 
you would have seen a gorgeous stained 
glass window of Jesus—I remember one 
came in, and I have seen a picture de-
picting Jesus surrounded by the chil-
dren where he—the quote was: ‘‘Suffer 
the little children to come unto me,’’ 
except it was Lenin sitting there with 
the children around him. They had de-
stroyed the stained glass window of 
Jesus and had Lenin; which goes back 
to what Dostoyevsky had to say, the 
problem of communism, socialism, pro-
gressivism, the big problem is ulti-
mately government has got to be God; 
and that doesn’t work out well. 
Natan Sharansky, an amazing man, 
he said: ‘‘A lack of moral clarity . . . is 
why people living in free societies can-
not distinguish between religious fun-
damentalists in democratic states and 
religious terrorists in fundamentalist 
states. That is why people living in free 
societies can come to see their fellow 
citizens as their enemy and foreign dic-
tators as their friends.’’ A lack of 
moral clarity. And that is not being 
taught in too many of our schools. 
Ronald Reagan told the Alabama 
Legislature in 1982: ‘‘To those who cite 
the First Amendment as reason for ex-
cluding God from more and more of our 
institutions and everyday life, may I 
just say: The First Amendment of the 
Constitution was not written to pro-
tect the people of this country from re-
ligious values; it was written to pro-
tect religious values from government 
tyranny.’’ 
John Adams said, ‘‘The general prin-
ciples on which the Fathers achieved 
independence were the general prin-
ciples of Christianity.’’ He wrote this 
to Thomas Jefferson toward the end of 
his life. 
Adams said, ‘‘I will avow, that I then 
believed, and now believe, that those 
general principles of Christianity are 
as eternal and immutable, as the exist-
ence and attributes of God.’’ 
And I have gotten mail before saying, 
How dare you bring these things up on 
the House floor? Because people are not 
taught our history. The fact is, the 
Bible has been quoted more times— 
many, many times more than any 
other book throughout our history, but 
it is quoted less and less these days. We 
have got our work cut out for us. 
But it appears the Supreme Court is 
starting to understand, for them to be-
come oligarchs, monarchs, and rule 
from Mt. Olympus across the street 
here, is not the best way to decide 
things better left for the legislature, 
after a great debate. And that is what 
we need to do. 
And we really need to look at what is 
different now than when we didn’t have 
mass shootings like we do now. And I 
think we will come to the things that 
Natan Sharansky, Whitaker Chambers, 
Dostoyevsky, 
John 
Adams, 
Ronald 
Reagan, and so many of our founders 
understood. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
f 
SAVING SOCIAL SECURITY AND 
MEDICARE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-
uary 4, 2021, the Chair recognizes the 
gentleman 
from 
Arizona 
(Mr. 
SCHWEIKERT) for 30 minutes. 
Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Madam Speaker, 
I appreciate you and the staff’s pa-
tience as I am racing up the elevator. 
We are going to do something that is 
new to me today. And please wave at 
me if I start machine gun speaking. 
And I have gotten teased about it a 
bit, so this week, I got to become the 
ranking member for the Republicans, 
that is sort of the senior Republican 
over Social Security in the Ways and 
Means Committee. And it is an area I 
have had a fascination with since I got 
here because, you know, it is $1 trillion 
a year, and it is running out of money. 
So, the last few times I have come 
behind 
these 
microphones, 
I 
have 
turned to my brothers and sisters on 
the left and begged them to stop doing 
what they are doing because we have 
showed board after board after board 
after board of how many people they 
are hurting, the working poor, the 
poor, the working middle class. It is 
just being destroyed by Democrat poli-
cies. 
And I appreciate the virtue signaling. 
I understand maybe for many of them 
they didn’t understand the most basic 
economics of what inflation was going 
to do and crushing people. 
But now, all of a sudden, I have the 
responsibility—I take this really seri-
ously. How do you save Medicare? How 
do you save Social Security? 
And it is not a game, and it is not 
just little adjustments here. You talk 
to groups, even fellow Members, and 
they somehow think a little adjust-
ment here, waste and fraud. A little ad-
justment here. We are talking trillions. 
Remember, our best math right now 
is functionally, over the next 30 years, 
just Social Security and just Medicare, 
when you add them together, and then 
the financing costs, are close to $120 
trillion short. So functionally, every 
dime of future debt is the shortfall of 
Medicare and Social Security. 
It is demographics. We got old. At 
the end of this decade, 22 percent of us 
are 65 and older. A country like Japan, 
it is 30 percent. Japan has dramatically 
higher savings rates. 
At the end of this decade, 22 percent 
of our neighbors will be 65 or older. 
And we functionally have nothing set 
aside for that. 
Medicare is moving to being 100 per-
cent general fund. The Medicare trust 
fund, the part A, the hospital portion, 
we got a good number a couple of days 
ago, so now it is gone in about 5 years. 
And we have no idea how we replace 
that because the model right now, as it 
is written in statute, is hey, just stop 
paying doctors and hospitals. That is 
going to work really well, isn’t it? 
And we will see here, the actuarial 
report for Social Security got extended 
out a bit. But functionally, in a decade, 
our parents, our grandma and grandpa, 
the model is at this moment, 27 percent 
cut. And that isn’t the true story. It is 
much, much, much darker. 
And I am going to do my very best 
here. And look, I have got to be honest; 
I am only partially through starting to 
dig through the numbers that Keith 
handed me, and we are trying to under-
stand the Medicare actuaries and the 
Social Security actuaries. They just 
published their report, but it is based 
on data that may be as much as a year 
out of date. They have missed much of 
the inflation cycle so—one of the 
benchmarks was February this year. 
Well, think about what has happened 
to inflation since then. 
And I am going to do my best right 
now to present the cruelty, just the 
cruelty of what the left has done to the 
poor, but particularly to the elderly 
poor. 
And once again, I will give them 
credit. I don’t think it was meant, but 
there is a misunderstanding here of 
what inflation does, because it is not 
just today. It is not just this year. 
We are trying to build a model here 
of how many of our brothers and sisters 
who are older at the end of this decade 
are going to be living in poverty be-
cause of what this place did this last 
year. 
So my best model right now is about 
22 percent of our brothers and sisters 
who are 65 and over are living in pov-
erty today. And it is a back of the nap-
kin math, and I may be wrong. God, I 
hope I am wrong. 
But if inflation stays substantially 
above the mean for a few more years, it 
is going to be a third of our retirees 
who are going to be living in poverty. 
This is what they did. 
And so, in past weeks I have come be-
hind the mike and said, here are ideas 
to knock down inflation. If inflation is 
too many dollars chasing too few 
goods, let’s make more goods. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:26 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00026
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.041
H09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 25-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5439 
June 9, 2022 
b 1300 
Right now, it is the passive approach. 
We had Janet Yellen in front of the 
Ways and Means Committee yesterday, 
and it is basically: Well, we are going 
to let the Federal Reserve jack up in-
terest rates, put a bunch of people out 
of work. We are just going to raise the 
misery, but it is their problem. It has 
nothing to do with the crappy eco-
nomic policies that have been pushed 
through this body. 
How about some things the left and 
the right could agree upon? Instead of 
just spending trillions and trillions of 
dollars, 
how 
about 
incentives 
and 
mechanisms to create productivity be-
cause when you make more stuff, that 
is the most elegant way to knock down 
inflation. Of course, that would mean 
for our brothers and sisters on the 
Democrat side to accept something 
called supply-side economics. 
First, we need a little bit of a ref-
erence here. These numbers are almost 
2 years out of date because we haven’t 
gotten a CBO updated number yet, 
which I believe should have already 
happened. Projected 2051, so that is ba-
sically 29 years from now. 
Outlays as a percentage of GDP—this 
is policy. This should be driving every 
bit of policy around here. We chase 
shiny objects all day long, but we are 
basically saying, hey, Social Security 
and Medicare, the dedicated revenues, 
the revenues we expect to be getting in 
over that 29 years are going to be about 
6 percent of GDP. Outlays will almost 
be 21 percent of GDP. The rest of the 
budget, revenues actually exceed out-
lays. 
Once again, we have to get this 
through our heads. Medicare, Social 
Security, the baseline from a couple of 
years ago was $112 trillion. My math 
says it is about $120 trillion of bor-
rowing. The rest of the budget is in bal-
ance. 
Why isn’t this what we talk about 
every single day? Don’t we care about 
the 22 percent of our brothers and sis-
ters who are going to be 65 or older by 
the end of this decade? Do we have not 
a moral, an ethical, an economic obli-
gation to fix a system that is col-
lapsing and has been collapsing for 
years? 
You have all heard the saying that it 
is the third rail. I have been teased by 
some 
of 
my 
colleagues 
here. 
‘‘Schweikert, you are an idiot,’’ which 
may be absolutely true. ‘‘Your willing-
ness to take on Social Security, have 
you decided to end your political ca-
reer?’’ 
You can’t get in front of microphones 
and tell people the truth about the 
math. They don’t want to hear that. 
They have been lied to for decades, and 
they believe the lies because the lies 
are comfortable. You can’t show them 
the slides of what is actually about to 
happen. 
Yet, how do you fix something unless 
you admit there is a problem? This 
place is like an alcoholic who is unwill-
ing to take that first step at their 12- 
step meeting, admit they have a prob-
lem. If this board doesn’t tell you the 
problem, I don’t know what will. 
This board is 2 years old. Once again, 
I don’t have an updated number from 
CBO. This shows $112 trillion of bor-
rowing solely from Social Security and 
Medicare. Obviously, Medicare is func-
tionally three-quarters of the problem. 
Social Security is a quarter of the 
problem. But that is $112 trillion, 2- 
year-old number, my current number, 
$120 trillion of borrowing in today’s 
dollars, so inflation baseline dollars. 
The inflation that has exploded in the 
last year because of Democrat fiscal 
policies makes these numbers much 
uglier. 
Just as a reference to understand 
why I am so concerned and why I am 
mad this place isn’t on fire with almost 
a level of panic over these numbers, 
when you see this scale of debt, in a 
couple of decades, if the mean bor-
rowing cost is 2 points higher, in about 
20, 25 years, every dime of tax reve-
nues, tax receipts, every dime is just 
the interest cost. 
Do you get that? Do you realize the 
level of fragility we have given to this 
country? Do you care about people, 
care about kids? Do you care about 
seniors? Then this should be the fixa-
tion because this is real math. Unless 
somehow the Democrats have come up 
with a way to repeal the laws of mathe-
matics, this is what we are up against. 
Yes, you will be booed when you get 
up in front of an audience and say: 
‘‘Hey, do you realize with Social Secu-
rity, in about a decade, you will get 
about a 27 percent cut? That is not 
even calculating the dramatic increase 
in your Medicare portion of your pre-
miums that for many seniors will eat 
up every dime of their Social Security 
check.’’ 
This is real. It is the biggest thing 
going on in our country at this mo-
ment, but it is like a slow-moving ava-
lanche coming at us. It is going to wipe 
us out, but it is not here yet, so let’s 
worry about something else. 
Just to emphasize a little bit, Medi-
care faces a $78 trillion cash shortfall 
over the next—and this is now 29 years, 
and the number is worse now. Once 
again, I just haven’t gotten an update 
because these are ‘21 numbers. We 
should already be starting to project 
the ‘22 and ‘23 numbers. But do you see 
that? 
We have about $20 trillion coming in 
in payroll taxes and almost $98 trillion 
in projected expenditures, and this is 
before the inflation cycle. Medical in-
flation, baseline inflation, is going to 
drive these numbers up dramatically. 
Maybe this is too much of a current 
snapshot, but you are starting to see it. 
Everyone just got—if you are on Medi-
care, you just saw it, or you just got it. 
Functionally, your healthcare costs 
just bounced up for part B $250 a per-
son, $500 a couple. The dirty number is 
that that is not even close to what is 
coming. That is what you just got. You 
are going, whoa, it went up $500. But 
functionally, 2 years from now, we may 
get as much as an 8 percent COLA be-
cause, remember, the COLA adjust-
ment on Social Security is about 24 
months behind. It takes that long to 
get the calculations. 
A community like mine—I represent 
the Phoenix-Scottsdale area—has the 
highest inflation in the Nation. My 
area is over 11 percent inflation. But 
they will do a national mean, which 
will probably be closer to 8-something, 
and you are not going to get that for a 
couple of years. You are going to get 3- 
plus, 31⁄2-plus this year. You are going 
to get to live poorer, substantially 
poorer, for the next couple of years, 
and the COLA is not going to keep up. 
The basket that is used to calculate 
doesn’t keep up, and it has already 
begun. The eating up of how you sur-
vive in retirement has already begun. 
The money is disappearing. We are 
working on this. This is a work in 
progress. 
This is a dangerous speech for me to 
be giving because I am going to anger 
a number of people who don’t want to 
know the truth. I am going to anger a 
bunch of my brother and sister Mem-
bers here who are terrified their voters 
find out. 
The fact of the matter is, I will be 
back in a couple of weeks revising 
these numbers, but this is from some of 
the best literature we found when I 
found out I was going to be taking on 
the responsibility over Social Security. 
What this board is basically saying is 
this is your cost. If you are 65 years old 
today, and you are stepping into retire-
ment, we expect your out-of-pocket to 
have gone up about $85,000. It is an as-
sumption that healthcare inflation re-
mains at 1.5 percent over the Consumer 
Price Index for 2 years. This is the 
change you get if it is 2 years. 
The problem is my Joint Economic 
Committee is saying the structure of 
inflation may be with us for a decade. 
Now, it may not be running at like my 
neighborhood, 
11 
percent, 
or 
your 
neighborhood, probably 8 percent, for 
another 7 to 10 years, but it is going to 
be higher than normal. We are having 
to rebuild all of our models. 
What does this mean, though, if it is 
just for 2 years? If you are 45 years old, 
the change in your cost when you hit 
retirement that you are going to have 
to be contributing to the healthcare 
portion—so you get your Social Secu-
rity check, the portion that is put off 
for the healthcare, for Medicare. You 
are 45 years old; just these 2 years of 
the above inflation. It is a quarter mil-
lion dollars, and that is out of your 
pocket. 
We keep talking about, well, here are 
your fuel prices today. Fine. Be out-
raged about that. You should be. But 
understand the cascade effect, that we 
are going to drive so many people into 
poverty through the rest of this decade 
and at the end of this decade, and this 
place is silent. 
We are just silent on the damage we 
are doing to people’s survival because 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:26 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00027
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.043
H09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 26-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5440 
June 9, 2022 
the shiny object is what is at the gas 
pump right now. You should be en-
raged. The economic devastation, the 
misery the left has foisted on this 
country—and I am sorry. I am being a 
bit of a jerk, but they did it, and they 
were warned. 
They were warned by my kind. Well, 
they were warned by my kind, but they 
were warned by their own economists. 
Yes, they have about a dozen econo-
mists that said, go ahead and spend the 
trillions. It won’t make a difference. 
Please stop listening to them. 
But you did have a number of your 
leftist economists who said: Don’t do 
this. You are going to hurt people. But 
it buys us votes, and they did it. Con-
gratulations. 
This is your future, and this is only if 
the increased inflation lasts for 2 
years. What if my model is correct, and 
it lasts throughout the decade? 
This isn’t my math. This is some lit-
erature we are finding out there. We 
haven’t had time to break it down and 
do our best vetting, but these all came 
from big boy researchers, well re-
spected. This is a little hard to get our 
heads around, but we are going to do 
our best here. 
Short-term healthcare inflation can 
have 
devastating 
retirement 
con-
sequences. What they are saying is 
with the spike today in healthcare 
costs, you turn 65, you start getting 
your Medicare, you start getting your 
Social Security, the change in cost you 
have for the next 20 years is in these 
numbers. 
They are basically trying to say, 
what happens if you are 65, you have 1 
year of the current medical inflation, 
and this is underestimating it. The lat-
est number I had as of this week was in 
the high 16s for healthcare inflation. 
This one is 15.8. 
But 
just 
the 
increase 
in 
your 
healthcare cash; this isn’t your Medi-
care payment. This is cash coming out 
of your Social Security check, out of 
your bank account. So, you are 65. It is 
going to be an additional $72,000. 
But if you are 45 today, and this in-
creased inflation is only for 2 years, it 
is $434,000 of additional spending you 
need to be prepared for in your retire-
ment. This is the math. 
Just a little bit of healthcare infla-
tion today. So if the baseline is 8.3— 
that is my prediction for tomorrow’s 
May number. We will see how accurate 
I am. Healthcare is almost double the 
baseline inflation. 
If it ran at that for 2 years and then 
went back to the mean, and you are 45 
years old today, so you retire 20 some 
years from now, the change in the 
baseline of your future cost is now ap-
proaching a half million dollars. Well, 
in this case, $434,000. Let’s be a little 
more accurate. 
Is anyone here talking about this? 
How many people, with the savings you 
have right now, with just trying to sur-
vive buying that tank of gas today, are 
going to be able to save enough money 
for future expenses? That Social Secu-
rity check you have basically dis-
appears, shrinks away, because you are 
now having to deal with the infla-
tionary costs. 
That is why my back of the napkin 
math or back of the envelope math, if 
I can use the colloquialism, is starting 
to say, oh, my God, I hope my math is 
wrong. But where this is going right 
now, I think we are heading toward 
about a third of our retirees being in 
poverty in a decade. 
Remember, Social Security was an 
antipoverty program. But, once again, 
crappy public policy here by the left, 
and this is the decades and decades of 
future misery they brought to us. Does 
anyone on the other side own a calcu-
lator or actually showed up at their ec-
onomics class? 
b 1315 
Social Security income functionally 
gets erased by rising healthcare costs. 
Now, this is what brought me to do this 
on the floor. This last weekend, I had 
inklings I was going to get the respon-
sibility over Social Security for the 
Republicans, and so I don’t sleep well. 
The only way I fall asleep often is I sit 
up and read, and I try to read stuff that 
is actually important to this job. 
I came across this article that didn’t 
have good math in it, but it was func-
tionally alluding that the healthcare 
inflation—and this is beyond just all 
the other inflation of just trying to 
buy food and pay for your rent and ev-
erything else, just healthcare infla-
tion—was going to destroy, was going 
to consume many, many, many seniors’ 
entire Social Security check. 
I don’t get credit for this. My staff 
actually found this. But let’s actually 
go back to our 45-year-old, this bottom 
line. This is for a couple—because they 
found this on someone else’s literature, 
so I can’t take credit for the math. A 
couple, they are going to get about 
$1.153 million, $1,153,000 in Social Secu-
rity benefits when that 45-year-old cou-
ple basically enters their Social Secu-
rity benefits. 
Okay. But with the inflation that has 
been built in—and this is, I think, only 
a couple years of inflation, but the cal-
culation over 20 years, with the change 
of inflation, so they are going to get 
$1,153,000 of Social Security benefits, 
but they are going to spend function-
ally out of their pocket $1,543,000 in 
healthcare costs, and that is with 
Medicare. 
Does anyone see a problem? 
So you start looking at the lifetime 
retirement healthcare costs when it is 
1.8. Based on cost projection, two years 
of inflation cost projection, function-
ally their healthcare costs in this 
model are 156 percent. So every dime of 
their Social Security check, plus an-
other 56 percent that they are going to 
have to find other resources to pay for, 
just to cover their healthcare because 
of inflation. 
The couple that turns 65 today—or 
actually a month or so ago when this 
calculation was done. Remember, this 
calculation under calculates inflation. 
This was done almost back in February 
with those numbers, and inflation 
turned out to be much worse. That cou-
ple, as a mean across the country, is 
going to get about $968,000 in Social Se-
curity benefits over what we calculate 
as the average mortality numbers life-
time. Seventy-one percent of their So-
cial 
Security 
income 
is 
going 
to 
healthcare costs driven by, substan-
tially driven by this increase in infla-
tion. 
So if anyone is listening right now, 
God, I hope I am wrong. Start saving 
every dime you can because this gov-
ernment’s Democrat policies from this 
last 2 years have absolutely screwed 
you over. We are going to spend the 
rest of the decade fixing the damage 
that was done in the last 15 months. 
The math is the math. 
If I am being hyperbolic, I am doing 
it because it is important. I don’t want 
to live in a country where a third of 
my seniors are in poverty because of a 
decision they made a year ago. 
This is the actuarial report on Social 
Security and Medicare when the trust 
funds are gone, and there is a problem 
with their math, and that is it was 
done on February’s baseline. Inflation 
is dramatically higher than what we 
thought the February baseline was. 
Now, the economists are saying it is 
going to last much longer, meaning 
these dates are going to erode. 
But functionally, you are 66 months, 
according to the actuary report, and 
Medicare part A, the hospital portion, 
is gone. So functionally, you go into 
your hospital, and your doctor doesn’t 
get paid to see you. How is that going 
to work out? Seriously, who is going to 
pay? 
The new number is about 150 months 
for Social Security. I think that is 
wildly optimistic in this inflationary 
time. But the baseline model, how are 
you going to do it? Do you plan to live 
for another 10 years? Okay. Whether in 
those 10 years you are on Social Secu-
rity or you are heading into retire-
ment, are you prepared to have not 25, 
but 27 percent of your Social Security 
check disappear? At the same time, I 
am showing you charts saying, hey, 
you are 65 today. Because of medical 
inflation—if it lasts where we are at, 2 
years—76 percent of your Social Secu-
rity money is going to healthcare 
costs, and we are also then going to 
reach over and reduce your Social Se-
curity check by 27 percent. 
Does anyone else see a problem com-
ing? 
This place doesn’t own a calculator, 
and yet as I used to get teased when I 
was a child, the math always wins. But 
this place will avoid the math because 
it is hard. It is the sort of thing that 
gets you unelected. It is the sort of 
thing that makes your voters mad. 
It is your absolute moral obligation 
to fix these programs without lying. 
In a future presentation, I am going 
to come back here, and I am going to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:26 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00028
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.044
H09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 27-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5441 
June 9, 2022 
also overlay the private pension sys-
tems, the multi-employer pension sys-
tems, all the other shortfalls, and if 
any Member here uses the words ‘‘re-
tirement security’’ and isn’t bathing in 
fixing these numbers, they should be 
ashamed of themselves. 
Madam Speaker, I apologize for the 
amount of caffeine I have had today, 
but I am not here to be hyperbolic. I 
am here to beg of this place to stop 
chasing the daily shiny object that 
may get us some press, get us a few 
minutes on cable television. This is the 
hard work we are elected to fix, and it 
is also our moral obligation to save the 
future. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
f 
REALITY TV PROGRAMMING 
TONIGHT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-
uary 4, 2021, the Chair recognizes the 
gentleman 
from 
Pennsylvania 
(Mr. 
PERRY) for 30 minutes. 
Mr. PERRY. Madam Speaker, reality 
TV. I think most of us are familiar 
with reality TV. You are going to see 
some of that tonight. Now, when re-
ality TV first started, people watched 
that, they were enthusiastic about it, 
maybe a little intoxicated at times. 
I don’t know how many shows you 
had to watch. I don’t know how many 
iterations you had to watch, Madam 
Speaker, before you figured out, well, 
this really isn’t reality. This isn’t even 
real, right? The drama was contrived, 
the relationships made up. I suppose it 
was all to make you feel better about 
your own life, watching the crazy, un-
hinged existence of these aberrant 
things on TV. 
Ladies and gentlemen, you are going 
to see some more reality TV tonight, 
on this January 6th alleged committee. 
I call it an alleged committee because 
it is not really a committee. There is 
no minority. There is no minority on 
the committee. I know because I am in 
the minority. When you have a com-
mittee basis, you have the majority, 
they pick their members, and the mi-
nority picks their members. But when 
the majority picks members for the 
minority, they are the majority. It is 
all one side. What you are going to 
hear is a one-sided tale. 
Madam Speaker, this is not a court 
of law, but it is kind of like trying to 
be one in front of the public, trying to 
act like it is a court of law for the pub-
lic to decide. It is a show trial. This is 
a Soviet-style show trial. 
Unfortunately, there are huge things 
happening in people’s lives right now. 
They are paying the highest prices 
they have ever paid to drive back and 
forth to work or to daycare or to get 
their kids to school or if they can even 
afford a vacation. If you have got a 
small child, you are worrying every 
day, am I going to be able to get for-
mula to feed my child? Of course, we 
have got this border crisis, cost of liv-
ing, supply chain, all that stuff, and we 
are spending millions of dollars. 
This should actually be a campaign 
contribution to my friends on the left. 
The FEC should make them file a re-
port. Millions and millions of taxpayer 
dollars for a show trial, a Soviet-style 
charade. 
How do we know? We know so many 
ways. We know in so many ways. Like 
I said, we are going to get one side of 
a story. The outcome has already been 
determined, Madam Speaker, by the 
people on this so-called committee. 
They issued subpoenas. But they didn’t 
tell the people they issued the sub-
poenas to; they told the press. Does 
that sound like how things normally go 
in a court of law where due process is 
happening? 
But this isn’t a court of law. You are 
just supposed to believe it is one. You 
are also supposed to believe there is 
due process. But there isn’t. You are 
supposed to believe that this is seeking 
the truth, that this is seeking some 
kind of justice, that this is a fact-find-
ing mission for which the legislature 
will then promulgate laws to make 
sure that mistakes made in the past 
never happen again. 
Ladies and gentlemen, it couldn’t be 
further from the truth. 
How do I know? How do you know? 
Because these folks have hired the pro-
ducer from ABC for this prime time 
show. We could be having this alleged 
hearing right now. I am here right now. 
My colleagues are here right now. 
Madam Speaker, you are in the chair 
right now, but this is being delayed 
until prime time with a TV producer, 
because it is a show. That is all it is. 
These are the same folks that if you 
want to call it evidence, they took 
somebody’s text message, and they 
changed it to say what they wanted it 
to say. If it is evidence, they just tam-
pered with evidence. 
Madam Speaker, this is an abomina-
tion. This is an outrage. This is an af-
front to our American Republic and to 
the order and the rule of law and to 
justice. 
Madam Speaker, I yield to the gen-
tleman from Arizona (Mr. BIGGS), my 
good friend, for some comments about 
what is going to happen, what you are 
going to see tonight. 
Mr. BIGGS. Madam Speaker, it is my 
pleasure to take a few minutes. 
The first point I will talk about, the 
most fundamental aspect that this 
needs to be contextualized with is that 
the Democrats have basically cor-
rupted every institution in America, 
not the least of which is this institu-
tion, not the least of which are the 
committees and the roles of commit-
tees. 
The gentleman from Pennsylvania 
said this is a show trial. He is exactly 
right. This is designed for television. It 
is not designed to find truth. It is not 
designed to say, let’s come up with a 
legitimate legislative purpose, which is 
what the Supreme Court says you have 
to have if you are going to have a sub-
poena in the first place. You have to 
have a legitimate purpose. They don’t 
have any. 
So these are the same folks that sit 
on this committee, that are running 
this committee. Don’t forget, they ran 
the two sham impeachments. The last 
sham impeachment was such a debacle, 
such an embarrassment to our institu-
tions and the Constitution that the 
Chief Justice of the Supreme Court 
said, I am not going to show up. 
So who do we have and what do we 
see? Well, they are not going to talk 
about tonight that four witnesses—four 
witnesses have testified under oath 
that 4 days before January 6, President 
Trump authorized up to 20,000 National 
Guard troops. Why won’t they present 
that? Because it is indicia of what we 
would call in law the mens rea or cul-
pability, your state of mind. And the 
state of mind said, we have to protect 
the Capitol. 
b 1330 
What that means is there is no inten-
tion to incite. There is no intention to 
cause harm. But you are not going to 
hear about that, even though that has 
been testified to four different times. 
The FBI has indicated pretty clearly 
that there was no collusion by Presi-
dent Trump to incite a riot on January 
6. In fact, no collusion by President 
Trump or by any Member of Congress. 
In fact, FBI Director, Christopher 
Wray, testified in the Committee on 
the Judiciary that he could not call 
what happened there an insurrection. 
But that is not what you are going to 
hear from the Democrats because they 
love that term, because they are all 
about hyperbole. 
How about our former colleague, 
Denver Riggleman, a former Repub-
lican working for this committee? 
What did he say? Just the other day, he 
said: ‘‘There is no smoking gun indi-
cating that President Trump planned 
for the U.S. Capitol to be overrun by 
his supporters.’’ But you are not going 
to hear that because this is—as they 
have accidentally said a couple of 
times—not about finding the truth but 
about 
narrative-building, 
and 
dis-
tracting the American public from the 
disaster that the Biden administration, 
Speaker PELOSI and her Democrats in 
the House, CHUCK
SCHUMER
and his 
Democrats in the Senate, has per-
petrated, has foisted upon the Amer-
ican people. 
So you know what the Democrats 
want? They don’t want us talking 
about: It costs me 85, 90 bucks to fill up 
my car with gas. 
They don’t want you talking about 
that. 
They don’t want you talking about: 
Hey, the size of that pack of tortillas 
that I just bought last week before it 
came out, they used to look like the 
regular corn tortillas. Now they look 
like mini tortillas. Same price, the 
same packaging. 
They don’t want you talking about 
that. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:26 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00029
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.045
H09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 28-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5442 
June 9, 2022 
They don’t want you talking about: 
Hey, kids, we are not going to be able 
to go on vacation this year. 
They don’t want you talking about 
any of that because that is what Amer-
icans are talking about. 
They don’t want you talking about 
the border. They don’t want you talk-
ing about that. 
When I was down to the border twice 
last week—two different borders, three 
different sectors—everywhere I walked, 
there were people coming up. You 
know what these folks told me? They 
said, ‘‘We love Joe Biden.’’ In fact, in 
Mexico he has got a 52 percent approval 
rating, while he is only 32 percent in 
the United States. 
They want us to not talk about that 
stuff. They want to distract us. But the 
bad news for them is this: The reason 
you have to bring in an ABC producer 
is because your show stinks and that 
committee reeks, and no amount of 
production is going to give Liz Cheney 
charisma. Sorry to say. No amount of 
it is going to change and take that 
apart. 
I know that there are others who 
want to talk about this but I just have 
to ask four or five things, if I can, Mr. 
PERRY. 
Mr. PERRY. Absolutely. 
Mr. BIGGS. Why is NANCY PELOSI off 
limits? Why isn’t she testifying before 
that committee? 
Oh my goodness, we can’t ask her 
what happened. We can’t ask her what 
she knew, what she didn’t know. 
We can’t ask her why she didn’t ap-
prove and encourage Mayor Bowser to 
accept the authorized and offered 20,000 
National Guard troops. 
Why has the committee not released 
14,000 hours of video of January 6? Why 
is that missing? 
Why has the committee selectively, 
without appropriate context, leaked 
documents or testimony? 
Why did ADAM SCHIFF come out here 
and put up a poster and later have to 
admit that, yeah, he had doctored the 
poster? 
Because they are lying. They altered 
evidence, as Mr. PERRY said. 
I will just close with this: Committee 
member, JAMIE RASKIN, he loves to say 
that anybody who questions an elec-
toral outcome of 2020 is telling the big 
lie. 
Of course, he questioned the 2016 
election outcome. Was that the big lie? 
Hillary Clinton questioned that. 
Joe Biden has already said the 2022 
midterms are going to be illegitimate. 
Why? Because he is going to get his 
butt kicked, that is why. 
I will tell you something. JAMIE 
RASKIN selectively edited video he used 
in the second Trump impeachment just 
a few days before the President was 
going to be vacating the Oval Office. If 
anyone is persisting in telling a big lie, 
it is members of the J6 Committee. 
That is why they have to bring in a 
producer. That is why they deleted the 
tweet from their star witness from to-
night. And what did he say back then? 
He said the Proud Boys were orga-
nizing together. 
How many police were there at 11:22 
on the steps of the Capitol? I Count 1. 
This is a deliberate act. And he 
wasn’t talking about the people who 
came in. He said someone in authority 
left the door open and the mob walked 
in. That is their witness tonight. They 
deleted that text. 
This is an illegitimate committee. 
You are going to see illegitimacy on 
display meant to deceive the American 
people. That is what happens in former 
Soviet Union. That is what happens in 
Venezuela. That is what happens when-
ever tyrants and authoritarians get a 
little bit of power or think they have 
any. 
Mr. 
PERRY. 
Madam 
Speaker, 
I 
thank the gentleman from Arizona 
(Mr. BIGGS). 
Madam Speaker, I yield to the gen-
tleman from Texas (Mr. NEHLS). 
Mr. NEHLS. Madam Speaker, Rep-
resentatives PERRY and BIGGS speaking 
the truth here today. 
Madam 
Speaker, 
listen 
to 
these 
words: ‘‘Sense of desperation and dis-
appointment may lead to more of an 
incentive to become violent. Congress 
itself is the target. There has been a 
worrisome call for protestors to come 
to these events armed, and there is a 
possibility that protestors may be in-
clined to become violent. Propensity to 
attract white supremacists, militia 
members, and others who actively pro-
mote violence may lead to a signifi-
cantly dangerous situation for law en-
forcement 
and 
the 
general 
public 
alike.’’ 
These words are taken directly from 
the intelligence assessment on January 
3. So why didn’t they request the Na-
tional Guard? Why were the Capitol 
Police so ill-prepared? 
A couple of months ago, I had the op-
portunity to question then-D.C. Na-
tional 
Guard 
Commander, 
General 
Walker. Now he is the House Sergeant 
at Arms. 
I asked General Walker, I said, ‘‘Gen-
eral, if the National Guard would have 
been on our Nation’s Capitol on Janu-
ary 4 as the intelligence called for, 
would January 6 have ever happened?’’ 
And he said no. 
And I agree, General, I agree. 
Capitol Police leadership had the in-
telligence days and weeks in advance 
and did nothing with it. They let it 
happen, folks. The Capitol Police lead-
ership team failed, and this sham com-
mittee continues to give them a pass. 
These hearings are clearly not about 
finding the truth. They are a sad at-
tempt to put the blame on Donald 
Trump. This committee—make no mis-
take—this committee doesn’t want to 
see Donald Trump as the Republican 
nominee in 2024 because they can’t beat 
him. 
Never in the history of Congress has 
the majority party used their power to 
smear, destroy, and intimidate the mi-
nority party ahead of an election so 
brazenly on a public stage. They know 
they can’t win elections fairly, so they 
will use every dirty trick in the book 
and try to cheat their way to a win. 
But the American people know better. 
They can see through this political 
theater and their voices will be heard 
at the polls in November of this year 
and in 2024. 
Mr. 
PERRY. 
Madam 
Speaker, 
I 
thank the gentleman from Texas. He is 
absolutely right. 
Look, I don’t think it is a mystery 
that many of us on this side of the 
aisle have no love for the FBI Director. 
It would be my choice to remove him 
immediately and get somebody effec-
tive that would do the job and restore 
the dignity of the FBI. But that having 
been said, he said there was no insur-
rection. He said there was no collusion. 
And as you already probably know— 
or maybe you don’t—you won’t find out 
tonight—the President of the United 
States at that time ordered 20,000 
troops to be authorized to come to pro-
tect the Capitol days in advance. 
And as I said the day after, on Janu-
ary 7, I asked: What did the Speaker 
know and when did she know it? But 
we are not going to find that out, 
Madam Speaker. We are never going to 
know watching this show trial. This is 
something from a Third World country, 
where we use the instruments of Fed-
eral power to prevail upon and against 
our political adversary. That is what is 
happening right now. 
What did the Speaker know and when 
did she know it? And what about the 
20,000 troops that were authorized by 
the President of the United States in 
advance but never asked for by the 
Speaker of the House—and as a matter 
of fact, declined by the Mayor of Wash-
ington, D.C. 
Madam Speaker, this is not the May-
or’s city. This is not the Mayor’s cap-
ital of the United States. This is the 
American people’s capital. She has a 
duty and she failed in that duty. And 
now this sham organization called a 
committee here, where the Vice Presi-
dent is also the ranking member—not 
chosen by the minority. They just 
made it up. They could have chosen 
anybody off the street and said, that is 
who the ranking member is. And that 
is what they did because the verdict is 
already in for them. 
They already know. They already 
know what the outcome is for them. 
There is no due process here. There is 
no fairness here. There is no other side 
of the story here. There is just a pros-
ecution where you stand there with 
your mouth taped shut. You can’t call 
any witnesses. You can’t have your at-
torney. Then they would like to con-
vict people and send them away forever 
and never be heard from again. And 
that is what this is; the silencing of the 
American people. 
Madam Speaker, I yield to the gen-
tlewoman from Georgia (Mrs. GREENE). 
Mrs. GREENE of Georgia. Madam 
Speaker, I thank the gentleman for 
yielding. I really appreciate him bring-
ing up these very important details 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:26 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00030
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.047
H09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 29-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5443 
June 9, 2022 
that I highly doubt we will hear any-
thing about from the January 6 Com-
mittee. 
You know, there are some very inter-
esting facts that came out today, as a 
matter of fact. Reporting on the failure 
of this Chamber, this Capitol to be se-
cured. 
And I will tell you something. On 
January 6, I was a brand new Member 
of Congress. 
Mr. PERRY. How many days had you 
been here, Representative GREENE? 
Mrs. GREENE of Georgia. January 3 
was my first day on the job. 
Mr. PERRY. So you had been here 
three days. 
Mrs. GREENE of Georgia. That is 
right. Three days. 
And I looked at the Capitol and 
thought this was the most secure 
building that I could possibly be in, at 
least in this city, possibly in the coun-
try, because it is our Nation’s Capitol. 
And tragically, we found out that it 
was not. I was shocked by that. 
What amazes me is the overwhelming 
amount of evidence that the National 
Guard was requested to be here and it 
was continuously turned down. And the 
biggest shocker to me is that there 
were three people that turned it down. 
It was CHUCK SCHUMER in the Senate, 
NANCY PELOSI in the House, and Mayor 
Muriel Bowser. 
Mr. PERRY. If I could interject for 
just a moment, who is in charge of se-
curity here in the House of Representa-
tives? 
Mrs. GREENE of Georgia. The Ser-
geant at Arms. 
Mr. PERRY. Employed by? 
Mrs. GREENE of Georgia. NANCY 
PELOSI. 
Mr. PERRY. Right. The Speaker. 
Mrs. GREENE of Georgia. The Speak-
er of the House is the one in charge of 
the House Sergeant at Arms. 
And the House Sergeant at Arms and 
the Senate Sergeant at Arms turned 
down the request for the National 
Guard to keep all of us safe from the 
threats that they knew existed. 
Mr. PERRY. Are we going to find out 
if they got ordered to do that by the 
Speaker or by the leader in the Senate? 
Are we going to find that out tonight? 
Mrs. GREENE of Georgia. No, we will 
not hear that from the January 6 Com-
mittee that spent millions of taxpayer 
dollars supposedly investigating Janu-
ary 6. I highly doubt we will hear that. 
But I want you to know that when we 
take back the majority, these will be 
the investigations that we take on. 
Now, I want you to know some other 
things that really bother me. As we 
have spoken about the failure and ab-
solutely purposeful refusal to protect 
this Capitol by NANCY
PELOSI, the 
Speaker of the House, CHUCK SCHUMER, 
and Mayor Muriel Bowser, these are 
the failures. They did it on purpose. 
There are other things I don’t think 
we will hear about tonight, and I re-
mind everyone. 
Number one, we still do not know 
who the pipe bomber is. Who is the per-
son? There are videos everywhere. It is 
all over the FBI website but we don’t 
hear that coming out consistently from 
the January 6 Committee. 
You know what else we don’t hear 
enough about? We do not understand 
what is happening to the over 800 peo-
ple who have been arrested and charged 
for the events on January 6. We don’t 
know what is happening to them, and 
there are dozens of them right here in 
this city wasting away in the D.C. jail, 
being treated like political prisoners of 
war. 
And you know what? This is before 
they have been convicted of anything. 
They are there pretrial. And no one 
cares about them. No one on this Janu-
ary 6 Committee dares to ask a ques-
tion, what is happening to these people 
and why their due process rights are 
being so flagrantly and horrifically 
violated, pretrial. Pretrial, they are 
sitting in that jail. 
Do you know they have begged to go 
to 
Guantanamo 
Bay 
because 
they 
think terrorists are treated better than 
they are treated here? But no one cares 
about them. 
b 1345 
These people have been arrested and 
charged, and they are wasting away in 
jail. 
Do you want to know something else 
that we are probably not going to hear 
about? What about the fact that there 
is a man named Ray Epps? Do you 
know who is not in the D.C. jail? Ray 
Epps. Ray Epps is not in the D.C. jail, 
and I know because I went in the D.C. 
jail. I did not see him there. He also is 
on video over and over again telling 
people to go in the Capitol. 
Mr. PERRY. I am sure we will hear 
about Ray Epps this evening. 
Mrs. GREENE of Georgia. I don’t 
think we are going to hear about Ray 
Epps. I don’t think so. I don’t think he 
is on the witness list. 
Do you know who else we probably 
won’t hear about? The man on the scaf-
folding, the so-called scaffolding com-
mander that told the crowd, told them, 
sent them, gave them orders to go in 
the Capitol. Storm the Capitol. 
I haven’t heard about him being 
questioned, have you? 
Mr. PERRY. No, I have not. 
Mrs. GREENE of Georgia. No. Do you 
want to know something else? Here is a 
woman we don’t hear anything about, a 
woman named Rosanne Boyland, who 
was trampled in the tunnel, trampled 
to death. We never hear anything 
about this woman. She died in the tun-
nel of this Capitol, and I saw the video 
myself when I was in the D.C. jail, from 
one of the people being held there pre-
trial, by the way, of her body being 
drug across the floor, and then it was 
taken somewhere else. 
Do you know what happened when 
they were dragging her body away? 
They pulled her away from someone 
that was giving her CPR. She was 
pulled away from lifesaving CPR. Why 
did that happen? Are we going to hear 
about that from the committee to-
night? I doubt it. They don’t care about 
Rosanne Boyland. 
Here is my major issue. We are rep-
resentatives of the people of the United 
States of America, and all I hear from 
everyone in this body is all they care 
about is themselves. The American 
people are suffering from so many 
things happening from the decisions of 
this body, but the people in this body 
and the people in that committee don’t 
care about Rosanne Boyland from 
Georgia, by the way. They don’t care 
about her family. They don’t care 
about justice for them. They don’t care 
about anything else but, oh, what hap-
pened to us on January 6. 
Well, what happened to the American 
cities in 2020 that were burned and 
looted and destroyed because of BLM 
violence? Nothing. All that money 
raised on ActBlue for BLM? It went in 
their pockets. No one paid to rebuild 
those communities. Not at all. 
You know who else we probably 
won’t hear about is Michael Byrd, who 
shot and killed Ashli Babbitt right out 
there. We don’t hear about his reckless 
record of guns, which is all we have 
talked about all week in here. We 
aren’t hearing about that. Why aren’t 
we hearing about that record? Why? 
Why isn’t he standing trial? He is not. 
He just gets to get away with it. It is 
on video; I bet you we won’t see this 
video, but I have seen it. It is out 
there. 
Did you know Ashli Babbitt was try-
ing to stop people from breaking in? 
That is on video. I have watched it over 
and over. She was trying to stop people 
from breaking in, and then she was 
shot and killed. 
Yes, a lot happened on January 6. Do 
you know what else—and the American 
taxpayers pay for this—there are sur-
veillance cameras all over this build-
ing. If we really want to know the 
truth about January 6, it is real easy. 
All we have to do is release the video 
footage, and everyone can see for them-
selves what exactly happened. I think 
the American people deserve that while 
they have to watch and go through this 
big cinematic production tonight and 
carrying on for weeks and weeks and 
weeks. And the American people pay 
for it, by the way. The American peo-
ple deserve to see all the video surveil-
lance, not just the little cut and pasted 
pieces that the January 6th Committee 
is going to show tonight. 
Most of all, I want to finish with 
this: There is something terrible hap-
pening in this process, and it is called 
defamation of character. The 45th 
President of the United States’ char-
acter is being defamed and all of his 
staff and his family and all Repub-
licans. Everyone’s reputation is being 
defamed as lies are being told about all 
of us and President Trump just for pol-
itics, and it makes me sick. It abso-
lutely disgusts me. 
If we are supposed to represent the 
American people, and we are supposed 
to do a good job and uphold this place 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:26 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00031
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.048
H09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 30-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5444 
June 9, 2022 
with honor and keep its reputation 
good for the people we serve, then we 
should be truthful. But what is about 
to happen tonight is not going to be 
truthful. It is going to be a political 
narrative, and it is all for politics. It is 
sickening. 
Mr. 
PERRY. 
Madam 
Speaker, 
I 
thank the gentlewoman for her com-
ments. Like I said, if you have ever 
seen reality TV, you know in just a 
couple episodes it is not really reality. 
Now, I don’t know how many of these 
you will go through this evening, and 
we just have a couple of minutes re-
maining, but I yield to the gentleman 
from Arizona (Mr. BIGGS), my good 
friend, to conclude with some of his 
thoughts before we wrap up here this 
afternoon. 
Mr. BIGGS. Madam Speaker, as I 
watch what this January 6th Com-
mittee has done, as it unfolds, and the 
constant attack of President Trump, 
here is what I find interesting: It 
wasn’t too very long ago that CHUCK 
SCHUMER stood with a rabble attacking 
the United States Supreme Court. 
CHUCK SCHUMER said: We are going to 
come 
up 
on 
you 
like, 
Justices 
Kavanaugh and Gorsuch, like a whirl-
wind. You will know. 
He made threatening comments. And 
guess what? Last night, there was an 
assassination attempt. A gentleman 
has been arrested for attempted mur-
der of Justice Kavanaugh. Not a peep 
from the President, not a peep from 
NANCY PELOSI, not a peep from any-
body here. 
You had a President who said let’s 
march peacefully up to the Capitol. 
Let’s let them know you are here. Let’s 
fight for our rights. Somehow, that is 
incitement. 
That is not incitement, but this com-
mittee that is there, they don’t care 
about the truth. They don’t care about 
equity. I don’t even like saying that 
term, ‘‘equity.’’ How about equality be-
fore the law? They never are concerned 
with due process or equality before the 
law. That is a political, sham, nar-
rative-building exercise to divert the 
attention of the American people away 
from the disastrous Biden policies. 
Mr. 
PERRY. 
Madam 
Speaker, 
I 
thank the gentleman for his comments. 
In the remaining 40 seconds I have, I 
will close by saying every day Ameri-
cans wake up and they think it can’t 
get any worse, yet somehow every day 
there is something new that actually 
makes it worse. Tonight is going to be 
no different. We are going to push the 
envelope to places we have never gone, 
a show trial right here in the Halls of 
Congress as a Supreme Court Justice is 
under threat. 
This is literally like a Third World 
country, and we have leaders in this 
government 
calling 
for 
Justice 
Kavanaugh—‘‘You have released the 
whirlwind.’’ That is what was said. Do 
not let this stand. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED 
Cheryl L. Johnson, Clerk of the 
House, reported and found truly an en-
rolled bill of the House of the following 
title, which was thereupon signed by 
the Speaker: 
H.R. 4591. An act to direct the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to submit to Congress peri-
odic reports on the costs, performance 
metrics, and outcomes of the Department of 
Veterans Affairs Electronic Health Record 
Modernization program. 
Kevin F. McCumber, Deputy Clerk of 
the House, further reported and found 
truly enrolled bills of the House of the 
following titles, which were thereupon 
signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 735. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 
502 East Cotati Avenue in Cotati, California, 
as the ‘‘Arturo L. Ibleto Post Office Build-
ing’’. 
H.R. 767. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 
40 Fulton Street in Middletown, New York, 
as the ‘‘Benjamin A. Gilman Post Office 
Building’’. 
H.R. 1170. An act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located 
at 1 League in Irvine, California, as the 
‘‘Tuskegee Airman Lieutenant Colonel Rob-
ert J. Friend Memorial Post Office Build-
ing’’. 
H.R. 1444. An act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located 
at 132 North Loudoun Street, Suite 1 in Win-
chester, Virginia, as the ‘‘Patsy Cline Post 
Office’’. 
H.R. 2324. An act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located 
at 2800 South Adams Street in Tallahassee, 
Florida, as the ‘‘D. Edwina Stephens Post Of-
fice’’. 
f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILL SIGNED 
The Speaker announced her signa-
ture to an enrolled bill of the Senate of 
the following title: 
S. 3823.—An act to amend title 11, United 
States Code, to modify the eligibility re-
quirements for a debtor under chapter 13, 
and for other purposes. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 11(b) of House Resolu-
tion 188, the House stands adjourned 
until noon on Monday next for morn-
ing-hour debate and 2 p.m. for legisla-
tive business. 
Thereupon (at 1 o’clock and 52 min-
utes p.m.), under its previous order, the 
House adjourned until Monday, June 
13, 2022, at noon for morning-hour de-
bate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the 
Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
EC–4324. A letter from the Associate Direc-
tor, Regulatory Management Division, Envi-
ronmental Protection Agency, transmitting 
the Agency’s withdrawl of direct final rule — 
Standards and Pratices for All Appropriate 
Inquiries 
[EPA-HQ-OLEM-2021-0946 
FRL- 
9334.1-02-OLEM] received May 10, 2022, pursu-
ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 
121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee 
on Energy and Commerce. 
EC–4325. A letter from the Associate Direc-
tor, Regulatory Management Division, Envi-
ronmental Protection Agency, transmitting 
the Agency’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; 
New Hampshire; Env-A 800 Testing and Mon-
itoring Procedures, Env-A 619.03 PSD Pro-
gram Requirements, and Env-A 1200 VOC 
RACT [EPA-R01-OAR-2021-0785; FRL-9591-02- 
R1] received May 10, 2022, pursuant to 5 
U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-
ergy and Commerce. 
EC–4326. A letter from the Associate Direc-
tor, Regulatory Management Division, Envi-
ronmental Protection Agency, transmitting 
the Agency’s final rule — Trans-anethole; 
Tolerance Exemption [EPA-HQ-OPP- 2018- 
0900; FRL-9763-01-OCSPP] received May 10, 
2022, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public 
Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
EC–4327. A letter from the Associate Direc-
tor, Regulatory Management Division, Envi-
ronmental Protection Agency, transmitting 
the Agency’s final rule — Cell Walls of Sac-
charomyces cerevisiae; Tolerance Exemption 
[EPA-HQ-OPP-2018-0545; FRL-9761-01-OCSPP] 
received May 10, 2022, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. 
EC–4328. A letter from the Associate Direc-
tor, Regulatory Management Division, Envi-
ronmental Protection Agency, transmitting 
the Agency’s final rule — Hydrolyzed Vege-
table Proteins from Soy; Exemption from 
the Requirement of a Tolerance [EPA-HQ- 
OPP-2018-0204; FRL-9556-01-OCSPP] received 
May 
10, 
2022, 
pursuant 
to 
5 
U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of the rule XIII, re-
ports of committees were delivered to 
the Clerk for printing and reference to 
the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia: Committee 
on Agriculture. Supplemental report on H.R. 
7606. A bill to establish the Office of the Spe-
cial Investigator for Competition Matters 
within the Department of Agriculture (Rept. 
117–357 Pt. 2). 
Mr. GRIJALVA: Committee on Natural Re-
sources. H.R. 2773. A bill to amend the Pitt-
man-Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act to 
make supplemental funds available for man-
agement of fish and wildlife species of great-
est conservation need as determined by 
State fish and wildlife agencies, and for 
other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 
117–359). Referred to the Committee of the 
Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following 
titles were introduced and severally re-
ferred, as follows: 
By Ms. BONAMICI (for herself, Mr. 
DEUTCH, Mr. CRIST, Ms. NORTON, Ms. 
MCCOLLUM, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY, Ms. 
LOIS FRANKEL of Florida, Mr. TONKO, 
Mr. QUIGLEY, Mr. LOWENTHAL, Ms. 
PINGREE, Mr. TAKANO, Mr. SWALWELL, 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York, Mr. BLUMENAUER, Mr. NADLER, 
Mr. CARSON, Ms. TITUS, Mr. SOTO, Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:56 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00032
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.050
H09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 31-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5445 
June 9, 2022 
O’HALLERAN, Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, 
Mr. VARGAS, Mr. CA´ RDENAS, Ms. 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ, Mr. CICILLINE, 
Miss RICE of New York, Ms. MATSUI, 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN, Ms. CRAIG, 
and Mr. WELCH): 
H.R. 7993. A bill to amend the Older Ameri-
cans Act of 1965 to provide equal treatment 
of LGBTQ older individuals, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on Education 
and Labor. 
By Mr. WILSON of South Carolina: 
H.R. 7994. A bill to expand and improve the 
advisory panel on community support for 
military families with special needs, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on Armed 
Services. 
By Mr. BURGESS (for himself, Mr. 
VICENTE GONZALEZ of Texas, and Mr. 
JACKSON): 
H.R. 7995. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to exempt qualifying 
physicians from prior authorization require-
ments under Medicare Advantage plans, and 
for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-
mittee on Energy and Commerce, for a pe-
riod to be subsequently determined by the 
Speaker, in each case for consideration of 
such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-
tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. FALLON: 
H.R. 7996. A bill to require congressional 
authorization for the drawdown and sale of 
petroleum products in the Strategic Petro-
leum Reserve, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Miss GONZA´ LEZ-COLO´ N (for her-
self, Mr. SOTO, Ms. VELA´ ZQUEZ, Ms. 
SALAZAR, 
Mr. 
CRIST, 
Mr. 
FITZPATRICK, 
Mr. 
BACON, 
Mr. 
ESPAILLAT, and Mrs. RADEWAGEN): 
H.R. 7997. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to establish a floor in 
Medicare Advantage benchmark rates for re-
gions with low Medicare fee-for-service pene-
tration and to make the Medicare Savings 
Program available in all jurisdictions; to the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in 
addition to the Committee on Ways and 
Means, for a period to be subsequently deter-
mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-
sideration of such provisions as fall within 
the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BANKS (for himself, Mr. WIL-
SON of South Carolina, Ms. TENNEY, 
Mr. GALLAGHER, Mr. HERN, Mr. LAM-
BORN, Mrs. MCCLAIN, Mr. BUCK, Mr. 
STEUBE, Mr. RESCHENTHALER, Mr. 
FITZPATRICK, 
Ms. 
HERRELL, 
Mr. 
BABIN, Mr. ALLEN, Mr. JOHNSON of 
Louisiana, Mrs. LESKO, Mr. GIMENEZ, 
Mr. WALTZ, Mrs. HARSHBARGER, Mr. 
MOORE of Alabama, Mr. NEWHOUSE, 
Mr. LAMALFA, Mr. SMITH of New Jer-
sey, Mr. HUIZENGA, Mr. ROSE, Mr. 
CAWTHORN, 
Mr. 
BURCHETT, 
Mr. 
LATURNER, and Mr. MEUSER): 
H.R. 7998. A bill to amend the Uyghur 
Human Rights Policy Act of 2020 to impose 
additional 
sanctions 
relating 
to 
human 
rights abuses in the Xinjiang Uyghur Auton-
omous Region; to the Committee on Foreign 
Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on 
the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-
quently determined by the Speaker, in each 
case for consideration of such provisions as 
fall within the jurisdiction of the committee 
concerned. 
By Mrs. BOEBERT (for herself, Ms. 
STEFANIK, Mr. LAMBORN, Mr. GOH-
MERT, Mrs. MILLER of Illinois, Mr. 
POSEY, and Mr. MOOLENAAR): 
H.R. 7999. A bill to prohibit the transfer or 
release of individuals detained at United 
States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, 
Cuba, and the construction or modification 
of facilities in the United States to house de-
tainees transferred from United States Naval 
Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba; to the 
Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. BRADY (for himself, Mr. 
BUCHANAN, Mr. SMITH of Nebraska, 
Mr. KELLY
of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
SMITH of Missouri, Mr. RICE of South 
Carolina, 
Mr. 
SCHWEIKERT, 
Mrs. 
WALORSKI, 
Mr. 
LAHOOD, 
Mr. 
WENSTRUP, Mr. ARRINGTON, Mr. FER-
GUSON, Mr. ESTES, Mr. SMUCKER, Mr. 
HERN, Mrs. MILLER of West Virginia, 
Mr. MURPHY of North Carolina, Mr. 
KUSTOFF, Mr. COMER, Mr. LUETKE-
MEYER, and Mr. SCALISE): 
H.R. 8000. A bill to provide incentives for 
States to recover fraudulently paid Federal 
and State unemployment compensation, and 
for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Ways and Means. 
By Mr. BUCK (for himself, Mr. GOODEN 
of Texas, Mr. BANKS, Ms. HERRELL, 
Mr. HERN, Mr. LONG, Mr. STEUBE, Mr. 
WILSON
of 
South 
Carolina, 
Mr. 
CAWTHORN, Mr. BURCHETT, and Mr. 
TORRES of New York): 
H.R. 8001. A bill to amend title 31, United 
States Code, to ensure the United States cur-
rency market does not support egregious 
human rights violations; to the Committee 
on Financial Services, and in addition to the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period 
to be subsequently determined by the Speak-
er, in each case for consideration of such pro-
visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
By Mr. CAWTHORN: 
H.R. 8002. A bill to establish the Inter- 
Agency Task Force on Energy Independence 
to examine whether the Russian Federation 
funded activities of nongovernmental organi-
zations in Western countries which limited 
the ability of those countries to achieve en-
ergy independence and made them more reli-
ant on energy exported from Russia, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign 
Affairs. 
By Mrs. CHERFILUS-MCCORMICK (for 
herself and Ms. WILSON of Florida): 
H.R. 8003. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to permanently authorize the 
use of certain funds to improve flexibility in 
the provision of assistance to homeless vet-
erans, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois (for 
himself, Mr. LATURNER, Mr. JOHNSON 
of South Dakota, Mr. MAST, Mr. 
GUEST, 
Mr. 
TIMMONS, 
Mr. 
WESTERMAN, Mr. ELLZEY, Mr. JOYCE 
of Pennsylvania, Mr. JOYCE of Ohio, 
and Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia): 
H.R. 8004. A bill to amend the Food and Nu-
trition Act of 2008 to restore and standardize 
work requirements for able-bodied adults en-
rolled in the supplemental nutrition assist-
ance program; to the Committee on Agri-
culture. 
By Mr. DEFAZIO (for himself, Mr. 
COHEN, Mr. LYNCH, Mr. GRIJALVA, Ms. 
MOORE of Wisconsin, Ms. JAYAPAL, 
Mr. PAYNE, Mr. BOWMAN, Ms. TLAIB, 
Ms. ADAMS, Mr. GARCI´A of Illinois, 
Mr. RASKIN, Ms. JACKSON LEE, Ms. 
PINGREE, Ms. LEE of California, Ms. 
SCHAKOWSKY, 
Ms. 
NORTON, 
Ms. 
OCASIO-CORTEZ, Mr. MCGOVERN, and 
Mr. SAN NICOLAS): 
H.R. 8005. A bill to enhance Social Security 
benefits and ensure the long-term solvency 
of the Social Security program; to the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means, and in addition 
to the Committees on Education and Labor, 
and Transportation and Infrastructure, for a 
period to be subsequently determined by the 
Speaker, in each case for consideration of 
such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-
tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. FERGUSON (for himself and 
Mr. GALLAGHER): 
H.R. 8006. A bill to prohibit the mass can-
cellation of student loans; to the Committee 
on Ways and Means, and in addition to the 
Committees on Education and Labor, and 
Energy and Commerce, for a period to be 
subsequently determined by the Speaker, in 
each case for consideration of such provi-
sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
By Mr. GARAMENDI: 
H.R. 8007. A bill to prevent price gouging at 
the Department of Defense; to the Com-
mittee on Armed Services, and in addition to 
the Committee on Oversight and Reform, for 
a period to be subsequently determined by 
the Speaker, in each case for consideration 
of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-
tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. GARCIA of California: 
H.R. 8008. A bill to allow States and local 
educational agencies to use any remaining 
COVID-19 elementary and secondary school 
emergency relief funds for school security 
measures; to the Committee on Education 
and Labor. 
By Mr. GROTHMAN (for himself, Ms. 
MACE, and Mr. GRIFFITH): 
H.R. 8009. A bill to improve school safety; 
to the Committee on Education and Labor. 
By Mr. GUTHRIE (for himself, Mr. 
GRIFFITH, Mr. MCKINLEY, Mr. ARM-
STRONG, Mr. JOYCE of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. BUCSHON, Mr. DUNN, Mr. CARTER 
of Georgia, and Mr. BILIRAKIS): 
H.R. 8010. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Health and Human Services, acting through 
the Commissioner of Food and Drugs, to act 
upon pending submissions for new infant for-
mula, to increase regulatory flexibility in 
the event of an infant formula shortage, and 
for other purposes; to the Committee on En-
ergy and Commerce. 
By Mr. KHANNA (for himself, Mr. 
CHABOT, Ms. TITUS, Mr. FITZPATRICK, 
Mr. CONNOLLY, Ms. SALAZAR, and Mr. 
LEVIN of Michigan): 
H.R. 8011. A bill to amend the Foreign 
Service Act of 1980 to revise the terminology 
used to prohibit discrimination against peo-
ple with disabilities serving in the Foreign 
Service; to the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs. 
By Mr. KIM of New Jersey (for himself 
and Mr. CASTRO of Texas): 
H.R. 8012. A bill to address the importance 
of foreign affairs training to national secu-
rity, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Ms. KUSTER (for herself and Mr. 
GONZALEZ of Ohio): 
H.R. 8013. A bill to establish the Com-
mittee on Large-Scale Carbon Management 
in the Department of Energy and a Federal 
Carbon Removal Initiative, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on Science, 
Space, and Technology, and in addition to 
the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for 
a period to be subsequently determined by 
the Speaker, in each case for consideration 
of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-
tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. LATURNER (for himself, Mr. 
RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. JOHN-
SON of South Dakota, Mr. MAST, Mr. 
GUEST, 
Mr. 
TIMMONS, 
Mr. 
WESTERMAN, Mr. ELLZEY, and Mr. 
JOYCE of Pennsylvania): 
H.R. 8014. A bill to amend title XIX of the 
Social Security Act to implement a min-
imum work requirement for able-bodied 
adults enrolled in State Medicaid programs; 
to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. LEVIN of Michigan (for him-
self, Mr. ALLRED, Mr. BLUMENAUER, 
Ms. 
BLUNT
ROCHESTER, 
Mr. 
CA´ RDENAS, 
Mr. 
CARSON, 
Mrs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:56 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00033
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\L09JN7.100
H09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 32-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5446 
June 9, 2022 
CHERFILUS-MCCORMICK, Ms. CHU, Mr. 
CLEAVER, Ms. DEAN, Mr. ESPAILLAT, 
Mr. EVANS, Mr. GARCI´A of Illinois, 
Mr. GRIJALVA, Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. 
JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. JONES, Ms. 
LEE
of California, Mr. MCGOVERN, 
Mr. MORELLE, Mr. NADLER, Ms. NEW-
MAN, Ms. NORTON, Mr. POCAN, Ms. 
ROYBAL-ALLARD, Mr. SAN
NICOLAS, 
Ms. SA´ NCHEZ, Mr. SARBANES, Ms. 
SCHAKOWSKY, Mr. SCHIFF, Mr. SCOTT 
of 
Virginia, 
Ms. 
SEWELL, 
Ms. 
SLOTKIN, Mr. TAKANO, Mr. THOMPSON 
of Mississippi, Ms. TITUS, Ms. TLAIB, 
Mr. 
TONKO, 
Mr. 
VEASEY, 
Ms. 
VELA´ ZQUEZ, Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN, 
Ms. JAYAPAL, and Mr. GALLEGO): 
H.R. 8015. A bill to direct the Election As-
sistance Commission to establish a program 
to make grants to States to provide en-
hanced pay for election workers, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on House 
Administration. 
By Mr. NEWHOUSE (for himself, Mrs. 
RODGERS
of Washington, Ms. HER-
RERA BEUTLER, Mrs. MILLER-MEEKS, 
Mr. ROSENDALE, Mr. STAUBER, Mr. 
MULLIN, Mr. FULCHER, Mr. BENTZ, 
Mr. LAMALFA, and Mr. WESTERMAN): 
H.R. 8016. A bill to provide for operations 
of the Federal Columbia River Power System 
pursuant to a certain operation plan for a 
specified period of time, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-
sources, and in addition to the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure, for a pe-
riod to be subsequently determined by the 
Speaker, in each case for consideration of 
such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-
tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. PAPPAS (for himself and Mr. 
CLINE): 
H.R. 8017. A bill to make certain improve-
ments to the workforce of the Department of 
Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to 
the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in 
addition to the Committees on Ways and 
Means, and Oversight and Reform, for a pe-
riod to be subsequently determined by the 
Speaker, in each case for consideration of 
such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-
tion of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. PINGREE (for herself and Mr. 
ROUZER): 
H.R. 8018. A bill to amend the Consolidated 
Farm and Rural Development Act to estab-
lish a grant program to assist with the pur-
chase, installation, and maintenance of 
point-of-entry 
and 
point-of-use 
drinking 
water quality improvement products, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on Agri-
culture. 
By Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD (for herself 
and Mr. SMITH of Washington): 
H.R. 8019. A bill to authorize the Secretary 
of Health and Human Services to award 
grants for career support for skilled inter-
nationally educated health professionals; to 
the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Ms. SA´ NCHEZ (for herself and Mr. 
FERGUSON): 
H.R. 8020. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986to allow a deduction for in-
vestment advisory expenses of certain fu-
neral and cemetery trusts during suspension 
of miscellaneous itemized deductions, and 
for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Ways and Means. 
By Mr. SMITH of Washington (for him-
self and Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD): 
H.R. 8021. A bill to authorize the Secretary 
of Health and Human Services to award 
grants to reduce barriers to immigrants be-
coming nurses or allied health professionals 
in the United States, and for other purposes; 
to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. SMITH of Washington (for him-
self and Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD): 
H.R. 8022. A bill to address barriers immi-
grants and refuges face to entering the 
health care workforce, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-
merce, and in addition to the Committee on 
Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-
quently determined by the Speaker, in each 
case for consideration of such provisions as 
fall within the jurisdiction of the committee 
concerned. 
By Ms. SPEIER: 
H.R. 8023. A bill to amend titles 10 and 37, 
United States Code, to establish special pay 
and allowances for members of the Armed 
Forces assigned to cold weather operations, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Armed Services. 
By Ms. TENNEY (for herself, Ms. 
SPANBERGER, Mr. PFLUGER, and Mr. 
PHILLIPS): 
H.R. 8024. A bill to amend title 40, United 
States Code, to prohibit the distribution of 
Federal funds to certain entities related to 
the People’s Republic of China for certain 
public works projects, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. HUDSON (for himself, Mr. 
WALTZ, Mr. PETERS, Mr. CARTER of 
Texas, Mr. RUPPERSBERGER, and Ms. 
CASTOR of Florida): 
H. Con. Res. 95. Concurrent resolution rec-
ognizing the historic significance of the 70th 
anniversary of the founding of the United 
States Army Special Forces and honoring 
the ‘‘Father of the Special Forces’’, Colonel 
Aaron Bank (United States Army, retired) of 
Mission Viejo, California, for his role in es-
tablishing the Army Special Forces; to the 
Committee on Armed Services. 
By Ms. BONAMICI (for herself and Mr. 
FITZPATRICK): 
H. Res. 1162. A resolution expressing sup-
port for a whole child approach to education 
and recognizing the role of parents, edu-
cators, and community members in pro-
viding a whole child approach to education 
for each student; to the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor. 
By Mr. BEYER: 
H. Res. 1163. A resolution expressing the 
need for protecting and conserving at least 
50 percent of the lands and oceans in the 
United States and encouraging diplomatic 
efforts to achieve this goal worldwide; to the 
Committee on Natural Resources, and in ad-
dition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, 
for a period to be subsequently determined 
by the Speaker, in each case for consider-
ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-
risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BIGGS (for himself, Mr. BISHOP 
of North Carolina, Mrs. GREENE of 
Georgia, Mrs. BOEBERT, Mr. CLYDE, 
Mr. 
DUNCAN, 
Mr. 
STEUBE, 
Mrs. 
HARTZLER, Mrs. MILLER of Illinois, 
Mr. GOOD of Virginia, Mr. NORMAN, 
Mr. CAREY, and Mr. HICE of Georgia): 
H. Res. 1164. A resolution condemning 
Charles ‘‘Chuck’’ Schumer, Senator of New 
York; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. ESPAILLAT (for himself, Ms. 
ESCOBAR, Ms. DEAN, Ms. VELA´ ZQUEZ, 
Mr. VARGAS, Mr. CLEAVER, Mr. COO-
PER, Mr. TORRES of New York, Mr. 
LARSON of Connecticut, Mr. EVANS, 
Mr. SUOZZI, Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN, 
Mr. SWALWELL, Mr. GARAMENDI, and 
Ms. LEE of California): 
H. Res. 1165. A resolution declaring gun vi-
olence a public health crisis; to the Com-
mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. TONY GONZALES of Texas (for 
himself, Mr. ELLZEY, Mr. BRADY, Mr. 
CUELLAR, Mr. CRENSHAW, Mr. GOH-
MERT, Mr. SESSIONS, Mr. TAYLOR, Mr. 
GOODEN of Texas, Mr. MCCAUL, Mr. 
BURGESS, Mr. BABIN, Mr. WILLIAMS of 
Texas, Mr. CARTER
of Texas, Mr. 
CLOUD, 
Mr. 
PFLUGER, 
and 
Mr. 
FALLON): 
H. Res. 1166. A resolution condemning the 
horrific attack in Uvalde, Texas, and ex-
pressing support and prayers for all those 
impacted by that tragedy; to the Committee 
on Education and Labor. 
By Mr. GOOD of Virginia (for himself, 
Mr. MOONEY, Mrs. MILLER of Illinois, 
Mr. 
CLYDE, 
Mr. 
NORMAN, 
Mrs. 
MCCLAIN, Mr. MANN, Mr. MASSIE, Mr. 
GIBBS, Mrs. CAMMACK, Mr. GRAVES of 
Louisiana, Mr. FLEISCHMANN, Mrs. 
GREENE of Georgia, Mr. JOHNSON of 
Louisiana, Mr. CLINE, Mr. FULCHER, 
Mr. BUDD, Mr. ROSE, Mr. CLOUD, Mr. 
KELLER, Mr. ROSENDALE, Mr. MOORE 
of Alabama, Mr. SMITH of Missouri, 
Mrs. BOEBERT, Mr. FEENSTRA, Mr. 
BURCHETT, Mr. ALLEN, Mr. GREEN of 
Tennessee, Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana, 
Mr. ROY, Mr. BIGGS, Mr. PERRY, Mr. 
HICE
of Georgia, Mr. HARRIS, Mr. 
LAMALFA, Mr. GOSAR, Mr. DONALDS, 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina, Mrs. 
HARSHBARGER, 
Mr. 
GOHMERT, 
Mr. 
BROOKS, 
Mr. 
HUIZENGA, 
Mrs. 
HARTZLER, Mr. WILLIAMS of Texas, 
Mr. LAMBORN, Mr. BANKS, Mr. WEBER 
of Texas, Mr. BABIN, Mr. DUNCAN, 
Mrs. LESKO, Mr. WALTZ, Mr. GUEST, 
Mr. CAWTHORN, Mr. TONY GONZALES 
of Texas, Mr. BILIRAKIS, Mr. WEBSTER 
of Florida, Mr. TIMMONS, Mr. ADER-
HOLT, Mr. SMITH of Nebraska, Mr. 
LATURNER, and Ms. FOXX): 
H. Res. 1167. A resolution providing for the 
consideration of the bill (H.R. 1011) to imple-
ment equal protection under the 14th article 
of amendment to the Constitution for the 
right to life of each born and preborn human 
person; to the Committee on Rules. 
By Ms. PLASKETT (for herself, Mr. 
WENSTRUP, Ms. SEWELL, and Mr. BLU-
MENAUER): 
H. Res. 1168. A resolution reaffirming the 
economic partnership between the United 
States and the Caribbean nations and recog-
nizing the need to strengthen trade and in-
vestment between the United States and the 
Caribbean nations, our ‘‘Third Border’’; to 
the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. SMITH of Nebraska: 
H. Res. 1169. A resolution requesting the 
President to transmit certain information to 
the House of Representatives relating to the 
proposed waiver of intellectual property 
commitments under the World Trade Organi-
zation Agreement on Trade- Related Aspects 
of Intellectual Property Rights; to the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-
tives, the following statements are sub-
mitted regarding the specific powers 
granted to Congress in the Constitu-
tion to enact the accompanying bill or 
joint resolution. 
By Ms. BONAMICI: 
H.R. 7993. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. WILSON of South Carolina: 
H.R. 7994. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8 of the US Constitution. 
By Mr. BURGESS: 
H.R. 7995. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:56 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00034
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\L09JN7.100
H09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 33-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5447 
June 9, 2022 
Article I Section 8 
By Mr. FALLON: 
H.R. 7996. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Miss GONZA´ LEZ-COLO´ N: 
H.R. 7997. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the 
U.S. Constitution, which provide as follows: 
The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, 
to pay the Debts and provide for the common 
Defence and general Welfare of the United 
States; [ . . . ]—And 
To make all laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the 
foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-
ed by this Constitution in the Government of 
the United States, or in any Department or 
Officer thereof. 
By Mr. BANKS: 
H.R. 7998. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-
cle I, section 8 of the United States Constitu-
tion, specifically clause 18 (relating to the 
power to make all laws necessary and proper 
for carrying out the powers vested in Con-
gress). 
By Mrs. BOEBERT: 
H.R. 7999. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, 
to pay the Debts and provide for the common 
Defence and general Welfare of the United 
States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises 
shall be uniform throughout the United 
States; 
By Mr. BRADY: 
H.R. 8000. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
United States Constitution Article 1 Sec-
tion 8. 
By Mr. BUCK: 
H.R. 8001. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. CAWTHORN: 
H.R. 8002. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1. Section 8 
By Mrs. CHERFILUS-MCCORMICK: 
H.R. 8003. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois: 
H.R. 8004. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: 
[The Congress shall have Power . . . ] To 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and 
proper for carrying into Execution the fore-
going Powers, and all other Powers vested by 
this Constitution in the Government of the 
United States, or in any Department or Offi-
cer thereof. 
By Mr. DEFAZIO: 
H.R. 8005. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (relating to 
the power to make all laws necessary and 
proper for carrying out the powers vested in 
Congress) 
By Mr. FERGUSON: 
H.R. 8006. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (Necessary 
and Proper Clause) 
By Mr. GARAMENDI: 
H.R. 8007. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1, 14, and 18 of 
the U.S. Constitution 
By Mr. GARCIA of California: 
H.R. 8008. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section VIII 
By Mr. GROTHMAN: 
H.R. 8009. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section VIII 
By Mr. GUTHRIE: 
H.R. 8010. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. KHANNA: 
H.R. 8011. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution 
gives Congress the power to make laws that 
are necessary and proper to carry out its 
enumerated powers. 
By Mr. KIM of New Jersey: 
H.R. 8012. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
[Page H1148] 
By Ms. KUSTER: 
H.R. 8013. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section VIII: [The Congress shall 
have Power . . . ] To make all Laws which 
shall be necessary and proper for carrying 
into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all 
other Powers vested by this Constitution in 
the Government of the United States, or in 
any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. LATURNER: 
H.R. 8014. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8 which provides Congress 
the power to lay and collect taxes, duties, 
imposts, and excises to pay the debts and 
provide for the common defence and general 
welfare of the United States. 
By Mr. LEVIN of Michigan: 
H.R. 8015. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 1 of the Constitution. 
By Mr. NEWHOUSE: 
H.R. 8016. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 4 of the United 
States Constitution 
By Mr. PAPPAS: 
H.R. 8017. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United 
States Constitution states that ‘‘Congress 
shall have the authority to make all Laws 
which shall be necessary and proper for car-
rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, 
and all other Powers vested by the Constitu-
tion in the Government of the United States, 
or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
By Ms. PINGREE: 
H.R. 8018. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD: 
H.R. 8019. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Ms. SA´ NCHEZ: 
H.R. 8020. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. SMITH of Washington: 
H.R. 8021. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. SMITH of Washington: 
H.R. 8022. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Ms. SPEIER: 
H.R. 8023. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 
8 of the United States Constitution. 
By Ms. TENNEY: 
H.R. 8024. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of section 8 of article I of the Con-
stitution. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-
tions, as follows: 
H.R. 19: Mr. BUDD. 
H.R. 82: Mr. GREEN
of Texas and Mr. 
ALLEN. 
H.R. 130: Mr. SUOZZI. 
H.R. 194: Mr. BENTZ. 
H.R. 475: Ms. CRAIG. 
H.R. 623: Ms. ESHOO. 
H.R. 645: Mr. CRENSHAW and Mr. MEUSER. 
H.R. 647: Ms. DELBENE. 
H.R. 750: Mr. AMODEI. 
H.R. 911: Mr. SCHIFF. 
H.R. 1011: Ms. FOXX. 
H.R. 
1179: 
Ms. 
SEWELL
and 
Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD. 
H.R. 1304: Mr. BOST. 
H.R. 1381: Mr. STEUBE, Mr. ROSE, and Mr. 
HUIZENGA. 
H.R. 1476: Ms. MANNING. 
H.R. 1518: Mr. BENTZ and Mrs. RODGERS of 
Washington. 
H.R. 1567: Ms. TENNEY, Mr. STEWART, and 
Mr. AMODEI. 
H.R. 1579: Mr. QUIGLEY. 
H.R. 1587: Miss GONZA´ LEZ-COLO´ N. 
H.R. 1604: Mr. HUDSON. 
H.R. 1607: Mrs. BICE of Oklahoma. 
H.R. 1639: Mr. MCKINLEY. 
H.R. 1642: Mr. OBERNOLTE and Mr. BENTZ. 
H.R. 1755: Mr. SCHIFF. 
H.R. 1946: Mr. OBERNOLTE. 
H.R. 1956: Mr. HIMES. 
H.R. 2050: Miss RICE of New York and Mr. 
STEIL. 
H.R. 2166: Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 2187: Mr. MEUSER. 
H.R. 2198: Mr. MFUME. 
H.R. 2255: Ms. CASTOR of Florida. 
H.R. 2447: Mrs. FISCHBACH. 
H.R. 2638: Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-
sylvania. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:56 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00035
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A09JN7.011
H09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 34-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H5448 
June 9, 2022 
H.R. 2773: Mr. GARBARINO, Ms. SLOTKIN, Mr. 
BUDD, Ms. WASSERMAN
SCHULTZ, and Ms. 
SA´ NCHEZ. 
H.R. 3135: Ms. SA´ NCHEZ. 
H.R. 3173: Mr. NEWHOUSE, Ms. LETLOW, Mr. 
CAWTHORN, Mr. SHERMAN, Mrs. WATSON COLE-
MAN, and Mrs. LURIA. 
H.R. 3183: Mr. MCEACHIN and Mr. CRIST. 
H.R. 3215: Ms. CRAIG. 
H.R. 3259: Mr. VAN DREW. 
H.R. 3295: Mr. STEUBE. 
H.R. 3440: Ms. LOFGREN. 
H.R. 3452: Ms. KAPTUR. 
H.R. 3541: Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Penn-
sylvania. 
H.R. 3558: Mr. BACON. 
H.R. 3646: Mr. TRONE. 
H.R. 3671: Mr. SCHNEIDER. 
H.R. 3816: Mr. PAYNE. 
H.R. 3829: Mr. FITZGERALD. 
H.R. 3897: Mr. WENSTRUP and Mr. TONY 
GONZALES of Texas. 
H.R. 3946: Mr. BOWMAN. 
H.R. 3952: Mr. CARTER of Louisiana. 
H.R. 4022: Ms. JAYAPAL. 
H.R. 4136: Mr. VALADAO. 
H.R. 4193: Ms. CASTOR of Florida. 
H.R. 4268: Mr. HARDER of California, Ms. 
CRAIG, Mr. POCAN, Ms. SHERRILL, Ms. TLAIB, 
Mr. VICENTE GONZALEZ of Texas, and Mr. 
GALLEGO. 
H.R. 4436: Mr. SAN NICOLAS and Mr. GOH-
MERT. 
H.R. 4450: Mr. JONES. 
H.R. 4766: Mr. MCEACHIN. 
H.R. 4780: Ms. DEGETTE, Mr. HUFFMAN, Ms. 
KUSTER, Mr. LIEU, and Ms. TLAIB. 
H.R. 4885: Mr. GOHMERT. 
H.R. 5008: Mr. CARTWRIGHT. 
H.R. 5056: Mr. VALADAO. 
H.R. 5064: Ms. SALAZAR and Mr. CARBAJAL. 
H.R. 5338: Mr. PAPPAS. 
H.R. 5407: Mr. TAKANO. 
H.R. 5508: Mr. THOMPSON of California and 
Mr. DOGGETT. 
H.R. 5678: Ms. DELBENE. 
H.R. 6020: Miss GONZA´ LEZ-COLO´ N. 
H.R. 6181: Mr. CASE. 
H.R. 6232: Mr. WILLIAMS of Texas. 
H.R. 6381: Mr. CLEAVER. 
H.R. 6415: Mr. BIGGS. 
H.R. 6448: Mr. CUELLAR, Mrs. BICE of Okla-
homa, Mr. GONZALEZ
of Ohio, and Mr. 
KRISHNAMOORTHI. 
H.R. 6532: Mrs. HAYES and Ms. BONAMICI. 
H.R. 6570: Mr. CRAWFORD and Mr. SOTO. 
H.R. 6681: Mr. BOST. 
H.R. 6712: Mr. ROUZER. 
H.R. 6768: Mr. KATKO. 
H.R. 6815: Mr. CLEAVER. 
H.R. 6860: Ms. VELA´ ZQUEZ, Ms. BROWNLEY, 
Ms. STEVENS, and Mr. SCHIFF. 
H.R. 6921: Mr. LEVIN of California. 
H.R. 6934: Mr. CORREA. 
H.R. 6940: Mr. BANKS. 
H.R. 7030: Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. 
H.R. 7109: Mrs. BICE
of Oklahoma, Mr. 
KELLY of Mississippi, and Mr. LAMBORN. 
H.R. 7116: Mr. AUCHINCLOSS. 
H.R. 7181: Mrs. SPARTZ. 
H.R. 7194: Mr. LATURNER. 
H.R. 7249: Mr. SCHNEIDER. 
H.R. 7255: Mr. VAN DREW. 
H.R. 7260: Mr. KATKO. 
H.R. 
7290: 
Mr. 
CARBAJAL
and 
Mr. 
MALINOWSKI. 
H.R. 7301: Mr. STANTON. 
H.R. 7361: Mr. GOTTHEIMER. 
H.R. 7465: Ms. BONAMICI. 
H.R. 7477: Mr. KILDEE. 
H.R. 7482: Mr. CLEAVER. 
H.R. 7486: Ms. PINGREE. 
H.R. 7563: Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. 
H.R. 7598: Mrs. TRAHAN and Ms. CRAIG. 
H.R. 7612: Ms. STANSBURY. 
H.R. 7644: Mr. MALINOWSKI and Ms. SCHA-
KOWSKY. 
H.R. 7693: Mr. PANETTA. 
H.R. 7705: Mr. PFLUGER. 
H.R. 7769: Mr. SCHIFF. 
H.R. 7792: Mr. MCNERNEY. 
H.R. 7799: Mr. SMITH of New Jersey and Mr. 
GOSAR. 
H.R. 
7801: 
Ms. 
BONAMICI
and 
Miss 
GONZA´ LEZ-COLO´ N. 
H.R. 7814: Mr. TAKANO, Mrs. HAYES, Ms. 
MENG, Mr. PANETTA, Mr. LEVIN of Michigan, 
Mr. 
DESAULNIER, 
Mr. 
NORCROSS, 
Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO, Mr. SMITH of Washington, Mr. 
FOSTER, Mr. HIMES, and Ms. CASTOR of Flor-
ida. 
H.R. 7847: Ms. PORTER and Ms. BARRAGA´ N. 
H.R. 7851: Mr. CLYDE. 
H.R. 
7861: 
Ms. 
BONAMICI
and 
Ms. 
STANSBURY. 
H.R. 7877: Ms. DEAN, Ms. SEWELL, and Mr. 
GRIJALVA. 
H.R. 7884: Mrs. MCBATH. 
H.R. 7890: Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana and Mr. 
GOSAR. 
H.R. 7892: Mr. VALADAO, Mr. STEUBE, Mr. 
ELLZEY, 
Mrs. 
BICE
of 
Oklahoma, 
Ms. 
HERRELL, and Mr. STEWART. 
H.R. 7896: Mr. CARTER of Georgia. 
H.R. 7901: Mr. CASE. 
H.R. 7902: Mr. BABIN, Mr. GARCIA of Cali-
fornia, and Mrs. BICE of Oklahoma. 
H.R. 7909: Ms. GRANGER. 
H.R. 7912: Ms. STANSBURY. 
H.R. 7931: Mr. ROSENDALE. 
H.R. 7945: Mr. FOSTER and Mr. PETERS. 
H.R. 7963: Ms. MACE. 
H.R. 7966: Mr. LOUDERMILK, Mrs. MILLER- 
MEEKS, Mr. CRENSHAW, Mr. GUEST, Mrs. 
SPARTZ, Mrs. HARTZLER, Mr. AMODEI, and Ms. 
MACE. 
H.R. 7973: Mr. DUNN. 
H.R. 7991: Mr. LAMALFA and Mr. COHEN. 
H.R. 7992: Mr. ESPAILLAT. 
H.J. 
Res. 
53: 
Ms. 
MATSUI, 
Mr. 
KRISHNAMOORTHI, and Ms. CRAIG. 
H.J. Res. 68: Mr. SOTO. 
H.J. Res. 87: Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI, Mr. 
QUIGLEY, Mr. MOONEY, Ms. PINGREE, and Mr. 
CASTRO of Texas. 
H. Res. 366: Ms. DAVIDS of Kansas. 
H. Res. 551: Mr. MOONEY. 
H. Res. 722: Mr. MOONEY. 
H. Res. 777: Mr. MOONEY. 
H. Res. 791: Mr. MOONEY. 
H. Res. 939: Mrs. MILLER-MEEKS and Ms. 
BROWNLEY. 
H. Res. 986: Mr. MOONEY. 
H. Res. 1036: Mr. DESAULNIER. 
H. Res. 1077: Mr. BABIN. 
H. Res. 1088: Mr. MOONEY. 
H. Res. 1131: Mr. POSEY and Mr. BROOKS. 
H. Res. 1148: Mrs. MILLER-MEEKS and Mr. 
CAREY. 
f 
PETITIONS, ETC. 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
PT-120. The SPEAKER presented a petition 
of the Board of Supervisors of the City and 
County of San Francisco, relative to Resolu-
tion No. 100-22, urging the Biden Administra-
tion to expedite the processing of all eligible 
Special Immigrant Juvenile visas and to en-
sure the provision of employment documents 
for all abused, neglected, or abandoned chil-
dren and youth; which was referred to the 
Committee on the Judiciary. 
f 
DISCHARGE PETITIONS— 
ADDITIONS AND WITHDRAWALS 
The following Members added their 
names to the following discharge peti-
tions: 
Petition 13 by Mr. BANKS on H.R. 426: Mrs. 
Rodgers of Washington, Mr. Fallon, Mr. 
Joyce of Ohio, and Mr. Steil. 
Petition 14 by Mr. MAST on House Resolu-
tion 1039: Mr. Rutherford. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:56 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00036
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A09JN7.015
H09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 35-
Congressional Record
U
N
U
M
E
P
LU
RI
B
U
S
United States
of America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 117th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.
S2875 
Vol. 168 
WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JUNE 9, 2022 
No. 99 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Honorable JACKY 
ROSEN, a Senator from the State of Ne-
vada. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. 
Eternal God, You stretch out the 
starry curtain of the Heavens. May 
Your Name be kept holy. As our law-
makers depend on Your guidance, keep 
their feet on the path You have chosen. 
Lord, inspire them to make a commit-
ment to always do what is right as You 
give them the wisdom to discern it. 
Open Your hands to bless their work, 
supplying their needs out of the bounty 
of Your celestial riches. Mighty God, 
may Your glory continue forever. 
Lord, thank You for the commitment 
and competence of the great spring 2022 
Senate page class. Bless them as they 
prepare to leave us tomorrow. 
We pray in Your loving Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The Presiding Officer led the Pledge 
of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-
lic for which it stands, one nation under God, 
indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING 
PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE 
The 
PRESIDING 
OFFICER. 
The 
clerk will please read a communication 
to the Senate from the President pro 
tempore (Mr. LEAHY). 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read the following letter: 
U.S. SENATE, 
PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE, 
Washington, DC, June 9, 2022. 
To the Senate: 
Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, 
of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby 
appoint the Honorable JACKY ROSEN, a Sen-
ator from the State of Nevada, to perform 
the duties of the Chair. 
PATRICK J. LEAHY, 
President pro tempore. 
Ms. ROSEN thereupon assumed the 
Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Under the previous order, the 
leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Morning business is closed. 
f 
HONORING OUR PROMISE TO AD-
DRESS COMPREHENSIVE TOXICS 
ACT OF 2021—Resumed 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Under the previous order, the 
Senate will resume consideration of 
H.R. 3967, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 3967), to improve health care 
and benefits for veterans exposed to toxic 
substances, and for other purposes. 
Pending: 
Tester/Moran amendment No. 5051, in the 
nature of a substitute. 
Schumer amendment No. 5065 (to amend-
ment No. 5051), to add an effective date. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
GUN VIOLENCE 
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, 
this year we have already seen more 
mass shootings in America than we 
have had days in the year—more than 
one a day on average. The prevalence 
of guns, their ease of access, and the 
hateful motivations of mass shooters 
have all mixed into a toxic brew that is 
tearing America apart. People are ask-
ing, what is going on, and why can’t 
Congress protect us? 
Yesterday, 
our 
House 
colleagues 
heard from those affected most: the 
parents of a young girl murdered in 
Uvalde, a student who played dead by 
covering herself in her friend’s blood, 
and the mom of a Buffalo survivor who 
painted the gruesome picture of the 
bullet holes on her son’s neck, back, 
and leg. 
These were harrowing, gut-wrenching 
testimonies. That Congress has not 
acted in decades in response to these 
acts of violence is shameful. It used to 
be different. About 30 years ago, I was 
the author of the Brady bill and 
worked with Republicans and law en-
forcement to get strong gun safety 
laws passed. That was a different era. 
But the lesson from back then remains 
clear today: The right laws can make a 
real difference in reducing gun deaths. 
Because those laws were on the books, 
it is very likely that tens of thousands 
of people are alive and healthy who 
would not have been. 
Right now, the Senate is trying to 
break that streak of inaction—the 30- 
year streak of inaction since we were 
able to pass Brady and the assault 
weapons 
ban—by 
working 
toward 
meaningful legislation on gun violence. 
Yesterday, a bipartisan group of 
Democrats and Republicans met again 
to continue working toward a bipar-
tisan compromise. This morning, my 
colleague Senator MURPHY
reported 
that 
the 
group 
is 
making 
good 
progress, and they hope to get some-
thing real done very soon. As soon as 
the bipartisan group comes to agree-
ment, I want to bring a measure to the 
floor for a vote as quickly as possible. 
The overwhelming consensus of our 
caucus, of gun safety advocates, and of 
the American people is that getting 
something real done on gun violence is 
worth pursuing, even if we cannot get 
everything that we know we need. 
The work of curing our Nation of 
mass shootings will continue well after 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
00:58 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A09JN6.000
S09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE
® 
Pdnted on recycled papfil 

 -Page 36-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S2876 
June 9, 2022 
this debate concludes. But at this mo-
ment, we have a moral obligation to 
try for real progress because taking 
tangible steps to reduce gun violence is 
critically important. 
Americans are sick and tired of going 
through the same grieving cycle over 
and over again, only for Congress to do 
nothing. They are enraged that even 
after shootings in Sandy Hook, Park-
land, San Bernardino, El Paso, Boul-
der, Pittsburgh, Atlanta, and so many 
others, 
that 
nothing—nothing—has 
changed. 
We hope this time around something 
will change at last. I hope that very 
soon we can see a deal come together. 
I encourage my colleagues to keep 
their talks going so we can act on it 
very quickly. 
JANUARY 6 HEARINGS 
Madam President, on the January 6 
hearings, tonight, the Nation will tune 
in to the House Select Committee on 
January 6 as they begin their first pub-
lic hearings on the Capitol insurrec-
tion. Tonight’s hearings will be a wa-
tershed moment in the fight to protect 
our democracy from the Big Lie of the 
hard right. 
The committee will lay bare the 
truth that the American people must 
know; first, that there was tremendous 
violence. There are still many out 
there who say there wasn’t violence. 
There was. The pictures show it. The 
eyewitnesses testify to it. 
And the committee will lay bare the 
truth that the American people must 
know; that Donald Trump was at the 
heart of a coordinated effort to over-
turn the 2020 elections, to overturn our 
constitutional order, and inflict perma-
nent damage upon our democracy. It 
will be essential viewing. 
But in one of the most cowardly jour-
nalistic decisions in modern memory, 
FOX News—one of the biggest ampli-
fiers of the Big Lie about January 6, 
about Donald Trump, and about the 
election—will not broadcast tonight’s 
hearing. 
FOX News’s decision not to air the 
biggest hearing in modern history 
should end any debate that they are 
not a real news organization. FOX 
News is rapidly becoming a propaganda 
machine of the hard right, and it is as 
plain as day that they are scared of 
their viewers learning the truth about 
January 6. 
FOX News’s decision not to air the 
January 6 hearings is dangerous, cow-
ardly, and shameful, given that they 
have spent more than a year spreading 
the Big Lie and misinforming their 
viewers. 
Instead of telling the truth, they 
have isolated their viewers in an alter-
native reality of conspiracy theories 
that is immensely damaging to our de-
mocracy. Even the so-called liberal 
media which FOX News regularly at-
tacks tries to tell both sides. 
FOX News is afraid of telling both 
sides because they are afraid of the 
truth, and they are afraid their viewers 
may learn that FOX News has lied to 
them. 
I urge FOX News to change course 
very soon. The press has an obliga-
tion—always has had that obligation— 
not to hide the truth from the Amer-
ican people, no matter how painful or 
inconvenient. 
And as a nation, we have a duty to 
never forget what happened on January 
6. The direct assault on our democracy 
and the dangers of that day, sadly, re-
main still with us. 
HONORING OUR PACT ACT OF 2021 
Madam President, now, on the PACT 
Act, a happier note, today, the Senate 
will continue consideration of the most 
important veteran healthcare expan-
sion in decades, the PACT Act, au-
thored by my colleagues Senators 
TESTER and MORAN—bipartisan. 
We want to get this bill done as soon 
as we can. We can’t have dilatory or 
destructive amendments to this bill be-
cause it is too important for our vet-
erans’ well-being to delay or destroy it. 
For years, I have worked extensively 
with veterans, veterans service organi-
zations, and advocates, including Jon 
Stewart and John Deal, who all say 
that the VA rules must be changed to 
ensure sick veterans get the care they 
need. 
They volunteered, went off to war, 
and were exposed to toxins. That is a 
cost of war, and the American people 
cannot let them down. 
The bill, which could benefit 3.5 mil-
lion veterans who have been exposed to 
toxic chemicals in the line of duty, rep-
resents that change. For the sake of 
our veterans, there is no reason—no 
reason—not to pass this bill A-S-A-P, 
and I hope that is precisely what we 
can do. 
SHIPPING 
Madam President, on shipping, next 
week, the House is to vote on a much 
needed bill, passed unanimously by the 
Senate in April, to lower costs and re-
lieve supply chains by reforming unfair 
shipping practices that hurt exporters 
and consumers alike. 
Rising costs are top of the mind right 
now for the American people, and one 
of the more flummoxing causes of in-
flation is the crushing backlog that we 
are seeing at our ports. We have all 
seen the pictures of scores of ships lin-
ing up in ports, from Los Angeles to 
Savannah, to Seattle, to my home port 
of New York and New Jersey. 
These backlogs have created serious 
price hikes. According to one study 
from earlier this year, the price to 
transport a container from China to 
the west coast of the United States 
costs 12 times—12 times—as much as it 
did 2 years ago, and the American con-
sumer is paying the price. And it hurts 
both ways when shipping costs go up: It 
affects exports that we send overseas 
and imports that come back. It is a 
double whammy, whacking the Amer-
ican people’s pocketbooks and wallets. 
At the end of the day, the American 
consumer ends up paying the higher 
price. 
So I am very glad that the House will 
finally act on the Senate-passed ship-
ping bill next week. The shipping re-
form bill will help us lower costs. It 
will clear our ports, relieve our supply 
chains, and American families will feel 
the benefit. 
I want to thank my colleagues Sen-
ators KLOBUCHAR and THUNE, the au-
thors of the legislation, as well as the 
fine work of Senator CANTWELL, for 
leading this legislation earlier this 
year out of committee, onto the floor, 
and passing here in the Senate. 
I yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. MCCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the order 
for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER 
The Republican leader is recognized. 
U.S. SUPREME COURT 
Mr. MCCONNELL. Madam President, 
2 years ago, the Senate Democratic 
leader stood on the steps of the Su-
preme Court and threatened two Jus-
tices by name. ‘‘You will pay the 
price,’’ he shouted. ‘‘You won’t know 
what hit you.’’ A month ago, after the 
precedent-breaking leak of a draft 
opinion, top Democrats intensified the 
reckless talk. Hillary Clinton said the 
Court was poised to ‘‘kill and subjugate 
women.’’ Leader SCHUMER and Speaker 
PELOSI
said 
the 
Court 
would 
be 
‘‘ripp[ing] up the Constitution.’’ Some 
of the most powerful people in the 
country pushing total hysteria over 
the possibility that Justices may— 
may—overturn a decision that even 
Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg said was 
badly reasoned. 
Far-left activists publicized Justices’ 
private 
addresses 
and 
encouraged 
angry people to flock to their homes. 
President Biden and his White House 
were asked to condemn these intimida-
tion tactics, and they refused. I wrote 
to Attorney General Garland about a 
month ago, asking why he wasn’t en-
forcing the laws on the books already 
against judicial intimidation. 
Look, everybody saw where this cli-
mate might lead. So, yesterday morn-
ing, U.S. marshals arrested a deranged 
person who traveled to Washington 
from California in order to assassinate 
a Supreme Court Justice at his house. 
He has reportedly been charged with 
attempted murder. The FBI says the 
would-be 
assassin 
was 
armed 
and 
equipped for a break-in. He told au-
thorities that he was trying to think 
about how to give his life a purpose. 
Apparently, it was only when he came 
across the Justice’s address posted on-
line that it occurred to him to attempt 
a murder-suicide. He explained that his 
problem with this Justice was ideolog-
ical, citing abortion and the Second 
Amendment. 
While this would-be assassin was 
making his plan and traveling across 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
00:58 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G09JN6.002
S09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 37-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S2877 
June 9, 2022 
the country, House Democrats have 
spent weeks—weeks—blocking bipar-
tisan legislation to strengthen security 
for the Justices and their families. 
This bipartisan bill passed the Senate 
unanimously in early May. Chairman 
DURBIN
is a strong supporter. But 
inexplicably—inexplicably—this urgent 
and uncontroversial bill has been sit-
ting on Speaker PELOSI’s desk ever 
since. The same House Democrats 
whose irresponsible rhetoric has con-
tributed to this dangerous climate are 
themselves blocking added security for 
the Justices and their spouses and 
their children. Even last night—last 
night—even after this arrest was made, 
even after a leftwing group published 
an ominous social media post con-
cerning a school that a Justice’s chil-
dren attend, when Leader MCCARTHY 
asked 
consent 
to 
pass 
the 
uncontroversial bill, House Democrats 
objected to it. 
Meanwhile, the Biden Department of 
Justice, under Attorney General Gar-
land, continues to flatly ignore section 
1507 of the Criminal Code, which would 
appear to make it a Federal crime to 
protest at the homes of Federal judges 
to influence them over a pending case. 
That is the law right now. 
So this has been a shameful and dis-
turbing 
two-step 
from 
Washington 
Democrats. First they use reckless 
rhetoric that helps fuel the dangerous 
climate, and then they refuse to do 
their jobs and address the problem. The 
same far left that has spent years try-
ing to improperly pressure the Court is 
now aiding and abetting this illegal in-
timidation campaign through total in-
action. 
So why won’t President Biden call on 
his supporters to leave the Justices 
alone? 
President Biden, call on your sup-
porters to leave the Justices alone. 
Why won’t the Attorney General of 
the United States enforce existing law? 
Why won’t the Speaker stop blocking a 
bipartisan security bill that passed the 
Senate unanimously? 
So it is hard to avoid concluding that 
perhaps some Democrats may want 
this dangerous climate hanging over 
the Justices’ heads as they finish up 
this term—a disgraceful—disgraceful— 
dereliction of duty. This is antithetical 
to the rule of law. The Speaker of the 
House and the Attorney General must 
honor their oaths to the Constitution 
and do their jobs. 
I understand Democrats want to 
stage a big spectacle this week about 
what they claim is their opposition to 
political violence, but in reality, they 
are going out of their way to block 
concrete steps to prevent political vio-
lence. 
FOREIGN POLICY 
Madam President, now on an entirely 
separate matter, 1 year ago yesterday, 
the Biden administration announced 
its withdrawal from Afghanistan had 
reached a halfway point. 
Analysis after analysis has confirmed 
what was clear to many of us in real 
time: The President’s shoddy plans for 
a reckless pullout were doomed to dis-
aster from the start. 
Back in February, an Army inves-
tigation found that in the run-up to 
President Biden’s botched retreat, his 
senior national security and diplomatic 
advisers were ‘‘not seriously planning 
for an evacuation’’ and not paying at-
tention to ‘‘what was happening on the 
ground.’’ That is an Army investiga-
tion of the withdrawal. 
Last month, the Special Inspector 
General for Afghanistan Reconstruc-
tion blasted the administration’s bad 
judgment 
before 
Congress. 
He 
ex-
plained that removing U.S. military 
and contractor support to our Afghan 
partners was ‘‘the single most impor-
tant factor’’ in the collapse—the col-
lapse—of Afghanistan’s resistance to 
the Taliban. 
It is not just that this giant policy 
failure should have been foreseeable to 
the Biden administration; it was, in 
fact, foreseen. Experts spent months 
warning that the President’s policies 
would create chaos. I spent months 
saying the very same thing. 
Now many of the worst predictions 
about the aftermath are coming true 
before our eyes. Our country and our 
partners are facing needlessly height-
ened risk from terrorists because of 
how the Biden administration botched 
Afghanistan. Yet the administration is 
still in denial. 
In a letter to Congress just yester-
day, the Commander in Chief claimed 
the United States ‘‘remains postured to 
address threats’’ to both our homeland 
and our interests ‘‘that may arise from 
inside Afghanistan.’’ But the reality is 
that Pentagon leaders have been clear 
about the dramatic ways the with-
drawal has limited our ability to iden-
tify, to target, and to strike terrorists 
in Afghanistan. 
The former commander of U.S. Cen-
tral Command says that forcing U.S. 
air assets to travel longer distances to 
reach Afghan airspace means severely 
limiting the time they can spend actu-
ally performing counterterrorism mis-
sions—just as we predicted. 
A brandnew report from the lead in-
spector general for our ongoing coun-
terterrorism operations further con-
firms that the Biden administration’s 
mistakes have put us way, way behind 
the curve. Without human intelligence 
or bases in the country, the United 
States is already suffering from less in-
sight into emerging terror threats. Our 
sources are drying up just as we pre-
dicted. 
We haven’t conducted a single strike 
against a military target in Afghani-
stan since the last military personnel 
left Kabul, and that isn’t because there 
aren’t any terrorists there. As the IG 
report 
confirms, 
it 
is 
because 
of 
‘‘logistical challenges and limited in-
telligence.’’ 
The Taliban-Haqqani government in 
Kabul is not just a state sponsor of ter-
rorism, it is literally a government 
made up of terrorists and kidnappers 
with deep ties to Al Qaeda. 
Even as the Biden team continues to 
pretend that over-the-horizon oper-
ations are not inadequate in Afghani-
stan, they are implicitly acknowl-
edging that same insufficiency in other 
theaters. Last month, President Biden 
redeployed U.S. troops to Somalia, re-
establishing a limited but real presence 
intended to help local partners prevent 
their country from becoming a ter-
rorist haven. So President Biden’s own 
actions in Somalia give rise to the 
false claims in Afghanistan. In point of 
fact, the longest term vision about 
counterterrorism this White House has 
managed to lay out is their obsession— 
obsession—with 
someday 
shutting 
down the Guantanamo Bay detention 
center entirely. 
I have yet to hear any coherent plans 
for what the Biden administration in-
tends to do with the dangerous killers 
currently held there. Will they con-
tinue to rely on third countries to de-
tain terrorists? That is the strategy 
that made possible the Taliban’s mas-
sive jailbreak of thousands of hardened 
terrorists from Bagram after this ad-
ministration fled Afghanistan. 
Does the administration intend to 
send terrorists to Syria to be held in-
definitely by a nongovernmental entity 
like the Syrian Defense Forces? In that 
case, how long is the Biden administra-
tion prepared to remain in Syria to 
make sure that ISIS, Hezbollah, or the 
Assad regime can’t facilitate another 
giant jailbreak? 
The American people and our coali-
tion partners deserve a clear, coherent 
counterterrorism strategy that leaves 
our homeland safer and our partner-
ships stronger. 
The Biden administration is pro-
viding, unfortunately, exactly the op-
posite. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. THUNE. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for 
the quorum call be rescinded. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
U.S. SUPREME COURT 
Mr. THUNE. Madam President, be-
fore I begin, I would like to express my 
dismay at House Democrats’ decision 
last night to block legislation to pro-
vide enhanced security for Supreme 
Court Justices and their families. 
Due to the unprecedented leak of an 
early draft of the Supreme Court’s 
Dobbs 
decision 
and 
the 
resulting 
hysteria from members of the pro-abor-
tion left, the Supreme Court asked 
Congress for additional authorities to 
protect Justices’ families. This hap-
pened 4 weeks ago. And yesterday’s ar-
rest of an armed man near Justice 
Kavanaugh’s home—a man who told 
police that he intended to kill a Su-
preme Court Justice and has been 
charged with attempted murder—made 
clear just how needed that protection 
is. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
00:58 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G09JN6.003
S09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 38-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S2878 
June 9, 2022 
The Supreme Court security legisla-
tion in question passed the Senate 
unanimously 4 weeks ago but has faced 
inexplicable delays in the House of 
Representatives. 
This should not be a partisan issue. 
The Senate Democratic Whip said just 
yesterday that the House should pass 
this legislation. 
And I really thought that yesterday’s 
arrest of an individual bent on assassi-
nating a Supreme Court Justice would 
have forced House Democrats to aban-
don political gains and provide this ur-
gently needed protection. 
There is no excuse for further delay. 
One press report suggests that Demo-
crats may be rethinking their opposi-
tion. I hope that is true. House Demo-
crats should abandon the political 
games today and pass this legislation. 
STUDENT LOANS 
Madam President, recent reporting 
suggests that President Biden may be 
contemplating forgiving $10,000 in Fed-
eral student loan debt per borrower. 
That is a bad idea for many reasons. It 
is difficult really to know where to 
start, but let me begin by pointing out 
the obvious: that forgiving $10,000 in 
Federal student loan debt will do abso-
lutely nothing to address the under-
lying problem and, in fact, would likely 
make things much worse. 
The price of higher education has 
risen stratospherically in recent dec-
ades. The cost of 1 year of attendance 
at some colleges—just 1 year—is more 
than many Americans’ yearly salaries. 
And that is a problem. But forgiving 
$10,000 of student loan debt would do 
absolutely nothing to fix the problem 
of soaring tuition costs. As I said, it 
would very likely make things worse. 
What incentive would colleges have 
to rein in costs if they could be con-
fident that part of their students’ bill 
would eventually be picked up by the 
Federal 
Government; 
because, 
of 
course, no one should be deceived into 
thinking that student loan forgiveness 
would be a one-time thing? 
One estimate suggests that the stu-
dent loan burden in this country would 
return to its current amount within 4 
years—4 years—of $10,000 in debt being 
forgiven, and calls to forgive more debt 
would undoubtedly come much sooner. 
Future graduates are very likely to 
want the same deal that would be of-
fered to graduates today—the wiping 
away of $10,000 in debt—which brings us 
to another problem: some students opt-
ing to take on unrealistic levels of debt 
to finance their educations. 
How much greater is that problem 
going to be if students think that the 
Government is likely to step in and 
forgive some of the debt that they have 
agreed to repay? It is very easy to 
imagine a student feeling free to take 
on more debt than he or she otherwise 
would, believing that the Government 
is likely to reduce the resulting debt 
burden. 
Another massive problem with Presi-
dent Biden’s plan is, of course, its com-
plete 
unfairness. 
Under 
President 
Biden’s plan, an individual who just 
finished paying his or her student loans 
after years of work would not receive a 
penny. Meanwhile, a student who grad-
uated a month ago and hasn’t yet paid 
a dime on his or her loans could see a 
substantial part of his or her debt 
wiped away. 
The President’s plan is also incred-
ibly unfair to the tens of millions of 
Americans without any student loan 
debt who would be asked to subsidize a 
student loan debt of a small percentage 
of Americans. Somewhere around two- 
thirds of millennials have no student 
debt, either because they didn’t attend 
college or didn’t take out any loans to 
attend college. The president’s plan is 
unfair to those who avoided loans by 
working their way through school or 
choosing a lower-cost college option. It 
is unfair to parents who worked for 
years to ensure that they could finance 
their kids’ education. And it is unfair 
to those who chose not to attend a tra-
ditional 4-year college and, instead, 
trained in one of the many essential 
trades we depend on, from plumbing to 
air conditioning to broadband installa-
tion, at a significantly lower-cost com-
munity college or technical school. 
Another problem with the Presi-
dent’s plan is what it would teach 
about the sanctity of contracts. While 
it may, at times, be ill-advised, stu-
dents freely enter into the agreements 
when they take out a loan. Should we 
really be teaching that agreements and 
contracts mean nothing, that people 
can incur debt and then not have to 
pay it off? 
Another important point to make 
here is that the average debt for under-
graduate education in this country is 
not as crippling as it might be por-
trayed. Now, there is no question that 
there are students out there who were 
encouraged to take on unrealistic lev-
els of debt and are currently struggling 
with huge debt burdens made up of pri-
vate as well as Federal loans, but the 
average debt, the average debt for an 
undergraduate education is somewhere 
around $29,000. That is not chump 
change, for sure, but it is also not an 
unmanageable level of debt for the av-
erage college graduate—especially with 
the availability of extended repayment 
plans and income-driven repayment 
programs. 
Average student loan debt rises sub-
stantially for those with advanced de-
grees, and there are certainly those 
who take on far too much debt for 
graduate education, but it is also im-
portant to know that those with ad-
vanced degrees have higher—and in 
some cases much higher—earning po-
tential. 
Doctors, for example, take on med-
ical debt north of $190,000 on average, 
but once they have completed their 
education and training they can expect 
to make a robust—sometimes a very 
robust—six figures per year, making 
repaying debt of that size a very fea-
sible proposition. 
There is no question that the cost of 
higher education is out of control and 
that students sometimes take on unre-
alistic levels of debt to pay for it. But 
forgiving student loan debt is not the 
answer for the reasons I have men-
tioned, among others. Instead, we 
should be exploring ways to drive down 
education costs. 
We should be also highlighting af-
fordable education options like our Na-
tion’s community colleges and tech-
nical schools. These institutions, like 
the outstanding tech schools we have 
in South Dakota, provide students with 
associate’s degrees, certificates, ap-
prenticeships, opportunities to learn a 
trade, and more. 
There are also things we can do to 
help students pay off loans without 
forcing taxpayers to shoulder the bur-
den. In December of 2020, Congress 
passed a 5-year version of legislation 
that I introduced with Senator WARNER 
to allow employers to help employees 
repay their loans. Our Employer Par-
ticipation in Repayment Act amends 
the Educational Assistance Program to 
permit employers to make tax-free 
payments on their employees’ student 
loans. It is a win for employees, who 
get help paying off their student loans. 
And it is a win for employers who have 
a new option for attracting and retain-
ing talented workers. 
Our bill isn’t a cure-all, but it will 
certainly help ease the pain of paying 
back student loans for a number of 
Americans. I am pleased that it was en-
acted into law for a 5-year period, and 
I hope at some point Congress will act 
to make it permanent. 
Another big thing we can do, of 
course, is to make sure that graduates 
have access to good-paying jobs. This is 
key to enabling people to pay off their 
debt, and we should resolve to build on 
the economic progress that we had 
made prepandemic and focus on poli-
cies that will allow our economy to 
thrive. 
Republicans are not alone in think-
ing that forgiving $10,000 in student 
loan debt is fraught with problems. As 
one Democrat Senator said: 
An across-the-board cancellation of college 
debt does nothing to address the absurd cost 
of college or fix our broken student loan pro-
gram. It offers nothing to Americans who 
paid off their college debts or those who 
chose a lower-priced college to go to as a 
way of avoiding going into debt or taking on 
debt. . . . [R]really importantly, it ignores 
the majority of Americans who never went 
to college, some of whom have debts just as 
staggering . . . 
That is from one of our Democrat 
colleagues here in the Senate. 
The New York Times editorial board, 
not exactly known for toeing the Re-
publican line, noted: 
Canceling this debt, even in the limited 
amounts the White House is considering, 
would set a bad precedent and do nothing to 
change the fact that future students will 
graduate with yet more debt—along with the 
blind hope of another, future amnesty. Such 
a move is legally dubious, economically un-
sound, politically fraught and educationally 
problematic. 
That was from the New York Times 
editorial board. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
00:58 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00004
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G09JN6.005
S09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 39-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S2879 
June 9, 2022 
With inflation near a 40-year high, 
with the President’s approval rating 
hitting a new low, and with Democrats’ 
prospects for November looking less 
rosy, it is not exactly surprising that 
the President would look toward stu-
dent loan forgiveness as a way of dis-
tracting voters or that some Demo-
crats are reportedly pushing for stu-
dent loan forgiveness as a way to boost 
their chances in November; but I very 
much hope that the President will de-
cide that temporary political gain is 
not a good reason to put American tax-
payers on the hook for billions of dol-
lars in student loan debt that is not 
their own. 
As the New York Times noted, the 
President’s plan is ‘‘legally dubious, 
economically 
unsound, 
politically 
fraught, and educationally problem-
atic.’’ 
I strongly, strongly encourage the 
President to abandon a plan that even 
the Democratic Speaker of the House 
has suggested he doesn’t have the au-
thority to implement. 
I yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The 
PRESIDING 
OFFICER 
(Mr. 
BOOKER). The clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for 
the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
ORDER OF BUSINESS 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that, at 11:45 a.m. 
today, the Senate proceed to executive 
session and vote on the confirmation of 
Executive Calendar No. 856, the nomi-
nation of Robert Steven Huie, as pro-
vided under the previous order, and 
that, following the vote, the Senate re-
sume legislative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
JANUARY 6 HEARINGS 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, this 
evening, the Select Committee to in-
vestigate the January 6 attack on the 
U.S. Capitol will hold its first public 
hearing. 
For more than 10 months, the Janu-
ary 6 Select Committee has labored 
diligently to discover and document 
the truth about the day we nearly lost 
our democracy. This evening, the com-
mittee will begin to lay out publicly, 
for the first time, the coordinated plan 
in place to overturn the results of the 
2020 Presidential election and prevent 
the peaceful transition of power to a 
new administration in America. Those 
are incredible words that I have just 
spoken, but they reflect the reality of 
January 6, 2021. 
Among the witnesses will be Capitol 
Police Officer Caroline Edwards, one of 
the more than 140 Capitol and Metro-
politan police officers who was injured 
when the mob attacked the Capitol. 
To Officer Edwards and all of the po-
lice officers who defended American de-
mocracy that day and who continue to 
protect this Capitol every day, we owe 
more than our thanks. 
January 6 revealed to the world how 
fragile democracy can be, even in 
America. Keeping our democracy re-
quires vigilance and truth. Often, it re-
quires sacrifice, and there must be a 
willingness to accept that truth. It is 
regrettable—no, it is shameful—that 
our Republican colleagues in the Sen-
ate filibustered the creation of an inde-
pendent, bipartisan commission to in-
vestigate what happened on January 6. 
I recall that moment, and I am sure 
the Presiding Officer does as well. It 
was slightly after 2 o’clock, just a few 
minutes after 2 o’clock. Vice President 
Pence was presiding over the U.S. Sen-
ate as we went through the orderly, 
constitutional process of counting the 
electoral votes. I looked up from my 
chair to see the Secret Service come in 
and physically remove—quickly re-
move—the Vice President from that 
chair. The events that unfolded in the 
next few minutes were hard to imagine 
could ever occur in the United States 
of America. We were told to sit safely 
in our chairs, in that this was a secure 
Chamber, and be prepared for other 
staffers from around the Capitol to join 
us. Not 10 minutes later, a member of 
the Capitol Police stood before us and 
said: As quickly as possible, evacuate 
this Chamber. 
It is hard to imagine this in the 
United States of America. We have 
seen the videos. We know what hap-
pened. There is no doubt as to what 
happened that day and what an impres-
sion it must have left on the rest of the 
world. What would we think, at this 
moment in time, if a mob with bat-
tering rams beat down the doors of 
Parliament and entered the House of 
Commons and the House of Lords? 
Would we not say on this side of the 
ocean, my God, what has happened to 
the United Kingdom? Can this govern-
ment survive? Can that country sur-
vive? The same questions were being 
asked about America because of that 
insurrectionist mob on January 6. 
The proposal was made—and it was a 
legitimate, thoughtful, good-faith pro-
posal—to establish a bipartisan com-
mission to get to the bottom of it—who 
was behind it?—and to ask the hard 
questions. What role did President 
Donald Trump play in what unfolded 
after his rally on January 6, 2021? Some 
people don’t even want to raise the 
question, let alone hear the answer. 
History demands the truth, unless we 
have reached the point that we saw in 
the times of the Soviet Union when 
they refused to print in their daily 
newspapers plane crashes. It was bad 
news, and they didn’t want to peddle 
any bad news in the official partisan 
organ, Izvestia. No. That was the re-
ality of the Soviet Union—deny the 
truth, rewrite history. We see the same 
thing occurring today, but the Amer-
ican people are going to learn the 
truth. 
All three major broadcast networks 
and all but one cable news network will 
carry this evening’s hearing live. What 
cable news network might not require 
the broadcast of this? I am going to 
guess FOX News, and I am right. Think 
about that for a second. Clearly, to 
FOX News, which profits off the Big 
Lie of Donald Trump, it matters more 
to continue that relationship than to 
tell the truth to their viewers. 
The members of the Select Com-
mittee have undertaken their duty 
with uncommon courage, and I want to 
single out, in particular, Congressman 
ADAM KINZINGER from the State of Illi-
nois. We are not close friends, but we 
have worked on a few things together. 
I have the highest regard and admira-
tion for the courage that he has shown 
throughout this travail; and the fact 
that he would volunteer, against the 
wishes of the Republican House leader-
ship, to make this committee bipar-
tisan is a tribute to his citizenship and 
to his commitment to this Nation. 
The same thing, of course, is true for 
Representative LIZ CHENEY. She has a 
lot at stake. Representative KINZINGER 
has announced his retirement. She con-
tinues to represent Wyoming, and I 
hope she will for many years to come. 
I may disagree with her on virtually 
every other issue, but I have respect 
for her courage in serving on this bi-
partisan committee. 
FEDERAL BUREAU OF PRISONS 
Mr. President, on another topic, it is 
no secret that the Federal Bureau of 
Prisons has been plagued by mis-
conduct. One investigation after an-
other has revealed a culture of abuse, 
mismanagement, corruption, torture, 
and death that reaches all the way to 
the top. 
One of the most troubling investiga-
tions was published last week by Na-
tional Public Radio and the Marshall 
Project. The title of the report reads: 
‘‘How the Newest Federal Prison Be-
came One of the Deadliest’’—the facil-
ity in question I know well: U.S. Peni-
tentiary Thomson. It is located in my 
home State of Illinois. In fact, it is a 
facility that I officially and originally 
encouraged the Federal Government to 
purchase in order to reduce over-
crowding in high security prisons. The 
opening of U.S. Penitentiary Thomson 
was supposed to improve safety within 
the Bureau of Prisons, but the reality, 
sadly, has been the exact opposite. 
According to this report, seven in-
mates at U.S. Penitentiary Thomson 
have died in just 2 years. Five of them 
were reportedly murdered by other in-
mates; two died by suicide. And those 
deaths are just a snapshot of the grim 
reality of this facility—the deadly, 
grim reality. The investigation paints 
a picture of rampant abuse by prison 
staff. This alleged abuse includes the 
excessive use of two kinds of painful re-
straints—ambulatory 
restraints 
and 
four-point restraints. The ‘‘four’’ refers 
to each of a person’s limbs, which, 
under this technique, are chained to a 
concrete bed, rendering the individual 
immobile. 
This is an American penitentiary. 
The Bureau of Prisons’ protocol says 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
00:58 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00005
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G09JN6.007
S09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 40-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S2880 
June 9, 2022 
that these restraints should be used 
sparingly and only to momentarily— 
momentarily—restrain an inmate who 
presents an active danger to himself or 
others. 
According 
to 
this 
report, 
some 
guards at U.S. Penitentiary Thomson 
have, apparently, made a habit of regu-
larly using these restraints on in-
mates—not momentarily but regularly. 
In some cases, inmates have reportedly 
been left chained for hours and days. 
A lawyer who has spoken with U.S. 
Penitentiary Thomson inmates said: 
[The inmates] are denied food. They are de-
nied water. Many of them report being left in 
their own waste. It’s really akin to a torture 
chamber. 
This is an American prison in my 
State. 
The use of restraints and shackles 
has become so common, inmates have 
coined a term to describe the scars 
they leave on their arms and legs. It is 
known as the ‘‘Thomson tattoo.’’ 
The report also alleges that the staff 
at U.S. Penitentiary Thomson have 
gained a reputation for stoking ten-
sions between cellmates. Make no mis-
take, this is a special management 
unit. These are inmates who can be 
very dangerous, and I understand that. 
I understood it when the penitentiary 
was opened. 
One example that was highlighted in 
this report is indicative of the chal-
lenge. It was the murder of Matthew 
Phillips, a U.S. Penitentiary Thomson 
inmate who died in 2020. Mr. Phillips 
was a Jewish man with a visible Star of 
David tattoo. The corrections officers 
at U.S. Penitentiary Thomson report-
edly locked Mr. Phillips in a recreation 
cage with two known White suprema-
cists. These inmates beat Mr. Phillips 
until he was unconscious, and he died 
from his injuries 3 days later. Both 
men have since been indicted by the 
Justice Department on murder and 
hate crime charges. 
Following the publication of this 
shocking 
report, 
I 
joined 
Senator 
DUCKWORTH, my colleague from Illi-
nois, 
and 
Illinois 
Congresswoman 
CHERI BUSTOS, sending a letter to the 
Justice Department’s Inspector Gen-
eral Michael Horowitz. In it, we urged 
him to launch a full-scale, immediate 
investigation 
into 
the 
failures 
at 
Thomson prison. 
I spoke with General Horowitz yes-
terday. He confirmed that his office is 
investigating the deaths at Thomson, 
along with many other abuses in the 
Bureau of Prisons. 
But this report about U.S. Peniten-
tiary Thomson is only the most recent 
look into the house of horrors that is 
the Bureau of Prisons, the Federal Bu-
reau of Prisons. We already have ample 
evidence of a pattern of neglect and 
abuse that has been embedded in their 
bureaucracy. 
Consider, for instance, the Bureau’s 
overuse 
of 
restricted 
housing—the 
practice of separating inmates from 
the general prison population, isolating 
them alone or with one other person 
for 24 hours at a time. The practice can 
cause severe mental anguish for in-
mates and can severely harm the pros-
pects for ever reentering society. 
Much like the use of four-point re-
straints, restricted housing should, as 
the Justice Department noted in 2016, 
‘‘be used rarely, applied fairly, and sub-
jected to reasonable constraints.’’ That 
is the standard, the published standard, 
of the Bureau of Prisons. 
During the Obama administration, I 
held two hearings, which are still fresh 
on my mind they were so gripping, on 
the issue of solitary confinement. Fol-
lowing those hearings, the Justice De-
partment took steps to reduce and re-
form the Bureau of Prisons’ use of re-
stricted housing. We started to make 
real progress. 
Unfortunately, 
the 
progress 
was 
erased during the Trump administra-
tion. And since the former President 
left office, the Biden Department of 
Justice has had plenty of time to 
change course and leadership. And I 
have urged them to do so. 
A year and a half into this adminis-
tration, nearly 8 percent of BOP in-
mates are still being held in restricted 
housing. That is the same level it was 
under President Trump. That is just 
plain 
unacceptable. 
The 
continued 
overuse of restricted housing and the 
alleged abuses at Thomson are among 
the many instances of misconduct and 
mismanagement that have occurred 
under the failed leadership of Bureau of 
Prisons’ Director Michael Carvajal. 
In light of those earlier reports de-
tailing similar failures, I called for Mr. 
Carvajal’s resignation last November. 
So it was welcome news when, about 6 
weeks after I asked for his resignation, 
he announced it. Mr. Carvajal said he 
was going to resign. 
But that was January. Now we are in 
June, and the Justice Department has 
shown little progress or urgency in 
naming Carvajal’s replacement. As a 
result, he is still running and misman-
aging the Bureau of Prisons. 
This recent investigation at Thom-
son makes it clear there are no excuses 
for further delay. So today I am calling 
on President Biden, Attorney General 
Garland, and Deputy Attorney General 
Monaco to do one of two things; either 
name a new reform-minded Director to 
replace Carvajal immediately or ap-
point an Acting Director until a per-
manent selection is made. This cannot 
wait. We need to act before another in-
mate dies in the custody and care of 
this Federal Government. 
In the coming weeks, the Senate Ju-
diciary Committee, which I chair, will 
be holding a hearing on the Bureau of 
Prisons. We will examine these allega-
tions of abuse at Thomson and other 
facilities. We need answers from the 
Biden administration on the failure to 
reduce the use of restricted housing, 
and we will discuss what BOP must do 
to address the staffing crisis that has 
contributed to this disastrous situa-
tion. 
The crisis demands the attention of 
the highest ranking officials within the 
Department of Justice. It has been long 
overdue. It is time for us to have com-
petent, principled leadership at the Bu-
reau of Prisons. 
I am not condemning every person 
who works at that Agency, for sure. I 
have met many of them and respect 
them. But those who are guilty of this 
misconduct need to be held account-
able, and new leadership is imperative. 
It has been a long time since we have 
had that kind of competent, principled 
leadership. I believe that Attorney 
General Garland and Deputy Attorney 
General Monaco will choose the right 
leader to clear out the bureaucratic rot 
and improve with significant reforms. 
But we need to act quickly. Lives are 
at stake. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Texas. 
GUN VIOLENCE 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, over the 
last couple of weeks, many of us have 
spent a lot of time thinking about the 
horrific shootings in Uvalde, Philadel-
phia, Buffalo, and elsewhere. 
Unfortunately, these are familiar 
scenes that we have seen before, and we 
would like to try to find a way to re-
duce the likelihood of their reoccur-
rence in the future if there is anything 
we can do here in the Senate to make 
that possible. So I have been working 
particularly with Senator MURPHY, 
who was my partner on the Fix NICS 
bill that we passed in 2018. 
Senator MURPHY comes from a blue 
State, Connecticut; I come from a red 
State, Texas. Yet, in that example, we 
were able to take the horrible events of 
Sutherland Springs, where innocent pa-
rishioners were gunned down at a small 
Baptist church outside of San Antonio, 
and take out of that tragedy something 
good, which is a bill we call Fix NICS, 
the National Instant Criminal Back-
ground Check System. 
Since that was signed into law, 111⁄2 
million 
new 
records 
have 
been 
uploaded into the background check 
system, and I believe that has saved 
lives. 
You will recall, in that case, the 
shooter was a veteran of the U.S. Air 
Force, but, unfortunately, he had a 
troubled history: felony convictions, 
domestic violence, mental health adju-
dications. None of that was in the 
background check system. It should 
have been, and it would have disquali-
fied him had it been known. But he did 
what so often happens; he lied, and 
then he bought—the lie and buy—and 
tragedy ensued. We were all sickened 
by 
these 
shootings, 
and 
we 
are 
hyperaware of the public interest. 
The most common refrain I hear is: 
Do something. Do something. Unfortu-
nately, it gets a little less specific 
after that what exactly should be done, 
and that is where the hard work begins. 
But, as before, I am optimistic that 
we can find something that protects 
the rights of law-abiding citizens under 
our Constitution, under the Second 
Amendment, who, I believe, are not a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
00:58 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00006
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G09JN6.008
S09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 41-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S2881 
June 9, 2022 
threat to public safety, and focus on 
people with criminal records, people 
with mental health challenges, like 
young Salvador Ramos in Uvalde, TX; 
like Adam Lanza at Sandy Hook. 
The profile is pretty well estab-
lished—young, alienated, disaffected, 
mentally challenged boys who lack ac-
cess to treatment which will help them 
manage their mental illness and who 
descend into a pit of despair, ulti-
mately resulting in their desire not 
only to harm themselves but to take 
other people with them. That profile is 
well established in the scientific lit-
erature. And the New York Times did 
an excellent piece a couple of weeks 
ago on that profile. So I think that 
gives us a little bit of a roadmap for 
the sorts of things we might do to deal 
with that. 
What makes this more challenging 
than, for example, the Fix NICS bill 
after Sutherland Springs is that was a 
singular point of failure. Here, we see 
multiple points of failure, and I think 
we need to address as many as we can. 
So as I mentioned, the mental health 
issue looms large. We know that during 
the 2 years, where many students were 
isolated at home, trying to keep up 
with their studies virtually, many of 
them have languished, many of them 
have fallen behind. And because they 
have been isolated from their peers at 
a time when their social development 
is the most important, many of them 
have fallen into despair, exacerbating 
underlying problems that they may 
have in the first place. So trying to fig-
ure out how to support our schools and 
our communities with resources needed 
to address the mental and emotional 
health of people who are struggling, 
particularly 
young 
students, 
that 
seems like an obvious area that we can 
work on together. 
Obviously, school security is impor-
tant. The initial reports in Uvalde were 
that the door was propped open that 
Salvador Ramos entered. Later, we 
found out that, no, it wasn’t propped 
open, but the lock didn’t work. He just 
walked right in. 
There are a lot of studies and best 
practices when it comes to what is nec-
essary to secure our schools. If we can 
secure our airports post-9/11, we can se-
cure our schools to make sure that peo-
ple who should come in and out of 
those schools can do so relatively eas-
ily but that outsiders cannot and par-
ticularly those who are a threat to the 
safety of those students. 
I think all of us want to try to find 
ways to reduce the likelihood of some-
thing like this happening again, and 
school districts across the country are 
eager to get our help and guidance to 
harden their infrastructure to provide 
for the personnel, resource officers— 
that is the local police officer on the 
school campus. Those are things that I 
think would diminish the likelihood of 
another Uvalde. 
Mental health and school safety seem 
to me as kind of no-brainers, in a 
sense, where I don’t think there is a lot 
of division between that side of the 
aisle and this side of the aisle. 
But we are also looking at ways to 
keep guns out of the hands of people 
who already, by law, are prohibited 
from having them. I am not talking 
necessarily about expanding the back-
ground check system; I want to make 
sure the background check system 
works. 
What makes this challenging is Sal-
vador Ramos showed up after his 18th 
birthday as if he were born yesterday. 
For purposes of the background check 
system, there was no insight into his 
many mental health challenges or ter-
roristic threats of fellow students, po-
tentially drug use, and other things 
that if he were an adult, he could not 
pass a background check. But because 
of the fact that juvenile records are 
typically sealed and are not part of the 
NICS review, the merchant who sold 
him the firearms he used didn’t know 
anything about his track record. 
But we know how, as I said earlier, 
that he fits a familiar profile. He shot 
his 
own 
grandmother 
because 
she 
wanted him to go back to school after 
being out of school for the last 2 years. 
He engaged in self-mutilation, self-cut-
ting, tortured animals, made threats 
against his fellow students, threatened 
sexual assault against his fellow fe-
male students, and made threats that 
he would, in fact, do what he ulti-
mately did online. He was a ticking 
timebomb. 
So if there is some way for us to look 
back into the sorts of records that 
would disqualify an adult if they had 
occurred post-18—because they would 
have been public records available to 
the National Instant Criminal Back-
ground Check System—if there is a 
way to look back and identify people 
like Salvador Ramos, who, by virtue of 
his mental health and other problems, 
we would know he should not be able to 
purchase a firearm legally. 
A couple of States—I think it is 
South Carolina and Virginia—volun-
tarily upload mental health adjudica-
tions for 17-year-olds. We can’t compel 
other States to do that, but we can 
sure provide—we can facilitate other 
States doing so and incentivize their 
populating the NICS background check 
system with this necessary informa-
tion for juveniles, who ultimately will 
end up—they will turn of age and be 
able to buy a firearm, and we need to 
know ahead of time, for purposes of the 
background check system, what those 
records look like. 
So there are a number of things that 
we could do. One suggestion is, for ex-
ample, to take a look at the back-
ground check process itself for 18- to 
21-year-olds in particular since that is 
the population we are focusing on 
based on this profile. 
Under current law, if you go in and 
buy a firearm and you have a clean 
record, you can pass your background 
check pretty quickly. In 90 percent of 
cases, that is actually what happens. 
The average processing time is 2 min-
utes. In most cases, the system returns 
a binary result: You either pass or you 
don’t pass, you fail. When you fail, that 
means you can’t purchase a firearm. 
Now, the Congress, the Senate—in 
particular, Senator COONS from Dela-
ware and I sponsored a bill that would 
notify local police when somebody goes 
in to take a background check and fails 
because 
they 
don’t 
qualify. 
Many 
times, 
the 
local 
law 
enforcement 
knows more about these people and 
would be interested to know that they 
tried to illegally purchase a firearm 
and were denied. 
But in about 10 percent of the gun 
purchases, the background check is not 
resolved immediately. The system re-
turns a yellow light, which means addi-
tional review is required. For example, 
if you have a common name like John 
Smith, the search may pull records for 
somebody else, for the wrong person 
with the same name who is prohibited 
from purchasing a gun. It could also be 
caused by incomplete criminal his-
tory—for example, if somebody is con-
victed of assault but on further exam-
ination, you find out it was domestic 
violence, which is a prohibited cat-
egory. You would also learn whether it 
was a felony or a misdemeanor. 
In those cases, the FBI, under cur-
rent law, already has 3 days in which to 
complete the background check. The 
problem is, under current law, there 
are no finish—the seller still sells the 
gun, and we have an incomplete record. 
Dylann Roof, I believe, was the name 
of the shooter at the Mother Emanuel 
Church in Charleston, SC. As it turned 
out, he had a misdemeanor drug offense 
that was not uploaded into the back-
ground check system. 
Now, it is a disqualifying condition if 
you are addicted to or a frequent user 
of illegal drugs, but because the back-
ground check system did not allow 
enough time to include that informa-
tion—maybe, just maybe, he would 
have been denied the purchase of the 
firearms that he ultimately used to 
kill those innocent people that day. 
So what we are looking at is the pos-
sibility of—in those cases where there 
is what I will call a yellow flag or an 
indication that further review is nec-
essary—an extended period of time, for 
this class of purchasers between 18 and 
21, for the background check system to 
complete their review. 
Well, I have said it before, and I will 
say it again: I don’t believe law-abid-
ing, mentally well gun owners are 
going to commit mass shootings or are 
a threat to public safety. I know within 
the Senate, we have a number of people 
who are sportsmen; who enjoy target 
shooting, let’s say; who believe that 
they need to exercise their Second 
Amendment rights in order to protect 
their family and their homes. They are 
not a threat. So blanket limitations or 
prohibitions on those law-abiding citi-
zens who are not a threat to public 
safety and never will be, to me, strikes 
as overreach. 
We are not talking about a discre-
tionary right; we are talking about a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
00:58 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00007
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G09JN6.010
S09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 42-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S2882 
June 9, 2022 
constitutional right. But I do believe 
that the Second Amendment and sound 
public policy are not mutually exclu-
sive here, and that is the needle we are 
trying to thread here. So adding juve-
nile records to the NICS system is a 
commonsense way to ensure we have a 
complete picture of the buyer’s his-
tory. 
Then, of course, there is the scandal 
of our mental health delivery system 
in the United States today. Back in the 
sixties, when people who had mental 
health challenges were institutional-
ized, we finally figured out that that 
didn’t work very well; it was inhu-
mane. The theory was that there would 
be created some safety net in commu-
nities across the country where people 
could turn; where the police, if they 
answered a 9–1-1 call and they realized 
that this isn’t a criminal, that this is 
somebody going through a mental 
health crisis—where the police could 
take people where they could actually 
get help, get treated, get counseling, 
and get better. That doesn’t exist 
today in many communities—in the 
major cities perhaps, even in suburban 
areas, but Uvalde, TX, population 
15,000, not so much. 
So we are looking at ways to expand 
the community-based mental health 
system. Senator STABENOW and Sen-
ator BLUNT have a great proposal that 
would extend the current eight-State 
pilot program nationwide. Now, is that 
solely related to what happened at 
Uvalde or what happened in Buffalo or 
what happened in Philadelphia? No, 
but it would address the larger under-
lying challenge of more and more 
Americans falling through the cracks. 
While we know most people in a men-
tal health crisis are not going to com-
mit acts of violence, we also know that 
60 percent of the gun-related deaths are 
suicides. And as it occurred to me like 
a light went off in my head, Salvador 
Ramos, Adam Lanza, and others of this 
profile of young men, in addition to the 
multiple homicides they commit, they 
commit suicide. They know they are 
not going to make it out alive. 
So addressing this mental health cri-
sis that affects our country and par-
ticularly where we fail these young 
men who feel like they have nowhere 
else to turn, who become increasingly 
isolated, become increasingly desen-
sitized to the idea of taking someone’s 
life because they are sitting in their 
room playing video games, killing peo-
ple virtually all the time, and then, in 
their bizarre fantasies, decide to extend 
those fantasies to taking not only their 
own life but the lives of other innocent 
people. 
So this is challenging, Mr. President, 
and there is no doubt about it, but we 
can do this. We can do this. Sometimes 
politics is called the art of the possible, 
and I think this is possible. Is it going 
to be perfect? Are we going to not have 
to revisit some other scenario where 
people have fallen through the cracks 
or where vulnerabilities are exposed? 
No, we can’t be sure that this is one 
and done. But I do believe there is a 
sense of urgency, not only here in the 
Congress but in the White House and 
across the country. We have all heard 
from our constituents, who are in an-
guish over what has happened in 
Uvalde and elsewhere. The cry is to do 
something. Like I said, that is not very 
specific. And I understand, but it is up 
to us to try to find what is the right 
set of policies that would respect the 
rights of law-abiding citizens under the 
Constitution but at the same time ad-
dress what we know is a huge mental 
health crisis in this country and make 
sure that the systems that are in place 
work, like the National Instant Crimi-
nal Background Check System. 
We need to populate that system 
with the relevant information that 
would disqualify somebody, if they 
were an adult, if it occurred while they 
were a juvenile. There are ways we can 
do that. We can incentivize that. We 
can take a look back in some cases. We 
can allow the National Instant Crimi-
nal Background Check System, in 
those limited cases where they need to 
do further review, to see that the infor-
mation is complete. 
We can figure this out, and I think, 
on a bipartisan basis, there is a will to 
do so. Around here, if there is a will, 
there is a way, and I believe we do have 
the will and we will find a way. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The 
PRESIDING 
OFFICER. 
The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for 
the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, secondly, 
I would ask unanimous consent that I 
be allowed to speak even though it may 
go a moment or two longer and that 
the vote be delayed to allow me to 
complete my remarks. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
HONORING OUR PACT ACT OF 2021 
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I want to 
speak this morning really to America’s 
veterans and provide an update on our 
work to get our toxic exposure legisla-
tion across the finish line. 
The Senate is in the midst of consid-
ering the Sergeant First Class Heath 
Robinson Honoring Our PACT Act. 
This is historic. It is bipartisan. 
I hope that we can keep it becoming, 
when something is bipartisan, that it is 
historic because we ought to be able to 
solve these problems for veterans and 
really for Americans in a way that 
brings us together and not pulls us 
apart, and this is an effort to show that 
that can be done. This legislation will 
deliver on a promise we made as a 
country to take care of our service men 
and women, both when they deploy and 
when they come home. 
The Heath Robinson Act will provide 
access to healthcare and benefits for 
millions of veterans who are sick from 
illnesses connected with toxic expo-
sures. 
When we send our warfighters into 
harm’s way, it is with the under-
standing that we will have their back. 
When they come home bearing phys-
ical, mental, or invisible wounds of 
war, we care for those wounds. Toxic 
wounds should not be treated dif-
ferently. 
John Buckley, a retired U.S. Army 
colonel from Andover, KS, told me: 
Our Soldiers were put into dangerous situ-
ations in Iraq and Afghanistan. And many 
who suffered from their wounds or made the 
ultimate sacrifice have been cared for by our 
nation. Unfortunately, many too have been 
overlooked and ignored. Especially those 
who are suffering from injuries after having 
recurring and prolonged exposure to toxic 
fumes, burn pits and other environmental 
hazards. 
This legislation is designed to ad-
dress what the retired colonel told me. 
Another Army colonel, this one from 
Leavenworth, KS, Pat Proctor, who 
served in Iraq and Afghanistan, shared 
that many of the men and women he 
served with are facing health chal-
lenges from being exposed to toxins 
while deployed. He said: 
There is no telling—[there is no telling]— 
how many of us will be impacted as we get 
older. 
I know many of our veterans live 
with the lingering fear, will the toxic 
exposures from their service catch up 
with them and leave them with a de-
bilitating disease? And if that happens, 
will the VA be there? Will Americans 
be there for them with the healthcare 
and benefits they need? 
William Turner, the former deputy 
commander general of support for Kan-
sas’s own Fort Riley First Infantry Di-
vision, told me: 
Our Veterans have served in multiple loca-
tions where they have been exposed to a 
number of toxins that have resulted in them 
developing serious illnesses, and they often 
struggle to gain access to health care and 
benefits that help alleviate some of the pain 
and suffering they are experiencing. 
Sometimes we think these issues are 
something people in Washington, DC, 
are talking about, but what we are try-
ing to address is the real circumstances 
of real Americans who have served our 
Nation and who are deserving of our at-
tention. 
The former deputy commanding gen-
eral went on to say—to note this: 
It is absolutely imperative that we pass 
this bill to guarantee exposed veterans re-
ceive permanent access to health care. 
Moving legislation through Congress 
can be a slow and frustrating process. 
However, this week, when the Senate 
began debate on our bill, I was encour-
aged by the resounding show of con-
fidence. This bill—to move forward on 
this bill, that vote was 86 Senators in 
favor. 
We are now focused on an amend-
ment process and will continue work-
ing as quickly as the Senate will allow 
to get this bill to the House and back 
on its way to the President’s desk. 
Whether Democrat or Republican, 
every Member of this Chamber rep-
resents veterans at home, and I firmly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
00:58 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00008
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G09JN6.011
S09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 43-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S2883 
June 9, 2022 
believe that every Member in this 
Chamber cares about those veterans. 
Issues related to veterans often have a 
way of bringing us together to find 
consensus, and that is what we have 
been attempting to do and we will con-
tinue to do as we sort out what amend-
ments could be considered. 
We were able to deliver veterans 
choice through the MISSION Act, land-
mark 
mental 
health 
legislation 
through the John Scott Hannon Mental 
Health Improvement Act, and I believe 
we can do that again on this legislation 
to deliver care and benefits to all gen-
erations of toxic-exposed veterans. 
This country is good at recognizing 
the physical wounds of war, and we are 
getting better at recognizing the men-
tal wounds of war, but no longer can we 
ignore the wounds of war from toxic 
exposure—the wounds, like Agent Or-
ange before it, that may not arrive 
until years later. 
Throughout the remaining proce-
dural votes on the Heath Robinson Act, 
I urge my colleagues with remaining 
questions or concerns to reach out so 
we can all, together, deliver on this 
promise to those who have borne the 
battle. I look forward to working with 
my colleagues to see that this bill 
crosses the finish line soon. 
I yield the floor. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
The 
PRESIDING 
OFFICER 
(Mr. 
SCHATZ). Under the previous order, the 
Senate will proceed to executive ses-
sion and resume consideration of the 
following nomination, which the clerk 
will report. 
The bill clerk read the nomination of 
Robert Steven Huie, of California, to be 
United States District Judge for the 
Southern District of California. 
VOTE ON HUIE NOMINATION 
The 
PRESIDING 
OFFICER. 
The 
question is, Will the Senate advise and 
consent to the Huie nomination? 
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask for 
the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk called the roll. 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Vermont (Mr. SANDERS) 
is necessarily absent. 
Mr. THUNE. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator 
from North Carolina (Mr. BURR) and 
the Senator from North Dakota (Mr. 
CRAMER). 
The result was announced—yeas 51, 
nays 46, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 223 Ex.] 
YEAS—51 
Baldwin 
Bennet 
Blumenthal 
Booker 
Brown 
Cantwell 
Cardin 
Carper 
Casey 
Collins 
Coons 
Cortez Masto 
Duckworth 
Durbin 
Feinstein 
Gillibrand 
Hassan 
Heinrich 
Hickenlooper 
Hirono 
Kaine 
Kelly 
King 
Klobuchar 
Leahy 
Luja´n 
Manchin 
Markey 
Menendez 
Merkley 
Murkowski 
Murphy 
Murray 
Ossoff 
Padilla 
Peters 
Reed 
Rosen 
Schatz 
Schumer 
Shaheen 
Sinema 
Smith 
Stabenow 
Tester 
Van Hollen 
Warner 
Warnock 
Warren 
Whitehouse 
Wyden 
NAYS—46 
Barrasso 
Blackburn 
Blunt 
Boozman 
Braun 
Capito 
Cassidy 
Cornyn 
Cotton 
Crapo 
Cruz 
Daines 
Ernst 
Fischer 
Graham 
Grassley 
Hagerty 
Hawley 
Hoeven 
Hyde-Smith 
Inhofe 
Johnson 
Kennedy 
Lankford 
Lee 
Lummis 
Marshall 
McConnell 
Moran 
Paul 
Portman 
Risch 
Romney 
Rounds 
Rubio 
Sasse 
Scott (FL) 
Scott (SC) 
Shelby 
Sullivan 
Thune 
Tillis 
Toomey 
Tuberville 
Wicker 
Young 
NOT VOTING—3 
Burr 
Cramer 
Sanders 
The nomination was confirmed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the motion to re-
consider is considered made and laid 
upon the table, and the President will 
be immediately notified of the Senate’s 
actions. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-
sume legislative session. 
The Senator from Maryland. 
LGBTQI+ PRIDE MONTH 2022 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, this 
June marks 53 years since the attack 
on the Stonewall Inn and 52 years since 
the first pride parade was held in New 
York City. The Stonewall riots are 
widely recognized as the catalyst for 
the resurgence of the fight for lesbian, 
gay, bisexual, transgender, queer, and 
intersex—LGBTQI+—rights, and they 
were the first in a series of landmark 
events that would define the LGBTQ 
experience of the late 20th century. 
From the UpStairs Lounge arson at-
tack to the devastating AIDS crisis, 
the community persevered through 
many harrowing ordeals. During this 
month, we recognize not only the 
struggles of the LGBTQ community 
but the triumphs, both big and small. 
Not nearly as well known, the Up-
Stairs Lounge arson attack took place 
nearly 4 years after the Stonewall 
riots, on June 24, 1973. Patrons of the 
New Orleans bar, which primarily 
served as a safe meeting space for blue- 
collar gay men, noticed a fire in the 
front stairwell just before 8 p.m. The 
fire spread rapidly, forcing patrons to 
flee to the rooftop and out the barred 
windows to escape. Unfortunately, this 
was not enough. Twenty-eight people 
lost their lives in the blaze, and four 
more succumbed to their injuries in 
the following days. This horrendous act 
would go on to become the deadliest at-
tack on the LGBTQ community until 
the Pulse nightclub shooting in 2016, 
which claimed the lives of 49 individ-
uals. Both of these attacks took place 
during Pride Month, a month that cele-
brates love, acceptance, and commu-
nity. 
The celebration of Pride Month also 
allows members of the LGBTQ commu-
nity to reassert their rights to openly 
be their true selves and say: ‘‘We are 
here. We are not going away.’’ This 
message is especially important now, 
as the Supreme Court prepares to vote 
on potentially overriding Roe v. Wade, 
the decision that protects an individ-
ual’s right to privacy and control over 
their 
own 
bodies. 
Justice 
Samuel 
Alito’s reasoning in this argument, 
though not final, threatens an entire 
line of rights that the Court has in-
ferred from the text of the Constitu-
tion 
over 
decades, 
including 
foundational 
protections 
for 
the 
LGBTQ people such as marriage equal-
ity, established in the 2015 Obergefell v. 
Hodges decision. 
I am an original cosponsor of the 
Equality Act, S. 393, which would safe-
guard and protect equal rights for the 
LGBTQ individuals in areas including 
public accommodations and facilities, 
education, Federal funding, employ-
ment, housing, credit, and the jury sys-
tem. I am also the lead sponsor of the 
resolution to eliminate the deadline for 
the ratification of the Equal Rights 
Amendment, which would strengthen 
the constitutional foundation for pro- 
LGBTQ legislation like the Equality 
Act. 
I strongly oppose action by the Su-
preme Court to take away the rights of 
Americans 
by 
overturning 
Roe 
or 
Obergefell or other cases like Griswold 
v. Connecticut, which guarantees the 
rights of families to have access to con-
traception and family planning. 
While I am proud that Maryland has, 
at the State level, protections in place 
to preserve the sanctity of same-sex 
marriage should these rights come 
under threat at a Federal level, such 
fundamental rights must be respected 
at the national level. As many have 
pointed out, Supreme Court decisions 
to overturn precedent have historically 
expanded individual rights, not taken 
them away. 
LGBTQ Pride Month is an integral 
part of our community here in Mary-
land. Parades and celebrations are tak-
ing place all across the State, from 
Salisbury to Cumberland. As an ally, I 
am committed to uplifting and sup-
porting the LGBTQ voices. In par-
ticular, we must make a special effort 
to protect transgender children and 
their parents and safeguard their ac-
cess to healthcare and social services 
during these challenging times. 
As extremism grows louder in many 
States, we must stand united and firm 
in the face of injustice and continue to 
proclaim that love has been and always 
will be love. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The 
PRESIDING 
OFFICER 
(Mr. 
KING). The clerk will call the roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:31 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00009
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G09JN6.013
S09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE
---

 -Page 44-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S2884 
June 9, 2022 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for 
the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will pro-
ceed to executive session and resume 
consideration of the following nomina-
tion, which the clerk will report. 
The bill clerk read the nomination of 
Samuel R. Bagenstos, of Michigan, to 
be General Counsel of the Department 
of Health and Human Services. 
VOTE ON BAGENSTOS NOMINATION 
The 
PRESIDING 
OFFICER. 
The 
question is, Will the Senate advise and 
consent to the Bagenstos nomination? 
Mr. DURBIN. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk called the roll. 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from New Jersey (Mr. BOOKER) 
is necessarily absent. 
Mr. THUNE. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator 
from Missouri (Mr. BLUNT), the Senator 
from North Carolina (Mr. BURR), the 
Senator 
from 
North 
Dakota 
(Mr. 
CRAMER), the Senator from Ohio (Mr. 
PORTMAN), the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania (Mr. TOOMEY), the Senator from 
Alabama (Mr. TUBERVILLE), and the 
Senator from Mississippi (Mr. WICKER). 
The result was announced—yeas 49, 
nays 43, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 224 Ex.] 
YEAS—49 
Baldwin 
Bennet 
Blumenthal 
Brown 
Cantwell 
Cardin 
Carper 
Casey 
Coons 
Cortez Masto 
Duckworth 
Durbin 
Feinstein 
Gillibrand 
Hassan 
Heinrich 
Hickenlooper 
Hirono 
Kaine 
Kelly 
King 
Klobuchar 
Leahy 
Luja´n 
Manchin 
Markey 
Menendez 
Merkley 
Murphy 
Murray 
Ossoff 
Padilla 
Peters 
Reed 
Rosen 
Sanders 
Schatz 
Schumer 
Shaheen 
Sinema 
Smith 
Stabenow 
Tester 
Van Hollen 
Warner 
Warnock 
Warren 
Whitehouse 
Wyden 
NAYS—43 
Barrasso 
Blackburn 
Boozman 
Braun 
Capito 
Cassidy 
Collins 
Cornyn 
Cotton 
Crapo 
Cruz 
Daines 
Ernst 
Fischer 
Graham 
Grassley 
Hagerty 
Hawley 
Hoeven 
Hyde-Smith 
Inhofe 
Johnson 
Kennedy 
Lankford 
Lee 
Lummis 
Marshall 
McConnell 
Moran 
Murkowski 
Paul 
Risch 
Romney 
Rounds 
Rubio 
Sasse 
Scott (FL) 
Scott (SC) 
Shelby 
Sullivan 
Thune 
Tillis 
Young 
NOT VOTING—8 
Blunt 
Booker 
Burr 
Cramer 
Portman 
Toomey 
Tuberville 
Wicker 
The nomination was confirmed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. VAN 
HOLLEN). Under the previous order, the 
motion to reconsider is considered 
made and laid upon the table, and the 
President will be immediately notified 
of the Senate’s actions. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-
sume legislative session. 
RECOGNIZING WGN RADIO 
Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. President, I 
rise today to honor Chicago’s very own 
WGN Radio for reaching its milestone 
100th birthday this year. 
In a century’s time, WGN has re-
ported on so much of our Nation’s his-
tory. The station is synonymous with 
Chicago’s vibrant sports history and 
has defined time and again what it 
means to have a vision and work to see 
it through. 
WGN, which stands for ‘‘World’s 
Greatest Newspaper’’ and pays homage 
to the Chicago’s Tribune’s 20th century 
slogan, comes from humble beginnings. 
Starting with a single staff member 
in 1922, WGN went on to cover some of 
the past century’s defining moments 
and solidify a legacy of storytelling 
and determination. 
In 1942, it was WGN who interrupted 
their broadcast of a Bears game to re-
port for the next 257 hours and 35 min-
utes on the attack on Pearl Harbor. 
On 9/11, WGN was there, focusing on 
Chicago’s reaction to the events on 
that tragic September morning. 
As an Illinoisan, I am proud that 
WGN has consistently shown up during 
some of our country’s darkest days. 
But they have been with us through 
many of our brightest moments too. 
WGN went from broadcasting its very 
first sports game—a match between the 
Cubs and White Sox—go Cubs—in 1924, 
to Wayne Larrivee, Dick Butkus, and 
Jim Hart broadcasting the Chicago 
Bears’ legendary Super Bowl XX win to 
2010’s triumphant cries as the station’s 
broadcasters described Patrick Kane 
scoring the winning goal in overtime, 
earning the Chicago Blackhawks the 
Stanley Cup for the first time in 50 
years. 
WGN has not just been telling our 
stories for the last 100 years, but they 
have become a vital member of our 
community. 
Judy Markey and Kathy O’Malley’s 
beloved afternoon talk show, and mak-
ing Mary Sandberg Boyle the station’s 
first woman general manager in 2019, 
or bringing the voices like Orion Sam-
uelson and Bob Collins to our days— 
WGN is embedded in the hearts of so 
many Chicagoans. 
WGN’s legacy isn’t just about radio. 
It is about community. It is about 
being proud of where you have come 
from and where you are going. 
So here is to 100 more years of WGN, 
and many more to come. 
I yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The 
PRESIDING 
OFFICER. 
The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for 
the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
MEMORIAL DAY 
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, it is 
Thursday, and I normally come down 
on the Senate floor to give the ‘‘Alas-
kan of the Week’’ speech. And, unfortu-
nately, I am not going to do that 
today. 
Actually, last week, I named two 
Alaskans of the week. We kind of had a 
two-for-one last week. Just as a little 
wrap-up for that, it was quite a re-
markable thing that took place just 
last week in Alaska on Memorial Day. 
My two Alaskans of the week, a 92- 
year-old artist working with a detec-
tive, both Alaska Natives, both from 
the community of Unalaska out on the 
Aleutian Islands chain, worked to-
gether. 
Actually, 
Gertrude 
Svarny 
worked for decades to right a wrong 
and get a military burial on Memorial 
Day for a young man and also an Alas-
ka Native from Unalaska who died 
fighting in World War II and was never 
recognized, no gravestone, no tomb-
stone, nothing—for decades. And we 
had an amazing ceremony thanks to 
these two amazing Alaskans—Gertrude 
Svarny, as I mentioned, and Mike Liv-
ingston. And the memory of this young 
Alaska Native soldier, Private George 
Fox, was now finally recognized. 
That was in a Memorial Day cere-
mony last week. I was trying to get 
there. Unfortunately, they sometimes 
get a lot of bad weather out there. I 
flew halfway out to the Aleutian Is-
lands, and we had horrible weather. We 
couldn’t land. 
But the ceremony happened. So there 
were two Alaskans of the week 2 weeks 
ago that I just wanted to highlight 
again. It was an incredibly moving 
ceremony. 
So I figured that was two for one. So, 
unfortunately, I am not going to do an 
‘‘Alaskan of the Week’’ today. I know 
we like to end the week on a high note. 
INFRASTRUCTURE 
Mr. President, I am going to talk 
about a mystery that has really been, 
certainly, flummoxing me and, I think, 
so many people in our Federal Govern-
ment on a matter that especially im-
pacts millions and millions of Ameri-
cans suffering from high energy prices. 
It is a mystery for the American peo-
ple. 
And, you know, our Federal Govern-
ment can sometimes be so opaque that 
you often don’t know who is up to what 
in this Big Government of ours, par-
ticularly when people are trying to do 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:31 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00010
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G09JN6.015
S09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE
---

 -Page 45-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S2885 
June 9, 2022 
things that are so obviously harmful to 
the American people. So I am going to 
talk a little bit about this mystery be-
cause I think we finally solved it. 
There is a culprit who is usually the 
culprit in a lot of bad things happening 
in our Federal Government, and I am 
going to talk about that. 
So here is a little bit of background 
on the mystery. We passed a bipartisan 
infrastructure bill in November. Now, I 
voted for it. Some of my colleagues 
didn’t. I voted for it primarily because 
I come from a resource-rich, infra-
structure-poor State. 
Alaska has resources—oil, gas, min-
erals, renewables—that can help our 
State and can help the country and, 
really, help the world, but we have 
very little infrastructure. 
Think about this. My State is 120 
times bigger than Connecticut, and we 
have less road miles than Connecticut. 
And I know we have less road miles 
than Maryland. 
So, we need infrastructure. So Sen-
ator MURKOWSKI, Congressman YOUNG, 
and I participated, certainly in our own 
ways, on getting this infrastructure 
bill written and then over the goal line 
in terms of votes. 
Overall, I thought it was a positive 
bill. It wasn’t perfect, but especially 
with the focus on roads, bridges, ports, 
harbors, and broadband—and there is 
actually a provision in there for Fed-
eral loan guarantees on a huge Alaska 
gas project—an LNG project. So in my 
view, this bill was a win-win-win for 
jobs, infrastructure, and energy infra-
structure to help bring down energy 
prices, and, of course, on the environ-
ment. 
I like to show this chart a lot. It has 
gotten a lot of attention. Some of our 
national media folks have seen it, and 
they say: Gee, that can’t be true. Let’s 
PolitiFact or fact-check Senator SUL-
LIVAN’s emissions chart. So they have, 
and they have come back and said: 
Hey, gosh, he is actually right. 
It shows annual emissions from the 
major economies in the world since 
2005 to present. Who is the leader in re-
ducing emissions? Who is the leader? 
We are. America is—actually, by far; 
not even close—with almost a 15-per-
cent emission reduction since 2005. 
Who is the main culprit of spewing 
emissions out into the global atmos-
phere? Well, you guessed it—our good 
friends, 
the 
Chinese 
communists— 
China, India, Iran, and Russia. 
So we are the leader on this. I had 
the opportunity during a confirmation 
hearing recently for one of the Biden 
administration’s 
EPA 
nominees 
in 
charge of air quality. I showed him this 
chart. He didn’t seem to know a lot 
about the chart, but he seemed like a 
good guy. I asked: Hey, why do you 
think this happened? He kind of trot-
ted out initially the EPA regs. Wrong 
answer. This is because of the revolu-
tion in the production of American gas. 
That is a fact, OK? You can check it all 
you want. 
So you would think that infrastruc-
ture, part of the infrastructure bill 
that can help us actually produce more 
energy with more energy infrastruc-
ture, that everybody would be for it— 
helps the environment, global emis-
sions, certainly helps workers, and 
helps build out infrastructure, which 
we sorely need. 
As I mentioned, Mr. President, big 
supporters of the infrastructure bill 
were all the trade unions in Alaska and 
America because they know they are 
going to get the jobs from the build-out 
of this infrastructure bill. 
Now, one of the things the bill had 
that I thought was actually really im-
portant—it was something I worked on 
in the Environment and Public Works 
Committee—were provisions to stream-
line our Federal permitting system to 
be able to get infrastructure projects 
deployed and built. That was a big ele-
ment of this bill—not as much as I 
wanted, but certainly a good start. 
This has been an issue I have been 
working on since my time here in the 
Senate. It is a bipartisan issue, as the 
Presiding Officer knows. When you 
talk to mayors and Governors in Amer-
ica anywhere—it doesn’t matter what 
party they are—they want the ability 
to have the Federal Government per-
mit infrastructure projects so we can 
move them out. That is not controver-
sial. 
And here is the thing. As a country, 
we used to be really good at building 
stuff—building stuff on time, building 
stuff that is impressive. Just to give 
you a few examples—I think a lot of 
people know this—but our country 
used to be the envy of the world build-
ing great projects responsibly, effi-
ciently, and on time. The Pentagon 
was built in 16 months. The Empire 
State Building was built in 1 year 45 
days. With the 1,500-mile Alaska-Cana-
dian 
Highway—what 
we 
call 
the 
ALCAN Highway, connecting the lower 
48 all the way through Canada up into 
Alaska, 1,500 miles—it took 8 months 
to do that. So we know how to do this 
as a country. 
Let’s fast-forward to today. A new 
U.S. highway construction project, to 
build a highway, usually takes 9 to 19 
years. That is according to the GAO. 
Let me just give you a couple of exam-
ples of those. 
The Gross Reservoir in Colorado, 
which is going to offer clean water to 
the people of Colorado, has taken two 
decades of planning and permitting. To 
expand the Gross Reservoir northwest 
of Denver has taken two decades—20 
years—to get this important project in 
Colorado permitted. 
The California bullet train project 
was approved in the late 1990s. It is 
still not built. Its costs, because of per-
mitting delays, have gone from $33 bil-
lion to $105 billion. 
The Mountain Valley Pipeline in Vir-
ginia and West Virginia began in 2015 
to bring natural gas. There are only 20 
miles left to complete. It might not 
ever be completed because of permit-
ting delays. The Federal courts are de-
laying, delaying, and delaying energy 
projects. 
The Kensington mine in Alaska, 
which now employs over 400 people—it 
is a gold mine with an average wage, 
by the way, of over $100,000, the aver-
age wage—took 20 years to permit if 
you include the litigation. The list 
goes on and on and on. 
When NEPA was originally passed, 
the EIS, the environmental impact 
statement, was to take less than a 
year. It usually took less than a year 
and was usually a couple hundred 
pages. Now the average EIS takes 4 to 
6 years to complete on any project in 
America, and it usually costs several 
millions of dollars. We are killing our-
selves as a country in our ability to 
build or to not build infrastructure 
projects. 
What did we do in the infrastructure 
bill? It was bipartisan. We worked to-
gether and put together some pretty 
good 
permitting 
reform 
provisions. 
They are not nearly as good as I would 
have wanted them, but they were pret-
ty good, pretty good, to get the infra-
structure that is in this bill—roads; 
bridges; ports; yes, energy projects of 
pipelines for oil and gas, which we 
need—built quickly or at least in a rea-
sonable amount of time, not in 20 
years. 
So here is the mystery. That all hap-
pened. The President said he liked it. 
The unions really liked it. The building 
trades—the men and women who build 
stuff in this country—liked it. I have 
worked with Terry O’Sullivan, the 
great leader of the Laborers, on per-
mitting reform—this very issue. We 
have got some good things in there. So 
what is the mystery? 
Here is the mystery: After all of this 
work and the President touting the in-
frastructure bill and our getting ready 
to build and having good impacts in 
terms of natural gas, not just on envi-
ronment and emissions but in con-
tinuing to make us the global leader, 
the White House set out new rules in 
April, under NEPA, for infrastructure 
projects. 
What did they do? They made the 
NEPA rules much harder to actually 
build infrastructure, not just for oil 
and gas, but it targeted oil and gas. 
This is for all infrastructure—roads, 
bridges, ports, renewable projects, LNG 
projects, natural gas projects. 
The White House put out new NEPA 
rules rescinding the Trump administra-
tion’s rules, which were quite good and 
similar to some of the reforms we got 
in the infrastructure bill, and every-
body knows that these White House 
rules are going to delay infrastructure 
projects. Why in the heck would we do 
that as a country? We just passed a big 
infrastructure bill with permitting re-
form in it, and somebody over at the 
White House said: No, let’s make it 
harder. 
Here is an editorial from the Wall 
Street Journal that talks about the in-
frastructure NEPA regs. It is called: 
‘‘How to Kill American Infrastructure 
on the Sly. The White House revises 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:31 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00011
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G09JN6.024
S09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 46-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S2886 
June 9, 2022 
NEPA rules that will scuttle [the abil-
ity to build] new roads, bridges and oil 
and gas pipelines.’’ 
(Ms. CORTEZ MASTO assumed the 
Chair.) 
Madam President, I ask unanimous 
consent to have printed in the RECORD 
this editorial. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the 
RECORD, as follows: 
[From The Wall Street Journal, April 20, 
2022] 
HOW TO KILL AMERICAN INFRASTRUCTURE ON 
THE SLY 
(By The Wall Street Journal Editorial 
Board) 
Americans are going to need a split-screen 
for the Biden Administration’s policy con-
tradictions. Even as the President on Tues-
day promoted the bipartisan infrastructure 
bill he signed last November, the White 
House moved to make it harder to build 
roads, bridges and, of course, oil and natural- 
gas pipelines. 
The White House Council on Environ-
mental Quality is revising rules under the 
National Environmental Policy Act for per-
mitting major construction projects. CEQ 
Chair Brenda Mallory says the changes will 
‘‘provide regulatory certainty’’ and ‘‘reduce 
conflict.’’ Instead, they will cause more liti-
gation and delays that raise construction 
costs, if they don’t kill projects outright. 
NEPA requires federal agencies to review 
the environmental impact of major projects 
that are funded by the feds or require a fed-
eral permit. Reviews can take years and run 
thousands of pages, covering the smallest po-
tential impact on species, air or water qual-
ity. Project developers can be forced to miti-
gate these effects by, say, relocating species. 
While the 1970 law was intended to prevent 
environmental disasters, it has become a 
weapon to block development. The Trump 
Administration sought to fast-track projects 
by limiting NEPA reviews to environmental 
effects that are directly foreseeable—e.g., 
how a pipeline’s construction would affect a 
stream it crosses. 
Some liberal judges, however, have inter-
preted NEPA broadly to require the study of 
effects that indirectly result from a project 
such as CO2 emissions. Now the Biden Ad-
ministration is mandating this. CEQ’s new 
rule will require agencies to calculate the 
‘‘indirect’’ and ‘‘cumulative impacts’’ that 
‘‘can result from individually minor but col-
lectively significant actions taking place 
over a period of time.’’ This means death by 
a 
thousand 
regulatory 
cuts 
for 
many 
projects. 
The Transportation Department will likely 
have to examine how a highway expansion 
could increase greenhouse-gas emissions in 
concert with new warehouses. The Federal 
Energy Regulatory Commission might have 
to calculate how a new pipeline would affect 
emissions from upstream production and 
downstream consumption. 
Wait—didn’t FERC recently walk back its 
policy to do exactly this? The White House is 
thumbing its nose at West Virginia Sen. Joe 
Manchin, who blasted FERC’s now-suspended 
policy for shutting ‘‘down the infrastructure 
we desperately need as a country.’’ 
The rule’s obvious intent is to make it 
harder to build pipelines, roads and other in-
frastructure that would enable more U.S. oil 
and gas production, even as the Administra-
tion makes phony gestures to reduce energy 
prices. Last Friday the Administration an-
nounced it would comply with a court order 
to hold oil and gas lease sales on public land. 
Those leases won’t matter if energy compa-
nies can’t get federal permits for rights-of- 
way. 
While fossil fuels may be the rule’s polit-
ical target, don’t be surprised if green energy 
is snagged in this trip-wire. Environmental 
groups have used NEPA to block new min-
eral mines and transmission lines that con-
nect distant renewable energy sources to 
population centers. In this Administration, 
the left hand doesn’t seem to know what the 
far left hand is doing. 
Mr. SULLIVAN. So the new rules 
come out. They are clearly meant to 
kill infrastructure, especially oil and 
gas but kind of everything. The Presi-
dent is touting this infrastructure bill 
as one of his big achievements. It was 
bipartisan. A number of us, myself in-
cluded, voted for it, but there is some-
body out there who is trying to make 
sure the infrastructure doesn’t get 
built. Hmm. That is the mystery. That 
is the mystery. Who would do that? 
Well, heck. I am trying to find the an-
swer because I really care about this 
issue—permitting reform—in order to 
get infrastructure projects built. My 
State has been ground zero about 
projects being delayed. So who is it? 
So I am starting to ask around the 
White House. Secretary Granholm was 
testifying in front of the Armed Serv-
ices Committee 2 weeks ago. 
I raised this issue with her: Madam 
Secretary, who the heck is doing it? 
Are you? 
Senator, I didn’t know anything 
about this CQ rule. 
It is a little surprising. I mean, there 
was a lot about energy, but that is 
what she said in the hearing. Go take a 
look at it. I believe her. I don’t think 
she was pushing to delay infrastruc-
ture. 
Would it be the Secretary of Labor, 
Marty Walsh? He is a former laborer, a 
LIUNA guy, right? I supported Marty 
Walsh strongly because I talked to him 
before his confirmation about—Hey, 
look. There is a group in the White 
House who hates energy even though it 
has great jobs, and there are some in 
the White House who think that they 
want to help the building trades build 
stuff. If you are with that group, Marty 
Walsh, I will support you as Secretary 
of Labor. He said he was. So I don’t 
think it is he. 
As a matter of fact, when these regs 
came out, the Laborers’ International 
put out a statement, saying: 
Once again, communities in need of vital 
infrastructure and the hard-working men 
and women who build America will be wait-
ing as project details are subjected to oner-
ous reviews [by these new rules]. 
This is the Laborers’ International. 
The men and women who build stuff 
are not happy about this new NEPA 
rule. 
Americans will continue to bear the ex-
pense of NEPA-related delays, which cost 
taxpayers 
millions 
of 
dollars 
annually. 
Lengthy review processes and unpredictable 
legal challenges [will result from these new 
NEPA regs. They will have] a chilling impact 
on private investment in infrastructure. 
Of course, when we need energy, 
these new NEPA rules will make it 
harder for Americans to get energy, 
and the price of energy is going to con-
tinue to go like this: on the backs of 
working families. 
So was it the Secretary of Labor 
pushing this? I doubt it. I doubt it. 
Who was it? 
Well, as I have said on the floor of 
the U.S. Senate many times before, if 
there is something bad happening to 
the national interests of our country 
either domestically or internationally, 
it is probably not farfetched to assume 
John Kerry is near it. There is nobody 
in the Biden administration who so 
regularly tries to undermine America’s 
national interests than John Kerry’s 
kowtowing to the Chinese Communist 
Party or kissing up to Iranian terror-
ists. When Putin began his barbaric in-
vasion of Ukraine, John Kerry publicly 
voiced his first concerns not about peo-
ple dying and not about a democracy 
being overrun by a dictator; it was how 
Vladimir Putin might take his eye off 
his climate change goals. 
This is embarrassing as Americans. 
He is a senior official. Now, he has no 
power in terms of being confirmed by 
the Senate. Yes, he is a former Sec-
retary of State and a former Senator, 
but on these issues, he is so out of 
touch with the average American. 
So who was pushing these new NEPA 
rules to delay energy projects for 
America? It is the big mystery. Heck, I 
don’t even think it was the President. 
He seems proud of this infrastructure 
bill. He has told all of the unions he 
wants them to get to work and build, 
but now we have a new rule that is 
going to delay the building of infra-
structure. 
The mystery is solved. The mystery 
is solved. 
This is a headline from a TIME mag-
azine news story that just came out 
yesterday of John Kerry saying: 
‘‘We Have to Push Back Hard’’ on Efforts 
to Build New [Energy] Infrastructure in Re-
sponse to Rising Gas Prices. 
We have to push back hard. You can’t 
make this stuff up. This is the guy. 
This is the guy. So we have a new 
bunch of Federal rules right now, driv-
en by this guy—and probably Gina 
McCarthy—who want to drive up en-
ergy prices and make it harder for in-
frastructure to be built, which is ex-
actly what this will do. Nobody is even 
arguing against that. It will drive up 
energy prices on the backs of working- 
class Americans, and now he is out 
publicly saying that we have got to do 
it—stop infrastructure. 
We have this new revisionism sug-
gesting we have to be producing more 
energy. Well, yes, we do. It is amazing. 
You never know whose side this guy is 
on, but he is not on America’s side, I 
will tell you that. 
So this is a new regulation, a NEPA 
reg. We have the authority here in Con-
gress to use what is called a Congres-
sional Review Act, a CRA. We have the 
power, when a new reg comes out, to 
say: No, we don’t like that in the Sen-
ate. We are going to have a vote, a Con-
gressional Review Act vote, on whether 
to rescind an amendment that is clear-
ly driven by this guy—a regulation by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:16 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00012
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G09JN6.035
S09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 47-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S2887 
June 9, 2022 
this 
guy—that 
will 
delay 
energy 
projects; that will delay renewable 
projects; that will make sure Ameri-
cans continue to pay record high en-
ergy prices. 
So we are going to have a vote on 
that. I plan on bringing that resolution 
to the floor soon. It is a privileged res-
olution, so we will get a vote whether 
Majority Leader SCHUMER
wants to 
vote on it or not. 
I am assuming the President will like 
my CRA because he can’t want delays 
to his infrastructure bill. He can’t 
want delays to getting energy relief for 
American families. This guy does, 
right? So we are going to have a little 
test, and we will have another mystery 
solved here on the Senate floor. 
Two weeks ago, in the Commerce 
Committee, I had a little debate with a 
couple of my colleagues, friends of 
mine, but I made a statement, which I 
think is very true. It is certainly true 
in my State, and it is this: At the na-
tional 
level, 
my 
Democratic 
col-
leagues, when they have a choice be-
tween supporting guys like this and his 
radical environmental allies and the 
working men and women of America 
who want to build stuff, they always 
choose him and his allies. 
My colleagues—some of them—really 
got upset: How can you say that, DAN? 
That is not true. 
Well, it is true in Alaska. I see it 
every day. 
So my CRA is going to just ask a 
simple question: Whom are you for? 
Whom do you stand with? Do you stand 
with the American working families, 
the laborers, the people who build the 
infrastructure that we need, the fami-
lies who are suffering from high energy 
costs or this guy and his radical envi-
ronmental ally and special interests 
who have a lot of power in this White 
House and who are clearly behind this 
reg that I am trying to rescind to make 
it harder to build infrastructure, espe-
cially American energy infrastructure? 
For my colleagues who say no, we are 
with the working men and women of 
America—we will see. We will see. I 
hope you vote with me to rescind this 
reg that is only harming our country, 
only harming working families, only 
harming working Americans, and pro-
motes the radical, out-of-touch agenda 
of John Kerry, Gina McCarthy, and the 
far-left, woke environmental interests 
that they answer to. It is going to be 
an interesting vote, and the American 
people are going to be watching. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
H.R. 3967 
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, 
this week, the Senate has worked to-
wards passing the largest expansion of 
healthcare benefits for our veterans in 
a very long time. Millions of veterans 
today face the flabbergasting indig-
nity. They served our country val-
iantly, were exposed to toxic chemicals 
in the line of duty but cannot get the 
healthcare benefits they need because 
of outdated rules at the VA. 
This needs to change, and the PACT 
Act would provide the fix. Many on 
both sides want to get this bill done as 
soon as we can. We cannot have dila-
tory or destructive amendments to the 
PACT Act because it is too important 
for our veterans’ well-being. 
To that end, Democrats have spent 
the day working with Republicans on a 
list of amendments, and these negotia-
tions are ongoing. But while we work 
on an agreement and to keep the proc-
ess moving, I will be filing cloture so 
we can take the next step towards 
passing the PACT Act next week. We 
hope to get an agreement—and we are 
making good progress there—so we 
hope to get an agreement before that, 
but the legislative process must move 
forward. 
So for the sake of our veterans who 
have made the ultimate sacrifice serv-
ing our Nation and defending our free-
dom, there is no reason we can’t pass 
the PACT Act ASAP. Our discussions 
continue with our Republican col-
leagues in an effort to get that done, 
and I am hopeful that we will succeed. 
AMENDMENT NO. 5076 
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I 
have an amendment to the underlying 
bill at the desk. 
The 
PRESIDING 
OFFICER. 
The 
clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from New York [Mr. SCHUMER] 
proposes an amendment numbered 5076 to 
the language proposed to be stricken by 
amendment numbered 5051. 
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I 
ask to dispense with further reading of 
the amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To add an effective date) 
At the end add the following: 
SEC. ll. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
This Act shall take effect on the date that 
is 3 days after the date of enactment of this 
Act. 
CLOTURE MOTION 
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I 
send a cloture motion to the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-
ture motion having been presented 
under rule XXII, the Chair directs the 
clerk to read the motion. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION 
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the 
Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby 
move to bring to a close debate on Tester 
substitute amendment No. 5051 to Calendar 
No. 388, H.R. 3967, a bill to improve health 
care and benefits for veterans exposed to 
toxic substances, and for other purposes. 
Charles E. Schumer, Jon Tester, Tammy 
Duckworth, Robert P. Casey, Jr., Mar-
garet Wood Hassan, Kyrsten Sinema, 
Mark 
Kelly, 
Christopher 
Murphy, 
Sherrod Brown, Tina Smith, Jacky 
Rosen, Benjamin L. Cardin, Jack Reed, 
Tammy 
Baldwin, 
Jeanne 
Shaheen, 
Mazie K. Hirono, Ben Ray Luja´n. 
CLOTURE MOTION 
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I 
send a cloture motion to the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-
ture motion having been presented 
under rule XXII, the Chair directs the 
clerk to read the motion. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION 
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the 
Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby 
move to bring to a close debate on Calendar 
No. 388, H.R. 3967, a bill to improve health 
care and benefits for veterans exposed to 
toxic substances, and for other purposes. 
Charles E. Schumer, Jon Tester, Tammy 
Duckworth, Robert P. Casey, Jr., Mar-
garet Wood Hassan, Kyrsten Sinema, 
Mark 
Kelly, 
Christopher 
Murphy, 
Sherrod Brown, Tina Smith, Jacky 
Rosen, Benjamin L. Cardin, Jack Reed, 
Tammy 
Baldwin, 
Jeanne 
Shaheen, 
Mazie K. Hirono, Ben Ray Luja´n. 
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the man-
datory quorum calls for the cloture 
motions filed today, Thursday, June 9, 
be waived. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREEMENT—H.R. 3967 
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the filing 
deadline for first-degree amendments 
to substitute amendment No. 5051 and 
the underlying bill, H.R. 3967, be at 4 
p.m., Monday, June 13. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-
ate proceed to executive session to con-
sider the following nominations en 
bloc: Calendar Nos. 849, 850, 851, 853, 854; 
that the Senate vote on the nomina-
tions en bloc with no intervening ac-
tion or debate; that the motions to re-
consider be considered made and laid 
upon the table; that any statements re-
lated to the nominations be printed in 
the RECORD; that the President be im-
mediately notified of the Senate’s ac-
tion; and that the Senate resume legis-
lative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The question is, Will the Senate ad-
vise and consent to the nomination of 
Dana Katherine Bilyeu, of Nevada, to 
be a Member of the Federal Retirement 
Thrift Investment Board for a term ex-
piring October 11, 2023 (Reappoint-
ment); Leona M. Bridges, of California, 
to be a Member of the Federal Retire-
ment Thrift Investment Board for a 
term expiring October 11, 2023; Stacie 
Olivares, of California, to be a Member 
of the Federal Retirement Thrift In-
vestment Board for a term expiring 
September 25, 2024; Michael F. Gerber, 
of Pennsylvania, to be a Member of the 
Federal Retirement Thrift Investment 
Board for a term expiring September 
25, 2022; and Michael F. Gerber, of 
Pennsylvania, to be a Member of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:31 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00013
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G09JN6.037
S09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE
---

 -Page 48-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S2888 
June 9, 2022 
Federal Retirement Thrift Investment 
Board for a term expiring September 
25, 2026 (Reappointment) en bloc? 
The nominations were confirmed en 
bloc. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
ARMS SALES NOTIFICATION 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Madam President, 
section 36(b) of the Arms Export Con-
trol Act requires that Congress receive 
prior notification of certain proposed 
arms sales as defined by that statute. 
Upon such notification, the Congress 
has 30 calendar days during which the 
sale may be reviewed. The provision 
stipulates that, in the Senate, the noti-
fication of proposed sales shall be sent 
to the chairman of the Senate Foreign 
Relations Committee. 
In keeping with the committee’s in-
tention to see that relevant informa-
tion is available to the full Senate, I 
ask unanimous consent to have printed 
in the RECORD the notifications which 
have been received. If the cover letter 
references a classified annex, then such 
annex is available to all Senators in 
the office of the Foreign Relations 
Committee, room SD–423. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the 
RECORD, as follows: 
DEFENSE SECURITY 
COOPERATION AGENCY, 
Arlington, VA. 
Hon. ROBERT MENENDEZ, 
Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, 
U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. 
DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN: Pursuant to the re-
porting requirements of Section 36(b)(5)(C) of 
the Arms Export Control Act (AECA), as 
amended, we are forwarding Transmittal No. 
22–0G. This notification relates to enhance-
ments or upgrades from the level of sensi-
tivity of technology or capability described 
in the Section 36(b)(1) AECA certification 18– 
19 of June 26, 2018. 
Sincerely, 
JAMES A. HURSCH, 
Director. 
Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO. 22–0G 
Report of Enhancement or Upgrade of Sensi-
tivity of Technology or Capability (Sec. 
36(b)(5)(C), AECA) 
(i) Purchaser: Government of Spain. 
(ii) Sec. 36(b)(1), AECA Transmittal No.: 
18–19; Date: June 26, 2018; Implementing 
Agency: Navy. 
(iii) Description: On June 26, 2018, Congress 
was notified by Congressional certification 
transmittal number 18–19, of the possible 
sale, under Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Ex-
port Control Act, of five (5) AEGIS Weapons 
Systems (AWS) MK7, six (6) shipsets Digital 
Signal Processing, five (5) shipsets AWS 
Computing Infrastructure MARK 1 MOD 0, 
five (5) shipsets Operational Readiness Test 
Systems (ORTS), five (5) shipsets MK 99 MOD 
14 Fire Control System, five (5) shipsets MK 
41 Baseline VII Vertical Launching Systems 
(VLS), two (2) All-Up-Round MK 54 Mod 0 
lightweight torpedoes, twenty (20) SM–2 
Block IIIB missiles and MK 13 canisters with 
AN/DKT–71 warhead compatible telemeter. 
Also included was one (1) S4 AWS computer 
program, five (5) shipsets Ultra High Fre-
quency 
(UHF) 
Satellite 
Communications 
(SATCOM), five (5) shipsets AN/SRQ–4 radio 
terminal sets, five (5) shipsets ordnance han-
dling equipment, five (5) shipsets Selective 
Availability 
Anti-Spoofing 
Modules 
(SAASM), five (5) shipsets aviation handling 
and support equipment, five (5) shipsets AN/ 
SLQ–24E Torpedo countermeasures systems, 
five 
(5) 
shipsets 
LM04 
Thru-Hull 
XBT 
Launcher and test canisters, one (1) shipset 
MK 36 MOD 6 Decoy Launching System, five 
(5) shipsets Link Level COMSEC (LLC) 7M 
for LINK 22, five (5) shipsets Maintenance 
Assist Module (MAM) cabinets, five (5) 
shipsets technical documentation, five (5) 
shipsets installation support material, spe-
cial purpose test equipment, system engi-
neering, technical services, on-site vendor 
assistance, spare parts, systems training, 
foreign liaison office and staging services 
necessary to support ship construction and 
delivery, spare and repair parts, tools and 
test equipment, support equipment, repair 
and return support, personnel training and 
training equipment, publications and tech-
nical documentation, U.S. Government and 
contractor engineering and logistics support 
services, and other related elements of logis-
tic and program support. The estimated 
total cost was $860.4 million. Major Defense 
Equipment (MDE) constituted $324.4 million 
of this total. 
On June 15, 2020, Congress was notified by 
Congressional certification transmittal num-
ber 20–0G of an additional thirty (30) All-Up- 
Round MK 54 Lightweight Torpedoes (MDE). 
The following non-MDE items were also be 
included: MK 54 LWT expendables; MK 54 
turnaround kits; MK 54 containers; one (1) 
MK–695 Torpedo Systems Test Set (TSTS); 
Support equipment including fire control 
modification platforms and spare parts; tor-
pedo spare parts; training; publications; soft-
ware; U.S. Government and contractor engi-
neering, technical, and logistics support 
services and other related elements of logis-
tics and program support. The addition of 
these items resulted in a net increase in 
MDE cost of $45 million, resulting in a re-
vised MDE cost of $369.4 million. The total 
estimated case value increased to $940.4 mil-
lion. 
This transmittal reports the replacement 
of the previously notified MDE two (2) All Up 
Round MK 54 Mod 0 Lightweight Torpedoes 
(LWT) with two (2) Exercise MK 54 Mod 0 
LWTs. Also included is additional Engineer-
ing Technical Assistance for redesign of 
Radar Signal Processing Group configura-
tion and updates to IAFCL design; shipsets 
of SAASM units and associated spares; 
COMSEC equipment for use between test 
sites; and removal of one (1) shipset MK 36 
Mod 6 Decoy Launching System. The MDE 
total value will remain $369.4 million; how-
ever, the non-MDE estimated value will in-
crease from $571 million to $810.6 million. 
The total estimated case value will increase 
to $1.18 billion. 
(iv) Significance: The proposed articles and 
services will support Spain’s capability to 
commission their new F–110 frigates with the 
AEGIS Weapon System (AWS). 
(v) Justification: This proposed sale will 
support the foreign policy and national secu-
rity of the United States by improving the 
security of a NATO ally which is an impor-
tant force for political stability and eco-
nomic progress in Europe. It is vital to the 
U.S. national interest to assist Spain in de-
veloping and maintaining a strong and ready 
self-defense capability. 
(vi) Sensitivity of Technology: The Sensi-
tivity of Technology Statement contained in 
the original notification applies to items re-
ported here. 
The highest level of classification of de-
fense articles, components, and services in-
cluded in this potential sale is SECRET. 
(vii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: 
June 8, 2022. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE HERITAGE OF 
ROMANI AMERICANS 
Mr. CARDIN. Madam President, I 
rise today to speak about S. Res. 124 
that Senator WICKER and I introduced 
last year celebrating the heritage of 
Romani Americans. I applaud the pas-
sage of this resolution which was voted 
on favorably in the Senate Foreign Re-
lations Committee today and will now 
be moved to the Senate floor for con-
sideration. 
This resolution is significant as it ex-
presses remembrance for the genocide 
of the Roma by the Nazis, commends 
the work of the U.S. Holocaust Memo-
rial Museum in promoting this remem-
brance and awareness, and further ex-
presses support for the annual Inter-
national Roma Day to honor the his-
tory, culture, and heritage of the 
Romani people in the United States. 
Roma have been part of every single 
wave of European migration to the 
United States from the Colonial period 
to today, and there are now an esti-
mated 1 million Americans who have 
some Romani ancestry. S. Res. 124 is 
the first resolution considered in Con-
gress to acknowledge Romani Ameri-
cans and to celebrate their heritage 
and history. Its passage will be a mile-
stone for this community. 
When Senator WICKER and I intro-
duced S. Res. 124, we observed that 
Romani people enrich the fabric of our 
Nation 
and 
strengthen 
the 
trans-
atlantic bond. The resolution mentions 
two dates of particular importance on 
both sides of the Atlantic. First, April 
8 was the date of the first World 
Romani Congress, held near London. 
That date is therefore celebrated as the 
moment when transatlantic efforts to 
improve the situation of the Roma en-
tered a new, more visible and more pro-
ductive stage. 
But more than that, it has become 
time for policymakers to focus on con-
tinued efforts to improve the situation 
of Roma. Ugly discrimination against 
the Roma persists and needs to be ad-
dressed. The European Parliament, for 
example, dedicates a week in April to 
review and advance Romani inclusion 
initiatives. Governments across Europe 
and the OSCE also use this as a time to 
focus on policy and the future. This 
resolution welcomes and encourages 
the Department of State’s participa-
tion in such events and activities. 
The second date specifically men-
tioned in the resolution is the night of 
August 2–3, 1944, when the Romani 
camp at Auschwitz was liquidated and 
more than 4,200 Romani men, women, 
and children were killed in a single 
night. 
This day has been formally recog-
nized as a day of commemoration by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:16 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00014
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G09JN6.033
S09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE
---

 -Page 49-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S2889 
June 9, 2022 
the European Union, Poland, and other 
countries. Based on my work over 
many years in the Helsinki Commis-
sion, I know that the current situation 
of Roma in Europe today simply can-
not be understood without learning 
about the genocide of Roma during 
World War II and the enduring legacy 
of that tragedy. 
I believe more should be done to 
teach about Romani experiences during 
the Holocaust, and we welcome the 
U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum’s 
support for scholarship in this area. 
This resolution commends the Museum 
for its work in promoting remembrance 
of the Holocaust and educating suc-
cessor generations about the genocide 
of Roma. 
The museum welcomed the introduc-
tion of this resolution last year, ob-
serving, ‘‘House and Senate passage 
will help raise awareness about the his-
tory of the Romani people, the richness 
of Romani culture, and to unequivo-
cally reject the dehumanization of 
Roma 
and 
any 
violence 
directed 
against their communities.’’ I look for-
ward to the opportunity for this resolu-
tion to be adopted by the Senate. I ask 
unanimous consent that the text of S. 
Res. 124 be printed in the RECORD. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the 
RECORD, as follows: 
S. RES. 124 
Whereas the Romani people trace their an-
cestry to the Indian subcontinent; 
Whereas Roma have been a part of Euro-
pean immigration to the United States since 
the colonial period and particularly fol-
lowing the abolition of the enslavement of 
Roma in the historic Romanian principal-
ities; 
Whereas Roma live across the world and 
throughout the United States; 
Whereas the Romani people have made dis-
tinct and important contributions in many 
fields, including agriculture, art, crafts, lit-
erature, medicine, military service, music, 
sports, and science; 
Whereas, on April 8, 1971, the First World 
Romani Congress met in London, bringing 
Roma together from across Europe and the 
United States with the goal of promoting 
transnational cooperation among Roma in 
combating social marginalization and build-
ing a positive future for Roma everywhere; 
Whereas April 8 is therefore celebrated 
globally as International Roma Day; 
Whereas Roma were victims of genocide 
carried out by Nazi Germany and its Axis 
partners, and an estimated 200,000 to 500,000 
Romani people were killed by Nazis and their 
allies across Europe during World War II; 
Whereas, on the night of August 2–3, 1944, 
the so-called ‘‘Gypsy Family Camp’’ where 
Romani people were interned at Auschwitz- 
Birkenau was liquidated, and in a single 
night, between 4,200 and 4,300 Romani men, 
women, and children were killed in gas 
chambers; 
Whereas many countries are taking posi-
tive steps to remember and teach about the 
genocide of Roma by Nazi Germany and its 
Axis partners; and 
Whereas the United States Congress held 
its first hearing to examine the situation of 
Roma in 1994: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) remembers the genocide of Roma by 
Nazi Germany and its Axis partners and 
commemorates 
the 
destruction 
of 
the 
‘‘Gypsy Family Camp’’ where Romani people 
were interned at Auschwitz; 
(2) commends the United States Holocaust 
Memorial Museum for its role in promoting 
remembrance of the Holocaust and educating 
about the genocide of Roma; 
(3) supports International Roma Day as an 
opportunity to honor the culture, history, 
and heritage of the Romani people in the 
United States as part of the larger Romani 
global diaspora; and 
(4) welcomes the Department of State’s 
participation in ceremonies and events cele-
brating International Roma Day and similar 
engagement by the United States Govern-
ment. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO PATRICK JOHNSON, 
JR. 
∑ Mrs. HYDE-SMITH. Madam Presi-
dent, I am pleased to commend Mr. 
Patrick Johnson, Jr., of Tunica, MS, 
for his service and contributions to the 
State of Mississippi while serving as 
the 86th president of Delta Council. 
Organized in 1935, Delta Council 
plays an important role in uniting ag-
ricultural, business, and economic de-
velopment leadership to solve problems 
and promote greater opportunities in 
the Mississippi Delta region, which en-
compasses 19 counties in northwest 
Mississippi. 
Mr. Johnson has worked tirelessly 
this year to advance the priorities of 
Delta Council, including farm policy, 
economic development, flood control, 
and education. As a partner in Cypress 
Brake Planting Company, Tunica Air, 
Inc., and Buck Island Seed Company, 
he knows all too well the challenges 
producers currently face with increased 
costs and volatility in the agricultural 
industry. As a member of the Mis-
sissippi Commission on Environmental 
Quality, he is dedicated to helping find 
solutions to the Delta’s groundwater 
and alluvial aquifer issues so that fu-
ture 
generations 
can 
continue 
to 
produce crops and enjoy the recreation 
that is such a large part of the rich his-
tory of the Mississippi Delta. Mr. John-
son also understands the importance of 
economic development to the viability 
of the Delta and that, through efforts 
like Delta Strong, the region will con-
tinue to successfully attract new op-
portunities. 
Mr. Johnson assumed the role of 
Delta Council president during a time 
characterized by difficulties, such as 
the ongoing and disruptive pandemic, 
rising inflation, and many other chal-
lenges. Patrick Johnson has been a 
steady and calm leader over the past 
year and has contributed his vast 
knowledge and service to many critical 
issues during his tenure as president. 
Outside of his time spent working on 
his farm and serving Delta Council, Mr. 
Johnson contributes his time as a lead-
er to many valuable organizations. He 
serves as a Mississippi Department of 
Environmental Quality commissioner, 
National 
Cotton 
Council 
Environ-
mental Task Force member, American 
Cotton 
Producers 
Farm 
Bill 
Task 
Force chairman, and Tunica County 
Chamber of Commerce member. In ad-
dition to serving as a member of Delta 
F.A.R.M., Mr. Johnson has also served 
on the Tunica County Farm Service 
Agency Committee and is a past direc-
tor of the Tunica County Farm Bureau. 
Mr. Johnson and his wife, Emily, are 
members 
of 
Tunica 
Presbyterian 
Church where he sings in the choir. 
It is my pleasure to join the citizens 
throughout the Mississippi Delta and 
the great State of Mississippi in offer-
ing congratulations to Mr. Patrick 
Johnson, Jr., and sharing our apprecia-
tion with his wife Emily Purifoy John-
son. His input over his year of service 
has undoubtedly contributed to the 
overall continued success and influence 
of this highly respected 87-year-old or-
ganization, Delta Council.∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE INDEPENDENCE 
ASSOCIATION 
∑ Mr. KING. Madam President, today I 
wish to recognize the outstanding con-
tributions of an organization based in 
my hometown of Brunswick, ME. This 
year marks the 55th anniversary of 
Independence Association, and I could 
not be more grateful to everyone who 
has contributed to the organization’s 
work to enrich our community by serv-
ing children and adults with develop-
mental disabilities. For over half a 
century, Independence Association has 
helped individuals rise to their full po-
tential, growing up and out as fully in-
cluded, fully valued members of their 
communities. Their work, their cre-
ativity, and their contributions make 
all of us better. 
The Independence Association we 
know today has changed over the dec-
ades. Its inception dates back to 1967— 
a time in which institutionalization 
was still prevalent—when five families 
founded the Youth Development Center 
to chart a different course for their 
children. The Youth Development Cen-
ter immediately demonstrated that the 
right people, resources, and support 
made an inclusive and independent life 
a reality for their children, and they 
soon welcomed others with additional 
needs as well. That organization grew 
and, in 1977, became Independence As-
sociation; since then, its staff, volun-
teers, and parents have gone on to em-
power hundreds of people with disabil-
ities to enjoy enriching lives in the 
Maine communities we all love. 
Over the last 55 years, Independence 
Association has continued to be cre-
ative, collaborative, and comprehen-
sive in supporting their clients’ ever- 
evolving needs. Even during a pan-
demic, faced with severe staffing short-
ages, a challenging hiring environ-
ment, and stagnant reimbursement 
rates, Independence Association re-
mains committed to the more than 400 
clients they support and the hundreds 
of people they employ. 
The staff, volunteers, and community 
partners of Independence Association 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:31 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00015
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G09JN6.017
S09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE
---

 -Page 50-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S2890 
June 9, 2022 
have expanded over the years, and they 
now offer a full range of services in 
nine Maine counties and more than 60 
Maine cities and towns. Their services 
range from Spindleworks—a nationally 
recognized artist’s collaboration, which 
created the State of Maine ornament 
for the White House Christmas tree in 
2017—to single-level ‘‘Aging in Place’’ 
lifetime housing. Independence Asso-
ciation also provides transportation for 
clients who have jobs or volunteer 
commitments, skills training for com-
munity life, case management services, 
and boundless opportunities for growth 
and support. 
As a champion of all people, Inde-
pendence Association has grown and 
adapted with the ever-changing needs 
of their clients. Their vision of empow-
ering people with disabilities has never 
waned, and our State is stronger be-
cause of their work. I join with the 
people of Maine in thanking Independ-
ence Association for its passionate car-
ing, 
commitment, 
and 
unwavering 
service to our communities and look 
forward to their continued impact on 
our State.∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE FOXHOLE 
∑ Mr. PAUL. Madam President, as 
ranking member of the Senate Com-
mittee on Small Business and Entre-
preneurship, each week I recognize an 
outstanding Kentucky small business 
that exemplifies the American entre-
preneurial spirit. This week, it is my 
privilege to recognize The Foxhole of 
Smiths Grove, KY, as the Senate Small 
Business of the Week. 
Take a look at any small town Amer-
ican Main Street, and you will likely 
see a common trend: small businesses 
are a bastion of creativity. All around 
the country, entrepreneurs break out 
into new ventures based on an idea 
that is uniquely theirs, and they work 
hard to support the enterprise that is 
their dream. Such is the story of Kellie 
B. Long and her store, The Foxhole. 
Founded in 2017, Kellie set out to open 
a store that offered a wide variety of 
items, from clothes and jewelry, to fur-
nishings and tableware. In the years 
since her opening, the store has grown 
in its product variety, staff capacity, 
and customer reach. Though The Fox-
hole is well-loved by the residents of 
Smiths Grove, customers travel from 
all across Kentucky to peruse items 
that could only be found at this unique 
shop. 
When customers walk in the door, 
they are surrounded by Kellie’s unique 
vision for what defines beauty and cre-
ativity. This entrepreneur does not 
rely on products that are freshly made 
or unused; she curates a wide array of 
distinctive items that cannot be found 
in the typical clothes or home goods 
store. Moreover, Kellie appreciates the 
quality of a product that has been 
loved by a previous owner, and she 
takes pride in her keen eye for identi-
fying items that deserve to be loved 
again. Her store offers products that 
are notably vintage, along with lightly 
used items, as well as the occasional 
new and custom-made products. De-
spite the fact that her store is filled 
with products that are hard to find and 
potentially irreplaceable, Kellie is not 
shy or finicky about welcoming all cli-
entele, even making the store dog 
friendly for those who cannot part with 
their pups. Furthermore, Kellie partici-
pates in ‘‘Second-Saturdays,’’ which is 
a communal outdoor shopping experi-
ence for the residents of Smiths Grove. 
Second-Saturdays 
bring 
out 
food 
trucks, vendors, and entertainment for 
locals to shop, eat, and enjoy with 
their neighbors and friends. 
Her participation in Second-Satur-
days is not the only way Kellie stays 
involved in the community. Outside of 
her regular commercial activities, The 
Foxhole offers the occasional Bible 
study for residents of Smiths Grove to 
gather and share in their religion and 
faith. And though her Bible study is 
not a routine part of The Foxhole’s ac-
tivities, Kellie makes sure to incor-
porate her giving spirit into the run-
ning of her business. Every year as 
Americans 
observe 
Memorial 
Day, 
Kellie opens up her business to a great-
er cause, by donating 10 percent of her 
Memorial Day weekend sales to the 
Wounded Warriors project. Kellie un-
derstands that we all have a veteran in 
our life, and she does her part in giving 
back to the community that gave their 
all. 
In addition to their annual sales do-
nations to charity, Kellie is sensitive 
to whatever needs may arise from her 
Kentucky neighbors. After devastating 
tornados struck western Kentucky in 
late 2021, Kelly donated 21 percent of 
all of The Foxholes’ sales recorded in 
the last 2 weeks of December to the 
Bowling Green Tornado relief fund. 
Kellie ensures that The Foxhole is a 
place where customers can find beau-
tiful and unique items, while pro-
moting community involvement and 
goodwill to all who dawn her store-
front. 
I want to congratulate this upstand-
ing entrepreneur for her dedication to 
her community and for her drive to 
bring creativity and beauty to her cor-
ner of Kentucky. Congratulations to 
Kellie Long and the entire team at The 
Foxhole. I look forward to seeing their 
continued growth and success in Ken-
tucky.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED 
At 12:01 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by 
Mrs. Alli, one of its reading clerks, an-
nounced that the Speaker has signed 
the following enrolled bills: 
S. 3823. An act to amend title 11, United 
States Code, to modify the eligibility re-
quirements for a debtor under chapter 13, 
and for other purposes. 
H.R. 735. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 
502 East Cotati Avenue in Cotati, California, 
as the ‘‘Arturo L. Ibleto Post Office Build-
ing’’. 
H.R. 767. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 
40 Fulton Street in Middletown, New York, 
as the ‘‘Benjamin A. Gilman Post Office 
Building’’. 
H.R. 1170. An act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located 
at 1 League in Irvine, California, as the 
‘‘Tuskegee Airman Lieutenant Colonel Rob-
ert J. Friend Memorial Post Office Build-
ing’’. 
H.R. 1444. An act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located 
at 132 North Loudoun Street, Suite 1 in Win-
chester, Virginia, as the ‘‘Patsy Cline Post 
Office’’. 
H.R. 2324. An act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located 
at 2800 South Adams Street in Tallahassee, 
Florida, as the ‘‘D. Edwina Stephens Post Of-
fice’’. 
H.R. 4591. An act to direct the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to submit to Congress peri-
odic reports on the costs, performance 
metrics, and outcomes of the Department of 
Veterans Affairs Electronic Health Record 
Modernization program. 
The enrolled bills were subsequently 
signed by the President pro tempore 
(Mr. LEAHY). 
At 12:48 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by 
Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-
nounced that the House has passed the 
following bills, in which it requests the 
concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 2377. An act to authorize the issuance 
of extreme risk protection orders. 
H.R. 5879. An act to amend the Small Busi-
ness Act to clarify the application of the 
price evaluation preference for qualified 
HUBZone small business concerns to certain 
contracts, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 7334. An act to extend the statute of 
limitations for fraud by borrowers under cer-
tain COVID–19 economic injury disaster loan 
programs of the Small Business Administra-
tion, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 7352. An act to amend the Small Busi-
ness Act to extend the statute of limitation 
for fraud by borrowers under the Paycheck 
Protection Program, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 7622. An act to amend the Small Busi-
ness Act to include requirements relating to 
apprenticeship program assistance for small 
business development centers, and for other 
purposes. 
H.R. 7664. An act to amend the Small Busi-
ness Act to include requirements relating to 
graduates of career and technical education 
programs or programs of study for small 
business development centers and women’s 
business centers, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 7667. An act to amend the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to revise and 
extend the user-fee programs for prescription 
drugs, medical devices, generic drugs, and 
biosimilar biological products, and for other 
purposes. 
H.R. 7670. An act to amend the Small Busi-
ness Act to require a report on small busi-
ness concerns owned and controlled by 
women, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 7694. An act to amend the Small Busi-
ness Act to modify the requirements relating 
to the evaluation of the subcontracting plans 
of certain offerers, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 7776. An act to provide for improve-
ments to the rivers and harbors of the United 
States, to provide for the conservation and 
development of water and related resources, 
and for other purposes. 
H.R. 7910. An act to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to provide for an increased age 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:31 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00016
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G09JN6.019
S09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE
--

 -Page 51-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S2891 
June 9, 2022 
limit on the purchase of certain firearms, 
prevent gun trafficking, modernize the pro-
hibition on untraceable firearms, encourage 
the safe storage of firearms, and for other 
purposes. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bills were read the first 
and the second times by unanimous 
consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 2377. An act to authorize the issuance 
of extreme risk protection orders; to the 
Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 5879. An act to amend the Small Busi-
ness Act to clarify the application of the 
price evaluation preference for qualified 
HUBZone small business concerns to certain 
contracts, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Small Business and Entrepre-
neurship. 
H.R. 7334. An act to extend the statute of 
limitations for fraud by borrowers under cer-
tain COVID–19 economic injury disaster loan 
programs of the Small Business Administra-
tion, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Small Business and Entrepreneur-
ship. 
H.R. 7352. An act to amend the Small Busi-
ness Act to extend the statute of limitation 
for fraud by borrowers under the Paycheck 
Protection Program, and for other purposes; 
to the Committee on Small Business and En-
trepreneurship. 
H.R. 7622. An act to amend the Small Busi-
ness Act to include requirements relating to 
apprenticeship program assistance for small 
business development centers, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on Small Busi-
ness and Entrepreneurship. 
H.R. 7664. An act to amend the Small Busi-
ness Act to include requirements relating to 
graduates of career and technical education 
programs or programs of study for small 
business development centers and women’s 
business centers, and for other purposes; to 
the Committee on Small Business and Entre-
preneurship. 
H.R. 7670. An act to amend the Small Busi-
ness Act to require a report on small busi-
ness concerns owned and controlled by 
women, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Small Business and Entrepreneur-
ship. 
H.R. 7694. An act to amend the Small Busi-
ness Act to modify the requirements relating 
to the evaluation of the subcontracting plans 
of certain offerors, and for other purposes; to 
the Committee on Small Business and Entre-
preneurship. 
f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR 
The following bill was read the first 
and second times by unanimous con-
sent, and placed on the calendar: 
H.R. 7776. An act to provide for improve-
ments to the rivers and harbors of the United 
States, to provide for the conservation and 
development of water and related resources, 
and for other purposes. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. PETERS, from the Committee on 
Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs, with an amendment in the nature of a 
substitute: 
S. 138. A bill to waive certain pay limita-
tions for Department of Agriculture and De-
partment of the Interior employees engaged 
in emergency wildland fire suppression ac-
tivities, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 
117–119). 
H.R. 4363. An act to establish a daily public 
reporting requirement for covered contract 
awards of the Department of Homeland Secu-
rity, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 117– 
120). 
By Mr. MENENDEZ, from the Committee 
on Foreign Relations, with amendments: 
H.R. 6089. An act to clarify that section 107 
of the Countering America’s Adversaries 
Through Sanctions Act applies sanctions 
with respect to unmanned combat aerial ve-
hicles following a 2019 change by the United 
Nations providing additional clarity to the 
United Nations Register of Conventional 
Arms. 
f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF 
COMMITTEES 
The following executive reports of 
nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. MENENDEZ for the Committee on 
Foreign Relations. 
Michael Battle, of Georgia, to be Ambas-
sador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of 
the United States of America to the United 
Republic of Tanzania. 
Nominee: Michael A. Battle Sr. 
Post: Ambassador Extraordinary and Plen-
ipotentiary to The United Republic of Tan-
zania. 
(The following is a list of members of my 
immediate family. I have asked each of these 
persons to inform me of the pertinent con-
tributions made by them. To the best of my 
knowledge, the information contained in this 
report is complete and accurate.) 
Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 
All the contributions listed below were 
jointly donated by me (Michael A. Battle 
Sr.) and my wife (Linda A. Battie): $25, 2019– 
04–25, Biden; $20, 2019–05–02, Biden; $20, 2019– 
06–02, Biden; $20, 2019–08–02, Biden; $20, 2019– 
09–02, Biden; $20, 2019–10–02, Biden; $20, 2019– 
11–02, Biden; $20, 2020–01–02, Biden; $50, 2020– 
01–02, Biden; $22, 2020–01–28, Biden; $15, 2020– 
01–28, Biden; $42, 2020–02–28, Biden; $25, 2020– 
03–04, Biden; $25, 2020–03–17, Biden; $23, 2020– 
05–01, Biden; $20, 2020–05–08, Biden; $23, 2020– 
05–27, Biden; $26, 2020–07–05, Biden; $25, 2020– 
07–13, Biden; $1,000, 2020–07–28, Biden; $26, 
2020–08–03, Biden; $25, 2020–08–13, Biden; $25, 
2020–08–20, Biden; $25, 2020–09–01, Biden; $500, 
2020–09–17, Biden; $25, 2020–10–14, Biden; $50, 
2021–01–09, Biden; $50, 2020–01–09, Warnock; 
$25, 
2021–08–10, 
Warnock; 
$40, 
2020–03–23, 
DNC*; $20, 2020–04–22, DNC; $40, 2020–05–06, 
DNC; $10, 2020–08–20, DNC; $25, 2021–01–23, 
DNC; $50, 2020–12–01, GDP*; $25, 2020–12–20, 
Biden. 
Inaugural 
*DNC Democratic National Committee 
*GDP Georgia Democratic Party 
Elizabeth H. Richard, of Virginia, a Career 
Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class 
of Career Minister, to be Coordinator for 
Counterterrorism, with the rank and status 
of Ambassador at Large. 
Nominee: Elizabeth H Richard. 
Post: Coordinator for Counterterrorism, 
with the Rank of Ambassador. 
(The following is a list of members of my 
immediate family. I have asked each of these 
persons to inform me of the pertinent con-
tributions made by them. To the best of my 
knowledge, the information contained in this 
report is complete and accurate.) 
Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 
Elizabeth Richard, None. Christopher Rich-
ard (spouse. Deceased), None. 
Margaret C. Whitman, of Colorado, to be 
Ambassador 
Extraordinary 
and 
Pleni-
potentiary of the United States of America 
to the Republic of Kenya. 
Nominee: Margaret Cushing Whitman. 
Post: Ambassador Extraordinary and Plen-
ipotentiary to the Republic of Kenya. 
(The following is a list of members of my 
immediate family. I have asked each of these 
persons to inform me of the pertinent con-
tributions made by them. To the best of my 
knowledge, the information contained in this 
report is complete and accurate.) 
Contributions, Amount, Date, and Donee: 
General Motors Company Political Action 
Committee (GM PAC), $5,000.00, 9/15/2021, 
Whitman, Margaret C; The Procter & Gam-
ble 
Company 
Good 
Government 
Fund, 
$5,000.00, 3/12/2021, Whitman Meg; New Hamp-
shire Democratic Party, $10,000.00, 10/5/2020, 
Whitman, Meg; Michigan Democratic State 
Central Committee, $10,000.00, 9/9/2020, Whit-
man, 
Meg; 
Hickenlooper 
for 
Colorado, 
$2,800.00, 
9/8/2020, 
Whitman, 
Margaret; 
Hickenlooper Victory Fund, $2,800.00 9/3/2020, 
Whitman, Meg; Brynne Kennedy for Con-
gress, $2,800.00, 8/26/2020, Whitman, Meg; Cap-
ito for West Virginia, $1,000.00, 7/24/2020, 
Whitman, Meg; Nevada State Democratic 
Party, $10,000.00 6/26/2020, Whitman, Meg; 
DNC 
Services 
Corp/Democratic 
National 
Committee, $106,500.00, 6/26/2020, Whitman, 
Margaret; DNC Services Corp/Democratic 
National 
Committee, 
$32,700.00 
6/26/2020, 
Whitman, Margaret; Georgia Federal Elec-
tions Committee, $10,000.00 6/26/2020, Whit-
man, Meg; New Jersey Democratic State 
Committee, $10,000.00, 6/26/2020, Whitman, 
Margaret; 
Democratic 
State 
Committee 
(Delaware), $10,000.00, 6/26/2020, Whitman, 
Margaret; Mississippi Democratic Party, 
$10,000.00, 
6/26/2020, 
Whitman, 
Margaret; 
Democratic State Central Committee of 
Maryland, $10,000.00, 6/26/2020, Whitman, Mar-
garet; Arizona Democratic Party, $10,000.00, 
6/26/2020, Whitman, Margaret C; Democratic 
State Central Committee of LA, $10,000.00, 6/ 
26/2020, Whitman, Margaret C; Massachusetts 
Democratic State Committee, $10,000.00, 6/26/ 
2020, Whitman, Margaret; Biden Victory 
Fund, $500,000.00, 6/26/2020, Whitman, Mar-
garet; Texas Democratic Party, $10,000.00, 6/ 
26/2020, Whitman, Meg; Democratic Party of 
Wisconsin, 
$10,000.00, 
6/26/2020, 
Whitman, 
Margaret; 
Kansas 
Democratic 
Party, 
$10,000.00, 6/26/2020, Whitman, Meg; Nebraska 
Democratic Party, $10,000.00, 6/26/2020, Whit-
man, Margaret C; Democratic Executive 
Committee of Florida, $10,000.00, 6/26/2020, 
Whitman, Margaret C; Ohio Democratic 
Party, $10,000.00, 6/26/2020, Whitman, Mar-
garet C; Democratic Party of Virginia, 
$10,000.00, 6/26/2020, Whitman, Margaret, C; 
Minnesota Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party, 
$10,000.00, 
6/26/2020, 
Whitman, 
Margaret; 
Pennsylvania Democratic Party, $10,000.00 6/ 
26/2020, Whitman, Meg; DNC Services Corp/ 
Democratic National Committee, $14,500.00, 
6/26/2020, Whitman, Margaret C MS; DNC 
Services Corp/Democratic National Com-
mittee, $92,000.00, 6/26/2020, Whitman, Mar-
garet, C MS; DNC Services Corp/Democratic 
National 
Committee, 
$4,300.00, 
6/26/2020, 
Whitman, Meg C.; Colorado Democratic 
Party, $10,000.00, 6/26/2020, Whitman, Mar-
garet C; North Carolina Democratic Party— 
Federal, $10,000.00, 6/26/2020, Whitman, Meg; 
State Democratic Executive Committee of 
Alabama, $10,000.00, 6/26/2020, Whitman, Mar-
garet; WVDP, $10,000.00, 6/26/2020, Whitman, 
Meg; New York State Democratic Com-
mittee, $10,000.00, 6/26/2020, Whitman, Meg; 
DNC 
Services 
Corp/Democratic 
National 
Committee, $2,800.00, 6/3/2020, Whitman, Mar-
garet; Biden Victory Fund, $5,600.00, 6/3/2020, 
Whitman Meg; Biden for President, $2,800.00, 
6/3/2020, Whitman, Meg; The Procter & Gam-
ble 
Company 
Good 
Government 
Fund, 
$5,000.00, 3/12/2020, Whitman, Meg; Jersey Val-
ues PAC, $5,000.00, 11/6/2019, Whitman, Meg; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:16 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00017
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A09JN6.005
S09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 52-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S2892 
June 9, 2022 
Across the Aisle PAC, $5,000.00, 11/6/2019, 
Whitman, Margaret; Josh Gottheimer for 
Congress, $2,800.00, 10/31/2019, Whitman, Mar-
garet; 
Josh 
Gottheimer 
for 
Congress, 
$2,800.00, 10/31/2019, Whitman, Meg; Max Rose 
for Congress, $2,200.00, 10/31/2019, Whitman, 
Margaret; Elaine for Congress, $2,200.00 10/31/ 
2019, Whitman, Margaret; Biden for Presi-
dent, $2,800.00, 9/26/2019, Whitman, Margaret; 
Hickenlooper 2020, $2,000.00, 4/30/2019, Whit-
man, Margaret; The Procter & Gamble Com-
pany Good Government Fund, $5,000.00, 3/26/ 
2019, Whitman, Margaret C; American Possi-
bilities PAC, $5,000.00, 10/4/2018, Whitman, 
Margaret C; Josh Gottheimer for Congress, 
$2,700.00, 10/4/2018, Whitman, Margaret; DCCC, 
$1,499.98, 
9/28/2018, 
Whitman, 
Margaret; 
UNITE America Election Fund, $95,500.00, 9/ 
25/2018, Whitman, Meg; Red to Blue Victory 
Fund, $2,500.00, 9/24/2018, Whitman, Margaret; 
Romney for Utah, Inc, $2,700.00, 6/26/2018, 
Whitman, 
Meg; 
Romney 
for 
Utah 
Inc, 
¥$2,700.00, 6/26/2018, Whitman, Margaret C; 
Romney for Utah Inc, $5,400.00, 6/26/2018, 
Whitman, Margaret C; Manchin for West Vir-
ginia, $2,700.00, 6/7/2018, Whitman, Margaret 
C; Manchin for West Virginia, $2,700.00, 6/7/ 
2018, Whitman, Margaret C.; House Majority 
PAC, $25,000.00, 5/31/2018, Whitman, Margaret; 
Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company PAC 
(HPE PAC), $5,000.00, 5/31/2018, Whitman, 
Meg; The Procter & Gamble Company Good 
Government Fund, $5,000.00, 4/4/2018, Whit-
man, Margaret C MS; Tom Reed for Con-
gress, $2,700.00, 11/16/2017, Whitman Margaret 
C MS; Team Graham Inc, $2,500.00, 10/27/2017, 
Whitman, Meg C; Project West Political Ac-
tion Committee, $2,500.00, 10/23/2017, Whit-
man, Margaret C; Denali Leadership PAC, 
$2,500.00, 9/30/2017, Whitman, Meg; Sensible 
American Solutions Supporting Everyone 
PAC, $5,000.00, 9/29/2017, Whitman, Margaret; 
Dirigo PAC, $2,500.00, 9/28/2017, Whitman, 
Meg; Comstock for Congress, $2,700.00, 9/27/ 
2017, Whitman, Meg; Josh Gottheimer for 
Congress, $2,700.00, 9/24/2017, Whitman, Mar-
garet; Jeff Flake for US Senate Inc, $2,700.00, 
9/20/2017, Whitman, Meg; Jeff Flake for US 
Senate Inc, $2,700.00, 9/20/2017, Whitman, Meg; 
Team Josh, $2,700.00, 9/11/2017, Whitman, Meg; 
Citizens for Josh Mandel Inc, $2,700.00, 9/11/ 
2017, Whitman, Meg; The Procter & Gamble 
Company Good Government Fund, $5,000.00, 
3/27/2017, Whitman, Margaret; Hewlett Pack-
ard Enterprise Company PAC (HPE PAC), 
$5,000.00, 3/9/2017, Whitman, Margaret; Grif-
fith Harsh—None. 
Mari Carmen Aponte, of Puerto Rico, to be 
Ambassador 
Extraordinary 
and 
Pleni-
potentiary of the United States of America 
to the Republic of Panama. 
Nominee: Mari Carmen Aponte. 
Post: Republic of Panama. 
(The following is a list of members of my 
immediate family. I have asked each of these 
persons to inform me of the pertinent con-
tributions made by them. To the best of my 
knowledge, the information contained in this 
report is complete and accurate.) 
Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 
Committee to re-elect Nydia M. Velazquez 
to Congress, $1,000, 03/21/18, Mari Carmen 
Aponte; Menendez for Senate, $500, 03/22/18, 
Mari Carmen Aponte; Menendez for Senate, 
$500, 03/26/18, Mari Carmen Aponte; Kaine for 
Virginia, $250, 04/09/18, Mari Carmen Aponte; 
Beto for Texas, $1,000, 07/18/18, Mari Carmen 
Aponte; Espaillat for Congress, $500, 08/20/18, 
Mari Carmen Aponte; Menendez for Senate, 
$1,000, 10/17/18 Mari Carmen Aponte; Menen-
dez for Senate, $1,000, 11/01/18, Mari Carmen 
Aponte; Committee to re-elect Nydia M. 
Velazquez to Congress, $1,000, 03/19/19, Mari 
Carmen Aponte; ActBlue, $100, 04/25/19, Mari 
Carmen Aponte; Biden for President, $1,000, 
08/06/19, Mari Carmen Aponte; Committee to 
re-elect Nydia M. Velazquez to Congress, 
$750, 09/09,19, Mari Carmen Aponte; Melissa 
Mark-Viverito for the Bronx, $1,000, 09/18/19, 
Mari Carmen Aponte; Biden for President, 
$500, 12/09/19, Mari Carmen Aponte; Biden for 
President, 
$500, 
03/01/20, 
Mari 
Carmen 
Aponte; Anibal Comisionado 2020, $500, 03/06/ 
20, Mari Carmen Aponte; Biden for President, 
$1,000, 04/08/20, Mari Carmen Aponte; Biden 
for President, $700, 04/08/20, Mari Carmen 
Aponte; Biden for President, $250, 04/30/20, 
Mari Carmen Aponte; Biden for President, 
$1,000, 06/09/20, Mari Carmen Aponte; Biden 
for President, $25, 06/16/20, Mari Carmen 
Aponte; ActBlue, $25, 06/16/20, Mari Carmen 
Aponte; Biden for President, $10, 06/17/20, 
Mari Carmen Aponte; Committee to re-elect 
Nydia M. Velazquez to Congress, $1,000, 06/18/ 
20, Mari Carmen Aponte; Anibal Comisionado 
2020, $500, 06/23/20, Mari Carmen Aponte; 
Biden Victory Fund, $5, 07/02/20, Mari Carmen 
Aponte; Biden for President, $5, 07/02/20, Mari 
Carmen Aponte; Biden Victory Fund, $250, 07/ 
14/20, Mari Carmen Aponte; Biden for Presi-
dent, $250, 07/14/20, Mari Carmen Aponte; 
Biden Victory Fund, $5,600, 07/22/20, Mari Car-
men Aponte; Biden for President, $560, 07/22/ 
20, Mari Carmen Aponte; Pres. Transition 
Fund, $5,000, 08/03/20, Mari Carmen Aponte; 
Biden Victory Fund, $25, 08/12/20, Mari Car-
men Aponte; Michelle for Kansas, $1,000, 09/ 
07/20, 
Mari 
Carmen 
Aponte; 
Anibal 
Comisionado 2020, $500, 09/08/20, Mari Carmen 
Aponte; Menendez for Senate, $1,000, 09/20/20, 
Mari Carmen Aponte; Blue Victory Fund, 
$250, 10/02/20, Mari Carmen Aponte; Com-
mittee to re-elect Nydia M. Velazquez to 
Congress, 
$2,800, 
10/04/20, 
Mari 
Carmen 
Aponte; Blue Victor Fund, $275, 10/11/20, Mari 
Carmen Aponte; Biden Victory Fund, $50, 10/ 
15/20, 
Mari 
Carmen 
Aponte; 
Anibal 
Comisionado 2020, $250, 10/19/20, Mari Carmen 
Aponte; Black Economic Alliance PAC, 
$1,000, 12/01/20, Mari Carmen Aponte; Sharice 
for Congress, $250, 03/26/21, Mari Carmen 
Aponte; Committee to re-elect Nydia M. 
Velazquez to Congress, $2,500, 04/01/21, Mari 
Carmen Aponte; Menendez for Senate, $900, 
05/27/21, Mari Carmen Aponte; Menendez for 
Senate, $100, 05/27/21, Mari Carmen Aponte; 
Voto Latino, $500, 06/03/21, Mari Carmen 
Aponte. 
Michelle Kwan, of California, to be Ambas-
sador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of 
the United States of America to Belize. 
Nominee: Michelle Kwan. 
Post: Belize. 
(The following is a list of members of my 
immediate family. I have asked each of these 
persons to inform me of the pertinent con-
tributions made by them. To the best of my 
knowledge, the information contained in this 
report is complete and accurate.) 
Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 
Biden for President, $25, 1/20/20, Michelle 
Kwan; Act Blue, $25, 1/20/20, Michelle Kwan; 
Biden for President, $250, 9/16/20, Michelle 
Kwan. 
Michael J. Adler, of Maryland, a Career 
Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class 
of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Ex-
traordinary 
and 
Plenipotentiary 
of 
the 
United States of America to the Republic of 
South Sudan. 
Nominee: Michael Adler. 
Post: South Sudan. 
(The following is a list of members of my 
immediate family. I have asked each of these 
persons to inform me of the pertinent con-
tributions made by them. To the best of my 
knowledge, the information contained in this 
report is complete and accurate.) 
Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 
Self: None. 
John T. Godfrey, of California, a Career 
Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class 
of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Ex-
traordinary 
and 
Plenipotentiary 
of 
the 
United States of America to the Republic of 
the Sudan. 
Nominee: John T. Godfrey. 
Post: Ambassador to the Republic of 
Sudan. 
(The following is a list of members of my 
immediate family. I have asked each of these 
persons to inform me of the pertinent con-
tributions made by them. To the best of my 
knowledge, the information contained in this 
report is complete and accurate.) 
Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 
None, John T. Godfrey. 
None, Jennifer J. Hall Godfrey. 
Michael C. Gonzales, of California, a Ca-
reer Member of the Senior Foreign Service, 
Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambas-
sador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of 
the United States of America to the Republic 
of Zambia. 
Nominee: Michael C. Gonzales. 
Post: U.S. Ambassador to the Republic of 
Zambia. 
(The following is a list of members of my 
immediate family. I have asked each of these 
persons to inform me of the pertinent con-
tributions made by them. To the best of my 
knowledge, the information contained in this 
report is complete and accurate.) 
Contributions, Amount, Date, and Donee: 
Biden for President, $400, April 27, 2020, 
Self; ActBlue (for Pete Buttigieg), $100, Au-
gust 10, 2019, Self; ActBlue (for Kamala Har-
ris), $250, January 26, 2019, Self. 
Carol Ann Jenkins—Spouse—None. 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, for 
the Committee on Foreign Relations I 
report favorably the following nomina-
tion lists which were printed in the 
RECORDS on the dates indicated, and 
ask unanimous consent, to save the ex-
pense of reprinting on the Executive 
Calendar that these nominations lie at 
the Secretary’s desk for the informa-
tion of Senators. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Foreign Service nominations beginning 
with Roxana Aguirre and ending with Peter 
S. Zube, which nominations were received by 
the Senate and appeared in the Congres-
sional Record on November 17, 2021. 
Foreign Service nominations beginning 
with Barrett David Bumpas and ending with 
Charles Y. Wang, which nominations were 
received by the Senate and appeared in the 
Congressional Record on February 28, 2022. 
(minus 1 nominee: Ryan Giralt) 
By Mr. DURBIN for the Committee on the 
Judiciary. 
John Z. Lee, of Illinois, to be United States 
Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit. 
Salvador Mendoza, Jr., of Washington, to 
be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth 
Circuit. 
Stephen Henley Locher, of Iowa, to be 
United States District Judge for the South-
ern District of Iowa. 
Nancy L. Maldonado, of Illinois, to be 
United States District Judge for the North-
ern District of Illinois. 
Gregory Brian Williams, of Delaware, to be 
United States District Judge for the District 
of Delaware. 
Joshua D. Hurwit, of Idaho, to be United 
States Attorney for the District of Idaho, for 
the term of four years. 
Gerard M. Karam, of Pennsylvania, to be 
United States Attorney for the Middle Dis-
trict of Pennsylvania for the term of four 
years. 
Jacqueline C. Romero, of Pennsylvania, to 
be United States Attorney for the Eastern 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:16 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00018
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A09JN6.019
S09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 53-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S2893 
June 9, 2022 
District of Pennsylvania for the term of four 
years. 
(Nominations without an asterisk 
were reported with the recommenda-
tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
EXECUTIVE REPORT OF 
COMMITTEE—TREATY 
The following executive report of 
committee was submitted: 
By Mr. MENENDEZ, from the Committee 
on Foreign Relations: 
Treaty Doc. 115–3: Amendments to the 
Treaty on Fisheries between the Govern-
ments of Certain Pacific Island States and 
the Government of the United States of 
America with 1 declaration (Ex. Rept. 117–3) 
The 
text 
of 
the 
committee-rec-
ommended resolution of advice and 
consent to ratification is as follows: 
Resolved (two-thirds of the Senators present 
concurring therein), 
Section 1. Senate Advice and Consent Sub-
ject to a Declaration 
The Senate advises and consents to the 
ratification of the Amendments to the Trea-
ty on Fisheries between the Governments of 
Certain Pacific Island States and the Gov-
ernment of the United States of America 
done at Port Moresby April 2, 1987, as amend-
ed, done at Nadi, Fiji, December 3, 2016 (‘‘the 
Amendments’’) (Treaty Doc. 115–3), subject 
to the declaration of section 2. 
Section 2. Declaration 
The advice and consent of the Senate 
under section 1 is subject to the following 
declaration: 
The Amendments are not self-executing. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first 
and second times by unanimous con-
sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. SANDERS (for himself, Ms. 
WARREN, 
Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE, 
Mr. 
MERKLEY, 
Mr. 
VAN
HOLLEN, 
Mr. 
PADILLA, Mrs. GILLIBRAND, and Mr. 
BOOKER): 
S. 4365. A bill to enhance Social Security 
benefits and ensure the long-term solvency 
of the Social Security program; to the Com-
mittee on Finance. 
By Ms. ERNST (for herself, Ms. ROSEN, 
Mr. LANKFORD, and Mr. BOOKER): 
S. 4366. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Defense to seek to cooperate with allies and 
partners in the Middle East to identify an ar-
chitecture and develop an acquisition ap-
proach for certain countries in the Middle 
East to implement an integrated air and 
missile defense capability to protect the peo-
ple, infrastructure, and territory of such 
countries from cruise and ballistic missiles, 
manned and unmanned aerial system, and 
rocket attacks from Iran, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions. 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Ms. 
SINEMA, Mr. TILLIS, Mr. RUBIO, Mr. 
OSSOFF, Ms. ERNST, and Mrs. FEIN-
STEIN): 
S. 4367. A bill to improve certain sexual as-
sault and domestic violence prevention poli-
cies; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. BENNET (for himself, Mr. 
SASSE, and Mr. WARNER): 
S. 4368. A bill to establish the Office of 
Global Competition Analysis, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, 
Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. MARSHALL (for himself, Mr. 
BARRASSO, 
Mrs. 
BLACKBURN, 
Mr. 
BRAUN, Mr. DAINES, Mr. GRASSLEY, 
Mr. JOHNSON, Mr. MORAN, Mr. SCOTT 
of Florida, Mr. SCOTT of South Caro-
lina, Mr. TILLIS, Mr. WICKER, Mr. 
YOUNG, and Mr. KENNEDY): 
S. 4369. A bill to allow States and local 
educational agencies to use any remaining 
COVID–19 elementary and secondary school 
emergency relief funds for school security 
measures; to the Committee on Health, Edu-
cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. INHOFE (for himself, Mr. 
TILLIS, Mr. WICKER, Mr. CRAPO, Mr. 
RISCH, Mr. KENNEDY, Mr. CRUZ, Mr. 
GRASSLEY, Mr. HAGERTY, Ms. LUMMIS, 
Mr. 
BRAUN, 
Mr. 
CASSIDY, 
Mr. 
HAWLEY, Mr. CRAMER, Mrs. HYDE- 
SMITH, Mr. MARSHALL, Mr. ROUNDS, 
Mr. DAINES, Mr. RUBIO, and Mr. BAR-
RASSO): 
S. 4370. A bill to amend the Immigration 
and Nationality Act to provide for exten-
sions of detention of certain aliens ordered 
removed, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. PADILLA (for himself and Mrs. 
FEINSTEIN): 
S. 4371. A bill to establish the Cesar E. Cha-
vez and the Farmworker Movement National 
Historical Park in the States of California 
and Arizona, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources. 
By Mr. THUNE (for himself and Ms. 
SINEMA): 
S. 4372. A bill to require the Administrator 
of the Federal Aviation Administration to 
carry out a pilot program on developing and 
testing dynamic management of special ac-
tivity airspace, and for other purposes; to 
the Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation. 
By Mr. LEAHY (for himself and Mr. 
LEE): 
S. 4373. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to modify delayed notice re-
quirements, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. WARREN: 
S. 4374. A bill to prevent price gouging at 
the Department of Defense; to the Com-
mittee on Armed Services. 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and 
Mr. SULLIVAN): 
S. 4375. A bill to amend titles 10 and 37, 
United States Code, to establish special pay 
and allowances for members of the Armed 
Forces assigned to cold weather operations, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Armed Services. 
By Mr. COTTON (for himself, Mr. CAS-
SIDY, Mr. HAWLEY, Mr. YOUNG, Mr. 
TILLIS, Mrs. BLACKBURN, Mr. DAINES, 
Mr. KENNEDY, and Mr. THUNE): 
S. 4376. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, relating to sentencing of armed 
career criminals; to the Committee on the 
Judiciary. 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. 
LUJA´ N): 
S. 4377. A bill to designate the El Paso 
Community Healing Garden National Memo-
rial, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and 
referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mrs. 
BLACKBURN, Ms. ROSEN, and Mr. 
BRAUN): 
S. Res. 668. A resolution designating June 
12, 2022, as ‘‘Women Veterans Appreciation 
Day’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. MERKLEY (for himself, Mr. 
YOUNG, Mr. BOOKER, Mr. THUNE, Mr. 
MENENDEZ, and Mr. RISCH): 
S. Res. 669. A resolution condemning the 
use of hunger as a weapon of war and recog-
nizing the effect of conflict on global food se-
curity and famine; to the Committee on For-
eign Relations. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 346 
At the request of Mr. BOOKER, the 
name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. 
CORTEZ MASTO) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 346, a bill to end preventable 
maternal mortality and severe mater-
nal morbidity in the United States and 
close disparities in maternal health 
outcomes, and for other purposes. 
S. 1116 
At the request of Mr. CARPER, the 
names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. 
MERKLEY) and the Senator from Wash-
ington (Mrs. MURRAY) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 1116, a bill to amend 
chapter 81 of title 5, United States 
Code, to create a presumption that a 
disability or death of a Federal em-
ployee in fire protection activities 
caused by any of certain diseases is the 
result of the performance of such em-
ployees duty, and for other purposes. 
S. 1167 
At the request of Mr. SANDERS, the 
name of the Senator from California 
(Mr. PADILLA) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1167, a bill to eliminate subsidies 
for fossil-fuel production. 
S. 1302 
At the request of Mr. BROWN, the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. 
DURBIN) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1302, a bill to amend title II of the So-
cial Security Act to repeal the Govern-
ment pension offset and windfall elimi-
nation provisions. 
S. 1428 
At the request of Ms. KLOBUCHAR, the 
name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. 
KELLY) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1428, a bill to prohibit brand name drug 
companies from compensating generic 
drug companies to delay the entry of a 
generic drug into the market, and to 
prohibit biological product manufac-
turers from compensating biosimilar 
and 
interchangeable 
companies 
to 
delay the entry of biosimilar biological 
products and interchangeable biologi-
cal products. 
S. 1625 
At the request of Mr. WARNER, the 
name of the Senator from Arizona (Ms. 
SINEMA) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1625, a bill to authorize notaries public 
to perform, and to establish minimum 
standards for, electronic notarizations 
and remote notarizations that occur in 
or affect interstate commerce, to re-
quire any Federal court to recognize 
notarizations performed by a notarial 
officer of any State, to require any 
State to recognize notarizations per-
formed by a notarial officer of any 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:45 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00019
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A09JN6.032
S09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 54-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S2894 
June 9, 2022 
other State when the notarization was 
performed under or relates to a public 
Act, record, or judicial proceeding of 
the notarial officer’s State or when the 
notarization occurs in or affects inter-
state commerce, and for other pur-
poses. 
S. 1692 
At the request of Mrs. CAPITO, the 
names of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire (Mrs. SHAHEEN), the Senator from 
Connecticut (Mr. BLUMENTHAL), the 
Senator from Minnesota (Ms. KLO-
BUCHAR) and the Senator from Maine 
(Mr. KING) were added as cosponsors of 
S. 1692, a bill to provide better care and 
outcomes for Americans living with 
Alzheimer’s disease and related to de-
mentias and their caregivers, while ac-
celerating progress toward prevention 
strategies, disease modifying treat-
ments, and, ultimately, a cure. 
S. 2964 
At the request of Ms. BALDWIN, the 
name of the Senator from Vermont 
(Mr. SANDERS) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 2964, a bill to clarify the sta-
tus of the North Country, Ice Age, and 
New England National Scenic Trails as 
units of the National Park System, and 
for other purposes. 
S. 3357 
At the request of Mr. BOOKER, the 
name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. 
WARNER) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
3357, a bill to substantially restrict the 
use of animal testing for cosmetics. 
S. 3603 
At the request of Mrs. BLACKBURN, 
the name of the Senator from Indiana 
(Mr. BRAUN) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 3603, a bill to direct the Secretary 
of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot 
program to improve the ability of vet-
erans to access medical care in medical 
facilities of the Department of Vet-
erans Affairs and in the community by 
providing 
veterans 
the 
ability 
to 
choose health care providers. 
S. 3607 
At the request of Mr. WHITEHOUSE, 
the name of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi (Mr. WICKER) was added as a 
cosponsor of S. 3607, a bill to award a 
Congressional gold medal, collectively, 
to the First Rhode Island Regiment, in 
recognition of their dedicated service 
during the Revolutionary War. 
S. 3711 
At the request of Mr. BRAUN, the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. 
COLLINS) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
3711, a bill to ensure that no cost re-
duction or cash refund is due under cer-
tain 
transportation 
cost-reimburse-
ment contracts on the basis of the for-
giveness of certain covered loans, and 
for other purposes. 
S. 3741 
At the request of Mr. HEINRICH, the 
name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. 
CORNYN) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
3741, a bill to prohibit the use of Fed-
eral funds for the private interim stor-
age of spent nuclear fuel, and for other 
purposes. 
S. 3797 
At the request of Mr. MERKLEY, the 
name of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. 
GRASSLEY) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 3797, a bill to amend title V of the 
Social Security Act to support still-
birth prevention and research, and for 
other purposes. 
S. 3956 
At the request of Mr. MERKLEY, the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. 
KING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
3956, a bill to direct the Administrator 
of the Environmental Protection Agen-
cy to establish a grant program to im-
prove the effectiveness of education 
and outreach on ‘‘Do Not Flush’’ label-
ing, and to require the Federal Trade 
Commission, in consultation with the 
Administrator, to issue regulations re-
quiring certain products to have ‘‘Do 
Not Flush’’ labeling, and for other pur-
poses. 
S. 4102 
At the request of Mr. BROWN, the 
names of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania (Mr. CASEY) and the Senator 
from South Carolina (Mr. SCOTT) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 4102, a bill to 
amend title XVI of the Social Security 
Act to update the resource limit for 
supplemental security income eligi-
bility. 
S. 4217 
At the request of Ms. CANTWELL, the 
name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. 
CORTEZ MASTO) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 4217, a bill to ensure trans-
parent and competitive transportation 
fuel markets in order to protect con-
sumers from unwarranted price in-
creases. 
S. 4272 
At the request of Ms. DUCKWORTH, 
the name of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi (Mrs. HYDE-SMITH) was added 
as a cosponsor of S. 4272, a bill to im-
prove promotion practices in the Na-
tional Guard, and for other purposes. 
S. 4278 
At the request of Mrs. FEINSTEIN, the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. 
SCHATZ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
4278, a bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to prohibit the purchase 
of 
certain 
firearms 
by 
individuals 
under 21 years of age, and for other 
purposes. 
S. 4290 
At the request of Mrs. BLACKBURN, 
the name of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi (Mrs. HYDE-SMITH) was added 
as a cosponsor of S. 4290, a bill to im-
pose certain requirements relating to 
the renegotiation or reentry into the 
Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action or 
other agreement relating to Iran’s nu-
clear program, and for other purposes. 
S. 4316 
At the request of Mr. MARKEY, the 
name of the Senator from New Jersey 
(Mr. BOOKER) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 4316, a bill to direct the Secretary 
of Health and Human Services to up-
date and clarify its rule on substances 
generally recognized as safe and to es-
tablish within the Center for Food 
Safety and Applied Nutrition of the 
Food and Drug Administration the Of-
fice of Food Chemical Safety Reassess-
ment, and for other purposes. 
S. 4331 
At the request of Ms. DUCKWORTH, 
the name of the Senator from New 
Hampshire (Mrs. SHAHEEN) was added 
as a cosponsor of S. 4331, a bill to re-
quire a plan on emergency military as-
sistance to Taiwan and other support 
to Taiwan’s defensive capabilities, and 
for other purposes. 
S. 4364 
At the request of Mr. MARSHALL, the 
name of the Senator from Wyoming 
(Ms. LUMMIS) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 4364, a bill to prohibit contracting 
with persons that have business oper-
ations with the Government of the 
Russian Federation or the Russian en-
ergy sector, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 664 
At the request of Ms. DUCKWORTH, 
the name of the Senator from New Jer-
sey (Mr. BOOKER) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. Res. 664, a resolution ex-
pressing opposition to the criminaliza-
tion of essential healthcare, including 
the full range of sexual and reproduc-
tive healthcare such as abortion, gen-
der-affirming care, and contraceptive 
care, and disapproving of the criminal-
ization of pregnancy outcomes. 
AMENDMENT NO. 5048 
At the request of Mr. LEE, the names 
of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. 
TUBERVILLE) and the Senator from 
Oklahoma (Mr. LANKFORD) were added 
as cosponsors of amendment No. 5048 
intended to be proposed to H.R. 3967, a 
bill to improve health care and benefits 
for veterans exposed to toxic sub-
stances, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO. 5061 
At the request of Ms. LUMMIS, the 
name of the Senator from Oklahoma 
(Mr. LANKFORD) was added as a cospon-
sor of amendment No. 5061 intended to 
be proposed to H.R. 3967, a bill to im-
prove health care and benefits for vet-
erans exposed to toxic substances, and 
for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO. 5072 
At the request of Ms. ERNST, the 
name of the Senator from Oklahoma 
(Mr. LANKFORD) was added as a cospon-
sor of amendment No. 5072 intended to 
be proposed to H.R. 3967, a bill to im-
prove health care and benefits for vet-
erans exposed to toxic substances, and 
for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO. 5075 
At the request of Mrs. BLACKBURN, 
the names of the Senator from Ala-
bama (Mr. TUBERVILLE), the Senator 
from North Dakota (Mr. CRAMER), the 
Senator from North Carolina (Mr. 
TILLIS), the Senator from Montana 
(Mr. DAINES) and the Senator from 
Utah (Mr. LEE) were added as cospon-
sors of amendment No. 5075 intended to 
be proposed to H.R. 3967, a bill to im-
prove health care and benefits for vet-
erans exposed to toxic substances, and 
for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:45 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00020
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A09JN6.014
S09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 55-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S2895 
June 9, 2022 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Ms. 
SINEMA, Mr. TILLIS, Mr. RUBIO, 
Mr. OSSOFF, Ms. ERNST, and 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN): 
S. 4367. A bill to improve certain sex-
ual assault and domestic violence pre-
vention policies; to the Committee on 
Armed Services. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to print my bill for 
introduction 
in 
the 
CONGRESSIONAL 
RECORD. The bill improves certain sex-
ual assault and domestic violence pre-
vention policies. 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in 
the RECORD as follows: 
S. 4367 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting 
our Servicemembers through Proven Meth-
ods Act of 2022’’. 
SEC. 2. ANNUAL PRIMARY PREVENTION RE-
SEARCH AGENDA. 
Section 549A(c) of the National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 (Pub-
lic Law 117–81) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (2), (3), and 
(4) as paragraphs (5), (6), and (7), respec-
tively; 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing new paragraphs: 
‘‘(2) include a focus on whether and to what 
extent sub-populations of the military com-
munity may be targeted for sexual assault, 
sexual harassment, or domestic violence 
more than others; 
‘‘(3) seek to identify factors that influence 
the prevention, perpetration, and victimiza-
tion of sexual assault, sexual harassment, 
and domestic violence; 
‘‘(4) seek to improve the collection and dis-
semination of data on hazing and bullying 
related to sexual assault, sexual harassment, 
and domestic violence;’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (6), as redesignated by 
paragraph (1) of this section, by amending 
the text to read as follows: 
‘‘(6) incorporate collaboration with other 
Federal departments and agencies, including 
the Department of Health and Human Serv-
ices and the Centers for Disease Control and 
Prevention, State governments, academia, 
industry, federally funded research and de-
velopment centers, nonprofit organizations, 
and other organizations outside of the De-
partment of Defense, including civilian insti-
tutions that conduct similar data-driven 
studies, collection, and analysis; and’’. 
SEC. 3. PRIMARY PREVENTION WORKFORCE. 
Section 549B of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 (Public 
Law 117–81) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c), by adding at the end 
the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(3) COMPTROLLER
GENERAL
REPORT.—Not 
later than one year after the date of the en-
actment of this paragraph, the Comptroller 
General of the United States shall submit to 
the congressional defense committees a re-
port comparing the sexual harassment and 
prevention training of the Department of De-
fense with similar programs at other Federal 
departments and agencies and including data 
collected by colleges and universities and 
other relevant outside entities.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(e) INCORPORATION OF RESEARCH AND FIND-
INGS.—The Primary Prevention Workforce 
established under subsection (a) shall, on a 
regular basis, incorporate findings and con-
clusions from the primary prevention re-
search agenda established under section 
549A, as appropriate, into the work of the 
workforce.’’. 
By Mr. PADILLA (for himself and 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN): 
S. 4371. A bill to establish the Cesar E. Cha-
vez and the Farmworker Movement National 
Historical Park in the States of California 
and Arizona, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources. 
Mr. PADILLA. Mr. President, I rise 
to introduce the Ce´sar E. Cha´vez and 
the Farmworker Movement National 
Historical Park Act. 
This legislation would establish the 
Ce´sar E. Cha´vez and the Farmworker 
Movement National Historical Park in 
California and Arizona to preserve the 
nationally significant sites associated 
with Ce´sar Cha´vez and the farm worker 
movement. 
In 2008, with strong bipartisan sup-
port, Congress enacted legislation di-
recting the National Park Service to 
conduct a special resource study of 
sites that are significant to the life of 
Ce´sar Cha´vez and the farm labor move-
ment in the Western United States. 
The National Park Service evaluated 
over 100 sites that were significant to 
Ce´sar Cha´vez and the farm labor move-
ment in thy stern United States and 
found that five sites were ‘‘nationally 
significant.’’ Importantly, the Park 
Service wrote that these nationally 
significant sites depict a distinct and 
important aspect of American history 
associated with civil rights and labor 
movements that are not adequately 
represented or protected elsewhere. 
While the Park Service provided five 
management alternatives to protect 
these special places, they ultimately 
recommended that Congress establish a 
national historic park that would in-
clude several nationally significant 
sites. 
In 2012, President Obama established 
the Ce´sar E. Cha´vez National Monu-
ment. The property is in Keene, CA and 
is known as Nuestra Sen˜ ora Reina de la 
Paz. In his Presidential Proclamation, 
President 
Obama 
said: 
‘‘This 
site 
marks the extraordinary achievements 
and contributions to the history of the 
United States made by Ce´sar Cha´vez 
and the farm worker movement that he 
led with great vision and fortitude. La 
Paz reflects his conviction that ordi-
nary 
people 
can 
do 
extraordinary 
things.’’ 
While this was a critical step for-
ward, the National Monument leaves 
out many nationally significant sites 
and leaves many important stories un-
told. The creation of a national histor-
ical park, as originally recommended 
by the Park Service, would allow the 
National Park Service to tell the full 
story of Ce´sar Cha´vez and the farm 
labor movement for the benefit of all 
Americans. 
This legislation would establish the 
Forty Acres in Delano, CA; the Ce´sar 
E. Cha´vez National Monument, which 
includes La Nuestra Sen˜ ora Reina de la 
Paz, in Keene, CA; and the Santa Rita 
Center in Phoenix, AZ, as part of a new 
Ce´sar 
E. 
Cha´vez 
and 
Farmworker 
Movement National Historical Park. 
These sites contain nationally signifi-
cant resources associated with Ce´sar 
Cha´vez and the farmworker movement 
and would be preserved and protected 
as part of the National Park System. 
This legislation would also establish 
a new National Historic Trail that 
would commemorate the 1966 Delano to 
Sacramento March, a major milestone 
event in the farm labor movement. Ac-
cording to the Special Resource Study, 
‘‘More than one hundred men and 
women set out from Delano on March 
17, 1966, and thousands of farm workers 
and their families joined in for short 
stretches along the way. By the time 
the marchers entered Sacramento on 
Easter Sunday, April 10, 1966, the farm 
worker movement had secured a con-
tract and attracted new waves of sup-
port from across the country.’’ 
We must honor and celebrate the life 
and legacy of Ce´sar Cha´vez, the inspi-
rational civil rights advocate and lead-
er of the farm labor movement whose 
impact reverberated in California and 
across the world. His list of accom-
plishments is long, from creating the 
Nation’s first permanent agricultural 
labor union to helping secure passage 
of the first American law that recog-
nized farm workers’ rights to organize. 
While widely respected as the most 
important Latino leader in the United 
States in the 20th century, Ce´sar 
Cha´vez was not just a leader for the 
Latino community. Following the prin-
ciples of Mahatma Gandhi and Martin 
Luther King, Jr., Ce´sar Cha´vez led a 
nonviolent movement of protests and 
boycotts to secure a union, better pay, 
and better working conditions for 
farmworkers. He also played a leading 
role in the broader labor movement, 
the Chicano movement, and the envi-
ronmental movement. For Cha´vez, it 
did not matter where you came from or 
what your job was: he believed in the 
fundamental right to dignity and re-
spect. 
But this park will not just focus on 
Chavez’s legacy; it will also preserve 
the thousands of stories of people who 
played a role in the broader farm labor 
movement. According to the Special 
Resource Study, ‘‘During the 1960s, the 
farm labor movement attracted sup-
port from a wide array of individuals, 
including members of other unions, re-
ligious leaders, civil rights activists, 
high school students and college stu-
dents (including young Chicanos and 
Filipinos), environmentalists, and jus-
tice-minded 
consumers 
across 
the 
country and abroad.’’ 
As the son of immigrants from Mex-
ico and the first Latino to represent 
California in the U.S. Senate, I believe 
the movement Ce´sar Cha´vez created is 
just as important today as it ever has 
been. The National Park System— 
which preserves our natural, historical, 
and cultural heritage while offering 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:16 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00021
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A09JN6.018
S09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE
---

 -Page 56-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S2896 
June 9, 2022 
vital spaces for teaching, learning, and 
outdoor recreation—must paint the full 
mosaic of America. Through the sites 
preserved by this bill, we can ensure 
that the National Park System pre-
serves the diverse history of our Nation 
that is too often overlooked. As a farm 
worker himself, Ce´sar Cha´vez main-
tained a strong connection to the nat-
ural environment. This bill uplifts his 
story and those of others whose con-
tributions helped build the farmworker 
and civil rights movements that are 
pillars of American history. 
I thank the bill’s cosponsors in the 
Senate and House of Representatives, 
and I especially want to thank Con-
gressman RUIZ for spearheading this ef-
fort with me to ensure that our na-
tional monuments and historical parks 
better reflect the diversity of Amer-
ica’s heritage. 
Today and every day, let’s recommit 
to the work Ce´sar Cha´vez began. As he 
would say: La Lucha Sigue. We must 
not waver as we keep up the fight for 
justice and equality for all. 
I look forward to working with my 
colleagues to enact the Ce´sar E. Cha´vez 
National Historical Park Act as quick-
ly as possible. 
By Mr. THUNE (for himself and 
Ms. SINEMA): 
S. 4372. A bill to require the Adminis-
trator of the Federal Aviation Admin-
istration to carry out a pilot program 
on developing and testing dynamic 
management of special activity air-
space, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation. 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the text of the 
bill be printed in the RECORD. 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in 
the RECORD, as follows: 
S. 4372 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Dynamic 
Airspace Pilot Program Act of 2022’’ 
SEC. 2. DEVELOPMENT AND TESTING OF DY-
NAMIC SCHEDULING AND MANAGE-
MENT OF SPECIAL ACTIVITY AIR-
SPACE. 
(a) SENSE OF CONGRESS ON SPECIAL ACTIV-
ITY
AIRSPACE
SCHEDULING
AND
MANAGE-
MENT.—It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) where it does not conflict with safety, 
dynamic scheduling and management of spe-
cial activity airspace (also referred to as 
‘‘dynamic airspace’’) is expected to optimize 
the use of the national airspace system for 
all stakeholders; and 
(2) the Administrator of the Federal Avia-
tion Administration and the Secretary of De-
fense should take such actions as may be 
necessary to support ongoing efforts to de-
velop dynamic scheduling and management 
of special activity airspace, including— 
(A) the continuation of formal partner-
ships between the Federal Aviation Adminis-
tration and the Department of Defense that 
focus on special activity airspace, future air-
space needs, and joint solutions; and 
(B) maturing research within their feder-
ally funded research and development cen-
ters, Federal partner agencies, and the avia-
tion community. 
(b) PILOT PROGRAM.— 
(1) PILOT
PROGRAM
REQUIRED.—Not later 
than 90 days after the date of the enactment 
of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal 
Aviation Administration, in coordination 
with the Secretary of Defense, shall estab-
lish a pilot program on developing and test-
ing dynamic management of special activity 
airspace in order to accommodate emerging 
military 
training 
requirements 
through 
flexible scheduling, along with increasing ac-
cess to special activity airspace used by the 
Department of Defense for test and training. 
(2) TESTING OF SPECIAL ACTIVITY AIRSPACE 
SCHEDULING
AND
MANAGEMENT.—Under the 
pilot program established under paragraph 
(1), the Administrator and the Secretary 
shall jointly test not fewer than three areas 
of episodic or permanent special activity air-
space designated by the Federal Aviation Ad-
ministration for use by the Department of 
Defense, of which— 
(A) at least one shall be over coastal 
waters of the United States; 
(B) at least two shall be over land of the 
United States; 
(C) access to airspace available for test and 
training is increased to accommodate dy-
namic scheduling of airspace to more effi-
ciently and realistically provide test and 
training capabilities to Department of De-
fense aircrews; and 
(D) any increase in access to airspace made 
available for test and training shall not con-
flict with the safe management of the na-
tional airspace system or the safety of all 
stakeholders of the national airspace sys-
tem. 
(c) REPORT BY THE ADMINISTRATOR.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not less than two years 
after the date of the establishment of the 
pilot program under subsection (b)(1), the 
Administrator shall submit to the appro-
priate committees of Congress a report on 
the interim findings of the Administrator 
with respect to the pilot program. 
(2) ELEMENTS.—The report submitted under 
paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) An analysis of how the pilot program 
established under subsection (b)(1) affected 
access to special activity airspace by non-
military users of the national airspace sys-
tem. 
(B) An analysis of whether the dynamic 
management of special activity airspace con-
ducted for the pilot program established 
under subsection (b)(1) contributed to more 
efficient use of the national airspace system 
by all stakeholders. 
(d) REPORT
BY
THE SECRETARY.—Not less 
than two years after the date of the estab-
lishment of the pilot program under sub-
section (b)(1), the Secretary shall submit to 
the appropriate committees of Congress a re-
port on the interim findings of the Secretary 
with respect to the pilot program. Such re-
port shall include an analysis of how the 
pilot program affected military test and 
training. 
(e) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘appropriate committees of 
Congress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Commerce, Science, 
and 
Transportation, 
the 
Committee 
on 
Armed Services, and the Committee on Ap-
propriations of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Transportation and 
Infrastructure, the Committee on Science, 
Space, and Technology, the Committee on 
Armed Services, and the Committee on Ap-
propriations of the House of Representatives. 
(2) The term ‘‘special activity airspace’’ 
means the following airspace with defined di-
mensions within the National Airspace Sys-
tem wherein limitations may be imposed 
upon aircraft operations: 
(A) Restricted areas. 
(B) Military operations areas. 
(C) Air Traffic Control assigned airspace. 
(D) Warning areas. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 668—DESIG-
NATING 
JUNE 
12, 
2022, 
AS 
‘‘WOMEN VETERANS APPRECIA-
TION DAY’’ 
Mr. 
BOOKER 
(for 
himself, 
Mrs. 
BLACKBURN, 
Ms. 
ROSEN, 
and 
Mr. 
BRAUN) submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary: 
Whereas, throughout every period of the 
history of the United States, women have 
proudly served the United States to secure 
and preserve freedom and liberty for— 
(1) the people of the United States; and 
(2) the allies of the United States; 
Whereas women have formally been a part 
of the Armed Forces since the establishment 
of the Army Nurse Corps in 1901 but have in-
formally served since the inception of the 
United States military; 
Whereas over 3,000,000 women have served 
the United States honorably and with valor 
on land, on sea, in the air, and in space, in-
cluding— 
(1) as ‘‘Molly Pitchers’’ during the Amer-
ican Revolution, providing support to the 
Continental Army and taking their place on 
the artillery gun lines as soldiers fell; 
(2) by passing as men to serve as soldiers 
during the Revolutionary War, the Early Re-
public, and the Civil War; 
(3) as doctors, nurses, ambulance drivers, 
and Signal Corps telephone operator ‘‘Hello 
Girls’’ during World War I; 
(4) as, during World War II— 
(A) members of the Women’s Army Corps 
(commonly known as ‘‘WACs’’); 
(B) Women Accepted for Volunteer Emer-
gency 
Service 
(commonly 
known 
as 
‘‘WAVES’’); 
(C) members of the Coast Guard Women’s 
Reserve (commonly known as ‘‘SPARS’’); 
(D) Women Airforce Service Pilots (com-
monly known as ‘‘WASPs’’); and 
(E) nurses; 
(5) as permanent members of the Army, 
Navy, Marine Corps, and Air Force, serving 
as nurses, physicians, physical therapists, 
air traffic controllers, intelligence special-
ists, communications specialists, logisti-
cians, and clerks in the Korean War and 
Vietnam War; and 
(6) as fixed and rotary wing combat pilots, 
surface 
warfare 
sailors, 
submariners, 
artillerists, air defenders, engineers, mili-
tary police, intelligence specialists, civil af-
fairs specialists, logisticians, and, most re-
cently, in all combat roles in the Persian 
Gulf, Iraq, and Afghanistan; 
Whereas, as of 2020, women constitute ap-
proximately 17 percent of Armed Forces per-
sonnel on active duty, including— 
(1) 21 percent of active duty personnel in 
the Air Force and Space Force; 
(2) 20 percent of active duty personnel in 
the Navy; 
(3) 16 percent of active duty personnel in 
the Army; 
(4) 9 percent of active duty personnel in the 
Marine Corps; and 
(5) 15 percent of active duty personnel in 
the Coast Guard; 
Whereas, as of September 2020, women con-
stitute more than 21 percent of personnel in 
the National Guard and Reserves; 
Whereas women have been critical to 
COVID–19 relief, including as part of the per-
sonnel in the National Guard and Reserves 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:45 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00022
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A09JN6.022
S09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 57-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S2897 
June 9, 2022 
activated to support COVID–19 response ef-
forts; 
Whereas women have been critical to re-
sponding to the unjustified invasion of 
Ukraine by the Russian Federation, includ-
ing as members of the National Guard and as 
active duty personnel in the Armed Forces 
who have been deployed to contribute to for-
eign assistance efforts; 
Whereas 13 members of the Armed Forces, 
including 2 women, were killed during Oper-
ation Allies Refuge, in which over 120,000 
people were evacuated in the largest civilian 
airlift in the history of the United States; 
Whereas, in 2020— 
(1) the population of women veterans 
reached nearly 2,000,000, which represents a 
significant increase from 713,000 women vet-
erans in 1980; and 
(2) women veterans constitute approxi-
mately 10 percent of the total veteran popu-
lation; 
Whereas women are the fastest growing 
group in the veteran population; 
Whereas an estimated 1 in 3 women vet-
erans enrolled in the healthcare system of 
the Department of Veterans Affairs report 
having experienced military sexual trauma 
(MST) during their military service; 
Whereas the United States is proud of, and 
appreciates, the service of all women vet-
erans who have demonstrated great skill, 
sacrifice, and commitment to defending the 
principles upon which the United States was 
founded and which the United States con-
tinues to uphold; 
Whereas women veterans have unique sto-
ries and should be encouraged to share their 
recollections through the Veterans History 
Project, a part of the American Folklife Cen-
ter at the Library of Congress, which has 
worked since 2000, to collect and share the 
personal accounts of wartime veterans in the 
United States; and 
Whereas, by designating June 12, 2022, as 
‘‘Women Veterans Appreciation Day’’, the 
Senate can— 
(1) highlight the growing presence of 
women in the Armed Forces and the Na-
tional Guard; and 
(2) pay respect to women veterans for their 
patriotic military service: Now, therefore, be 
it 
Resolved, That the Senate designates June 
12, 2022, as ‘‘Women Veterans Appreciation 
Day’’ to recognize the service and sacrifices 
of women veterans who have served valiantly 
on behalf of the United States. 
f 
SENATE 
RESOLUTION 
669—CON-
DEMNING THE USE OF HUNGER 
AS A WEAPON OF WAR AND REC-
OGNIZING THE EFFECT OF CON-
FLICT ON GLOBAL FOOD SECU-
RITY AND FAMINE 
Mr. MERKLEY (for himself, Mr. 
YOUNG, Mr. BOOKER, Mr. THUNE, Mr. 
MENENDEZ, and Mr. RISCH) submitted 
the following resolution; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign 
Relations: 
S. RES. 669 
Whereas in 2020, 155,000,000 people experi-
enced crisis levels of food insecurity (Inte-
grated Food Security Phase Classification 
phase 3 or above), with nearly 100,000,000 peo-
ple living in environments where conflict 
was the main driver of hunger, and the 
COVID–19 pandemic has worsened rising 
global food insecurity; 
Whereas conflict acutely impacts vulner-
able populations such as women and chil-
dren, persons with disabilities, refugees, and 
internally displaced persons; 
Whereas armed conflict impacts on food se-
curity can be direct, such as displacement 
from land, destruction of livestock grazing 
areas and fishing grounds, or destruction of 
food stocks and agricultural assets, or indi-
rect, such as disruptions to food systems, 
leading to increased food prices or decreased 
household purchasing power, or decreased ac-
cess to supplies that are necessary for food 
preparation, including water and fuel; 
Whereas conflict disrupts the distribution 
and buying and selling of food within a food 
system due to a shortage of produce, risk, or 
perceived risk of travel, the formation of il-
legal distribution channels and markets, and 
the breakdown of a government’s ability to 
enforce regulations or perform its judiciary 
functions; 
Whereas aerial bombing campaigns tar-
geting 
agricultural 
heartlands, 
scorched 
earth methods of warfare, and the use of 
landmines and other explosive devices have 
direct impacts on the ability of vulnerable 
populations to feed themselves; 
Whereas effective humanitarian response 
in armed conflict, including in the threat of 
conflict-induced famine and food insecurity 
in situations of armed conflict, requires re-
spect for international humanitarian law by 
all parties to the conflict, and allowing and 
facilitating the rapid and unimpeded move-
ment of humanitarian relief to all those in 
need; 
Whereas efforts to restrict humanitarian 
aid and the operational integrity and impar-
tiality of humanitarian aid works and dis-
tribution efforts, including through block-
ades, security impediments, or irregular bu-
reaucratic requirements is another means by 
which combatants employ starvation and 
food deprivation as a weapon of war; and 
Whereas the United States Government 
has the tools to fight global hunger, protect 
lifesaving assistance, and promote the pre-
vention of conflict, including through the 
Global Fragility Act of 2019 (title V of divi-
sion J of Public Law 116–94), the Global Food 
Security Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–195), and 
the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018 
(Public Law 115–334), and has the potential to 
hold accountable those using hunger as a 
weapon of war through the Global Magnitsky 
Human Rights Accountability Act (subtitle 
F of title XII of Public Law 114–328): Now, 
therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) condemns the use of hunger as a weapon 
of war through the— 
(A) starvation of civilians; 
(B) intentional and reckless destruction, 
removing, looting, or rendering useless ob-
jects necessary for food production and dis-
tribution such as farmland, markets, mills, 
food processing and storage areas, foodstuffs, 
crops, livestock, agricultural assets, water-
ways, water systems, drinking water instal-
lations and supplies, and irrigation works; 
(C) denial of humanitarian access and the 
deprivation of objects indispensable to peo-
ple’s survival, such as food supplies and nu-
trition resources; and 
(D) willful interruption of market systems 
to affected populations in need in conflict 
environments by preventing travel and ma-
nipulating currency exchange; and 
(2) calls on the United States Government 
to— 
(A) prioritize diplomatic efforts to call out 
and address instances where hunger and in-
tentional deprivation of food is being uti-
lized as a weapon of war, including efforts to 
ensure that security operations do not un-
dermine livelihoods of local populations to 
minimize civilian harm; 
(B) continue efforts to address severe food 
insecurity through humanitarian response 
efforts, including in-kind food assistance, 
vouchers, and other flexible modalities; 
(C) ensure existing interagency strategies, 
crisis response efforts, and ongoing programs 
consider, integrate, and adapt to address 
conflict by utilizing crisis modifiers in 
United States Agency for International De-
velopment programming to respond to rapid 
shocks and stress such as the willful tar-
geting of food systems; and 
(D) ensure that the use of hunger as a 
weapon of war is considered within the em-
ployment of tools to hold individuals, gov-
ernments, militias, or entities responsible 
such as the Global Magnitsky Human Rights 
Accountability Act (22 U.S.C. 2656), where 
appropriate, and taking into consideration 
the need for humanitarian exemptions and 
the protection of lifesaving assistance. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 5076. Mr. SCHUMER proposed an 
amendment to the bill H.R. 3967, to improve 
health care and benefits for veterans exposed 
to toxic substances, and for other purposes. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 5076. Mr. SCHUMER proposed an 
amendment to the bill H.R. 3967, to im-
prove health care and benefits for vet-
erans exposed to toxic substances, and 
for other purposes; as follows: 
At the end add the following: 
SEC. ll. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
This Act shall take effect on the date that 
is 4 days after the date of enactment of this 
Act. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I have 
eight requests for committees to meet 
during today’s session of the Senate. 
They have the approval of the Majority 
and Minority Leaders. 
Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 
5(a) of the Standing Rules of the Sen-
ate, the following committees are au-
thorized to meet during today’s session 
of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL 
RESOURCES 
The Committee on Energy and Nat-
ural Resources is authorized to meet 
during the session of the Senate on 
Thursday, June 9, 2022, at 10 a.m., to 
conduct a hearing. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS 
The Committee on Foreign Relations 
is authorized to meet during the ses-
sion of the Senate on Thursday, June 9, 
2022, at 9:30 a.m., to conduct a business 
meeting. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND 
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS 
The Committee on Homeland Secu-
rity and Governmental Affairs is au-
thorized to meet during the session of 
the Senate on Thursday, June 9, 2022, 
at 10:15 a.m., to conduct a hearing. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY 
The Committee on the Judiciary is 
authorized to meet during the session 
of the Senate on Thursday, June 9, 
2022, at 9 a.m., to conduct an executive 
business meeting. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON COMMODITIES, RISK 
MANAGEMENT, AND TRADE 
The Subcommittee on Commodities, 
Risk Management, and Trade of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:45 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00023
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A09JN6.038
S09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 58-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S2898 
June 9, 2022 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, 
and Forestry is authorized to meet dur-
ing the session of the Senate on Thurs-
day, June 9, 2022, at 11 a.m., to conduct 
a hearing. 
SUBCOMMITTEE
ON
CHEMICAL
SAFETY, WASTE 
MANAGEMENT, ENVIRONMENTAL JUSTICE, AND 
REGULATORY OVERSIGHT 
The Subcommittee on Chemical Safe-
ty, Waste Management, Environmental 
Justice, and Regulatory Oversight of 
the Committee on Environment and 
Public Works is authorized to meet 
during the session of the Senate on 
Thursday, June 9, 2022, at 10 a.m., to 
conduct a hearing. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON COMMUNICATIONS, MEDIA, 
AND BROADBAND 
The Subcommittee on Communica-
tions, Media, and Broadband of the 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation is authorized to meet 
during the session of the Senate on 
Thursday, June 9, 2022, at 10 a.m., to 
conduct a hearing. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON EUROPE AND REGIONAL 
SECURITY COOPERATION 
The Subcommittee on Europe and 
Regional Security Cooperation of the 
Committee on Foreign Relations is au-
thorized to meet during the session of 
the Senate on Thursday, June 9, 2022, 
at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing. 
f 
ORDERS FOR MONDAY, JUNE 13, 
2022 
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the 
Senate completes its business today, it 
adjourn until 3 p.m. on Monday, June 
13; and that following the prayer and 
pledge, the morning hour be deemed 
expired, the Journal of proceedings be 
approved to date, the time for the two 
leaders be reserved for their use later 
in the day, and morning business be 
closed; that upon the conclusion of 
morning business, the Senate resume 
consideration of Calendar No. 388, H.R. 
3967; further, that the cloture motions 
filed during today’s session ripen at 
5:30 p.m. on Monday. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY, 
JUNE 13, 2022, AT 3 P.M. 
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-
fore the Senate, I ask that it stand ad-
journed under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 3:48 p.m., adjourned until Monday, 
June 13, 2022, at 3 p.m. 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS 
Executive nominations confirmed by 
the Senate June 9, 2022: 
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES 
SAMUEL R. BAGENSTOS, OF MICHIGAN, TO BE GENERAL 
COUNSEL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN 
SERVICES. 
FEDERAL RETIREMENT THRIFT INVESTMENT 
BOARD 
DANA KATHERINE BILYEU, OF NEVADA, TO BE A MEM-
BER OF THE FEDERAL RETIREMENT THRIFT INVEST-
MENT BOARD FOR A TERM EXPIRING OCTOBER 11, 2023. 
LEONA M. BRIDGES, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE A MEMBER 
OF THE FEDERAL RETIREMENT THRIFT INVESTMENT 
BOARD FOR A TERM EXPIRING OCTOBER 11, 2023. 
STACIE OLIVARES, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE A MEMBER 
OF THE FEDERAL RETIREMENT THRIFT INVESTMENT 
BOARD FOR A TERM EXPIRING SEPTEMBER 25, 2024. 
MICHAEL F. GERBER, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE A 
MEMBER OF THE FEDERAL RETIREMENT THRIFT IN-
VESTMENT BOARD FOR A TERM EXPIRING SEPTEMBER 
25, 2022. 
MICHAEL F. GERBER, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE A 
MEMBER OF THE FEDERAL RETIREMENT THRIFT IN-
VESTMENT BOARD FOR A TERM EXPIRING SEPTEMBER 
25, 2026. 
THE JUDICIARY 
ROBERT STEVEN HUIE, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE UNITED 
STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT 
OF CALIFORNIA. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:45 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00024
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 9801
E:\CR\FM\A09JN6.043
S09JNPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 59-
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E603 
June 9, 2022 
CONGRATULATING 
ANNIE 
WIRTH 
ON 
HER 
WIN 
AT 
THE 
IHSA 
STATE CHAMPIONSHIP IN LONG 
JUMP 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, June 9, 2022 
Mrs. BUSTOS. Madam Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize Annie Wirth, a junior from Gen-
eseo High School, who won first place at the 
Illinois High School Association (IHSA) State 
Championship in Long Jump. 
Annie’s win at the IHSA Girls Track and 
Field State Championship can be summed up 
by shattered records and a team trophy. With 
the bar set at 5 feet, 10 inches, Annie began 
her attempt with a slight jump before sprinting 
at the bar and bending around it nearly six 
feet in the air. She knew that jump would set 
a new record, and the height of the jump was 
the tallest out of any of the three classes. 
Annie medaled again after a 17-foot, 73⁄4 leap, 
placing third in that competition. She also 
placed fifth in the 300m hurdles, running 45.35 
in the rain. As a former athlete, I commend 
Annie for her dedication to her team and to 
her sport and am proud of how far that has 
taken her. 
Annie’s athletic success is remarkable. I am 
incredibly proud to serve Illinois’ 17th Con-
gressional District and student-athletes like 
Annie Wirth. Madam Speaker, I would like to 
formally congratulate Annie Wirth again, the Il-
linois High School Association State Cham-
pion in Long Jump. 
f 
SALEM AMERICAN LEGION BAND 
HON. JEFFERSON VAN DREW 
OF NEW JERSEY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, June 9, 2022 
Mr. VAN DREW. Madam Speaker, last 
month, I had the pleasure of attending the 
75th birthday celebration of the Salem Amer-
ican Legion Band. The Salem American Le-
gion Band was started in 1947 by World War 
II veterans. Today, the band is comprised of 
young musicians, both veterans and non-vet-
erans, from all over Salem County, as well as 
neighboring South Jersey counties. The Salem 
American Legion Band performs two major 
concerts each year. In May, they have their 
Spring Veterans Concert, where they honor 
and recognize our nation’s veterans for their 
service. Then, in the winter, the band hosts 
their Christmas concert. In addition to their 
semi-annual concerts, the American Legion 
Band performs at various events around the 
South Jersey area. Congratulations to the 
band on their 75th year and thank you to our 
veterans for their brave service. God Bless the 
Salem American Legion Band, and God Bless 
our United States of America. 
HONORING JEFFERSON COUNTY’S 
230TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. TIM BURCHETT 
OF TENNESSEE 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, June 9, 2022 
Mr. BURCHETT. Madam Speaker, today, I 
rise to celebrate the 230th anniversary of Jef-
ferson County, Tennessee. 
Governor William Blount formed Jefferson 
County in 1792 from land that was formerly 
part of the Southwest Territories, and it was 
one of the few counties created before Ten-
nessee became the 16th state in 1796. 
Davy Crockett, one of our nation’s most 
prominent 
frontiersman, 
called 
Jefferson 
County home for 15 years and represented 
Tennessee in the U.S. House of Representa-
tives. During his residence in Jefferson Coun-
ty, Davy Crockett married his wife, Polly Fin-
ley, in 1806 at the Finley Homeplace. 
Today, Jefferson County is home to many 
small businesses, abundant farmlands, and in-
credibly kind and wonderful residents. It is 
also home to several academic institutes, such 
as Carson-Newman University, that are shap-
ing the minds of our future leaders. 
I am proud to represent Jefferson County 
and its residents in the U.S. House of Rep-
resentatives, and it is my honor to recognize 
Jefferson County’s 230 years of rich history. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 70TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE FOUNDING OF THE 
UNITED STATES ARMY SPECIAL 
FORCES 
AND 
HONORING 
THE 
‘‘FATHER 
OF 
THE 
SPECIAL 
FORCES’’, COLONEL AARON BANK 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, June 9, 2022 
Mr. HUDSON. Madam Speaker, on Sunday, 
June 19, 2022, we celebrate the 70th anniver-
sary of the United States Army Special 
Forces—the most versatile Special Operations 
soldiers in the world. 
Since their establishment in 1952, Special 
Forces soldiers have distinguished themselves 
globally and continue to go above and beyond 
the call of duty to defend the United States in 
combat theaters worldwide. However, due to 
the covert nature of many of their missions, 
both the measure of their sacrifice and their 
contribution to freedom here and abroad may 
never be known. 
I hope all Americans will join me in cele-
brating their 70th anniversary and thanking 
them for giving more to this country than could 
ever be repaid and perhaps, could ever be 
measured. 
In valor, courage, and fidelity, the Special 
Forces are the world’s finest fighting force, 
and I am thankful that they are in the business 
of protecting the United States of America and 
its citizens. 
I would also like to extend my appreciation 
to Colonel Aaron Bank, the founder and first 
commander of the Special Forces. After World 
War II, it was clear there was a place for high-
ly trained unconventional forces. Colonel Bank 
began working to convince the U.S. Army to 
adopt a permanent unconventional warfare 
force. After tireless efforts, the U.S. Army 
launched its first Special Forces unit, the 10th 
Special Forces Group (Airborne), based at 
Fort Bragg, North Carolina, with Colonel Bank 
as its first commander. 
Since then, the U.S. Army Special Forces 
has spawned special operations units from the 
other military branches such as the Navy 
SEALS, Air Force Combat Controllers, and the 
Marines’ Force Recon. 
We have Colonel Bank to thank for empha-
sizing the strategic and tactical importance of 
such units, which he modeled in designing, 
implementing, and commanding the Army’s 
first Special Forces unit. 
I consider it an honor and privilege to par-
ticipate in recognizing both his contribution 
and the legacy of his vision and foresight, the 
United States Special Forces. 
My most sincere gratitude goes out to Colo-
nel Bank and all Green Berets as they cele-
brate the 70th anniversary of the U.S. Army 
Special Forces. 
f 
NICHOLAS GEORGE 
HON. JEFFERSON VAN DREW 
OF NEW JERSEY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, June 9, 2022 
Mr. VAN DREW. Madam Speaker, last 
month, I attended Nicholas George’s Eagle 
Scout Court of Honor. Nicholas is a junior at 
Ocean City High School and a member of Boy 
Scout Troop 79 in Upper Township. For his 
Eagle Scout project, he created a permanent 
memorial honoring Marienus J. Segeren (Mar- 
e-en J. Seg-e-ren), a trooper who died serving 
the New Jersey community in 1971. He de-
cided to create this memorial because he has 
a strong interest in pursuing law enforcement 
as a future career path. Nicholas planned the 
project, solicited the funding, organized the 
labor groups, and installed the memorial all on 
his own. In addition, he presented the excess 
of funds that he obtained for the memorial to 
the New Jersey State Police Survivors of the 
Triangle to assist in the rebuilding of the lives 
of surviving families of law enforcement offi-
cers killed in the line of duty. Nicholas is a 
very special young man with high ideals. He 
should be proud of his contributions to the law 
enforcement community in New Jersey, and I 
wish him the best of luck in pursuing his own 
career in law enforcement. God Bless Nich-
olas, and God Bless our America. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:26 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A09JN8.001
E09JNPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 60-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E604 
June 9, 2022 
HONORING LT. COL. COURTNEY 
KILUK 
HON. C.A. DUTCH RUPPERSBERGER 
OF MARYLAND 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, June 9, 2022 
Mr. RUPPERSBERGER. Madam Speaker, I 
rise to acknowledge the exemplary service of 
Lieutenant Colonel Courtney Kiluk as an Army 
Congressional Fellow and Army Legislative Li-
aison. Lieutenant Colonel Kiluk is transitioning 
from her current assignment to taking com-
mand of the Army Aviation Battalion-Japan. 
A native of St. Louis, Missouri, Lieutenant 
Colonel Kiluk was commissioned as a Second 
Lieutenant in Aviation from the Purdue Univer-
sity ROTC program. She also earned a Mas-
ter’s Degree in Organizational Business and 
Security Management from Webster Univer-
sity, and a Master’s Degree in Legislative Af-
fairs from George Washington University. 
Lieutenant Colonel Kiluk has served in a 
broad range of assignments during her 18 
years as an Army officer, including Platoon 
Leader at Hunter Army Airfield in Savannah, 
Georgia; 
Company 
Commander 
at 
Fort 
Belvoir, Virginia, Korea and Hickam Army Air-
field, Hawaii; Brigade Executive Officer at Fort 
Belvoir, Virginia, and Legislative Liaison in 
Washington, D.C. She also has served two 
combat deployments in Iraq and one combat 
tour in Afghanistan. 
I have had the privilege of working directly 
with Lieutenant Colonel Kiluk, first as a fellow 
in my Capitol Hill office from 2017 until 2018. 
Her professionalism, performance and commit-
ment to the mission, as both a fellow and liai-
son, are in keeping with the highest traditions 
of military service and made a lasting impres-
sion to both Members and staff of the United 
States Congress. Throughout her career, Lieu-
tenant Colonel Kiluk has positively impacted 
soldiers, peers and superiors alike. 
On a personal level, I have had the honor 
of also meeting Lieutenant Colonel Kiluk’s 
family, who, as with all American military fami-
lies, share her selfless commitment to our 
country. I thank her husband, Josh, as well as 
her children, Andrew and Luke, for their sac-
rifices made in supporting her service to our 
country, 
Madam Speaker, it has been a genuine 
pleasure to have worked with Lieutenant Colo-
nel Kiluk since the second session of the 
113th Congress. Our country has benefited 
from her extraordinary leadership, judgment 
and passion for the Army profession. It is with 
great appreciation that I recognize and com-
mend Lieutenant Colonel Kiluk for her service 
to our country and wish her all the best as she 
continues her service in the United States 
Army. 
f 
HONORING 
THE 
100TH 
ANNIVER-
SARY OF DISABLED AMERICAN 
VETERANS 
HON. JERRY McNERNEY 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, June 9, 2022 
Mr. McNERNEY. Madam Speaker, I ask my 
colleagues to join me in recognizing the Dis-
abled American Veterans on the 100th anni-
versary of its founding. 
In 1920, Judge Robert Marx, a disabled vet-
eran from World War I, convened a group of 
veterans in Cincinnati, Ohio to form the Dis-
abled American Veterans of the World War, or 
DAVWW. The DAVWW spoke for the hun-
dreds of thousands of veterans who were ren-
dered disabled during their service. 
In 1932, Congress granted a federal charter 
to DAVWW, establishing it as the official voice 
of disabled veterans. In 1943, with the coming 
of another world war, the organization short-
ened its name to Disabled American Veterans, 
or DAV. 
Disabled American Veterans has been 
among the leading organizations in advocating 
for legislation that improves the treatment of 
disabled veterans. Filing claims, providing 
rides, creating job placement programs, and 
advocating for legislation are just some of the 
ways 
Disabled 
American 
Veterans 
have 
helped our wounded warriors return to full, 
productive lives in our communities. 
Veterans who have sacrificed so much to 
protect our way of life, deserve our admiration, 
respect, and support. I commend the Disabled 
American Veterans’ commitment to our Na-
tion’s veterans and invite my colleagues to join 
me in honoring Disabled American Veterans 
and its century of service. 
f 
CHRISTOPHER LEMON 
HON. JEFFERSON VAN DREW 
OF NEW JERSEY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, June 9, 2022 
Mr. VAN DREW. Madam Speaker, last 
month, I had the pleasure of attending Chris-
topher Lemon’s Eagle Scout Court of Honor. 
Christopher belongs to Troop 1079 of Seaville, 
South Jersey. For his Eagle Scout project, he 
created and gifted Shore Medical Center over 
200 wooden hearts for their memorial recog-
nizing COVID–19 patients who recovered in 
their hospital. Christopher painted the hearts 
with Shore Medical Center’s colors, purple and 
white, and put them on posts. The posts were 
placed in the front lawn of the center and re-
sided there for several weeks during the sum-
mer of 2021. This young man should be proud 
of his contributions to the memorial and I wish 
him the best of luck in his future endeavors. 
God Bless Christopher, and God Bless our 
America. 
f 
HONORING KNOX COUNTY’S 230TH 
ANNIVERSARY 
HON. TIM BURCHETT 
OF TENNESSEE 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, June 9, 2022 
Mr. BURCHETT. Madam Speaker, today, I 
rise to celebrate the 230th Anniversary of 
Knox County, Tennessee. 
Governor William Blount formed Knox Coun-
ty in 1792 before Tennessee became a state, 
and Tennessee’s first Governor and founding 
father, John Sevier, called Knox County home 
during his time in office. 
Today, Knox County is home to many small 
businesses and large companies, abundant 
farmlands, and a community of the kindest 
folks you could ever meet. It also holds sev-
eral academic institutes that are shaping the 
minds of our future leaders. Tennessee’s flag-
ship university, the University of Tennessee 
Knoxville, was founded in Knox County in 
1794 as Blount College. It also became one of 
our nation’s first co-educational education col-
leges when it admitted five female students in 
1804. The University of Tennessee is the alma 
mater of notable alumni like NFL legend Pey-
ton Manning and American astronaut Scott 
Kelly. 
I was proud to serve Knox County as its 
mayor for eight years, and I’m equally proud 
to represent these folks today in our Nation’s 
capital. It is my honor to celebrate Knox Coun-
ty for 230 impactful years of history. 
f 
HONORING MIKE KRZYZEWSKI 
HON. DAVID E. PRICE 
OF NORTH CAROLINA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, June 9, 2022 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Madam 
Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Coach 
Mike Krzyzewski of Duke University on his re-
tirement. Blue Devils everywhere are proud of 
his remarkable legacy, a historic career that 
has seen Coach Krzyzewski win five national 
titles and five Olympic gold medals. 
I previously taught at Duke and have rep-
resented the campus and Durham for a num-
ber of years. I know firsthand of Mike 
Krzyzewski’s character and integrity. He is not 
only a world-class coach; he is also a com-
mitted educator who has trained and inspired 
his players to succeed in whatever they under-
take in life. Over his career, his players 
earned a combined 81 All-ACC Academic 
Team honors. 
A native of Chicago, Coach Krzyzewski, af-
fectionately known as ‘‘Coach K,’’ began his 
46 year-long coaching career at the United 
States Military Academy before becoming the 
longtime coach at Duke. Over his 42 years as 
their head coach, he garnered three Naismith 
Hall of Fame Coach Awards, 15 ACC cham-
pionships, 13 Final Four appearances, and 
five NCAA Division I national championships. 
Coach Mike Krzyzewski’s 1,000th career 
victory came on a Sunday afternoon in New 
York City at Madison Square Garden against 
the Red Storm of St. John’s University, sur-
passing his former Coach Bob Knight and es-
tablishing himself as the winningest coach in 
basketball history and becoming the first head 
coach with a four-figure win total. 
With 1,129 of Duke’s 2,246 all-time victories 
coming under Coach K, he holds claim to the 
NCAA record for most wins by a coach at one 
school and has presided over more than half 
of all Duke men’s basketball victories. Coach 
K is a five-time Olympic gold medal winner— 
in 1984 and 1992 as Team USA’s assistant 
coach, and in 2008, 2012, and 2016 as its 
head coach. Krzyzewski has consistently 
made history by winning. 
Mike Krzyzewski’s accomplishments are im-
pressive by any measure. Equally as impres-
sive, though, is his work off the basketball 
court and commitment to his local community. 
I am proud to have collaborated directly with 
Coach K, and his wife Mickie, in securing fed-
eral support for what became the Emily 
Krzyzewski Family Life Center, which opened 
in Durham in 2006. Named after his mother, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:26 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A09JN8.006
E09JNPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 61-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E605 
June 9, 2022 
the Center has helped to revitalize Durham’s 
West End neighborhood and provide a safe 
and positive environment for disadvantaged 
children and families from the community. Its 
educational programs are unusually intensive, 
taking 
students 
from 
elementary 
school 
through college and equipping them with skills 
to successfully complete higher education, 
connect to promising careers, and become 
agents of change in their communities. 
Beyond the Center, Coach K has been ac-
tive in the Jimmy V Foundation for Cancer Re-
search, named after his long-time friend and 
North Carolina State University Coach, Jim 
Valvano, Duke Children’s Hospital, the Brain 
Tumor Center at Duke, and many other en-
deavors that have strengthened the commu-
nity. 
Over the course of his career, Coach K built 
a legacy that few in the history of basketball 
can compare with—his career is nothing short 
of astonishing. On behalf of Duke University 
and basketball fans everywhere, I ask all of 
my colleagues to join me in congratulating 
Coach Mike Krzyzewski on his historic career 
and to wish Mike, Mickie, and the rest of the 
Krzyzewski family all the best on their next 
journey. 
f 
MICHELLE PURDY 
HON. JEFFERSON VAN DREW 
OF NEW JERSEY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, June 9, 2022 
Mr. VAN DREW. Madam Speaker, last 
month, I had the pleasure of honoring Michelle 
Purdy with the Republican of the Year award. 
Michelle is a lifelong Galloway, South Jersey 
resident who runs several South Jersey busi-
nesses with her husband, Don. In her spare 
time, she served as the President of the Fam-
ily School Association for 12 years, as well as 
became a member of the Galloway Township 
Education Foundation. In 2018, Michelle won 
both the Outstanding leadership Award and 
the Citizen Advocate for Education Award. 
She also serves as an executive board mem-
ber of the Absegami High School softball pro-
gram. Then, in 2021, Michelle became the 
President of the Galloway Township Repub-
lican League, where she was able to embrace 
her passion for Republican values. Michelle is 
a true conservative, and it was my honor to 
award her with the Republican of the Year 
award. God Bless Michelle, and God Bless 
our America. 
f 
RECOGNIZING 
BWXT 
WORKERS 
FOR THEIR DEDICATION TO A 
SAFE WORKPLACE 
HON. DAVID P. JOYCE 
OF OHIO 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, June 9, 2022 
Mr. JOYCE of Ohio. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to highlight a significant milestone for a 
group of men and women in my district who 
work on some of the most complex compo-
nents of our nation’s nuclear reactors. With 
their unmatched skills and diligence, the men 
and women at the BWXT facility in Euclid, 
Ohio have surpassed five million work hours 
without a single accident. 
While they belong to a workforce that is so 
accustomed to safety, those who work at the 
Euclid plant have jobs that demand exacting 
requirements and have unforgiving tolerances. 
They are producing the control rods used in 
the Navy’s reactors that power our submarines 
and aircraft carriers. These hardworking Buck-
eyes follow in a long line of great Americans 
fabricating our Navy’s powerplants as far back 
as the Great White Fleet. Their commitment to 
delivering flawless equipment to our Navy is 
among the many reasons the United States 
remains unmatched on, and underneath, the 
seas. 
To surpass the equivalent of 570 years with-
out a single accident at a facility such as 
BWXT’s in Euclid speaks to the highly skilled 
and trained workforce employed there. Madam 
Speaker, please join me in congratulating 
these workers on such an impressive mile-
stone and thanking them for their contributions 
to our nation’s technical and advanced manu-
facturing operations. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. STEPHANIE N. MURPHY 
OF FLORIDA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, June 9, 2022 
Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Madam Speaker, 
I was unable to vote on Roll Call No. 253 on 
June 8, 2022. 
Had I been present, I would have voted 
YEA on Roll Call No. 253. 
f 
GREG SPEED 
HON. JEFFERSON VAN DREW 
OF NEW JERSEY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, June 9, 2022 
Mr. VAN DREW. Madam Speaker, last 
month, I attended the retirement ceremony of 
Greg Speed, who was the CEO of Cape 
Counseling in South Jersey. Greg worked in 
the behavioral health sector for 48 years. He 
served at Cape Counseling Services for 37 
years, where he worked as the Unit Director of 
Screening and Specialized Services from 1982 
to 1995. Then, in 1995, Greg became the Vice 
President of Mental Health Services until 2000 
when he became the CEO. At Cape Coun-
seling, his leadership, direction, and vision 
were essential in completing a successful and 
seamless merger between Cape Counseling 
and Acenda. At Acenda, Greg continued his 
decade-long career and became the Chief In-
tegration Officer during the merger. In addi-
tion, he also served and chaired multiple 
boards including the Human Services Advisory 
Committee, the Cape Alliance Steering Com-
mittee, the Health Community Coalition, and 
the Long-term recovery group after Hurricane 
Sandy. Greg should be proud of his notable 
career in the behavioral health sector, and I 
am glad I was able to attend his retirement 
ceremony. God Bless Greg, and God Bless 
our United States of America. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SCOTT FITZGERALD 
OF WISCONSIN 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, June 9, 2022 
Mr. FITZGERALD. Madam Speaker, due to 
a family commitment, I was unable to be re-
corded for votes on Thursday, June 9, 2022. 
Had I been present, I would have voted NAY 
on Roll Call No. 255. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JANICE D. SCHAKOWSKY 
OF ILLINOIS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, June 9, 2022 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Madam Speaker, on 
June 8, 2022, I was otherwise detained and 
absent from the vote on Roll Call No. 246. 
Had I been present, I would have voted: YEA 
on Roll Call No. 246, H.R. 7352, the PPP and 
Bank Fraud Enforcement Harmonization Act. 
f 
WILLIAM PROBASCO 
HON. JEFFERSON VAN DREW 
OF NEW JERSEY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, June 9, 2022 
Mr. VAN DREW. Madam Speaker, last 
month, I had the honor of attending William 
‘‘Liam’’ Probasco’s Eagle Scout Court of 
Honor ceremony. Liam is a senior at Cum-
berland Christian School and plans on attend-
ing Asbury University beginning this fall. He is 
a member of Daretown Troop 60 and worked 
very hard to attain his Eagle Scout ranking. 
For his Eagle Scout project, Liam built a 40- 
foot walkway bridge at Jersey Oaks Camp in 
Canton, South Jersey. He decided to build this 
walkway because access to the large field at 
the campground was greatly limited by ravine 
and hedgerow. The walkway opened up this 
field, which makes up 35 percent of the Jersey 
Oaks Camp property. Now, because of Liam’s 
walkway bridge, the camp is planning to win-
terize the facility and add more buildings so 
that they can better serve their campers. Liam 
should be proud of his service to South Jer-
sey, and it was my honor to have had the 
honor to attend his Court of Honor ceremony. 
God Bless Liam, and God Bless our United 
States of America. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. FRED KELLER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, June 9, 2022 
Mr. KELLER. Madam Speaker, had I been 
present, I would have voted YEA on Rollcall 
No. 254. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:51 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A09JN8.010
E09JNPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 62-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E606 
June 9, 2022 
CELEBRATING 
THE 
CAREER 
OF 
LIEUTENANT 
LONNIE 
T. 
VINESETT, JR. 
HON. RALPH NORMAN 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, June 9, 2022 
Mr. NORMAN. Madam Speaker, I rise today 
to celebrate the outstanding career of Lieuten-
ant Lonnie T. Vinesett, Jr., a dedicated com-
munity leader and honorable police officer. 
Known as ‘‘Bubba’’ or ‘‘Terry’’ to his friends 
and family, Lt. Vinesett grew up in Indian 
Land. At the age of 14, he entered the Cadet 
Program at the Fort Mill Police Department. 
Shortly after, he became a security guard for 
Mercy Hospital. At the age of 21, Lt. Vinesett 
was hired by the Lancaster County Sheriff’s 
Office, where he began his police career. Dur-
ing his time with the Lancaster County Sher-
iff’s Office, he proudly served the same com-
munity he grew up in and loved deeply. 
In 1999, Lt. Vinesett was hired by the York 
County Sheriff’s Office—his ultimate goal 
when he began his police career. During his 
tenure with the York County Sheriff’s Office, 
he experienced major milestones in his career 
and 
received 
numerous 
accolades 
and 
awards. For example, in 2007, Lt. Vinesett 
was working on Operation Rolling Thunder, a 
multi-jurisdiction 
operation 
based 
in 
Spartanburg, during which he made a traffic 
stop on a vehicle traveling from Atlanta to 
Washington, D.C. Lt. Vinesett found a secret 
compartment with 35 kilos of cocaine—the 
fourth largest interdiction drug stop in South 
Carolina state history. 
Later in his career, Lt. Vinesett attended a 
Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) training 
on combatting sex trafficking. Shortly after this 
training, he and then Master Deputy Phillip Al-
dridge were monitoring a known website for 
prostitution in the Charlotte area and observed 
a female that appeared to be underage. The 
two quickly began their operation and, in con-
sultation with the FBI, investigated and 
charged the man involved. This was the first 
case of a successful prosecution and convic-
tion for sex trafficking of a child in South Caro-
lina state history. Lt. Vinesett and Master Dep-
uty Phillip Aldridge received the Merit Award 
from Sheriff Tolson and a recommendation 
from then FBI Director James Comey. 
Lt. Vinesett consistently goes above and be-
yond the call of duty. In addition to these well- 
deserved accolades, he has dedicated count-
less hours to volunteering for community 
events and serving the school district in which 
he lives. Lt. Vinesett leads by example and 
has served as a guide for his children, family, 
and friends. He has never met a stranger, and 
his colleagues describe him as a ‘‘mentor and 
leader’’ to all. These stories are not outliers for 
a day in the life of Lt. Vinesett. His sense of 
service and selflessness is above reproach, 
leading him to earn the respect of law enforce-
ment and citizens all over the state. His 25- 
year career is a testament to all the good our 
men and women in blue do for our commu-
nities. On behalf of the 5th District of South 
Carolina, I thank Lt. Vinesett for his continued 
sacrifice and service, and I congratulate him 
on his well-deserved retirement. 
HUNTER CLARK 
HON. JEFFERSON VAN DREW 
OF NEW JERSEY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, June 9, 2022 
Mr. VAN DREW. Madam Speaker, last 
month, I had the honor of presenting Hunter 
Clark with Congressional record paperwork 
and a challenge coin at his Eagle Scout Court 
of 
Honor. 
Hunter 
currently 
attends 
St. 
Augustine’s Prep in Richland, South Jersey 
and plans to attend American University in the 
fall. He achieved the Eagle Scout ranking as 
a part of Daretown Troop 60. For his Eagle 
Scout project, Hunter made some improve-
ments to the beach at Camp Edge in Alloway, 
New Jersey. Camp Edge is part of Ranch 
Hope Ministries and provides care and out-
reach to troubled boys in the South Jersey 
community, as well as hosts a camp during 
the summer for kids of all ages. Hunter re-
placed some of the timber boundaries on the 
beach at Camp Edge. In addition, he added 
fishing pole hangers to the beach. Hunter 
should be proud of his service to South Jer-
sey, and I wish him the best of luck in his fu-
ture endeavors at American University. God 
Bless Hunter, and God Bless our United 
States of America. 
f 
PROTECTING OUR KIDS ACT 
SPEECH OF 
HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Wednesday, June 8, 2022 
Ms. MOORE of Wisconsin. Madam Speak-
er, I rise today in support of the Protecting Our 
Kids Act, legislation in response to the gun vi-
olence that is affecting our communities, espe-
cially our children. 
Mr. Speaker, our communities continue to 
be ripped apart by gun violence. In the high- 
profile recent mass shootings in Buffalo, NY 
and Uvalde, TX shootings, 31 lives were lost, 
and many more lives were tossed into turmoil 
because of the actions of armed individuals. It 
is too easy for guns to end up in the wrong 
hands. 
According to the Washington Post, there 
have been 61 mass shootings in the month of 
May alone. It is important that we protect our 
children and our communities from gun vio-
lence. 
What is more important than protecting our 
children? Which is why I again call on the 
Senate to act on the commonsense legislation 
the House has already passed to expand 
background checks (H.R. 8) and our bill to 
close the Charleston loophole to help keep 
guns out of the hands of prohibited buyers. 
And this week, the House will consider leg-
islation to put in place effective and common-
sense protections that can help stop gun vio-
lence and contribute to safer communities. 
This includes the bill on the floor today that 
would bar those are under the age 21 from 
purchasing semiautomatic rifles. The legisla-
tion would also largely bar the sale, transfer, 
or possession of large capacity ammunition 
feeding devices, create new gun trafficking 
penalties including for straw purchasers who 
buy guns to pass on to someone who is pro-
hibited from having one, and would strengthen 
regulations against hard to trace ‘‘ghost guns’’ 
that are turning up at more and more crime 
scenes in our communities. 
We must do everything in our power to pro-
tect our children. Our children must be able to 
feel safe in their classrooms. Or the movie 
theater. Or in their place of worship. Our sen-
iors and others must feel safe to go to the gro-
cery store. 
This legislation is a start. But there is more 
that we can and must do, including increasing 
investments in our children and communities 
such as my bill to provide grants to commu-
nity-based organizations to provide deescala-
tion training to help keep conflicts from turning 
violence or escalating in the first place. 
I urge support of this bill. 
f 
CONGRATULATING ALICE SOTELO 
ON 
HER 
WIN 
AT 
THE 
IHSA 
STATE CHAMPIONSHIP IN TRACK 
AND FIELD 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, June 9, 2022 
Mrs. BUSTOS. Madam Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize Alice Sotelo, a junior from Ster-
ling High School who won the Illinois High 
School Association (IHSA) Class 2A State Tri-
ple Jump title. 
Alice won the 2A State Title in the triple 
jump with a final clearance distance of 11.36 
meters, setting a new school record. It was 
also her fourth time setting a new school 
record in the last month. As a former athlete, 
I commend her for her determination and atti-
tude. Alice is an example of the importance of 
dedication and a strong work ethic. I am proud 
to see her represent Sterling so well through-
out the state and the country with her talent 
and passion. 
It is because of student leaders such as 
Alice that I am especially proud to serve Illi-
nois’ 17th Congressional District. Madam 
Speaker, I would like to again formally con-
gratulate Alice Sotelo on her Class 2A State 
Title in the triple jump. 
f 
MATT WESCOTT 
HON. JEFFERSON VAN DREW 
OF NEW JERSEY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, June 9, 2022 
Mr. VAN DREW. Madam Speaker, last 
month, I had the honor of attending Matt 
Wescott’s Eagle Scout Court of Honor cere-
mony. Matt attained his Eagle Scout ranking 
as a member of Boy Scout Troop 60 in 
Daretown, South Jersey. For his Eagle Scout 
project, Matt led some of his fellow scouts in 
building a Gaga Ball pit at Alloway School. 
Gaga Ball is a very popular game with ele-
mentary and middle schoolers in the South 
Jersey community. However, the game needs 
to be played inside of an octagonal shaped 
court, which is why Matt decided to build the 
school a court. This will provide years of en-
tertainment for the Alloway community and 
students. Matt should be proud of his project, 
and it was my honor to have had the oppor-
tunity to recognize him for his service to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:51 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00004
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A09JN8.019
E09JNPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 63-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E607 
June 9, 2022 
South Jersey community. God Bless Matt, and 
God Bless our America. 
f 
HONORING 
PRESIDENT DR. WIL-
LIAM R. HARVEY ON HIS RE-
TIREMENT FROM HAMPTON UNI-
VERSITY 
HON. ROBERT C. ‘‘BOBBY’’ SCOTT 
OF VIRGINIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, June 9, 2022 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Madam Speaker, I 
rise today to pay tribute to Dr. William R. Har-
vey for his 44 years of extraordinary service 
as the president of Hampton University, end-
ing one of the longest serving tenures of any 
sitting college president in our country. 
After obtaining degrees from Talladega Col-
lege, Virginia State University and Harvard 
University, Dr. Harvey became the 12th presi-
dent of Hampton University, then-named 
Hampton Institute, in 1978. A native of Ala-
bama, he looked forward to returning to the 
south and working at an Historically Black Col-
lege & University (HBCU) after receiving his 
doctorate at Harvard. 
Over the course of his legendary tenure, he 
has ensured that Hampton University has re-
mained 
focused 
on 
both 
the 
academic 
achievement and personal development of its 
students. He has remained responsive to the 
needs of his students, building one of the na-
tion’s most premiere institutes of higher edu-
cation, and he has overseen the graduation of 
more than 38,000 students. 
Under Dr. Harvey’s presidency, Hampton 
has built over 30 new buildings, introduced 
over 90 new degree-granting programs, in-
cluding 12 doctorates. The average SAT score 
for accepted students has risen by more than 
300 points during his tenure. Thanks to Dr. 
Harvey’s visionary leadership, Hampton Uni-
versity is home to the world’s largest free-
standing proton beam cancer treatment insti-
tute. It also became the first HBCU to lead a 
NASA mission, launching weather and atmos-
pheric research satellites into space. The uni-
versity’s endowment, which stood at $29 mil-
lion when he became president, has grown 
exponentially under his tenure and now ex-
ceeds $400 million, securing a bright future for 
the university for generations to come. 
Most recently, Dr. Harvey successfully guid-
ed Hampton University through the COVID–19 
pandemic by following the science. Also lead-
ing by example, Dr. Harvey recently opened 
the doors of Hampton for the upcoming sum-
mer semester to refugees displaced by the 
Russian War in Ukraine. 
Aside from his work at Hampton University, 
Dr. Harvey has served on numerous boards, 
including the National Geographic Society, Na-
tional Merit Scholarship Corporation, and Na-
tional Collegiate Athletic Association. He is 
also the sole owner of a plant that bottles 
Pepsi products in Houghton, Michigan. Dr. 
Harvey has been the recipient of many acco-
lades and awards over the years, including the 
Daily Press Citizen of the Year and the Vir-
ginia Center for Inclusive Communities Hu-
manitarian Award. 
Madam Speaker, as the Hampton University 
community gathers this weekend to celebrate 
a truly remarkable leader, I want to congratu-
late Dr. Harvey on 44 years of legendary serv-
ice to Hampton University, the Commonwealth 
of Virginia and the nation. I also want to thank 
Norma Harvey, his wife and partner for over 
50 years, for her countless contributions, and 
their three children—Kelly Renee, William 
Christopher, and Leslie Denise—and five 
grandchildren, Taylor, Gabrielle Lauren, Vic-
toria, and Chloe. I thank Dr. Harvey for his 
decades of service and extend congratulations 
on a well-deserved retirement. 
f 
STOP PRICE GOUGING THE 
MILITARY ACT 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, June 9, 2022 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Madam Speaker, today I 
introduce the ‘‘Stop Price Gouging The Military 
Act.’’ I thank U.S. Senator ELIZABETH WARREN 
(D–MA) for sponsoring the companion legisla-
tion in the United States Senate. 
Our ‘‘Stop Price Gouging The Military Act’’ 
would prevent defense contractors from over-
charging the Department of Defense on equip-
ment parts, closing loopholes in regulations 
that affect taxpayers, American service mem-
bers, and businesses that fairly support mili-
tary readiness. As chair of the Armed Services 
Subcommittee on Readiness, I know how 
much it costs to keep our military ready and 
this bill would ensure that prices for equipment 
parts are fair and defense contractors are re-
warded for quality performance. 
The Truthful Cost or Pricing Data Act re-
quires contractors to provide accurate cost 
and pricing data to the government. However, 
current broad definitions for ‘‘commercial 
items’’ prevent military contracting officers 
from accurately assessing fair prices. While 
prices for these ‘‘commercial items’’ should al-
ready be reasonable because of assumed 
competition in the commercial market, these 
parts are often only sold to the Department of 
Defense or are drastically changed from their 
original commercial counterpart. Some de-
fense contractors can then overcharge the De-
fense Department because there are no mar-
ket checks on the price, and they are not re-
quired to provide accurate data to military con-
tracting officials. 
The Defense Department also pays compa-
nies before work is completed, and money is 
rarely recouped if the contractor is behind 
schedule or work quality is poor. With this 
model, there is no way to incentivize perform-
ance. 
This legislation would strengthen competi-
tion requirements by amending government 
acquisition laws to only waive requirements to 
provide cost or pricing information when there 
is price competition. It would also restore mar-
ket dynamics to the commercial item definition 
by closing loopholes for when a good or serv-
ice has been modified from what is sold on a 
commercial market, create a pilot program to 
tie payments to performance, and require an-
nual disclosure of changes in costs of goods 
sold, gross margins, and pricing strategies. 
Madam Speaker, I encourage all Members 
to cosponsor my ‘‘Stop Price Gouging The 
Military Act’’ and support our service mem-
bers, provide accountability to the taxpayer, 
and reward quality business that support mili-
tary readiness. The legislation I introduce 
today would ensure just that. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, June 9, 2022 
Mr. KEATING. Madam Speaker, I was un-
able to cast a vote during last night’s vote se-
ries. I would have voted to retain Title Ill, 
which is consistent with my voting for the final 
passage of H.R. 7910. Had I been present, I 
would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 239. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. CATHY McMORRIS RODGERS 
OF WASHINGTON 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, June 9, 2022 
Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Madam 
Speaker, I was not present in the House 
Chamber for the vote on Retaining Title II of 
H.R. 7910, Roll Call vote 238. Had I been 
present, I would have voted No on this meas-
ure. 
f 
SPECIAL RECOGNITION OF CHRIS-
TOPHER OAKS AND THE 
20TH 
ANNIVERSARY OF GOOD MORN-
INGS WITH CHRIS OAKS 
HON. ROBERT E. LATTA 
OF OHIO 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, June 9, 2022 
Mr. LATTA. Madam Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize an outstanding individual, Chris-
topher Oaks, from Ohio’s Fifth Congressional 
District who has served his region through his 
radio program, Good Mornings with Chris 
Oaks. Chris has focused his career in radio on 
keeping his community informed and up to 
date on a range of issues. Whether it is news, 
sports, or weather, Chris is on the air pro-
viding the listeners with the information to start 
their day. Chris has always been an influential 
voice on the air in Ohio. In his early career, he 
hosted radio shows in Bellefontaine, Lima, 
Cincinnati, and mornings and afternoons at 
WFIN’s sister-station WKXA. 
Chris joined WFIN in June of 2002. His pro-
gram, Good Mornings with Chris Oaks, quickly 
gained a dedicated following every weekday 
morning. Chris provides in-depth insight on a 
wide range of issues including local and re-
gional concerns as well as relevant state and 
federal issues. During the school year, lis-
teners can rely on Chris to provide the latest 
school delay and closing information, which 
help hundreds of parents to arrange their busy 
schedules. His listeners know they can tune in 
to hear interesting interviews and compelling 
guests every day. Chris also writes a syn-
dicated morning show preparation report 
which is published monthly. 
Madam Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join 
me in celebrating the Twentieth anniversary of 
Christopher Oaks and his radio show Good 
Mornings with Chris Oaks. It is my great 
pleasure 
to 
recognize 
this 
outstanding 
achievement, and I thank Chris for his service 
to our community. On behalf of the people of 
the Fifth Congressional District of Ohio, I wish 
Chris the best in all his future endeavors. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:51 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00005
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A09JN8.023
E09JNPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 64-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E608 
June 9, 2022 
CONGRATULATING 
MATTHEW 
MARCUM ON HIS WIN AT THE 
IHSA STATE CHAMPIONSHIP IN 
TRACK AND FIELD 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, June 9, 2022 
Mrs. BUSTOS. Madam Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize Matthew Marcum, a Senior from 
Rock Falls Township High School, who won 
the Illinois High School Association’s Class 2A 
State Champion in the 300-meter hurdles, run-
ning a 39.59 at the state final. 
Although Matthew began the race for the 
championship on the wrong foot, he managed 
to finish his final year at Rock Falls as a State 
Champion. He posted the fastest time in 
IHSA’s Class 2A State Boys Track & Field 
prelims at 39.73 seconds for the 300-meter 
hurdles. Matthew had qualified for state finals 
in the 300 hurdles last year as well, placing 
sixth in a very tight race. After reaching the 
state final again as a senior, he was deter-
mined to go out on top. In this year’s 2A State 
Championship, he ran even faster, running a 
39.59 on his way to a state championship. As 
a former athlete, I appreciate the fortitude Mat-
thew displayed to achieve his dream of being 
a state champion and commend him for his 
determination and attitude. Matthew is an ex-
ample of the importance of dedication and a 
strong work ethic. I am proud there is such 
young talent in our community, and to see him 
represent Rock Falls so well throughout the 
state. 
It is because of student leaders such as 
Matthew that I am especially proud to serve Il-
linois’ 17th Congressional District. Madam 
Speaker, I would like to again formally con-
gratulate Matthew Marcum a 2A State Cham-
pion in the 300-meter hurdles. 
COMMEMORATING THE 30TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF THE 340B DISCOUNT 
DRUG PROGRAM 
SPEECH OF 
HON. DANNY K. DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Tuesday, June 7, 2022 
Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Madam 
Speaker, I rise in support of the 340B drug 
pricing program in this 30th anniversary year 
of ensuring access to patient care through our 
Nation’s safety net providers. 
The 340B program is critical for safety-net 
providers in my district, including a total of 22 
combined hospitals, and medical centers all of 
which uses its program savings to provide a 
range of services in response to social deter-
minants of health screening, such as 
Food pantries within hospitals; 
Emergency food/meal delivery assistance, 
and pilot programs focused on providing hous-
ing and transportation assistance; and 
Strengthening the health sciences career 
pipeline and educational attainment efforts 
through targeted academic enrichment and 
youth workforce development for more than 
3,000 pre-K thru college students. 
On a personal level, there is the case of 
Erika Aguero who was uninsured when she 
was diagnosed with breast cancer. Erika 
called many places to try and schedule treat-
ment but because of her insurance status, 
providers were unable to help her access af-
fordable care. She thought cancer was going 
to end her life. When Erika called Mount Sinai 
hospital in Chicago the hospital provided her 
access to affordable chemotherapy treatment 
using the hospital’s 340B savings. Mount Sinai 
provided Erika with a 340B-supported discount 
card that enabled her to receive eight cycles 
of intravenous chemo and seven cycles of 
chemo medications. Erika says, ‘‘I felt like I 
had a new opportunity to carry on and keep 
fighting.’’ Today she is healthy and thankful to 
Mount Sinai. 
340B has been vital for 30 years and will 
continue to be vital for decades to come. We 
must protect 340B. It is only fitting that we 
meet today on the 8th day of Black History 
Month. I am pleased to represent the historic 
7th Congressional District, which has been 
central throughout the nation to the progress 
of the poor and underrepresented and under-
served people of color, namely African Ameri-
cans throughout American history: 
It is the location in City of Chicago where 
Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. established his 
northern Freedom Campaign headquarters to 
demonstrate against racial discrimination and 
expose the north’s quality of life disparities in 
1966. 
It is the location of the Illinois Black Panther 
Party 
headquarters 
where 
my 
colleague 
BOBBY L. RUSH risked his life fighting and 
where Chairman Fred Hampton was assas-
sinated while fighting to close quality of life 
disparities for poor black people in 1969. 
Today, it is where there are more hospital 
beds to care for the sick and the poor than 
any other district in the Nation. 
I believe that the 340B Program stands con-
sistently in kindred spirit with the public poli-
cies advocated by President Abraham Lincoln, 
Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., and Chairman Fred 
Hampton. I am pleased to stand in this tradi-
tion with my continued support of this vital pro-
gram which addresses the critical health 
needs of the citizens of the 7th Congressional 
District and indigent populations throughout 
the Nation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:51 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00006
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A09JN8.029
E09JNPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 65-
D633 
Thursday, June 9, 2022 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2875–S2898 
Measures Introduced: Thirteen bills and two reso-
lutions were introduced, as follows: S. 4365–4377, 
and S. Res. 668–669.                                               Page S2893 
Measures Reported: 
S. 138, to waive certain pay limitations for De-
partment of Agriculture and Department of the Inte-
rior employees engaged in emergency wildland fire 
suppression activities, with an amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 117–119) 
H.R. 4363, to establish a daily public reporting 
requirement for covered contract awards of the De-
partment of Homeland Security, with an amendment 
in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 117–120) 
H.R. 6089, to clarify that section 107 of the 
Countering America’s Adversaries Through Sanctions 
Act applies sanctions with respect to unmanned 
combat aerial vehicles following a 2019 change by 
the United Nations providing additional clarity to 
the United Nations Register of Conventional Arms, 
with amendments.                                                     Page S2891 
Measures Considered: 
Honoring Our Pact Act—Agreement: Senate con-
tinued consideration of H.R. 3967, to improve 
health care and benefits for veterans exposed to toxic 
substances, taking action on the following amend-
ments proposed thereto:              Pages S2875–83, S2884–87 
Pending: 
Tester/Moran Amendment No. 5051, in the na-
ture of a substitute.                                                   Page S2875 
Schumer Amendment No. 5065 (to Amendment 
No. 5051), to add an effective date.                Page S2875 
Schumer Amendment No. 5076 (to the text pro-
posed to be stricken by Amendment No. 5051), to 
add an effective date.                                                Page S2887 
A motion was entered to close further debate on 
Tester/Moran Amendment No. 5051 (listed above), 
and, in accordance with the provisions of Rule XXII 
of the Standing Rules of the Senate, and pursuant to 
the unanimous-consent agreement of Thursday, June 
9, 2022, a vote on cloture will occur at 5:30 p.m. 
on Monday, June 13, 2022.                                 Page S2887 
A motion was entered to close further debate on 
the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of 
Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a 
vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of Tester/ 
Moran Amendment No. 5051 (listed above). 
                                                                                            Page S2887 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding that the filing deadline for first-degree 
amendments to Tester/Moran Amendment No. 5051 
(listed above) and the underlying bill be at 4 p.m., 
on Monday, June 13, 2022.                                 Page S2887 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding that Senate resume consideration of the bill 
at approximately 3 p.m., on Monday, June 13, 2022; 
and that the motions to invoke cloture filed on 
Thursday, June 9, 2022 ripen at 5:30 p.m. 
                                                                                            Page S2898 
Executive Reports of Committees: Senate received 
the following executive report of a committee: 
Report to accompany Amendments to the Treaty 
on Fisheries between the Governments of Certain Pa-
cific Island States and the Government of the United 
States of America (Treaty Doc. 115–3) (Ex. Rept. 
117–3).                                                                            Page S2893 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-
lowing nominations: 
By 51 yeas to 46 nays (Vote No. EX. 223), Rob-
ert Steven Huie, of California, to be United States 
District Judge for the Southern District of Cali-
fornia.                                                                               Page S2883 
By 49 yeas to 43 nays (Vote No. EX. 224), Sam-
uel R. Bagenstos, of Michigan, to be General Coun-
sel of the Department of Health and Human Serv-
ices.                                                                                   Page S2884 
Dana Katherine Bilyeu, of Nevada, to be a Mem-
ber of the Federal Retirement Thrift Investment 
Board for a term expiring October 11, 2023. 
Leona M. Bridges, of California, to be a Member 
of the Federal Retirement Thrift Investment Board 
for a term expiring October 11, 2023. 
Stacie Olivares, of California, to be a Member of 
the Federal Retirement Thrift Investment Board for 
a term expiring September 25, 2024. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:58 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D09JN2.REC
D09JNPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 66-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
D634 
June 9, 2022 
Michael F. Gerber, of Pennsylvania, to be a Mem-
ber of the Federal Retirement Thrift Investment 
Board for a term expiring September 25, 2022. 
Michael F. Gerber, of Pennsylvania, to be a Mem-
ber of the Federal Retirement Thrift Investment 
Board for a term expiring September 25, 2026. 
                                                                                    Pages S2887–88 
Messages from the House:                        Pages S2890–91 
Measures Referred:                                                Page S2891 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:               Page S2891 
Executive Reports of Committees:       Pages S2891–93 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages S2893–94 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S2895–97 
Additional Statements:                                Pages S2889–90 
Amendments Submitted:                                   Page S2897 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S2897–98 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. 
(Total—224)                                                         Pages S2883–84 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 3:48 p.m., until 3 p.m. on Monday, June 
13, 2022. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of 
the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page 
S2898.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
AGRICULTURAL TRADE 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Sub-
committee on Commodities, Risk Management, and 
Trade concluded a hearing to examine agricultural 
trade, focusing on priorities and issues facing Amer-
ica’s farmers, after receiving testimony from Neal 
Fisher, North Dakota Wheat Commission, Mandan; 
Gopinath Munisamy, University of Georgia College 
of Agricultural and Environmental Sciences, Athens; 
Karla Baker Thompson, JET Farms Georgia and In-
tegrity Farms, Camilla; and Sheryl Meshke, Associ-
ated Milk Producers Inc., New Ulm, Minnesota, on 
behalf of the National Milk Producers Federation. 
SAVING SOCIAL SECURITY 
Committee on the Budget: Committee concluded a hear-
ing to examine saving Social Security, after receiving 
testimony from Stephen C. Goss, Chief Actuary, So-
cial Security Administration; and Nancy J. Altman, 
and Alex Lawson, both of Social Security Works, 
Robert Roach, Jr., Alliance for Retired Americans, 
Maya MacGuineas, Committee for a Responsible 
Federal Budget, and Shai Akabas, Bipartisan Policy 
Center, all of Washington, D.C. 
NATIONAL TELECOMMUNICATIONS AND 
INFORMATION ADMINISTRATION 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-
committee 
on 
Communications, 
Media, 
and 
Broadband concluded an oversight hearing to exam-
ine the National Telecommunications and Informa-
tion Administration, after receiving testimony from 
Alan Davidson, Assistant Secretary for Communica-
tions and Information, National Telecommunications 
and Information Administration, Department of 
Commerce. 
USFS BUDGET 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee 
concluded a hearing to examine the President’s pro-
posed budget request for fiscal year 2023 for the 
Forest Service, after receiving testimony from Randy 
Moore, Chief, Forest Service, Department of Agri-
culture. 
TOXIC SUBSTANCES CONTROL ACT 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: Sub-
committee on Transportation and Infrastructure con-
cluded a hearing to examine S. 4244, to amend the 
Toxic Substances Control Act to prohibit the manu-
facture, processing, use, and distribution in com-
merce of commercial asbestos and mixtures and arti-
cles containing commercial asbestos, after receiving 
testimony from Linda Reinstein, Asbestos Disease 
Awareness Organization, Redondo Beach, California; 
Danny Whu, International Association of Fire Fight-
ers, and Robert J. Simon, American Chemistry 
Council, both of Washington, D.C.; and David Lee 
Boone, Copiah Water Association, Hazlehurst, Mis-
sissippi. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee ordered fa-
vorably reported the following business items: 
S. 4171, to reauthorize the Trafficking Victims 
Protection Act of 2000, with an amendment in the 
nature of a substitute; 
S. 1160, to prioritize efforts of the Department of 
State to combat international trafficking in covered 
synthetic drugs and new psychoactive substances, 
with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
S. 3211, to continue the whole-of-government ap-
proach to ending global wildlife poaching and traf-
ficking by permanently reauthorizing the activities 
of the Presidential Task Force on Wildlife Traf-
ficking, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-
stitute; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:58 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D09JN2.REC
D09JNPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 67-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
D635 
June 9, 2022 
S. 3861, to require the Secretary of State to sub-
mit annual reports to Congress on the assistance pro-
vided to Somaliland and to conduct a feasibility 
study, in coordination with the Secretary of Defense, 
on 
establishing 
a 
security 
partnership 
with 
Somaliland, without recognizing Somaliland as an 
independent state, with an amendment in the nature 
of a substitute; 
S. 3895, to extend and authorize annual appro-
priations for the United States Commission on Inter-
national Religious Freedom through fiscal year 2024, 
with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
H.R. 4250, to amend the State Department Basic 
Authorities Act of 1956 to provide for rewards for 
the arrest or conviction of certain foreign nationals 
who have committed genocide or war crimes; 
H.R. 6089, to clarify that section 107 of the 
Countering America’s Adversaries Through Sanctions 
Act applies sanctions with respect to unmanned 
combat aerial vehicles following a 2019 change by 
the United Nations providing additional clarity to 
the United Nations Register of Conventional Arms, 
with amendments; 
H.R. 7276, to direct the President to submit to 
Congress a report on United States Government ef-
forts to collect, analyze, and preserve evidence and 
information related to war crimes and other atroc-
ities committed during the full-scale Russian inva-
sion of Ukraine since February 24, 2022; 
S. Con. Res. 40, welcoming the Prime Minister of 
Greece to the United States for an address to a joint 
meeting of Congress; 
S. Res. 124, celebrating the heritage of Romani 
Americans, S. Res. 394, recognizing the 25th anni-
versary of Radio Free Asia and its mission to provide 
an independent source of news to closed societies in 
Asia, with amendments; 
S. Res. 394, recognizing the 25th anniversary of 
Radio Free Asia and its mission to provide an inde-
pendent source of news to closed societies in Asia, 
with amendments; 
S. Res. 458, recognizing the 75th anniversary of 
the establishment of the United Nations Children’s 
Fund, with amendments; 
S. Res. 540, supporting the goals of International 
Women’s Day, with an amendment; 
S. Res. 568, supporting the goals and ideals of 
‘‘Countering International Parental Child Abduction 
Month’’ and expressing the sense of the Senate that 
Congress should raise awareness of the harm caused 
by international parental child abduction; 
S. Res. 589, recognizing, honoring, and com-
mending the women of Ukraine who have contrib-
uted to the fight for freedom and the defense of 
Ukraine, with amendments; 
S. Res. 638, commending the Government and 
people of the Republic of Moldova for their heroic 
efforts to support Ukrainian refugees fleeing Presi-
dent Putin’s illegal war against Ukraine, with an 
amendment; 
S. Res. 646, expressing the Senate’s support for 
Finland and Sweden’s accession into the North At-
lantic Treaty Organization (NATO) and the expe-
dited ratification of accession protocols, with an 
amendment; 
The nominations of Mari Carmen Aponte, of 
Puerto Rico, to be Ambassador to the Republic of 
Panama, Michelle Kwan, of California, to be Ambas-
sador to Belize, Elizabeth H. Richard, of Virginia, to 
be Coordinator for Counterterrorism, with the rank 
and status of Ambassador at Large, Michael J. Adler, 
of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the Republic of 
South Sudan, Margaret C. Whitman, of Colorado, to 
be Ambassador to the Republic of Kenya, Michael 
Battle, of Georgia, to be Ambassador to the United 
Republic of Tanzania, John T. Godfrey, of Cali-
fornia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of the 
Sudan, and Michael C. Gonzales, of California, to be 
Ambassador to the Republic of Zambia, and routine 
lists in the Foreign Service, all of the Department of 
State. 
EUROPEAN ENERGY SECURITY 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on Eu-
rope and Regional Security Cooperation concluded a 
hearing to examine European energy security, focus-
ing on America’s role in supporting Europe’s energy 
diversification agenda, after receiving testimony from 
Amos Hochstein, Presidential Coordinator, Depart-
ment of State. 
DOMESTIC EXTREMISM IN AMERICA 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine do-
mestic extremism in America, focusing on white su-
premacist violence in the wake of recent attacks, 
after receiving testimony from Elizabeth Yates, 
Human Rights First, New York, New York; Eric K. 
Ward, Western States Center, Portland, Oregon; and 
Michael German, New York University Law School 
Brennan Center for Justice, and Nathan A. Sales, 
Fillmore Global Strategies LLC and former Ambas-
sador-at-Large and Coordinator for Counterterrorism, 
Department of State, both of Washington, D.C. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on the Judiciary: Committee ordered favor-
ably reported the nominations of John Z. Lee, of Illi-
nois, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sev-
enth Circuit, Salvador Mendoza, Jr., of Washington, 
to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Cir-
cuit, Stephen Henley Locher, to be United States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:58 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D09JN2.REC
D09JNPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 68-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
D636 
June 9, 2022 
District Judge for the Southern District of Iowa, 
Nancy L. Maldonado, to be United States District 
Judge for the Northern District of Illinois, Gregory 
Brian Williams, to be United States District Judge 
for the District of Delaware, and Gerard M. Karam, 
to be United States Attorney for the Middle District 
of Pennsylvania, Jacqueline C. Romero, to be United 
States Attorney for the Eastern District of Pennsyl-
vania, and Joshua D. Hurwit, of Idaho, to be United 
States Attorney for the District of Idaho, all of the 
Department of Justice. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 32 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 7993–8024; and 9 resolutions, H. 
Con. Res. 95; and H. Res. 1162–1169 were intro-
duced.                                                                      Pages H5444–46 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H5447–48 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
H.R. 2773, to amend the Pittman-Robertson 
Wildlife Restoration Act to make supplemental 
funds available for management of fish and wildlife 
species of greatest conservation need as determined 
by State fish and wildlife agencies, and for other 
purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 117–359); 
and 
Supplemental report on H.R. 7606, to establish 
the Office of the Special Investigator for Competi-
tion Matters within the Department of Agriculture 
(H. Rept. 117–357, Part 2).                                Page H5444 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein she 
appointed Representative Takano to act as Speaker 
pro tempore for today.                                            Page H5413 
Federal Extreme Risk Protection Order Act: The 
House passed H.R. 2377, to authorize the issuance 
of extreme risk protection orders, by a yea-and-nay 
vote of 224 yeas to 202 nays, Roll No. 255. 
                                                                                    Pages H5415–30 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules 
Committee Print 117–46, modified by the amend-
ment printed in H. Rept. 117–356, shall be consid-
ered as adopted, in lieu of the amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee 
on the Judiciary now printed in the bill. 
                                                                                    Pages H5415–19 
H. Res. 1153, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 2377) and (H.R. 7910) was agreed 
to yesterday, June 8th. 
Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote de-
veloped during the proceedings of today and appears 
on page H5429. 
Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-
journed at 1:52 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
A 2022 REVIEW OF THE FARM BILL: 
ECONOMIC PERSPECTIVES ON TITLE I 
COMMODITIES AND TITLE XI CROP 
INSURANCE 
Committee on Agriculture: Subcommittee on General 
Farm Commodities and Risk Management held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘A 2022 Review of the Farm Bill: 
Economic Perspectives on Title I Commodities and 
Title XI Crop Insurance’’. Testimony was heard from 
public witnesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Readi-
ness held a markup on H.R. 7900, the ‘‘National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023’’. 
H.R. 7900 was forwarded to the full Committee, 
without amendment. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Tac-
tical Air and Land Forces held a markup on H.R. 
7900, the ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for 
Fiscal Year 2023’’. H.R. 7900 was forwarded to the 
full Committee, without amendment. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Intel-
ligence and Special Operations held a markup on 
H.R. 7900, the ‘‘National Defense Authorization 
Act for Fiscal Year 2023’’. H.R. 7900 was forwarded 
to the full Committee, without amendment. 
TERRORISM AND CRYPTOCURRENCY: 
INDUSTRY PERSPECTIVES 
Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on In-
telligence and Counterterrorism held a hearing enti-
tled ‘‘Terrorism and Cryptocurrency: Industry Per-
spectives’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-
nesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:58 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00004
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D09JN2.REC
D09JNPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 69-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
D637 
June 9, 2022 
EXAMINING CIVIL RIGHTS LITIGATION 
REFORM, PART 2: STATE AND LOCAL 
GOVERNMENT EMPLOYER LIABILITY 
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on the Con-
stitution, Civil Rights, and Civil Liberties held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Civil Rights Litigation 
Reform, Part 2: State and Local Government Em-
ployer Liability’’. Testimony was heard from public 
witnesses. 
COAL COMMUNITY PROTECTION AND 
REVITALIZATION 
Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on En-
ergy and Mineral Resources held a hearing entitled 
‘‘Coal Community Protection and Revitalization’’. 
Testimony was heard from Chairman Yarmuth and 
Representative Cartwright; Todd Parfitt, Director, 
Wyoming Department of Environmental Quality; 
and public witnesses. 
TURNING THE TIDE FOR OCEAN CLIMATE 
ACTION: UNLEASHING THE CLIMATE 
BENEFITS OF OUR BLUE PLANET 
Select Committee on the Climate Crisis: Full Committee 
held a hearing entitled ‘‘Turning the Tide for Ocean 
Climate Action: Unleashing the Climate Benefits of 
Our Blue Planet’’. Testimony was heard from Rich-
ard W. Spinrad, Under Secretary of Commerce for 
Oceans and Atmosphere and Administrator, National 
Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration; and 
Monica Medina, Assistant Secretary for Oceans and 
International Environmental and Scientific Affairs, 
Department of State. 
HEARING ON THE JANUARY 6TH 
INVESTIGATION 
Select Committee to Investigate the January 6th Attack on 
the United States Capitol: Full Committee held a hear-
ing entitled ‘‘Hearing on the January 6th Investiga-
tion’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, 
JUNE 13, 2022 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Strategic 
Forces, closed business meeting to markup those provi-
sions which fall under the subcommittee’s jurisdiction of 
the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fis-
cal year 2023, 5:30 p.m., SR–232A. 
House 
Committee on Oversight and Reform, June 10, Sub-
committee on National Security, hearing entitled ‘‘The 
U.S. and International Humanitarian Response to Russia’s 
Invasion of Ukraine’’, 9 a.m., Zoom. 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 
2543, the ‘‘Federal Reserve Racial and Economic Equity 
Act’’ [Financial Services Racial Equity, Inclusion, and 
Economic Justice Act]; H.R. 2773, the ‘‘Recovering 
America’s Wildlife Act of 2021’’; and H.R. 7606, the 
‘‘Meat and Poultry Special Investigator Act of 2022’’ 
[Lower Food and Fuel Costs Act], 2 p.m., H–313 Capitol 
and Webex. 
Select Committee to Investigate the January 6th Attack on the 
United States Capitol, Full Committee, hearing entitled 
‘‘January 6th Investigation’’, 10 a.m., 390 Cannon and 
Webex. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:58 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00005
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D09JN2.REC
D09JNPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 70-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional Record
The Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each House
of Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, United
States Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶ Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶ To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO
63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶ Following
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶ With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record.
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.
U
N
U
M
E
P
LU
RI
B
U
S
D638 
June 9, 2022 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
3 p.m., Monday, June 13 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration 
of H.R. 3967, Honoring our PACT Act. 
At 5:30 p.m., Senate will vote on the motion to invoke 
cloture on Tester/Moran Amendment No. 5051, in the 
nature of a substitute. 
The filing deadline for first-degree amendments to 
Tester/Moran Amendment No. 5051 (listed above) and 
the underlying bill is 4 p.m. 
Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
12 noon, Monday, June 13 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: To be announced. 
Extension of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Burchett, Tim, Tenn., E603, E604 
Bustos, Cheri, Ill., E603, E606, E608 
Davis, Danny K., Ill., E608 
Fitzgerald, Scott, Wisc., E605 
Garamendi, John, Calif., E607 
Hudson, Richard, N.C., E603 
Joyce, David P., Ohio, E605 
Keating, William R., Mass., E607 
Keller, Fred, Pa., E605 
Latta, Robert E., Ohio, E607 
McNerney, Jerry, Calif., E604 
Moore, Gwen, Wisc., E606 
Murphy, Stephanie N., Fla., E605 
Norman, Ralph, S.C., E606 
Price, David E., N.C., E604 
Rodgers, Cathy McMorris, Wash., E607 
Ruppersberger, C.A. Dutch, Md., E604 
Schakowsky, Janice D., Ill., E605 
Scott, Robert ‘‘Bobby’’, Va., E607 
Van Drew, Jefferson, N.J., E603, E603, E604, E605, 
E605, E605, E606, E606 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:58 Jun 10, 2022
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00006
Fmt 0664
Sfmt 0664
E:\CR\FM\D09JN2.REC
D09JNPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 71-
