Congressional Record
U
N
U
M
E
P
LU
RI
B
U
S
United States
of America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 117th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
b This symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b 1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.
H2319 
Vol. 167 
WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, MAY 14, 2021 
No. 84 
Senate 
The Senate was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Monday, May 17, 2021, at 3 p.m. 
House of Representatives 
FRIDAY, MAY 14, 2021 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-
pore (Mr. CUELLAR). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-
nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON, DC, 
May 14, 2021. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable HENRY 
CUELLAR to act as Speaker pro tempore on 
this day. 
NANCY PELOSI, 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Margaret 
Grun Kibben, offered the following 
prayer: 
Compassionate God, there have been 
many voices lifted this week—voices 
filled with concern, tentative in hope, 
tinged with anger, and strong in belief. 
Holy God, we call on You this day to 
help us in the orchestration of our dis-
parate refrains. 
Lead us to appreciate the importance 
of each perspective—each lawmaker 
who represents fervently the interests 
of their districts, each side of the aisle 
which speaks to their concerns, and 
each individual who yearns to be heard 
and understood. 
As only You can, God, redeem our 
competing efforts to achieve our com-
mon purpose. Correct our inclination 
to talk at each other, and aid us in 
finding ways to engage with each 
other, that we would find a means to 
bring our dissonant efforts into some 
sense of accord. 
May unity be found in our respective 
desires. 
May love come forth even in our dis-
agreements, and may a joyful noise 
emerge from our differences and har-
mony arise from the diversity of 
voices, so that the words spoken here 
would glorify and praise You and serve 
this Nation faithfully. 
It is in the oneness of Your name we 
pray. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 11(a) of House Resolu-
tion 188, the Journal of the last day’s 
proceedings is approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. GARCIA) 
come forward and lead the House in the 
Pledge of Allegiance. 
Ms. GARCIA of Texas led the Pledge 
of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-
lic for which it stands, one nation under God, 
indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will entertain up to five requests 
for 1-minute speeches on each side of 
the aisle. 
JACINTO CITY’S 75TH 
ANNIVERSARY 
(Ms. GARCIA of Texas asked and was 
given permission to address the House 
for 1 minute and to revise and extend 
her remarks.) 
Ms. GARCIA of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
today I want to wish Jacinto City and 
community in my district a happy 75th 
anniversary. Jacinto City is a beloved 
community in our district full of hard-
working Americans who contribute to 
our economy and work every day to 
build a country we love. 
In the 1940s the city became the 
meeting point for immigrant families 
who worked in shipyards, nearby steel 
mills, and war plants. These workers 
were 
here 
seeking 
the 
American 
Dream, a dream that became a reality 
thanks to the entrepreneurial spirit of 
its immigrant community. 
This is inspiring, and it reminds us 
now more than ever that our workers 
play a vital role in empowering and 
transforming our country. 
Today, Jacinto City is a beacon of 
hope for the State’s great economy and 
for our Nation. Its diverse community 
is led by a Latina mayor, Ana Diaz. It 
is an example of our country’s social 
fabric and how our immigrants make 
us a stronger and more vibrant coun-
try. 
I couldn’t be prouder to represent 
this great community, and I am thank-
ful to the families for their hard work 
and their contributions to our country. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:07 May 15, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.000
H14MYPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE
® 
Pdnted on recycled papfil 

 -Page 0-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H2320 
May 14, 2021 
Happy anniversary, Jacinto City. 
Feliz aniversario. 
f 
JUSTICE FOR OFFICER ERIC 
WILLIAMS 
(Mr. KELLER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute.) 
Mr. KELLER. Mr. Speaker, in 2013, 
Eric Williams was working as a correc-
tional officer at USP Canaan when he 
was savagely murdered by an inmate 
who was already serving a life sen-
tence. A jury later found the inmate 
guilty of Eric’s murder, but because 1 
out of 12 jurors voted against the death 
penalty, he faced no additional penalty 
for this crime. Such an outcome is un-
acceptable in our legal system. Officer 
Williams’ tragic killing reveals a glar-
ing injustice for victims of violent 
crime. 
That is why I reintroduced Eric’s 
Law this week, which would permit 
prosecutors to impanel a second jury 
for sentencing in a death penalty case 
when the first jury fails to deliver a 
unanimous verdict. 
Officer Williams died protecting our 
community, and we owe it to him and 
others like him to punish the violent 
criminals who commit these acts. 
Though we will never be able to rid our 
society of heinous crimes or acts of vi-
olence, this bill is a step in the right 
direction to ensure victims and their 
families have every opportunity to pur-
sue the justice they deserve. 
f 
INFRASTRUCTURE JOBS 
(Ms. DEAN asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend her re-
marks.) 
Ms. DEAN. Mr. Speaker, 22 million 
Americans lost their jobs during the 
pandemic. Slowly we have begun to re-
build, restore, and get back on track. 
Since President Biden has taken office, 
1.5 million jobs have been created—the 
most jobs created in the first 100 days 
of any Presidency. Yet, as the April 
jobs report showed us, we must con-
tinue to take additional steps to get 
Americans back to work. 
There are more than 8 million jobs 
left to go. The American Jobs Plan is 
vital to rebuilding our community and 
our economy while protecting our plan-
et. It is a once-in-a-century investment 
to create millions of good-paying jobs 
and to lay the foundation for extensive 
economic growth for the following dec-
ades. 
In my home State of Pennsylvania, 
our infrastructure earned a C-minus on 
its infrastructure report card. There is 
so much we can do. We need to safely 
upgrade 
Pennsylvania’s 
roads 
and 
bridges, 
mass 
transit, 
ports, 
rail, 
broadband, and water supply. 
We have a chance here to make a 
generational investment and get our 
Nation back on track with the Amer-
ican Jobs Plan. 
FAREWELL TO REPRESENTATIVE 
STEVE STIVERS 
(Mr. BALDERSON asked and was 
given permission to address the House 
for 1 minute.) 
Mr. 
BALDERSON. 
Mr. 
Speaker, 
today I rise to bid farewell to my dear 
friend, Representative STEVE STIVERS, 
as he embarks on a new adventure 
leading the Ohio Chamber of Com-
merce. 
A career soldier, STEVE has served 
more than 30 years in the Ohio Army 
National Guard and holds the rank of 
major general. He served the United 
States overseas during Operation Iraqi 
Freedom where he led 400 soldiers and 
contractors. For his leadership, he was 
awarded the Bronze Star. In a battle 
closer to home, STEVE served on the 
front lines in America’s fight against 
the opioid epidemic. Steve was a cham-
pion for the cause of civility not just in 
politics, but in our daily lives and 
founded the Congressional Civility and 
Respect Caucus. 
Just as STEVE has left his mark here 
in the Halls of Congress and in the 
lives of so many Americans, I know he 
will continue to do big things as presi-
dent and CEO of the Ohio Chamber of 
Commerce and as a champion for job 
growth across our State. 
f 
PREGNANT WORKER 
ACCOMMODATION 
(Ms. MANNING asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend her re-
marks.) 
Ms. MANNING. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to speak in favor of the Pregnant 
Workers Fairness Act. 
As a working mother, this bill is very 
personal to me. When I was pregnant 
with my third child, I experienced pre-
mature labor, and my doctor ordered 
me to be on bed rest for 10 weeks. I was 
fortunate to work for an employer who 
allowed me to keep my job, work a re-
duced schedule from home, and con-
tinue earning my wages. 
After my daughter was born, I was 
still able to take my full maternity 
leave to care for her, and once I re-
turned to the office, I continued to 
work for that same firm for many 
years in part because of the accom-
modations that were made for me dur-
ing my pregnancy. 
This experience should not be unique 
to me. The Pregnant Workers Fairness 
Act will ensure that every person who 
needs reasonable accommodation dur-
ing pregnancy will be given those ac-
commodations so they can work to 
continue to support their family and 
contribute to their workplace. 
I am proud to cast my vote in favor 
of the Pregnant Workers Fairness Act, 
and I urge my colleagues to join me. 
Mr. Speaker, I will include in the 
RECORD a letter from the National Edu-
cation Association. 
REMEMBERING PAUL CHARLES 
GRASSEY 
(Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and 
was given permission to address the 
House for 1 minute and to revise and 
extend his remarks.) 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to remember and honor 
Paul Charles Grassey of Savannah, 
Georgia, who passed away on April 11 
at the age of 97. 
Following the attack on Pearl Har-
bor, Paul joined the U.S. Air Force and 
was assigned as a pilot in the Eighth 
Air Force. He flew more than a dozen 
combat missions as a B–24 pilot. 
Paul’s most treasured purpose was 
discovered when he became involved 
with the building, growth, and develop-
ment of the National Museum of the 
Mighty Eighth Air Force in Pooler, 
Georgia. He had a passion for sharing 
his stories about the courage and the 
sacrifice of the people he served with. 
He loved to sing, and he led us often 
in patriotic songs. 
In January of 2020, Paul was awarded 
the French Legion of Honor for his 
service and role in helping to free 
France from Nazi occupation during 
World War II. 
I am thankful for the immense im-
pact that Paul Grassey had on our 
community, and I know his legacy will 
remain. We will all miss him very 
much. My thoughts and prayers are 
with his family, friends, and all who 
knew him during this most difficult 
time. 
f 
UPDATED CDC GUIDELINES 
(Mrs. MILLER-MEEKS asked and 
was given permission to address the 
House for 1 minute and to revise and 
extend her remarks.) 
Mrs. MILLER-MEEKS. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to speak on an issue crit-
ical to this Chamber setting an exam-
ple for the rest of the country. 
Yesterday, the CDC issued guidance 
that fully vaccinated individuals can 
resume indoor activities without wear-
ing a mask or physically distancing. 
I am pleased to see the Centers for 
Disease Control following the science 
and recommending that fully vac-
cinated individuals can go without 
masks indoors. 
As Members of Congress, we should 
not only encourage constituents to get 
vaccinated, we should be showing them 
what a return to normal looks like and 
follow the science. 
According to the Speaker, roughly 75 
percent of our Members have received 
COVID–19 vaccinations, and, therefore, 
should have the choice to go without 
masks. Americans are looking for hope, 
and we are not showing it. Just as I im-
plored on April 22, I am, again, calling 
on the Speaker and Attending Physi-
cian to lift the rules and fines that re-
quire fully vaccinated Members of Con-
gress to wear masks in the House 
Chamber. 
Even The New York Times today said 
that the Centers for Disease Control is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:48 May 15, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.003
H14MYPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 1-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H2321 
May 14, 2021 
finally catching up to the science and 
so should the House. We must be the 
leaders we were elected to be, follow 
the science, and have the choice to go 
without a mask. 
I am going to be that leader, and I 
choose no mask. 
f 
CALIFORNIA DROUGHT 
(Mr. VALADAO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to bring attention to the wors-
ening drought conditions in California. 
Farmers and producers in California 
grow more than one-third of the vege-
tables and two-thirds of the fruit and 
nuts produced in the U.S. Depriving 
our farmers of the water they need to 
grow our Nation’s food ultimately in-
creases the cost of food for every per-
son in the United States. Still, the 
House majority has yet to take action 
to address this drought or consider leg-
islation that will bring clean, reliable 
water to our struggling communities. 
In February, I introduced H.R. 737, 
the RENEW WIIN Act, to allow the lit-
tle water we have to be made available 
to the communities that feed our Na-
tion. 
While I am glad to see my persistent 
requests for a drought emergency dec-
laration granted this week by Califor-
nia’s Governor, this is only a step in 
the right direction. We need immediate 
action in Congress, and I implore my 
colleagues in the majority to advance 
legislation to confront this crisis, in-
cluding my bill, the RENEW WIIN Act. 
f 
b 0915 
RESIGNATION FROM THE HOUSE 
OF REPRESENTATIVES 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following resigna-
tion from the House of Representa-
tives: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES, 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
Washington, DC, April 22, 2021. 
Hon. NANCY PELOSI, 
Speaker of the House, Washington, DC. 
DEAR SPEAKER PELOSI: I am writing to in-
form you that, effective May 16, 2021, I will 
resign my seat in the U.S. House of Rep-
resentatives representing Ohio’s 15th Con-
gressional District. 
For the past ten years, it has been my 
honor and privilege to serve the people of 
Ohio’s 15th District. Enclosed is a copy of my 
letter of resignation to the Governor of the 
State of Ohio, Mike DeWine. 
Sincerely, 
STEVE STIVERS. 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES, 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
Washington, DC, April 22, 2021. 
Hon. MIKE DEWINE, 
Governor of Ohio, Columbus, OH. 
DEAR GOVERNOR DEWINE: I am writing to 
inform you that, effective May 16, 2021, I will 
resign my seat in the U.S. House of Rep-
resentatives representing Ohio’s 15th Con-
gressional District. 
For the past ten years, it has been my 
honor and privilege to serve the people of 
Ohio’s 15th District. Enclosed is a copy of my 
letter of resignation to the Speaker of the 
House, Nancy Pelosi. 
Sincerely, 
STEVE STIVERS. 
f 
PREGNANT WORKERS FAIRNESS 
ACT 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
pursuant to House Resolution 380, I 
call up the bill (H.R. 1065) to eliminate 
discrimination and promote women’s 
health and economic security by ensur-
ing reasonable workplace accommoda-
tions for workers whose ability to per-
form the functions of a job are limited 
by pregnancy, childbirth, or a related 
medical condition, and ask for its im-
mediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 380, the 
amendment in the nature of a sub-
stitute recommended by the Com-
mittee on Education and Labor, print-
ed in the bill, is adopted and the bill, as 
amended, is considered read. 
The text of the bill, as amended, is as 
follows: 
H.R. 1065 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in 
Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Pregnant Work-
ers Fairness Act’’. 
SEC. 2. NONDISCRIMINATION WITH REGARD TO 
REASONABLE 
ACCOMMODATIONS 
RELATED TO PREGNANCY. 
It shall be an unlawful employment practice 
for a covered entity to— 
(1) not make reasonable accommodations to 
the known limitations related to the pregnancy, 
childbirth, or related medical conditions of a 
qualified employee, unless such covered entity 
can demonstrate that the accommodation would 
impose an undue hardship on the operation of 
the business of such covered entity; 
(2) require a qualified employee affected by 
pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical condi-
tions to accept an accommodation other than 
any 
reasonable 
accommodation 
arrived 
at 
through the interactive process referred to in 
section 5(7); 
(3) deny employment opportunities to a quali-
fied employee if such denial is based on the need 
of the covered entity to make reasonable accom-
modations to the known limitations related to 
the pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical 
conditions of a qualified employee; 
(4) require a qualified employee to take leave, 
whether paid or unpaid, if another reasonable 
accommodation can be provided to the known 
limitations related to the pregnancy, childbirth, 
or related medical conditions of a qualified em-
ployee; or 
(5) take adverse action in terms, conditions, or 
privileges of employment against a qualified em-
ployee on account of the employee requesting or 
using a reasonable accommodation to the known 
limitations related to the pregnancy, childbirth, 
or related medical conditions of the employee. 
SEC. 3. REMEDIES AND ENFORCEMENT. 
(a) EMPLOYEES COVERED BY TITLE VII OF THE 
CIVIL RIGHTS ACT OF 1964.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The powers, remedies, and 
procedures provided in sections 705, 706, 707, 
709, 710, and 711 of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 
(42 U.S.C. 2000e–4 et seq.) to the Commission, the 
Attorney General, or any person alleging a vio-
lation of title VII of such Act (42 U.S.C. 2000e et 
seq.) shall be the powers, remedies, and proce-
dures this Act provides to the Commission, the 
Attorney General, or any person, respectively, 
alleging an unlawful employment practice in 
violation of this Act against an employee de-
scribed in section 5(3)(A) except as provided in 
paragraphs (2) and (3) of this subsection. 
(2) COSTS AND FEES.—The powers, remedies, 
and procedures provided in subsections (b) and 
(c) of section 722 of the Revised Statutes (42 
U.S.C. 1988) shall be the powers, remedies, and 
procedures this Act provides to the Commission, 
the Attorney General, or any person alleging 
such practice. 
(3) DAMAGES.—The powers, remedies, and pro-
cedures provided in section 1977A of the Revised 
Statutes (42 U.S.C. 1981a), including the limita-
tions contained in subsection (b)(3) of such sec-
tion 1977A, shall be the powers, remedies, and 
procedures this Act provides to the Commission, 
the Attorney General, or any person alleging 
such practice (not an employment practice spe-
cifically excluded from coverage under section 
1977A(a)(1) of the Revised Statutes). 
(b) EMPLOYEES COVERED BY CONGRESSIONAL 
ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 1995.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The powers, remedies, and 
procedures provided in the Congressional Ac-
countability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1301 et seq.) to 
the Board (as defined in section 101 of such Act 
(2 U.S.C. 1301)) or any person alleging a viola-
tion of section 201(a)(1) of such Act (2 U.S.C. 
1311(a)(1)) shall be the powers, remedies, and 
procedures this Act provides to the Board or any 
person, respectively, alleging an unlawful em-
ployment practice in violation of this Act 
against an employee described in section 5(3)(B) 
except as provided in paragraphs (2) and (3) of 
this subsection. 
(2) COSTS AND FEES.—The powers, remedies, 
and procedures provided in subsections (b) and 
(c) of section 722 of the Revised Statutes (42 
U.S.C. 1988) shall be the powers, remedies, and 
procedures this Act provides to the Board or any 
person alleging such practice. 
(3) DAMAGES.—The powers, remedies, and pro-
cedures provided in section 1977A of the Revised 
Statutes (42 U.S.C. 1981a), including the limita-
tions contained in subsection (b)(3) of such sec-
tion 1977A, shall be the powers, remedies, and 
procedures this Act provides to the Board or any 
person alleging such practice (not an employ-
ment practice specifically excluded from cov-
erage under section 1977A(a)(1) of the Revised 
Statutes). 
(4) OTHER APPLICABLE PROVISIONS.—With re-
spect to a claim alleging a practice described in 
paragraph (1), title III of the Congressional Ac-
countability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1381 et seq.) 
shall apply in the same manner as such title ap-
plies with respect to a claim alleging a violation 
of section 201(a)(1) of such Act (2 U.S.C. 
1311(a)(1)). 
(c) EMPLOYEES COVERED
BY CHAPTER 5 OF 
TITLE 3, UNITED STATES CODE.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The powers, remedies, and 
procedures provided in chapter 5 of title 3, 
United States Code, to the President, the Com-
mission, the Merit Systems Protection Board, or 
any person alleging a violation of section 
411(a)(1) of such title shall be the powers, rem-
edies, and procedures this Act provides to the 
President, the Commission, the Board, or any 
person, respectively, alleging an unlawful em-
ployment practice in violation of this Act 
against an employee described in section 5(3)(C) 
except as provided in paragraphs (2) and (3) of 
this subsection. 
(2) COSTS AND FEES.—The powers, remedies, 
and procedures provided in subsections (b) and 
(c) of section 722 of the Revised Statutes (42 
U.S.C. 1988) shall be the powers, remedies, and 
procedures this Act provides to the President, 
the Commission, the Board, or any person alleg-
ing such practice. 
(3) DAMAGES.—The powers, remedies, and pro-
cedures provided in section 1977A of the Revised 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:48 May 15, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 6333
E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.005
H14MYPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE
--

 -Page 2-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H2322 
May 14, 2021 
Statutes (42 U.S.C. 1981a), including the limita-
tions contained in subsection (b)(3) of such sec-
tion 1977A, shall be the powers, remedies, and 
procedures this Act provides to the President, 
the Commission, the Board, or any person alleg-
ing such practice (not an employment practice 
specifically excluded from coverage under sec-
tion 1977A(a)(1) of the Revised Statutes). 
(d) EMPLOYEES COVERED BY GOVERNMENT EM-
PLOYEE RIGHTS ACT OF 1991.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The powers, remedies, and 
procedures provided in sections 302 and 304 of 
the Government Employee Rights Act of 1991 (42 
U.S.C. 2000e–16b; 2000e–16c) to the Commission 
or any person alleging a violation of section 
302(a)(1) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 2000e–16b(a)(1)) 
shall be the powers, remedies, and procedures 
this Act provides to the Commission or any per-
son, respectively, alleging an unlawful employ-
ment practice in violation of this Act against an 
employee described in section 5(3)(D) except as 
provided in paragraphs (2) and (3) of this sub-
section. 
(2) COSTS AND FEES.—The powers, remedies, 
and procedures provided in subsections (b) and 
(c) of section 722 of the Revised Statutes (42 
U.S.C. 1988) shall be the powers, remedies, and 
procedures this Act provides to the Commission 
or any person alleging such practice. 
(3) DAMAGES.—The powers, remedies, and pro-
cedures provided in section 1977A of the Revised 
Statutes (42 U.S.C. 1981a), including the limita-
tions contained in subsection (b)(3) of such sec-
tion 1977A, shall be the powers, remedies, and 
procedures this Act provides to the Commission 
or any person alleging such practice (not an em-
ployment practice specifically excluded from 
coverage under section 1977A(a)(1) of the Re-
vised Statutes). 
(e) EMPLOYEES COVERED BY SECTION 717 OF 
THE CIVIL RIGHTS ACT OF 1964.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The powers, remedies, and 
procedures provided in section 717 of the Civil 
Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000e–16) to the 
Commission, the Attorney General, the Librar-
ian of Congress, or any person alleging a viola-
tion of that section shall be the powers, rem-
edies, and procedures this Act provides to the 
Commission, the Attorney General, the Librar-
ian of Congress, or any person, respectively, al-
leging an unlawful employment practice in vio-
lation of this Act against an employee described 
in section 5(3)(E) except as provided in para-
graphs (2) and (3) of this subsection. 
(2) COSTS AND FEES.—The powers, remedies, 
and procedures provided in subsections (b) and 
(c) of section 722 of the Revised Statutes (42 
U.S.C. 1988) shall be the powers, remedies, and 
procedures this Act provides to the Commission, 
the Attorney General, the Librarian of Con-
gress, or any person alleging such practice. 
(3) DAMAGES.—The powers, remedies, and pro-
cedures provided in section 1977A of the Revised 
Statutes (42 U.S.C. 1981a), including the limita-
tions contained in subsection (b)(3) of such sec-
tion 1977A, shall be the powers, remedies, and 
procedures this Act provides to the Commission, 
the Attorney General, the Librarian of Con-
gress, or any person alleging such practice (not 
an employment practice specifically excluded 
from coverage under section 1977A(a)(1) of the 
Revised Statutes). 
(f) PROHIBITION AGAINST RETALIATION.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—No person shall discriminate 
against any employee because such employee 
has opposed any act or practice made unlawful 
by this Act or because such employee made a 
charge, testified, assisted, or participated in any 
manner in an investigation, proceeding, or hear-
ing under this Act. 
(2) PROHIBITION AGAINST COERCION.—It shall 
be unlawful to coerce, intimidate, threaten, or 
interfere with any individual in the exercise or 
enjoyment of, or on account of such individual 
having exercised or enjoyed, or on account of 
such individual having aided or encouraged any 
other individual in the exercise or enjoyment of, 
any right granted or protected by this Act. 
(3) REMEDY.—The remedies and procedures 
otherwise provided for under this section shall 
be available to aggrieved individuals with re-
spect to violations of this subsection. 
(g) LIMITATION.—Notwithstanding subsections 
(a)(3), (b)(3), (c)(3), (d)(3), and (e)(3), if an un-
lawful employment practice involves the provi-
sion of a reasonable accommodation pursuant to 
this Act or regulations implementing this Act, 
damages may not be awarded under section 
1977A of the Revised Statutes (42 U.S.C. 1981a) 
if the covered entity demonstrates good faith ef-
forts, in consultation with the employee with 
known limitations related to pregnancy, child-
birth, or related medical conditions who has in-
formed the covered entity that accommodation is 
needed, to identify and make a reasonable ac-
commodation that would provide such employee 
with an equally effective opportunity and would 
not cause an undue hardship on the operation 
of the covered entity. 
SEC. 4. RULEMAKING. 
Not later than 2 years after the date of enact-
ment of this Act, the Commission shall issue reg-
ulations in an accessible format in accordance 
with subchapter II of chapter 5 of title 5, United 
States Code, to carry out this Act. Such regula-
tions shall provide examples of reasonable ac-
commodations addressing known limitations re-
lated to pregnancy, childbirth, or related med-
ical conditions. 
SEC. 5. DEFINITIONS. 
As used in this Act— 
(1) the term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Equal 
Employment Opportunity Commission; 
(2) the term ‘‘covered entity’’— 
(A) has the meaning given the term ‘‘respond-
ent’’ in section 701(n) of the Civil Rights Act of 
1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000e(n)); and 
(B) includes— 
(i) an employer, which means a person en-
gaged in industry affecting commerce who has 
15 or more employees as defined in section 701(b) 
of title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 
U.S.C. 2000e(b)); 
(ii) an employing office, as defined in section 
101 of the Congressional Accountability Act of 
1995 (2 U.S.C. 1301) and section 411(c) of title 3, 
United States Code; 
(iii) an entity employing a State employee de-
scribed in section 304(a) of the Government Em-
ployee Rights Act of 1991 (42 U.S.C. 2000e– 
16c(a)); and 
(iv) an entity to which section 717(a) of the 
Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000e–16(a)) 
applies; 
(3) the term ‘‘employee’’ means— 
(A) an employee (including an applicant), as 
defined in section 701(f) of the Civil Rights Act 
of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000e(f)); 
(B) a covered employee (including an appli-
cant), as defined in section 101 of the Congres-
sional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1301); 
(C) a covered employee (including an appli-
cant), as defined in section 411(c) of title 3, 
United States Code; 
(D) a State employee (including an applicant) 
described in section 304(a) of the Government 
Employee Rights Act of 1991 (42 U.S.C. 2000e– 
16c(a)); or 
(E) an employee (including an applicant) to 
which section 717(a) of the Civil Rights Act of 
1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000e–16(a)) applies; 
(4) the term ‘‘person’’ has the meaning given 
such term in section 701(a) of the Civil Rights 
Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000e(a)); 
(5) the term ‘‘known limitation’’ means phys-
ical or mental condition related to, affected by, 
or arising out of pregnancy, childbirth, or re-
lated medical conditions that the employee or 
employee’s representative has communicated to 
the employer whether or not such condition 
meets the definition of disability specified in sec-
tion 3 of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 
1990 (42 U.S.C. 12102); 
(6) the term ‘‘qualified employee’’ means an 
employee or applicant who, with or without rea-
sonable accommodation, can perform the essen-
tial functions of the employment position, except 
that an employee or applicant shall be consid-
ered qualified if— 
(A) any inability to perform an essential func-
tion is for a temporary period; 
(B) the essential function could be performed 
in the near future; and 
(C) the inability to perform the essential func-
tion can be reasonably accommodated; and 
(7) the terms ‘‘reasonable accommodation’’ 
and ‘‘undue hardship’’ have the meanings given 
such terms in section 101 of the Americans with 
Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12111) and 
shall be construed as such terms are construed 
under such Act and as set forth in the regula-
tions required by this Act, including with regard 
to the interactive process that will typically be 
used to determine an appropriate reasonable ac-
commodation. 
SEC. 6. WAIVER OF STATE IMMUNITY. 
A State shall not be immune under the 11th 
Amendment to the Constitution from an action 
in a Federal or State court of competent juris-
diction for a violation of this Act. In any action 
against a State for a violation of this Act, rem-
edies (including remedies both at law and in eq-
uity) are available for such a violation to the 
same extent as such remedies are available for 
such a violation in an action against any public 
or private entity other than a State. 
SEC. 7. RELATIONSHIP TO OTHER LAWS. 
Nothing in this Act shall be construed to in-
validate or limit the powers, remedies, and pro-
cedures under any Federal law or law of any 
State or political subdivision of any State or ju-
risdiction that provides greater or equal protec-
tion for individuals affected by pregnancy, 
childbirth, or related medical conditions. 
SEC. 8. SEVERABILITY. 
If any provision of this Act or the application 
of that provision to particular persons or cir-
cumstances is held invalid or found to be uncon-
stitutional, the remainder of this Act and the 
application of that provision to other persons or 
circumstances shall not be affected. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill, 
as amended, shall be debatable for 1 
hour, equally divided and controlled by 
the chair and the ranking minority 
member of the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor or their respective 
designees. 
The gentleman from Virginia (Mr. 
SCOTT) and the gentlewoman from 
North Carolina (Ms. FOXX) each will 
control 30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-
bers have 5 legislative days in which to 
revise and extend their remarks and in-
sert extraneous material on H.R. 1065, 
the Pregnant Workers Fairness Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-
tleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
1065, the Pregnant Workers Fairness 
Act 
introduced 
by 
Representatives 
NADLER and KATKO. 
It is unacceptable that, in 2021, preg-
nant workers can still be denied basic 
workplace accommodations that help 
them stay healthy during their preg-
nancy. These accommodations, from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:48 May 15, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00004
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.002
H14MYPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 3-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H2323 
May 14, 2021 
providing seating and water to excus-
ing pregnant workers from heavy lift-
ing, are not complex or costly. 
But without these protections, too 
many workers are forced to either 
leave their jobs or put their health and 
the health of their pregnancy at risk. 
We can and must do better to ensure 
that no worker in this country is 
forced to choose between financial se-
curity and a healthy pregnancy. 
The Pregnant Workers Fairness Act 
would finally establish a right to rea-
sonable accommodations to all preg-
nant workers, and it would guarantee 
that pregnant workers can seek those 
accommodations without facing dis-
crimination or retaliation. 
Last Congress, 226 House Democrats 
and 103 Republicans came together to 
pass this legislation by a margin of 329– 
73. I hope we can come together again 
this year and finally deliver this bipar-
tisan priority to our Nation’s workers. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge strong support 
for the Pregnant Workers Fairness Act, 
and I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
COMMITTEE ON HOUSE ADMINISTRATION, 
Washington, DC, March 24, 2021. 
Hon. ROBERT C. ‘‘BOBBY’’ SCOTT, 
Chairman, Committee on Education and Labor, 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
DEAR CHAIRMAN SCOTT: I am writing to you 
concerning H.R. 1065, the Pregnant Workers 
Fairness Act. There are certain provisions in 
the legislation which fall within the Rule X 
jurisdiction of the Committee on House Ad-
ministration. 
In the interest of permitting your com-
mittee to proceed expeditiously to floor con-
sideration, the Committee on House Admin-
istration agrees to forego action on the bill. 
This is done with the understanding that the 
Committee on House Administration’s juris-
dictional interests over this and similar leg-
islation are in no way diminished or altered. 
In addition, the Committee reserves its right 
to seek conferees on any provisions within 
its jurisdiction which are considered in a 
House-Senate conference and requests your 
support if such a request is made. 
I would appreciate your response con-
firming this understanding with respect to 
H.R. 1065 and ask that a copy of our ex-
change of letters on this matter be included 
in your committee report on the bill and in 
the Congressional Record during consider-
ation of the bill on the House floor. 
Sincerely, 
ZOE LOFGREN, 
Chairperson. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION AND LABOR, 
Washington, DC, March 25, 2021. 
Hon. ZOE LOFGREN, 
Chairperson, Committee on House Administra-
tion, Washington, DC. 
DEAR CHAIRPERSON LOFGREN: In reference 
to your letter of March 24, 2021, I write to 
confirm our mutual understanding regarding 
H.R. 1065, the ‘‘Pregnant Workers Fairness 
Act.’’ 
I appreciate the Committee on House Ad-
ministration’s waiver of consideration of 
H.R. 1065 as specified in your letter. I ac-
knowledge that the waiver was granted only 
to expedite floor consideration of H.R. 1065 
and does not in any way waive or diminish 
the Committee on House Administration’s 
jurisdictional interests over this or similar 
legislation. 
I would be pleased to include our exchange 
of letters on this matter in the committee 
report for H.R. 1065 and in the Congressional 
Record during floor consideration of the bill 
to memorialize our joint understanding. 
Again, thank you for your assistance with 
this matter. 
Very truly yours, 
ROBERT C. ‘‘BOBBY’’ SCOTT, 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY, 
Washington, DC, March 23, 2021. 
Hon. BOBBY SCOTT, 
Chairman, House Committee on Education and 
Labor, Washington, DC. 
DEAR CHAIRMAN SCOTT: This is to advise 
you that the Committee on the Judiciary 
has now had an opportunity to review the 
provisions in H.R. 1065, the ‘‘Pregnant Work-
ers Fairness Act,’’ that fall within our Rule 
X jurisdiction. I appreciate your consulting 
with us on those provisions. The Judiciary 
Committee has no objection to your includ-
ing them in the bill for consideration on the 
House floor, and to expedite that consider-
ation is willing to forgo action on H.R. 1065, 
with the understanding that we do not there-
by waive any future jurisdictional claim 
over those provisions or their subject mat-
ters. 
In the event a House-Senate conference on 
this or similar legislation is convened, the 
Judiciary Committee reserves the right to 
request an appropriate number of conferees 
to address any concerns with these or simi-
lar provisions that may arise in conference. 
Please place this letter into the Congres-
sional Record during consideration of the 
measure on the House floor. Thank you for 
the cooperative spirit in which you have 
worked regarding this matter and others be-
tween our committees. 
Sincerely, 
JERROLD NADLER, 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION AND LABOR, 
Washington, DC, April 28, 2021. 
Hon. JERROLD NADLER, 
Chairman, House Committee on the Judiciary, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR CHAIRMAN NADLER: In reference to 
your letter of March 23, 2021, I write to con-
firm our mutual understanding regarding 
H.R. 1065, the ‘‘Pregnant Workers Fairness 
Act.’’ 
I appreciate the Committee on the Judi-
ciary’s waiver of consideration of H.R. 1065 
as specified in your letter. I acknowledge 
that the waiver was granted only to expedite 
floor consideration of H.R. 1065 and does not 
in any way waive or diminish the Committee 
on the Judiciary’s jurisdictional interests 
over this or similar legislation. 
I would be pleased to include our exchange 
of letters on this matter in the committee 
report for H.R. 1065 and in the Congressional 
Record during floor consideration of the bill 
to memorialize our joint understanding. 
Again, thank you for your assistance with 
this matter. 
Very truly yours, 
ROBERT C. ‘‘BOBBY’’ SCOTT, 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
COMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND REFORM, 
Washington, DC, April 28, 2021. 
Hon. ROBERT C. ‘‘BOBBY’’ SCOTT, 
Chairman, Committee on Education and Labor, 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
DEAR CHAIRMAN SCOTT: I am writing to you 
concerning H.R. 1065, the Pregnant Workers 
Fairness Act. There are certain provisions in 
the legislation that fall within the Rule X 
jurisdiction of the Committee on Oversight 
and Reform. 
In the interest of permitting your Com-
mittee to proceed expeditiously on this bill, 
I am willing to waive this Committee’s right 
to sequential referral. I do so with the under-
standing that by waiving consideration of 
the bill, the Committee on Oversight and Re-
form does not waive any future jurisdic-
tional claim over the subject matters con-
tained in the bill that fall within its Rule X 
jurisdiction. I request that you urge the 
Speaker to name members of this Committee 
to any conference committee that is named 
to consider such provisions. 
Please place this letter into the Congres-
sional Record during consideration of the 
measure on the House floor. Thank you for 
the cooperative spirit in which you have 
worked regarding this matter and others be-
tween our respective Committees. 
Sincerely, 
CAROLYN B. MALONEY, 
Chairwoman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION AND LABOR, 
Washington, DC, April 29, 2021. 
Hon. CAROLYN B. MALONEY, 
Chairwoman, House Committee on Oversight 
and Reform, Washington, DC. 
DEAR CHAIRWOMAN MALONEY: In reference 
to your letter of April 28, 2021, I write to con-
firm our mutual understanding regarding 
H.R. 1065, the ‘‘Pregnant Workers Fairness 
Act.’’ 
I appreciate the Committee on Oversight 
and Reform’ s waiver of consideration of 
H.R. 1065 as specified in your letter. I ac-
knowledge that the waiver was granted only 
to expedite floor consideration of H.R. 1065 
and does not in any way waive or diminish 
the Committee on Oversight and Reform’s 
jurisdictional interests over this or similar 
legislation. 
I would be pleased to include our exchange 
of letters on this matter in the committee 
report for H.R. 1065 and in the Congressional 
Record during floor consideration of the bill 
to memorialize our joint understanding. 
Again, thank you for your assistance with 
this matter. 
Very truly yours, 
ROBERT C. ‘‘BOBBY’’ SCOTT, 
Chairman. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, House Republicans have 
long supported protections in Federal 
law for all workers, including pregnant 
workers, and we believe employers 
should provide reasonable workplace 
accommodations for pregnant workers, 
empowering them to achieve their 
highest potential. 
I speak not only as a concerned Con-
gresswoman on this issue but also as a 
mother and grandmother. Discrimina-
tion of any type should not be toler-
ated, and no one should ever be denied 
an opportunity because of unlawful dis-
crimination. 
That is why I support meaningful 
protections under Federal law to pre-
vent workplace discrimination, includ-
ing Federal laws that rightfully pro-
tect pregnant workers. 
The Pregnancy Discrimination Act 
and the Americans with Disabilities 
Act are examples. These Federal laws 
already ensure workers are not being 
discriminated against and receive rea-
sonable accommodations related to 
pregnancy, childbirth, or related med-
ical conditions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:07 May 15, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00005
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.008
H14MYPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 4-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H2324 
May 14, 2021 
I agree with the underlying principle 
of H.R. 1065 and appreciate the bipar-
tisan negotiations that took place dur-
ing the 116th Congress to get this bill 
to where it is today. And I am pleased 
to see the changes we negotiated last 
Congress were incorporated in the leg-
islative text this time around. 
When the bill was introduced last 
Congress, it did not require that a 
pregnant worker, in order to be eligible 
for an accommodation, be able to per-
form the essential functions of the job 
with 
a 
reasonable 
accommodation. 
This is a sensible provision now in-
cluded in the bill. 
A definition of ‘‘known limitations’’ 
related to pregnancy, childbirth, or re-
lated medical conditions was also ini-
tially omitted. The bill now includes 
such a definition, including a require-
ment that employees communicate the 
known limitation to the employer. 
This provision will help workers and 
their 
employers 
understand 
their 
rights and responsibilities. 
Additionally, the bill introduced last 
Congress appeared to allow employees 
a unilateral veto over offered accom-
modations. However, the bill now clari-
fies that reasonable accommodations 
will typically be determined through a 
balanced and interactive dialogue be-
tween workers and employers. 
The bill introduced last Congress also 
did not include the limitation on appli-
cability to employers with 15 or more 
employees, as is the case in title VII of 
the Civil Rights Act and title I of the 
Americans with Disabilities Act, but it 
now includes the 15-employee thresh-
old. 
Finally, the bill now includes a provi-
sion that if an employer makes a good 
faith effort to determine a reasonable 
accommodation 
through 
the 
inter-
active process with the employee, the 
employer is not liable for damages. 
Unfortunately, there is one key pro-
vision missing from this bill. One of 
the core tenets of the Constitution is 
the guarantee of religious freedom. In 
fact, it is the first freedom mentioned 
in the Constitution. 
For the last 240 years, the Supreme 
Court has upheld that principle in its 
decisions, and laws written by Congress 
have maintained strong protections for 
religious liberty. Yet, the bill we are 
discussing today deals an unnecessary 
blow to religious organizations, poten-
tially forcing them to make hiring de-
cisions that conflict with their faith. 
Our job in the people’s House is not 
to defy the Constitution, but to uphold 
it. No employer should have to choose 
between abiding by the law and adher-
ing to their religious beliefs. 
That is why Republicans offered an 
amendment in committee that would 
include a narrow but longstanding pro-
vision from the Civil Rights Act that is 
not currently incorporated in this bill. 
Committee Democrats voted down this 
commonsense amendment. 
I also submitted the same amend-
ment to the Rules Committee so that 
it could be debated today, but the 
Democrats prevented me from offering 
it. As a result, I cannot, in good con-
science, vote in favor of this legisla-
tion. 
I want to reiterate that I am pleased 
with the bipartisan negotiations that 
took place on H.R. 1065. When we work 
together, we can effect real change. 
But I will never support any bill that 
infringes on the Constitution, and I 
urge my colleagues on both sides of the 
aisle to do the same. 
Taking away rights from our citizens 
is not a win for the American people; it 
is a win for Big Government. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman 
from Oregon (Ms. BONAMICI), the chair 
of the Civil Rights and Human Services 
Subcommittee. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the chairman for yielding. 
I rise in strong support of the bipar-
tisan Pregnant Workers Fairness Act. 
As a mom and policymaker, I know 
how important it is to protect the 
health, well-being, and economic secu-
rity of pregnant workers and their fam-
ilies. 
Unfortunately, 
under 
current 
Federal law, pregnant workers do not 
have access to reasonable workplace 
accommodations. 
Simple accommodations, such as pro-
viding seating, water, or an extra bath-
room break, would allow pregnant 
workers to stay safe on their job dur-
ing pregnancy. But when pregnant 
workers do not have access to the ac-
commodations they need, they are at 
risk of jeopardizing their health and 
the health of their baby, losing their 
job, being denied a promotion, or not 
being hired in the first place. 
It is unacceptable that, in 2021, preg-
nant workers can still be forced to 
choose between a healthy pregnancy 
and a paycheck. 
Congress passed the Pregnancy Dis-
crimination Act more than four dec-
ades ago, but pregnant workers still 
suffer discrimination at an alarming 
rate. 
Megan, a manufacturing worker in 
Oregon, was forced to take unpaid 
leave after her employer denied her 
modest request for light duty 31⁄2 
months before her due date. Oregon has 
since passed a State version of the 
Pregnant Workers Fairness Act, and it 
is working very well. But pregnant 
workers across the country need fair-
ness, too. 
We know that women of color are 
overrepresented 
in 
low-wage, 
phys-
ically demanding jobs and are, there-
fore, disproportionately harmed by a 
lack of access to reasonable accom-
modations. By clarifying the right of 
pregnant workers to reasonable accom-
modations on the job, we will finally 
give them the ability to work safely 
without fear of facing discrimination 
or retaliation. 
I thank Chairman SCOTT and Chair-
man NADLER
for their leadership. I 
urge my colleagues to support this bi-
partisan bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD 
a letter from the National Partnership 
for Women & Families in support of the 
Pregnant Workers Fairness Act. 
NATIONAL PARTNERSHIP FOR 
WOMEN & FAMILIES, 
Washington, DC, May 11, 2021. 
DEAR MEMBER OF CONGRESS: The National 
Partnership for Women & Families is a non- 
profit, non-partisan advocacy organization 
committed to improving the lives of women 
and families by achieving equity for all 
women. Since our creation as the Women’s 
Legal Defense Fund in 1971, we have fought 
for every significant advance for equal op-
portunity in the workplace, including the 
Pregnancy Discrimination Act of 1978 and 
the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 
(FMLA). We write in strong support of H.R. 
1065, the Pregnant Workers Fairness Act. 
This bipartisan legislation will support preg-
nant workers on the job, improving women’s 
and families’ economic security and pro-
moting healthier pregnancies. 
More than 40 years ago, Congress passed 
the Pregnancy Discrimination Act of 1978, 
outlawing discrimination on the basis of 
pregnancy, childbirth or related medical 
conditions, yet pregnancy discrimination is 
still widespread and impacts pregnant work-
ers across industry, race, ethnicity and juris-
diction. Nearly 31,000 pregnancy discrimina-
tion charges were filed with the U.S. Equal 
Employment 
Opportunity 
Commission 
(EEOC) and state-level fair employment 
practice agencies between 2010 and 2015, and 
the reality of pregnancy discrimination is 
likely much worse than illustrated by EEOC 
charges. As a result of this discrimination, 
too many women must choose between their 
paychecks 
and 
a 
healthy 
pregnancy—a 
choice that no one should have to make. 
The Pregnant Workers Fairness Act would 
create a clear policy standard requiring em-
ployers to provide reasonable accommoda-
tions to pregnant workers. Support for a law 
like this is nearly universal and bipartisan. 
Eighty-nine percent of voters favor this bill, 
including 69 percent of voters who strongly 
favor it. Just this Congress, thirty-five lead-
ing private sector employers endorsed the 
Pregnant Workers Fairness Act in an open 
letter to Congress. 
More than 85 percent of women will be-
come mothers at some point in their work-
ing lives. And sometimes, an accommodation 
is needed in order for a pregnant worker to 
continue performing their job. Those accom-
modations are often small changes to their 
work environment such as additional bath-
room breaks, a stool to sit on or the ability 
to have a water bottle at their work station. 
Although 
minor, 
these 
accommodations 
allow pregnant workers to stay in the work-
force and continue to provide for themselves 
and their families. When pregnant workers 
are fired, demoted, or forced into unpaid 
leave, they and their families lose critical 
income, and they may struggle to re-enter a 
job market that is particularly harsh for 
people who are currently or were recently 
pregnant. 
Pregnancy discrimination affects women 
across race and ethnicity, but women of 
color and immigrants are at particular risk. 
They are disproportionately likely to work 
in jobs and industries where accommoda-
tions during pregnancy are not often pro-
vided (such as home health aides, food serv-
ice workers, package handlers and cleaners). 
Black women are much more likely than 
white women to file pregnancy discrimina-
tion charges, they are also at a higher risk 
for pregnancy-related complications like 
pre-term labor, preeclampsia and hyper-
tensive disorders making reasonable accom-
modations on the job even more important, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:07 May 15, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00006
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.009
H14MYPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 5-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H2325 
May 14, 2021 
and loss of wages and health insurance due 
to pregnancy discrimination especially chal-
lenging. 
To date, thirty-one states including the 
District of Columbia and four cities have 
passed laws requiring employers to provide 
reasonable 
accommodations 
to 
pregnant 
workers. But the ability to maintain a 
healthy pregnancy and keep a job should not 
depend on where a pregnant person works. 
Women are a crucial part of the workforce 
and their participation matters for the 
growth of our economy and for the stability 
and wellbeing of families nationwide. 
The COVID–19 pandemic has exacerbated 
the conditions of pregnant workers. Preg-
nant people are at a higher risk of falling ill 
from COVID–19 and experiencing complica-
tions, and thus require increased protections 
against the virus. Since the beginning of the 
pandemic, pregnant workers have experi-
enced increased levels of workplace discrimi-
nation by being denied accommodations and 
leave. The Pregnant Workers Fairness Act 
would ensure that pregnant workers have ac-
cess to the accommodations they need in 
order to have a safe workplace experience. 
The Pregnant Workers Fairness Act would 
strengthen existing federal protections, en-
sure more equitable workplaces and allow 
women to remain in the workforce and main-
tain their economic stability while having 
the accommodations necessary for healthy 
pregnancies. It is time to clarify and 
strengthen existing federal protections for 
pregnant workers by passing the Pregnant 
Workers Fairness Act. 
Sincerely, 
DEBRA L. NESS, 
President, 
National Partnership for Women & Families. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I urge 
all of my colleagues to support this 
bill. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentlewoman from Lou-
isiana (Ms. LETLOW). 
Ms. LETLOW. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in opposition to H.R. 1065. 
As a working mother who has two 
beautiful children, I support reasonable 
accommodations for pregnant workers. 
Many of the provisions in the Pregnant 
Workers Fairness Act are admirable. 
However, it is equally important to 
protect First Amendment rights of our 
religious organizations, hospitals, and 
schools, including those located in the 
Fifth District of Louisiana. 
Under this bill, organizations could 
be forced to make employment-related 
decisions that conflict with their faith 
and sacrifice their religious rights. For 
example, a faith-based employer could 
be deemed in violation of this bill if it 
does not accommodate an employee’s 
request for paid time off to undergo an 
abortion. 
Also, if signed into law, this bill al-
lows an independent and uncontrol-
lable Federal agency to make addi-
tional rules and regulations that could 
further erode religious liberties. It 
leaves decisionmaking in the hands of 
unelected government bureaucrats. 
Therefore, Congress must include a 
religious freedom exemption in the 
base text of this bill. When it comes to 
religious freedom and pro-life issues, 
we should not allow bureaucrats and 
potentially the judicial system to 
make decisions by reading between the 
lines. We must send a clear message 
that religious freedom is nonnego-
tiable. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield such time as she may consume 
to the gentlewoman from New Mexico 
(Ms. LEGER FERNANDEZ), a member of 
the 
Committee 
on 
Education 
and 
Labor. 
Ms. 
LEGER 
FERNANDEZ. 
Mr. 
Speaker, Sunday, we celebrated Moth-
er’s Day. Today, we act to protect 
mothers-to-be. 
Every pregnant worker deserves the 
opportunity to support their family 
without risking the health of their 
pregnancy. Yet, pregnant workers, es-
pecially those in low-wage and phys-
ically demanding jobs, are often forced 
to choose between their health and a 
paycheck. 
The Pregnant Workers Fairness Act 
will correct these flaws in our system 
to ensure that pregnant women are 
treated fairly in the workplace. 
Women carried the brunt of losses 
during the pandemic, losing a net 5.4 
million jobs. We need to make it easier 
for them to get back to work, and that 
must include pregnant women. 
I am proud that my home State of 
New Mexico passed legislation to pro-
tect pregnant workers, with bipartisan 
support, last year. It is time for Con-
gress to do the same. 
Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD 
a letter from the ACLU in support of 
the Pregnant Workers Fairness Act. 
MAY 11, 2021. 
Re Vote YES for the Pregnant Workers Fair-
ness Act (H.R. 1065). 
DEAR MEMBERS OF CONGRESS: On behalf of 
the American Civil Liberties Union, and our 
more than 1.8 million members, supporters, 
and activists, we write to express our sup-
port for H.R. 1065, the Pregnant Workers 
Fairness Act. This critical legislation would 
combat an all-too-common form of preg-
nancy discrimination while also providing 
employers much-needed clarity on their obli-
gations under the law. We urge all members 
of the House of Representatives to vote in 
favor of this measured, bipartisan, and 
longoverdue legislation. 
The ACLU has long fought to advance 
women’s equality and opportunity by chal-
lenging laws and policies that discriminate 
against women in the workplace and by dis-
mantling the stereotypes that constrain 
women’s full engagement and participation 
at work. Although the Pregnancy Discrimi-
nation Act has played a critical role over the 
past 40 years in securing women’s place in 
the workforce, too many women continue to 
be marginalized at work because of their de-
cision to become pregnant and have children. 
This kind of discriminatory treatment has 
become most obvious when pregnant work-
ers—predominantly women in physically de-
manding or male-dominated jobs, low-wage 
workers, and women of color—request tem-
porary accommodations to address a medical 
need and instead are terminated or placed on 
unpaid leave, causing devastating economic 
harm. The Pregnant Workers Fairness Act 
would respond to this problem by requiring 
employers with fifteen or more employees to 
provide reasonable and temporary accom-
modations to pregnant workers if doing so 
would not impose an undue hardship on the 
business. 
PREGNANCY DISCRIMINATION, THE PDA, AND 
YOUNG V. UPS, INC. 
Pregnancy and childbirth are often locus 
points for discrimination against women in 
the workforce. Policies excluding or forcing 
the discharge of pregnant women from the 
workplace were common in the 1970s and re-
flected the stereotype that a woman’s pri-
mary or sole duties were to be a homemaker 
and raise children. The adoption of the Preg-
nancy Discrimination Act (PDA) in 1978, an 
amendment to Title VII of the Civil Rights 
Act of 1964, established that discrimination 
because of ‘‘pregnancy, childbirth, and re-
lated medical conditions’’ was a form of dis-
crimination ‘‘because of sex.’’ It was in-
tended to dismantle the stereotype, and the 
policies based on it, that viewed pregnant 
women’s labor force participation as contin-
gent, temporary, and dispensable without re-
gard to their individual capacity to do the 
job in question. 
The PDA also required employers to treat 
pregnant workers the same as other tempo-
rarily disabled workers because Congress 
recognized that working women contributed 
to their families’ economic stability and 
should not have to choose between a career 
and continuing a pregnancy. Despite the 
PDA, pregnancy discrimination persists, and 
for many years courts routinely ruled 
against workers who brought pregnancy ac-
commodation cases where they alleged dis-
crimination when an employer provided a 
job modification to an employee temporarily 
unable to work but failed to do the same for 
a pregnant worker. 
In Young v. United Parcel Service, Inc., the 
Supreme Court granted certiorari to resolve 
a split in the Circuits and for the first time 
addressed the PDA’s application in the con-
text of an employee who needed an accom-
modation due to pregnancy. The Court con-
cluded that the statute’s mandate applied 
with equal force in these circumstances and 
articulated a modified analysis for failure- 
to-accommodate cases. The Court also of-
fered a new pretext analysis that plaintiffs 
may rely on when litigating claims under 
the PDA’s second clause. Since Young, the 
reflexive approval of employer policies favor-
ing workers with occupational injuries has 
largely disappeared. However, the bright-line 
deference to employer policies, and the 
overbroad reading of such policies as ‘‘preg-
nancy-blind,’’ has been replaced, in many in-
stances, with an unduly demanding standard 
for plaintiffs in making a showing of dif-
ferential treatment—even at the initial 
pleading stage, prior to having the benefit of 
discovery. This trend undermines Young’s 
intent of demanding that employers justify 
failures to accommodate pregnancy. Instead, 
they impose unwarranted—and often insur-
mountable—burdens of proof on pregnant 
workers that increasingly confer ‘‘least fa-
vored nation’’ status on the protected trait 
of pregnancy. The stories of clients the 
ACLU has represented—both as direct coun-
sel and as lead amicus—illustrate the harm: 
Lochren v. Suffolk County: Sandra Lochren 
and five other police officers sued the Suf-
folk County Police Department (SCPD) for 
refusing to temporarily reassign pregnant of-
ficers to deskwork and other non-patrol jobs, 
even though it did so for officers injured on 
the job. But for those officers who opted to 
keep working patrol, SCPD also failed to 
provide bulletproof vests or gun belts that 
would fit pregnant officers. Their only safe 
option was to go on unpaid leave long before 
their due dates. 
Cole v. SavaSeniorCare: When Jaimie Cole, a 
certified nursing assistant, was in her third 
trimester, she developed a high risk of 
preeclampsia, a condition that can lead to 
preterm labor or even death. Her doctor ad-
vised her not to do any heavy lifting. Cole’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:07 May 15, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00007
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.008
H14MYPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 6-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H2326 
May 14, 2021 
job required her to regularly help patients in 
and out of bed and assist with bathing, so she 
asked for a temporary light duty assign-
ment. Instead, her employer sent her home 
without pay for the rest of her pregnancy. 
Myers v. Hope Healthcare Center: Asia 
Myers, a certified nursing assistant, experi-
enced complications early in her pregnancy 
and was told by her doctor that she could 
continue to work, but should not do any lift-
ing on the job. Although her employer had a 
history of providing light duty to workers 
with temporary lifting restrictions, Myers 
was told not to return to work until her re-
strictions were lifted. She was out of work 
for over a month with no income or health 
insurance coverage. 
Hicks v. City of Tuscaloosa: Stephanie 
Hicks, a narcotics investigator with the Tus-
caloosa Police Department in Alabama, 
wanted to breastfeed her new baby, but her 
bulletproof vest was restrictive, painful, and 
prone to causing infection in her breasts. 
She asked for a desk job but her employer re-
fused, even though it routinely granted desk 
jobs to officers unable to fulfill all of their 
patrol duties. Instead, it offered her an ill- 
fitting vest that put her at risk. 
Legg v. Ulster County: Corrections Officer 
Ann Marie Legg was denied light duty during 
her pregnancy, even though Ulster County 
gave such assignments to guards injured on 
the job. In her third trimester, Legg had to 
intervene in a fight, prompting her to go on 
leave rather than face future risks. 
Allen v. AT&T Mobility: Cynthia Allen lost 
her job because she accumulated too many 
‘‘points’’ under AT&T Mobility’s punitive at-
tendance policy due to pregnancy-related 
symptoms such as nausea. The policy makes 
accommodation for late arrivals, early de-
partures, and absences due to thirteen enu-
merated reasons, some medical and some 
not, but none due to pregnancy and preg-
nancy-related symptoms. 
Durham v. Rural/ Metro Corp: Michelle Dur-
ham was an EMT in Alabama whose job 
often required her to lift patients on stretch-
ers into an ambulance. When she became 
pregnant, her health care provider imposed a 
restriction on heavy lifting. Durham asked 
Rural/Metro for a temporary modified duty 
assignment during her pregnancy, but was 
rejected, despite the company’s policy of giv-
ing such assignments to others. She was told 
her only option was to take unpaid leave. 
WHY CONGRESS SHOULD PASS THE PREGNANT 
WORKERS FAIRNESS ACT 
It is indisputable that Young was an im-
portant step forward to combat pregnancy 
discrimination. Yet, too many pregnant 
workers continue to face insurmountable ob-
stacles in HR offices, where employers mis-
understand their obligations under the PDA, 
and in courtrooms across the country, where 
judges use Young to hinder access to needed 
accommodations. Despite the clear mandates 
of the PDA, the current legal landscape 
leaves exposed and unprotected those preg-
nant workers who want to continue working 
while maintaining a healthy pregnancy. 
Similarly, many pregnant workers have 
not found protection or recourse under the 
Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 be-
cause absent complications, pregnancy is not 
considered a disability that substantially 
limits a major life activity. This legal re-
ality means that many of the symptoms of a 
normal pregnancy that can disrupt a work-
er’s ability to do her job—such as extreme 
fatigue, morning sickness, or limitations on 
her mobility—are not entitled to accommo-
dation. Moreover, many pregnant workers 
seek accommodation precisely because they 
wish to avoid the conditions that might dis-
able them or endanger their pregnancy. Yet 
because the ADA is so expansive with respect 
to other conditions that qualify as disabil-
ities, the population of non-pregnant work-
ers entitled to reasonable accommodation is 
exponentially larger than when the PDA was 
enacted more than 40 years ago. Accordingly, 
without such express entitlement to accom-
modation, pregnant workers face an unten-
able ‘‘least favored nation’’ status in the 
workplace. 
The simple solution to this no-win situa-
tion is the Pregnant Workers Fairness Act. 
This legislation, modeled after the ADA and 
using a framework familiar to most employ-
ers, takes a thoughtful and measured ap-
proach to balancing the needs of working 
people and employers by requiring businesses 
with fifteen or more employees to provide 
workers with temporary, reasonable accom-
modation for known limitations related to 
pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical 
conditions if doing so would not place an 
undue hardship on business. It also prohibits 
employers from forcing a pregnant employee 
to take a leave of absence if a reasonable ac-
commodation can be provided; prevents em-
ployers from denying job opportunities to an 
applicant or employee because of the individ-
ual’s need for a reasonable accommodation; 
prevents an employer from forcing an appli-
cant or employee to accept a specific accom-
modation; and prohibits retaliation against 
individuals who seek to use PWFA to protect 
their rights. 
At a time when women constitute nearly 60 
percent of the workforce and contribute sig-
nificantly to their families’ economic well- 
being, passage of PWFA is a dire necessity. 
When a pregnant worker is forced to quit, co-
erced into taking unpaid leave, or fired be-
cause her employer refuses to provide a tem-
porary job modification, the economic im-
pact can be severe; if she is the sole or pri-
mary breadwinner for her children, as nearly 
half of working women are, her entire family 
will be without an income when they most 
need it. She further may be denied unem-
ployment benefits because she is considered 
to have left her job voluntarily. She may 
have few if any additional resources on 
which to rely. PWFA ensures that women 
would 
not 
face 
such 
devastating 
con-
sequences. Instead, it treats pregnancy for 
what it is—a normal condition of employ-
ment. 
PWFA promotes women’s health. Accom-
modations make a difference in physically 
demanding jobs (requiring long hours, stand-
ing, lifting heavy objects, etc.) where the 
risk of preterm delivery and low birth weight 
are significant. The failure to provide ac-
commodations can be linked to miscarriages 
and premature babies who suffer from a vari-
ety of ailments. This bill would be an impor-
tant contribution in the fight to improve 
maternal health and mortality. 
There is also a strong business case for 
PWFA. Providing pregnant employees with 
reasonable accommodations increases work-
er productivity, retention, and morale, and 
reduces health care costs associated with 
pregnancy complications. PWFA can also re-
duce litigation costs by providing greater 
clarity regarding an employer’s legal obliga-
tions to pregnant workers. In fact, the U.S. 
Chamber of Commerce stated that PWFA 
would establish ‘‘clear guidelines and a bal-
anced process that works for employers and 
employees alike.’’ Additionally, a group of 
leading private sector employers expressed 
their support for PWFA and noted ‘‘women’s 
labor force participation is critical to the 
strength of our companies, the growth of our 
economy and the financial security of most 
modern families.’’ 
Finally, 30 states across the political and 
ideological spectrum have recognized the 
benefits of providing reasonable accommoda-
tions to pregnant workers. Congress should 
ensure that all pregnant workers, not just 
some, have the protections they need. 
It is time for Congress to act and pass the 
Pregnant Workers Fairness Act. 
Sincerely, 
RONALD NEWMAN, 
National Political Di-
rector. 
GILLIAN THOMAS, 
Senior Staff Attorney. 
VANIA LEVEILLE, 
Senior 
Legislative 
Counsel. 
b 0930 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Idaho 
(Mr. FULCHER). 
Mr. FULCHER. Mr. Speaker, there is 
no question that pregnant workers 
should be treated fairly and be pro-
vided with reasonable accommodations 
in the workforce. We are all in favor of 
commonsense guidelines to ensure this. 
Serving as a subcommittee ranking 
member in the Education and Labor 
Committee, I had the opportunity to 
dive deeply into this bill and partici-
pate in the full committee markup. 
While much of this law is redundant 
to the two laws that currently protect 
pregnant workers, I agree with many of 
the provisions in the bill, and it was 
substantially 
improved 
from 
the 
version introduced in 2019. 
During our markup, I asked for an 
amendment to clarify one specific pro-
vision before lending my support. My 
provision singles out religious organi-
zations by removing the exemption 
found in nearly every civil rights bill, 
including the Civil Rights Act. 
Because each religion has its own 
unique customs, requirements, and tra-
ditions, it is not reasonable to mandate 
employment decisions that conflict 
with people’s faith. 
By not including this longstanding 
Civil Rights Act provision, H.R. 1065 is 
likely to create legal risk for religious 
organizations. 
Pregnancy-discrimina-
tion or pregnancy-accommodation laws 
in at least 16 States and the District of 
Columbia also include a provision simi-
lar to the Civil Rights Act religious or-
ganizations protection. 
By adding a simple reference in H.R. 
1065 to the Civil Rights Act, we can 
harmonize the bill with current law 
and ensure that religious organizations 
receive the same protections as out-
lined in the Civil Rights Act. This is 
the only reasonable thing to do. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman 
from Georgia (Mrs. MCBATH), a member 
of the Education and Labor Com-
mittee. 
Mrs. MCBATH. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
Chairman SCOTT for bringing this vital 
legislation to the floor. 
The Pregnant Workers Fairness Act 
will ensure that no pregnant woman is 
unfairly forced out of their job or risk 
their health just simply to earn a pay-
check. Our mothers deserve these Fed-
eral protections. 
I believe that we all want to support 
our working mothers. Allowing these 
simple accommodations can make the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:48 May 15, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00008
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.011
H14MYPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 7-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H2327 
May 14, 2021 
difference between being forced out of 
a job and providing a living for them-
selves and for their families. 
Twenty-seven States have already 
passed laws that require certain em-
ployers to provide accommodations to 
pregnant women. It is time for Federal 
action to ensure that all pregnant 
women are protected from discrimina-
tion and can continue to support their 
families. 
This legislation is supported by both 
women’s health groups and the indus-
try. 
Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD 
a letter from major employers and 
leaders in the business community 
across the country that are voicing 
support for this legislation. 
OPEN LETTER IN SUPPORT OF THE PREGNANT 
WORKERS FAIRNESS ACT FROM LEADING PRI-
VATE-SECTOR EMPLOYERS 
MARCH 15, 2021. 
DEAR
MEMBERS
OF
CONGRESS: Women’s 
labor force participation is critical to the 
strength of our companies, the growth of our 
economy and the financial security of most 
modern families. The private sector and our 
nation’s elected leaders must work together 
to ensure that working women and families 
have the protections and opportunities they 
need to participate fully and equally in the 
workplace. Twenty-eight leading companies 
from across states and industries have come 
together in support of pregnant workers and 
their families by calling on Congress to pass 
H.R. 2694, the bipartisan Pregnant Workers 
Fairness Act, without delay. 
More than 40 years ago, Congress passed 
the Pregnancy Discrimination Act of 1978, 
which made it illegal to discriminate against 
most working people on the basis of preg-
nancy, childbirth or related medical condi-
tions. Since that time, 30 states and the Dis-
trict of Columbia now require certain em-
ployers to provide accommodations to preg-
nant employees at work. It’s now time to 
clarify and strengthen existing federal pro-
tections for pregnant workers by passing the 
Pregnant Workers Fairness Act. This bill 
would ensure that pregnant workers who 
need reasonable accommodations can receive 
them and continue to do their jobs. 
As a business community, we strive to cre-
ate more equitable workplaces and better 
support pregnant workers and their families 
every day. We urge the passage of the Preg-
nant Workers Fairness Act as an important 
advancement toward ensuring the health, 
safety and productivity of our modern work-
force—and the workforce of tomorrow. 
Signed: 
Adobe, San Jose, CA; Amalgamate Bank, 
New York, NY; AnitaB.org, Belmont, CA; 
BASF 
Corporation, 
Florham 
Park, 
NJ; 
Care.com, Inc., Waltham, MA; Chobani, Nor-
wich, NY; Cigna Corp., Bloomfield, CT; Dow, 
Midland, MI; Expedia Group, Seattle, WA; 
Facebook, Menlo Park, CA; Gap Inc., San 
Francisco, CA; H&M USA, New York, NY; 
ICM Partners, Los Angeles, Ca. 
J. Crew, New York, NY; Johnson & John-
son, New Brunswick, NJ; L’Ore´al USA, New 
York, NY; Levi Strauss & Co., San Fran-
cisco, CA; Madewell, Long Island City, NY; 
Mastercard, Purchase, NY; Microsoft Cor-
poration, Redmond, WA; Navient, LLC., Wil-
mington, DE; National Association of Manu-
factures, Washington, DC; Patagonia, Ven-
tura, CA; Paypal, San Jose, CA; Postmates, 
San Francisco, CA. 
Salesforce, San Francisco, CA; Society of 
Women Engineers, Chicago, IL; Spotify, New 
York, NY; Square, Inc., San Francisco, CA; 
Sun Life, Wellesley, MA; U.S. Women’s 
Chamber of Commerce, Washington, DC. 
The Sustainable Food Policy Alliance: 
Danone North America, White Plains, NY; 
Mars Incorporated, McLean, VA; Nestle´ 
USA, Arlington, VA; Unilever United States, 
Englewood Cliffs, NJ. 
Mrs. MCBATH. Mr. Speaker, I urge 
all my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this 
legislation. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute 
to 
the 
gentlewoman 
from 
Michigan (Mrs. MCCLAIN). 
Mrs. MCCLAIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in objection to the Pregnant 
Workers Fairness Act. 
This bill was so close to being a bi-
partisan bill. In fact, I was ready to 
vote ‘‘yes’’ on it because, as the major-
ity of people, I do not believe in dis-
crimination. But at the very last 
minute, the majority had to throw in a 
provision to actually allow discrimina-
tion in a bill that is supposed to be 
about nondiscrimination—the very last 
minute. 
Ranking Member FOXX
offered an 
amendment to protect and not to dis-
criminate against religious organiza-
tions. 
Guess what the majority did? 
They voted it down. 
Remember, this is supposed to be a 
bill about not discriminating, yet we 
vote this down. 
Although the bill sounds good, and as 
a woman—and I will say I am a 
woman—as a mother—and I am proud 
to be a mother—I was also pregnant 
and a worker. So I believe in fairness. 
I believe in nondiscrimination. I be-
lieve in protecting the rights of those 
individuals. 
But let’s stop playing games in Con-
gress. Let’s actually start protecting 
the people who need protection, and 
let’s get to work. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman 
from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank 
the distinguished gentleman 
from Virginia for his kindness. 
This has to pass today if we have any 
sense of fairness not only to women, 
but to our children. 
The Pregnant Workers Fairness Act 
would establish that private-sector em-
ployers with more than 15 employees, 
and 
public-sector 
employers 
must 
make reasonable accommodations for 
pregnant employees, job applicants, 
and individuals with known limitations 
related to pregnancy, childbirth, or re-
lated medical conditions. 
Pregnant workers and individuals 
with known limitations related to 
pregnancy, childbirth, or related med-
ical conditions cannot be denied em-
ployment. 
The Supreme Court decision, just re-
cently, in 2015, that allowed pregnant 
workers to bring reasonable accommo-
dation discrimination claims is not 
enough because pregnant workers are 
still being denied accommodations, be-
cause the Young decision set an unrea-
sonably high standard for proving dis-
crimination. 
This is not discrimination. I have 
never seen a religious organization 
that wants to deny anyone any oppor-
tunity. 
This is a fair assessment. I know it 
personally because I was denied a job 
because I was nursing. A job was taken 
away from me. When I was pregnant 
and was about to give birth, there was 
no definition of pregnancy leave for my 
position. At that time I was a lawyer, 
practicing law in a large firm, and it 
was, at best, two weeks and get back. 
So I understand that this is essential 
for those workers in working condi-
tions where they do not have the power 
to be protected, that they are doing 
heavy lifting, that they have phys-
ically demanding jobs, that they are 
the sole provider of their family. 
This is important. Black and Latino 
women particularly suffer, minority 
women, particularly a burden. 
Three in ten pregnant workers are 
employed in four of the occupations 
that make up the backbone of our com-
munities. We must have this bill. 
I ask my colleagues to support this 
legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD 
a letter from the disabled community, 
mental health community, United Spi-
nal Association, and others. 
MAY 11, 2021. 
Re Support for Pregnant Workers Fairness 
Act, H.R. 1065. 
Hon. BOBBY SCOTT, 
Chairman, Committee on Education and Labor, 
House of Representatives, Washington DC. 
Hon. VIRGINIA FOXX, 
Ranking Member, Committee on Education and 
Labor, House of Representatives, Wash-
ington DC. 
DEAR CHAIRMAN SCOTT AND RANKING MEM-
BER FOXX: As co-chairs of the Consortium for 
Citizens with Disabilities (CCD) Rights Task 
Force, we write in strong support of the 
Pregnant Workers Fairness Act, H.R. 1065. 
CCD is the largest coalition of national orga-
nizations working together to advocate for 
federal public policy that ensures the self-de-
termination, independence, empowerment, 
integration and inclusion of children and 
adults with disabilities in all aspects of soci-
ety. 
The 
Americans 
with 
Disabilities 
Act 
(ADA)’s mandate that covered employers 
make reasonable accommodations to ensure 
equal opportunity for applicants and employ-
ees with disabilities has been tremendously 
important in helping people with disabilities 
secure and maintain employment. While the 
ADA does not cover pregnancy itself as a dis-
ability, in light of the ADA Amendments 
Act, which lowered the standard for dem-
onstrating a disability from what the courts 
had previously applied, many pregnant work-
ers who experience pregnancy-related com-
plications should be covered as people with 
disabilities and entitled to reasonable ac-
commodations under the ADA. Yet many 
courts have continued to interpret the 
ADA’s coverage narrowly, and in practice, 
large numbers of pregnant workers are not 
offered reasonable accommodations. Fur-
thermore, a clear pregnancy accommodation 
standard will help prevent pregnancy-related 
complications before they arise. Such ac-
commodations should be provided to preg-
nant workers so that they can remain in the 
workforce and not lose their employment 
simply because they experience pregnancy- 
related limitations. 
The accommodation requirement of H.R. 
1065 is limited, as is the ADA’s accommoda-
tion requirement, to those accommodations 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:07 May 15, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00009
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.012
H14MYPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 8-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H2328 
May 14, 2021 
that are reasonable and would not impose an 
undue hardship. That standard takes into ac-
count the needs of employers while also en-
suring that pregnant workers can stay on 
the job with reasonable accommodations. 
This protection is critical not only for preg-
nant workers but for our national economy. 
The Pregnant Workers Fairness Act is par-
ticularly important to people with disabil-
ities. Many people with disabilities who did 
not require accommodations before becom-
ing pregnant experience new complications 
due to how pregnancy impacts their disabil-
ities, and need accommodations once they 
become pregnant. These workers are some-
times told that they are not entitled to ac-
commodations because the employer views 
the need for accommodation as related to 
pregnancy rather than to the worker’s un-
derlying disability. 
We thank the Committee for moving the 
bill forward and urge all members of the 
House of Representatives to vote for the 
Pregnant Workers Fairness Act and oppose 
any motion to recommit. 
Sincerely, 
JENNIFER MATHIS, 
Bazelon 
Center 
for 
Mental Health Law. 
STEPHEN LIEBERMAN, 
United Spinal Associa-
tion. 
ALLISON NICHOL, 
Epilepsy Foundation. 
KELLY BUCKLAND, 
National Council on 
Independent Living. 
SAMANTHA CRANE, 
Autistic Self Advocacy 
Network. 
MOLLY BURGDORF, 
The Arc of the United 
States. 
Co-chairs, CCD Rights Task Force. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
include in the RECORD a letter rep-
resenting organizations from Black 
Mamas Matter Alliance, to March of 
Dimes, to 1,000 Days to Academy of Nu-
trition and Dietetics. 
MAY 11, 2021. 
Re Support the Pregnant Workers Fairness 
Act. 
DEAR
REPRESENTATIVE: The undersigned 
organizations dedicated to assuring quality 
maternal, infant, and child health and well- 
being, improving pregnancy and birth out-
comes, and closing racial disparities in ma-
ternal health enthusiastically support the 
Pregnant Workers Fairness Act (H.R. 1065). 
Modeled after the Americans with Disabil-
ities Act, the bill would require employers to 
provide reasonable, temporary workplace ac-
commodations to pregnant workers as long 
as the accommodation does not impose an 
undue hardship on the employer. This bill is 
critically important because no one should 
have to choose between having a healthy 
pregnancy and a paycheck. 
Congress must do all it can to end the prej-
udice pregnant workers, especially Black 
pregnant workers and workers of color, con-
tinue to face in the workplace. This includes 
making sure when pregnant workers voice a 
need for reasonable accommodations that 
those needs are met rather than penalized 
and that the workplace is an environment 
where pregnant workers do not fear asking 
for the accommodations they need to main-
tain their health. 
Three-quarters of women will be pregnant 
and employed at some point in their lives.) 
(Most pregnant workers can expect a routine 
pregnancy 
and 
healthy 
birth. 
However, 
health care professionals have consistently 
recommended that some pregnant individ-
uals make adjustments in their work activi-
ties to sustain a healthy pregnancy and pre-
vent adverse pregnancy outcomes, including 
preterm birth or miscarriage. These medi-
cally necessary workplace accommodations 
can include allowing additional bathroom 
breaks, opportunities to stay hydrated, lift-
ing restrictions, or access to a chair or stool 
to decrease time spent standing. 
Unfortunately, too many pregnant work-
ers, particularly pregnant people of color, 
face barriers to incorporating even these 
small changes to their workdays. For exam-
ple, Black women experience maternal mor-
tality rates three to four times higher than 
white women, with Indigenous women simi-
larly experiencing disproportionately high 
rates. The circumstances surrounding these 
alarming statistics can often be attributed 
to a lack of access to care, including due to 
inflexible workplaces, and deep biases in ra-
cial understanding. Various social deter-
minants such as health, education, and eco-
nomic status drastically influence the out-
comes of pregnancy for Black women leading 
to severe pregnancy-related complications. 
As the Black Mamas Matter Alliance has 
pointed out ‘‘Health is determined in part by 
our access to social and economic opportuni-
ties, the resources and supports that are 
available in the places where we live, and the 
safety of our workplaces . . . however, dis-
parities in these conditions of daily life give 
some people better opportunities to be 
healthy than others.’’ Black pregnant work-
ers along with Latinx and immigrant women 
are disproportionately likely to work in 
physically demanding jobs that may lead to 
workers needing modest accommodations to 
ensure a healthy pregnancy. Too often, how-
ever, those requests are refused or ignored, 
forcing pregnant workers of color to dis-
proportionately contend with unsafe work-
ing conditions. 
Furthermore, Black mothers have among 
the highest labor force participation rates in 
the country and 80 percent of Black mothers 
are their family’s primary breadwinner. Yet, 
historically, Black women have been ex-
ploited in the workplace, and that exploi-
tation continues to this day. Though Black 
women only comprise 14.3 percent of the pop-
ulation, nearly thirty percent of pregnancy 
discrimination complaints are filed by Black 
women. This is because of the multiple forms 
of discrimination Black workers and other 
workers of color too often face in the work-
place. As scholar Nina Banks has noted, 
‘‘The legacy of black women’s employment 
in industries that lack worker protections 
has continued today since black women are 
concentrated in low-paying, inflexible serv-
ice occupations . . .’’ Black women in low 
wage jobs working during pregnancy face lit-
tle support from employers when safeguards 
do not address pregnancy related accom-
modations. Faced with the threat of termi-
nation, loss of health insurance, or other 
benefits, Black pregnant people are often 
forced to keep working which can com-
promise their health and the health of their 
pregnancy. 
Workplace accommodations help safeguard 
a healthy pregnancy or prevent harm to a 
higher-risk pregnancy. Across the country, 
pregnant workers continue to be denied sim-
ple, no-cost or lowcost, temporary adjust-
ments in their work settings or activities 
and instead risk being fired or forced to take 
unpaid leave to preserve the health of their 
pregnancy. 
This impossible choice forces many preg-
nant workers to continue working without 
accommodations, putting women and their 
pregnancies at risk of long-lasting and se-
vere health consequences. When pregnant 
workers must continue working without ac-
commodations, they risk miscarriage, exces-
sive bleeding, and other devastating health 
consequences. Black women have the highest 
incidence of preterm birth and yet we know 
that workplace accommodations such as re-
ducing heavy lifting, bending, or excessive 
standing can help prevent preterm birth, the 
leading cause of infant mortality in this 
country. 
Black women also experience higher rates 
of preeclampsia, which is one of the leading 
causes of maternal mortality. We are still 
learning about how to prevent this dan-
gerous medical condition, yet we know that 
simply allowing workers to take bathroom 
breaks can prevent urinary tract infections 
which 
are 
‘‘strongly 
associated 
with 
preeclampsia. Similarly, ensuring pregnant 
workers can drink a sufficient amount of 
water can also help pregnant workers main-
tain their blood pressure which is critically 
important since hypertensive disorders (high 
blood pressure) are also a leading cause of 
maternal morbidity and mortality. By put-
ting a national pregnancy accommodation 
standard in place, the Pregnant Workers 
Fairness Act has the potential to improve 
some of the most serious health con-
sequences Black pregnant people experience. 
Furthermore, the Pregnant Workers Fair-
ness Act will help remove one of the many 
barriers Black pregnant people face at work 
by ensuring they are afforded immediate re-
lief under the law, and not thrown into fi-
nancial dire straits for needing pregnancy 
accommodations. 
The Pregnant Workers Fairness Act is a 
measured approach to a serious problem. As 
organizations dedicated to maternal health 
and closing racial disparities in pregnancy 
and birth outcomes, we understand the im-
portance of reasonable workplace accom-
modations to ensure that pregnant persons 
can continue to provide for their families 
and have safe and healthy pregnancies. We 
collectively urge swift passage of the Preg-
nant Workers Fairness Act. 
Sincerely, 
Black Mamas Matter Alliance; March of 
Dimes; National WIC Association; 1,000 Days; 
Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics; Amer-
ican Academy of Pediatrics; American Col-
lege of Obstetricians and Gynecologists; Ag-
ricultural Justice Project; Ancient Song 
Doula Services; Association of Maternal & 
Child Health Programs; Baobab Birth Collec-
tive; Black Women’s Health Imperative; 
Breastfeeding in Combat Boots. 
California WIC Association; Centering Eq-
uity, Race & Cultural Literacy in Family 
Planning (CERCL-FP); Earth Action, Inc.; 
Farmworker 
and 
Landscaper 
Advocacy 
Project; Farmworker Association of Florida; 
Feminist Women’s Health Center; First 
Focus Campaign for Children; Healthy Moth-
ers, Healthy Babies Coalition of Georgia; 
Healthy 
Women; 
Human 
Rights 
Watch; 
Mom2Mom 
Global; 
NARAL 
Pro-Choice 
America. 
National Association of Nurse Practi-
tioners in Women’s Health; National Birth 
Equity Collaborative; National Partnership 
for Women & Families; National Women’s 
Health Network; Nebraska WIC Association; 
Nurse-Family Partnership; Physicians for 
Reproductive Health; Planned Parenthood 
Federation 
of 
America; 
Public 
Citizen, 
SisterReach; SisterSong National Women of 
Color Reproductive Justice Collective; U.S. 
Breastfeeding Committee; Workplace Fair-
ness; Wisconsin WIC Association; ZERO TO 
THREE. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
include in the RECORD a letter from the 
YWCA dealing with 200 local organiza-
tions in 45 States. 
YWCA USA, 
Washington, DC, May 11, 2021. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE: On behalf of YWCA 
USA, a network of over 200 local associations 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:48 May 15, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00010
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.009
H14MYPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 9-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H2329 
May 14, 2021 
in 45 states and the District of Columbia, I 
write today to urge you to pass the Pregnant 
Workers Fairness Act (H.R. 1065). As the 
economy continues to struggle under the 
weight of the COVID–19 pandemic dispropor-
tionately affecting women and marginalized 
communities, there is no better time to take 
action to improve the economic security of 
women and families and strengthen our 
economy. I urge you to pass H.R. 1065 with-
out delay. 
For over 160 years, YWCA has been on a 
mission 
to 
eliminate 
racism, 
empower 
women, and promote peace, justice, freedom, 
and dignity for all. From our earliest days 
providing skills and housing support to 
women entering the workforce in the 1850s, 
YWCA has been at the forefront of the most 
pressing 
social 
movements—from 
voting 
rights to civil rights, from affordable hous-
ing to pay equity, from violence prevention 
to health care reform. Today, we serve over 
2 million women, girls and family members 
of all ages and backgrounds in more than 
1,200 communities each year. 
Informed by our extensive history, the ex-
pertise of our nationwide network, and our 
collective commitment to advocating for the 
equity of women and families, we believe 
that no one should have to choose between 
their livelihoods and their health, family, or 
safety. Yet far too many women and fami-
lies, including a disproportionate number of 
women and families of color, must make this 
choice every day. This has become more 
clear as the effects of the COVID–19 pan-
demic become more transparent. The impact 
of the COVID–19 pandemic has fallen heavily 
on women and women of color. Women are 
especially likely to be essential workers, but 
they are also bearing the brunt of job losses, 
while shouldering increased caregiving re-
sponsibilities that have pushed millions out 
of the workforce entirely, resulting in an 
economic 
‘‘Shesession’’. 
Black 
women, 
Latinas, and other women of color are espe-
cially likely to be on the front lines of the 
crisis, risking their lives in jobs in health 
care, child care, and grocery stores, all while 
being paid less than their male counterparts. 
Pregnant employees are no exception to this 
situation and often forced out of work or 
forced to risk their health due to unclear 
laws around pregnancy accommodations, 
particularly during the pandemic. 
The bipartisan Pregnant Workers Fairness 
Act (H.R. 1065) takes critical steps to pro-
mote healthy pregnancies and support the 
economic security of pregnancy workers. 
Today, women are a primary source of finan-
cial support for many families and bear sig-
nificant caretaking responsibilities at home. 
At least half of all households in the U.S. 
with children under the age of 18 have either 
a single mother who heads a household or a 
married mother who provides at least 40 per-
cent of a family’s earnings. Additionally, 
more than four in five Black mothers 
(81.1%), 67.1% of Native American mothers, 
and 52.5% of Latina mothers are bread-
winners. As demographics shifts and a higher 
number of women take their place in the 
workforce, a higher number of pregnant 
workers than ever before are working later 
into their pregnancies, often in physically 
demanding jobs without worker accommoda-
tions. As a result, too many pregnant work-
ers are pushed out into unpaid leave or out 
of work altogether, threatening their fami-
lies’ economic security just when they need 
the income the most. The Pregnant Workers 
Fairness Act would require employers to pro-
vide reasonable accommodations to pregnant 
workers who need them, such as avoiding 
heavy lifting, taking more frequent bath-
room breaks, sitting on a stool instead of 
standing during a shift, or carrying a water 
bottle. States, localities, and businesses that 
have begun to adopt policies similar to those 
identified in the Pregnant Workers Fairness 
Act have reported reduced lawsuits and 
greater employee morale. Providing reason-
able accommodations for pregnant women 
will benefit both the employer and employ-
ees. 
No one should have to choose between 
their paycheck and a healthy pregnancy—an 
issue only to be exacerbated by the pan-
demic—and it’s time Congress took action to 
protect pregnant workers. If passed, this bill 
would take critical steps towards strength-
ening women’s economic security, particu-
larly at a time when the country continues 
to recover from the COVID–19 pandemic. At 
this pivotal moment, Congress must take ag-
gressive action to address the economic dis-
parities disproportionately affecting women 
and women of color. We urge you to pass the 
Pregnant Workers Fairness Act (H.R 1065) 
today. 
Thank you for your time and consider-
ation. Please contact Pam Yuen, YWCA USA 
Director of Government Relations, if you 
have any questions. 
Sincerely, 
ELISHA RHODES, 
Interim CEO & Chief Operating Officer. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, 
women are in the workplace. They are 
the backbone of this economy. We need 
to pass this legislation and pass it now. 
I thank Mr. SCOTT and Mr. NADLER 
for their leadership. 
Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the Ju-
diciary, Homeland Security, and Budget Com-
mittees, the Democratic Working Women Task 
Force, the Founder and Co-Chair of the Con-
gressional Children’s Caucus, and as cospon-
sor, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1065, the 
Pregnant Workers Fairness Act (PWFA), 
which would ensure that pregnant workers can 
continue to do their jobs and support their 
families by requiring employers to make work-
place adjustments for those workers who need 
them due to pregnancy, childbirth, and related 
medical conditions, like breastfeeding. 
The Pregnant Workers Fairness Act would 
establish that private sector employers with 
more than 15 employees and public sector 
employers must make reasonable accom-
modations for pregnant employees, job appli-
cants, and individuals with known limitations 
related to pregnancy, childbirth, or related 
medical conditions. 
Similar to the Americans with Disabilities 
Act, employers are not required to make an 
accommodation if it imposes an undue hard-
ship on an employer’s business. 
Pregnant 
workers 
and 
individuals 
with 
known limitations related to pregnancy, child-
birth, or related medical conditions cannot be 
denied employment opportunities, retaliated 
against for requesting a reasonable accommo-
dation, or forced to take paid or unpaid leave 
if another reasonable accommodation is avail-
able. 
Workers denied a reasonable accommoda-
tion under the Pregnant Workers Fairness Act 
will have the same rights and remedies as 
those established under Title VII of the Civil 
Rights Act of 1964, including recovery of lost 
pay, compensatory damages, and reasonable 
attorneys’ fees. 
While the Pregnancy Discrimination Act 
(PDA) and the Americans with Disabilities Act 
(ADA) provide some protections for pregnant 
workers, there is currently no federal law that 
explicitly and affirmatively guarantees all preg-
nant workers the right to a reasonable accom-
modation so they can continue working with-
out jeopardizing their pregnancy. 
The Supreme Court’s landmark decision in 
Young v. United Parcel Service, 575 U.S. —, 
No. 12–1226, 135 S.Ct. 1338; 191 L. Ed. 2d 
279 (2015) allowed pregnant workers to bring 
reasonable 
accommodation 
discrimination 
claims under the PDA. 
But pregnant workers are still being denied 
accommodations because the Young decision 
set an unreasonably high standard for proving 
discrimination, requiring workers to prove that 
their employers accommodated non-pregnant 
workers with similar limitations. 
The fact is, Mr. Speaker, there are no simi-
lar conditions to pregnancy. 
As a result, in two-thirds of cases after 
Young, courts ruled against pregnant workers 
who were seeking accommodations under the 
PDA. 
Providing accommodations ensures that 
women can work safely while pregnant instead 
of getting pushed out of work at a time when 
they may need their income the most. 
The Pregnant Workers Fairness Act is espe-
cially important considering that many preg-
nant workers hold physically demanding or 
hazardous jobs, and thus may be especially 
likely to need reasonable accommodations at 
some point during their pregnancy. 
Mr. Speaker, research shows that pregnant 
workers are likely to hold jobs that involve 
standing and making continuous movements, 
which can raise specific challenges during 
pregnancy. 
Such physically demanding work—including 
jobs that require prolonged standing, long 
work hours, irregular work schedules, heavy 
lifting, or high physical activity—carries an in-
creased risk of pre-term delivery and low birth 
weight. 
Twenty-one (20.9) percent of pregnant 
workers are employed in low-wage jobs, which 
are particularly likely to be physically demand-
ing. 
Pregnant black and Latina women are dis-
proportionately represented in low-wage jobs, 
which means as a result, these workers are 
especially likely to stand, walk or run continu-
ously during work, and therefore may be more 
likely to need an accommodation at some 
point during pregnancy to continue to work 
safely. 
Three in ten pregnant workers are employed 
in four of the occupations that make up the 
backbone of our communities: elementary 
school teachers, nurses, and home health 
aides. 
Employers 
can 
accommodate 
pregnant 
workers because pregnant women make up a 
small share of the workforce, even in the oc-
cupations where they are most likely to work, 
which means that only a very small share of 
an employer’s workforce is likely to require 
pregnancy accommodations in any given year 
since less than two percent of all workers in 
the United States are pregnant each year. 
Not all pregnant workers require any form of 
accommodation at work, so only a fraction of 
that small fraction will need accommodations. 
For example, pregnant women are most 
likely to work as elementary and middle school 
teachers but only three percent (3.2 percent) 
of all elementary and middle school teachers 
are pregnant women. 
But workers employed in four of the ten 
most common occupations for pregnant work-
ers—retail salesperson; waiter or waitress; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:07 May 15, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00011
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.018
H14MYPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 10-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H2330 
May 14, 2021 
nursing, psychiatric and home health aide; and 
cashier—who report continuously standing on 
the job would particularly benefit from this leg-
islation. 
Mr. Speaker, prolonged standing at work 
has been shown to more than triple the odds 
of pregnant women taking leave during preg-
nancy or becoming unemployed. 
Another four of the ten most common occu-
pations for pregnant workers—waiter or wait-
ress; nursing, psychiatric and home health 
aide; cashier; and secretaries and administra-
tive assistants—involve making repetitive mo-
tions continuously on the job which have been 
shown to increase the likelihood of pregnant 
women taking sick leave. 
Pregnant workers in low-wage jobs are par-
ticularly in need of this legislation granting 
them the clear legal right to receive accom-
modations because, in addition to the phys-
ically demanding nature of their jobs, they 
often face inflexible workplace cultures that 
make it difficult to informally address preg-
nancy-related needs. 
For instance, workplace flexibility—such as 
the ability to alter start and end times or take 
time off for a doctor’s appointment—is ex-
tremely limited for workers in low-wage jobs. 
Over 40 percent of full-time workers in low- 
wage jobs report that their employers do not 
permit them to decide when to take breaks; 
between two-thirds and three-quarters of full- 
time workers in low-wage jobs report that they 
are unable to choose their start and quit times; 
and roughly half report having very little or no 
control over the scheduling of hours more 
generally. 
The second most common occupation for 
pregnant Latinas—maids and housekeeping 
cleaners—is especially physically demanding 
because, according to the data, 80 percent of 
maids and housekeeping cleaners stood con-
tinuously, 38 percent were exposed to disease 
daily, and 70 percent walked or ran continu-
ously on the job. 
Occupations that have seen the most 
growth among pregnant women in the past 
decade expose many workers to disease or 
infection daily; depending on the disease, this 
can pose particular challenges to some preg-
nant workers at some points during preg-
nancy. 
When pregnant workers are exposed to 
some diseases, they face particular risks; 
pregnant women with rubella are at risk for 
miscarriage or stillbirth and their developing 
fetuses are at risk for severe birth defects. 
Mr. Speaker, no one should have to choose 
between a paycheck and a healthy pregnancy, 
which is why they should have clear rights to 
reasonable accommodations on the job to en-
sure they are not forced off the job at the mo-
ment they can least afford it. 
I urge all Members to join me in voting for 
H.R. 1065, the Pregnant Workers Fairness 
Act. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Virginia 
(Mr. GOOD). 
Mr. GOOD of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
it amazes me that House Democrats 
are claiming to champion the cause of 
pregnant worker fairness when they 
are so radically anti-life. 
How can Democrats claim to support 
fairness or champion pregnancy when 
they support taxpayer-funded abortion 
for any reason at any time on demand? 
How can they claim this with a 
straight face when they minimize the 
sanctity of life and the family? 
Democrats say they are pro-choice. 
So you would think they must at least 
be okay with the choice of some reli-
gious employers to object to helping 
their employees get an abortion and 
would provide an accommodation for 
religious reasons under this bill. 
It would seem reasonable for some-
one who says they are pro-choice to 
support the notion that if someone gets 
an abortion, they can’t force their em-
ployer to be part of this choice. 
But Democrats refuse to allow lan-
guage to protect religious freedom in 
this bill. The fact is, Democrats are 
only pro-choice when the choice is 
abortion, 
the 
taking 
of 
innocent 
human life. 
Protections already exist for preg-
nant workers through the Pregnancy 
Discrimination Act and the Americans 
with Disabilities Act. 
I oppose these additional heavy-hand-
ed regulations. I trust America’s small 
business owners to treat their employ-
ees fairly. I honor the constitutional 
mandate that States should make their 
own healthcare policy. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 11⁄4 minutes to the gentlewoman 
from 
Florida 
(Ms. 
WASSERMAN 
SCHULTZ). 
Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise in strong support of the 
Pregnant Workers Fairness Act, a bi-
partisan proposal that will finally se-
cure clear protection for pregnant 
workers. 
Pregnant women should not have to 
risk their lives on the job. Yet, too 
often, instead of offering accommoda-
tions routinely given to other employ-
ees, a pregnant worker risks termi-
nation, meaning she loses her paycheck 
and health insurance right when she 
needs them the most. 
We know that COVID–19 has exacer-
bated health inequalities for women, 
especially women of color. 
Before the pandemic, moms in the 
U.S. already struggled and died from 
pregnancy-related causes at the high-
est rate in the developed world, with 
Black moms dying three to four times 
the rate of their White peers. 
Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD 
a letter on behalf of maternal health 
organizations who support putting a 
national 
pregnancy 
accommodation 
standard in place. 
MAY 11, 2021. 
Re Support the Pregnant Workers Fairness 
Act. 
DEAR
REPRESENTATIVE: The undersigned 
organizations dedicated to assuring quality 
maternal, infant, and child health and well- 
being, improving pregnancy and birth out-
comes, and closing racial disparities in ma-
ternal health enthusiastically support the 
Pregnant Workers Fairness Act (H.R. 1065). 
Modeled after the Americans with Disabil-
ities Act, the bill would require employers to 
provide reasonable, temporary workplace ac-
commodations to pregnant workers as long 
as the accommodation does not impose an 
undue hardship on the employer. This bill is 
critically important because no one should 
have to choose between having a healthy 
pregnancy and a paycheck. 
Congress must do all it can to end the prej-
udice pregnant workers, especially Black 
pregnant workers and workers of color, con-
tinue to face in the workplace. This includes 
making sure when pregnant workers voice a 
need for reasonable accommodations that 
those needs are met rather than penalized 
and that the workplace is an environment 
where pregnant workers do not fear asking 
for the accommodations they need to main-
tain their health. 
Three-quarters of women will be pregnant 
and employed at some point in their lives. 
Most pregnant workers can expect a routine 
pregnancy 
and 
healthy 
birth. 
However, 
health care professionals have consistently 
recommended that some pregnant individ-
uals make adjustments in their work activi-
ties to sustain a healthy pregnancy and pre-
vent adverse pregnancy outcomes, including 
preterm birth or miscarriage. These medi-
cally necessary workplace accommodations 
can include allowing additional bathroom 
breaks, opportunities to stay hydrated, lift-
ing restrictions, or access to a chair or stool 
to decrease time spent standing. 
Unfortunately, too many pregnant work-
ers, particularly pregnant people of color, 
face barriers to incorporating even these 
small changes to their workdays. For exam-
ple, Black women experience maternal mor-
tality rates three to four times higher than 
white women, with Indigenous women simi-
larly experiencing disproportionately high 
rates. The circumstances surrounding these 
alarming statistics can often be attributed 
to a lack of access to care, including due to 
inflexible workplaces, and deep biases in ra-
cial understanding. Various social deter-
minants such as health, education, and eco-
nomic status drastically influence the out-
comes of pregnancy for Black women leading 
to severe pregnancy-related complications. 
As the Black Mamas Matter Alliance has 
pointed out ‘‘Health is determined in part by 
our access to social and economic opportuni-
ties, the resources and supports that are 
available in the places where we live, and the 
safety of our Workplaces . . . however, dis-
parities in these conditions of daily life give 
some people better opportunities to be 
healthy than others. Black pregnant workers 
along with Latinx and immigrant women are 
disproportionately likely to work in phys-
ically demanding jobs that may lead to 
workers needing modest accommodations to 
ensure a healthy pregnancy. Too often, how-
ever, those requests are refused or ignored, 
forcing pregnant workers of color to dis-
proportionately contend with unsafe work-
ing conditions. 
Furthermore, Black mothers have among 
the highest labor force participation rates in 
the country and 80 percent of Black mothers 
are their family’s primary breadwinner. Yet, 
historically, Black women have been ex-
ploited in the workplace, and that exploi-
tation continues to this day. Though Black 
women only comprise 14.3 percent of the pop-
ulation, nearly thirty percent of pregnancy 
discrimination complaints are filed by Black 
women. This is because of the multiple forms 
of discrimination Black workers and other 
workers of color too often face in the work-
place. As scholar Nina Banks has noted, 
‘‘The legacy of black women’s employment 
in industries that lack worker protections 
has continued today since black women are 
concentrated in low-paying, inflexible serv-
ice occupations . . .’’ Black women in low 
wage jobs working during pregnancy face lit-
tle support from employers when safeguards 
do not address pregnancy related accom-
modations. Faced with the threat of termi-
nation, loss of health insurance, or other 
benefits, Black pregnant people are often 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:48 May 15, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00012
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.019
H14MYPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 11-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H2331 
May 14, 2021 
forced to keep working which can com-
promise their health and the health of their 
pregnancy. 
Workplace accommodations help safeguard 
a healthy pregnancy or prevent harm to a 
higher-risk pregnancy. Across the country, 
pregnant workers continue to be denied sim-
ple, no-cost or lowcost, temporary adjust-
ments in their work settings or activities 
and instead risk being fired or forced to take 
unpaid leave to preserve the health of their 
pregnancy. 
This impossible choice forces many preg-
nant workers to continue working without 
accommodations, putting women and their 
pregnancies at risk of long-lasting and se-
vere health consequences. When pregnant 
workers must continue working without ac-
commodations, they risk miscarriage, exces-
sive bleeding, and other devastating health 
consequences. Black women have the highest 
incidence of preterm birth and yet we know 
that workplace accommodations such as re-
ducing heavy lifting, bending, or excessive 
standing can help prevent preterm birth, the 
leading cause of infant mortality in this 
country. 
Black women also experience higher rates 
of preeclampsia, which is one of the leading 
causes of maternal mortality. We are still 
learning about how to prevent this dan-
gerous medical condition, yet we know that 
simply allowing workers to take bathroom 
breaks can prevent urinary tract infections 
which 
are 
‘‘strongly 
associated 
with 
preeclampsia.’’ Similarly, ensuring pregnant 
workers can drink a sufficient amount of 
water can also help pregnant workers main-
tain their blood pressure, which is critically 
important since hypertensive disorders (high 
blood pressure) are also a leading cause of 
maternal morbidity and mortality. By put-
ting a national pregnancy accommodation 
standard in place, the Pregnant Workers 
Fairness Act has the potential to improve 
some of the most serious health con-
sequences Black pregnant people experience. 
Furthermore, the Pregnant Workers Fair-
ness Act will help remove one of the many 
barriers Black pregnant people face at work 
by ensuring they are afforded immediate re-
lief under the law, and not thrown into fi-
nancial dire straits for needing pregnancy 
accommodations. 
The Pregnant Workers Fairness Act is a 
measured approach to a serious problem. As 
organizations dedicated to maternal health 
and closing racial disparities in pregnancy 
and birth outcomes, we understand the im-
portance of reasonable workplace accom-
modations to ensure that pregnant persons 
can continue to provide for their families 
and have safe and healthy pregnancies. We 
collectively urge swift passage of the Preg-
nant Workers Fairness Act. 
Sincerely, 
Black Mamas Matter Alliance; March of 
Dimes; National WIC Association; 1,000 Days; 
A Better Balance; Academy of Nutrition and 
Dietetics; American Academy of Pediatrics; 
American Civil Liberties Union; American 
College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists; 
Agricultural Justice Project; Ancient Song 
Doula Services; Association of Maternal & 
Child Health Programs; Baobab Birth Collec-
tive. 
Black 
Women’s 
Health 
Imperative; 
Breastfeeding in Combat Boots; California 
WIC Association; Centering Equity, Race & 
Cultural 
Literacy 
in 
Family 
Planning 
(CERCL-FP); Earth Action, Inc.; Farm-
worker and Landscaper Advocacy Project; 
Farmworker Association of Florida; Femi-
nist Women’s Health Center; First Focus 
Campaign for Children; Healthy Mothers, 
Healthy Babies Coalition of Georgia; Healthy 
Women; Human Rights Watch; Mom2Mom 
Global; NARAL Pro-Choice America. 
National Association of Nurse Practi-
tioners in Women’s Health; National Birth 
Equity Collaborative; National Partnership 
for Women & Families; National Women’s 
Health Network; National Women’s Law 
Center; Nebraska WIC Association; Nurse- 
Family Partnership; Physicians for Repro-
ductive Health; Planned Parenthood Federa-
tion of America; Public Citizen; SisterReach; 
SisterSong National Women of Color Repro-
ductive 
Justice 
Collective; 
U.S. 
Breastfeeding Committee; Workplace Fair-
ness; Wisconsin WIC Association; ZERO TO 
THREE. 
Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. 
Speaker, the Pregnant Workers Fair-
ness Act can improve some of the most 
serious 
health 
consequences 
Black 
pregnant women experience in the 
workplace. 
Federal 
protections 
for 
pregnant 
workers are stuck in the 1950s. In 2021, 
it is past time for workplaces to ac-
commodate our families and protect all 
pregnant workers. It is women and 
families who keep our economy and 
communities running. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
vote ‘‘yes.’’ 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, Democrats claim it is 
not necessary to incorporate the reli-
gious organization protection from the 
Civil Rights Act in H.R. 1065 because 
the bill does not repeal that provision 
and it will still be effective if the bill 
becomes law. I strongly disagree. 
H.R. 1065 will create legal jeopardy 
for religious organizations, as I have 
previously stated. 
But for the sake of argument, let’s 
assume the provision is superfluous. 
What would be the harm in including 
the Civil Rights Act provision in H.R. 
1065? 
At worst, the provision would be du-
plicative with the Civil Rights Act, 
causing no harm to workers or employ-
ers. 
Let’s remember that the Americans 
with Disabilities Act of 1990, better 
known as the ADA, includes a religious 
organization protection similar to the 
one in the Civil Rights Act of 1964. The 
ADA provision has caused no harm. 
My conclusion is that the key spon-
sors of H.R. 1065 are saying the quiet 
part out loud in their opposition to the 
religious organization protection in the 
Civil Rights Act of 1964. 
I have reached this conclusion be-
cause Democrats have also claimed 
that the Civil Rights Act provision is 
overinclusive, to begin with, and would 
provide too much protection in this in-
stance. 
Are Democrats saying that the exist-
ing Civil Rights Act protection for reli-
gious organizations should also be re-
pealed? 
Again, this is a provision that has 
been law for 56 years. 
As I have stated previously, the long-
standing Civil Rights Act religious or-
ganization protection should be added 
to H.R. 1065. At worst, it would do no 
harm. At best, it will prevent religious 
organizations from being required to 
violate their faith. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman 
from New York (Mr. KATKO), the lead 
cosponsor of this legislation. 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
strong support of the Pregnant Work-
ers Fairness Act. 
I was proud to join Chairman NADLER 
and Representatives Herrera Beutler, 
McBath, and Scott in introducing this 
important bipartisan bill. 
This legislation addresses a seem-
ingly simple issue that I have no doubt 
everyone in this Chamber agrees with. 
No mother or mother-to-be should have 
to choose between being a parent and 
keeping their job. 
This commonsense notion is, unfor-
tunately, not the reality in many 
places in the United States. 
Before my home State of New York 
passed a law prohibiting discrimination 
against pregnant workers, I heard far 
too many stories of pregnant women 
facing discrimination in the workforce 
and 
having 
to 
choose 
between 
a 
healthy pregnancy and a paycheck. 
There was Yvette, a single mother of 
three, who worked in the same grocery 
store for 11 years. Having suffered mis-
carriages in the past, she knew her 
pregnancy was high risk, and she gave 
her employer a doctor’s note with a 
lifting restriction. 
Instead, she was fired, despite the 
fact that an employee with a shoulder 
injury had been accommodated with 
lighter work. 
b 0945 
She lost her health insurance and 
had to go on Medicaid. She and her 
family survived on food stamps and 
savings. 
Then there was Hilda, an employee at 
a Dollar Tree who worked there for 3 
years when she became pregnant. As 
her pregnancy progressed, it became 
painful to stand at the cash register for 
8 hours to 10 hours at a time. Denied 
her request for a stool, she began to ex-
perience severe complications, includ-
ing 
bleeding 
and 
premature 
labor 
pains, and was put on bed rest. With no 
paid leave, she and her family strug-
gled to make ends meet. 
These women and others who have 
been subject to similar discrimination 
in the workforce suffered an unthink-
able physical and financial toll. The 
Pregnant Workers Fairness Act en-
sures that going forward, no woman 
will face this type of discrimination. 
This bipartisan bill provides preg-
nant workers with an affirmative right 
to reasonable—and I stress the word 
‘‘reasonable’’—accommodations in the 
workplace while creating a clear and 
navigable standard for employers to 
follow. 
These 
accommodations 
are 
minor, as simple as providing an em-
ployee with extra restroom breaks or a 
stool to sit on. 
This bill is not a hiring statute and 
does not amend or eliminate existing 
religious freedom protections. The ar-
guments against this bill made by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:48 May 15, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00013
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.013
H14MYPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 12-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H2332 
May 14, 2021 
some Members of my own party are 
based on inaccuracies or wrongfully de-
tract from the importance of this com-
monsense policy. 
This bill is a product of extensive bi-
partisan negotiation and collaboration 
with advocates and the business com-
munity. Reflecting the widespread sup-
port for this legislation, the bill has re-
ceived numerous endorsements from 
the business community, including the 
U.S. Chamber of Commerce, as well as 
over 180 women’s health, labor, and 
civil rights organizations. 
Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD 
a letter of support from a coalition of 
business groups, including the U.S. 
Chamber of Commerce, SHRM, and the 
National Retail Federation. 
MAY 13, 2021. 
TO THE MEMBERS
OF
THE U.S. HOUSE
OF 
REPRESENTATIVES: We urge Congress to pass 
H.R. 1065, the ‘‘Pregnant Workers Fairness 
Act.’’ This bill would provide pregnant em-
ployees with important workplace protec-
tions while also making sure employers have 
clear and flexible options to ensure pregnant 
employees can remain at work for as long as 
they wish. 
The Pregnant Workers Fairness Act, as re-
ported by the House Education and Labor 
Committee, is a balanced approach that 
clarifies an employer’s obligation to accom-
modate the known limitations of employees 
and job applicants that accompany preg-
nancy. This legislation uses an interactive, 
reasonable accommodation process similar 
to the Americans with Disabilities Act and 
specifies a pregnant employee may take 
leave only after the employer and employee 
have exhausted the possibility of other rea-
sonable accommodations. 
This bipartisan bill is a strong reminder 
that through good faith negotiations, legis-
lative solutions to important workplace 
questions and problems can be found. We be-
lieve that Congress should pass H.R. 1065 
with no changes. 
Sincerely, 
Associated Builders and Contractors, 
BASF Corporation, College and Univer-
sity 
Professional 
Association 
for 
Human Resources, Dow, HR Policy As-
sociation, International Franchise As-
sociation, National Restaurant Asso-
ciation, National Retail Federation, 
pH-D Feminine Health, Retail Industry 
Leaders 
Association, 
Society 
for 
Human Resource Management, U.S. 
Chamber of Commerce. 
Mr. KATKO. Fundamental protec-
tions for mothers and soon-to-be moth-
ers in the workplace are long overdue. 
I strongly urge my colleagues to sup-
port this commonsense, critical legis-
lation. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Illi-
nois (Mrs. MILLER). 
Mrs. MILLER of Illinois. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise in opposition to H.R. 1065, the 
Pregnant Workers Fairness Act. 
The policy choices we make here in 
Congress about labor should be made to 
support the family and our freedoms. 
This is because work, family, and free-
dom support and need each other. If 
one of these aspects is weakened, the 
whole chain is weakened as well. 
The Federal Government is, once 
again, overreaching into our freedoms 
as 
Americans 
with 
this 
Pregnant 
Workers Fairness Act. Passing the 
PWFA means that a small business or 
religious organization could be forced 
to provide paid time off for an em-
ployee to have an abortion or other 
concerning procedures. 
Instead of working to improve our 
systems to support families and the 
workplace, the Democrats are going 
after our First Amendment freedom of 
religion. Religious freedom is a bed-
rock principle of this country, and we 
must protect the ability of all Ameri-
cans to act in accordance with their 
conscience. The Federal Government 
must never infringe on this sacred 
right. 
Religious organizations should be al-
lowed to make religiously based em-
ployment decisions, and States should 
be the leaders in this, not the Federal 
Government. 
We have laws currently in place to 
protect discrimination in the work-
place. The PWFA does not protect reli-
gious employers with the same protec-
tions contained in the Civil Rights Act 
of 1964. For these reasons and more, I 
oppose the Pregnant Workers Fairness 
Act. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself 15 seconds to briefly re-
spond to the fact that, first of all, this 
only applies to those employers with 15 
workers or more. Furthermore, the Re-
ligious Freedom Restoration Act and 
First Amendment still apply. It is hard 
to imagine any religious objection to 
giving a pregnant worker water or an 
extra 
bathroom 
break, 
and 
there 
haven’t been any complaints to the 
EEOC about the failure to do that. 
At this time I yield 1 minute to the 
gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. SCHA-
KOWSKY). 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, 
pregnant women should never have to 
choose between maintaining a healthy 
pregnancy and their paycheck. 
This critical bill will ensure that 
pregnant women get accommodations 
when they need them without facing 
discrimination and/or retaliation at 
work. It will especially help low-paid 
women—largely women of color and 
immigrants—working in jobs that re-
quire prolonged standing, long hours, 
irregular schedules, and heavy lifting 
or physical activity. 
Many people can work just fine with-
out 
accommodations 
through 
their 
pregnancy. However, some in phys-
ically demanding jobs need a tem-
porary adjustment of their job duties 
and perhaps some rules during preg-
nancy so that they can continue to 
work and support their families. 
The Pregnant Workers Fairness Act 
is long overdue, and we think that it is 
common sense. 
Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD 
a letter from the Religious Action Cen-
ter of Reform Judaism. 
RELIGIOUS ACTION CENTER 
OF REFORM JUDAISM, 
Washington, DC, May 11, 2021. 
DEAR MEMBER OF CONGRESS: I write on be-
half of the Union for Reform Judaism, whose 
850 congregations across North America en-
compass approximately 1.8 million Reform 
Jews, and the Central Conference of Amer-
ican Rabbis, whose membership includes 
more than 2,000 Reform rabbis, to express our 
support for the Pregnant Workers Fairness 
Act (H.R. 1065). 
Over 40 years since the passage of the Preg-
nancy Discrimination Act in 1978, pregnant 
workers still face unjust barriers in the 
workplace. No worker should have to choose 
between their pregnancy and their family’s 
financial security, yet due to the lack of ex-
plicit protections for pregnant workers need-
ing onsite accommodations for medical or 
safety reasons, countless workers confront 
the agonizing choice between risking their 
health and facing forced leave, lost benefits, 
or possible termination. 
As the inequitable impact of the pandemic 
has highlighted, People of Color are more 
likely to hold demanding, inflexible jobs 
where they face tradeoffs between their work 
and their health. Illegal pregnancy discrimi-
nation and denial of workplace accommoda-
tions, which disproportionately affect preg-
nant People of Color, contribute to the Black 
maternal health crisis and other forms of ra-
cial inequity. 
The 
Pregnant 
Workers 
Fairness 
Act 
(PWFA) would mitigate these disparities by 
requiring employers to provide reasonable, 
temporary 
accommodations 
to 
pregnant 
workers so that they can remain in the 
workforce throughout their pregnancies. By 
requiring temporary adjustments similar to 
the 
accommodations 
employers 
already 
must provide through the Americans with 
Disabilities Act (ADA), pregnant workers 
would no longer be forced to choose between 
their pregnancies and their paychecks. 
According to the ancient rabbis, workers 
should not be put in the position where they 
have ‘‘to starve or afflict themselves in order 
to feed their children’’ (Tosefta Bava Metzia 
8:2). We are similarly taught that the fair 
treatment of all workers is a matter of 
tzedek, or justice. These moral imperatives 
guide our support for the bipartisan Preg-
nant Workers Fairness Act, and we strongly 
urge Congress to pass this bill to ameliorate 
the impact of discrimination against preg-
nant people in the workplace. 
Sincerely, 
BARBARA WEINSTEIN, 
Director of the Commission on 
Social Action of Reform Judaism. 
Ms. FOXX. I yield myself such time 
as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, in their statements sup-
porting H.R. 1065, Democrat Members 
have encouraged the House to follow 
the examples of States that have en-
acted pregnancy accommodation laws. 
However, the majority of these States 
have laws that include important pro-
tections for religious organizations. 
At least 15 States and the District of 
Columbia have pregnancy discrimina-
tion, 
or 
pregnancy 
accommodation 
laws, that include a religious organiza-
tion protection similar to section 702 of 
the Civil Rights Act. The States in-
clude Arkansas, Hawaii, Iowa, Maine, 
Nebraska, New Jersey, New York, Ohio, 
Oklahoma, South Carolina, Tennessee, 
Texas, Utah, Wisconsin, and Wyoming. 
Kentucky’s pregnancy accommoda-
tion law, which was highlighted by a 
Democrat-invited witness at a hearing 
on the Pregnant Workers Fairness Act 
as a successful workable solution, in-
cludes a limited religious organization 
protection very similar to section 702 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:48 May 15, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00014
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.019
H14MYPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 13-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H2333 
May 14, 2021 
of the Civil Rights Act. Unfortunately, 
the bill before us today omits this 
needed provision. 
If we are to follow the example of 
these 
States 
and 
recommendations 
from congressional testimony, then a 
provision protecting religious organi-
zations should be added to H.R. 1065. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman 
from Michigan (Ms. STEVENS), a mem-
ber of the Committee on Education and 
Labor. 
Ms. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, just a 
few weeks ago, the Census reported 
that the U.S. population grew at its 
slowest rate since the Great Depres-
sion. Birth rates are falling for the 
sixth year in a row. 
A recent Harvard Business Review 
study declared that the United States 
has the most family-hostile policies of 
any 
industrialized 
country 
in 
the 
world. This is a wake-up moment for 
us, and this is why H.R. 1065, the Preg-
nant Workers Fairness Act, couldn’t be 
more important, particularly for the 
unheard, the suffering expectant moth-
er who has to time when she can go to 
the bathroom. 
I hear from teachers all across Michi-
gan who explain this to me: the woman 
who is bleeding and bloating and won-
dering when she can check in with her 
doctor, and then being egregiously 
pushed out of the workplace. 
We are talking about stools, we are 
talking about a place for a pregnant 
woman to sit in the workplace. That is 
why it is so joyous, Mr. Speaker, that 
this bill today is bipartisan. 
Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD 
a letter in support of this legislation 
on behalf of the 1.4 million AFSCME 
workers. 
AFSCME, 
Washington, DC, May 11, 2021. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE: On behalf of the 1.4 
million members of the American Federation 
of State, County and Municipal Employees 
(AFSCME), I urge you to support the Preg-
nant Workers Fairness Act (PWFA) (H.R. 
1065). This legislation would ensure that 
pregnant workers get adequate accommoda-
tions when they need them without facing 
retaliation in the workplace. It also prevents 
employers from refusing to make reasonable 
accommodations for pregnant workers unless 
it poses an undue hardship on an employer. 
More than four decades after Congress 
passed the Pregnancy Discrimination Act 
(PDA) of 1978, women still face inequality in 
the workplace when they become pregnant. 
While the PDA prohibits discrimination 
against 
employees 
based 
on 
pregnancy, 
childbirth or related medical conditions, 
pregnancy discrimination is still prevalent. 
In 2015, the Supreme Court ruled in Young v. 
UPS to allow pregnant workers to bring dis-
crimination claims under the Pregnancy Dis-
crimination Act (PDA) of 1978. The Young 
decision also set an unreasonably high stand-
ard for proving discrimination. 
Research shows that 88 percent of first- 
time mothers worked during their last tri-
mester. Employees who are pregnant are 
routinely denied water bottles, bathroom 
breaks, stools to sit on, and larger fitting 
uniforms to work in. Many of these hard-
ships can lead to an increased risk of pre- 
term delivery and low birth rate. In addition, 
for far too many working women, being preg-
nant can still mean losing a job, being denied 
a promotion, or not being hired in the first 
place. And, while women are the majority of 
the U.S. workforce, these realities perpet-
uate challenges that no employee should 
have to face. 
H.R. 1065 is also important because many 
pregnant women are front-line workers who 
hold physically demanding or hazardous 
jobs. Now more than ever, pregnant women 
working on the front lines and deemed essen-
tial by their employers face the risk of get-
ting sick because of the coronavirus pan-
demic. Many of them also lack access to paid 
sick leave forcing them to choose between a 
paycheck and their health. At no time 
should anyone ever be forced to choose be-
tween financial security and a healthy preg-
nancy especially during the coronavirus pan-
demic with countless women working on the 
front lines. While many states have adopted 
laws requiring reasonable accommodations, 
current federal law does not plainly state 
that workers have a right to ask for them to 
reduce 
pregnancy 
complications 
without 
jeopardizing their employment. Pregnant 
women’s lives and livelihood are on the line 
when they cannot work safely. This bill is 
essential to promote gender equity, healthy 
pregnancies, children and family wellness, 
and the economic security of pregnant and 
parenting women over the course of their 
terms. 
AFSCME strongly supports H.R. 1065 and 
urges you to vote for its passage. 
Sincerely, 
BAILEY K. CHILDERS, 
Director of Federal Government Affairs. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I appreciate that the 
U.S. Chamber of Commerce worked 
with the Education and Labor Com-
mittee to make improvements to the 
Pregnant Workers Fairness Act. How-
ever, the Chamber does have few, if 
any, religious organizations as mem-
bers. Therefore, it is understandable 
they would not take the position on 
protections for these organizations. 
As Members of Congress, we should 
ensure that the legislation we consider 
is fair to all and does not infringe on 
fundamental rights. 
The religious organization protection 
that I am advocating, which comes 
from the Civil Rights Act, will ensure 
religious organizations are not com-
pelled to make decisions that violate 
their faith. 
H.R. 1065 should include the religious 
organization protection from the Civil 
Rights Act, which would not detract 
from any of the provisions included in 
the bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman 
from New York (Mr. NADLER), the chair 
of the House Judiciary Committee and 
sponsor of the legislation. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
Mr. KATKO for cosponsoring this bill. 
For as long as women have been in 
the workforce, they have faced dis-
crimination because of their sex, which 
is only amplified when a woman is 
pregnant. Pregnant workers are often 
passed over for promotions, forced out 
on leave, whether paid or unpaid, and 
sometimes even fired. As we have seen 
time and again, these policies dis-
proportionately impact women of color 
and low-wage hourly workers. 
We all agree that pregnancy is not a 
disability, but sometimes 
pregnant 
workers need an easy fix, such as a 
stool or an extra bathroom break, to 
stay on the job. These accommodations 
are short in duration, and typically 
cost very little to provide, but they can 
mean the difference between keeping 
your job or putting your pregnancy at 
risk. 
Given the low cost of these accom-
modations, we must ask why so many 
employers are unwilling to provide 
them and keep their pregnant workers 
employed. The answer, unfortunately, 
is that for many employers, a pregnant 
employee embodies negative gender 
stereotypes regarding motherhood and 
pregnancy. Society still expects women 
to conform to stereotypical notions 
that to be a good parent, you must 
choose between pregnancy and work. 
This harmful stereotype puts work-
ing women in an impossible position of 
having to choose between their fam-
ily’s health and their financial well- 
being. While pregnancy may create 
some known physical limitations, this 
choice between work and pregnancy is 
a fallacy and can be remedied with a 
reasonable accommodation. Despite re-
peated attempts by Congress over the 
years to address this persistent gender 
discrimination, many employers still 
view pregnancy and work as incompat-
ible. 
Current law continues to allow em-
ployers to simply force most pregnant 
workers out on leave rather than even 
considering providing an accommoda-
tion. The Americans with Disabilities 
Act does require employers to accom-
modate a pregnant worker if her work 
limitations rise to the disability im-
pacting one or more major life func-
tions. Women who have limitations 
that do not rise to this level are not 
protected under the ADA, which was 
not designed to address pregnancy-re-
lated gender discrimination. 
Furthermore, the courts have ham-
strung other attempts by Congress to 
address pregnancy-related gender dis-
crimination. Courts have interpreted 
the Pregnancy Discrimination Act to 
only require employers to provide an 
accommodation if they also accommo-
date nonpregnant employees similar in 
their ability or inability to work and 
employed in similar working condi-
tions. 
In order to prove discrimination, 
pregnant women must have perfect and 
complete employment and medical his-
tories for every other employee in their 
workplace. It is obviously nearly im-
possible for employees to have that in-
formation, as evidenced by the fact 
that in over two-thirds of cases, courts 
have sided with employers who denied 
a pregnant worker accommodation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:48 May 15, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00015
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.021
H14MYPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 14-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H2334 
May 14, 2021 
Current law lets women fall through 
the cracks in every sector of our econ-
omy, including the public sector. Take, 
for example, the story of Devyn Wil-
liams, a correctional officer trainee 
with the Alabama Department of Cor-
rections. From the moment Ms. Wil-
liams told her employer she was preg-
nant, they started a campaign to fire 
her. 
b 1000 
When she presented a note from her 
doctor requesting to be excused from a 
monthly physical training session dur-
ing her pregnancy, the State fired her. 
Her employer actually wrote an email 
stating that her doctor’s note gave 
them grounds to dismiss Ms. Williams. 
Even with that email in her posses-
sion, Ms. Williams is still litigating her 
case 5 years later. No one should have 
to go to Federal court to get a simple 
accommodation to safely stay on the 
job while pregnant. 
The bipartisan Pregnant Workers 
Fairness Act before us today will close 
this gap in the law and create an af-
firmative right to accommodation for 
all pregnant workers. Using the famil-
iar language of the ADA as a frame-
work, the bill requires employers to 
provide reasonable accommodations to 
pregnant workers as long as the accom-
modation does not impose an undue 
hardship on the employer. 
Courts know exactly how to interpret 
that language. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield the gentleman an additional 30 
seconds. 
Mr. NADLER. Employers know ex-
actly what their responsibilities will 
be. But most importantly, women will 
have the certainty they can safely stay 
on the job. 
That is why 30 States have passed 
pregnancy accommodation laws simi-
lar to the PWFA and over 200 business, 
civil rights, health, and labor organiza-
tions support the bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD 
letters of support from two of those or-
ganizations, A Better Balance and the 
National Women’s Law Center. 
MAY 11, 2021. 
Re The Pregnant Workers Fairness Act (H.R. 
1065). 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE: On behalf of A Bet-
ter Balance, I write to express our strong 
support for the Pregnant Workers Fairness 
Act (‘‘PWFA’’; H.R. 1065). This legislation 
will ensure pregnant workers, particularly 
low-income workers and women of color, are 
not forced to choose between their paycheck 
and a healthy pregnancy. The bill will re-
quire employers to provide reasonable ac-
commodations for pregnant workers unless 
doing so would impose an undue hardship on 
the employer, similar to the accommodation 
standard already in place for workers with 
disabilities. 
Forty-two years after the passage of the 
Pregnancy Discrimination Act, pregnant 
workers still face rampant discrimination on 
the job and treatment as second-class citi-
zens, as I explained in detail in my Congres-
sional testimony before the House Education 
& Labor Committee in March 2021 and Octo-
ber 2019, as well as in A Better Balance’s 
May 2019 report, Long Overdue. We urge you 
to support healthy pregnancies, protect preg-
nant workers’ livelihoods, and end the sys-
temic devaluation of women of color and 
vote YES on the Pregnant Workers Fairness 
Act. 
A Better Balance is a national non-profit 
legal organization that advances justice for 
workers so they can care for themselves and 
their loved ones without sacrificing their 
economic security. Since our founding, we 
have seen day in and day out the injustices 
that pregnant workers continue to face be-
cause they need modest, temporary preg-
nancy accommodations and have led the 
movement at the federal, state, and local 
level to ensure pregnant workers can receive 
the accommodations they need to remain 
healthy and working. As I wrote in my 2012 
Op-Ed in The New York Times ‘‘Pregnant 
and Pushed Out of Job,’’ which sparked the 
PWFA’s introduction in Congress, ‘‘[Gaps in 
our civil rights laws leave this enormous 
class without the right to the modest accom-
modations that would protect them.’’ As a 
result, ‘‘for many women, a choice between 
working under unhealthy conditions and not 
working is no choice at all.’’ 
We founded A Better Balance 15 years ago 
because we recognized that a lack of fair and 
supportive work-family laws and policies— 
the ‘‘care crisis’’—was disproportionately 
harming women, especially Black and Latina 
mothers, in low-wage jobs. As I recently 
shared before Congress, ‘‘This bias and in-
flexibility often kicks in when women be-
come pregnant and then snowballs into last-
ing economic disadvantage. We call this the 
‘pregnancy penalty’—and since day one, A 
Better Balance has recognized it as a key 
barrier to gender equality in America.’’ 
Through our free, national legal helpline, 
we have spoken with thousands of pregnant 
workers, disproportionately women of color, 
who have been fired or forced on to unpaid 
leave for needing accommodations, often 
stripping them of their health insurance 
when they need it most, driving them into 
poverty, and at times, even homelessness. 
Other women we have assisted were denied 
accommodations but needed to keep working 
to support themselves and their families and 
faced devastating health consequences, in-
cluding miscarriage, preterm birth, birth 
complications, and other maternal health ef-
fects. 
In the past year alone, we have heard from 
women across the country who continue to 
face termination or are forced out for need-
ing pregnancy accommodations, in situa-
tions often exacerbated by the pandemic and 
economic crisis. Tesia, a retail store em-
ployee from Missouri called us in 2020 after 
she was forced to quit her job because her 
employer refused to let her carry a water 
bottle on the retail floor even though she 
was experiencing severe dehydration due to 
hot temperatures in the store this summer. 
A massage therapist from Pennsylvania 
called us in June 2020 requesting to return to 
work on a part-time basis on the advice of 
her OB-GYN after experiencing cramping in 
her uterus. Her employer responded that 
they would not accommodate her and cut off 
all communication with her after that, forc-
ing her out of work just three months before 
she was due to give birth. A nurse we spoke 
with from Pennsylvania who was six months 
pregnant requested to avoid assignment to 
the COVID–19 unit. Though her hospital was 
not overwhelmed by the pandemic at that 
time, had many empty beds, and other work-
ers were being sent home, her employer re-
fused her request and made heartless com-
ments mocking her need for accommodation. 
She decided not to jeopardize her health and 
lost pay for missing those shifts as a result. 
She also worried about being called to the 
COVID unit shift constantly. Without the 
law on their side, these women had little 
legal recourse because they lived in a state 
without a state-level pregnant workers fair-
ness law. 
Although the pandemic has shined a spot-
light on these issues, the stories we heard in 
2020 are in many ways similar to those we’ve 
been hearing for over a decade. ln 2012, 
Armanda Legros was forced out of her job at 
an armored truck company because her em-
ployer would not accommodate her lifting 
restriction. Without an income, she strug-
gled to feed her newborn and young child. As 
she told the Senate Health, Education, 
Labor, and Pensions committee in a hearing 
in 2014, ‘‘Once my baby arrived just putting 
food on the table for him and my four-year- 
old was a challenge. I was forced to use 
water in his cereal at times because I could 
not afford milk.’’ The need for the Pregnant 
Workers Fairness Act preceded our current 
public health crisis and will remain in place 
beyond the pandemic, until the law is passed. 
CURRENT FEDERAL LAW IS FAILING PREGNANT 
WORKERS: THE PREGNANT WORKERS FAIRNESS 
ACT IS THE SOLUTION 
Gaps in federal law, namely the Pregnancy 
Discrimination Act (PDA) and Americans 
with Disabilities Act (ADA), mean many 
pregnant workers in need of accommodation 
are without legal protection in states that 
do not have statewide PWFA protections. As 
we explained in our report Long Overdue, 
‘‘[w]hile the PDA bans pregnancy discrimi-
nation, it requires employers to make ac-
commodations only if they accommodate 
other workers, or if an employee unearths 
evidence of discrimination. The Americans 
with Disabilities Act requires employers to 
provide reasonable accommodations to work-
ers with disabilities, which can include some 
pregnancy-related 
disabilities. 
However, 
pregnancy itself is not a disability, leaving a 
gap wherein many employers are in no way 
obligated to accommodate pregnant workers 
in need of immediate relief to stay healthy 
and on the job.’’ 
Original analysis we conducted for Long 
Overdue found that even though the 2015 Su-
preme Court Young v. UPS case set a new 
legal standard for evaluating pregnancy ac-
commodation cases under the Pregnancy 
Discrimination Act, in two-thirds of cases 
decided since Young, employers were per-
mitted to deny pregnant workers accom-
modations under the Pregnancy Discrimina-
tion Act. As I shared in my recent testi-
mony, women are continuing to lose their 
cases because of this uniquely burdensome 
standard. 
That statistic, as devastating as it is, does 
not account for the vast majority of preg-
nant workers who do not have the resources 
to vindicate their rights in court. Beyond 
being resource strapped, most pregnant 
workers we hear from do not have the desire 
to engage in time-consuming and stressful 
litigation. They want to be able to receive an 
accommodation so they can continue work-
ing at the jobs they care about while main-
taining a healthy pregnancy. 
The Americans with Disabilities Act is 
also inadequate for pregnant workers for two 
reasons. First, because pregnancy is not 
itself a disability under current disability 
law, a pregnant worker who has no complica-
tions but seeks an accommodation in order 
to avoid a complication, will not be able to 
get an accommodation under the Americans 
with Disabilities Act. Second, even though 
Congress expanded the Americans with Dis-
abilities Act in 2008, courts have interpreted 
the ADA Amendments Act in a way that did 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:07 May 15, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00016
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.022
H14MYPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 15-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H2335 
May 14, 2021 
little to expand coverage even for those preg-
nant workers with serious health complica-
tions. As one court concluded in 2018, ‘‘Al-
though the 2008 amendments broadened the 
ADA ’s definition of disability, these changes 
only have had a modest impact when applied 
to pregnancy-related conditions.’’ 
THE
PREGNANT
WORKERS
FAIRNESS
ACT
IS
A 
CRITICAL
ECONOMIC
SECURITY, 
MATERNAL 
HEALTH, AND RACIAL JUSTICE MEASURE 
Pregnant workers who are fired or forced 
on to unpaid leave for needing accommoda-
tions face significant economic hardship. In 
addition to losing their livelihood, many of 
these workers lose their health benefits at a 
time when they need them most, forcing 
them to switch providers, delay medical 
care, or face staggering health care costs as-
sociated with pregnancy and childbirth. 
Many workers must use up saved paid or un-
paid leave they had hoped to reserve to re-
cover from childbirth. We worked with one 
woman who was eight months pregnant and 
whose hours were cut after she needed an ac-
commodation which meant she also lost her 
health insurance. As a result, she asked her 
doctor if they could induce her labor early, 
despite the health risks in doing so, so that 
she would not be left facing exorbitant med-
ical bills. In the long term, being pushed out 
for needing pregnancy accommodations also 
exacerbates the gender wage gap, as it means 
not only a loss of pay, but also losing out on 
many types of benefits such as 401K and re-
tirement contributions, social security con-
tributions, pensions, as well as opportunities 
for promotion and growth. 
To be clear, most pregnant workers may 
not need accommodations. However, for 
those who do, reasonable accommodations 
can avert significant health risks. For in-
stance, in a Health Impact Assessment of 
state level pregnant workers fairness legisla-
tion, the Louisville, Kentucky Department 
of Public Health and Wellness concluded, 
‘‘Accommodating pregnant workers, upon 
their request, is critical for reducing poor 
health outcomes . . . Improving birth out-
comes makes a sustainable impact for a life-
time of better health.’’ The report noted that 
those poor health outcomes can include mis-
carriage, preterm birth, low birth weight, 
preeclampsia (a serious condition and lead-
ing cause of maternal mortality), among 
other issues. According to the March of 
Dimes, in the U.S., nearly 1 in 10 babies are 
born pre-term and the preterm birth rate 
among Black women is nearly fifty percent 
higher than it is for all other women. 
Preterm birth/low birthweight is a leading 
cause of infant mortality in America. The 
Pregnant Workers Fairness Act is a key 
measure to reduce poor maternal and infant 
health outcomes. 
Pregnancy accommodations are also a key 
solution, among many, needed to address the 
Black maternal and infant health crisis. Sys-
temic racism has led to the shameful reality 
that Black women in this country are three 
to four times likelier to die from pregnancy- 
related causes than white women, and Black 
babies are more than two times as likely to 
die in the first year of life than white babies. 
At the same time, we know Black women 
also face devastating health consequences 
when they are unable to obtain needed preg-
nancy accommodations to maintain their 
health and the health of their pregnancies. 
When Tasha Mureil, a Black woman who 
worked at a warehouse in Tennessee, re-
ceived a doctor’s note saying she needed a 
lifting restriction and complained of extreme 
stomach pain, she was forced to continue 
lifting on the job. One day, she told a super-
visor she was in pain and asked to leave 
early. Her manager said no. Tragically, she 
had a miscarriage the next day. Tasha was 
not alone. Three more of her coworkers, also 
Black, miscarried after supervisors dis-
missed their requests for reprieve from 
heavy lifting. As Cherisse Scott, CEO of 
Memphis-based SisterReach, explained ‘‘It 
doesn’t surprise me that this is the culture 
of that workplace. I think it’s important to 
look at the fact that since we arrived here in 
chains, we [Black women] were regarded as 
producers to fuel a labor force that couldn’t 
care less for us . . .’’ The Pregnant Workers 
Fairness Act will ensure pregnant workers 
and their health are valued and that Black 
mothers, especially, are not treated as ex-
pendable on the job. 
THE PREGNANT WORKERS FAIRNESS ACT IS A BI-
PARTISAN BILL THAT HAS THE SUPPORT OF 
THIS COUNTRY’S LARGEST BUSINESS GROUPS 
The Pregnant Workers Fairness Act is not 
a partisan bill. Not only does it have strong 
bipartisan support in Congress, but thirty 
states and five cities including Tennessee, 
Kentucky, South Carolina, West Virginia, Il-
linois, Nebraska, and Utah already have laws 
requiring employers to provide accommoda-
tions for pregnant employees. All of the laws 
passed in recent years are highly similar to 
the federal legislation, and all passed with 
bipartisan, and often unanimous, support.’’ 
Many, 
including 
Tennessee’s 
and 
Ken-
tucky’s, were championed by Republican leg-
islators. 
Pregnant workers are a vital part of our 
economy. Three-quarters of women will be 
both pregnant and employed at some point 
during their lives’’ Ensuring pregnant work-
ers can remain healthy and attached to the 
workforce is an issue of critical importance, 
especially as this country faces a dev-
astating economic crisis. That is why lead-
ing business groups like the U.S. Chamber of 
Commerce, Society for Human Resources 
Management, many major corporations, and 
local chambers around the country includ-
ing, Greater Louisville Inc., one of Ken-
tucky’s leading chambers of commerce, sup-
port this measure. The PWFA will provide 
much needed clarity in the law which will 
lead to informal and upfront resolutions be-
tween employers and employees and help 
prevent problems before they start. Further-
more, accommodations are short term and 
low cost. The Pregnant Workers Fairness 
Act will help employers retain valuable em-
ployees and reduce high turnover and train-
ing costs. The reasonable accommodation 
framework is also borrowed from the Amer-
ican with Disabilities Act framework so em-
ployers are already familiar with the stand-
ard. Furthermore, keeping pregnant workers 
employed saves taxpayers money in the form 
of unemployment insurance and other public 
benefits. 
THE PREGNANT WORKERS FAIRNESS ACT USES A 
FAMILIAR
FRAMEWORK
THAT
PROVIDES
KEY 
PROTECTIONS
TO
PREGNANT
WORKERS
AND 
CLARITY TO EMPLOYERS 
The Pregnant Workers Fairness Act has 
several key provisions that will address the 
inequality pregnant workers continue to face 
at work. Employers, including private em-
ployers with fifteen or more employees, will 
be required to provide reasonable accom-
modations to qualified employees absent 
undue hardship on the employer. Both the 
term 
‘‘reasonable 
accommodation’’ 
and 
‘‘undue hardship’’ have the same definition 
as outlined in the American with Disabilities 
Act. Similar to the Americans with Disabil-
ities Act, employers and employees will en-
gage in an interactive process in order to de-
termine an appropriate accommodation. In 
order to prevent employers from pushing 
pregnant employees out on leave when they 
need an accommodation, the bill specifies 
that an employer cannot require a pregnant 
employee to take leave if another reasonable 
accommodation can be provided. The bill 
also includes clear anti-retaliation language 
such that employers cannot punish pregnant 
workers for requesting or using an accommo-
dation. This is critical as many pregnant 
workers often do not ask for accommoda-
tions because they are afraid they will face 
repercussions for requesting or needing an 
accommodation. 
Critically, the Pregnant Workers Fairness 
Act is also very clear that a pregnant worker 
need not have a disability as defined by the 
Americans with Disabilities Act in order to 
merit accommodations under the law. Rath-
er, the bill indicates that pregnant workers 
with ‘‘known limitations related to preg-
nancy, childbirth, and related medical condi-
tions’’ are entitled to reasonable accom-
modations. ‘‘Known limitations’’ is defined 
as a ‘‘physical or mental condition related 
to, affected by, or arising out of pregnancy, 
childbirth, or related medical conditions 
that the employee or employee’s representa-
tive has communicated to the employer 
whether or not such condition meets the def-
inition of disability’’ as set forth in the 
Americans with Disabilities Act. This ad-
dresses the two challenges with the ADA 
outlined above. 
Now, more than ever, the Pregnant Work-
ers Fairness Act is an urgent maternal 
health, racial justice, and economic security 
measure to keep pregnant workers healthy 
and earning a paycheck. We cannot delay 
justice and fairness for pregnant workers 
any longer. For the sake of this country’s 
pregnant workers and our nation’s families, 
we implore Congress to put aside its many 
differences and pass this legislation with a 
strong bipartisan vote. We ask every Member 
of Congress to vote YES on the Pregnant 
Workers Fairness Act. It is long overdue. 
Sincerely, 
DINA BAKST, 
Co-Founder & Co-President, 
A Better Balance. 
MAY 11, 2021. 
DEAR MEMBER OF CONGRESS: On behalf of 
the National Women’s Law Center, we urge 
you to pass the Pregnant Workers Fairness 
Act (H.R. 1065). The National Women’s Law 
Center (‘‘the Center’’) has worked for nearly 
50 years to advance and protect women’s 
equality and opportunity—and since its 
founding has fought for the rights of preg-
nant women in the workplace. For the last 
nine years, the Center has been a leader in 
advocating for the Pregnant Workers Fair-
ness Act, and for pregnancy accommodation 
protections in states across the country. We 
are eager to build on the momentum from 
September 2020, when the bill passed with 
overwhelming bipartisan support in the 
House, 329–73. 
The Pregnant Workers Fairness Act would 
clarify the law for employers and employees 
alike, requiring employers to make reason-
able accommodations for limitations arising 
out of pregnancy, childbirth, and related 
medical conditions, just as they already do 
for disabilities. Providing accommodations 
ensures that women can work safely while 
pregnant instead of being pushed out of work 
at a time when their families need their in-
come the most. 
Even before the COVID–19 pandemic, preg-
nant workers were all too often denied medi-
cally 
needed 
accommodations—including 
simple accommodations like a stool to sit on 
during a long shift or a bottle of water at a 
workstation. COVID–19 has only increased 
the need for clarity regarding employers’ ob-
ligations to provide accommodations for 
pregnant workers. COVID–19 poses grave 
risks for pregnant workers, who are urgently 
seeking, and far too often being denied, ac-
commodations like proper personal protec-
tive equipment, telework, moving to a less 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:13 May 15, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00017
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.021
H14MYPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE
--

 -Page 16-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H2336 
May 14, 2021 
crowded work area or changing start times 
so as not to risk riding public transit during 
peak hours. The Pregnant Workers Fairness 
Act uses an already-familiar framework 
modeled on the Americans with Disabilities 
Act (ADA) to ensure that when such a re-
quest is made, employers and employees can 
engage in an interactive process to deter-
mine whether the employee’s pregnancy re-
lated limitations can be reasonably accom-
modated without an undue hardship to the 
employer. This will help ensure that employ-
ees are not forced to choose between a pay-
check and a healthy pregnancy. 
The Pregnant Workers Fairness Act will 
close gaps and clarify ambiguities in the law 
that have left too many pregnant workers 
unprotected for too long. The Pregnancy Dis-
crimination Act (PDA), passed in 1978, guar-
antees the right not to be treated adversely 
at work because of pregnancy, childbirth, or 
related medical conditions, and the right to 
be treated at least as well as other employ-
ees ‘‘not so affected but similar in their abil-
ity or inability to work.’’ Unfortunately, 
many courts interpreted the PDA narrowly 
and allowed employers to refuse to accom-
modate workers with medical needs arising 
out of pregnancy, even when they routinely 
accommodated other physical limitations. In 
Young v. UPS, the Supreme Court held that 
when an employer accommodates workers 
who are similar to pregnant workers in their 
ability to work, it cannot refuse to accom-
modate pregnant workers who need it simply 
because it ‘‘is more expensive or less conven-
ient’’ to accommodate pregnant women too. 
The Young decision was an important vic-
tory for pregnant workers, but the standard 
it set out still left many important questions 
unanswered and created uncertainty for em-
ployers and employees about when exactly 
the PDA requires pregnancy accommoda-
tions. In addition, the Americans with Dis-
abilities Act (ADA) requires employers to 
make reasonable accommodations for em-
ployees with disabilities. However, courts 
have consistently held that pregnancy is not 
a disability. The Pregnant Workers Fairness 
Act would fill the holes left in these protec-
tions with a common-ground and common-
sense approach that ensures pregnant work-
ers are accommodated when the accommoda-
tions they need are reasonable and do not 
pose an undue hardship to employers. 
Accommodating pregnant workers is not 
only good for working women and families, 
it is good for business. Moreover, today, 
women make up about half the workforce. 
More women are continuing to work while 
they are pregnant, through later stages of 
pregnancy. 
For 
example, 
two-thirds 
of 
women who had their first child between 2006 
and 2008 worked during pregnancy, and 88 
percent of these first-time mothers worked 
into their last trimester. When employers 
accommodate pregnant workers, businesses 
reap the benefits of avoiding the costs of 
turnover and keeping experienced employees 
on the job. And since pregnancy is tem-
porary, pregnancy accommodations are, by 
definition, short-term; many of these accom-
modations are low and no cost. 
The time is now to pass the Pregnant 
Workers Fairness Act. Thirty states and the 
District of Columbia have enacted provisions 
explicitly granting pregnant employees the 
right to accommodations at work, from Mas-
sachusetts, New York, and California, to 
South Carolina, Utah, Nebraska, West Vir-
ginia, and Tennessee. Millions of pregnant 
workers have benefitted from these protec-
tions, but a pregnant employee’s ability to 
work safely should not depend on where she 
lives. 
We strongly urge you to support pregnant 
workers by voting for the Pregnant Workers 
Fairness Act. 
Sincerely, 
EMILY J. MARTIN, 
Vice President for Education & Workplace, 
Justice National Women’s Law Center. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, that is 
why, last Congress, the House passed 
identical legislation with an over-
whelming bipartisan vote. But as the 
economy reopens, the problem persists. 
The House must act again to pass this 
bill, and the Senate must take it up. 
Providing 
reasonable 
accommoda-
tions to pregnant workers helps busi-
nesses, workers, and families. Passing 
this bill is long overdue, and I urge a 
‘‘yes’’ vote. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, may I in-
quire how much time is remaining. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from North Carolina has 14 
minutes remaining. The gentleman 
from Virginia has 93⁄4 minutes remain-
ing. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 11⁄4 minutes to the gentleman 
from Nebraska (Mr. FORTENBERRY). 
Mr. FORTENBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman from Virginia for 
yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, you might notice a lit-
tle smile on my face. Honestly, as I was 
walking over here to speak on the bill, 
I was reflecting on my own life as a fa-
ther. 
I have five children. When two of my 
children were little, my wife was away 
from the house, and I was to meet her 
somewhere. One needed their diaper 
changed, and then I had to feed the 
other. By the time I did that, the other 
diaper had to be changed. My wife 
called me, and she said: ‘‘You can’t get 
out of the house, can you?’’ 
Mr. Speaker, pregnancy and mother-
hood, of course, bring joy and unique 
challenges and call from all of us a 
higher sense of duty. 
My wife carried my children in their 
earliest formation, and I carried that 
burden and opportunity to give them 
life in other ways. But if we can see 
pregnancy as a part of community, a 
journey of life for our good, the good of 
all, and the good of our Nation, then 
we accept that it requires reasonable 
accommodation at work when someone 
is pregnant, when they are giving life 
to their child, or if they have nec-
essarily hard conditions. It is only the 
right thing to do, especially for those 
who are suffering. 
Now, as I have been listening to this 
debate, a concern has been raised about 
civil rights and religious organizations, 
considerations I am surprised that 
haven’t been worked out before now. 
But let’s keep working on that and 
pass this important bill. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, being able to bear chil-
dren is a great gift, and I am very 
pleased that God gave me that oppor-
tunity. 
I would like to address the claim that 
the Civil Rights Act’s protection for re-
ligious organizations is not needed in 
H.R. 1065 because these employers 
could raise the Religious Freedom Res-
toration Act, RFRA, as a defense to a 
lawsuit. 
However, RFRA does not provide the 
same protections for religious organi-
zations as the Civil Rights Act. In fact, 
RFRA’s provisions are much narrower 
than the protection for religious orga-
nizations in the Civil Rights Act. 
Moreover, RFRA defenses are dif-
ficult to win in court. Indeed, more 
than 80 percent of the time, courts rule 
in favor of the government and against 
the person seeking protection under 
RFRA. 
The claim that the Civil Rights Act’s 
longstanding 
religious 
organization 
protection does not need to be incor-
porated in H.R. 1065 because of RFRA is 
not persuasive. Indeed, the protection 
should be added to the bill to ensure it 
does not infringe on religious freedoms. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I include in the RECORD a letter from 
dozens of religious organizations, in-
cluding the Catholic Labor Network, 
Jewish Women International, National 
Council of Churches, Union for Reform 
Judaism, and United Church of Christ, 
Justice and Witness Ministries in sup-
port of the legislation as it is. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE: On behalf of the 
undersigned religious and faith-based organi-
zations representing a diversity of faith tra-
ditions and communities across the nation, 
we write today in support of healthy work-
place environments and conditions for preg-
nant workers. We urge you to pass the Preg-
nant Workers Fairness Act (H.R. 1065). Peo-
ple of faith across the ideological spectrum 
understand that prioritizing the health and 
safety of pregnant workers should not be a 
partisan issue. The Pregnant Workers Fair-
ness Act would ensure that pregnant workers 
can continue safely working to support their 
families during a pregnancy. The bill re-
quires employers to make the same sort of 
accommodations for pregnant workers as are 
already in place for workers with disabil-
ities. 
Our faith traditions affirm the dignity of 
pregnant individuals and the moral impera-
tive of ensuring their safety. We also affirm 
the dignity of work and the obligation to 
treat workers justly. It is immoral for an 
employer to force a worker to choose be-
tween a healthy pregnancy and earning a liv-
ing. By passing the bipartisan Pregnant 
Workers Fairness Act (H.R. 1065), Congress 
will ensure that workers who are pregnant 
will be treated fairly in the workforce and 
can continue earning income to support 
themselves and their families. Efforts to dis-
tract from the central goal of ensuring preg-
nant workers can maintain their health and 
the health of their pregnancies by inserting 
unnecessary, harmful, and politically divi-
sive language into this bill undermines our 
obligation 
to 
protect 
pregnant 
workers 
across our country. 
While many pregnant individuals continue 
working throughout their pregnancies with-
out incident, there are instances when minor 
accommodations are necessary at the work-
place to ensure the safety of the expecting 
mother and the baby. All too often, requests 
for simple workplace accommodations like a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:34 May 15, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00018
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.022
H14MYPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 17-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H2337 
May 14, 2021 
stool to sit, a water bottle, or a bathroom 
break are denied. Within the COVID–19 con-
text, such critical accommodations might 
include 
proper 
protective 
equipment, 
telework, or staggered work schedules that 
offer employees commute times which avoid 
crowded public transportation and increased 
exposure. Currently, pregnant workers may 
continue to work without necessary accom-
modations because they fear losing their jobs 
and need the income, thus endangering their 
health or the health of their pregnancy. 
Without these protections, it is not uncom-
mon for pregnant workers to be let go or 
forced out onto unpaid leave for requesting 
accommodations. Many others must quit 
their job to avoid risking the health of their 
pregnancy. 
Passing the Pregnant Workers Fairness 
Act is a moral and economic imperative; 
two-thirds of women who had their first 
child between 2006 and 2008, the last year for 
which data is available, worked during preg-
nancy, and 88 percent of these first-time 
mothers worked into their last trimester. 
Keeping these women healthy and in the 
workforce is paramount to family economic 
security. In 2020, 77.5 percent of mothers with 
children under age 6 worked full time, and 
that number goes up to 81.2 percent for em-
ployed mothers with children ages 6 to 17. 
Millions of families rely on their earnings. In 
2019, the last year for which data is avail-
able, 41 percent of mothers were the sole or 
primary breadwinners in their families, 
while 24.8 percent of mothers were co-bread-
winners. Whole families suffer when preg-
nant workers are forced out of a job. 
The undersigned religious and faith-based 
groups are united in support of the Pregnant 
Workers Fairness Act. We strongly urge you 
to vote for the Pregnant Workers Fairness 
Act. 
Sincerely, the undersigned: 
Ameinu, Arizona Jews for Justice, Aytzim: 
Ecological Judaism, Bend the Arc: Jewish 
Action, Catholic Labor Network, Church 
World Service, Columban Center for Advo-
cacy and Outreach, Congregation of Our 
Lady of Charity of the Good Shepherd, U.S. 
Provinces, Faith Action Network, Faith Ac-
tion Network—Washington State. 
Franciscan Action Network, Friends Com-
mittee on National Legislation, Jewish Alli-
ance for Law and Social Action, Jewish Fam-
ily & Children’s Service of Greater Boston, 
Jewish Women International, Justice Re-
vival, Keshet, Leadership Conference of 
Women Religious, National Advocacy Center 
of the Sisters of the Good Shepherd, Na-
tional Coalition Against Domestic Violence. 
National Council of Churches, National 
Council of Jewish Women, NETWORK Lobby 
for Catholic Social Justice, Network of Jew-
ish Human Service Agencies, Pax Christi 
USA, T’ruah: The Rabbinic Call for Human 
Rights, Union for Reform Judaism, United 
Church of Christ, Justice and Witness Min-
istries, Uri L’Tzedek. 
MAY 11, 2021. 
FAITH LEADER STATEMENTS. OF SUPPORT FOR 
PREGNANT WORKERS FAIRNESS ACT 
‘‘The Union for Reform Judaism is proud 
to support the Pregnant Workers Fairness 
Act. According to the ancient rabbis, work-
ers should not be put in the position where 
they have ‘‘to starve or afflict themselves in 
order to feed their children’’ (Tosefta Bava 
Metzia 8:2). With reasonable workplace ac-
commodations, pregnant workers can keep 
earning a livelihood while protecting their 
health, so no worker faces the agonizing 
choice between a healthy pregnancy and 
their family’s financial security. As the in-
equitable impact of the pandemic has high-
lighted, People of Color are more likely to 
hold demanding, inflexible jobs where they 
face tradeoffs between their work and their 
health. Illegal pregnancy discrimination and 
denial of workplace accommodations, which 
disproportionately affect pregnant People of 
Color, contribute to the Black maternal 
health crisis and other forms of racial in-
equity. Congress must protect expectant par-
ents and pass the Pregnant Workers Fairness 
Act, which will help to mitigate the racial 
and economic injustices that pregnancy dis-
crimination perpetuates.’’—Rabbi Jonah Dov 
Pesner, Director, Religious Action Center of 
Reform Judaism 
NETWORK Lobby for Catholic Social Jus-
tice urges all members of the House of Rep-
resentatives to vote yes on the Pregnant 
Workers Fairness Act (PWFA). In just the 
fall of 2020, this critical legislation received 
more than 300 affirmative votes in the House 
and now is the time to show the same over-
whelming support for pregnant workers. This 
common sense, bipartisan legislation is 
faithful to the principles of Catholic Social 
Teaching—and the dignity of the human per-
son in particular—by caring for the health 
and economic security of pregnant people 
and their families. Forcing workers to 
choose between a healthy pregnancy and a 
paycheck is immoral and the PWFA ends 
this injustice. NETWORK Lobby calls on the 
House of Representatives to quickly send the 
PWFA to the Senate to support working peo-
ple in the United States who are bringing 
new life into the world.’’—Mary J. Novak, 
Executive Director, NETWORK Lobby for 
Catholic Social Justice 
The Catholic Labor Network strongly sup-
ports the Pregnant Workers’ Fairness Act. 
Pro-life and proworker, this essential legis-
lation protects worker justice and honors 
families. No woman should have to choose 
between her job and her unborn child.’’— 
Clayton Sinyai, Executive Director, Catholic 
Labor Network 
‘‘National Council of Jewish Women knows 
that pregnancy discrimination is a racial 
justice issue. Black women, Latinas, and im-
migrant women are more likely to hold in-
flexible and physically demanding jobs that 
present specific challenges for pregnant 
workers and are less likely to provide rea-
sonable 
pregnancy 
accommodation. 
The 
Pregnant Workers Fairness Act would ensure 
that pregnant people do not have to choose 
between a healthy pregnancy and their eco-
nomic security.’’—Jody Rabhan, Chief Policy 
Officer, National Council of Jewish Women 
‘‘ln so many of our homes, children depend 
upon their mothers for placing food on the 
table. Moms work; that’s been the case for 
years. Yet our laws and regulations are not 
keeping up. Too often, working women who 
are pregnant are not given appropriate ac-
commodations while they are pregnant. Con-
gress must pass the Pregnant Workers Fair-
ness Act that would ensure that pregnant 
workers are able to continue working safely, 
in the same way as workers with disabilities 
are accommodated’’—Lawrence E. Couch, Di-
rector, National Advocacy Center of the Sis-
ters of the Good Shepherd 
‘‘Women of Reform Judaism is proud to 
support the Pregnant Workers’ Fairness Act. 
The COVID–19 pandemic has heightened the 
urgent need to establish policies to protect 
essential 
workers—overwhelmingly 
Black 
women, Latinas, immigrant women, and 
other Women of Color. Today, far too many 
of these essential workers are denied tem-
porary job-related accommodations in order 
to maintain a healthy pregnancy and are 
forced to make the heartbreaking choice be-
tween their family’s economic security and 
their health. No worker should ever be forced 
to make such a choice. Passing the Pregnant 
Workers Fairness Act is a moral imperative 
and we urge members of Congress to support 
its swift passage.’’—Rabbi Marla Feldman, 
Executive 
Director, 
Women 
of 
Reform 
Judaism 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from 
Texas (Mr. GREEN). 
Mr. GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
much has been said about the Civil 
Rights Act. Well, what do the organiza-
tions that protect and promote the 
Civil Rights Act actually say? 
More than 220 of them, I might add, 
say that the Pregnant Workers Fair-
ness Act is critical to promoting eco-
nomic security for pregnant workers 
and their families. 
They say that women of color—more 
than two-thirds of Black women, 55 
percent of Native American women, 
and 41 percent of Latina women—are 
the sole primary breadwinners for their 
families. They say that they support 
reasonable accommodations. 
They say that a woman ought not be 
fired or be threatened with being fired 
for simply coming to work bearing a 
child, having a child. 
They say that they support this leg-
islation. 
But the question really is, who are 
they? They are the Human Rights 
Campaign. They are the Anti-Defama-
tion League. They are the League of 
Women Voters of the United States. 
They are the NAACP. They are the 
American Civil Liberties Union. They 
are the AFL–CIO. They are Mary Kay 
Henry. They are the Lawyers’ Com-
mittee for Civil Rights Under Law. 
They are the NAACP Legal Defense 
and Educational Fund. They are Rabbi 
Jonah Pesner. And they are for this 
legislation. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
could you advise as to how much time 
is remaining on both sides? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Virginia has 71⁄2 minutes 
remaining. 
The 
gentlewoman 
from 
North Carolina has 121⁄2 minutes re-
maining. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from 
Maryland (Mr. HOYER), the majority 
leader of the United States House of 
Representatives. 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I would 
say in response to Mr. GREEN’s pas-
sionate speech: Me too. 
I rise in strong support of this bill, 
and I am proud to bring it to the floor 
for consideration, Mr. Speaker. 
I 
appreciate 
Chairman 
NADLER’s 
leadership in sponsoring and shep-
herding it through the committee. 
I thank Chairman SCOTT, as well, for 
his efforts on behalf of this very impor-
tant piece of legislation. 
America still has a long way to go 
when it comes to making our economy 
work for women and mothers. We have 
seen that dramatically during COVID– 
19. 
Too often, women are pressured to 
leave the workforce when they start a 
family. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:13 May 15, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00019
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.027
H14MYPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE
--

 -Page 18-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H2338 
May 14, 2021 
Women should not face discrimina-
tion or adverse actions as a result of 
pregnancy. I think everybody would, I 
hope, agree with that. 
This legislation would prevent that 
from happening by requiring employ-
ers, Mr. Speaker, to make reasonable 
accommodations 
so 
that 
pregnant 
workers can remain on the job, earning 
their incomes. 
Now, I know a thing or two about 
reasonable accommodations, frankly, 
as the principal sponsor of the Ameri-
cans with Disabilities Act signed by 
President Bush on July 26, 1990. When I 
sponsored the bill more than 30 years 
ago, that legislation incorporated the 
concept of reasonable workplace ac-
commodations, in that case, for em-
ployees with disabilities. 
Pregnancy, of course, is not a dis-
ability. It is a joy. But there are cer-
tainly dangers faced by pregnant work-
ers that could threaten the health of 
the woman and her unborn child, in-
cluding heavy lifting and exposure to 
toxic substances. 
That is why it is essential for preg-
nant workers to receive reasonable ac-
commodations that protect their safe-
ty in the workplace without being de-
moted or losing their jobs and, of 
course, to protect the rights and safety 
of their babies. 
Protecting the rights and safety of 
pregnant workers in our economy is 
something 
Democrats 
have 
cham-
pioned for a very long time, Mr. Speak-
er, and we passed this legislation last 
Congress, as well. 
But I hope that this is an issue where 
Democrats and Republicans—Mr. FOR-
TENBERRY
just spoke very well—can 
come together, in a bipartisan way, to 
protect mothers-to-be and their chil-
dren. 
I hope that the Senate will join the 
House in adopting these protections, 
which are so essential at a time when 
millions of women are eager to rejoin 
the workforce and continue pursuing 
careers that bring them and their fami-
lies opportunity and economic secu-
rity. 
I thank Chairman NADLER again for 
his leadership. I thank Mr. SCOTT for 
his leadership, as well. 
I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this legisla-
tion. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from 
Tennessee (Mr. COHEN), the chair of the 
Subcommittee on the Constitution, 
Civil Rights, and Civil Liberties of the 
Judiciary Committee. 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in strong support of the Preg-
nant Workers Fairness Act. 
This meaningful legislation will pro-
tect pregnant workers who have suf-
fered because of insufficient workplace 
protections, a story far too familiar to 
many workers in my district in Mem-
phis, Tennessee. 
In 2018, I was shocked to read of the 
disturbing workplace abuses in an XPO 
Logistics warehouse in Memphis, which 
was reported in The New York Times. 
Warehouse workers were denied minor 
and reasonable accommodations, like 
less taxing workloads and shortened 
work shifts. These were pregnant work-
ers. 
As a result, several women suffered 
miscarriages, some of which happened 
while they were still on the warehouse 
floor. 
I, 
along 
with 
Congresswoman 
DELAURO
and 97 of my colleagues, 
wrote to the Education and Labor 
Committee to urge the 115th Congress 
to take decisive action and consider 
the Pregnant Workers Fairness Act. 
I also participated in the Education 
and Labor Committee’s subcommittee 
hearing on this bill last Congress. 
Many pregnant workers are being 
forced to choose between maintaining a 
healthy pregnancy and losing their 
jobs 
at 
a 
time 
when 
both 
their 
healthcare and their economic security 
are crucial. 
The Pregnant Workers Fairness Act 
will ensure that pregnant workers get 
accommodations when they need them 
without facing discrimination or retal-
iation in the workplace by putting in 
place a clear, explicit pregnancy ac-
commodation framework similar to the 
accommodation standard that has been 
in place for decades for workers with 
disabilities. 
I urge passage of this bill. I include 
in the RECORD the Better Balance re-
port on the need for this law in spite of 
inaction by the State and the need for 
the 14th Amendment to be invoked. 
About eight States are included here. 
MAY 13, 2021. 
A BETTER BALANCE LEGAL ANALYSIS OF STATE 
ACTOR
PREGNANCY-RELATED
GENDER
DIS-
CRIMINATION 
Decades after Congress passed the Preg-
nancy Discrimination Act (‘‘PDA’’), preg-
nant workers continue to face pernicious and 
unconstitutional gender discrimination at 
the hands of their employers, including state 
actors. 
Evidence of persistent discrimination by 
state actors against pregnant workers in 
need of accommodation warrants—and in-
deed demands—Congress’s exercise of its 
Section 5 power under the Fourteenth 
Amendment to remedy and deter violations 
of equal protection. 
In the 21st century, sex discrimination 
against pregnant workers often takes the 
form of reliance on insidious gender role 
stereotyping concerning women’s place in 
the home and in the workplace. Too often, 
such stereotypes—such as, that motherhood 
and employment are irreconcilable—force 
pregnant women ‘‘to choose between having 
a child and having a job.’’ Stereotyping sur-
rounding pregnancy and motherhood is per-
vasive, and biases can be intentional, im-
plicit, unconscious, or structural. For in-
stance, a study published in June 2020 sur-
veying pregnant women who work in phys-
ically demanding jobs found that 63 percent 
of women surveyed worried about facing neg-
ative stereotypes related to their pregnancy, 
and many avoided asking for accommoda-
tions, sensing instead that they needed to 
overexert themselves physically in order to 
avoid stereotyping. As a result, the study’s 
authors recommended ‘‘creat[ing] better so-
cial support for utilizing pregnancy accom-
modation.’’ Those pregnant women who are 
let go or pushed out for needing accommoda-
tion face a double burden based on stereo-
typing: After losing critical income at the 
very moment their growing family needs it 
most, they must then fight to re-enter a job 
market that assumes new mothers are less 
competent and committed than fathers and 
their childless peers. 
As the Supreme Court has repeatedly re-
affirmed, such sex role stereotyping is a 
problem of constitutional magnitude. In-
deed, the constitutional right to be free of 
invidious sex stereotyping ‘‘at the faultline 
between work and family’’ is now well-estab-
lished For instance, in Nevada Department 
of Human Resources v. Hibbs, the Court re-
jected the ‘‘sex-role stereotype’’ that ‘‘wom-
en’s family duties trump those of the work-
place. Craig v. Boren, the Court rejected 
‘‘outdated misconceptions concerning the 
role of females in the home rather than in 
the ’marketplace and world of ideas.’ ’’ And, 
in Califano v. Westcott, the Court rejected 
‘‘the baggage of sexual stereotypes that pre-
sumes the father has the primary responsi-
bility to provide a home and its essentials, 
while the mother is the center of home and 
family life.’’ 
Yet state employers continue to partici-
pate in and foster unconstitutional sex dis-
crimination, including gender-role stereo-
typing, by failing to provide reasonable ac-
commodations to allow pregnant women to 
be both mothers and wage earners. The prob-
lem is pervasive. To offer just a handful of 
examples: 
In Alabama, Devyn Williams, a correc-
tional officer trainee, informed her em-
ployer, the Alabama Department of Correc-
tions, that she was pregnant. Corrections of-
ficials immediately began to discuss how to 
terminate Williams, with one deputy com-
missioner commenting in an email, ‘‘Let me 
guess, we have to pay this person [Williams] 
through the entire pregnancy[?]’’. At offi-
cials’ urging, Williams provided a doctor’s 
note recommending she be excused from the 
state’s monthly physical training session 
due to her pregnancy. Upon receipt of the 
note, one corrections official emailed the 
others, ‘‘[t]his [doctor’s note] will give us 
grounds to separate [Plaintiff] from service.’’ 
The state promptly fired Williams. In one 
sense, Williams was lucky: Alabama officials 
had the poor judgment to document their 
animus. Their emails made explicit the un-
constitutional sex stereotypes motivating 
their refusal to accommodate. Employers do 
not always put the animus underlying their 
failures to accommodate in discoverable 
emails. The PDA has failed to root out such 
intentional yet ‘‘subtle [forms of] discrimi-
nation that [are] difficult to detect on a 
case-by-case basis,’’ thanks in part to a proof 
structure that demands onerous and lengthy 
litigation. (Williams was still litigating her 
case nearly five years after she requested ac-
commodation.) 
In Oklahoma, Clarisa Borchert, a childcare 
attendant, informed her employer, a state 
university child care center, that she was 
pregnant. 
When 
Borchert’s 
doctor 
rec-
ommended a 20-pound lifting restriction— 
which Borchert believed would allow her to 
continue to care for infants—the state told 
her that she would not be permitted to work 
‘‘with restrictions of any kind.’’ The gender- 
based animus underlying the state’s blanket 
refusal to accommodate Borchert’s preg-
nancy was revealed by the ‘‘daily dispar-
aging comments’’ made by Borchert’s boss 
and other employees about her pregnancy. 
For instance, in response to Borchert’s ‘‘se-
vere and ongoing nausea and vomiting 
caused by her pregnancy,’’ her boss told her 
to ‘‘get over it’’ and accused her of feigning 
illness, telling Borchert that she ‘‘wasn’t 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:13 May 15, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00020
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.025
H14MYPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 19-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H2339 
May 14, 2021 
really sick.’’ Soon thereafter, the state 
issued Borchert a Separation Notice. 
In New York, Lakia Jackson, a nurse tech-
nician, informed her employer, a state uni-
versity, that she was pregnant. Jackson re-
peatedly requested assistance changing pa-
tients, which her state employer denied be-
cause, in the words of her supervisors, the 
university ‘‘does not accommodate pregnant 
women.’’ As a result of the strain of chang-
ing one patient, Jackson had to be rushed to 
the emergency room and ‘‘nearly [went] into 
pre-term labor.’’ In defense of its refusal to 
accommodate Jackson’s pregnancy, her state 
employer invoked a common sex stereotype 
about pregnant women: that she was simply 
‘‘using her pregnancy as an excuse for not 
doing her work.’’ The state terminated her 
shortly thereafter. 
In Tennessee, Amber Burnett, a veterinary 
assistant, informed her employer, a state 
university, that she was pregnant. When 
Burnett alerted her employer that she could 
still work but that her physician had advised 
minimal or no contact with diseased animals 
placed in isolation, her employer told her 
that ‘‘she should begin looking for another 
job.’’ Shortly thereafter, the state termi-
nated her. In justifying the termination, the 
state claimed concern for the potential for 
harm to Burnett’s pregnancy—a rationale 
that the Supreme Court recognized decades 
ago is rooted in impermissible sex discrimi-
nation. 
In North Carolina, Lauren Burch, a special 
agent, informed her employer, the state alco-
hol enforcement agency, that she was preg-
nant. On her doctor’s advice, Burch re-
quested light duty status to avoid ‘‘situa-
tions that would put her at risk for physical 
altercations.’’ Her state employer approved 
the request but assigned her to a worksite 
that ‘‘required a daily, six-hour round-trip 
commute’’ (for which she was provided ‘‘no 
work credit for travel time’’ and was forced 
to use ‘‘her personal vehicle at her own ex-
pense’’). The state refused to grant her an as-
signment with a shorter commute—despite 
Burch’s doctor’s recommendation that she 
travel no more than 1.5 hours—and pushed 
her onto unpaid leave. 
In Illinois, Tracy Atteberry, a police offi-
cer, informed her employer, the Illinois 
State Police, that she was pregnant. Upon 
the advice of her doctor, she requested light 
duty, which the state denied, despite pro-
viding light duty to other non-pregnant em-
ployees with medical needs. Instead, the 
state forced Atteberry to use up her personal 
time prior to giving birth to her child. 
In Oregon, Maricruz Caravantes, a care-
giver, informed her employer, a state agen-
cy, that she had a high-risk pregnancy. Upon 
the advice of her doctor, Caravantes re-
quested—and was denied—assistance with 
lifting patients, causing her to ‘‘seriously 
injure[]’’ her back. 
In Kansas, Deanna Porter, a psychiatric 
aide, informed her employer, a state hos-
pital, that she was pregnant. When Porter’s 
doctor advised that she avoid lifting more 
than 40 pounds, the state refused to allow 
Porter to work with the lifting restriction in 
place and sent her home. Shortly thereafter, 
she was terminated. 
Due to a combination of gaps in the law 
and 
narrow 
judicial 
interpretations, 
Congress’s efforts through the PDA to eradi-
cate ‘‘the pervasive presumption that women 
are mothers first, and workers second’’ have 
‘‘proved ineffective for a number of reasons.’’ 
First, as described in A Better Balance’s re-
port, ‘‘Long Overdue,’’ two-thirds of women 
lose their PDA pregnancy accommodation 
claims in court. A high percentage of these 
losses can be traced to courts’ rejection of 
pregnant workers’ comparators or to work-
ers’ inability to find a comparator, under the 
Supreme Court’s Young framework. The 
Young standard also has done little to create 
clarity in the law, sowing confusion among 
lower courts, juries, and litigants alike. As A 
Better Balance co-president Dina Bakst tes-
tified earlier this year: 
[R]ecent decisions further illustrate how 
steep a barrier Young and its comparator 
standard have erected to proving pregnancy 
discrimination in court. Workers, especially 
low-wage workers—and particularly women 
of color—typically do not have access to 
their coworkers’ personnel files and do not 
otherwise know how they are being treated. 
Often, this information is rightly confiden-
tial, which means a pregnant worker would 
be unable to find the information needed to 
show they are entitled to an accommodation. 
Second, litigating accommodation cases 
under the PDA has proven so onerous and 
timeconsuming as to be wholly ineffective in 
the lives of real women. As noted above, 
Devyn Williams was still litigating her ac-
commodation case nearly five years after she 
requested accommodation. Such delay has 
devastating consequences for pregnant work-
ers who need accommodation promptly, not 
five years later. As our co-president testi-
fied: 
Most pregnant workers do not have the re-
sources, 
time, 
or 
desire 
to 
engage 
in 
timeconsuming and stressful litigation to at-
tempt to obtain such information. They 
want, and need, to be able to receive an ac-
commodation promptly, so they can con-
tinue earning income while maintaining a 
healthy pregnancy. 
Finally, even when pregnant workers win 
their PDA accommodation cases, it is be-
cause they are lucky enough to find the per-
fect comparator or, like Devyn Williams, to 
have a state employer foolish enough to doc-
ument their gender animus in a ‘‘smoking 
gun’’ email—the kinds of evidence courts 
have deemed necessary to prevail under the 
PDA. The many pregnant women who lack 
such evidence—but who nevertheless are de-
nied the accommodations they need due to 
their state employers’ animus and stereo-
types—do not bring suit at all, a reality A 
Better Balance often hears from workers on 
its legal helpline. If a standard is so onerous 
as to prevent workers from seeking justice, 
that means current law offers no adequate 
remedy for a pernicious, unconstitutional 
form of discrimination. 
The PDA’s failure to combat states’ record 
of unconstitutional gender discrimination 
demands further action by Congress. Where, 
as here, ‘‘Congress ha[s] already tried unsuc-
cessfully’’ to remedy violations of equal pro-
tection and such ‘‘previous legislative at-
tempts ha[ve] failed,’’ then ‘‘added prophy-
lactic measures’’ are justified and, indeed, 
imperative. The Pregnant Workers Fairness 
Act (PWFA) is just such a measure. 
The PWFA is narrow, tailored, and tar-
geted to combat gender discrimination, in-
cluding invalid sex role stereotypes about 
the place of ‘‘mothers or mothers-to-be’’ in 
the work sphere. By requiring reasonable ac-
commodation of pregnant workers only 
where doing so would not cause employers 
undue hardship, the PWFA is carefully craft-
ed to deter and quickly remedy unconstitu-
tional sex discrimination in the hiring, re-
tention, and promotion of young (poten-
tially-pregnant) women and soon-to-become 
mothers. Moreover reasonable accommoda-
tions for pregnancy are inherently time-lim-
ited, and the vast majority of accommoda-
tions pregnant workers need, like the right 
to carry a water bottle or sit on a stool at a 
retail counter, are low-cost or no-cost. The 
minimal (or non-existent) economic cost of a 
pregnancy accommodation is one reason 
major industry groups, such as the U.S. 
Chamber of Commerce, champion the PWFA. 
We urge Congress to pass this much-needed 
legislation: 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
how much time do I have remaining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Virginia has 51⁄2 minutes 
remaining. 
The 
gentlewoman 
from 
North Carolina has 121⁄2 minutes re-
maining. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself 41⁄2 minutes. 
Mr. Speaker, the Pregnant Workers 
Fairness Act is based on the simple 
idea that no one in this country should 
have to choose between financial secu-
rity and a healthy pregnancy. 
This concept of fairness for pregnant 
workers is precisely why both Demo-
crats and Republicans came together 
to pass the Pregnant Workers Fairness 
Act in the last Congress. 
Let’s be clear. Reasonable protec-
tions for workers are nothing new in 
our Nation’s workplaces. Employers al-
ready have several decades of experi-
ence providing reasonable accommoda-
tions for workers with disabilities 
under the Americans with Disabilities 
Act. 
We have heard about the fact that it 
doesn’t include a religious exemption. 
Well, the Religious Freedom Restora-
tion 
Act 
still 
applies. 
The 
First 
Amendment still applies. But there is 
no reason to give a wholesale exemp-
tion to religious organizations, because 
what are you exempting them from? 
Providing water for pregnant workers, 
giving a bathroom break to a pregnant 
worker, is that what they need an ex-
emption from? 
We need to make sure that those ac-
commodations are available to all 
pregnant women who are working and 
that organizations with at least 15 
workers are guaranteeing protections 
for pregnant workers in Federal law. 
b 1015 
By doing that, this bill will eliminate 
the confusing patchwork of State and 
local workplace standards that workers 
and employers are currently forced to 
navigate. This legislation has broad 
support across the political spectrum 
and our communities. 
In a recent nationwide survey, 89 per-
cent of voters say they support the 
Pregnant Workers Fairness Act. Labor 
unions; civil rights groups, as we have 
heard; and the business community, in-
cluding the Chamber of Commerce, 
have all endorsed this proposal as it is. 
It is imperative that we finally guar-
antee pregnant workers access to rea-
sonable workplace accommodations. 
Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD 
a letter signed by over 250 organiza-
tions in support of H.R. 1065, the Preg-
nant Workers Fairness Act. 
MAY 11, 2021. 
Re Pregnant Workers Fairness Act. 
DEAR MEMBER OF CONGRESS: As organiza-
tions committed to promoting the health 
and economic security of our nation’s fami-
lies, we urge you to support the Pregnant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:13 May 15, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00021
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.028
H14MYPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 20-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H2340 
May 14, 2021 
Workers Fairness Act, a crucial maternal 
and infant health measure. This bipartisan 
legislation promotes healthy pregnancies 
and economic security for pregnant workers 
and their families and strengthens the econ-
omy. 
In the last few decades, there has been a 
dramatic demographic shift in the work-
force. Not only do women now make up al-
most half of the workforce, but there are 
more pregnant workers than ever before and 
they are working later into their preg-
nancies. The simple reality is that some 
pregnant workers—especially those in phys-
ically demanding jobs—will have a medical 
need for a temporary job-related accommo-
dation in order to maintain a healthy preg-
nancy. Yet, too often, instead of providing 
pregnant workers with an accommodation, 
employers will fire or push them onto unpaid 
leave, depriving them of a paycheck and 
health insurance at a time when it may be 
most needed. 
Additionally, discrimination affects preg-
nant workers across race and ethnicity, but 
women of color and immigrants may be at 
particular risk. Latinas, Black women and 
immigrant women are more likely to hold 
certain inflexible and physically demanding 
jobs that can present specific challenges for 
pregnant workers, such as cashiers, home 
health aides, food service workers, and 
cleaners, making reasonable accommoda-
tions on the job even more important, and 
loss of wages and health insurance due to 
pregnancy discrimination especially chal-
lenging. American families and the Amer-
ican economy depend on women’s income: we 
cannot afford to force pregnant workers out 
of work. 
In 2015, in Young v. United Parcel Service, 
the Supreme Court held that a failure to 
make accommodations for pregnant workers 
with medical needs will sometimes violate 
the Pregnancy Discrimination Act of 1978 
(PDA). Yet, even after Young, pregnant 
workers are still not getting the accom-
modations they need to stay safe and 
healthy on the job and employers lack clar-
ity as to their obligations under the law. The 
Pregnant Workers Fairness Act will provide 
a clear, predictable rule: employers must 
provide reasonable accommodations for limi-
tations arising out of pregnancy, childbirth, 
or related medical conditions, unless this 
would pose an undue hardship. 
The Pregnant Workers Fairness Act is 
modeled after the Americans with Disabil-
ities Act (ADA) and offers employers and em-
ployees a familiar reasonable accommoda-
tion framework to follow. Under the ADA, 
workers with disabilities enjoy clear statu-
tory protections and need not prove how 
other employees are treated in order to ob-
tain necessary accommodations. Pregnant 
workers 
deserve 
the 
same 
clarity 
and 
streamlined process and should not have to 
ascertain how their employer treats others 
in order to understand their own accommo-
dation rights, as the Supreme Court’s ruling 
currently requires. 
Evidence from states and cities that have 
adopted laws similar to the Pregnant Work-
ers Fairness Act suggests that providing this 
clarity reduces lawsuits and, most impor-
tantly, helps ensure that workers can obtain 
necessary reasonable accommodations in a 
timely manner, which keeps pregnant work-
ers healthy and earning an income when 
they need it most. Workers should not have 
to choose between providing for their family 
and maintaining a healthy pregnancy, and 
the Pregnant Workers Fairness Act would 
ensure that all those working for covered 
employers would be protected. 
The need for the Pregnant Workers Fair-
ness Act is recognized across ideological and 
partisan lines. Thirty states and D.C. have 
adopted pregnant worker fairness measures 
with broad, and often unanimous, bipartisan 
support. Twenty-five of those laws have 
passed within the last seven years. These 
states include: Alaska, California, Colorado, 
Connecticut, Delaware, Hawaii, Illinois, Ken-
tucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Maine, Massa-
chusetts, Minnesota, Nebraska, New Mexico, 
Nevada, New Jersey, New York, North Caro-
lina, North Dakota, Oregon, Rhode Island, 
South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, 
West Virginia, Vermont, Virginia, and Wash-
ington. Lawmakers have concluded that ac-
commodating pregnant workers who need it 
is a measured approach grounded in family 
values and basic fairness. 
The Pregnant Workers Fairness Act is nec-
essary because it promotes long-term eco-
nomic security and workplace fairness. When 
accommodations allow pregnant workers to 
continue to work, they can maintain income 
and seniority, while forced leave sets new 
parents back with lost wages and missed ad-
vancement opportunities. When pregnant 
workers are fired, not only do they and their 
families lose critical income, but they must 
fight extra hard to re-enter a job market 
that is especially brutal on those who are 
pregnant and unemployed. 
The Pregnant Workers Fairness Act is 
vital because it supports healthy preg-
nancies. The choice between risking a job 
and risking the health of a pregnancy is one 
no one should have to make. Pregnant work-
ers who cannot perform some aspects of their 
usual duties without risking their own 
health or the health of their pregnancy, but 
whose families cannot afford to lose their in-
come, may continue working under dan-
gerous conditions. There are health con-
sequences to pushing pregnant workers out 
of the workforce as well. Stress from job loss 
can increase the risk of having a premature 
baby and/or a baby with low birth weight. In 
addition, if workers are not forced to use 
their leave during pregnancy, they may have 
more leave available to take following child-
birth, which in turn facilitates lactation, 
bonding with and caring for a new child, and 
recovering from childbirth. 
For all of these reasons, we urge you to 
support the Pregnant Workers Fairness Act. 
We also welcome the opportunity to pro-
vide you with additional information. 
Sincerely, 
A Better Balance, American Civil Liberties 
Union, National Partnership for Women & 
Families, National Women’s Law Center, 
1,000 Days, 2020 Mom, 9to5, ACTION OHIO Co-
alition For Battered Women, Advocates for 
Youth, AFL-CIO, African American Min-
isters In Action, Alaska Breastfeeding Coali-
tion, Alianza Nacional de Campesinas, All- 
Options, Academy of Nutrition and Dietet-
ics, American Academy of Pediatrics, Amer-
ican 
Association 
of 
University, 
Women 
(AAUW), American Association of Univer-
sity, Women (AAUW) Indianapolis, American 
College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, 
American Federation of State, County and 
Municipal Employees. 
American Federation of Teachers, Amer-
ican Public Health Association, AnitaB.org, 
Asian Pacific American Labor Alliance, 
AFL-CIO, Association of Farmworker Oppor-
tunity Programs, Association of Maternal & 
Child Health Programs, Association of State 
Public Health Nutritionists, Autistic Self 
Advocacy Network, Baby Cafe USA, Beau-
fort-Jasper-Hampton Comprehensive Health 
Services, Black Mamas Matter Alliance, 
Black Women’s Roundtable, Bazelon Center 
for Mental Health Law, Bloom, Baby! Birth-
ing Services, Bread For the World. 
Breastfeeding 
Coalition 
of 
Delaware, 
Breastfeeding 
Family 
Friendly 
Commu-
nities, Breastfeeding Hawaii, BreastfeedLA, 
Building 
Pathways, 
Inc, 
California 
Breastfeeding Coalition, California WIC As-
sociation, California Work & Family Coali-
tion, California Women’s Law Center, Casa 
de Esperanza: National Latina@ Network for 
Healthy Families and Communities, Center 
for American Progress, Center for Law and 
Social Policy (CLASP), Center for LGBTQ 
Economic, Advancement & Research, Center 
for Parental Leave Leadership, Center for 
Public Justice, Center for Reproductive 
Rights, Chosen Vessels Midwifery Services, 
Church World Service, Clearinghouse on 
Women’s Issues, CLUW. 
Coalition for Restaurant Safety & Health, 
Coalition of Labor Union Women (CLUW), 
Coalition on Human Needs, Congregation of 
Our Lady of Charity of the Good Shepherd, 
U.S. Provinces, Connecticut Women’s Edu-
cation and Legal Fund (CWEALF), DC Doro-
thy Day Catholic Worker, Disability Rights 
Education & Defense Fund, Disciples Center 
for Public Witness, Economic Policy Insti-
tute, Equality Ohio, Equal Pay Today, Equal 
Rights Advocates, Every Texan, Every Moth-
er, Inc., Family Equality, Family Values @ 
Work, Farmworker Justice, Feminist Major-
ity Foundation, First Focus Campaign for 
Children. 
Futures Without Violence, Gender Equal-
ity Law Center, Gender Justice, Grand-
mothers for Reproductive Rights (GRR!), Ha-
dassah, The Women’s Zionist, Organization 
of America, Inc., Hawai‘i Children’s Action 
Network Speaks!, Health Care For America 
Now, Healthier Moms and Babies, Healthy 
Children Project, Inc., Healthy and Free 
Tennessee, Healthy Mothers, Healthy Babies 
Coalition of Georgia, HealthyWomen, His-
panic Federation, Hoosier Action, Human 
Rights Watch, ICNA CSJ, In Our Own Voice: 
National Black Women’s Reproductive Jus-
tice Agenda, Indiana Chapter of the Amer-
ican Academy of Pediatrics, Indiana Insti-
tute for Working Families. 
Indianapolis Urban League, Institute for 
Women’s Policy Research, Interfaith Work-
ers Justice, Justice for Migrant Women, 
Kansas 
Action 
for 
Children, 
Kansas 
Breastfeeding Coalition, KWH Law Center 
for Social Justice and Change, La Leche 
League Alliance, La Leche League USA, 
LatinoJustice PRLDEF, LCLAA, Legal Aid 
at Work, Legal Momentum, The Women’s 
Legal Defense and Education Fund, Legal 
Voice, Mabel Wadsworth Center, Main Street 
Alliance, Maine Women’s Lobby, Make It 
Work Nevada, Mana, A National Latina Or-
ganization. 
March of Dimes, Maternal Mental Health 
Leadership Alliance, MCCOY (Marion Coun-
ty Commission on Youth), Methodist Federa-
tion 
for 
Social 
Action, 
Michigan 
Breastfeeding Network, Michigan League for 
Public Policy, Midwives Alliance of Hawaii, 
Minus 9 to 5, Mississippi Black Women’s 
Roundtable, Mom Congress, MomsRising, 
Monroe County NOW, Mother Hubbard’s Cup-
board, Mothering Justice, Mother’s Own 
Milk Matters, MS Black Women’s Round-
table & MS, Women’s Economic Security Ini-
tiative, NAACP, NARAL Pro-Choice Amer-
ica, National Advocacy Center of the Sisters 
of the Good Shepherd, National Asian Pacific 
American Women’s Forum (NAPAWF). 
National Association of Pediatric Nurse 
Practitioners, National Association of Social 
Workers, National Association of Social 
Workers NH Chapter, National Advocates for 
Pregnant Women, National Birth Equity Col-
laborative, National Center for Law and Eco-
nomic Justice, National Center for Lesbian 
Rights, National Center for Parent Leader-
ship, Advocacy, and Community Empower-
ment (National PLACE), National Coalition 
for the Homeless, National Coalition of 100 
Black Women, Inc., Central Ohio Chapter, 
National Coalition Against Domestic Vio-
lence, National Consumers League, National 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:27 May 15, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00022
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.029
H14MYPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 21-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H2341 
May 14, 2021 
Council for Occupational Safety and Health 
(National COSH). 
National Council of Jewish Women, Na-
tional Council of Jewish Women Cleveland, 
National Council of Jewish Women (NCJW), 
Atlanta Section, National Domestic Workers 
Alliance, National Education Association, 
National Employment Law Project, National 
Employment Lawyers Association, National 
Health Law Program, National Hispanic 
Council on Aging, National Network to End 
Domestic Violence, National Organization 
for Women, National Urban League, National 
WIC Association, National Women’s Health 
Network, NETWORK Lobby for Catholic So-
cial Justice, New Jersey Breastfeeding Coali-
tion, New Jersey Citizen Action, New Jersey 
Time to Care Coalition. 
New Mexico Breastfeeding Task Force, 
New Working Majority, North Carolina Jus-
tice 
Center, 
Northwest 
Arkansas 
Breastfeeding Coalition, Nurse-Family Part-
nership, Nutrition First, Ohio Alliance to 
End Sexual Violence, Ohio Coalition for 
Labor Union Women, Ohio Domestic Vio-
lence Network, Ohio Federation of Teachers, 
Ohio Religious Coalition for Reproductive 
Choice, 
Ohio 
Women’s 
Alliance, 
Oxfam 
America, Paid Leave For All, Partnership for 
America’s Children, Peirce Consulting LLC, 
Philadelphia 
Coalition 
of 
Labor 
Union, 
Women Philly CLUW, Philadelphia NOW 
Education Fund, Philaposh, Physicians for 
Reproductive Health, Planned Parenthood 
Federation of America. 
PL+US: Paid Leave for the United States, 
Poder Latinx, Pontikes Law LLC, PowHer 
New York, Pray First Mission Ministries, 
Pretty Mama Breastfeeding, LLC, Prevent 
Child Abuse NC, Public Advocacy for Kids 
(PAK), 
Restaurant 
Opportunities 
Center 
United, RESULTS, RESULTS DC/MD, Shriv-
er Center on Poverty Law, SisterReach, 
SPAN Parent Advocacy Network (SPAN), 
Solutions for Breastfeeding, Speaking of 
Birth, Southwest Women’s Law Center, The 
International Union, United Automobile, 
Aerospace 
and 
Agricultural 
Implement 
Workers of America (UAW), The Leadership 
Conference on Civil and Human Rights, 
The Little Timmy Project, The National 
Domestic Violence Hotline, The Ohio Wom-
en’s Public Policy Network, The Women and 
Girls Foundation of Southwest Pennsyl-
vania, The Women’s Law Center of Mary-
land, The Zonta Club of Greater Queens, 
TIME’S UP Now, U.S. Breastfeeding Com-
mittee, Ujima Inc: The National Center on 
Violence Against Women in the Black Com-
munity, UltraViolet, Union for Reform Juda-
ism, United Church of Christ Justice and 
Witness Ministries, United Electrical, Radio 
and Machine Workers of America (UE), 
United Food and Commercial Workers Inter-
national Union (UFCW), United Spinal Asso-
ciation, United State of Women, United 
Steelworkers, United Today, Stronger To-
morrow. 
Universal Health Care Action Network of 
Ohio, VA NOW, Inc., Virginia Breastfeeding 
Advisory Committee, Virginia Breastfeeding 
Coalition, Voices for Progress, Wabanaki 
Women’s Coalition, We All Rise, West Vir-
ginia Breastfeeding Alliance, Western Kan-
sas Birthkeeping, William E. Morris Insti-
tute for Justice (Arizona), Women and Girls 
Foundation 
of 
Southwest 
Pennsylvania, 
Women Employed, Women of Reform Juda-
ism, Women’s Fund of Greater Chattanooga. 
Women’s Fund of Rhode Island, Women’s 
Law Project, Women’s March, Women’s 
Media Center, Women’s Rights and Em-
powerment Network, Women4Change, Work-
place Fairness, Workplace Justice Project at 
Loyola 
Law 
Clinic, 
Worksafe, 
WV 
Breastfeeding Alliance, WV Perinatal Part-
nership, Inc., YWCA Dayton, YWCA Greater 
Cincinnati, YWCA Mahoning Valley, YWCA 
McLean County, YWCA Northwestern Illi-
nois, YWCA USA, YWCA of the University of 
Illinois, ZERO TO THREE. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
lastly, I thank Chairman NADLER and 
Congressman KATKO for their leader-
ship on this important legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote, and 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self 30 seconds. 
Mr. Speaker, the chairman of the 
committee just said that this is going 
to stop the patchwork of laws related 
to this issue. 
Au contraire, Mr. Chairman. This is 
going to add to the confusion, which is 
the point I have been making over and 
over and over again. Simple addition of 
the reference to the Civil Rights Act 
would keep us from adding to the 
patchwork of laws and the confusion 
that this bill is going to create. And I 
am sorely disappointed that we could 
not work out this last little accommo-
dation. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I have one last speaker, and I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, House Republicans will 
not stand for discrimination of any 
kind. As a mother, a grandmother, and 
a very strong pro-life advocate, work-
place protections for pregnant women 
are particularly important to me. My 
Republican colleagues and I have long 
been committed to policies and laws 
that empower all Americans to achieve 
success, and this includes current pro-
tections in Federal law for pregnant 
workers. 
While meaningful and necessary bi-
partisan improvements were made to 
H.R. 1065, it falls short in protecting 
one of the Nation’s most treasured 
rights: Freedom of religion. 
Democrats’ refusal to include a com-
monsense, current-law provision that 
protects religious organizations from 
being forced to make employment deci-
sions that conflict with their faith is 
shortsighted and disappointing. Con-
gress should not be in the business of 
taking away rights from the American 
people. 
In fact, as we all know, the Constitu-
tion starts with the three most impor-
tant words outside the Bible: We the 
People. 
And then in the First Amendment to 
the Constitution—and I want to jog the 
memories of my colleagues—the Con-
stitution enshrines the right of reli-
gious freedom by saying: ‘‘Congress 
shall make no law respecting an estab-
lishment of religion’’—and this is very 
important, the next part—‘‘or prohib-
iting the free exercise thereof.’’ 
That is what we are talking about 
here today. We are talking about the 
free exercise of religion. I will say 
again: Congress should not be in the 
business of attempting to take away 
rights from the American people. The 
Constitution does not give us that 
right. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote, and 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman 
from 
California 
(Ms. 
PELOSI), 
the 
Speaker of the House of Representa-
tives. 
Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman for the recognition and 
for his leadership, and that of the com-
mittee in bringing this important bi-
partisan legislation to the floor. 
I salute the gentleman; I salute 
JERRY NADLER, an author of this legis-
lation, the chair of the Committee on 
the Judiciary; Mr. KATKO for his lead 
cosponsorship; among other Republican 
members, to make this strongly bipar-
tisan. 
Mr. Speaker, I am excited about this 
legislation as a mother of five chil-
dren—four daughters, one son—nine 
grandchildren. This is about a recogni-
tion of being family-friendly in our leg-
islation, as more women are a part of 
the economic success of our country. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise to support the 
Pregnant Workers Fairness Act, a 
strong bipartisan step to ensure that 
women are no longer forced to choose 
between maintaining a healthy preg-
nancy and paycheck—a choice that, for 
many, has serious health consequences. 
This landmark legislation advances 
the health of women and children, the 
financial security of families, and, 
really, the dynamism of our American 
economy. And its passage—while long 
overdue—is particularly urgent, as the 
lives and livelihood of so many are 
under threat from the coronavirus. 
Again, I thank the chairman and Mr. 
KATKO, Mr. NADLER, and so many oth-
ers for their leadership in passing this 
bill. And I thank all the cosponsors. 
Again, as a mother of five, I am espe-
cially proud to support the bill. And I 
want to salute all the mothers and 
women who have spoken out, often 
risking professional retaliation, to end 
pregnancy discrimination in the work-
place. 
This is what this means: It means 
that too often when a pregnant worker 
asks 
for 
a 
temporary 
job-related 
accomodation, she will be fired or 
pushed onto unpaid leave, deprived of 
her paycheck and health insurance 
when she needs them most. 
This is particularly true in many 
physically taxing jobs, which tend to 
be low wage and traditionally domi-
nated by women. And that is why we 
must pass the Pregnant Workers Fair-
ness Act, putting in place a clear, ex-
plicit 
pregnancy 
accommodation 
framework, similar to the standard 
that has been in place for decades for 
workers with disabilities, which I was 
proud to be part of. Our distinguished 
leader, Mr. HOYER, has been a major 
leader in that regard. 
Mr. Speaker, this legislation is also a 
matter of justice. As nearly 300 groups 
from the ACLU to Zero To Three re-
cently wrote to Congress—from A to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:27 May 15, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00023
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.029
H14MYPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 22-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H2342 
May 14, 2021 
Z—‘‘Discrimination 
affects 
pregnant 
workers across race and ethnicity, but 
women of color and immigrants may be 
at particular risk. 
‘‘Latinas, Black women and immi-
grant women are more likely to hold 
certain inflexible and physically de-
manding jobs that can present specific 
challenges for pregnant workers. . . . 
This can make reasonable accommoda-
tions on the job even more important, 
and loss of wages and health insurance 
due to pregnancy discrimination espe-
cially challenging.’’ 
I think it is important to note that 
this legislation is important also from 
the standpoint of hiring. We want to 
make sure that employers who are hir-
ing someone know there is a level play-
ing field should the woman of child-
bearing age—or even already blessed 
with a pregnancy—that this is a posi-
tive initiative for their workplace and 
their treating that person with respect 
is not placing them at any disadvan-
tage if the playing field is level. 
This comes at a time when—I men-
tioned about the pandemic—around 2 
million women were pushed out of the 
labor force. One out of four women re-
port they are still worse off financially 
than a year ago. Studies show it will 
take 18 months longer for the women’s 
employment to rebound from the pan-
demic than for men’s. And the reduc-
tion of women’s work hours and labor 
force participation is said to erase tens 
of billions of dollars from our economy. 
American women are part of the en-
gine of America’s economy and the key 
to building back better after this cri-
sis. And again, as we all say: When 
women succeed, America succeeds. 
And we can apply that to say: When 
women of childbearing age succeed, 
America certainly succeeds. 
And for mothers and women who are 
pregnant, the challenges are even grav-
er because our Nation still lacks suffi-
cient workplace protections against 
pregnancy discrimination. 
Mr. Speaker, that is why this legisla-
tion is so very important and is con-
sistent with what we pledge—liberty 
and justice for all women. 
I am very excited about this because, 
as we all know, pregnancy is a blessing 
to any family, and we do not want any 
intervention that can be avoided in 
terms of accommodating the needs of 
women who are pregnant. 
Mr. Speaker, I salute all of you. I am 
very excited about this legislation and 
I am so glad it will have strong bipar-
tisan support. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 380, the pre-
vious question is ordered on the bill, as 
amended. 
The question is on the engrossment 
and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the 
third time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that 
the ayes appeared to have it. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, on that I de-
mand the yeas and nays. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 3(s) of House Resolution 
8, the yeas and nays are ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 315, nays 
101, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 143] 
YEAS—315 
Adams 
Aguilar 
Allred 
Amodei 
Auchincloss 
Axne 
Bacon 
Balderson 
Barraga´n 
Bass 
Beatty 
Bentz 
Bera 
Beyer 
Bice (OK) 
Bilirakis 
Bishop (GA) 
Blumenauer 
Blunt Rochester 
Bonamici 
Bost 
Bourdeaux 
Bowman 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brown 
Brownley 
Buchanan 
Bucshon 
Burgess 
Bush 
Bustos 
Butterfield 
Calvert 
Carbajal 
Ca´rdenas 
Carson 
Carter (LA) 
Cartwright 
Case 
Casten 
Castor (FL) 
Castro (TX) 
Chabot 
Chu 
Cicilline 
Clark (MA) 
Clarke (NY) 
Cleaver 
Clyburn 
Cohen 
Cole 
Comer 
Connolly 
Cooper 
Correa 
Costa 
Courtney 
Craig 
Crenshaw 
Crist 
Crow 
Cuellar 
Curtis 
Davids (KS) 
Davis, Danny K. 
Davis, Rodney 
Dean 
DeFazio 
DeGette 
DeLauro 
DelBene 
Delgado 
Demings 
DeSaulnier 
Deutch 
Diaz-Balart 
Dingell 
Doggett 
Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Emmer 
Escobar 
Eshoo 
Espaillat 
Evans 
Feenstra 
Ferguson 
Fischbach 
Fitzpatrick 
Fleischmann 
Fletcher 
Fortenberry 
Foster 
Frankel, Lois 
Gaetz 
Gallagher 
Gallego 
Garamendi 
Garbarino 
Garcia (CA) 
Garcı´a (IL) 
Garcia (TX) 
Gimenez 
Gomez 
Gonzales, Tony 
Gonzalez (OH) 
Gonzalez, 
Vicente 
Gottheimer 
Granger 
Graves (LA) 
Green, Al (TX) 
Grijalva 
Guthrie 
Hagedorn 
Harder (CA) 
Hayes 
Herrera Beutler 
Higgins (NY) 
Hill 
Himes 
Hinson 
Hollingsworth 
Horsford 
Houlahan 
Hoyer 
Hudson 
Huffman 
Huizenga 
Issa 
Jackson Lee 
Jacobs (CA) 
Jacobs (NY) 
Jayapal 
Jeffries 
Johnson (GA) 
Johnson (OH) 
Johnson (SD) 
Johnson (TX) 
Jones 
Joyce (OH) 
Kahele 
Kaptur 
Katko 
Keating 
Kelly (IL) 
Khanna 
Kildee 
Kilmer 
Kim (CA) 
Kim (NJ) 
Kind 
Kinzinger 
Kirkpatrick 
Krishnamoorthi 
Kuster 
Kustoff 
LaMalfa 
Lamb 
Langevin 
Larsen (WA) 
Larson (CT) 
Latta 
Lawrence 
Lawson (FL) 
Lee (CA) 
Lee (NV) 
Leger Fernandez 
Lesko 
Levin (CA) 
Levin (MI) 
Lieu 
Lofgren 
Lowenthal 
Lucas 
Luria 
Lynch 
Malinowski 
Malliotakis 
Maloney, 
Carolyn B. 
Maloney, Sean 
Manning 
Matsui 
McBath 
McCarthy 
McCaul 
McCollum 
McEachin 
McGovern 
McKinley 
McNerney 
Meeks 
Meijer 
Meng 
Mfume 
Miller-Meeks 
Moolenaar 
Mooney 
Moore (UT) 
Moore (WI) 
Morelle 
Moulton 
Mrvan 
Mullin 
Murphy (NC) 
Nadler 
Napolitano 
Neal 
Neguse 
Newhouse 
Newman 
Norcross 
Nunes 
O’Halleran 
Obernolte 
Ocasio-Cortez 
Omar 
Owens 
Pallone 
Panetta 
Pappas 
Pascrell 
Payne 
Perlmutter 
Peters 
Phillips 
Pingree 
Pocan 
Porter 
Pressley 
Price (NC) 
Quigley 
Raskin 
Reed 
Rice (NY) 
Rogers (KY) 
Ross 
Roybal-Allard 
Ruiz 
Ruppersberger 
Rush 
Rutherford 
Ryan 
Salazar 
Sa´nchez 
Sarbanes 
Scalise 
Scanlon 
Schakowsky 
Schiff 
Schneider 
Schrader 
Schrier 
Schweikert 
Scott (VA) 
Scott, David 
Sewell 
Sherman 
Sherrill 
Sires 
Slotkin 
Smith (MO) 
Smith (NJ) 
Smith (WA) 
Soto 
Spanberger 
Spartz 
Speier 
Stanton 
Stauber 
Steel 
Stefanik 
Steil 
Stevens 
Stewart 
Strickland 
Suozzi 
Swalwell 
Takano 
Tenney 
Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) 
Tiffany 
Titus 
Tlaib 
Tonko 
Torres (CA) 
Torres (NY) 
Trahan 
Trone 
Turner 
Underwood 
Upton 
Valadao 
Van Drew 
Vargas 
Veasey 
Vela 
Vela´zquez 
Wagner 
Walorski 
Waltz 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters 
Watson Coleman 
Welch 
Wenstrup 
Wexton 
Wild 
Williams (GA) 
Williams (TX) 
Wilson (FL) 
Wilson (SC) 
Wittman 
Womack 
Yarmuth 
Zeldin 
NAYS—101 
Aderholt 
Allen 
Armstrong 
Arrington 
Babin 
Baird 
Banks 
Barr 
Bishop (NC) 
Boebert 
Brady 
Brooks 
Buck 
Budd 
Burchett 
Cammack 
Carl 
Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) 
Cawthorn 
Cheney 
Cline 
Cloud 
Clyde 
Crawford 
Davidson 
DesJarlais 
Donalds 
Duncan 
Dunn 
Fallon 
Fitzgerald 
Foxx 
Franklin, C. 
Scott 
Fulcher 
Gibbs 
Gohmert 
Good (VA) 
Gooden (TX) 
Gosar 
Graves (MO) 
Green (TN) 
Greene (GA) 
Grothman 
Guest 
Harris 
Harshbarger 
Hern 
Herrell 
Hice (GA) 
Higgins (LA) 
Jackson 
Johnson (LA) 
Jordan 
Joyce (PA) 
Keller 
Kelly (PA) 
LaHood 
Lamborn 
LaTurner 
Letlow 
Long 
Loudermilk 
Luetkemeyer 
Mace 
Mann 
Massie 
Mast 
McClain 
McClintock 
McHenry 
Miller (IL) 
Miller (WV) 
Moore (AL) 
Nehls 
Norman 
Palazzo 
Palmer 
Pence 
Perry 
Pfluger 
Posey 
Reschenthaler 
Rice (SC) 
Rodgers (WA) 
Rogers (AL) 
Rose 
Rosendale 
Rouzer 
Roy 
Scott, Austin 
Sessions 
Smith (NE) 
Smucker 
Steube 
Taylor 
Timmons 
Van Duyne 
Walberg 
Weber (TX) 
Westerman 
NOT VOTING—14 
Bergman 
Biggs 
Estes 
Golden 
Griffith 
Hartzler 
Kelly (MS) 
Meuser 
Murphy (FL) 
Simpson 
Stivers 
Thompson (PA) 
Webster (FL) 
Young 
b 1103 
Messrs. RICE of South Carolina, 
MAST, and Mrs. RODGERS of Wash-
ington changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ 
to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mr. WITTMAN and Mrs. FISCHBACH 
changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to 
‘‘yea.’’ 
So the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Madam Speaker, I 
voted in error on rollcall 143. I mistakenly 
voted no when I intended to vote yes. 
Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, today I am ab-
sent due to a family matter. Had I been 
present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall 
No. 143 (H.R. 1065). 
Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speak-
er, I voted no on H.R. 1065, however, this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:13 May 15, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00024
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.029
H14MYPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 23-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H2343 
May 14, 2021 
vote was a mistake. I support H.R. 1065, the 
Pregnant Workers Fairness Act. 
Stated against: 
Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 143 
on H.R. 1065, I am not recorded because I 
had to return home to my district to attend the 
funeral of a close family friend. Had I been 
present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall 
No. 143. 
Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I 
was absent from votes today due to Mis-
sissippi National Guard obligations. Had I 
been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on 
rollcall No. 143. 
Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Speaker, please accept 
this personal explanation as I was unexpect-
edly detained during vote proceedings. Had I 
been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on 
rollcall No. 143. 
MEMBERS RECORDED PURSUANT TO HOUSE 
RESOLUTION 8, 117TH CONGRESS 
Allred (Stevens) 
Beatty 
(Lawrence) 
Bilirakis 
(Fleischmann) 
Ca´rdenas 
(Gallego) 
Comer 
(Cammack) 
Correa (Vargas) 
Crenshaw 
(Pfluger) 
Doyle, Michael 
F. (Cartwright) 
Grijalva (Garcı´a 
(IL)) 
Huffman 
(Thompson 
(CA)) 
Johnson (GA) 
(Cohen) 
Johnson (TX) 
(Jeffries) 
Jones (Jacobs 
(CA)) 
Kirkpatrick 
(Stanton) 
Lawson (FL) 
(Evans) 
Lieu (Beyer) 
Lofgren (Jeffries) 
Lowenthal 
(Beyer) 
McEachin 
(Wexton) 
McHenry (Banks) 
Meng (Clark 
(MA)) 
Moore (WI) 
(Beyer) 
Napolitano (Chu) 
Payne (Pallone) 
Porter (Wexton) 
Ruiz (Aguilar) 
Ruppersberger 
(Raskin) 
Rush 
(Underwood) 
Sewell (DelBene) 
Sires (Pallone) 
Slotkin 
(Stevens) 
Smith (WA) 
(Kilmer) 
Speier (Scanlon) 
Strickland 
(Del Bene) 
Timmons 
(Gonzalez 
(OH)) 
Torres (CA) 
(Barraga´n) 
Wagner 
(Walorski) 
Welch 
(McGovern) 
Wilson (FL) 
(Hayes) 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF 
MICHAEL LONG 
(Ms. PELOSI asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute.) 
Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, it is with 
great pride and some emotion that I 
rise to honor an outstanding and long-
standing member of my staff who has 
been a pillar of my office for nearly 15 
years, my Senior Advisor and Director 
of Member Services, Michael Long. 
To Members of Congress and all who 
work and serve in this Chamber, the 
name Michael Long is synonymous 
with excellence. 
Michael is a coalition-builder and a 
communicator, a liaison and a leader 
with an extraordinary talent for forg-
ing enduring, effective connections, 
both within and outside the Capitol. I 
have watched him with great pride 
over the years as he welcomed young 
people to the Capitol, including the 
Boy Scouts, as an Eagle Scout himself, 
showing his leadership from early on, 
whether it is his communication with 
his many friends and admirers in the 
Congressional Black Caucus or with 
the Members across the Congress on 
both sides of the aisle. 
We all know and are grateful for his 
unwavering patience and perseverance 
and his remarkable ability to antici-
pate and meet the needs of Members. 
Michael comes from a family that is 
committed to the civil rights move-
ment. He has it in his DNA, although 
he is younger than the movement. 
For this and other reasons, many of 
us were privileged that Michael came 
with us, under the leadership of KAREN 
BASS and the Congressional Black Cau-
cus, to Ghana. 
Mr. Whip, you were a leader in that 
delegation, and you know how moving 
it was. 
But Michael brought, in his DNA, the 
spirit of his father, Isaac, who was 
watching down from Heaven and saw 
Michael be part of that historic trip. 
The 
whole 
time, 
he 
wore 
Isaac’s 
cufflinks as Isaac looked down with 
pride, and his mother, Naomi, and sis-
ter, Veronica, looked on with love from 
here, taking great pride in Michael. 
Mr. Whip, it is such an honor that 
you are in the Chair as I pay tribute to 
Michael, a real tribute to him and his 
work. 
Michael has been a tremendous asset 
to the Speaker’s Office and my leader-
ship team over the years, and to the 
entire Democratic Caucus and the en-
tire Congress, ensuring that we can de-
liver progress For the People. 
He can take pride, as I do, in know-
ing the key role that he has played in 
our passing legislation to lift up work-
ing families across America. That hap-
pened because of his leadership. 
While Michael’s trusted presence on 
this floor and on Capitol Hill will be 
missed, we are grateful for his service, 
as well as for his work as a mentor and 
leader to forge a path for others to fol-
low. Indeed, his tenure has been both 
historic and impactful. 
On behalf of the House of Representa-
tives, I thank Michael Long and wish 
him the best in the next stages of his 
journey. 
With great admiration and apprecia-
tion, thank you, Michael Long. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM 
(Mr. FERGUSON asked and was 
given permission to address the House 
for 1 minute.) 
Mr. FERGUSON. Madam Speaker, I 
rise for the purpose of inquiring to the 
majority the schedule for the week to 
come. 
I yield to the gentleman from Cali-
fornia (Mr. AGUILAR), my friend and 
colleague, the vice chair of the Demo-
cratic Caucus. 
Mr. AGUILAR. Madam Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman for yielding. 
On Monday, the House will meet at 12 
p.m. for morning-hour debate and 2 
p.m. for legislative business, with votes 
expected no earlier than 6:30 p.m. 
On Tuesday and Wednesday, the 
House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning- 
hour debate and 12 p.m. for legislative 
business. 
On Thursday, the House will meet at 
9 a.m. for legislative business, with last 
votes no later than 3 p.m. 
We will consider several bills under 
suspension of the rules. A complete list 
of the suspension bills will be an-
nounced by the close of business today. 
In addition, we will consider bills re-
jecting hate toward the Asian-Amer-
ican and Pacific Islander community, 
including S. 937, the Senate-passed 
COVID–19 Hate Crimes Act, which ad-
dresses the dramatic increase in hate 
crimes targeting the AAPI community 
since the start of the pandemic. 
H. Res. 275, a resolution condemning 
the horrific shootings in Atlanta, Geor-
gia, on March 16, 2021, and reaffirming 
the House of Representatives’ commit-
ment to combatting hate, bigotry, and 
violence against the AAPI community. 
b 1115 
We will also consider H.R. 1629, the 
Fairness in Orphan Drug Exclusivity 
Act, which closes the loophole that 
blocks 
pharmaceutical 
competition 
and prevents innovative treatments for 
opioid use disorder from coming to 
market, and would help millions of 
Americans suffering from opioid addic-
tion. 
Next week, the House will also con-
sider the Emergency Security Supple-
mental to Respond to January 6th Ap-
propriations Act, 2021, which addresses 
enhanced security needs for the Capitol 
complex; and House Resolution 3233, 
the National Commission to Inves-
tigate the January 6 Attack on the 
United States Capitol Complex Act, 
which establishes a commission to in-
vestigate the insurrection at the Cap-
itol on January 6. 
This is bipartisan legislation. I want 
to thank Chairman THOMPSON
and 
Ranking Member KATKO for their lead-
ership in announcing this bill, and I 
hope that it will have broad bipartisan 
support next week. 
Mr. FERGUSON. Madam Speaker, I 
want to thank the majority for those 
remarks on the schedule. 
I also want to take a minute to 
thank the leader, and others over 
there, for helping pass H.R. 2877, the 
Behavioral 
Intervention 
Guidelines 
Act. It is a really good bill that will go 
a long way in supporting school safety. 
I know there were many questions 
about it, and everybody worked to get 
it to a good spot. I would like to, again, 
extend my appreciation for all of the 
help from my Democratic colleagues. 
Turning to the operations of the 
House, as the gentleman knows, the 
CDC has now lifted all mask and social 
distancing 
requirements. 
President 
Biden has lifted the mask requirements 
for the White House staff. But, amaz-
ingly, here in the House of Representa-
tives, we still must wear the mask, 
stagger the vote times, have these long 
vote times. We should be going back to 
a 5-minute and a 2-minute schedule so 
we can do the work of the House. 
When can we expect these restric-
tions to be lifted? 
Madam Speaker, I yield to the gen-
tleman from California. 
Mr. AGUILAR. Madam Speaker, I 
want to thank the gentleman for the 
question and for acknowledging the ex-
traordinary success of the Biden-Harris 
administration in putting millions of 
shots in arms at a historic pace. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:13 May 15, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00025
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.025
H14MYPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 24-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H2344 
May 14, 2021 
Mr. FERGUSON. Madam Speaker, re-
claiming my time. 
We, as Americans, should all cele-
brate Operation Warp Speed and the 
work done by the administration to be 
able to do that and to follow through. 
We greatly appreciate the Biden ad-
ministration’s following up on the real-
ly great work of Operation Warp Speed 
and the Trump administration. 
Mr. AGUILAR. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. FERGUSON. I yield to the gen-
tleman. 
Mr. AGUILAR. Madam Speaker, that 
success that the gentleman talked 
about was fueled by this Congress last 
year and this year and by a science- 
based investment approach that the 
American Rescue Plan offered. As evi-
denced by this guidance, we are build-
ing back. 
But I want to call particular atten-
tion to the ‘‘Dear Colleague’’ letter 
that Dr. Monahan sent out to everyone 
on the Capitol complex campus. It 
says: ‘‘The present mask requirement 
and other guidelines remain unchanged 
until all Members and floor staff are 
fully vaccinated.’’ 
Mr. FERGUSON. Madam Speaker, re-
claiming my time. 
That is in direct contradiction to 
CDC guidelines. 
And on top of that, will the gen-
tleman explain how in the world you 
are going to get that information that 
every member of this body has been 
vaccinated without violating HIPAA 
laws? 
Mr. AGUILAR. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. FERGUSON. Please. I would love 
an answer. 
Mr. AGUILAR. The centerpiece of 
this strategy that the gentleman just 
acknowledged is vaccinations. 
It is important that we continue to 
get as many Members as we can vac-
cinated. That is the strategy that Dr. 
Monahan, Rear Admiral Monahan, a 
distinguished physician, the strategy 
that he has laid out. 
Mr. 
FERGUSON. 
Reclaiming 
my 
time. 
Of course, we would like all Ameri-
cans to be vaccinated. But, again, you 
will never be able to understand or 
know how many Members are actually 
vaccinated unless you require them to 
give you that information. If you re-
quire them to give you that informa-
tion, then the majority will be in viola-
tion of the HIPAA privacy laws. 
How in the world can you violate the 
HIPAA privacy laws on this? What does 
that mean for future pandemics and fu-
ture diseases? 
There are laws in place that say that 
Members do not have to disclose their 
health information. And if the gen-
tleman could please explain how you 
force a Member of this body to disclose 
their personal health information with-
out violating HIPAA laws, I would love 
to hear that answer. 
Mr. AGUILAR. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. FERGUSON. I yield to the gen-
tleman. 
Mr. AGUILAR. Madam Speaker, the 
cornerstone of the strategy is vaccina-
tions. What the gentleman is asking is 
an important question. What the ma-
jority is saying is, let’s follow the guid-
ance of the Office of the Attending 
Physician. 
We have no interest in knowing indi-
vidually what Members and what staff 
members are vaccinated. Our interest 
is in governing this House and the op-
erations of this body, and we trust that 
Dr. Monahan will work with both par-
ties and both sides of the aisle and will 
give us a report when this House is 
fully vaccinated. That becomes our 
guidance. 
Mr. 
FERGUSON. 
Reclaiming 
my 
time. 
So the President, the leader of the 
Democratic socialist movement right 
now here in America, has said that it is 
good enough for the White House, yet 
you are going to defer to the House 
physician over the President of the 
United States. 
Mr. AGUILAR. Will the gentleman 
yield? We will talk about the Constitu-
tion. 
Mr. FERGUSON. No. 
My point is that there is so much in-
consistency here. You will never, ever 
get to the point, Madam Speaker, that 
you will ever be able to get every Mem-
ber to show some sort of vaccination 
card without violating the HIPAA pri-
vacy protections. 
Again, I am listening to the rhetoric. 
It is a simple question: How do you 
compel Members of this body to dis-
close their private health information 
without violating HIPAA laws? 
Not strategy. Not theoretical. How 
are you going to do that? 
What provision in the law, in the 
HIPAA protections of an American’s 
private information regarding their 
healthcare record, are you going to 
waive to compel Members of the House 
to show that they have been vac-
cinated? 
I yield to my colleague from Cali-
fornia. 
Mr. AGUILAR. I appreciate the gen-
tleman from Georgia yielding once 
again. I will try to be as clear as I pos-
sibly can. 
We will follow the guidance of the Of-
fice of the Attending Physician, a deco-
rated rear admiral, who is hoping, with 
the Sergeant at Arms, to govern the 
Capitol complex. 
As the CDC guidelines mention—and 
I am sure my colleague has read the 
full CDC guidance, which specifically 
says government buildings and local 
governments and State governments 
may make separate—— 
Mr. 
FERGUSON. 
Reclaiming 
my 
time. 
I will wrap this topic up with a cou-
ple of observations. 
Our colleagues across on the other 
side of the building are certainly fol-
lowing different guidelines than we are 
here. I think it is important to note 
that what the majority is doing here is 
that they are undermining the vaccina-
tion program. They are committing 
public health malpractice by saying, if 
you get the vaccine, it doesn’t work. 
What is the incentive to do this? 
I am going to move on to the next 
topic. I believe we have beat this dead 
horse enough and there is no answer. 
Mr. AGUILAR. The gentleman knows 
I am happy to talk about HIPAA and 
your role with it. 
Mr. FERGUSON. Please. 
Mr. AGUILAR. What I would say is, 
the CDC guidelines, as my colleague 
from Georgia understands, specifically 
mentions workplaces can set their own 
guidelines. We are following workplace 
guidance given by the Office of the At-
tending Physician and the Sergeant at 
Arms. Those are the processes that 
govern this body, whether Democrats 
are in control or Republicans are in 
control. We should be guided by public 
health guidance. That is exactly what 
we are doing here. 
Mr. FERGUSON. Could the gen-
tleman answer one question: Is Presi-
dent Biden wrong? Or is Dr. Monahan 
wrong? 
I yield to the gentleman from Cali-
fornia. 
Mr. AGUILAR. And I appreciate the 
question. Because as the gentleman 
knows, we are a co-equal branch of gov-
ernment here in the Capitol. So I ap-
preciate his love of the executive 
branch of government; I really do. 
However, we are governed by different 
rules. As a co-equal branch of govern-
ment, we should be. 
Mr. FERGUSON. I will say this be-
fore we move on to the next topic. It 
does appear that many of us are gov-
erned by different rules along the way. 
So let’s move on to one final thing. 
As you know, this has been police re-
form week. I was happy to see that 
President Biden set the deadline for 
May 25 to sign a police reform bill. I 
was also extremely happy to see that 
Democrat leadership has dropped its 
request to eliminate qualified immu-
nity. I thought that was a very strong 
statement and very positive. 
As the majority whip said on May 9: 
I know what the perfect bill will be. We 
have proposed that. And I want to see 
good legislation. I know that some-
times you have to compromise. And if 
we don’t get qualified immunity now, 
we can come back and try to get it 
later. But I don’t want to see us throw 
out a good bill because we can’t get a 
perfect bill, good legislative action. 
Now, in order to get this bill done by 
the May 25—that is a fairly short 
timeline. I know that Representative 
PETE STAUBER has a bill ready to go— 
a really good bill—that addresses the 
things in a very bipartisan way that I 
think we would like to see. 
Based on the schedule that you laid 
out, do you anticipate that the major-
ity would take up Mr. STAUBER’s bill so 
that we can meet President Biden’s 
deadline of May 25? 
Mr. AGUILAR. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:13 May 15, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00026
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.034
H14MYPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 25-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H2345 
May 14, 2021 
Mr. FERGUSON. I yield to the gen-
tleman. 
Mr. AGUILAR. I appreciate the ques-
tion, and this is such a timely and im-
portant topic that the country needs to 
address. I am incredibly pleased with 
the bipartisan success that the nego-
tiations have led to, to date. 
As the gentleman knows, those con-
versations continue to be ongoing, but 
the majority believes that those con-
versations are progressing in a way 
that is hopeful toward addressing this 
issue. 
I think both sides realize, and I hope 
the minority realizes, the importance 
of making changes to protect our com-
munities. I know the gentleman is a 
former mayor, as I am as well. So we 
have dealt with a lot of these issues at 
the local level. 
So what I would say is, Senator 
SCOTT, 
Congressman 
STAUBER, 
and 
Congresswoman KAREN BASS have been 
engaged in this discussion. We want to 
give them the latitude and the flexi-
bility to continue those discussions. I 
wouldn’t agree with the characteriza-
tion that the gentleman from Georgia 
made about where the negotiations are, 
but I can tell you that we are com-
mitted to seeing this done. We are com-
mitting to getting this done and put-
ting a bill on the floor that will have 
strong bipartisan support. 
Mr. 
FERGUSON. 
Reclaiming 
my 
time. 
I implore the majority to put Mr. 
STAUBER and Mr. SCOTT’s bill onto the 
floor as soon as possible so that we can 
reach a bipartisan vote and consensus 
on this. 
I just want to make one other obser-
vation here, knowing that it is police 
week. We have got men and women 
around this country—you and I, again, 
both as mayors, had the honor of being 
involved in that, seeing the sacrifice 
that they make, whether it is local po-
lice officers or deputies out patrolling 
our country roads in many parts of my 
district; the men and women of the 
Customs and Border Patrol Agency 
who are down there putting their lives 
on the line every single day to stop the 
grossness of human trafficking and the 
horrors of narcotic trafficking; or look-
ing around this very building that we 
are in right now, looking at the men 
and women who have been here, that 
will continue to be here to serve us and 
protect us. 
What I found very interesting about 
this week is that the silence from the 
majority is deafening. Not bringing a 
resolution to honor our men and 
women in law enforcement says an 
awful lot about how you feel. 
And I will say this: I think the ma-
jority should come back in—and I 
think we would all agree to do this 
next week—to put a resolution on the 
floor to honor the men and women of 
law enforcement, because I can’t imag-
ine which group is not worthy of that. 
I yield to the gentleman. 
Mr. AGUILAR. As the gentleman 
knows, there was a lengthy Special 
Order hour led by our colleague from 
Florida, former police chief herself, 
talking about the importance of these 
issues, the importance of honoring he-
roes, the importance of honoring peo-
ple who put themselves in harm’s way 
each and every day and are behaving 
well. 
What I would ask the gentleman 
from Georgia is, in that similar vein, 
honoring police week, honoring those 
folks who helped us, who looked out for 
us January 6, I hope the gentleman will 
encourage the minority leader to meet 
with Officer Fanone from the Metro-
politan Police Department, who has re-
quested a meeting with the minority 
leader to talk about the events of Jan-
uary 6 and to talk about his experi-
ences, which were so impactful as he 
shared them on national television and 
as he talked about the role that he 
played and the role that his colleagues 
played in protecting this temple of de-
mocracy. 
I hope that the minority leader has 
the time to meet with Officer Fanone. 
I signed a letter to the minority leader 
from my colleagues encouraging him 
to do so, and I hope that the gentleman 
from Georgia reiterates the importance 
to meet with law enforcement heroes. 
b 1130 
Mr. FERGUSON. But, again, I want 
to go back to it, with the morale of the 
officers here in the Capitol as low as it 
is right now, the tremendous stresses 
that they are under, the staffing prob-
lems that they have, wondering wheth-
er or not this entire body at times has 
their back. 
Mr. AGUILAR. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. FERGUSON. No, not yet. I think 
it is important that this body bring a 
resolution to the floor supporting the 
men and women in law enforcement 
around the Nation, but particularly 
right here in this Capitol. I will be the 
first one, along with the rest of my col-
leagues, to support that resolution. 
And, so again, it is very simple. A lot 
of words. And I do appreciate the gen-
tlewoman from Florida (Mrs. DEMINGS), 
for leading the Special Order. She cer-
tainly knows, as a former law enforce-
ment officer and leader of a depart-
ment, how tough that is. But, again, 
the silence here is deafening. 
With that, Madam Speaker, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
f 
DEVASTATING IMPACTS OF 
CLIMATE CHANGE 
(Mr. COSTA asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. COSTA. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to talk about the devastating ef-
fects of climate change in California, 
and obviously throughout the country. 
Following one of the driest years on 
record, the State is facing yet another 
water crisis. This week, Governor 
Newsom declared a drought state of 
emergency for the majority of Cali-
fornia, a declaration which has become, 
sadly, all too common in the last dec-
ade. 
The availability of a clean, reliable 
water supply forms the foundation of 
the economy of not only all of Cali-
fornia, but home to the San Joaquin 
Valley that I proudly represent. Our 
farmers feed the world, and they can’t 
do it without a reliable water supply. 
We like to say, ‘‘Where water flows, 
food grows.’’ 
We must use every tool in the water 
toolbox to find new ways to store water 
for agriculture and deliver water, clean 
drinking water for our communities. 
I have introduced legislation to help 
build on my previous efforts to build 
additional water resiliency by pro-
viding funding needed to repair our 
aging water infrastructure, and now 
this is the year. 
I will continue to push for water re-
sources necessary to help California 
weather the severe impacts of this re-
peated drought. Climate change is real, 
it is happening now. It is time to act. 
Our future depends on it. 
f 
BACK THE BLUE 
(Mr. GOSAR asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute.) 
Mr. GOSAR. Madam Speaker, this 
week is National Police Week. I rise 
today to honor the courageous men and 
women in blue. 
We know that a single week is simply 
not enough to recognize the service and 
sacrifice that police officers and their 
families make. Thank you for your 
dedication and thank you for putting 
your lives on the line in order to make 
our communities safer each and every 
day. 
Unfortunately, our brave law en-
forcement officers have come under at-
tack by the liberal media and leftists 
who dangerously and wrongfully sug-
gest that the answer to all problems is 
to defund the police. This growing 
antipolice rhetoric is disgusting, and it 
threatens the safety and security of 
communities across America. 
Members of our law enforcement 
community regularly face dangerous 
and 
demanding 
circumstances, 
yet 
they possess a willingness to set aside 
their own safety for the sake of others. 
Let me be perfectly clear, I back the 
blue 100 percent. You have our unwav-
ering support and gratitude. Once 
again, during National Police Week, 
thank you for your sacrifices and lead-
ership you provide our communities. 
May we never forget how appreciated 
you are every single day. 
f 
REASONABLE ACCOMMODATIONS 
DURING PREGNANCY 
(Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York asked and was given permis-
sion to address the House for 1 minute 
and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Madam Speaker, I rise in strong 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:13 May 15, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00027
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.035
H14MYPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 26-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H2346 
May 14, 2021 
support of H.R. 1065, the Pregnant 
Workers Fairness Act that just passed 
this House of Representatives. 
Pregnancy 
discrimination 
holds 
working parents back and threatens fi-
nancial stability, with women of color 
being disproportionately harmed by 
the lack of workplace protections. 
It is long past time we ensure that 
every worker is entitled to reasonable 
accommodations to support a healthy 
pregnancy. 
We just celebrated Mother’s Day. 
What if, in addition to flowers one day 
a year, we make sure that during preg-
nancy, workers have fair working con-
ditions and are never in the position of 
risking their safety to continue pro-
viding for themselves and their fami-
lies? 
This bipartisan bill simply requires 
reasonable accommodations for preg-
nant workers, like adequate breaks, 
and protects them from discrimination 
that can drive them from the work-
place. No pregnant worker should have 
to choose between their and their 
baby’s health or their job. 
f 
FOLLOW THE SCIENCE 
(Mr. MURPHY of North Carolina 
asked and was given permission to ad-
dress the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. MURPHY of North Carolina. 
Madam Speaker, as we all know, the 
CDC finally altered the mask mandates 
to reflect the science that we have 
known for months. People who are vac-
cinated do not need to wear masks in-
doors, outdoors in most settings. Fol-
low the science. 
As a physician of 30 years, I believe 
that people should get vaccinated, but 
at the end of the day it is a personal 
choice and a decision that should be 
made between patient and doctor, not 
person and Speaker. 
At this point practically everyone 
has had the opportunity to get vac-
cinated if they want it. The infinite 
majority of the at-risk population in 
the United States has been vaccinated. 
I have been vaccinated for months now, 
but when I get done with this speech, I 
have to put my mask back on despite 
what the science says because the 
Speaker mandates it. That is not the 
doctor-patient relationship. 
Back in North Carolina, my constitu-
ents will still be required to wear a 
mask in grocery stores because Gov-
ernor Cooper mandates it. Again, not 
the doctor-patient relationship. 
So much for following the science. 
f 
THE CLIMATE CRISIS ISN’T JUST 
ABOUT WEATHER 
(Mr. CASTEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute.) 
Mr. 
CASTEN. 
Madam 
Speaker, 
wildfires, flooding, and superstorms are 
the most tangible signs of a warming 
planet, but the climate crisis is not 
just about weather. It is about wealth. 
A recent study by Swiss Re found 
that if we remain on our current tra-
jectory, global GDP will fall by 18 per-
cent by 2050. Investors understand this. 
They care about climate change be-
cause it is in their economic self-inter-
est. 
As BlackRock CEO Larry Fink said, 
‘‘Climate risk is investment risk.’’ 
Main Street investors have put $37 tril-
lion, roughly one-third of all assets 
under management, into climate-fo-
cused ESG investments. 
Unfortunately, our regulation has 
not kept up with that demand. There is 
no consistent definition of how to 
quantify a firm’s contribution to, or 
protection from, a warming globe. Left 
to choose from a menu of methodolo-
gies, companies often just pick what is 
most favorable to them. 
We don’t allow companies to pick 
their own financial accounting stand-
ards. Investors are asking us to provide 
the same consistency for their climate 
accounting. That is why I introduced 
the Climate Risk Disclosure Act, which 
directs the SEC to create consistent 
mandatory climate reporting standards 
for all public companies. 
This will allow companies to compete 
for capital on a level playing field, pro-
viding investors with the certainty 
they need to hedge their financial risk. 
Yesterday my bill passed committee 
and will now come to the floor. 
The right time to safeguard our fi-
nancial system against climate change 
was decades ago, but our last chance is 
now. 
f 
CHRIST LUTHERAN CHURCH 
CELEBRATES 150 YEARS 
(Mr. FORTENBERRY asked and was 
given permission to address the House 
for 1 minute and to revise and extend 
his remarks.) 
Mr. FORTENBERRY. Madam Speak-
er, I wish to congratulate Pastor Mike 
Moreno and the entire congregation of 
Christ Lutheran Church in Norfolk, Ne-
braska, on their 150th anniversary. 
With a shared mission to share God’s 
word, share God’s love, and as they say, 
‘‘Do it now,’’ the community of Christ 
Lutheran Church is a family. As one 
member 
of 
the 
congregation 
said, 
‘‘When one is hurting, all are hurting. 
When one is joyful, we celebrate to-
gether.’’ How beautiful. 
The church also oversees Christ Lu-
theran School, educating 225 students 
in grades K–8, in an environment that 
develops a child spiritually, emotion-
ally, physically, socially to know the 
personal story and potentiality of each 
student. 
Though we have many hardships and 
challenges in the world today, Madam 
Speaker, I am quite certain that Christ 
Lutheran Church and their community 
will remain a place of solace and hope 
for those seeking to hear good news. 
f 
MOURNING THE LOSS OF MARY 
BISHOP 
(Ms. CLARKE of New York asked and 
was given permission to address the 
House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. CLARKE of New York. Madam 
Speaker, I rise today with profound 
sadness to mourn the loss and cele-
brate the life of Ms. Mary Bishop, di-
rector of constituent services for the 
Ninth District of New York and my 
dear friend. 
Mary has been with our office and me 
for more than 15 years. She was ex-
traordinary and compassionate, with a 
heart of gold. She embodied what it 
meant to be an advocate for the people, 
and her passing has been felt across our 
district. 
On a personal note, I will dearly miss 
Mary. We celebrated together, laughed 
together, and shared a passion for the 
people of the Ninth District together. 
Mary Bishop worked hard, played hard, 
and was a God-fearing Caribbean Amer-
ican woman who loved her family im-
mensely. 
On behalf of the people of the Ninth 
District and the Clarke family, I want 
to extend my thoughts and prayers to 
the family, loved ones, friends who 
were touched by the life and legacy of 
the incomparable Mary Bishop. 
In closing, when I think of Mary, I 
am reminded of Mahalia Jackson’s ‘‘If 
I Can Help Somebody.’’ 
If I can help somebody as I travel along, 
If I can help someone with a word or a song, 
If I can help somebody from doing wrong, 
Then my living shall not be in vain. 
My dear friend Mary, your living was 
not in vain. You will be dearly missed. 
f 
WE MUST STAND WITH ISRAEL 
(Mr. ALLEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. ALLEN. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to express my strong support for 
our vital ally, Israel. The recent rocket 
attacks launched by Hamas terrorists 
against innocent Israelis must be un-
equivocally condemned, and our sup-
port for Israel’s right to defend herself 
must be crystal clear. 
Between 
President 
Biden’s 
weak 
leadership and anti-Semitic comments 
made by Members of this very body, 
terrorist organizations like Hamas feel 
that they can get away with attacking 
our ally. They have emboldened them. 
The world is watching, and there is 
no room for silence or appeasement of 
terrorists. Congress and the Biden ad-
ministration must immediately reaf-
firm America’s longstanding commit-
ment to Israel and offer any and all 
support. 
Mr. President, wake up. There is only 
one democracy in the Middle East, and 
we must stand with Israel. 
f 
NOT A TYPICAL TOURIST DAY 
(Mr. COHEN asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 
minute.) 
Mr. COHEN. I remind the House that 
we were under attack on January 6. 
Earlier this week a freshman Repub-
lican said that January 6 could have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:07 May 15, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00028
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.038
H14MYPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 27-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H2347 
May 14, 2021 
been seen as just a typical tourist day 
in the Capitol. 
Well, let me tell that gentleman that 
on typical tourist days in the Capitol, 
100 policemen aren’t beaten by people 
who try to enter the Capitol when it is 
closed to public attendance because of 
the coronavirus. 
On typical tourist days, people don’t 
put excrement on the walls of the Cap-
itol of the United States. 
On typical tourist days, people don’t 
urinate on the floors of the Capitol of 
the United States. 
On typical days, people don’t batter 
down the windows on the outside to 
breach the Capitol. 
On typical days, people don’t batter 
down the doors and the glass entering 
the Speaker’s lobby, resulting in one 
person’s death. And if that person 
wasn’t dead, they would have breached 
the floor of the House and God knows 
what they would have done if they 
could have found a person in the House. 
They were hollering, ‘‘Hang Mike 
Pence,’’ ‘‘NANCY
PELOSI, where are 
you? We are here.’’ That was an insur-
rection. That was an attack on our 
Constitution. It should never be forgot-
ten by anybody who was serving in the 
Congress, by any American because our 
liberty, our Constitution, our country, 
our values were on the line. 
f 
b 1145 
HONORING LAW ENFORCEMENT 
OFFICERS 
(Ms. VAN DUYNE asked and was 
given permission to address the House 
for 1 minute and to revise and extend 
her remarks.) 
Ms. VAN DUYNE. Madam Speaker, I 
rise today to honor and recognize our 
men and women in uniform who dedi-
cate their lives to keeping commu-
nities across our Nation safe. 
This past year was the deadliest year 
for police officers in decades; 264 law 
enforcement officers died in the line of 
duty. 
As mayor or Irving, I was a proud ad-
vocate of our local police department. 
And as the Representative of the 24th 
District in Texas, I will continue to 
stand with our law enforcement. 
Rather than defunding and devaluing 
those in uniform, I know from experi-
ence that community policing works 
and community policing only exists 
with the support of our officers, higher 
retention, and improved recruitment. 
I thank our police officers, first re-
sponders, and their families. Getting 
up every morning and putting on the 
badge is a level of courage few will ever 
understand. 
We join you in respecting, honoring, 
and remembering your fallen brothers 
and sisters in blue. 
f 
HONORING OFFICERS WHO MADE 
ULTIMATE SACRIFICE 
(Ms. STEVENS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend her re-
marks.) 
Ms. STEVENS. Madam Speaker, this 
week honors law enforcement officers 
who have made the ultimate sacrifice 
in service to their communities, and it 
also recognizes the incredible contribu-
tions, hard work, dedication, and loy-
alty of our law enforcement officers. 
I rise to recognize the nine law en-
forcement officers who lost their lives 
last year while serving Michigan: Ste-
phen Splan, of Bloomfield Hills, Michi-
gan; Jonathan Parnell, of Wayne Coun-
ty; Waldis Johnson, of Wayne County; 
William Darnell, of DeWitt Township; 
Caleb Starr, of the Michigan State Po-
lice; our beloved Benny Napoleon, of 
Wayne 
County; 
Bryant 
Searcy, 
of 
Wayne County; Dean Savard, of Wayne 
County; and Donafay Collins, of Wayne 
County. 
We also remember our beloved Collin 
Rose, who lost his life in 2016 to gun vi-
olence while serving at Wayne State. 
Our community rose up to support his 
family. We honor his contributions. 
My friend, Eddie Osmond, the owner 
of a Marathon gas station, used pennies 
on the dollar as people were pumping 
their gas to raise $10,000 for this man’s 
family. 
That is part of what we are here to 
recognize, the contributions of our law 
enforcement officers. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NATIONAL PEACE 
OFFICERS MEMORIAL DAY 
(Mr. NEHLS asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 
minute.) 
Mr. NEHLS. Madam Speaker, tomor-
row, May 15, is National Peace Officers 
Memorial Day, a day to honor and re-
member the more than 22,000 brave law 
enforcement officers who made the ul-
timate sacrifice in the line of duty. 
Having served in law enforcement for 
30 years, I am proud to see so many of 
my colleagues recognizing the sacrifice 
of these brave officers this week. They 
certainly deserve it. 
But truly honoring their sacrifice 
means doing so every day, not just on 
May 15 and not just this week. That 
means giving law enforcement the 
tools necessary to keep our commu-
nities safe, pushing back against any 
and all attempts to demonize and di-
minish their service, and doing every-
thing we can to reduce the attacks 
against law enforcement. 
Now more than ever, law enforce-
ment across our country needs true 
Americans to boldly stand with them. 
That is what I am proud to do here 
today. And I ask every one of my col-
leagues and the American people to do 
so, as well. 
f 
RECEIVING CHILD TAX CREDIT 
PAYMENTS 
(Ms. DELAURO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend her re-
marks.) 
Ms. DELAURO. Madam Speaker, this 
week was designated as the Child Tax 
Credit Week of Action. The outpouring 
of stories and news articles coming 
from across the country describing just 
how transformational this assistance 
will be for families is heartwarming. 
I am so proud that in the American 
Rescue Plan we fought for and won the 
expansion and improvement of the 
child tax credit. Its inclusion was his-
toric but just a first step. We must 
make this expansion permanent. 
The child tax credit is a lifeline to 
the middle class, cuts child poverty by 
55 percent this year, and provides chil-
dren and their families with additional 
payments throughout the year that 
help them with the costs of food, 
childcare, diapers, healthcare, cloth-
ing, and taxes. Poor, working, and mid-
dle-class families—90 percent of our 
children—will receive the same month-
ly benefits. 
We must spread the word about the 
benefits of the child tax credit, how 
families can start to receive that 
monthly check starting in July. If peo-
ple have filed a tax return, they are all 
set. If they have not filed their tax re-
turn, and their family is eligible for 
the tax credit, they must file by May 
17. Even if they typically do not file, 
this ensures that they will receive a 
monthly benefit. 
Let’s get the word out. Let’s get peo-
ple signed up. 
f 
ESCALATING ATTACKS ON ISRAEL 
(Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. LAMALFA. Madam Speaker, I 
rise today with deep concern over the 
escalating attacks on the Israeli people 
by 
Palestinian 
terror 
groups 
like 
Hamas. 
After a period of relative stability in 
the region, these attacks threaten to 
create an all-out war that will endan-
ger millions. This is an avoidable out-
come born of inattention and incom-
petence. 
It is no coincidence that this violence 
has erupted as the Biden administra-
tion has pivoted away from the Middle 
East. The leadership vacuum created 
by this absence can only allow radical 
elements who would harm us and our 
allies. It is maddening to see the 
progress made under the Trump admin-
istration toward stabilizing the Middle 
East undone. 
It was less than a year ago that the 
Abraham Accords, perhaps the most 
significant move toward peace in the 
region in over a decade or longer, were 
signed. We cannot let these gains be 
wasted. 
The American people stand firmly 
behind the people of Israel. They have 
every right to defend themselves. Their 
existence depends on it. 
The Biden administration must aban-
don its retreat and reengage on the 
previous successful peace process in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:13 May 15, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00029
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.040
H14MYPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 28-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H2348 
May 14, 2021 
Middle East. We cannot abandon our 
strong ally in Israel by our indifference 
or inaction, especially when they need 
us most. 
f 
PROTECTING ISRAEL IS DUTY OF 
UNITED STATES 
(Mr. CAWTHORN asked and was 
given permission to address the House 
for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CAWTHORN. Madam Speaker, 
the deadly conflict plaguing Israel be-
comes worse and worse each day. 
Since Monday, the vile and des-
picable terrorist organization Hamas 
has launched over 1,000 rockets from 
Gaza into Israeli population centers. 
The fact that Members of this body 
are speaking out in support of these 
terrorists leaves me sickened. The dif-
ferences between these two sides are 
shocking. There is no debate that if 
Israel were to lay down their arms en-
tirely, there would be a genocide. But 
if Hamas were to lay down their arms, 
there would be nothing but peace. 
The fact that Representatives here in 
this Chamber would side with violent 
extremists is mind-boggling. I encour-
age these Members to go to Gaza, see 
how they murder members of the 
LGBTQ community, see how they 
marginalize and abuse women, how 
they treat those of different faiths. 
Let me be clear: There is no moral 
equivalency between these two sides. It 
is our duty to protect Israel, and if 
anyone is to ever invade Israel, I prom-
ise you that there is no crevice on 
Earth that will conceal you from the 
wrath of God. 
I would also be remiss to not recog-
nize that some Members of this body in 
the majority party have spoken out 
against Hamas, and for that, I thank 
you. 
f 
HONORING POLICE OFFICERS 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to address the House 
for 1 minute and to revise and extend 
her remarks.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, 
it is good to be an American because as 
I stand here today during National Po-
lice Week, I can truly say that across 
America, we honor the police officer 
who holds a child’s hand. We honor the 
police officer who comes to an emer-
gency situation. 
I honor the police officers who, 
throughout the COVID–19 pandemic, 
were on the front lines without testing 
or vaccination, helping many others. I 
know, Madam Speaker, because they 
helped me. They helped me with my 
testing sites. Now, they help me with 
my vaccination sites. 
I want to remind them they will be 
helping me tomorrow, and that is Sat-
urday the 15th, when we are at Key 
Middle 
School 
and 
Heights 
High 
School, vaccinating children 12 to 15 
years old with the Pfizer vaccination, 
from 2 to 5 at Key Middle School and 10 
to 1 at Heights High School. 
We mourn those who have lost their 
lives in the line of duty. That is be-
cause we are Americans, and we stand 
united in that effort. There can be no 
divide. We know who we believe in and 
what we believe in. We thank them so 
very much, and we also believe in the 
liberties of all people. 
f 
ISSUES OF THE DAY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. WIL-
LIAMS of Georgia). Under the Speaker’s 
announced policy of January 4, 2021, 
the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOH-
MERT) is recognized for 60 minutes as 
the designee of the minority leader. 
Mr. GOHMERT. Madam Speaker, it 
has been interesting. I get to take my 
mask off under the rules now. 
We haven’t quite caught up with the 
science here in the House. The House of 
Representatives that has leadership 
proclaiming that we need to follow the 
science refuses to do so, so far. But we 
are hoping we will eventually get at 
least the majority of people here to fol-
low the science. 
It has been an interesting time, not a 
good time, not a wonderful, enriching 
time to be in the House of Representa-
tives. It has been an exceedingly frus-
trating time. 
After January 6, apparently, the 
number one goal here in the House was 
something referred to as optics. Ac-
cording to the Sergeant at Arms, the 
reason the National Guard was not 
brought up in advance on January 6, so 
there would be no one entering the 
Capitol that was not desired to enter 
the Capitol, was that word, ‘‘optics.’’ 
So, the Capitol Police, doing the best 
they could, were left to fend for them-
selves without the support they need-
ed. It is a big place. But had the num-
ber one concern before January 6 by 
people here in Washington, at the Cap-
itol, at least, if that number one con-
cern had not been optics, there would 
have been no one coming into the Cap-
itol that we didn’t want to be in the 
Capitol. 
Since then, we have been entertained 
by all kinds of false statements, false 
allegations. It has really been amazing. 
The number one thing we keep coming 
back to is, apparently, it is not about 
getting at the truth. It is all about op-
tics. 
The top person charged with the safe-
ty of Members of Congress, the head of 
the Capitol Police, months ago indi-
cated that there was no intel from any 
source that any Member of Congress 
was at risk or a threat to any other 
Member of Congress. No Member of 
Congress was at risk from another 
Member of Congress. 
Since then, as I understand it, there 
was an ethics charge leveled at MAR-
JORIE TAYLOR GREENE that she was en-
couraging a debate with another Mem-
ber of Congress and somehow that is 
apparently an ethics violation. 
I had a Democrat some years back 
come up and threaten to kick my but-
tocks. I think he used other language. 
But had he swung, I might have filed a 
complaint. 
Here on the House floor, what we 
have are words. We get into very heat-
ed debates at times because we care 
deeply about the things we care deeply 
about. But those are not assaults. 
There have been assaults in the Cap-
itol, and I know memory is apparently 
a big question these days, but when the 
President of the United States stands 
right up here at the second level, as 
Presidents have since this opened be-
fore 1860, and have made speeches—in 
this case, it wasn’t to a joint session; it 
was to an invitation-only session—but 
he indicated that what happened on 
January 6 was the worst attack on de-
mocracy since the Civil War. 
b 1200 
So being an ongoing student of his-
tory since Coach Sam Parker instilled 
a love in me for history, especially 
American history—the good, the bad, 
the ugly, the incredible—I have contin-
ued to be a student of American his-
tory, and World history as well. 
So sometimes it is helpful for those 
who don’t know our history or can’t re-
member our history to be reminded 
that since the Civil War put an end to 
slavery in America, even though it 
took an ordained Christian preacher 
resolutely, peacefully advocating for 
civil rights, and that the Constitution 
should be used as a document that 
means what it says. 
And as the Declaration of Independ-
ence made clear, we are endowed not 
by government, but by our creator with 
certain unalienable rights. 
And Dr. King’s letters from the Bir-
mingham jail, as he was unjustly incar-
cerated, pretty powerful words from a 
man full of vision. We miss his vision. 
I think things would be very different 
if he were still alive today. The assas-
sin did great damage to the United 
States of America, and the benefits 
that we would have had from a vision-
ary still if he were alive today. 
Because there are some who say if 
you even use words to debate, that 
somehow you are an insurrectionists, 
you need to be jailed. And that has 
been happening since January 6. In 
fact, January 6 of 2017, I believe there 
were 11 different Democrats that stood 
up and forcefully objected to the re-
sults and to the electors that were vot-
ing for President Trump. 
And there was not a single Repub-
lican I ever heard on our side of the 
aisle that accused them of trying to 
overthrow the government, insurrec-
tion—all these things that some of us 
have been accused of—simply wanting 
a fair election in which the votes of 
tens of millions of Americans were not 
disenfranchised. The very same thing 
even our current Speaker has said back 
in prior days about prior elections. 
So imagine the shock for those of us 
who, for the last 20 years, had been 
preached to by people on the other side 
of the aisle about the unfairness of 
election, the vulnerability of electronic 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:13 May 15, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00030
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.042
H14MYPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 29-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H2349 
May 14, 2021 
elections, who seemed disgusted that 
some of us had the same kind of objec-
tions as they had about the election in 
November. 
There is nothing illegal, improper, 
against the House rules of objecting, 
yet we had people on the other side of 
the aisle who were encouraging all 
kinds of punishment for those on this 
side of the aisle who did exactly what 
Democrats have been doing for 20 years 
or so—objecting, as they did January 
2001. And we saw objection January 6 of 
2005. 
And these ‘‘woke’’ corporations that 
now want to punish anybody that ob-
jected to potentially—and there is evi-
dence of fraud in the November 2020 
election—and those who say there was 
no fraud in the election are either 
doing so knowingly, knowing that it is 
false what they are saying, or just be-
cause they bought in to what the main-
stream/lame-stream 
media 
has 
re-
ported. But there was fraud in that 
election. There usually is some fraud in 
national elections. 
And in States where it was somewhat 
close compared to the number of people 
voting, like Arizona, they are doing the 
right thing. They are trying to have an 
audit. And, obviously, the efforts of the 
audit is being covered up. There is evi-
dence being destroyed. I guess a bit 
like when you have a Secretary of 
State that destroys evidence that she 
has, that has been sought, has it de-
stroyed 
with 
a 
hammer 
or 
with 
BleachBit, obstruction of justice. 
But, fortunately, for some, we had a 
Justice Department that saw crimes 
committed by Democrats that did not 
need to be pursued or punished, and 
things that were not crimes that Re-
publicans did needed to be punished. 
People all across America are natu-
rally going to be upset when they don’t 
just perceive, they see and know that 
there is a two-tiered justice system— 
one for certain high-place Democrats 
and one for Republicans, or those who 
support Republicans. And Heaven help 
them if they support President Donald 
Trump. 
That is what has been so amazing to 
someone like me, who has been part of 
the justice system and seeing the law 
enforced for so much of my adult life. 
It is unbelievable. And hearing from 
FBI agents around the country who re-
peatedly said, if anybody in our office, 
in this location, that location, dif-
ferent locations around the country 
had done a fraction of the things that 
were done by top FBI officials in Wash-
ington, D.C., then we would not only 
have been fired, but they would have 
been looking at coming after us with 
criminal charges. And they were de-
spondent because they were devoting 
their lives to justice. 
Republican and Democrat prosecu-
tors in different parts of the country 
couldn’t believe what they were seeing. 
The injustice coming from what was 
supposed to be the Justice Department. 
And what has happened since January 6 
is quite sickening. It is a war. It is an 
assault on our Constitution. 
Now, it is not new. Back when 
Mueller was head of the FBI, and the 
inspector general shocked everyone 
who was paying attention, that there 
had been over 3,000 abuses of the na-
tional security letter where FBI agents 
had just wanted to do fishing expedi-
tions—no crime, no probable cause. 
They just wanted information about 
people when the Constitution did not 
permit it. 
So they send a national security let-
ter demanding that a bank accompany 
an individual, give them all the infor-
mation on another American, just be-
cause they wanted it. Outrageous. And 
that, we know, occurred during Presi-
dent George W. Bush’s administration, 
while Mueller was FBI Director. 
Now, he made a statement: Gee, I 
will take all the blame. 
Well, he should because he created an 
environment at the FBI that appar-
ently encouraged lawlessness by top 
FBI agents. And if you look at Ted Ste-
vens, Senator from Alaska, who was 
framed by the FBI, and you look at 
what Director Mueller did in the after-
math of finding out if he did not know 
all the time before that while it was 
going on, that Ted Stevens was framed, 
that he was not guilty of what was 
charged. 
And the FBI had evidence that he 
was not guilty, and they covered that 
up and they helped create evidence to 
make it look like he was guilty. And 
they saw that he was tried right before 
his election. And the loss seemed like 
it was between 1,000–2,000 votes. He lost 
his seat. 
The FBI did that. Mueller’s FBI did 
that. And when one FBI agent with a 
conscience pointed that out in an affi-
davit, the injustice that had occurred 
by the FBI and his supervisor, well, 
Mueller’s reward for that FBI’s agency 
was to drive him out of the FBI. And 
his reward for the person that—accord-
ing to the affidavit, helped frame Ted 
Stevens—was that that FBI agent was 
promoted, got a better job with the 
FBI. 
Apparently, Mueller likes people who 
are quite good at framing somebody 
and getting them convicted, because 
that is what happened. 
That should have been all the wake- 
up call we needed to have a house-
cleaning at the top of the FBI, but that 
didn’t happen. So the abuses got worse 
during the Obama administration, and 
you had things like fast and furious, 
where people actually encouraged the 
sale and distribution of weapons to 
drug cartels. And no one, even to this 
day, has ever been held accountable for 
that. 
In fact, there was a cover-up by the 
Justice 
Department 
then. 
They 
wouldn’t let us have the documents so 
we could see exactly what happened. In 
fact, Congress was so inane in its effort 
to obtain those documents, that the 
best job—both on fast and furious and 
on the Benghazi cover-up—was done by 
Judicial Watch. They got more docu-
mentation out of the Justice Depart-
ment than Congress did, and we are 
charged with oversight. 
Even when the Republicans had the 
majority, people were put in place who 
did not pursue justice and a cleanup of 
the Justice Department. So by the 
time President Trump came along, he 
had a number of people at the top who 
created the Russia hoax—a fraud. 
And as others have said, when the 
Justice Department and the FBI can 
work as effectively at trying to frame 
the President of the United States, who 
happens to be a billionaire, then most 
of us would be in severe trouble. And 
that is the case, and we have seen it in 
the last few years. 
We have seen a Justice Department— 
of course, Christopher Wray—my hum-
ble opinion—when he was put in there 
with a job of cleaning up the FBI, his 
idea of cleaning up the FBI was to 
sweep as much of the dirt under the 
rug so that people couldn’t see it. 
Just like now, Homeland Security 
and Health and Human Services, their 
job is not to just secure the border 
under this administration. Their job is 
to now get them away from the border 
as quickly as possible so that people 
don’t see them. They are not in the 
news every night because they have 
moved them out. 
As the border patrolmen have said, 
they are looked upon as the Mexican 
drug cartels’ logistics. The drug cartels 
get paid money or agreements to pay 
money from people they bring, includ-
ing unaccompanied minors; and then 
the U.S. Government is their logistics 
because the government ships future 
drug sailors, traffickers, human traf-
fickers, sex traffickers. Our U.S. Gov-
ernment ships them around the United 
States so that they can get to the town 
the drug cartels want them doing their 
drug trafficking, human trafficking or 
sex trafficking. 
b 1215 
The government has become a part of 
the process for the drug cartels, all to 
the damage and often the death of 
American citizens. 
When Pancho Villa and his minions 
invaded, I believe it was New Mexico, 
John Pershing, General Pershing, was 
sent down. He had a lieutenant named 
Patton. They were sent down to Mex-
ico, even invade Mexico, going after 
Pancho Villa and his troops because 
there were some families who they 
killed in New Mexico. 
We have thousands of people dying 
from fentanyl coming from Mexico, 
and the answer of this administration, 
we heard in the last couple of days, the 
administration is going to add 13 miles 
to the wall but otherwise leave over 
1,000 miles without wall. 
The answer has not been to secure 
the border. The answer from this ad-
ministration has been to say that the 
border is secure, when anybody with 
eyes to see or ears to hear knows that 
is not true. 
The injustices that have occurred 
since January 6 appear to be a continu-
ation of the goal of that one word, ‘‘op-
tics,’’ the one word that prevented our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:13 May 15, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00031
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.044
H14MYPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 30-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H2350 
May 14, 2021 
leadership from having the National 
Guard on hand to ensure that the Cap-
itol was not invaded. 
We heard in the Judiciary Com-
mittee—that is why I had videotape, 
which we are not allowed to have here 
on the House floor, obviously, but had 
the videotape of John Sullivan, a 
Trump-hater, who has been supportive 
of groups that wanted Trump pulled 
out of office, or as Mr. Sullivan—and I 
will paraphrase—wanted to yank him 
out of the White House and do things 
to him. But he was one of the first ones 
in the Capitol. He is on video. He was 
bragging: See, I told you we would be 
able to do this, getting into the Cap-
itol. He was there egging on people, 
even at the shooting of the young lady 
who was shot by a Capitol policeman. 
Many of us would like to know the 
full circumstances of so much that 
went on here, but the thousands of 
hours of tape are not being used. Now, 
some of us had heard that the wonder-
ful Capitol policeman, Office Sicknick, 
that he had died of natural causes. Yet, 
it was all over the media that he was 
beaten with a fire extinguisher. It 
turned out that was completely false. 
There is an article about that by Julie 
Kelly in American Greatness, April 26. 
Her article pointed out there is no 
reason to keep these men in jail, let 
alone in solitary confinement in a D.C. 
prison. The cause of Capitol Officer 
Sicknick’s untimely death on January 
7 is finally settled, but the prosecution 
of his alleged attackers rages on. After 
months of dishonest accounts about 
what happened to Officer Sicknick— 
first, that he was bludgeoned to death 
by insurrectionists with a fire extin-
guisher, and then that he died of an al-
lergic reaction to bear spray. 
The D.C. medical examiner’s office 
confirmed 
that 
42-year-old 
Officer 
Sicknick died of a stroke. The chem-
ical sprayed in his direction during the 
chaos outside the Capitol on January 6 
did not contribute to his death. 
In its haste to bolster the new nar-
rative, 
maintaining 
Sicknick 
was 
killed by rioters wielding bear spray, 
the Acting Attorney General was in on 
the lie from the start. The Justice De-
partment charged two men with the 
chemical attack. George Tanios and 
Julian Khater were arrested March 14 
and charged with several crimes, in-
cluding four counts related to posses-
sion and use of a deadly or dangerous 
weapon and for conspiring ahead of 
time to use the spray against the offi-
cers. They have been behind bars ever 
since. 
Both were transported to the Na-
tion’s Capital, where they joined doz-
ens of January 6 detainees held in soli-
tary confinement in a D.C. Jail. A 
judge on Tuesday, this was dated April 
26, will consider motions filed by their 
attorneys to release both defendants as 
they await trial. 
This says, as I have reported: For the 
past few months, Federal courts, at the 
direction of Joe Biden’s Justice De-
partment, are denying bond to non-
violent protestors as their cases con-
tinue a slow slog through an inten-
tionally overloaded D.C. judicial sys-
tem. The presumption of innocence has 
been suspended for Trump supporters 
involved in the January 6 protest, 
largely based on a supposed thought 
crime of doubting the legitimacy of the 
2020 election. 
Parenthetically, if that were a crime, 
there would be Democrats who would 
have been arrested and gone to jail 
going back to January 2001, when an 
objection was made to electors. There 
were no woke corporations back then 
saying they would no longer do busi-
ness with those Democrats, nor did 
they do that after the Democrat objec-
tions on January 6, 2005, or after the 
significant number of objections on 
January 6, 2017. 
Now, all of a sudden, it is supposed to 
be a crime, a heinous act, to object 
under the rules in the Constitution? 
Things have to turn around here if we 
are going to save this little experiment 
in self-government. 
Anyway, dangerous evidence, the ar-
ticle questions, law enforcement offi-
cials have argued in court pleadings 
that defendants shouldn’t have unfet-
tered access to tens of thousands of 
hours of video evidence because they 
might pass along the information to 
those who wish to attack the Capitol 
again. 
Instead, according to a recent Polit-
ico article, prosecutors are ‘‘working 
to build an archive of video that would 
permit defendants to peruse relevant 
clips but sharply restrict their access 
and permit prosecutors a chance to ob-
ject if they feel such footage could be 
misused or present a risk.’’ 
Now, that sounds a great deal like 
what the prosecutors and the FBI were 
saying about Ted Stevens and their 
evidence, that they restricted him hav-
ing access to his own evidence that 
would have proved his innocence had 
he been allowed all the evidence that 
was seized from his home and other 
places. 
Anyway, toward the end of the arti-
cle, it says: 
‘‘Khater’s family is asking the court 
to release him on a $15 million bond 
guaranteed by 16 family members. As 
one journalist noted, that amount is 
three 
times 
higher 
than 
Harvey 
Weinstein’s bail. 
‘‘Judge Thomas Hogan will hear the 
case on Tuesday and then decide 
whether to keep Khater and Tanios be-
hind bars until their next court date or 
confine the pair to home detention. 
‘‘There is no reason to keep these 
men in jail, let alone in solitary con-
finement in a D.C. prison. Cherry- 
picked video evidence does not support 
the weapon charges against them. The 
chief investigator confessed no evi-
dence exists to prove that the can of 
spray ever was used or that Khater 
sprayed it at anyone, including police 
officers. The Justice Department’s re-
fusal to allow access to the video evi-
dence raises plenty of red flags. 
‘‘Neither man has a criminal record. 
George Tanios and Julian Khater pose 
no threat to society. Their only crime, 
as is the case with hundreds of non-
violent Capitol protestors, was sup-
porting Donald Trump and daring to 
question the validity of the 2020 Presi-
dential election, a doubt shared by tens 
of millions of Americans.’’ 
So we have Federal judges that are 
playing along with this whole out-
rageous miscarriage of justice for hun-
dreds of Americans who were con-
cerned, as Democrats were in 2001, 2005, 
2017. But fortunately for them, Repub-
licans didn’t try to create a Federal 
crime out of questioning election re-
sults. 
Julie Kelly has done extraordinary 
research on what has occurred since 
January 6 and on January 6. Some 
points that she has found: 
On April 28, 2021, Paul Hopper heard a 
ruckus in his house. He was in his bedroom 
answering emails. Clad in his pajamas, he 
went downstairs to see what was happening. 
He was confronted by at least a dozen FBI 
agents, some pointing guns at him and his 
wife, Marilyn. The couple, along with their 
houseguests, including a teenager, were 
handcuffed. 
Now, where is the outrage that we 
have been hearing in the Judiciary 
Committee about young people being 
unfairly treated? Where is the outrage 
about the treatment of people since 
January 6 by any Democrats? Even our 
Vice President was raising money to 
pay their bail in places where there 
was not just looting but there was 
burning, physical assaults, and, like in 
Missouri, even death of innocent peo-
ple. 
The Hoopers were placed in separate 
rooms in their home in Alaska, with-
out legal counsel, without the chance 
to inspect a warrant. Paul and Marilyn 
were interrogated for hours about their 
trip to Washington, D.C., in January. 
They 
attended 
President 
Trump’s 
speech and walked down to the Capitol. 
They committed no crime. They did 
not even enter the building. 
They did what tens of thousands of 
Americans did on January 6. They 
traveled to their Nation’s Capital, just 
like all the leftists did that did such 
damage, and tried to physically assault 
some of us here in the Capitol last 
year. 
Yet, not only were they not punished, 
those of us who were being threatened 
and people running after us, we were 
not protected at all. But Paul and 
Marilyn, as they were so unfairly and 
unjustly treated by the FBI and the 
Department 
of 
Justice, 
the 
FBI 
claimed they were looking for NANCY 
PELOSI’s stolen laptop. 
They said Marilyn looked like a 
woman in the Capitol who was a sus-
pect, but the photos—that anybody 
could clearly see—the photos that the 
FBI finally presented, eventually, it 
was clear, that wasn’t Marilyn, and 
that wasn’t Paul. They didn’t take the 
laptop. Yet, their freedom was taken 
from them to teach a lesson. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:13 May 15, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00032
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.046
H14MYPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 31-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H2351 
May 14, 2021 
b 1230 
Nonetheless, agents threatened both 
Paul and Marilyn Heupers, the teen-
ager that was there. They threatened 
them with legal recourse. They ran-
sacked their home, and they took their 
cell phones and their computers. They 
even took a copy of the Declaration of 
Independence. I wish they would read it 
and understand it. 
The Huepers have not been charged 
with any crime, but more than 400 
Americans have been charged with var-
ious offenses relating to January 6, but 
most face nonviolent trespassing and 
disorderly conduct charges. 
Just yesterday, the Justice Depart-
ment announced the arrest of an Ac-
tive Duty United States Marine sta-
tioned at Quantico for his involvement 
in the protests that day. 
Joe Biden’s Justice Department is 
criminalizing 
political 
protest—but 
only political protest by Republicans 
or conservatives. They are destroying 
the lives of American families. They 
are weaponizing the events of January 
6 to silence Trump-supporting Ameri-
cans. 
You don’t have to take our word for 
it. Michael Sherwin, the acting U.S. 
Attorney who handled the first few 
months of the Capitol breach probe, 
bragged that his office arrested at least 
100 people between January 6 and Janu-
ary 20 to stop people from coming to 
D.C. to protest Joe Biden’s inaugura-
tion. 
‘‘I wanted to make sure there was 
shock and awe, that we could charge as 
many people as possible before the 
20th, and it worked because we saw 
through media posts that people were 
afraid to come back to D.C. because if 
we go there, we are going to get 
charged.’’ 
That is only part of what is hap-
pening. Dozens of Americans have been 
hauled out of their homes, transported 
to Washington, D.C. and held in soli-
tary confinement for months awaiting 
delayed trials with no end in sight. 
Nearly all have no criminal record. 
Some are veterans and ex-law enforce-
ment officers. But the Justice Depart-
ment is throwing the book at them. 
Even worse, Federal judges and pros-
ecutors argue that these folks are a 
danger to society because they doubt 
the outcome of the 2020 Presidential 
election. 
In one case against a man who didn’t 
even enter the building, a Federal 
judge nonetheless denied bond and said 
this: 
‘‘This is an offense that, at bottom, 
was an attempt to stop democracy 
from moving forward, because people 
were unhappy about the results of the 
election. I don’t think that the defend-
ant will follow my conditions if he be-
lieves I am part of this machine of the 
democratic process.’’ 
Well, that judge ought to be part of 
the Democratic Justice Department, 
because that is how that judge is act-
ing, not as a judge but as an advocate 
and as a part and parcel of what you 
could call a conspiracy because these 
people are working to silence anybody 
who has supported Donald Trump. That 
is one example of how government law-
yers 
and 
judges 
are 
criminalizing 
someone’s belief about the 2020 Presi-
dential election. It is much like the 
U.S. Attorney who is saying that if 
they 
charge 
enough 
people, 
then 
Trump supporters are not going to be 
willing to come back out because they 
know they will get charged. 
We have in this city political pris-
oners held hostage by their own gov-
ernment. They are victims of an un-
equal system of justice in a country 
where rioters and looters on the left 
are let off the hook—even considered 
heroes—while those on the right are 
considered hardened criminals without 
any record before trial can even begin. 
Here is how one defense attorney de-
scribed the conditions in the D.C. Cor-
rectional Treatment Facility: Detain-
ees are held in solitary confinement for 
23 hours a day. They cannot shower or 
shave regularly; some have been phys-
ically assaulted by prison guards. 
They cannot play a role in their own 
defense. They have no regular access to 
tablets to communicate with their law-
yers or family members. In-person 
meetings with counsel are nearly im-
possible; conversations between defend-
ants and lawyers are overheard by 
other defendants and their lawyers in 
addition to prison guards. 
At a detention hearing on May 11 for 
the two men accused of using pepper 
spray 
against 
police 
officers 
and 
against 
the 
late 
officer, 
Brian 
Sicknick, one defense lawyer told the 
judge he had not been able to speak 
with his client for 2 weeks. 
Julian Khater and George Tanios— 
about whom we were speaking earlier— 
were arrested in March for allegedly 
spraying the officers. They are still 
being held in the D.C. jail for weeks 
awaiting trial. 
This week, a Federal judge—one I 
spoke of earlier—denied bail to both 
defendants. Julian Khater’s family was 
willing to put up a $15 million bond 
package. Neither man has a criminal 
record, but you have a judge and a Jus-
tice Department with an agenda, and 
so what these men are getting is not 
only not bond, but they are getting the 
most injustice the Department of Jus-
tice can throw at them. They never 
even went inside the building and the 
government has yet to prove their 
cases at all, but the judge basically 
tried the case himself this week with-
out either defendant present. Judge 
Hogan said the men are a danger to so-
ciety because they attempted to halt 
the democratic process. 
Well, if that were a crime, we would 
have dozens of Democrats with a crimi-
nal record for coming in here. It was 
the first and only time in American 
history that one party came in, took 
over the House floor, and prevented a 
session from taking place. It never hap-
pened before, and it never happened 
since. Of course, the election didn’t go 
too well for Democrats after that. We 
had a very weak Speaker of the House 
at the time who kept saying that those 
people will be punished for their impro-
prieties and for their unethical and un-
ruly behavior. There were at least a 
dozen or more rules of the House that 
were violated by most of the Demo-
crats. 
Madam Speaker, you are not sup-
posed to sit on the House floor, on the 
floor itself. You are not supposed to 
bring food. Heck, food was catered in 
here. You are not supposed to take pic-
tures in here. There were not only pic-
tures taken, but there was a broadcast 
going on from the House floor. Rule 
after rule were broken. There could 
have 
potentially 
been 
criminal 
charges, but none were made. None of 
us filed any criminal charges. 
Even though the insurrectionists and 
the Democratic Party came in here and 
prevented the House from doing busi-
ness for 24 hours, PAUL RYAN kept say-
ing he was going to do something about 
it. He never did. No one has ever been 
punished for the massive improprieties 
that took place. 
Many of these people are finally 
being charged with preventing, or con-
spiring to prevent Congress from tak-
ing action. Well, that is exactly what 
many of the House Democrats did that 
day when they prevented, for 24 hours, 
us from going into session here. The 
fact is, I didn’t and wouldn’t advocate 
that any of the Democratic Represent-
atives be charged or should have been 
charged criminally. There were rule 
violations. I felt like it should have 
been handled by Ethics, but I would 
not want criminal charges brought 
against other Members of the House for 
the very things that Trump supporters 
are being charged with. 
I would have felt that was inappro-
priate against Democratic Members of 
Congress then, and I feel like it is inap-
propriate for those who were non-
violent—at least many of them. It is a 
misdemeanor, it should be, but they 
are trying to make it for optics pur-
poses into some kind of justification 
for having metal detectors out here, 
even though they ought to be other 
places, and Capitol Police ought to be 
other places. But it is a great deal like 
I look around, and anybody who is not 
speaking has to wear a mask because of 
optics, that we want people to think 
there is this grave, great danger here. 
That is why we have the fence. They 
took the outer fence down. The inner 
fence is still around here. We have Na-
tional Guard troops that could be help-
ing secure our border. That doesn’t vio-
late posse comitatus, because they 
would be enforcing our border against 
non-American citizens, so posse com-
itatus, as I hear people bring up, 
wouldn’t come into play. They could be 
down there helping secure the border, 
but instead, they are stuck around here 
in parking garages. I see them in park-
ing garages all the time. That is out-
rageous. 
Why are they all here still after all 
this time? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:13 May 15, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00033
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.048
H14MYPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 32-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H2352 
May 14, 2021 
Optics. Optics. 
It was not as President Bush said 
when he signed the bill to be used 
against political protesters, but that is 
exactly what is being done right now. 
That bill did not apply to the thou-
sands of people who occupied the Sen-
ate and tried to stop the confirmation 
of Brett Kavanaugh in 2018. It didn’t 
apply to protesters who tried to stop 
his swearing-in by banging on the 
doors of the Supreme Court. It didn’t 
apply to any of the protests we have 
seen over the years in Washington, 
D.C., but people who were here on that 
day are being charged with that of-
fense, a felony punishable by up to 20 
years in jail. 
The media and Democrats continue 
to misrepresent what happened on Jan-
uary 6. But nearly 200 people have been 
charged with ‘‘obstruction of an offi-
cial proceeding.’’ 
That is the vague law that President 
Bush signed into law in 2002. It was 
aimed at white-collar criminals after 
the Enron scandal, and yet, it is being 
used only against people who support 
President Trump, none of those who of-
ficially obstructed the House Chamber 
for 24 hours who were members of the 
Democratic Party. 
Well, the claim about a fire extin-
guisher being used to murder Officer 
Sicknick even made it into the Demo-
crats’ impeachment memo. But it was 
a lie. We finally learned he died trag-
ically at the age of 42 of a stroke. 
The three other people did not die be-
cause of what happened that day. Two 
died of heart failure, and one died of a 
drug overdose. There is no evidence as 
has been said on January 7 that this 
was 
an 
armed 
insurrection—armed 
meaning with firearms. There were no 
firearms. Of course, Bruno Cua had a 
little baton. He didn’t use it against 
anybody, but he still is being charged 
with using a deadly weapon. 
Not one person has been charged with 
bringing a firearm to the Capitol. Peo-
ple have been charged with carrying or 
using things like Mace or a helmet, but 
no one brought a gun into this build-
ing, and we still have no one in custody 
for allegedly planting inoperable pipe 
bombs near the headquarters of the 
DNC and the RNC. 
What was all of that about? 
Some of us tried to get information 
about those bombs. Normally, people 
don’t put bombs that don’t work out 
where people can see them unless it is 
simply for the optics. Now, when they 
are serious, they do what Bill Ayers’ 
people, the Weather Underground, did 
when they set off a bomb in the U.S. 
Senate. To me, that was more of an at-
tack, more of a war or an attack on de-
mocracy. In this very room, terrorists 
from Puerto Rico came in here and 
shot four House Members. Four Mem-
bers of Congress were shot in this room 
in 1954. 
b 1245 
To me, that was more of an attack on 
democracy, for the President’s infor-
mation. 
When Pearl Harbor occurred, that 
was more, thousands, 2,000 to 3,000 peo-
ple were killed. That was more of an 
attack on democracy than the protest 
of January 6. 
When 9/11 occurred—and I know it 
has been so long ago, there are a lot of 
people who have forgotten, apparently, 
about 9/11—3,000 people killed. The Pen-
tagon was hit. The two World Trade 
Center buildings were hit. Thousands 
died. That was more of an attack on 
democracy. 
I just want the President to under-
stand there have been things worse 
than people without any firearms com-
ing into a building. 
Now, I have been a judge. I wouldn’t 
put up with that kind of activity, dis-
ruption. Sure, people go to jail for 
that. They would not get charged a fel-
ony, 
normally, 
but 
certainly 
mis-
demeanors. So there is punishment 
that should and could be used, but not 
innocent people, not like Paul and 
Marilyn. FBI swarmed their home, 
took all their stuff. That is just so 
wrong. 
The coverup of the video that was 
available here in the Capitol that could 
really establish what all went on is 
atrocious. 
I have so many friends in the Capitol 
Police. They are wonderful people. I 
admire them greatly. But there are 
people in leadership positions, appar-
ently, who are covering up video of 
what went on here. Now, even the news 
media is asking the D.C. District Court 
for access to video evidence presented 
in virtual court proceedings. 
As one of my Republican colleagues 
said this week in the House Oversight 
and Reform Committee hearing, we 
need to release all the tapes so the 
American people can see what hap-
pened before, during, and after the dis-
turbance on January 6. 
There is no doubt people came here 
on January 6 to cause trouble. Most did 
not come here to cause trouble. Most 
came here to protest in the manner 
that I have advocated for years, and 
that is the effective manner that Dr. 
King advocated for. So much more is 
done by peaceful protest. 
But Americans need to make their 
voices heard. This power-hungry group 
occupying positions of power in Wash-
ington, D.C., right now, they are want-
ing to intimidate and use injustice for 
their own political purposes. 
The overwhelming number of people 
caught up in this ‘‘unprecedented in-
vestigation,’’ as the Justice Depart-
ment promises, they are actually non-
violent, 
peaceful 
Americans. 
Their 
only crime was supporting Donald 
Trump and concern about the fraud 
Democrats have been telling us about 
in elections for many years. 
An article from April 12, Julie Kelly, 
‘‘Indefinite 
Incarceration 
for 
Pro-
testers with ‘Wrong’ Politics,’’ a great 
article, documents about different peo-
ple who are getting death threats. The 
press has helped bring about all kinds 
of calamities on people whose crime 
was being concerned about the election 
and being here and peacefully pro-
testing. 
It documents some of the travesties 
that are occurring with some people 
whose only crime was being concerned 
about fairness in the election in Amer-
ica. 
Another, as ‘‘Capitol Defendants Rot 
in D.C. Jail, Portland Rioters Get Leni-
ency,’’ documents how lenient the Jus-
tice Department—yes, the same Jus-
tice Department that is locking up in 
solitary confinement people who really 
didn’t commit the actions they are 
charged with. That same Justice De-
partment is going easy on the looters 
and destroyers in Portland. 
An article from April 19, ‘‘From ‘In-
surrectionists’ to ‘Interruptionists’’’— 
that is probably going to be the charge 
that ends up sticking in most cases. 
They obstructed Congress from their 
jobs, not for 24 hours like the Demo-
crat Members of Congress who kept us 
from having session in here for 24 
hours. Not like that, but just for a 
matter of hours till things were under 
control. Then we were back in no time, 
back here in this Chamber, doing our 
business. 
But the FBI raided the Hueper cou-
ple’s home. That was with guns drawn. 
Here is this 18-year-old, Bruno Cua, 
the complaint I have here. He is 
charged with assault on a Federal offi-
cer. Yet, there has been no evidence 
presented of any assault on a Federal 
officer—civil disorder, obstruction of 
an official proceeding. That is the one 
that probably is why Julie Kelly says 
they have gone from insurrectionist to 
interruptionist: enter or remain on the 
floor or gallery of either House of Con-
gress; violent entry or disorderly con-
duct; engage in physical violence; ob-
struct or impede passage; and parade, 
demonstrate, or picket on Capitol 
Grounds. 
That is what we have come to, lock-
ing up this 18-year-old with no criminal 
history whatsoever. 
Interesting, in Bruno Cua’s case, the 
Justice Department was arguing, since 
he had begun to be homeschooled be-
fore January 6, as thousands and thou-
sands of American children have been 
since teachers are refusing in so many 
places to come teach them, that is used 
by the Justice Department to say you 
can’t allow this guy to be released, this 
dangerous 18-year-old with no criminal 
history. 
It says, oh, but look at his social 
media, and he is being homeschooled, 
so you can’t release him home because, 
you know, that is where he came from. 
That would be terrible. 
Yet, in Portland, they are letting 
people go, right and left, with long 
criminal histories and with actual vio-
lence that they have committed. 
Anyway, Rick Manning has a good 
article from May 12 in Townhall, 
‘‘Biden’s America Resembles the Bad 
Old Days of 1973.’’ 
I keep expecting, at any time, our 
President to say that we need to put 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:13 May 15, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00034
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.049
H14MYPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 33-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H2353 
May 14, 2021 
out big pins with the letters W-I-N on 
them, as Gerald Ford did. That stood 
for ‘‘Whip Inflation Now,’’ and that 
didn’t work. Wearing a pin with ‘‘Whip 
Inflation Now’’ did not whip inflation, 
nor did Jimmy Carter wearing a sweat-
er heal or fix our problem with a lack 
of energy. That didn’t work. But that 
looks like the kind of thing we are 
headed back to. 
There is a great deal of injustice, and 
I would think, for all of those who ob-
structed an official proceeding here on 
the House floor, under the leadership of 
the Democrat Party leadership, that 
for far longer disrupted the House pro-
ceedings, violating countless House 
rules, I would think that with that in 
someone’s background, that they have 
committed that crime that these peo-
ple are being charged with, that we 
would get a lot more sympathy from 
our colleagues across the aisle. 
Many were not here then. But the 
ones who were, who committed that 
crime being charged now, have it a lit-
tle easier on those who interrupted us 
that day. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
f 
ENSURING EQUAL ACCESS TO 
CREDIT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-
uary 4, 2021, the Chair recognizes the 
gentleman 
from 
New 
York 
(Mr. 
TORRES) for 30 minutes. 
Mr. TORRES of New York. Madam 
Speaker, in the United States, there 
are 1.4 million LGBTQ businesses con-
tributing more than $1.7 trillion to the 
American economy. We have a vested 
interest in sustaining and strength-
ening those businesses with equal ac-
cess to credit, which is the beating 
heart of the American economy. 
As a former New York City Council 
member, I partnered with the National 
LGBTQ Chamber of Commerce to es-
tablish the Nation’s largest municipal 
certification program for LGBTQ busi-
ness enterprises, enabling those busi-
nesses to enjoy equal access to a $25 
billion pool of government procure-
ment. I am continuing in the United 
States Congress the advocacy that I 
began years ago in the New York City 
Council. 
My legislation, the LGBTQ Business 
Equal Credit Enforcement and Invest-
ment Act, builds on a foundation laid 
by several statutes and regulations. 
The Equal Credit Opportunity Act, 
ECOA, prohibits credit discrimination, 
including but not limited to sex dis-
crimination. 
A new interpretive rule from the 
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau 
clarifies 
that 
ECOA’s 
prohibition 
against sex discrimination applies to 
sexual orientation and gender identity. 
Section 1071 of Dodd-Frank, which 
exists to enable and enhance the en-
forcement of ECOA, requires financial 
institutions 
to 
report 
information 
about the race, ethnicity, and sex of 
credit applicants who serve as the prin-
cipal owners of small businesses. 
My legislation would expand the 1071 
reporting requirements to include not 
only sex but also sexual orientation 
and gender identity. In doing so, it 
would enable antidiscrimination en-
forcement where none might exist. 
Even though the United States has 
made 
substantial 
strides 
toward 
LGBTQ equality, the mission is far 
from accomplished. Seventy percent of 
the LGBTQ community remains unpro-
tected 
by 
antidiscrimination 
laws. 
When it comes to credit, in particular, 
according to the Williams Institute, 
more than 7.7 million LGBTQ adults 
live in States that offer no protection 
against credit discrimination based on 
sexual orientation and gender identity. 
Francis Bacon once said that knowl-
edge is power. Knowledge affords us the 
power to detect discrimination that 
might otherwise go undetected. Take, 
as an example, the Home Mortgage Dis-
closure Act, which is analogous to my 
legislation. 
Both the National Community Rein-
vestment Coalition and Iowa State 
University reviewed data from the 
HMDA and found that same-sex couples 
were denied loans at higher rates than 
heterosexual couples, despite having 
comparable creditworthiness. It also 
found that those same-sex couples paid 
higher interest rates and higher fees. 
The experience of the HMDA tells us 
that sunlight can be a powerful dis-
infectant against discrimination. 
The Equal Credit Enforcement and 
Investment Act would make credit 
more accessible, credit laws more en-
forceable, and creditors more account-
able. It would represent a triumph of 
transparency in the service of eco-
nomic opportunity for all, regardless of 
who you are and whom you love. 
b 1300 
HATE NEVER BRINGS PEACE 
Mr. TORRES of New York. Madam 
Speaker, earlier in the week, a public 
official posted on Twitter the following 
image of a map where the State of 
Israel is nowhere to be found. There is 
nothing accidental about the omission. 
Wiping Israel off the map is the objec-
tive of the BDS movement. Notice the 
image includes flowers to symbolize 
peace, as though peace meant the de-
struction of Israel itself. 
When 
most 
Americans 
speak 
of 
peace, we mean the peaceful coexist-
ence of an Israeli state and Palestinian 
state, not the existence of one to the 
exclusion of the other. Most Americans 
are anguished by the trauma of Israelis 
seeking refuge in bomb shelters in the 
face of relentless rocket fire. And most 
Americans are anguished by the deep 
suffering and death toll of Palestinians 
who live under the repressive rule of 
Hamas and who have fallen victim to 
the wretchedness of war. 
The rapid-fire rhetoric that we have 
seen directed at Israel is so hyperbolic, 
so vitriolic, that it inflames rather 
than informs. It delegitimizes Israel 
rather than deescalates the Israeli-Pal-
estinian conflict. 
Those propagating hate are not part 
of the solution, but part of the prob-
lem. Hate never brings peace. It never 
has. It never will. 
You can either promote hate or you 
can promote peace, but you cannot ad-
vance both. Let us not be fooled by the 
pretense of peace. Let us find the wis-
dom to tell the difference between gen-
uine peace and hate hidden under the 
guise of peace. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. GRIFFITH (at the request of Mr. 
MCCARTHY) for today on account of a 
family matter. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 11(b) of House Resolu-
tion 188, the House stands adjourned 
until noon on Monday, May 17, 2021, for 
morning-hour debate and 2 p.m. for leg-
islative business. 
Thereupon (at 1 o’clock and 1 minute 
p.m.), under its previous order, the 
House adjourned until Monday, May 17, 
2021, at noon for morning-hour debate. 
f 
OATH FOR ACCESS TO CLASSIFIED 
INFORMATION 
Under clause 13 of rule XXIII, the fol-
lowing Member executed the oath for 
access to classified information: 
Troy A. Carter 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the 
Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
EC–1110. A letter from the Secretary, De-
partment of Defense, transmitting a letter 
authorizing eight officers to wear the insig-
nia of the grade of rear admiral or rear admi-
ral (lower half), pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 
777(b)(3)(B); Public Law 104-106, Sec. 503(a)(1) 
(as added by Public Law 108-136, Sec. 
509(a)(3)); (117 Stat. 1458); to the Committee 
on Armed Services. 
EC–1111. A letter from the Secretary, De-
partment of Defense, transmitting a letter 
on the approved retirement of General Tim-
othy M. Ray, United States Air Force, and 
his advancement to the grade of general on 
the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 
1370(c)(1); Public Law 96-513, Sec. 112 (as 
amended by Public Law 104-106, Sec. 502(b)); 
(110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed 
Services. 
EC–1112. A letter from the Secretary, De-
partment of Defense, transmitting a letter 
on the approved retirement of Lieutenant 
General Christopher P. Weggeman, United 
States Air Force, and his advancement to 
the grade of Lieutenant general on the re-
tired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); 
Public Law 96-513, Sec. 112 (as amended by 
Public Law 104-106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 
293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:13 May 15, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00035
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K14MY7.050
H14MYPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 34-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H2354 
May 14, 2021 
EC–1113. A letter from the Secretary, De-
partment of Defense, transmitting a letter 
on the approved retirement of Lieutenant 
General Charles G. Chiarotti, United States 
Marine Corps, and his advancement to the 
grade of lieutenant general on the retired 
list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public 
Law 96-513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public 
Law 104-106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to 
the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–1114. A letter from the Secretary, De-
partment of Defense, transmitting a letter 
on the approved retirement of Lieutenant 
General Timothy G. Fay, United States Air 
Force, and his advancement to the grade of 
lieutenant general on the retired list, pursu-
ant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96-513, 
Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104-106, 
Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee 
on Armed Services. 
EC–1115. A letter from the Secretary, De-
partment of Defense, transmitting a letter 
on the approved retirement of Lieutenant 
General Loretta E. Reynolds, United States 
Marine Corps, and her advancement to the 
grade of lieutenant general on the retired 
list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public 
Law 96-513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public 
Law 104-106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to 
the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–1116. A letter from the Secretary, De-
partment of State, transmitting a letter on 
the approved retirement of Lieutenant Gen-
eral Scott A. Kindsvater, United States Air 
Force, and his advancement to the grade of 
lieutenant general on the retired list, pursu-
ant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96-513, 
Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104-106, 
Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee 
on Armed Services. 
EC–1117. A letter from the Assistant Sec-
retary of the army, Installations, Energy 
and Environment, Department of the Army, 
Department of Defense, transmitting a re-
port on the plan to finish remediation activi-
ties at the Umatilla Chemical Depot in 
Umatilla, Oregon, pursuant to Public Law 
116-283; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–1118. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Air Tractor, Inc., Airplanes [Docket 
No.: FAA-2020-0710; Project Identifier 2019- 
CE-037-AD; Amendment 39-21457; AD 2021-05- 
14] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received May 7, 2021, pur-
suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 
121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee 
on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC–1119. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; International Aero Engines AG Tur-
bofan Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2020-0700; 
Project Identifier AD-2020-00238-E; Amend-
ment 39-21461; AD 2021-05-18] (RIN: 2120-AA64) 
received May 7, 2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure. 
EC–1120. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Rockwell Collins, Inc. Flight Display 
System Application [Docket No.: FAA-2020- 
0883; 
Project 
Identifier 
2019-CE-034-AD; 
Amendment 39-21460; AD 2021-05-17] (RIN: 
2120-AA64) received May 7, 2021, pursuant to 
5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC–1121. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Leonardo S.p.a. (Type Certificate Pre-
viously Held by Agusta S.p.A.) (Leonardo) 
Helicopters 
[Docket 
No.: 
FAA-2021-0194; 
Project Identifier MCAI-2020-01434-R; Amend-
ment 39-21482; AD 2021-07-05] (RIN: 2120-AA64) 
received May 7, 2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure. 
EC–1122. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-
proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums 
and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-
cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31360; 
Amdt. No.: 3948] received May 7, 2021, pursu-
ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 
121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee 
on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC–1123. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-
proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums 
and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-
cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31359; 
Amdt. No.: 3947] received May 7, 2021, pursu-
ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 
121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee 
on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC–1124. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Airbus Canada Limited Partnership 
(Type Certificate Previously Held by C Se-
ries Aircraft Limited Partnership (CSALP); 
Bombardier, Inc.) Airplanes [Docket No.: 
FAA-2020-0971; Product Identifier 2020-NM- 
083-AD; Amendment 39-21453; AD 2021-05-10] 
(RIN: 2120-AA64) received May 7, 2021, pursu-
ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 
121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee 
on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC–1125. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Airbus SAS Airplanes [Docket No.: 
FAA-2020-0914; Product Identifier 2020-NM- 
058-AD; Amendment 39-21463; AD 2021-05-20] 
(RIN: 2120-AA64) received May 7, 2021, pursu-
ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 
121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee 
on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC–1126. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Leonardo S.p.a. Helicopters [Docket 
No.: FAA-2018-0309; Project Identifier 2018- 
SW-014-AD; Amendment 39-21456; AD 2021-05- 
13] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received May 7, 2021, pur-
suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 
121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee 
on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC–1127. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Bell Textron Canada Limited Heli-
copters [Docket No.: FAA-2021-0144; Project 
Identifier MCAI-2021-00255-R; Amendment 39- 
21473; AD 2021-06-06] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received 
May 7, 2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); 
Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to 
the Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure. 
EC–1128. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Airbus Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA- 
2020-0916; Product Identifier 2015-SW-055-AD; 
Amendment 39-21449; AD 2021-05-06] (RIN: 
2120-AA64) received May 7, 2021, pursuant to 
5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC–1129. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-
et No.: FAA-2020-0903; Project Identifier AD- 
2020-00957-T; Amendment 39-21454; AD 2021-05- 
11] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received May 7, 2021, pur-
suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 
121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee 
on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC–1130. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Revocation and Amend-
ment of Class E Airspace; Orange City and 
Le Mars, IA [Docket No.: FAA-2020-0664; Air-
space Docket No.: 20-ACE-15] (RIN: 2120- 
AA66) received May 7, 2021, pursuant to 5 
U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC–1131. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Airbus Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA- 
2020-1123; Project Identifier MCAI-2020-01294- 
R; Amendment 39-21448; AD 2021-05-05] (RIN: 
2120-AA64) received May 7, 2021, pursuant to 
5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC–1132. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Airbus Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA- 
2020-1131; Project Identifier MCAI-2020-00613- 
R; Amendment 39-21445; AD 2021-05-02] (RIN: 
2120-AA64) received May 7, 2021, pursuant to 
5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC–1133. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Airbus Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA- 
2021-0094; Project Identifier MCAI-2021-00100- 
R; Amendment 39-21437; AD 2021-04-15] (RIN: 
2120-AA64) received May 7, 2021, pursuant to 
5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC–1134. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; 
Textron 
Aviation 
Inc. 
Airplanes 
[Docket No.: FAA-2020-0811; Product Identi-
fier 2019-CE-055-AD; Amendment 39-21431; AD 
2021-04-10] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received May 7, 
2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public 
Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure. 
EC–1135. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Airbus SAS Airplanes [Docket No.: 
FAA-2020-1106; Product Identifier MCAI-2020- 
01065-T; Amendment 39-21435; AD 2021-04-14] 
(RIN: 2120-AA64) received May 7, 2021, pursu-
ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 
121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee 
on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC–1136. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Dassault Aviation Airplanes [Docket 
No.: FAA-2020-1111; Product Identifier MCAI- 
2020-01374-T; Amendment 39-21442; AD 2021-04- 
20] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received May 7, 2021, pur-
suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 
121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee 
on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:13 May 15, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00036
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\L14MY7.000
H14MYPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 35-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H2355 
May 14, 2021 
EC–1137. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Airbus Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA- 
2020-0905; Project Identifier 2019-SW-102-AD; 
Amendment 39-21384; AD 2021-02-01] (RIN: 
2120-AA64) received May 7, 2021, pursuant to 
5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC–1138. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-
et No.: FAA-2021-0133; Product Identifier AD- 
2021-00234-T; Amendment 39-21469; AD 2021-06- 
03] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received May 7, 2021, pur-
suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 
121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee 
on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC–1139. A letter from the Acting Assistant 
Secretary for Legislative Affairs, Depart-
ment of Homeland Security, transmitting 
the Department’s legislative proposal, Jamie 
Zapata Federal Officers and Employees Pro-
tection Act of 2021; to the Committee on 
Homeland Security. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk 
for printing and reference to the proper 
calendar, as follows: 
Mr. TAKANO: Committee on Veterans’ Af-
fairs. H.R. 2167. A bill to amend title 38, 
United States Code, to provide for extensions 
of the time limitations for use of entitle-
ment under Department of Veterans Affairs 
educational assistance programs by reason of 
school closures due to emergency and other 
situations, and for other purposes; with an 
amendment (Rept. 117–34). Referred to the 
Committee of the Whole House on the state 
on the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following 
titles were introduced and severally re-
ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi (for 
himself and Mr. KATKO): 
H.R. 3233. A bill to establish the National 
Commission to Investigate the January 6 At-
tack on the United States Capitol Complex, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Homeland Security. 
By Mr. DUNN: 
H.R. 3234. A bill to amend section 30113 of 
title 49, United States Code, to clarify the 
granting of an alternate vehicle endorse-
ment, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. OWENS (for himself, Mr. 
BANKS, Mr. ALLEN, Mr. BABIN, Mr. 
BISHOP
of 
North 
Carolina, 
Mrs. 
BOEBERT, Mr. BROOKS, Mr. BUCK, Mr. 
CAWTHORN, Mr. CLOUD, Mr. DONALDS, 
Mr. GOOD of Virginia, Mr. FALLON, 
Mr. 
GREEN
of 
Tennessee, 
Mr. 
GROTHMAN, Mrs. HARSHBARGER, Mr. 
ISSA, Mr. JACKSON, Mr. JACOBS
of 
New York, Mr. JOYCE
of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. 
MAST, 
Mr. 
MOOLENAAR, 
Mr. 
PERRY, Mr. RESCHENTHALER, Mr. RICE 
of South Carolina, Mr. ROUZER, Mr. 
ROY, Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, 
Mr. STEWART, and Mr. TIFFANY): 
H.R. 3235. A bill to restrict executive agen-
cies from acting in contravention of Execu-
tive Order 13950; to the Committee on Over-
sight and Reform, and in addition to the 
Committees on Education and Labor, and 
Armed Services, for a period to be subse-
quently determined by the Speaker, in each 
case for consideration of such provisions as 
fall within the jurisdiction of the committee 
concerned. 
By Ms. SALAZAR (for herself, Mr. RICE 
of South Carolina, Mr. DONALDS, Mr. 
JACKSON, and Mr. BILIRAKIS): 
H.R. 3236. A bill to prohibit the President 
from taking any action to support the waiv-
er of obligations of members of the World 
Trade Organization under the Agreement on 
Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Prop-
erty Rights in relation to the prevention, 
containment, mitigation, or treatment of 
COVID-19 unless a statute is enacted ex-
pressly authorizing such a waiver with re-
spect to the prevention, containment, miti-
gation, or treatment of COVID-19, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign 
Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on 
Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-
quently determined by the Speaker, in each 
case for consideration of such provisions as 
fall within the jurisdiction of the committee 
concerned. 
By Ms. DELAURO: 
H.R. 3237. A bill making emergency supple-
mental appropriations for the fiscal year 
ending September 30, 2021, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Appropriations, 
and in addition to the Committee on the 
Budget, for a period to be subsequently de-
termined by the Speaker, in each case for 
consideration of such provisions as fall with-
in the jurisdiction of the committee con-
cerned. 
By Ms. ESCOBAR: 
H.R. 3238. A bill to amend the Safe Drink-
ing Water Act and the Safe Drinking Water 
Act Amendments of 1996 to reauthorize cer-
tain grant programs providing assistance to 
colonias, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-
dition to the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure, for a period to be subse-
quently determined by the Speaker, in each 
case for consideration of such provisions as 
fall within the jurisdiction of the committee 
concerned. 
By Mr. FITZGERALD: 
H.R. 3239. A bill to make improvements in 
the enactment of title 41, United States 
Code, into a positive law title and to improve 
the Code; to the Committee on the Judici-
ary. 
By Mr. AMODEI (for himself, Mr. 
WESTERMAN, 
Mr. 
YOUNG, 
Mr. 
LAMALFA, 
Mr. 
FULCHER, 
Mr. 
RESCHENTHALER, and Mrs. LESKO): 
H.R. 3240. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture 
to more efficiently develop domestic sources 
of the minerals and mineral materials of 
strategic and critical importance to the eco-
nomic and national security and manufac-
turing competitiveness of the United States, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Natural Resources. 
By Ms. BUSH: 
H.R. 3241. A bill to make improvements in 
the enactment of title 54, United States 
Code, into a positive law title and to improve 
the Code; to the Committee on the Judici-
ary. 
By Mr. BLUMENAUER: 
H.R. 3242. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 to improve the American 
History for Freedom grant program; to the 
Committee on Education and Labor. 
By Mr. CLEAVER (for himself, Mr. 
THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. KATKO, 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN, Ms. CLARKE 
of New York, Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. 
LANGEVIN, Mr. CORREA, Mr. GREEN of 
Texas, Mr. SWALWELL, Ms. TITUS, Ms. 
BARRAGA´ N, Mrs. LURIA, Mr. TORRES 
of New York, and Mr. GIMENEZ): 
H.R. 3243. A bill to codify the Transpor-
tation Security Administration’s responsi-
bility relating to securing pipelines against 
cybersecurity threats, acts of terrorism, and 
other nefarious acts that jeopardize the 
physical security or cybersecurity of pipe-
lines, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Homeland Security. 
By Mr. CROW (for himself, Mrs. HAYES, 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, and Mr. 
MEIJER): 
H.R. 3244. A bill to ensure that Federal 
work-study funding is available for students 
enrolled in residency programs for teachers, 
principals, or school leaders, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on Education 
and Labor. 
By Ms. ESCOBAR: 
H.R. 3245. A bill to authorize the imposi-
tion of sanctions with respect to significant 
actions that exacerbate climate change, to 
reinforce comprehensive efforts to limit 
global average temperature rise, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign 
Affairs, and in addition to the Committees 
on the Judiciary, Financial Services, Over-
sight and Reform, and Ways and Means, for 
a period to be subsequently determined by 
the Speaker, in each case for consideration 
of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-
tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. GARCI´A of Illinois (for himself, 
Ms. KAPTUR, Ms. LEE of California, 
Mr. 
GRIJALVA, 
Mr. 
POCAN, 
Mr. 
THOMPSON of Mississippi, Ms. BUSH, 
Ms. TLAIB, Ms. NORTON, Mr. EVANS, 
Mr. CARSON, Mr. TRONE, and Mr. 
KAHELE): 
H.R. 3246. A bill to award funds to States 
and local areas for subsidized employment 
programs for youth; to the Committee on 
Education and Labor, and in addition to the 
Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be 
subsequently determined by the Speaker, in 
each case for consideration of such provi-
sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
By Ms. GARCIA of Texas (for herself, 
Ms. 
NORTON, 
Ms. 
ESCOBAR, 
Ms. 
JAYAPAL, Ms. BONAMICI, Ms. OMAR, 
Mr. GRIJALVA, Ms. LEE of California, 
Ms. NEWMAN, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY, Mr. 
LARSON of Connecticut, Mr. GARCI´A 
of Illinois, Ms. TLAIB, Mr. ESPAILLAT, 
Ms. WILSON of Florida, Mr. CARSON, 
Ms. PRESSLEY, Ms. VELA´ ZQUEZ, Mrs. 
WATSON COLEMAN, Mr. KHANNA, Ms. 
OCASIO-CORTEZ, Mr. MCGOVERN, Mr. 
EVANS, Mr. VICENTE
GONZALEZ
of 
Texas, Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD, Mr. BOW-
MAN, Ms. BASS, and Ms. JACKSON 
LEE): 
H.R. 3247. A bill to amend title 31, United 
States Code, to limit the amount that the 
portion of a taxpayer’s tax refund attrib-
utable to the child tax credit and the earned 
income tax credit may be reduced by reason 
of student loan debt; to the Committee on 
Oversight and Reform, and in addition to the 
Committee on Ways and Means, for a period 
to be subsequently determined by the Speak-
er, in each case for consideration of such pro-
visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
By Mr. GUEST: 
H.R. 3248. A bill to amend the Omnibus 
Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to 
establish a body-worn camera partnership 
grant program, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. HICE of Georgia (for himself, 
Mr. 
NORMAN, 
Ms. 
HERRELL, 
Mr. 
BISHOP of North Carolina, Mr. GOSAR, 
Mr. GIBBS, Mr. BABIN, Mr. GROTHMAN, 
Mr. LAMALFA, Mr. FALLON, and Mr. 
CLYDE): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:13 May 15, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00037
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\L14MY7.000
H14MYPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 36-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H2356 
May 14, 2021 
H.R. 3249. A bill to codify the policy of Ex-
ecutive Order 13950 (relating to combating 
race and sex stereotyping), and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Oversight and 
Reform. 
By Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH (for him-
self, Mr. BUDD, and Mr. RUTHERFORD): 
H.R. 3250. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to permit uniformed law en-
forcement officers to carry agency-issued 
firearms in certain Federal facilities, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary. 
By Ms. KUSTER (for herself, Mr. 
KELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. WELCH, 
Ms. PINGREE, Mr. GARAMENDI, and 
Mr. PAPPAS): 
H.R. 3251. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to include biomass heating 
appliances in the energy credit and to extent 
the credit for residential energy efficient 
property; to the Committee on Ways and 
Means. 
By Mr. LAMB (for himself, Mr. RUTH-
ERFORD, Mr. PASCRELL, Mr. CREN-
SHAW, Mr. KIND, Mr. STEUBE, and Mr. 
GOLDEN): 
H.R. 3252. A bill to amend chapter 44 of 
title 18, United States Code, to enhance pen-
alties for certain thefts of a firearm from 
certain Federal firearms licensees, and to 
criminalize the theft of a firearm from a gun 
range that rents firearms or a shooting club; 
to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mrs. LESKO (for herself and Mr. 
MCNERNEY): 
H.R. 3253. A bill to direct the Adminis-
trator of the National Highway Traffic Safe-
ty Administration to conduct a study on 
motor vehicle safety and impaired driving, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. LOUDERMILK (for himself, Mr. 
MEUSER, Mrs. GREENE of Georgia, Mr. 
NORMAN, Mr. JACKSON, Mr. LATTA, 
Mr. HICE of Georgia, Ms. VAN DUYNE, 
Mrs. CAMMACK, Mr. DESJARLAIS, Ms. 
STEFANIK, Mr. GIBBS, Mr. WENSTRUP, 
Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. 
CAWTHORN, and Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio): 
H.R. 3254. A bill to terminate Federal Pan-
demic Unemployment Compensation; to the 
Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. NORCROSS: 
H.R. 3255. A bill to require the Adminis-
trator of the Environmental Protection 
Agency to develop guidance for identifying 
high-risk locations to focus lead reduction 
efforts, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. PERRY (for himself, Mr. MAST, 
Mr. POSEY, Mr. RESCHENTHALER, Mr. 
GOHMERT, Mr. TIFFANY, Mr. DUNCAN, 
Mrs. HARSHBARGER, Mr. ADERHOLT, 
Mr. GOSAR, Mr. STEUBE, Mr. GIBBS, 
Mr. CAWTHORN, Mr. VAN DREW, and 
Mr. JACKSON): 
H.R. 3256. A bill to prohibit Federal fund-
ing to the Wuhan Institute of Virology; to 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. SCHRADER (for himself, Ms. 
BONAMICI, 
Mr. 
BENTZ, 
Mr. 
BLU-
MENAUER, and Mr. DEFAZIO): 
H.R. 3257. A bill to ensure that United 
States 
Government 
personnel, 
including 
members of the Armed Forces and contrac-
tors, assigned to United States diplomatic 
missions are given the opportunity to des-
ignate next-of-kin for certain purposes in the 
event of the death of the personnel; to the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Ms. SEWELL (for herself and Mr. 
BILIRAKIS): 
H.R. 3258. A bill to amend title XXVII of 
the Public Health Service Act to improve pa-
tient access to anti-cancer oral medications, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Energy and Commerce. 
By Ms. SEWELL (for herself, Mr. 
MCKINLEY, Ms. KUSTER, and Mr. 
FITZPATRICK): 
H.R. 3259. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to combat the opioid cri-
sis by promoting access to non-opioid treat-
ments in the hospital outpatient setting; to 
the Committee on Energy and Commerce, 
and in addition to the Committee on Ways 
and Means, for a period to be subsequently 
determined by the Speaker, in each case for 
consideration of such provisions as fall with-
in the jurisdiction of the committee con-
cerned. 
By Mr. SHERMAN: 
H.R. 3260. A bill to amend the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 to require that certain 
issuers make disclosures regarding general 
ledger accounts reconciliation, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs. 
By Ms. SPANBERGER (for herself, Mr. 
MEIJER, Mr. GOLDEN, Mr. GALLAGHER, 
Mr. MEEKS, Mr. MCCAUL, Ms. LEE of 
California, Mr. SCHIFF, Ms. JACOBS of 
California, 
Mr. 
MALINOWSKI, 
Mr. 
LIEU, Mr. BROWN, Mr. SMITH of Wash-
ington, Mr. KIM of New Jersey, Mr. 
UPTON, Mr. COLE, Mrs. KIM of Cali-
fornia, and Mr. STEUBE): 
H.R. 3261. A bill to repeal the Authoriza-
tion for Use of Military Force Against Iraq 
Resolution; to the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs. 
By Mr. UPTON: 
H.R. 3262. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Transportation to submit a report on cyber-
security risks to motor vehicle safety, and 
for other purposes; to the Committee on En-
ergy and Commerce. 
By Mr. OWENS (for himself, Mr. 
BANKS, Mr. ALLEN, Mr. BABIN, Mr. 
BISHOP
of 
North 
Carolina, 
Mrs. 
BOEBERT, Mr. BROOKS, Mr. BUCK, Mr. 
CAWTHORN, Mr. CLOUD, Mr. DONALDS, 
Mr. GOOD of Virginia, Mr. FALLON, 
Mr. GROTHMAN, Mrs. HARSHBARGER, 
Mr. HARRIS, Mr. ISSA, Mr. JACKSON, 
Mr. JACOBS of New York, Mr. JOYCE 
of Pennsylvania, Mr. KELLY of Penn-
sylvania, Mr. MAST, Mr. MOOLENAAR, 
Mr. PERRY, Mr. RESCHENTHALER, Mr. 
RICE of South Carolina, Mr. ROUZER, 
Mr. ROY, Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Geor-
gia, Mr. STEWART, Mr. TIFFANY, and 
Mr. CALVERT): 
H. Res. 397. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives that 
Critical Race Theory serves as a prejudicial 
ideological tool, rather than an educational 
tool, and should not be taught in K-12 class-
rooms as a way to teach students to judge in-
dividuals based on sex, race, ethnicity, and 
national origin; to the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor. 
By Ms. JACKSON LEE (for herself, 
Mrs. BEATTY, Mr. BISHOP of Georgia, 
Ms. LEE of California, Ms. WILLIAMS 
of 
Georgia, 
Ms. 
PLASKETT, 
Mr. 
PAYNE, Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN, Mrs. 
LAWRENCE, Mr. CONNOLLY, Ms. PIN-
GREE, Mrs. DEMINGS, Mr. JOHNSON of 
Georgia, Ms. STEVENS, Ms. STRICK-
LAND, Mr. KHANNA, Ms. BASS, Mr. 
LARSEN of Washington, Mr. DANNY K. 
DAVIS of Illinois, Ms. CLARK of Mas-
sachusetts, Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Ms. 
ESHOO, 
Mrs. 
BUSTOS, 
Ms. 
SCHA-
KOWSKY, Ms. ADAMS, Mr. MFUME, Mr. 
EVANS, Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, 
Mr. CASTRO of Texas, Ms. PRESSLEY, 
Ms. DEGETTE, Ms. WILSON of Florida, 
Mr. PALLONE, Mrs. LURIA, Mr. COO-
PER, Ms. MOORE of Wisconsin, Mr. 
BLUMENAUER, 
Mrs. 
TRAHAN, 
Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD, Ms. CLARKE
of New 
York, Mr. CRIST, Mr. SCHRADER, Mr. 
JONES, Mr. MCGOVERN, Ms. DELBENE, 
Mr. VEASEY, Mr. HORSFORD, Mr. 
CLEAVER, Mr. RYAN, Ms. OMAR, Mr. 
LEVIN
of Michigan, Mr. PRICE
of 
North Carolina, Mr. CA´ RDENAS, Mr. 
RUSH, Ms. JOHNSON
of Texas, Ms. 
WATERS, Mr. CROW, Mr. SCHNEIDER, 
Mr. THOMPSON
of California, Mr. 
COHEN, Mr. GREEN
of Texas, Mr. 
MEEKS, Mr. RASKIN, Ms. JACOBS of 
California, Mr. CICILLINE, Ms. KAP-
TUR, Mr. GALLEGO, Ms. NEWMAN, Mr. 
SAN NICOLAS, Mr. LAWSON of Florida, 
Mr. ESPAILLAT, Mr. CARTER of Lou-
isiana, Mr. SHERMAN, Mr. POCAN, Ms. 
GARCIA of Texas, Mr. BROWN, Ms. DA-
VIDS of Kansas, Mr. CLYBURN, Mr. 
TRONE, Mr. MCEACHIN, Ms. ROYBAL- 
ALLARD, Mr. GOMEZ, Mrs. FLETCHER, 
Mr. NADLER, Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER, 
Mr. CORREA, and Mr. JEFFRIES): 
H. Res. 398. A resolution recognizing the 
forthcoming centennial of the 1921 Tulsa 
Race Massacre; to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary. 
By Ms. CRAIG (for herself, Ms. TITUS, 
and Mr. FITZPATRICK): 
H. Res. 399. A resolution recognizing ‘‘Na-
tional Public Works Week’’; to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture. 
By Mr. DEUTCH (for himself, Mr. 
CICILLINE, Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALO-
NEY of New York, Mr. PAPPAS, Mr. 
POCAN, Mr. TAKANO, Mr. TORRES of 
New York, Ms. WILLIAMS of Georgia, 
Ms. BASS, Ms. BONAMICI, Mr. EVANS, 
Ms. LOIS
FRANKEL
of Florida, Mr. 
GRIJALVA, Mr. HIGGINS of New York, 
Ms. 
JACOBS
of 
California, 
Mr. 
LOWENTHAL, Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALO-
NEY of New York, Ms. NORTON, Ms. 
OCASIO-CORTEZ, 
Mr. 
QUIGLEY, 
Ms. 
SCHAKOWSKY, Mr. SOTO, Mr. TONKO, 
Mr. CRIST, and Mrs. DEMINGS): 
H. Res. 400. A resolution supporting the 
goals and ideals of National Honor Our 
LGBT Elders Day; to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, and in addition to the Com-
mittee on Energy and Commerce, for a pe-
riod to be subsequently determined by the 
Speaker, in each case for consideration of 
such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-
tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. RUSH (for himself, Ms. BASS, 
Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
HIGGINS of New York, Ms. JACOBS of 
California, Ms. LEE of California, Mr. 
LOWENTHAL, Ms. MOORE of Wisconsin, 
Ms. NEWMAN, Ms. NORTON, Ms. ROY-
BAL-ALLARD, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY, Mr. 
THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. TORRES 
of New York, and Ms. WILLIAMS of 
Georgia): 
H. Res. 401. A resolution expressing support 
for designation of the month of May 2021 as 
‘‘National Child Poverty Prevention Month’’; 
to the Committee on Oversight and Reform. 
By Mr. SHERMAN (for himself and Mr. 
CHABOT): 
H. Res. 402. A resolution recognizing the 
devastating impact of COVID-19 in India and 
expressing the sense of the House of Rep-
resentatives with respect to COVID assist-
ance to India; to the Committee on Foreign 
Affairs. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-
tives, the following statements are sub-
mitted regarding the specific powers 
granted to Congress in the Constitu-
tion to enact the accompanying bill or 
joint resolution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:13 May 15, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00038
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\L14MY7.100
H14MYPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 37-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H2357 
May 14, 2021 
By Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi: 
H.R. 3233. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. DUNN: 
H.R. 3234. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. OWENS: 
H.R. 3235. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Ms. SALAZAR: 
H.R. 3236. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8 
By Ms. DELAURO: 
H.R. 3237. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The principal constitutional authority for 
this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of ar-
ticle I of the Constitution of the United 
States (the appropriation power), which 
states: 
‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treas-
ury, but in Consequence of Appropriations 
made by Law . . . .’’ 
In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article 
I of the Constitution (the spending power) 
provides: 
‘‘The Congress shall have the Power . . . to 
pay the Debts and provide for the common 
Defence and general Welfare of the United 
States . . . ’’ 
Together, these specific constitutional pro-
visions establish the congressional power of 
the purse, granting Congress the authority 
to appropriate funds, to determine their pur-
pose, amount, and period of availability, and 
to set forth terms and conditions governing 
their use. 
By Ms. ESCOBAR: 
H.R. 3238. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Constitutional Authority—Necessary and 
Proper Clause (Art. I, Sec. 8, Clause 18) 
THE U.S. CONSTITUTION 
ARTICLE I, SECTION 8: POWERS OF 
CONGRESS 
CLAUSE 18 
The Congress shall have power . . . To 
make all laws which shall be necessary and 
proper for carrying into execution the fore-
going powers, and all other powers vested by 
this Constitution in the government of the 
United States, or in any department or offi-
cer thereof. 
By Mr. FITZGERALD: 
H.R. 3239. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, clause 18. 
By Mr. AMODEI: 
H.R. 3240. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
bill rests is the power of Congress to provide 
for the common defense and general welfare 
of the United States enumerated in Article I, 
Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Con-
stitution. 
By Ms. BUSH: 
H.R. 3241. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, section 1 of the Constitution 
By Mr. BLUMENAUER: 
H.R. 3242. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. CLEAVER: 
H.R. 3243. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I of the U.S. Constitution 
By Mr. CROW: 
H.R. 3244. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuan to the following: 
Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
Constitution 
By Ms. ESCOBAR: 
H.R. 3245. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8. 
By Mr. GARCI´A of Illinois: 
H.R. 3246. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8 
By Ms. GARCIA of Texas: 
H.R. 3247. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, 
to pay the Debts and provide for the common 
Defence and general Welfare of the United 
States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises 
shall be uniform throughout the United 
States;’’ 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. GUEST: 
H.R. 3248. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. HICE of Georgia: 
H.R. 3249. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 9, Clause 7 and Article I, 
Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution of the 
United States, which together establish the 
congressional power of the purse, granting 
Congress the authority to appropriate funds, 
to determine their purpose, amount, and pe-
riod of availability, and to set forth terms 
and conditions governing their use; and, Ar-
ticle I, Section 8, clause 18 of the United 
States Constitution, which grants the Con-
gress authority ‘‘to make all Laws which 
shall be necessary and proper for carrying 
into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all 
other Powers vested by this Constitution in 
the Government of the United States, or in 
any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
By Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH: 
H.R. 3250. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for 
carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-
ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-
stitution in the Government of the United 
States, or in any Department or Officer 
thereof. 
By Ms. KUSTER: 
H.R. 3251. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution, the Taxing and Spend-
ing Clause: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power 
To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts 
and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for 
the common Defense and general Welfare of 
the United States . . . ’’ 
By Mr. LAMB: 
H.R. 3252. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Mrs. LESKO: 
H.R. 3253. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. 
Constitution 
By Mr. LOUDERMILK: 
H.R. 3254. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. NORCROSS: 
H.R. 3255. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. PERRY: 
H.R. 3256. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section VIII of the United States 
Constitution 
By Mr. SCHRADER: 
H.R. 3257. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
U.S. Const. art. 1, § 1; and 
U.S. Const. art. 1, § 8, cl. 18. 
By Ms. SEWELL: 
H.R. 3258. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion. 
By Ms. SEWELL: 
H.R. 3259. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion. 
By Mr. SHERMAN: 
H.R. 3260. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The power granted to Congress under Arti-
cle I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the 
United States Constitution. 
By Ms. SPANBERGER: 
H.R. 3261. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article l, Section 8 
By Mr. UPTON: 
H.R. 3262. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: To regulate 
commerce with foreign nations, and among 
the several states 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-
tions, as follows: 
H.R. 3: Mr. DESAULNIER, Ms. WILD, Mr. 
LARSEN
of Washington, Ms. SLOTKIN, Ms. 
CRAIG, Mr. CASTEN, and Mr. COOPER. 
H.R. 58: Mr. BISHOP of North Carolina. 
H.R. 82: Ms. DEAN. 
H.R. 204: Ms. BONAMICI, Ms. ROSS, Mr. 
PERLMUTTER, and Mr. KILDEE. 
H.R. 210: Mrs. AXNE, Ms. ROSS, Mr. COMER, 
Miss GONZA´ LEZ-COLO´ N, Mr. FEENSTRA, and 
Mr. KILDEE. 
H.R. 310: Mr. ARRINGTON. 
H.R. 377: Mr. JACKSON. 
H.R. 378: Mr. BUCSHON and Mr. JACKSON. 
H.R. 503: Ms. WILLIAMS of Georgia. 
H.R. 571: Mr. RUPPERSBERGER
and Mr. 
AUCHINCLOSS. 
H.R. 669: Ms. MOORE of Wisconsin. 
H.R. 787: Mrs. LESKO. 
H.R. 815: Mr. SIRES, Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD, 
and Ms. MATSUI. 
H.R. 825: Mr. LYNCH, Mr. CONNOLLY, Mr. 
DESAULNIER, and Mr. CARSON. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:07 May 15, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00039
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.035
H14MYPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 38-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H2358 
May 14, 2021 
H.R. 859: Mr. GOOD of Virginia and Mr. DA-
VIDSON. 
H.R. 921: Ms. JACOBS of California. 
H.R. 959: Mrs. KIRKPATRICK. 
H.R. 1011: Mrs. MILLER-MEEKS. 
H.R. 1018: Mr. RYAN. 
H.R. 1022: Mr. HARDER of California and Mr. 
REED. 
H.R. 1057: Mr. GUEST, Mrs. MILLER-MEEKS, 
and Mr. STAUBER. 
H.R. 1068: Mr. COHEN. 
H.R. 1179: Mr. BISHOP of North Carolina and 
Mr. KIM of New Jersey. 
H.R. 1193: Mr. SESSIONS, Mr. HARDER of 
California, Mr. DELGADO, Mr. GRAVES of Mis-
souri, Mr. VELA, Mrs. KIM of California, Mr. 
HUDSON, and Ms. CRAIG. 
H.R. 1210: Mr. AMODEI. 
H.R. 1238: Mrs. HAYES, Mr. CARSON, and Mr. 
MCGOVERN. 
H.R. 1255: Mrs. KIM
of California, Mr. 
LYNCH, Ms. PINGREE, Mr. NORCROSS, and Mr. 
YARMUTH. 
H.R. 1297: Mr. LAMALFA. 
H.R. 1346: Ms. KUSTER, Mrs. KIM of Cali-
fornia, and Mrs. STEEL. 
H.R. 1352: Mr. EVANS and Mr. CROW. 
H.R. 1447: Ms. JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. PAL-
LONE, Mrs. RADEWAGEN, Mr. TONKO, Ms. NEW-
MAN, Mr. KILMER, Mr. SABLAN, Mr. KILDEE, 
and Ms. ROSS. 
H.R. 1455: Ms. TITUS, Mr. CICILLINE, Mr. 
GREEN
of Texas, Ms. DELAURO, Mr. BLU-
MENAUER, and Ms. WILLIAMS of Georgia. 
H.R. 1488: Ms. SPANBERGER. 
H.R. 1551: Ms. NORTON and Mr. TRONE. 
H.R. 1614: Ms. NORTON, Mrs. WATSON COLE-
MAN, and Ms. VELA´ ZQUEZ. 
H.R. 1693: Ms. TLAIB and Mr. RASKIN. 
H.R. 1699: Mr. BURGESS. 
H.R. 1730: Ms. WILD. 
H.R. 1745: Mr. MEUSER, Mr. CLINE, Mr. 
GARBARINO, Mr. HUIZENGA, Mr. HERN, Mr. 
FEENSTRA, Mr. TIMMONS, Mr. KIND, Mrs. 
LESKO, and Ms. KELLY of Illinois. 
H.R. 1819: Mr. BROWN. 
H.R. 1842: Ms. WILLIAMS of Georgia. 
H.R. 1863: Mr. SIRES. 
H.R. 1884: Mr. KAHELE. 
H.R. 1916: Ms. LEGER
FERNANDEZ, Mr. 
CA´ RDENAS, Mrs. TORRES of California, Mr. 
CARTWRIGHT, Mr. AMODEI, Mr. CORREA, Mr. 
HIMES, Mr. STEIL, Ms. KUSTER, Mr. HOL-
LINGSWORTH, Mr. QUIGLEY, Ms. DELAURO, Ms. 
KAPTUR, and Mr. CASTEN. 
H.R. 1931: Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER and Mr. 
KIM of New Jersey. 
H.R. 1960: Ms. LOIS FRANKEL of Florida, Mr. 
DEUTCH, and Mr. SOTO. 
H.R. 1966: Mr. SABLAN. 
H.R. 1986: Mr. GALLEGO. 
H.R. 2027: Mr. CASE, Ms. ROSS, and Mr. KIL-
DEE. 
H.R. 2028: Mr. CA´ RDENAS, Mr. NADLER, and 
Mr. LIEU. 
H.R. 2030: Mr. TRONE, Mr. GALLAGHER, Mr. 
CUELLAR, Mr. CAWTHORN, Mr. SABLAN, and 
Mr. LAHOOD. 
H.R. 2033: Mr. CICILLINE. 
H.R. 2085: Mr. PAPPAS. 
H.R. 2096: Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. 
TAKANO, and Mr. LOWENTHAL. 
H.R. 2138: Mr. FITZPATRICK. 
H.R. 2143: Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania, Ms. 
KAPTUR, Mr. FITZPATRICK, Mrs. BEATTY, Mr. 
KIM of New Jersey, Ms. SEWELL, Mr. GARCI´A 
of Illinois, Mr. COURTNEY, Mr. MFUME, Ms. 
OMAR, Mr. SWALWELL, Mr. LAHOOD, Mrs. 
WALORSKI, Mr. STIVERS, Mr. LARSON of Con-
necticut, and Mr. GONZALEZ of Ohio. 
H.R. 2198: Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Ms. 
SCANLON, Ms. JACOBS of California, and Ms. 
BONAMICI. 
H.R. 2225: Mr. CASE, Ms. BONAMICI, Ms. 
WILD, Ms. JACKSON
LEE, and Mr. PERL-
MUTTER. 
H.R. 2229: Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. 
H.R. 2258: Mr. DIAZ-BALART. 
H.R. 2329: Mr. FITZPATRICK. 
H.R. 2347: Ms. MANNING and Ms. DAVIDS of 
Kansas. 
H.R. 2480: Mr. VELA. 
H.R. 2517: Mr. O’HALLERAN. 
H.R. 2533: Mr. KILDEE. 
H.R. 2558: Mrs. LESKO, Mr. GOODEN
of 
Texas, Mr. MOORE of Alabama, Mr. BROOKS, 
Mr. COMER, Mr. NEWHOUSE, and Mr. HUDSON. 
H.R. 2575: Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 2586: Mr. GALLEGO, Mr. MCKINLEY, Mr. 
WELCH, Mr. CARBAJAL, Mr. CICILLINE, and 
Mr. HARDER of California. 
H.R. 2598: Mr. DESAULNIER. 
H.R. 2637: Mrs. MILLER-MEEKS. 
H.R. 2639: Mrs. WALORSKI. 
H.R. 2654: Ms. SA´ NCHEZ, Mr. ARMSTRONG, 
Mr. COMER, and Mr. MASSIE. 
H.R. 
2695: 
Ms. 
ROSS, 
Ms. 
WILD, 
Ms. 
HOULAHAN, 
Miss 
GONZA´ LEZ-COLO´ N, 
Ms. 
BONAMICI, Mr. KILDEE, Mr. PERLMUTTER, and 
Mr. SHERMAN. 
H.R. 2794: Mr. WELCH, Ms. NEWMAN, Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO, Ms. JACKSON
LEE, and Mr. 
RUSH. 
H.R. 2811: Mrs. BEATTY. 
H.R. 2840: Mr. LANGEVIN. 
H.R. 2920: Mr. CA´ RDENAS and Mr. VARGAS. 
H.R. 2962: Ms. FOXX. 
H.R. 2998: Mr. CA´ RDENAS, Mr. DANNY K. 
DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. COHEN, Mr. COOPER, Ms. 
TLAIB, Mr. ESPAILLAT, and Mr. JONES. 
H.R. 3012: Mr. WILSON of South Carolina, 
Mr. 
JACKSON, 
Mr. 
ARMSTRONG, 
Mrs. 
CAMMACK, and Mr. MEUSER. 
H.R. 3063: Ms. OMAR and Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. 
H.R. 3080: Mr. DUNCAN, Mr. JACKSON, and 
Mr. ALLEN. 
H.R. 3088: Mr. CROW, Mr. CASE, Ms. 
DEGETTE, and Ms. NEWMAN. 
H.R. 3090: Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York. 
H.R. 3098: Mr. HERN and Mrs. FISCHBACH. 
H.R. 3101: Mr. EMMER. 
H.R. 3104: Mr. MOONEY, Mr. MOORE of Ala-
bama, and Mr. BISHOP of North Carolina. 
H.R. 3105: Mr. PERLMUTTER. 
H.R. 3114: Mr. POCAN and Ms. BARRAGA´ N. 
H.R. 3126: Ms. PINGREE and Mr. SIRES. 
H.R. 3134: Mr. GOHMERT and Mr. DAVIDSON. 
H.R. 3135: Mrs. AXNE, Mr. BRENDAN
F. 
BOYLE
of Pennsylvania, Mr. CASTEN, Mr. 
COHEN, Mr. CONNOLLY, Mr. DEFAZIO, Ms. 
DEGETTE, Ms. KAPTUR, Mr. KILMER, Mr. NAD-
LER, Mrs. NAPOLITANO, Mr. PAPPAS, Ms. POR-
TER, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY, Mr. SIRES, Ms. TITUS, 
and Ms. VELA´ ZQUEZ. 
H.R. 3136: Mr. GOSAR. 
H.R. 3137: Mr. MCHENRY and Mr. BISHOP of 
North Carolina. 
H.R. 3140: Mrs. BOEBERT. 
H.R. 3148: Mr. GOHMERT. 
H.R. 3155: Mrs. HINSON and Ms. PORTER. 
H.R. 3179: Mr. GOHMERT and Mr. DAVIDSON. 
H.R. 3202: Mr. SESSIONS. 
H.R. 3217: Mr. GOSAR. 
H. J. Res. 11: Mr. DUNN. 
H. Con. Res. 33: Mrs. WALORSKI, Mr. COURT-
NEY, Mr. JOHNSON
of South Dakota, Mr. 
TIMMONS, Mr. STAUBER, Mr. PERRY, Mr. 
GUTHRIE, Mr. NORMAN, Mr. THOMPSON
of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. GOTTHEIMER, Mr. LUETKE-
MEYER, Miss GONZA´ LEZ-COLO´ N, Mr. SCHNEI-
DER, Mr. KEATING, Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana, 
Mr. GONZALEZ of Ohio, Mr. ROGERS of Ala-
bama, and Mr. GALLAGHER. 
H. Res. 47: Mr. SAN NICOLAS. 
H. Res. 145: Mr. DESAULNIER. 
H. Res. 160: Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. 
H. Res. 275: Ms. HOULAHAN, Ms. WEXTON, 
Mr. AGUILAR, Mr. MALINOWSKI, Mr. KEATING, 
Mr. JONES, Mrs. DEMINGS, Ms. PORTER, Mr. 
PANETTA, Mr. COSTA, Mr. SARBANES, Mr. 
SOTO, and Mr. CASE. 
H. Res. 283: Mr. JACOBS of New York. 
H. Res. 329: Ms. TENNEY, Mr. FITZGERALD, 
Mr. JACKSON, Mr. CLINE, Mr. DUNN, and Mr. 
CHABOT. 
H. Res. 352: Mr. EMMER, Mrs. MILLER of 
West Virginia, and Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. 
H. Res. 368: Mr. CASE, Mrs. NAPOLITANO, 
Ms. BASS, Mr. SABLAN, Ms. PINGREE, and Mr. 
DEFAZIO. 
H. Res. 386: Mrs. SPARTZ. 
H. Res. 392: Mr. CASE. 
H. Res. 394: Mr. DUNCAN, Mr. BENTZ, Mrs. 
HARSHBARGER, Ms. SALAZAR, Mr. CLYDE, and 
Mr. HUDSON. 
H. Res. 396: Mr. GOOD of Virginia, Mr. 
WESTERMAN, Mr. HERN, Mr. GIMENEZ, and Mr. 
LATURNER. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-
ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-
ITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or 
statements on congressional earmarks, 
limited tax benefits, or limited tariff 
benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BY MS. DELAURO 
H.R. 3237, making emergency supplemental 
appropriations for the fiscal year ending 
September 30, 2021, and for other purposes, 
does not contain any congressional earmark, 
limited tax benefits, or limited tariff bene-
fits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
f 
DISCHARGE PETITIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XV, the fol-
lowing discharge petition was filed: 
Petition 4, May 11, 2021, by Mr. PERRY on 
House Resolution 160, was signed by the fol-
lowing Members: Mr. Perry, Mr. Babin, Mr. 
Posey, Mrs. McClain, Mr. Roy, Mr. Steube, 
Mr. Jackson, Mrs. Boebert, Mr. Budd, Mr. 
LaMalfa, and Mrs. Cammack. 
f 
DISCHARGE PETITIONS— 
ADDITIONS AND WITHDRAWALS 
The following Members added their 
names to the following discharge peti-
tions: 
Petition 1 by Mrs. CAMMACK on House 
Resolution 274: Ms. Stefanik, and Mr. Wilson 
of South Carolina. 
Petition 2 by Mr. ROY on House Resolution 
216: Mr. Wilson of South Carolina, Mrs. 
McClain, Mr. Feenstra, and Mr. Clyde. 
Petition 3 by Mr. ROY on House Resolution 
292: Mr. Budd, Mr. Bishop of North Carolina, 
Mr. Babin, Mr. Posey, Mrs. McClain, Mr. 
Gosar, Mr. Emmer, Mr. Higgins of Louisiana, 
Mrs. Greene of Georgia, Mr. Clyde, Mr. 
Massie, Mr. Mooney, Mr. Gohmert, Mr. Arm-
strong, Mr. Lamborn, Mr. Westerman, Mr. 
Carl, Mr. Gibbs, Mr. Carter of Georgia, Mr. 
Fallon, Mr. Hudson, and Mr. Allen. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:07 May 15, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00040
Fmt 0636
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A14MY7.038
H14MYPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 39-
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E521 
May 14, 2021 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK 
SPEECH OF 
HON. NANCY PELOSI 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Wednesday, May 12, 2021 
Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, with great solem-
nity and prayerfulness, I rise to join my col-
leagues in recognition of National Police 
Week: observed by this Congress and Country 
for nearly sixty years. 
Thank you, Rep. VAL DEMINGS, former Or-
lando Police Department Chief, a police officer 
for nearly 30 years, for providing us with this 
opportunity. 
This week, we honor the thousands of he-
roes who don the uniform each day, as they 
honor their patriotic pledge to defend our De-
mocracy. 
They do so often in the face of grave dan-
ger—including 
the 
coronavirus 
pandemic, 
which has forced many to risk their lives as 
they work to save the lives of others. 
We especially salute our U.S. Capitol Police 
heroes, including those who lost their lives in 
defense of the Capitol. 
Following the January 6 assault, they have 
met horror with heroism; agony with action. 
We are awed by their resilience and grateful 
for their courage. 
As President Biden wrote in his Proclama-
tion on Peace Officers Memorial Day and Po-
lice Week: ‘‘Every morning, our Nation’s law 
enforcement officers pin on a badge and go to 
work, not knowing what the day will bring, and 
hoping to come home safely.’’ 
Solemnly, we honor the sacrifice of those 
who did not ‘‘come home safely.’’ 
Today—and always—we pay tribute to our 
fallen officers, including the 394 officers added 
to the National Law Enforcement Officers Me-
morial this past year. Fourteen Californians re-
ceived this sad recognition. 
The service of each of these heroes re-
minds us of our duty: to build a future worthy 
of their sacrifice. 
May the memories of the fallen live always 
in our hearts, as a reminder of that responsi-
bility. And may it be a comfort to the families 
of the fallen that so many mourn with and pray 
for them. 
f 
HERB ATCHISON 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, May 14, 2021 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Herb Atchison, a former 
City Councilmember and Mayor of West-
minster, Colorado and a great Coloradan. 
Mayor Atchison has lived in Westminster for 
more than 40 years, during which time he has 
committed his time and energy into serving his 
community and local residents. Throughout his 
tenure serving the City of Westminster, Mayor 
Atchison held numerous positions on the City 
Council and on city government boards such 
as the Planning Commission and the City’s 
Special Permit and Licensing Board. Mayor 
Atchison was first elected to City Council in 
1997 where he served two terms and came 
back for a third term in 2011. He was elected 
Mayor in 2013 and proceeded to serve two 
terms. As a Councilmember and Mayor, he 
was a strong advocate and champion for small 
business and transportation issues. 
In addition to his service to the Westminster 
community Mayor Atchison is a loving hus-
band and devoted father. He has been mar-
ried to his wife Erika for 50 years, is the proud 
father of two daughters, and a devoted grand-
father to five grandchildren. 
While our state has been blessed with capa-
ble leadership throughout its history, few rise 
to the caliber and reputation of Mayor Atch-
ison. I wish Mayor Atchison all the best in re-
tirement and send gratitude for his service to 
the Westminster community and the great 
State of Colorado. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. KEVIN BRADY 
OF TEXAS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, May 14, 2021 
Mr. BRADY. Madam Speaker, I am sorry I 
missed a vote, as I was unable to be present. 
Had I been present, I would have voted yea 
on Roll Call No. 139. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF WESLEY R. 
FUGATE, PH.D. 
HON. JOHN JOYCE 
OF PENNSYLVANIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, May 14, 2021 
Mr. JOYCE of Pennsylvania. Madam Speak-
er, I rise today to recognize Wesley R. Fugate, 
Ph.D. for his service as the 20th President of 
Wilson College in Chambersburg, Pennsyl-
vania. 
Since commencing in this leadership role in 
January of 2020, Dr. Fugate has overcome 
challenges stemming from the pandemic. His 
strategic planning process has resulted in the 
implementation of six new undergraduate ma-
jors, along with a new degree completion pro-
gram, a graduate program, and a new en-
dorsement and certification program. These 
offerings have provided a strategic boost to 
the academic offerings at Wilson College, and 
his hard work is paving the way for continued 
advancement. 
Prior to his work at Wilson College, Dr. 
Fugate served as the Vice President for Stu-
dent Affairs and Dean of Students, Vice Presi-
dent and Chief of Staff, Secretary of the Board 
of Trustees, and Interim Vice President for 
Employment Management at Randolph Col-
lege. He also served as the Deputy Chief of 
Staff for Planning and Education Policy to the 
Governor of Kentucky. As a community leader, 
Dr. Fugate has demonstrated great dedication 
and participation in local civic organizations. In 
our region, he has served on a number of 
leadership 
boards, 
including 
the 
Greater 
Chambersburg Chamber of Commerce. 
Dr. Fugate earned his doctorate in higher 
education from the University of Georgia’s In-
stitute of Higher Education. He received his 
master’s degree from Vanderbilt University 
and his bachelor’s degree from Centre Col-
lege. In recognition of his outstanding achieve-
ments, Dr. Fugate has received many awards, 
including the Alice L. Beeman Research 
Award in Communications and Marketing for 
Educational Advancement for an Outstanding 
Doctoral Dissertation from the Council for the 
Advancement and Support of Education. 
As a leader, Dr. Fugate is propelling a for-
ward-looking vision for Wilson College. It is my 
privilege to serve the students and academic 
community of Franklin County alongside him. 
I thank Dr. Fugate for his work in our commu-
nity, and I wish him every continued success. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF YONG 
AE YUE AND HONORING ELLIOTT 
AND ROBERT PETERSON 
HON. JUDY CHU 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, May 14, 2021 
Ms. CHU. Madam Speaker, I rise today to 
remember the life of Yong Ae Yue, and to 
honor her two sons, Elliott and Robert Peter-
son. Ms. Yue was one of eight people trag-
ically killed in the March 16th shootings at 
three spas in the Atlanta metropolitan area. 
Ms. Yue was raised an orphan in South 
Korea, where she met her former husband, 
Mac Peterson, who was in the U.S. Army. 
After having their first son, Elliott, in South 
Korea, the couple moved to the United States 
in the early 1980s and had their second son, 
Robert. Ms. Yue was determined to give her 
two children a promising and successful life in 
the United States, and she taught her sons 
the value and meaning of hard work. Given 
her sons’ multiracial background, she made 
sure they were proud of their Black and Asian 
identities, and helped them find strength in 
their heritage. According to her family, she 
was a selfless, compassionate, and generous 
woman who loved to sing karaoke and cook 
Korean food for her friends and family. She 
moved to the Atlanta area in 2001 to be closer 
to Robert and loved spending time with her 
children and grandchildren. 
I also want to honor Ms. Yue’s sons, who 
have raised awareness of the impact that vio-
lence against Asian Americans and Pacific Is-
landers has on families and communities. El-
liott bravely served our country in the U.S. 
Army for over 24 years. He recently retired in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:19 May 15, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A14MY8.001
E14MYPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 40-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E522 
May 14, 2021 
September and lives in Japan, where he trains 
U.S. soldiers in field exercises. And following 
Ms. Yue’s tragic passing, I traveled to Atlanta 
with several of my colleagues in the Congres-
sional Asian Pacific American Caucus to pay 
my respects. I was honored to meet Robert 
and discuss the wonderful life his mother 
lived. After speaking with Robert, I was 
pleased to invite him as my virtual guest to 
President Biden’s first address to a joint ses-
sion of Congress. It has been a privilege to 
hear Elliott and Robert tell their mother’s story 
and elevate the concerns that so many in the 
AAPI community have. 
Yong Ae Yue’s life was the embodiment of 
the American dream. She came to the United 
States with a determination to work hard and 
raise a family, and she passed along her 
strength and selflessness to her children and 
grandchildren. My thoughts are with Ms. Yue’s 
family and the many other families grieving 
from this tragic event. 
f 
HONORING CAPTAIN PAUL JACOBS 
HON. TOM McCLINTOCK 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, May 14, 2021 
Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to acknowledge the remarkable life story 
of an American hero, Captain Paul Jacobs 
who passed away this past December. Cap-
tain Paul Jacobs served six combat tours in 
Vietnam, though it was his last tour that for-
ever enshrined him as leading one of the U.S. 
Navy’s greatest humanitarian efforts. 
As U.S. forces began withdrawing from 
South Vietnam in late April 1975, Captain Ja-
cobs was then commanding the destroyer es-
cort USS Kirk off the coast of Vietnam. To es-
cape being captured by Communist North Vi-
etnamese forces, South Vietnam helicopters 
loaded with refugees swarmed out toward the 
U.S. fleet. After hearing rumors that any South 
Vietnamese pilot captured by the North Viet-
namese would be tortured, mutilated, and im-
prisoned, while their families would be made 
outcasts or worse, they fled desperately trying 
to escape that fate. 
Upon realizing this, Captain Jacobs offered 
his ship as a safe haven for the South Viet-
namese refugees. Helicopters began arriving 
and all hands aboard the Kirk—including Cap-
tain Jacobs—pushed unloaded helicopters 
over the side to make room for incoming ones. 
In all, 12 helicopters, packed with refugees, 
had landed on one of the Navy’s smallest war-
ships. Captain Jacobs then transformed the 
Kirk into a humanitarian aid station, providing 
food, comfort, medical care, relief from a blaz-
ing sun and hope to the men, women and chil-
dren they’d rescued. It is no exaggeration to 
credit Captain Jacobs’ steadfast leadership in 
the face of such hardship for saving the lives 
of those 30,000–plus Vietnamese sailors and 
refugees. 
The United States Navy has a proud tradi-
tion of courageous, competent, indefatigable, 
and independent ship captains, who fear not 
what lies over the horizon, and who earn the 
respect and fidelity of their crews through their 
fair and steadfast leadership. Such will be 
Captain Paul Jacobs’ legacy. In California’s 
Fourth Congressional District and in Captain 
Jacob’s childhood hometown in Maine, we 
share profound grief over his passing. 
And so today, I rise to bid Captain Paul Ja-
cobs—the United States Navy’s most revered 
humanitarian—farewell. May he always have 
fair winds and following seas. 
f 
CELEBRATE THE LIFE OF MS. 
ANITA IDICULLA 
HON. TED LIEU 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, May 14, 2021 
Mr. LIEU. Madam Speaker, I rise to cele-
brate the life of Ms. Anita Idiculla, who passed 
away on March 7, 2021 in Los Angeles, Cali-
fornia. She was a beloved daughter, sister and 
aunt and valued community member in West 
Los Angeles. 
Anita was born May 21, 1981, in Philadel-
phia, Pennsylvania, to Drs. Alexander and 
Anne A. Idiculla. She grew up in Philadelphia 
until moving to California in 1999 to attend 
Stanford University. She received her bach-
elor’s degree in 2003 and continued her edu-
cation, receiving her master’s degree in edu-
cation in 2004. Anita’s career began at Tollin/ 
Robins Productions and she spent several 
years working at notable companies such as 
Warner Brothers Entertainment, Inc., and 
Nickelodeon. 
While living in Los Angeles, Anita continued 
her education at the University of California, 
Los Angeles’ Anderson School of Manage-
ment and attended the London Business 
School International Exchange Program before 
receiving her MBA in 2013. After graduation, 
Anita joined Mattel Inc. as a Senior Marketing 
Manager for their Games Global Brand Team. 
Anita’s career was singularly focused on cre-
ating content and products that could be en-
joyed by children and families alike. She al-
lowed her passion for creativity and tenacity to 
flow freely which in turn brought joy to her 
family, friends, and colleagues. Anita’s spirit 
and aspirations were limitless, and from an 
early age, it was clear that she could achieve 
any goal she set her mind to. Her family and 
friends were her entire world, and her love of 
being a kid at heart never faded away. 
She was an active member of Bel-Air Pres-
byterian Church and dedicated years of serv-
ice to the church’s youth programs. Anita was 
a voracious reader and co-founded a literary 
society in 2007. She was an avid pop culture 
aficionado, karaoke legend, and a genius 
meme creator. She was a strong advocate for 
women’s rights and loved animals, with her fa-
vorites being unicorns and kittens. Anita spent 
every moment she could attending live music 
concerts and traveling the world. She was 
loved by so many people and touched so 
many lives with her thoughtful spirit and caring 
heart. Anita’s smile was infectious, and her 
loss will be felt by her friends, family, and the 
many communities she has affected. 
Anita is reunited for eternity with her father 
Dr. Alexander Idiculla who passed away in 
1982. She is survived by her mother, Anne; 
brothers, Rajiv and Anil; sister-in-law, Eliza-
beth (Loughran) and nephews, Alexander and 
Kellan. May her many contributions to her 
community, family and friends live on. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TOM O’HALLERAN 
OF ARIZONA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, May 14, 2021 
Mr. O’HALLERAN. Madam Speaker, unfor-
tunately, on May 13, 2021, I was unable to 
vote for H.R. 2877, the Behavioral Intervention 
Guidelines Act of 2021. Had I been present, I 
would have voted in favor of H.R. 2877. 
f 
IN 
HONOR 
OF 
THE 
EXTRAOR-
DINARY LIFE AND LEGACY OF 
C.T. MARTIN 
HON. NIKEMA WILLIAMS 
OF GEORGIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, May 14, 2021 
Ms. WILLIAMS of Georgia, Madam Speak-
er, I rise today to honor Councilman Emeritus 
C.T. Martin, known as the ‘Dean’ of the At-
lanta City Council, who passed away at the 
age of 84. For nearly 30 years, he served At-
lanta’s District 10 with distinction on the At-
lanta City Council, uplifting the voices of the 
Southwest Atlanta community. Throughout his 
life, Mr. Martin was a fearless leader for jus-
tice and steadfast ally for marginalized com-
munities. He served as Congressman John 
Lewis’ first campaign manager and played a 
vital role in advancing equality and justice for 
all Georgians. He was a dedicated member of 
Hoosier Memorial United Methodist Church, 
and is survived by his four children and five 
grandchildren. 
An Atlanta native, Mr. Martin was dedicated 
to giving back to his community from an early 
age. He attended Booker T. Washington High 
School and began his community activism as 
a member of the N.A.A.C.P, registering people 
to vote. After graduating from Shaw University 
with a Bachelor of Science degree with plans 
to become an educator, he attended Atlanta 
University where he earned a Master of 
Science degree and afterwards followed his 
calling for public service. 
A graduate of Leadership Atlanta, Mr. Martin 
had affiliations with numerous service organi-
zations. In 1972, he received a presidential 
appointment from the White House Domestic 
Policy Council. For more than 20 years, he 
served the National Scholarship Service for 
Negro Students and influenced college minor-
ity recruitment policy nationwide. During his 
public service career, he received over 350 
community service awards for outstanding 
service. 
A strong believer in sharing the wealth of 
his successes with the community, Mr. Martin 
was dedicated to bringing the voices of African 
Americans to the forefront of leadership in this 
country. As a civil rights foot soldier himself, 
Mr. Martin worked alongside Congressman 
John Lewis in his first run for Congress and 
mentored many rising Black leaders from 
Georgia, including his successor, City Council-
woman Andrea Boone. 
Elected to the Atlanta City Council in 1990, 
Mr. Martin was dedicated to improving the 
lives of ALL Georgians. He was a strong ad-
vocate for education, social services, senior 
citizen protection, voter rights, neighborhood 
preservation, and private enterprise. He fought 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:19 May 15, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A14MY8.005
E14MYPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 41-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E523 
May 14, 2021 
tirelessly to restore our neighborhoods and 
provide economic opportunity in our commu-
nities. 
Early on in his service on Atlanta City Coun-
cil, Mr. Martin was appointed by Mayor Bill 
Campbell to the Atlanta City Budget Commis-
sion. In 1994, he was selected by the Labor 
Coalition to travel to South Africa to work for 
political education following the release of Nel-
son Mandela. During his second and third 
terms in office, he held three key chairman-
ships—Human Resources, Public Safety, and 
Transportation. 
Mr. Martin was a bold visionary for the peo-
ple, spearheading projects such as the con-
struction of the Adamsville Natatorium and 
Community Center that completely trans-
formed the area and provided resources to our 
most marginalized communities. He created 
the Martin Luther King Jr. Drive Merchants As-
sociation, an initiative to foster economic op-
portunities and growth for Atlanta’s District 10 
and served on the Missing and Murdered Chil-
dren Task Force. Mr. Martin was also a board 
member for the West End Medical Center and 
chairman of the City of Atlanta Employee 
Credit Union Board. 
His off-term work included serving as a con-
sultant on political campaigns and spear-
heading strategic planning activity and youth 
programming. He was elected by Georgia’s 
Democratic Party to serve as a delegate to 
elect the first Black President of the United 
States, Barack Obama, at the Democratic Na-
tional Convention in 2008 and 2012. 
Atlanta has lost one of its greatest native 
sons. On a personal level, I was proud to 
have earned his support, guidance, and en-
dorsement in my first campaign for public of-
fice. My thoughts and prayers are with his 
family and loved ones at this time. The entire 
city of Atlanta owes a debt of gratitude to C.T. 
Martin that we could never repay. May his 
memory serve as a guiding light for future 
generations of leaders in the fight for full 
equality. 
On behalf of Georgia’s 5th Congressional 
District, I ask my colleagues to join me in rec-
ognizing the extraordinary life and legacy of 
Councilman C.T. Martin, and his incredible 
contributions to the Atlanta community. 
f 
HONORING OFFICER CHRISTOPHER 
FARRAR 
HON. ANDY BIGGS 
OF ARIZONA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, May 14, 2021 
Mr. BIGGS. Madam Speaker, there is no 
greater love than to lay one’s life down for an-
other. 
Officer Christopher Farrar of Chandler, Ari-
zona exemplified that love when he was killed 
in the line of duty on April 30th of this year. 
Officer Farrar gave his life on behalf of his 
community and indeed, the entire State of Ari-
zona. By all accounts he was a great police 
officer who served his community every day. 
He leaves behind a grieving family and his 
fellow officers of the Chandler Police Depart-
ment. I thank his family and loved ones for 
their sacrifices and his. Our prayers are with 
you. 
We also join in prayer for Officer Rico 
Aranda, of the Gilbert, Arizona Police Depart-
ment who, alongside Officer Farrar, put his life 
on the line while responding to the same call 
on April 30. Although he was critically wound-
ed, he was fortunate enough to survive the at-
tempt on his life. We express our hope for a 
speedy and complete recovery for Officer 
Farrar. 
Both these men and their families will re-
main in our hearts. 
Serving in law enforcement takes a special 
kind of person. One who leaves the house 
each day knowing he may not return. Police 
officers all across this country have been 
vilified over the last year but I challenge you, 
Madame Speaker, to find a group of individ-
uals more noble, more selfless, and more in-
terested in serving their fellowman than police 
officers. 
Instead of the hyper-critique they have re-
ceived of recent times, they deserve the 
praise and admiration of this body. Police offi-
cers routinely face grave threats with great 
courage. 
Madam Speaker, over the last year we have 
seen Liberal organizations and leftist cities call 
for the defunding of our police. I urge elected 
officials and the American public to support 
those who keep our communities safe. Let’s 
increase our respect to our police force. Let’s 
increase our gratitude by giving a positive 
comment, a helping hand, or saying a prayer 
when you see those flashing red and blue 
lights on the way to an emergency. 
I am grateful to be participating in National 
Police Week so I may pay homage to the 
brave men and women who run towards dan-
ger when most retreat. We may never know 
the pressure and the courage it takes to wear 
the badge and don the uniform, but we can al-
ways show the respect and honor our police 
officers deserve. 
To those officers who demonstrated the 
greater love by making the greatest sacrifice 
we say, ‘‘Thank you.’’ We offer our grateful 
support to those they left behind. 
f 
CONGRATULATING EDWARD SISCO, 
SERVICE TO AMERICA MEDAL FI-
NALIST 
FROM 
MARYLAND’S 
FIFTH DISTRICT 
HON. STENY H. HOYER 
OF MARYLAND 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, May 14, 2021 
Mr. HOYER. Madam Speaker, I’m proud to 
represent more than 62,000 federal employ-
ees in Maryland’s Fifth District and to have 
long been an advocate for recognizing and 
celebrating the many contributions that federal 
civilian workers make to our country. That’s 
why I am always very excited to participate in 
marking Public Service Recognition Week, 
which is held each May. It is a moment to 
thank federal employees for their patriotism, 
their service, and the many essential roles 
they play in creating and delivering opportuni-
ties for the American people. 
Each year, the Partnership for Public Serv-
ice reviews hundreds of nominations sub-
mitted by federal workers and the Americans 
they serve of outstanding federal civilian em-
ployees for recognition in a number of cat-
egories. During Public Service Recognition 
Week, the organization unveils the list of final-
ists in each category, and it has named twen-
ty-nine finalists this year. The winners, includ-
ing Federal Employee of the Year, will be an-
nounced in the autumn. These Samuel J. 
Heyman Service to America Medals, named in 
memory of the founder of the Partnership for 
Public Service and a champion for those serv-
ing in government, are affectionately known as 
the ‘Sammies,’ and they are considered to be 
the government-service equivalent of the 
Academy Awards. 
I am proud to share with my colleagues that 
one of this year’s finalists in the ‘Emerging 
Leaders’ category is Edward Sisco from Mary-
land’s Fifth District. A research chemist at the 
Department of Commerce’s National Institute 
of Standards and Technology (NIST), Ed has 
already made an enormous impact even at 
only thirty-two years old. He developed a 
novel procedure for testing potentially toxic 
substances faster than thought possible, which 
has yielded tremendous benefits in forensic 
analysis and protection for law enforcement 
and forensic chemists testing drugs seized in 
raids. The Thermal Desorption Direct Analysis 
in Real Time Mass Spectrometry (TD-DART- 
MS) technique that he pioneered is already 
being deployed and is having a major impact 
on criminal justice and laboratory safety. 
Ed and many of his colleagues at NIST are 
among the thousands of outstanding federal 
employees who call Maryland’s Fifth District 
home, and I am proud to join in recognizing 
his work and his being chosen as a Service to 
America Medal finalist. I wish him all the best 
of luck in the competition, and I look forward 
to learning the winners in his category and all 
the others, as well as Federal Employee of the 
Year, this fall. While these awards recognize 
special contributions to our country that go 
above and beyond, I hope all of us who serve 
in the House will remember the contributions 
and hard work that 2.1 million federal employ-
ees perform every day in every state and in 
single one of our districts. Each and every one 
of them deserves our recognition and our grat-
itude. 
f 
HONORING TOMS RIVER FIRE DE-
PARTMENT NO. 1 ON ITS 125TH 
ANNIVERSARY 
HON. ANDY KIM 
OF NEW JERSEY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, May 14, 2021 
Mr. KIM of New Jersey. Madam Speaker, I 
rise today to congratulate Toms River Fire De-
partment No. 1 on its one hundred and twen-
ty-fifth anniversary. 
Beginning in 1896, the Toms River Fire De-
partment was founded with no budget or fire 
hydrant. Within two years, the town’s running 
water became operational and the Fire De-
partment was granted a $500 budget. Soon, 
when there was a fire, the firefighters were 
able to hook their hoses to Toms River’s one 
hydrant and push a hose cart across town to 
fight a fire. Through the Toms River Fire De-
partment’s work, they protected the residents 
of Toms River and saved countless lives. 
While the technology and tools available to 
the 
Toms 
River 
Fire 
Department 
have 
changed drastically in the past century and 
firetrucks have thankfully replaced fire carts, 
the mission and the work ethic of the Toms 
River Fire Department have not. For the past 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:19 May 15, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A14MY8.009
E14MYPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 42-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E524 
May 14, 2021 
one hundred and twenty-five years, the volun-
teer fire service has protected the grateful 
residents of Toms River. Hopefully, in one 
hundred years from today, another member of 
Congress representing Toms River will stand 
here on the floor of the House of Representa-
tives, honoring the Toms River Fire Depart-
ment No. 1’s noble work on their two hundred 
and twenty-fifth anniversary. 
On Toms River Fire Department No. 1’s an-
niversary, I extend my best wishes to all the 
firefighters, former firefighters and their fami-
lies of the Toms River community. 
f 
THE LONG-TERM PROBLEMS 
BETWEEN ISRAEL AND PALESTINE 
SPEECH OF 
HON. KATHLEEN M. RICE 
OF NEW YORK 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, May 13, 2021 
Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in strong support of the State of Israel. 
Hamas, a terrorist organization, is firing hun-
dreds of rockets and missiles indiscriminately 
at Israeli civilians. There is no moral justifica-
tion for these despicable attacks on innocent 
life. 
Israel has every right to defend itself and 
keep its citizens safe from these attacks 
I want to assure my constituents on Long Is-
land, and all friends of Israel, that the United 
States stands in staunch support of Israel and 
unequivocally condemns this Hamas terrorism. 
I pray for the innocent Israeli and Pales-
tinian civilians affected by this crisis. And I 
pray that a cease-fire can be reached. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF MR. 
JEFFREY SCOTT FRANKEL 
HON. TED LIEU 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, May 14, 2021 
Mr. LIEU. Madam Speaker, I rise to cele-
brate the life of Jeffrey Scott Frankel who 
passed away on April 3, 2021 in Los Angeles, 
California. Mr. Frankel was a dedicated com-
munity member on the Palos Verdes Penin-
sula in the South Bay of Los Angeles County, 
who left an indelible mark on the region as a 
dedicated father, volunteer and school board 
official. 
Mr. Frankel was born on November 24, 
1962 in London, Ontario, Canada and was 
raised in Baldwin, New York. He attended the 
State University of New York College at Buf-
falo and had a successful career as a mar-
keting consultant with King World Productions, 
SharkNinja and other notable brands. In re-
cent years, Mr. Frankel steered his career to-
wards education, scaling back his consultancy 
and working as an impassioned volunteer for 
the Palos Verdes Peninsula Unified School 
District. 
Jeffrey had an undying passion for advo-
cacy, service, and education, and displayed 
such interests as a member of the Palos 
Verdes Peninsula School District’s Parcel Tax 
Oversight Committee and the Superintendent 
Special Education Parent Advisory Group. Jef-
frey became interested in education policy as 
he supported his daughter, Jillian, who had 
special needs and was the light of his life. He 
sought to make a difference in her life along 
with other students. He made it his mission to 
ensure that every student, including those with 
special needs, reached their full potential. Mr. 
Frankel was elected to the Palos Verdes Pe-
ninsula School Board in November 2020 and 
was a shining example of a community partner 
who proudly assumed the role of a civic leader 
and change agent. 
Jeffrey loved the Grateful Dead and fast 
food gave him much delight. He has left an in-
delible mark on the Palos Verdes Peninsula 
Unified School District, the South Bay commu-
nity, and to all who knew him. He is survived 
by his mother, Gloria Frankel, his siblings, 
Karen Rozen and Mark Frankel, his niece 
Mindy, his nephews David, Louie, and Kevin, 
and his beloved daughter, Jillian. For all his 
success, he will forever be known as a man 
of generosity, humility, and kindness. May his 
memory be a blessing. 
f 
MAY 6 COMMEMORATION OF REP. 
JAMES BILBRAY ON 30TH ANNI-
VERSARY 
OF 
THE 
RED 
ROCK 
CANYON 
NATIONAL 
CONSERVA-
TION 
AREA 
ESTABLISHMENT 
ACT 
HON. DINA TITUS 
OF NEVADA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, May 14, 2021 
Ms. TITUS. Madam Speaker, I first want to 
thank the Bureau of Land Management and 
Friends of Red Rock Canyon for helping facili-
tate today’s event. I also want to thank our 
guests for joining me in commemorating the 
30th anniversary of the designation of Red 
Rock National Conservation Area. Although 
we were not able to celebrate on the date it 
was signed, November 16, because of 
COVID, I felt it was important to honor the 
man who introduced legislation to preserve 
Red Rock Canyon for future generations, Con-
gressman James Bilbray. 
Congressman Bilbray served as the Rep-
resentative for Nevada’s First District from 
1987–1995. In that role, he led the legislative 
effort to permanently protect more than 83,000 
acres of Red Rock Canyon. On November 16, 
1990, President George H.W. Bush signed 
Congressman Bilbray’s bill, H.R. 4559, The 
Red Rock Canyon National Conservation Area 
Establishment Act. In 1994, Congressman 
Bilbray successfully spearheaded an effort to 
expand the conservation area to more than 
176,000 acres to protect Joshua tree and 
desert tortoise habitat. H.R. 3050, The Red 
Rock Canyon National Conservation Area 
Boundary Expansion, was signed by President 
Bill Clinton in November of that year. 
Congressman Bilbray was ahead of his 
time. When he introduced legislation to protect 
Red Rock Canyon, the environmental move-
ment was just in its beginnings in Nevada. It 
wasn’t as easy or as popular to pass this kind 
of legislation, but he had the vision to know 
that this area was special and should be pre-
served for his grandchildren and future gen-
erations to enjoy. 
Saving this area from development was per-
sonal for the Congressman. A lifelong Ne-
vadan, he camped in the area as a Boy Scout 
and frequently visited it with his family on pic-
nics and hikes. Red Rock Canyon also holds 
significant cultural resources for the native 
Southern Paiute Tribe. Within the canyons 
exist rock walls with extensive petroglyphs, as 
well as indications of prehistoric inhabitation, 
such as shelter caves and agave roasting pits. 
The area is home to burros, bighorns, and 
desert tortoises, as well as unique flora. And 
in contrast to nearby Las Vegas, a town em-
phasizing entertainment and gaming, Red 
Rock offers respite and recreation of a dif-
ferent nature. It is because of Congressman 
Bilbray that Nevadans and visitors from 
around the globe can enjoy this unique desert 
landscape, the natural crown jewel of South-
ern Nevada. 
In honor of Congressman Bilbray’s public 
service, a new plaque will be installed at the 
entrance of the Red Rock Canyon Visitor Cen-
ter where over 2,000 people enter each day. 
We will see, know, and get to read about the 
incredible man who made this possible. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PETER A. DeFAZIO 
OF OREGON 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, May 14, 2021 
Mr. DEFAZIO. Madam Speaker, on May 11, 
2021, I was unavoidably detained and missed 
the day’s vote. Had I been present, I would 
have voted Yea on Roll Call Vote 134, on the 
Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass H.R. 
1629, the Fairness in Orphan Drug Exclusively 
Act. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MARTIN’S 
FAMOUS PASTRY SHOPPE 
HON. JOHN JOYCE 
OF PENNSYLVANIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, May 14, 2021 
Mr. JOYCE of Pennsylvania. Madam Speak-
er, I rise today to recognize Martin’s Famous 
Pastry Shoppe in Chambersburg, Pennsyl-
vania for its outstanding leadership and serv-
ice to our local community and beyond. 
Like many Pennsylvania businesses, Mar-
tin’s Famous Pastry Shoppe faced unprece-
dented challenges during the COVID–19 pan-
demic. Despite these obstacles, Martin’s con-
tinued its essential work to feed the American 
people and protect their workers’ livelihoods. 
Now led by President James ‘‘Jim’’ Martin, 
this family-owned company was first estab-
lished as a small bakery in 1968. Since then, 
it has expanded broadly in both market reach 
and workforce. Today, Martin’s Famous Pastry 
Shoppe employs hardworking Americans in 
Franklin County and around the country. 
Throughout its decades of service, Martin’s 
Famous Pastry Shoppe has maintained a 
clear focus on community outreach and sup-
port. Starting with founders Lloyd and Lois 
Martin, the organization has prioritized com-
munity focus. Each year, this company gives 
back to our Chambersburg community and 
supports charities in Pennsylvania and around 
the world. 
On behalf of the 13th District of Pennsyl-
vania, I am honored to recognize Martin’s Fa-
mous Pastry Shoppe for its incredible work 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:19 May 15, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00004
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A14MY8.012
E14MYPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 43-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E525 
May 14, 2021 
and legacy. It is my privilege to work along-
side Jim Martin and his team in our shared 
service to Franklin County, and I wish them 
continued success. 
f 
IN HONOR OF RICHARD ‘‘DICK’’ 
HAMILTON 
HON. ANN M. KUSTER 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, May 14, 2021 
Ms. KUSTER. Madam Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize Richard ‘‘Dick’’ Hamilton for his 
selfless work to honor the memory of our 
cherished state symbol, the Old Man of the 
Mountain. His granite resolve has led to this 
beautiful plaza where you stand today. 
Daniel Webster wrote, ‘‘Men hang out their 
signs indicative of their respective trades; 
shoemakers hang out a gigantic shoe, jewel-
ers a monster watch, and dentists hang out a 
gold tooth. Now, up in New Hampshire, God 
almighty has hung out a sign to show that 
here he makes men.’’ Dick Hamilton is one of 
those men. 
As we remember May 2, 2003, the day the 
Old Man gave up his perch on the side of 
Cannon Mountain, we also salute Dick and 
countless others who carry on the memory of 
the Old Man and what he means to the people 
of the Granite State. I take this time to honor 
Dick and keep the memory of the Old Man 
alive. 
f 
HONORING GARY NATIVE AND 
OSCAR WINNER MIA NEAL 
HON. FRANK J. MRVAN 
OF INDIANA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, May 14, 2021 
Mr. MRVAN. Madam Speaker, it is with 
great pleasure and admiration that I congratu-
late Gary, Indiana, native Mia Neal, and cele-
brate her noteworthy achievement of winning 
an Oscar at the 93rd Academy Awards cere-
mony on April 25, 2021. Presented with the 
Oscar for Best Makeup and Hairstyling for her 
work in the film Ma Rainey’s Black Bottom, 
Mia, along with Jamika Wilson, have become 
the first African American women to win in this 
category. For this historic and extraordinary 
accomplishment, Mia is worthy of the highest 
praise. 
Mia attended Horace Mann High School in 
Gary, where she participated in theater and 
was a member of the school’s talented dance 
troop. After graduating in 1997, Mia’s interest 
in hairstyling and makeup blossomed as she 
attended Merrillville Beauty College and Co-
lumbia College in Chicago before enrolling at 
Jackson State University in Jackson, Mis-
sissippi. After graduating from Jackson State 
University, Mia completed a Professional In-
ternship for Wigs and Makeup at the famed 
Juilliard School in New York City where she 
honed her craft. After completing her studies, 
Mia remained in New York and has amassed 
an impressive career in her field, designing 
hair and makeup for many stage productions 
and feature films. 
While Mia has certainly had a successful 
career, her greatest accomplishment is being 
a mother to her son, James G. Deacon. Mia 
is daughter of Dena Holland Neal, a longtime 
active community member in Gary and Pastor 
at Peace United Church in Merrillville, Indiana, 
and the sister of Nia and Thamian Neal, as 
well as the cherished aunt of DeWayne, Jor-
dan, and Karren. Mia’s grandparents, James 
and Dorothy Holland, also hold deep roots in 
Gary. James taught at Roosevelt High School 
for more than fifteen years and served as 
Gary’s first Deputy Mayor from 1976 to 1988. 
Madam Speaker, I ask that you and my dis-
tinguished colleagues join me in recognizing 
Mia Neal on her historic Oscar award and 
congratulate her for this outstanding accom-
plishment. She has made her family, the entire 
Gary community, and all of Northwest Indiana 
so very proud. 
f 
PREGNANT WORKERS FAIRNESS 
ACT 
HON. KATHY E. MANNING 
OF NORTH CAROLINA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, May 14, 2021 
Ms. MANNING. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to speak in favor of the Pregnant Work-
ers Fairness Act. As a working mother, this bill 
is very personal to me. 
When I was pregnant with my third child, I 
experienced premature labor and my doctor 
ordered me to be on bed rest for ten weeks. 
I was fortunate to work for an employer who 
allowed me to keep my job, work a reduced 
schedule from home, and continue earning my 
wages. 
After my daughter was born, I was still able 
to take my full maternity leave to care for her. 
Once I returned to the office, I continued to 
work for that same firm for many years, in part 
because of the accommodations that were 
made for me during my pregnancy. 
This is an experience that should not be 
unique to me. 
The Pregnant Workers’ Fairness Act will en-
sure that every person who needs reasonable 
accommodations during pregnancy will be 
given those accommodations so they can con-
tinue to support their family and contribute to 
their workplace. 
I am proud to cast my vote in favor of the 
Pregnant Workers Fairness Act and I urge my 
colleagues to join me. 
Madam Speaker, I also include in the 
RECORD a letter from the National Education 
Association. 
MAY 11, 2021. 
Hon. ROBERT C. SCOTT, 
House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR CONGRESSMAN SCOTT: On behalf of 
our 3 million members and the 50 million 
students they serve, we urge you to vote 
YES on the Pregnant Workers Fairness Act 
(H.R. 1065). Votes on this issue may be in-
cluded in the NEA Report Card for the 117th 
Congress. 
More than three-quarters of women—half 
the American workforce and nearly 80 per-
cent of educators—will be pregnant and em-
ployed at some point in their lives. Women 
are important breadwinners in their fami-
lies, yet all too often, pregnant women are 
pushed out of their jobs or forced to risk 
their health to continue earning a paycheck. 
The Pregnant Workers Fairness Act of 2021 
would help by: 
Clarifying existing laws and creating a uni-
form national standard for reasonable ac-
commodations for pregnancy, childbirth, and 
related conditions; 
Providing reasonable accommodations to 
pregnant women to reduce health risks to 
them and their babies; 
Prohibiting employers from denying a 
pregnant worker employment opportunities 
or forcing the worker to take an accommo-
dation that she does not want or need; 
Prohibiting employers from forcing a preg-
nant worker to take leave when another rea-
sonable accommodation could keep her on 
the job; 
Requiring the U.S. Equal Employment Op-
portunity Commission to make rules imple-
menting the law, including a list of exem-
plary accommodations that should be pro-
vided unless they pose an undue hardship to 
employers; and 
Addressing this issue through a framework 
modeled after the Americans with Disabil-
ities Act. 
Every pregnant worker should be able to 
support her family, without risking the 
health either of herself or her unborn child. 
H.R. 1065 is crucial to bringing about fairness 
in the workplace for pregnant workers, and 
we urge you to vote YES. 
Sincerely, 
MARC EGAN, 
Director of Government Relations, 
National Education Association. 
f 
HONORING MARY MAGDALENE 
WHITEHEAD’S 106TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. ANDY KIM 
OF NEW JERSEY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, May 14, 2021 
Mr. KIM of New Jersey. Madam Speaker, I 
rise today to honor Mrs. Mary Magdalene 
Whitehead’s 106th birthday. Mrs. Whitehead is 
a loving mother, grandmother, great-grand-
mother and great-great-grandmother. 
Mrs. Whitehead is beloved by her commu-
nity, where she is known as ‘‘Big Mom’’ for her 
warmth, kindness, and wisdom that she offers 
children and parents alike. Mrs. Whitehead 
has babysat generations of children and 
served as a sounding board for scores of 
overwhelmed and grateful parents. It is clear 
to everyone that knows Mrs. Whitehead, that 
she has made the most of each of her one- 
hundred and six years. 
I wish her the best at achieving this mile-
stone. 
f 
HONORING JEFF MILLER AS 
IOWAN OF THE WEEK 
HON. CYNTHIA AXNE 
OF IOWA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, May 14, 2021 
Mrs. AXNE. Madam Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Jeff Miller, the retired West Des Moines 
police officer who is currently walking across 
the entire state of Iowa in honor of his sister 
Linda, who passed away from Alzheimer’s dis-
ease. 
Jeff has been hiking across the state for 
about a week now in the hopes of raising 
money and awareness for Alzheimer’s dis-
ease. He started his cross-state journey on 
Saturday the 24th in Akron and plans to follow 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:19 May 15, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00005
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A14MY8.017
E14MYPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 44-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E526 
May 14, 2021 
Highway 3 to Dubuque, which is approxi-
mately 325 miles east, documenting his jour-
ney via YouTube along the way. Jeff has been 
camping when he can, but the kindhearted 
people of Iowa have also opened their homes 
and sponsored hotel stays for Jeff so he can 
be well rested enough to resume his treks the 
next day. Jeff has also opened his walk to 
anyone who wishes to walk alongside him, if 
only for a mile or two. 
Jeff’s sister Linda was diagnosed with early 
on-set Alzheimer’s in 2012 and lost her battle 
five years later. According to Jeff’s page on 
the Walk to End Alzheimer’s website, Linda al-
ways referred to Jeff as her ‘‘bratty little broth-
er,’’ but you can’t doubt the closeness the two 
shared as he makes his way to the Mississippi 
River. 
Jeff is asking for donations to the Alz-
heimer’s Association in honor of Linda and 
those who have been affected by the disease. 
The Alzheimer’s Association provides care to 
all those facing Alzheimer’s. Their goals and 
missions are to drive research toward treat-
ment, prevention and, ultimately a cure, as 
well as speak up for the needs and rights of 
people affected by Alzheimer’s disease. 
Jeff’s goal with this hike is to raise aware-
ness and donations, but he also wishes for it 
to be a beacon of hope and understanding for 
people. He hopes it reminds Iowans to love 
their family and friends, and to hold each other 
as close as they can for as long as they can. 
It is incredibly honorable to use your voice 
to raise awareness for those who cannot al-
ways raise awareness for themselves, but ac-
tions sometimes speak louder than words. 
Jeff’s devotion to his family and to the cause 
are undoubtedly admirable, and we as Iowans 
will continue to cheer Jeff on in his mission to 
bring awareness to Alzheimer’s disease. It is 
my honor to recognize Jeff Miller as our Iowan 
of the Week. 
f 
VINYARD WIND OFFSHORE WIND 
PROJECT 
HON. ANDY HARRIS 
OF MARYLAND 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, May 14, 2021 
Mr. HARRIS. Madam Speaker, I rise today 
to include in the RECORD an article written by 
David Stevenson, the Director of the Center of 
Energy and Environmental Policy at the Cae-
sar Rodney Institute. This article summarizes 
many of the various concerns raised by mul-
tiple stakeholders with regard to current plans 
for offshore wind development on the United 
States’ Outer Continental Shelf. These con-
cerns are particularly timely in light of the 
Biden Administration’s approval of the Vine-
yard Wind Offshore Wind Project off the coast 
of Massachusetts earlier this week. 
For years I have sought to raise concerns 
with proposed offshore wind projects relating 
to commercial and recreational fisheries, navi-
gational safety, national security, natural re-
sources, environmental conservation and the 
impacts these massive projects have on local 
communities. Nonetheless, the Bureau of 
Ocean Energy Management has decided to 
move ahead with the approval of this project 
without adequately accommodating these con-
cerns. I fear that this project is a harbinger of 
what is to come and that in the not-so-distant 
future, much of our East Coast will be pocked 
by these large industrial projects to the det-
riment of all of the interests I have already 
mentioned. 
Madam Speaker, I urge my fellow members 
and the Biden administration to address these 
issues before it is too late to ensure the re-
sponsible development of our treasured coast-
al and marine resources. 
[From CRI News, May 4, 2021] 
OFFSHORE WIND TOO UGLY FOR THE HAMPTONS 
BUT OK FOR OTHER BEACH RESORTS? 
(By David T. Stevenson, Director Center for 
Energy & Environmental Policy) 
Officials in New York and the Federal Gov-
ernment determined that the proposed off-
shore wind turbine lease area off the Hamp-
tons is too close and ruins the serene ocean 
viewshed. They also noted it is a threat to 
navigation, fishing, and endangered marine 
mammals. 
The Fairway lease areas sit as close as 12 
miles off the Long Island coast near the 
Hamptons. 
In official comments to the US Bureau of 
Ocean Energy Management (BOEM) sub-
mitted July 30, 2018, New York suggested the 
wind turbines be no closer than 20 miles from 
shore. This recommendation was based upon 
an earlier study by BOEM that concluded 
that 
600-foot-high 
turbines 
produced 
a 
‘‘dominate impact ‘‘on the beach view 15 
miles offshore. 
Adjusting for the new 50% taller turbines, 
the suggested distance from the shore should 
be 30 miles. In Europe, the closest lease area 
for these jumbo turbines is 44 miles out. 
The New York decision begs the question 
of why lease areas from Maryland to Massa-
chusetts aren’t being rejected on the same 
merits. 
There are four proposed lease areas within 
20 miles of the islands of Martha’s Vineyard, 
Nantucket, and Block Island. Another four 
lease areas are off southern New Jersey, 
Delaware, and Ocean City, Maryland, which 
range between 10 and 13 miles off major 
beach resorts. 
Yet BOEM is about to approve the ‘‘Vine-
yard Wind’’ project just 14 miles from shore, 
establishing a precedent likely to influence 
federal decisions on all the other projects. 
Visibility is a small part of New York’s 
concerns. The State’s extensive outreach re-
vealed proposed lease areas posed a great 
concern to a high number of commercial and 
for-hire fishermen. 
The passage around or between wind farms 
could pose a safety risk for vessels attempt-
ing to maintain a course heading and could 
increase vessel costs, especially for the fish-
ing industry facing daily hazards and a po-
tential loss of fishing gear. 
The BOEM Final Environmental Impact 
Statement for the ‘‘Vineyard Wind’’ project 
concluded that the leases would have a 
major impact on Coast Guard Search and 
Rescue Operations. 
They also determined a major negative im-
pact on scientific studies used to determine 
the annual fishing limits for various species. 
Both impacts relate to the need to fly higher 
to find people in need of rescue and to make 
fish counts. 
There are other potential environmental 
impacts. 
There are only 356 endangered Northern 
Right Whales left, and they regularly visit 
many of the proposed lease areas. Recent ac-
cidental 
deaths 
were 
caused 
by 
vessel 
strikes, entanglements, and ocean noise, all 
of which will be worsened by offshore wind 
projects. 
Horseshoe crab blood is the only known 
substance for testing antigens in vaccine de-
velopment. The COVID–19 vaccine could not 
have been developed without it. The blood is 
harvested, and the crabs are returned to the 
sea. The crabs burrow into the sandy 
seafloor to hibernate for the winter, pri-
marily in a federal reserve off the New Jer-
sey, Delaware, and Maryland coast. 
Offshore wind projects, with acres of ce-
ment and rocks to prevent sand scouring, 
would land on top of the reserve, and electric 
cables and turbines will create noise and 
electromagnetic fields with an unknown im-
pact on the crabs. The crab’s eggs are crit-
ical food for migrating birds like the endan-
gered Red Knot. 
The problems discussed above are common 
to the eight lease areas located too close to 
shore. 
The Hamptons have some of the most ex-
pensive beachfront home values in the coun-
try. Many of those homes are owned by 
wealthy Manhattanites. One can only won-
der how much influence these wealthy folks 
had on the decision to shut down the Fair-
ways lease areas. 
What’s good enough for New Yorkers 
should be good enough for the rest of the 
East Coast. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF STUCKEY 
AUTOMOTIVE 
HON. JOHN JOYCE 
OF PENNSYLVANIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, May 14, 2021 
Mr. JOYCE of Pennsylvania. Madam Speak-
er, I rise today to recognize Stuckey Auto-
motive in Hollidaysburg, Pennsylvania for its 
commitment to the United States flag and our 
community. 
Since 1985, Stuckey Ford has proudly flown 
a 50-foot American flag. This patriotic display 
has become a hallmark of the Hollidaysburg 
landscape. 
This week, a flag-raising ceremony will mark 
the replacement of the original flagpole. I am 
proud to join the Stuckey Family and members 
of our community for this cherished event to 
witness the initial flag-raising. 
As we commemorate this transition, I thank 
Matt Stuckey, President of Stuckey Auto-
motive, and his team for their unwavering 
commitment to the flag. This longstanding tra-
dition is an important part of our community 
fabric, and it showcases Blair County’s great 
respect for our Nation’s flag. 
A leader in Blair County, Stuckey Auto-
motive is a key part of our community and 
local economy. First founded as Replogle 
Motor Company, its history began before 
World War II. Will and Barbara Stuckey 
bought the business, which was incorporated 
as Will Stuckey Ford in 1959. For decades, 
Stuckey Automotive has grown in both size 
and workforce. Today, with nearly 300 em-
ployees, this family-owned business remains 
committed to its mission of delivering exem-
plary service to Pennsylvanians. 
On behalf of the 13th District of Pennsyl-
vania, I am honored to recognize Stuckey 
Automotive for its incredible commitment to 
our community and our nation, and I look for-
ward to the continuation of this patriotic dis-
play. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:19 May 15, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00006
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A14MY8.022
E14MYPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 45-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E527 
May 14, 2021 
HONORING 
RABBI 
ROSALIN 
MANDELBERG FOR 25 YEARS OF 
SERVICE 
HON. ELAINE G. LURIA 
OF VIRGINIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, May 14, 2021 
Mrs. LURIA. Madam Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Rabbi Rosalin Mandelberg in celebra-
tion of her 25 years as an ordained Rabbi. 
Rabbi Mandelberg, also affectionately known 
as Rabbi Roz, serves as the Senior Rabbi of 
Ohef Sholom Temple in Norfolk, Virginia, 
where she has led the congregation for the 
last 16 years. Through her teachings, her rela-
tionships, and her dedication to faith, Rabbi 
Roz has instilled an enduring sense of com-
munity in the Hampton Roads area. 
Rabbi Roz was ordained on May 16, 1996, 
by the Hebrew Union College. Before joining 
Ohef Sholom Temple, Rabbi Roz served in 
the Baltimore Hebrew Congregation and West-
chester Reform Temple. In her 16 years at 
Ohef Sholom Temple, she has successfully 
engaged multiple generations within the Jew-
ish faith and has fostered a growing knowl-
edge and appreciation of Judaism within the 
broader community. Rabbi Roz has also em-
braced and demonstrated an understanding of 
faith-driven selflessness and compassion for 
others. 
I am thankful that Rabbi Roz has been such 
a powerful voice in our community for posi-
tivity. I am proud to join the Ohef Sholom 
Temple congregation and the Norfolk commu-
nity in congratulating Rabbi Roz upon 25 
years of service and leadership. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF RABBI 
MORLEY T. FEINSTEIN 
HON. TED LIEU 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, May 14, 2021 
Mr. LIEU. Madam Speaker, I rise to cele-
brate the life of Rabbi Morley T. Feinstein, 
who passed away on April 25, 2021 in Los 
Angeles, California. Rabbi Feinstein was a 
pilar in Southern California’s Jewish commu-
nity and worked tirelessly to serve the people 
of our region and to spread good will to all 
those who he had known. 
Rabbi Feinstein grew up in West Los Ange-
les, attended Beverly Hills High School, and 
graduated Phi Beta Kappa from the University 
of California, Berkeley in 1975. Driven to serve 
those in need, he was ordained in 1981 at He-
brew Union College-Jewish Institute of Reli-
gion in Cincinnati, Ohio. Rabbi Feinstein 
served as the assistant and then first asso-
ciate rabbi of Temple Beth-El in San Antonio, 
Texas from 1987 to 2002. Later, he took the 
role of Senior Rabbi of Temple Beth-El in 
South Bend, Indiana where he received the 
state’s highest citizen honor—the Sagamore of 
the Wabash—for his efforts to promote peace 
and justice. 
Later, Rabbi Feinstein served as a Senior 
Rabbinic Fellow of Jerusalem’s Shalom Hart-
man Institute where he was known for his love 
of music, fervor for learning, and zeal for the 
Torah. He taught at the summer camps at 
Union for Reform Judaism and Olin Sang 
Ruby Union Institute (OSRUI) for over thirty- 
four years. Rabbi Feinstein formally retired in 
2019, but his commitment to serving his com-
munity always remained steadfast. 
Rabbi Feinstein was affectionately referred 
to by his colleagues as a ‘‘Rabbi’s Rabbi.’’ He 
believed in the purity of the human spirit and 
appreciated the traditions of community build-
ing. He transcended faith and knew what it 
meant to be a steward of God and to those in 
need. 
Rabbi Feinstein’s impact will forever be re-
membered by those who loved him and to 
those he had a profound influence on. He is 
survived by his wife, Dr. Margarete Myers 
Feinstein, their twin daughters, Eliana and 
Renata, his first wife Nancy Lichtenstein, and 
their two sons, Aaron and Ari; and their three 
grandchildren; his brother Dr. Barney Feinstein 
and his sister, Sheila Merewitz. May his life be 
an honor and a blessing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:19 May 15, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00007
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A14MY8.025
E14MYPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 46-
D520 
Friday, May 14, 2021 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate was not in session and stands ad-
journed until 3 p.m., on Monday, May 17, 2021. 
Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 30 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 3233–3262; and 6 resolutions, H. 
Res. 397–402 were introduced.                  Pages H2355–56 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H2356–58 
Report Filed: A report was filed today as follows: 
H.R. 2167, to amend title 38, United States 
Code, to provide for extensions of the time limita-
tions for use of entitlement under Department of 
Veterans Affairs educational assistance programs by 
reason of school closures due to emergency and other 
situations, and for other purposes, with an amend-
ment (H. Rept. 117–34).                                      Page H2355 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein she 
appointed Representative Cuellar to act as Speaker 
pro tempore for today.                                            Page H2319 
Member Resignation: Read a letter from Rep-
resentative Stivers, wherein he resigned as Represent-
ative for the Fifteenth Congressional District of 
Ohio, effective May 16, 2021.                            Page H2321 
Pregnant Workers Fairness Act: The House 
passed H.R. 1065, to eliminate discrimination and 
promote women’s health and economic security by 
ensuring reasonable workplace accommodations for 
workers whose ability to perform the functions of a 
job are limited by pregnancy, childbirth, or a related 
medical condition, by a yea-and-nay vote of 315 yeas 
to 101 nays, Roll No. 143.                          Pages H2321–43 
Pursuant to the Rule, the amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee 
on Education and Labor now printed in the bill shall 
be considered as adopted.                                      Page H2321 
H. Res. 380, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 2547) and (H.R. 1065) was agreed 
to on Wednesday, May 12th. 
Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote de-
veloped during the proceedings of today and appears 
on page H2342. 
Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-
journed at 1:01 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
OPERATIONS IN CYBERSPACE AND 
BUILDING CYBER CAPABILITIES ACROSS 
THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Cyber, 
Innovative Technologies, and Information Systems 
held a hearing entitled ‘‘Operations in Cyberspace 
and Building Cyber Capabilities Across the Depart-
ment of Defense’’. Testimony was heard from Mieke 
Eoyangy, Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for 
Cyber Policy, Office of the Under Secretary of De-
fense for Policy, Department of Defense; and General 
Paul M. Nakasone, U.S. Army, Commander, U.S. 
Cyber Command and Director, National Security 
Agency, Department of Defense. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:43 May 15, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D14MY1.REC
D14MYPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 47-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
D521 
May 14, 2021 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, 
MAY 17, 2021 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to receive a closed brief-
ing on the challenges and opportunities for the United 
States in the Horn of Africa, 6 p.m., SVC–217. 
House 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 
1629, the ‘‘Fairness in Orphan Drug Exclusivity Act’’; 
and H. Res. 275, condemning the horrific shootings in 
Atlanta, Georgia, on March 16, 2021, and reaffirming the 
House of Representative’s commitment to combating 
hate, bigotry, and violence against the Asian-American 
and Pacific Islander community, 3 p.m., Webex. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:43 May 15, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D14MY1.REC
D14MYPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 48-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional Record
The Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each House
of Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, United
States Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶ Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶ To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO
63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶ Following
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶ With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record.
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.
U
N
U
M
E
P
LU
RI
B
U
S
D522 
May 14, 2021 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
3 p.m., Monday, May 17 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration 
of the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 1260, 
Endless Frontier Act, and vote on the motion to invoke 
cloture thereon at 5:30 p.m. 
Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
12 p.m., Monday, May 17 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Axne, Cynthia, Iowa, E525 
Biggs, Andy, Ariz., E523 
Brady, Kevin, Tex., E521 
Chu, Judy, Calif., E521 
DeFazio, Peter A., Ore., E524 
Harris, Andy, Md., E526 
Hoyer, Steny H., Md., E523 
Joyce, John, Pa., E521, E524, E526 
Kim, Andy, N.J., E523, E525 
Kuster, Ann M., N.H., E525 
Lieu, Ted, Calif., E522, E524, E527 
Luria, Elaine G., Va., E527 
Manning, Kathy E., N.C., E525 
McClintock, Tom, Calif., E522 
Mrvan, Frank J., Ind., E525 
O’Halleran, Tom, Ariz., E522 
Pelosi, Nancy, Calif., E521 
Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E521 
Rice, Kathleen M., N.Y., E524 
Titus, Dina, Nev., E524 
Williams, Nikema, Ga., E522 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:43 May 15, 2021
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 0664
Sfmt 0664
E:\CR\FM\D14MY1.REC
D14MYPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 49-
