Congressional Record
U
N
U
M
E
P
LU
RI
B
U
S
United States
of America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 116th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
b This symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b 1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.
H9149 
Vol. 166 
WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 24, 2020 
No. 219 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-
pore (Mrs. DINGELL). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-
nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON, DC, 
December 24, 2020. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable DEBBIE 
DINGELL to act as Speaker pro tempore on 
this day. 
NANCY PELOSI, 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Loving God, we give You thanks for 
giving us another day. 
Lord, on this day, Christmas Eve, 
You know there are many Americans 
who look to the people’s House as un-
certainty about the future of the econ-
omy and their livelihoods hangs in the 
balance. While agreements have been 
reached, further uncertainty has been 
introduced, 
causing 
frustration 
for 
many. 
We ask again that You bless the 
Members of the people’s House during 
such a stressful time. Help them to re-
main men and women of hope as they 
attend to their public service. 
Above all, may all who possess power 
here in the Nation’s capital be mindful 
of those whom they represent who pos-
sess little or no power and whose lives 
are made all the more difficult by a 
failure to work out serious differences. 
May all that is done be for Your 
greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 4(a) of House Resolution 
967, the Journal of the last day’s pro-
ceedings is approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentleman from Virginia (Mr. WITT-
MAN) come forward and lead the House 
in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. WITTMAN led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-
lic for which it stands, one nation under God, 
indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-
nication from the Clerk of the House of 
Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK, 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
Washington, DC, December 21, 2020. 
Hon. NANCY PELOSI, 
Speaker, House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR MADAM SPEAKER: Pursuant to the 
permission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II 
of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-
tives, the Clerk received the following mes-
sage from the Secretary of the Senate on De-
cember 21, 2020, at 11:08 p.m.: 
That the Senate passed S. 2429. 
That the Senate agrees to House of Rep-
resentatives amendment to Senate amend-
ment to the bill H.R. 1520. 
That the Senate agreed to without amend-
ment H. Con. Res. 128. 
That the Senate passed without amend-
ment H.R. 3250. 
That the Senate passed without amend-
ment H.R. 5126. 
That the Senate passed without amend-
ment H.R. 5472. 
With best wishes, I am, 
Sincerely, 
CHERYL L. JOHNSON, 
Clerk. 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-
nication from the Clerk of the House of 
Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK, 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
Washington, DC, December 22, 2020. 
Hon. NANCY PELOSI, 
Speaker, House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR MADAM SPEAKER: Pursuant to the 
permission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II 
of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-
tives, the Clerk received the following mes-
sage from the Secretary of the Senate on De-
cember 22, 2020, at 11:39 a.m.: 
That the Senate agrees to the House of 
Representatives amendment to the Senate 
amendment to the bill H.R. 133. 
That the Senate agreed to without amend-
ment H. Con. Res. 127. 
That the Senate passed with an amend-
ment H.R. 3153. 
That the Senate passed without amend-
ment H.R. 1418. 
That the Senate passed without amend-
ment H.R. 1492. 
That the Senate passed without amend-
ment H.R. 2502. 
Appointment: Independent Mexico Labor 
Expert Board. 
With best wishes, I am, 
Sincerely, 
CHERYL L. JOHNSON, 
Clerk. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 4 of rule I, the following 
bills were signed by Speaker Pro Tem-
pore Beyer on Monday, December 21, 
2020: 
H.R. 1240, to preserve United States 
fishing heritage through a national 
program dedicated to training and as-
sisting the next generation of commer-
cial fishermen; 
H.R. 1520, making further continuing 
appropriations for fiscal year 2021, and 
for other purposes; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:40 Dec 30, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A24DE7.000
H24DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 0-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H9150 
December 24, 2020 
H.R. 4031, to amend the Federal 
Water Pollution Control Act to reau-
thorize the Great Lakes Restoration 
Initiative, and for other purposes; 
H.R. 5458, to modify the boundary of 
the Rocky Mountain National Park, 
and for other purposes; 
H.R. 5852, to redesignate the Weir 
Farm National Historic Site in the 
State of Connecticut as the ‘‘Weir 
Farm National Historical Park’’; 
H.R. 6535, to deem an urban Indian 
organization and employees thereof to 
be a part of the Public Health Service 
for the purposes of certain claims for 
personal injury, and for other purposes; 
H.R. 7460, to extend the authority for 
the establishment by the Peace Corps 
Commemorative Foundation of a com-
memorative work to commemorate the 
mission of the Peace Corps and the 
ideals on which the Peace Corps was 
founded, and for other purposes. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-
nication from the Clerk of the House of 
Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK, 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
Washington, DC, December 23, 2020. 
Hon. NANCY PELOSI, 
Speaker, House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR MADAM SPEAKER: Pursuant to the 
permission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II 
of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-
tives, I have the honor to transmit a sealed 
envelope received from the White House on 
December 23, 2020 at 3:29 p.m., said to contain 
a message from the President returning, 
without his approval, H.R. 6395. 
With best wishes, I am, 
Sincerely, 
CHERYL L. JOHNSON, 
Clerk of the House. 
f 
WILLIAM M. (MAC) THORNBERRY 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-
TION 
ACT 
FOR 
FISCAL 
YEAR 
2021—VETO MESSAGE FROM THE 
PRESIDENT 
OF 
THE 
UNITED 
STATES (H. DOC. NO. 116–174) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following veto mes-
sage from the President of the United 
States: 
To the House of Representatives: 
I am returning, without my approval, 
H.R. 6395, the National Defense Author-
ization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (the 
‘‘Act’’). My Administration recognizes 
the importance of the Act to our na-
tional security. Unfortunately, the Act 
fails to include critical national secu-
rity measures, includes provisions that 
fail to respect our veterans and our 
military’s history, and contradicts ef-
forts by my Administration to put 
America first in our national security 
and foreign policy actions. It is a 
‘‘gift’’ to China and Russia. 
No one has worked harder, or ap-
proved more money for the military, 
than I have—over $2 trillion. During 
my 4 years, with the support of many 
others, we have almost entirely rebuilt 
the United States military, which was 
totally depleted when I took office. 
Your failure to terminate the very dan-
gerous national security risk of Sec-
tion 230 will make our intelligence vir-
tually impossible to conduct without 
everyone knowing what we are doing at 
every step. 
The Act fails even to make any 
meaningful changes to Section 230 of 
the Communications Decency Act, de-
spite bipartisan calls for repealing that 
provision. Section 230 facilitates the 
spread of foreign disinformation on-
line, which is a serious threat to our 
national security and election integ-
rity. It must be repealed. 
Additionally, the Act includes lan-
guage that would require the renaming 
of certain military installations. Over 
the course of United States history, 
these locations have taken on signifi-
cance to the American story and those 
who have helped write it that far tran-
scends their namesakes. My Adminis-
tration respects the legacy of the mil-
lions of American servicemen and 
women who have served with honor at 
these military bases, and who, from 
these locations, have fought, bled, and 
died for their country. From these fa-
cilities, we have won two World Wars. 
I have been clear in my opposition to 
politically motivated attempts like 
this to wash away history and to dis-
honor the immense progress our coun-
try has fought for in realizing our 
founding principles. 
The Act also restricts the President’s 
ability to preserve our Nation’s secu-
rity by arbitrarily limiting the amount 
of military construction funds that can 
be used to respond to a national emer-
gency. In a time when adversaries have 
the means to directly attack the home-
land, the President must be able to 
safeguard the American people without 
having to wait for congressional au-
thorization. The Act also contains an 
amendment that would slow down the 
rollout of nationwide 5G, especially in 
rural areas. 
Numerous provisions of the Act di-
rectly contradict my Administration’s 
foreign policy, particularly my efforts 
to bring our troops home. I oppose end-
less wars, as does the American public. 
Over bipartisan objections, however, 
this Act purports to restrict the Presi-
dent’s ability to withdraw troops from 
Afghanistan, 
Germany, 
and 
South 
Korea. Not only is this bad policy, but 
it is unconstitutional. Article II of the 
Constitution makes the President the 
Commander in Chief of the Army and 
Navy of the United States and vests in 
him the executive power. Therefore, 
the 
decision 
regarding 
how 
many 
troops to deploy and where, including 
in Afghanistan, Germany, and South 
Korea, rests with him. The Congress 
may not arrogate this authority to 
itself directly or indirectly as pur-
ported spending restrictions. 
For all of these reasons, I cannot sup-
port this bill. My Administration has 
taken strong actions to help keep our 
Nation safe and support our service 
members. I will not approve this bill, 
which would put the interests of the 
Washington, D.C. establishment over 
those of the American people. It is my 
duty to return H.R. 6395 to the House of 
Representatives without my approval. 
DONALD J. TRUMP.
THE WHITE HOUSE, December 23, 2020. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The ob-
jections of the President will be spread 
at large upon the Journal, and the veto 
message and the bill will be printed as 
a House document. 
Pursuant to section 4 of House Reso-
lution 1271, further consideration of the 
veto message and the bill will be post-
poned until Monday, December 28, 2020. 
f 
REQUEST TO CONSIDER H.R. 9047, 
CARING FOR AMERICANS WITH 
SUPPLEMENTAL HELP ACT OF 
2020 
Mr. HOYER. Madam Speaker, on be-
half of the Speaker of the House of 
Representatives and myself, and con-
sistent with the request of the Presi-
dent of the United States, I ask unani-
mous consent that the Committee on 
Ways and Means and the Committee on 
the Budget be discharged from further 
consideration of the bill, H.R. 9047, and 
ask for its immediate consideration in 
the House. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
guidelines consistently issued by suc-
cessive Speakers, as recorded in sec-
tion 956 of the House Rules and Man-
ual, the Chair is constrained not to en-
tertain the request unless it has been 
cleared by the bipartisan floor and 
committee leaderships. 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY 
Mr. HOYER. Madam Speaker, par-
liamentary inquiry. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman will state his parliamentary in-
quiry. 
Mr. HOYER. Can the Speaker inform 
us as to what that committee consists 
of? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Floor 
leadership in this context has been con-
strued to apply only to the minority 
leader, and not to the entire hierarchy 
of minority leadership, where the Chair 
has been assured that the minority 
leader has no objection. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the Speaker for 
the clarification. 
f 
REQUEST TO CONSIDER H.R. 9046, 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE, FOR-
EIGN 
OPERATIONS, 
AND 
RE-
LATED PROGRAMS CONTINUING 
APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2021 
Mr. WITTMAN. Madam Speaker, on 
behalf of the minority leader of the 
House and on behalf of the wishes of 
the President, I ask unanimous consent 
that the Committee on Appropriations 
be discharged from further consider-
ation of the bill, H.R. 9046, and ask for 
its immediate consideration in the 
House. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:40 Dec 30, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K24DE7.004
H24DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 1-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H9151 
December 24, 2020 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
guidelines consistently issued by suc-
cessive Speakers, as recorded in sec-
tion 956 of the House Rules and Man-
ual, the Chair is constrained to not en-
tertain the request unless it has been 
cleared by the bipartisan floor and 
committee leaderships. 
f 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED 
Cheryl L. Johnson, Clerk of the 
House, reported and found truly en-
rolled bills of the House of the fol-
lowing titles, which were thereupon 
signed by the Speaker pro tempore, Mr. 
BEYER, on Monday, December 21, 2020: 
H.R. 1240. An act to preserve United States 
fishing heritage through a national program 
dedicated to training and assisting the next 
generation of commercial fishermen. 
H.R. 1520. An act making further con-
tinuing appropriations for fiscal year 2021, 
and for other purposes. 
H.R. 4031. An act to amend the Federal 
Water Pollution Control Act to reauthorize 
the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative, and 
for other purposes. 
H.R. 5458. An act to modify the boundary of 
the Rocky Mountain National Park, and for 
other purposes. 
H.R. 5852. An act to redesignate the Weir 
Farm National Historic Site in the State of 
Connecticut as the ‘‘Weir Farm National 
Historical Park’’. 
H.R. 6535. An act to deem an urban Indian 
organization and employees thereof to be a 
part of the Public Health Service for the pur-
poses of certain claims for personal injury, 
and for other purposes. 
H.R. 7460. An act to extend the authority 
for the establishment by the Peace Corps 
Commemorative Foundation of a commemo-
rative work to commemorate the mission of 
the Peace Corps and the ideals on which the 
Peace Corps was founded, and for other pur-
poses. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 4(b) of House Resolution 
967, the House stands adjourned until 2 
p.m. on Monday, December 28, 2020. 
Thereupon (at 9 o’clock and 12 min-
utes a.m.), under its previous order, the 
House adjourned until Monday, Decem-
ber 28, 2020, at 2 p.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the 
Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
EC-6005. A letter from the Attorney Ad-
viser, Federal Railroad Administration, De-
partment of Transportation, transmitting 
the Department’s final rule — Revision of 
Method for Calculating Monetary Threshold 
for Reporting Rail Equipment Accidents/In-
cidents [Docket No.: FRA-2014-0099, Notice 
No.: 2] (RIN: 2130-AC49) received December 
14, 2020, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); 
Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to 
the Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure. 
EC-6006. A letter from the Attorney Ad-
viser, Federal Railroad Administration, De-
partment of Transportation, transmitting 
the Department’s final rule — Miscellaneous 
Amendments to Brake System Safety Stand-
ards and Codification of Waivers [Docket 
No.: FRA-2018-0093, Notice No.: 2] (RIN: 2130- 
AC67) received December 10, 2020, pursuant 
to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, 
Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC-6007. A letter from the Attorney Ad-
viser, Federal Railroad Administration, De-
partment of Transportation, transmitting 
the Department’s final rule — Qualification 
and Certification of Locomotive Engineers; 
Miscellaneous Revisions [Docket No.: FRA- 
2018-0053, Notice No.:2] (RIN: 2130-AC40) re-
ceived December 14, 2020, pursuant to 5 
U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC-6008. A letter from the Attorney Ad-
viser, Federal Railroad Administration, De-
partment of Transportation, transmitting 
the Department’s final rule — State High-
way-Rail 
Grade 
Crossing 
Action 
Plans 
[Docket No.: FRA-2018-0096, Notice No.: 2] 
(RIN: 2130-AC72) received December 14, 2020, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk 
for printing and reference to the proper 
calendar, as follows: 
Mr. GRIJALVA: Committee on Natural Re-
sources. H.R. 3742. A bill to amend the Pitt-
man-Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act to 
make supplemental funds available for man-
agement of fish and wildlife species of great-
est conservation need as determined by 
State fish and wildlife agencies, and for 
other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 
116–685, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of 
the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Ms. WATERS: Committee on Financial 
Services. H.R. 5187. A bill to facilitate the 
development of affordable housing, and for 
other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 
116–686). Referred to the Committee of the 
Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. PALLONE: Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. H.R. 5534. A bill to amend title 
XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide 
for extended months of Medicare coverage of 
immunosuppressive drugs for kidney trans-
plant patients, and for other purposes; with 
an amendment (Rept. 116–687, Pt. 1). Referred 
to the Committee of the Whole House on the 
state of the Union. 
Mr. NEAL: Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 2113. A bill to amend title XI and XVIII 
of the Social Security Act to provide for 
drug manufacturer price transparency, to re-
quire certain manufacturers to report on 
product samples provided to certain health 
care providers, and for other purposes; with 
an amendment (Rept. 116–688, Pt. 1). Referred 
to the Committee of the Whole House on the 
state of the Union. 
Mr. GRIJALVA: Committee on Natural Re-
sources. H.R. 3225. A bill to amend the Min-
eral Leasing Act to make certain adjust-
ments in leasing on Federal lands for oil and 
gas drilling, and for other purposes; with an 
amendment (Rept. 116–689, Pt. 1). Referred to 
the Committee of the Whole House on the 
state of the Union. 
Mr. NEAL: Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 3414. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for the dis-
tribution of additional residency positions to 
help combat the opioid crisis; with an 
amendment (Rept. 116–690, Pt. 1). Referred to 
the Committee of the Whole House on the 
state of the Union. 
Mr. NEAL: Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 3417. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for patient 
improvements and rural and quality im-
provements under the Medicare program; 
with an amendment (Rept. 116–691, Pt. 1). Re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole House 
on the state of the Union. 
Mr. PALLONE: Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. H.R. 7539. A bill to strengthen 
parity in mental health and substance use 
disorder benefits; with an amendment (Rept. 
116–692, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of 
the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. NADLER: Committee on the Judici-
ary. H.R. 2375. A bill to prohibit prescription 
drug companies from compensating other 
prescription drug companies to delay the 
entry of a generic drug, biosimilar biological 
product, or interchangeable biological prod-
uct into the market (Rept. 116–693, Pt. 1). Re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole House 
on the state of the Union. 
Mr. NADLER: Committee on the Judici-
ary. H.R. 2374. A bill to enable the Federal 
Trade Commission to deter filing of sham 
citizen petitions to cover an attempt to 
interfere with approval of a competing ge-
neric drug or biosimilar, to foster competi-
tion and facilitate the efficient review of pe-
titions filed in good faith to raise legitimate 
public heath concerns, and for other pur-
poses (Rept. 116–694). Referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of 
the Union. 
Mr. NADLER: Committee on the Judici-
ary. H.R. 5133. A bill to amend the Federal 
Trade Commission Act to prohibit anti-
competitive behaviors by drug product man-
ufacturers, and for other purposes (Rept. 116– 
695). Referred to the Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. NEAL: Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 3439. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 and title XI of the Social 
Security Act to extend appropriations and 
transfers to the Patient-Centered Outcomes 
Research Trust Fund and to extend certain 
health insurance fees for such transfers, and 
for other purposes; with an amendment 
(Rept. 116–696, Pt. 1). Referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of 
the Union. 
Mr. PALLONE: Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. H.R. 5201. A bill to amend title 
XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide 
coverage under the Medicare program of cer-
tain mental health telehealth services, and 
for other purposes; with an amendment 
(Rept. 116–697, Pt. 1). Referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of 
the Union. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce 
discharged from further consideration. 
H.R. 2113 referred to the Committee of 
the Whole House on the state of the 
Union. 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce 
discharged from further consideration. 
H.R. 2375 referred to the Committee of 
the Whole House on the state of the 
Union. 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the 
Committee on Agriculture discharged 
from further consideration. H.R. 3225 
referred to the Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union. 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce 
discharged from further consideration. 
H.R. 3414 referred to the Committee of 
the Whole House on the state of the 
Union. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:40 Dec 30, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K24DE7.006
H24DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 2-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H9152 
December 24, 2020 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce 
discharged from further consideration. 
H.R. 3417 referred to the Committee of 
the Whole House on the state of the 
Union. 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce 
discharged from further consideration. 
H.R. 2375 referred to the Committee of 
the Whole House on the state of the 
Union. 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce 
discharged from further consideration. 
H.R. 3439 referred to the Committee of 
the Whole House on the state of the 
Union. 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the 
Committee on the Budget discharged 
from further consideration. H.R. 3742 
referred to the Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union. 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the 
Committee on Ways and Means dis-
charged from further consideration. 
H.R. 5201 referred to the Committee of 
the Whole House on the state of the 
Union. 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the 
Committee on Ways and Means dis-
charged from further consideration. 
H.R. 5534 referred to the Committee of 
the Whole House on the state of the 
Union. 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the 
Committee on Ways and Means and 
Education and Labor discharged from 
further consideration. H.R. 7539 re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following 
titles were introduced and severally re-
ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. WITTMAN: 
H.R. 9046. A bill to make further con-
tinuing appropriations for the Department of 
State, foreign operations, and related pro-
grams; to the Committee on Appropriations. 
By Mr. NEAL: 
H.R. 9047. A bill to amend section 6428A of 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to increase 
recovery rebate amounts to $2,000 for indi-
viduals; to the Committee on Ways and 
Means, and in addition to the Committee on 
the Budget, for a period to be subsequently 
determined by the Speaker, in each case for 
consideration of such provisions as fall with-
in the jurisdiction of the committee con-
cerned. 
By Ms. ESHOO: 
H.R. 9048. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to modify the oath of office 
taken by individuals in the civil service or 
uniformed services, and of other purposes; to 
the Committee on Oversight and Reform. 
By Mr. HIGGINS of New York: 
H.R. 9049. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to establish a cancer 
center construction grant program; to the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in 
addition to the Committee on Ways and 
Means, for a period to be subsequently deter-
mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-
sideration of such provisions as fall within 
the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By 
Ms. 
TLAIB 
(for 
herself, 
Ms. 
JAYAPAL, Ms. PRESSLEY, and Ms. 
OMAR): 
H.R. 9050. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide for additional 
recovery rebates for individuals, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on Ways 
and Means. 
By Mr. GREEN of Tennessee (for him-
self and Ms. GABBARD): 
H. Res. 1272. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives that 
Congress disapproves of the December 20 
COVID-19 vaccine distribution availability 
timeline guidance of the Center for Disease 
Control and Prevention (CDC) Advisory Com-
mittee on Immunization Practices (ACIP); to 
the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-
tives, the following statements are sub-
mitted regarding the specific powers 
granted to Congress in the Constitu-
tion to enact the accompanying bill or 
joint resolution. 
By Mr. WITTMAN: 
H.R. 9046. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The principal constitutional authority for 
this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of ar-
ticle I of the Constitution of the United 
States (the appropriation power), which 
states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the 
Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropria-
tions made by Law . . . .’’ In addition, 
clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Con-
stitution (the spending power) provides: 
‘‘The Congress shall have the Power . . . to 
pay the Debts and provide for the common 
Defence and general Welfare of the United 
States . . . .’’ Together, these specific con-
stitutional provisions establish the congres-
sional power of the purse, granting Congress 
the authority to appropriate funds, to deter-
mine their purpose, amount, and period of 
availability, and to set forth terms and con-
ditions governing their use. 
By Mr. NEAL: 
H.R. 9047. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Sections 7 & 8 of Article I of the United 
States Constitution and Amendment XVI of 
the United States Constitution. 
By Ms. ESHOO: 
H.R. 9048. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of article VI of the Constitution. 
In McCulloch v. Maryland, 17 U.S. 316 
(1819), the Supreme Court stated, ‘‘Yet he 
would be charged with insanity who should 
contend that the legislature might not 
superadd to the oath directed by the Con-
stitution such other oath of office as its wis-
dom might suggest.’’ 
By Mr. HIGGINS of New York: 
H.R. 9049. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Ms. TLAIB: 
H.R. 9050. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 1 of the Constitution. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-
tions, as follows: 
H.R. 2442: Ms. KELLY of Illinois and Mr. 
TAKANO. 
H.R. 2501: Mr. ALLRED and Mr. RUSH. 
H.R. 3138: Mr. PANETTA. 
H.R. 4160: Ms. CASTOR of Florida, Mr. BILI-
RAKIS, Mr. GAETZ, and Mr. WEBSTER of Flor-
ida. 
H.R. 5141: Mr. TAKANO. 
H.R. 5902: Mr. GAETZ. 
H.R. 6467: Ms. ADAMS. 
H.R. 6496: Ms. OMAR. 
H.R. 6754: Mr. RUIZ. 
H.R. 7308: Ms. FINKENAUER and Mr. MFUME. 
H.R. 8662: Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire 
and Mr. GOTTHEIMER. 
H.R. 8933: Mr. PANETTA. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:40 Dec 30, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00004
Fmt 4634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A24DE7.008
H24DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 3-
Congressional Record
U
N
U
M
E
P
LU
RI
B
U
S
United States
of America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 116th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.
S7951 
Vol. 166 
WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 24, 2020 
No. 219 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 and 29 seconds 
a.m. and was called to order by the 
Honorable ROY BLUNT, a Senator from 
the State of Missouri. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING 
PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE 
The 
PRESIDING 
OFFICER. 
The 
clerk will please read a communication 
to the Senate from the President pro 
tempore (Mr. GRASSLEY). 
The Parliamentarian read the fol-
lowing letter: 
U.S. SENATE, 
PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE, 
Washington, DC, December 24, 2020. 
To the Senate: 
Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, 
of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby 
appoint the Honorable ROY BLUNT, a Senator 
from the State of Missouri, to perform the 
duties of the Chair. 
CHUCK GRASSLEY, 
President pro tempore. 
Mr. BLUNT thereupon assumed the 
Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY, 
DECEMBER 28, 2020, AT 10 A.M. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Under the previous order, the 
Senate stands adjourned until 10 a.m. 
on Monday, December 28, 2020. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 10:01 a.m., 
adjourned until Monday, December 28, 
2020, at 10 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:56 Dec 29, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 4624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A24DE6.000
S24DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 4-
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E1199 
December 24, 2020 
IN RECOGNITION OF THIS UNIQUE 
HOLIDAY SEASON 
HON. HALEY M. STEVENS 
OF MICHIGAN 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, December 24, 2020 
Ms. STEVENS. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today in acknowledgement of the harrowing 
trials faced by our nation in light of the ongo-
ing coronavirus pandemic. This Christmas hol-
iday, I am holding the countless Americans 
who have experienced excruciating pain, un-
certainty, and loss due to this crisis in my 
heart and in my thoughts. 
I ask my colleagues in the U.S. House of 
Representatives to join me in paying tribute to 
all the brave men and women who have ad-
vanced our efforts to overcome this pandemic, 
and to honor all of those who have tragically 
lost their battles with this terrible disease. May 
this new year bring with it a renewed hope, 
strength, and commitment from Congress to 
deliver for the American people. 
f 
SUPPORT FOR $2,000 PAYMENTS 
FOR AMERICAN PEOPLE 
HON. KWANZA HALL 
OF GEORGIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, December 24, 2020 
Mr. HALL. Madam Speaker, I rise today to 
address this make-or-break moment for the 
American people. For many months, House 
Democrats have been urging for a stimulus 
package that is commensurate to the problem 
that Americans face. 
Since the beginning of the pandemic, 
315,000 Americans have died, as a result of 
the Administration’s mismanagement of the 
federal response to COVID–19. It has espe-
cially impacted the African-American commu-
nity and other communities of color. Millions of 
jobs have been lost, countless small busi-
nesses have closed, and many others hos-
pitalized. For the sake of controlling the virus 
we have all quarantined, as we eagerly await 
a vaccine. But this administration, aided by 
Congressional Republicans, have failed to de-
liver. 
In the closing days of this 116th Congress 
and in the midst of a once-in-a-century pan-
demic, leaders from both parties were able to 
forge a compromise. It was not ideal—but it 
was something. I was proud to support this 
legislation. I was proud to support the agree-
ment because it provided another round of 
$600 in economic stimulus checks and an-
other $300 per-week in unemployment bene-
fits, and it supports small businesses, which 
are the engines of our economy. It also pro-
vided funds to support local school districts 
and 
provides 
much-needed 
funds 
for 
coronavirus testing and vaccine distribution. I 
was also proud to help secure this legislation 
because it provides tens of billions in rent re-
lief and an extension of the eviction morato-
rium. 
Which is why the posturing coming from the 
current occupant of the White House on Tues-
day night is so disconcerting. 
On Tuesday night, after many months of sit-
ting on the sidelines, and being completely ab-
sent from the negotiations that forged this 
compromise, the White House cast severe 
doubt on the deal we reached. 
Now, the White House is proposing $2,000 
payments. But make no mistake and as I said 
on Sunday night, mere moments after the deal 
was announced, the $600 payments were not 
enough and must only be a down-payment. 
The $1200 stimulus checks in the CARES Act 
from earlier this year was an important factor 
in controlling the economic fallout from the ini-
tial onset of the coronavirus, and I am dis-
appointed that tonight that this Congress will 
not now act as we did in the Spring. The situ-
ation is more dire now and calls for more—not 
less—economic stimulus. 
I fully support $2000 payments for our peo-
ple and for Georgia’s Fifth Congressional Dis-
trict. I’ve thought deeply about this and heard 
from so many resilient Georgians. Our people 
are so resilient but many of them are on their 
last leg. We cannot fail them in this critical 
hour. To delay, or worse, to risk doing nothing 
would be a grave mistake. 
We must ensure that this recent posturing 
from the White House does not jeopardize the 
deal we secured on Sunday and which we 
passed on Monday. I fully support the Unani-
mous Consent request from the Speaker 
today and I urge colleagues in the Congress— 
on both sides of the aisle and on both sides 
of the Capitol—to support the $2000 payment 
but ensure that the support does not jeop-
ardize that which we secured on Monday. 
Under no circumstance should the President 
exercise his veto power on the funding and 
prevent many desperate Georgians the relief 
they so desperately need. 
Now is not the time to split hairs. Now is not 
the time to insist on legislative perfection if 
there even is a such thing. 
We have so much to do to prepare the fu-
ture but first I we must be able to get to the 
future. 
f 
PROTESTS IN INDIA 
HON. ANDY LEVIN 
OF MICHIGAN 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, December 24, 2020 
Mr. LEVIN of Michigan. Madam Speaker, I 
rise to condemn violence against Indians who 
are peacefully protesting laws they believe are 
unjust and stand with these peaceful pro-
testers as they exercise a right that is funda-
mental in any functioning democracy. 
Since last month, Indian farmers have pro-
tested new, hastily-passed agriculture laws 
that could weaken traditional markets where 
some agricultural goods are guaranteed a 
minimum price. As a longtime union organizer, 
I support these farmers, whose hard work has 
earned Punjab’s moniker as ‘‘India’s bread 
basket.’’ I have also been inspired by the soli-
darity demonstrated by diaspora communities 
from Cincinnati, to Melbourne, to Silicon Val-
ley, to Canton Township, Michigan, just out-
side my district. One Michigander with family 
in India, Amrinder Grewal, told the Detroit 
News that these new laws were ‘‘ruining their 
lives.’’ 
I have also been heartened watching de-
mocracy in action in India and the popular 
support this movement is garnering throughout 
the nation and the global Indian diaspora. 
While I believe the Indian government should 
have consulted meaningfully with farmers be-
fore passing these laws, I welcome their ef-
forts to engage with the protestors to ensure 
that legislation that affects these communities 
reflects their input and interests as well. At the 
same time, I’m concerned by reports that the 
Indian government has responded to the 
protestors with a heavy hand. 
The BBC reported this month that protesters 
arrived in Delhi to find that ‘‘tens of thousands 
of police and paramilitary troops were de-
ployed to halt their march’’ and ‘‘in several 
places, police fired tear gas shells and used 
water cannons to try to beat them back.’’ As 
winter sets in, the situation has grown more 
dire: almost 30 protesters have died, some 
succumbing to the freezing cold. 
On behalf of my constituents who represent 
the vibrant Indian diaspora community and 
have rallied in support of these farmers, I call 
on the Indian government to respect the vital 
right to peaceful protest and to engage in 
good-faith talks to ensure farmers’ livelihoods 
are preserved. 
f 
SUPPORTING OUR COMMITMENTS 
TO 
OUR 
FREELY 
ASSOCIATED 
STATES ALLIES 
HON. ED CASE 
OF HAWAII 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, December 24, 2020 
Mr. CASE. Madam Speaker, last year, I was 
proud to help create the first-ever Congres-
sional Pacific Islands Caucus, which I co-chair 
along with four of my colleagues. 
When we launched the Caucus, I noted that 
our country’s and world’s future lie in the Indo- 
Pacific, and that the island nations of the Pa-
cific are a key yet too-often overlooked part of 
that region and future. 
We have critical strategic interests and long-
standing partnerships throughout the Pacific 
islands. Yet now our allies and friends and all 
other Pacific jurisdictions are increasingly 
under severe economic and environmental 
stress, and China is aggressively seeking to 
grow its influence. We cannot ignore these 
critical developments, and our new Caucus is 
dedicated to assuring that does not happen. 
Among these nations are three with which 
we have an especially close relationship under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:45 Dec 30, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A24DE8.001
E24DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 5-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E1200 
December 24, 2020 
a unique status: the freely-associated Republic 
of the Marshall Islands, the Federated States 
of Micronesia and the Republic of Palau. 
These are island countries with which we 
share a long history dating back to the Second 
World War and before and an enduring rela-
tionship built on decades of shared interests 
and like values. These countries, also collec-
tively known as the Freely Associated States, 
span an expanse of the Pacific ranging from 
just southwest of my State of Hawaii to our 
territories of Guam and the Northern Mariana 
Islands in the western Pacific, an area the size 
of the forty-eight contiguous States. 
Under our Compacts of Free Association, 
our country can construct military bases on 
their soil and make decisions that affect our 
mutual security. In return, we provide financial 
assistance, access to some federal programs 
and enable free movement of their citizens to 
live and work in the United States. 
The role these islands play in our national 
defense cannot be understated. For example, 
Palau asked our country to increase its mili-
tary presence in its islands, and the Marshall 
Islands are home to what the Army calls ‘‘the 
premier missile test range in the world.’’ In No-
vember, a Navy destroyer near Hawaii inter-
cepted a mock ICBM launched from U.S. 
Army Garrison Kwajalein Atoll in an exercise 
viewed as an important accomplishment and 
critical milestone by our military. Vulnerable as 
this small island community is to COVID–19, it 
opened its closed borders to our citizens who 
needed to work at Kwajalein. 
Given the importance of the Compacts, we 
must always demonstrate to the Freely Asso-
ciated States and the world that the U.S. can 
be trusted to uphold its commitments. For ex-
ample, I am very pleased that the final Fiscal 
Year 2021 omnibus funding bill includes $5 
million of a $20 million debt the U.S. owes to 
the Marshall Islands in response to unilateral 
changes made to the investment tax and trade 
incentives in the initial version of the Compact 
of Free Association. 
On the other hand, I was extremely dis-
appointed that the outgoing Administration rec-
ommended providing $2 million less for Fiscal 
Year 2021 than was agreed to in compensa-
tion for amending various education programs 
back in 2003. This underfunding erodes the 
trust that our allies and partners have for our 
commitment to the Compacts. 
We must fulfill and take these obligations 
seriously, especially as we work to renew the 
economic provisions of these Compacts. I look 
forward to working closely with my colleagues 
in the coming Congress to remedy this error 
and address other issues that may arise relat-
ing to the Compacts. 
Our alliances and partnerships worldwide, 
powered by shared interests and values, are 
America’s greatest strengths, especially in this 
era of great power competition. Trust in our 
country’s ability and willingness to honor our 
commitments must be the unshakeable foun-
dation of these crucial relationships. We can 
and must do better to protect that trust. 
PROTECTING SENIOR CITIZENS 
HON. KWANZA HALL 
OF GEORGIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, December 24, 2020 
Mr. HALL. Madam Speaker, I rise today to 
address a most pernicious side effect of the 
pandemic. 
Indeed, Madam Speaker, one of the most 
troubling parts of this pandemic is that our 
seniors are the most vulnerable. 
They are uniquely susceptible to the harmful 
parts of this pandemic. 
Often times, our senior citizens, who have 
worked many decades making our country 
great, are on fixed incomes, sometimes many 
miles from other loved ones. 
It is sad and regrettable that this pandemic 
has created so much pain and death and un-
certainty to this community. 
But sadly, as happens from time to time in 
moments of suffering, there is also an insid-
ious group of people who seek to profit off of 
this pain. 
Madam Speaker, if we are serious about 
protecting our senior citizens during this pan-
demic, then our help must not stop at COVID 
tests, vaccinations or hospital care. 
We must also ensure that individuals pur-
porting to be fiduciaries and financial advisors 
do not take advantage of our seniors. 
But unfortunately, this is not just limited to fi-
nancial advisors. There are many probate at-
torneys preying on the elderly and the sick 
and those shut-in and in poor communities in 
Georgia’s Fifth Congressional District and all 
over the country. We must work with organiza-
tions and Bar Associations to prevent this 
abuse. 
Our seniors deserve to live their golden 
years in peace of mind. Our body recognizes 
that, which is why we have never wavered to 
pass legislation designed to ensure this reality. 
We have passed social security and passed 
age discrimination laws. We must do more to 
ensure that they are protected from some of 
the darker elements of society. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THOMAS J. ‘‘TONY’’ 
FITZGERALD, III FOR HIS LIFE-
TIME OF SERVICE TO OUR COUN-
TRY 
HON. ANNA G. ESHOO 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, December 24, 2020 
Ms. ESHOO. Madam Speaker, I rise today 
on my own behalf and on behalf of Represent-
atives ZOE LOFGREN, JACKIE SPEIER, JIMMY PA-
NETTA, ERIC SWALWELL, RO KHANNA, JERRY 
MCNERNEY and JARED HUFFMAN to honor the 
extraordinary leadership of Thomas ‘‘Tony’’ 
Fitzgerald, III, as he retires from his position 
as the Director of the Veteran Affairs Palo Alto 
Health Care System (PAVAHCS), an office 
that he assumed on June 25, 2017. He ably 
filled the enormous shoes left by former Direc-
tor Lisa Freeman, and oversaw the delivery of 
health care to more than 93,000 veterans at 
the VA’s Palo Alto facility. The PAVAHCS 
serves eleven Congressional Districts and ten 
counties, and has three inpatient facilities in 
Palo Alto, Menlo Park and Livermore, and out-
patient facilities in seven other cities. 
Mr. Fitzgerald earned his Bachelor’s degree 
from American InterContinental University, and 
is a graduate of the Leadership VA program, 
and a member of the American Hospital Asso-
ciation 
and 
the 
American 
College 
of 
Healthcare Executives. 
Mr. Fitzgerald served his country throughout 
his long and productive career. He was a 
medical non-commissioned officer in the U.S. 
Army for 16 years, and began his career with 
the VA in 1988 as a psychiatric nursing assist-
ant in Chicago. Throughout his career he has 
been an ardent advocate for Veterans, their 
families and staff. He earned increasingly re-
sponsible positions with the VA and he moved 
to California and began his service with VA 
Northern California in 2000. 
Tony Fitzgerald’s accomplishments while at 
PAVAHCS make a very long list. Among some 
of the highlights are increased Veteran trust 
scores; high patient satisfaction scores; ap-
proval for an additional Fisher House; robust 
union partnerships; the hiring of 1,080 new 
employees in fiscal year 2020; and oversight 
of the largest construction portfolio in VHA’s 
history ($2.6B). 
Mr. Fitzgerald has earned many honors in-
cluding the Top Environmental Excellence 
Award and the Secretary of VA Alternative 
Dispute Resolution Award. 
Madam Speaker, we ask the entire House 
of Representatives to join us in thanking Tony 
Fitzgerald for his extraordinary service to our 
country, and in wishing him every blessing in 
his well-earned retirement. 
f 
AFRICAN DIASPORA 
HON. KWANZA HALL 
OF GEORGIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, December 24, 2020 
Mr. HALL. I rise today to address the issue 
of the African Diaspora. 
The African Union defines the African Dias-
pora very broadly as people of African De-
scent living outside Africa. The UN estimates 
that there are about 200 million people of Afri-
can descent outside Africa in various constitu-
encies. 
In Atlanta, we are blessed to have so many 
members of the Diaspora in our community 
and that community is anchored by incredible 
institutions like the African Diaspora Art Mu-
seum of Atlanta. 
And I am heartened to see that our youth 
are also engaged in this conversation, such as 
the Young African Diaspora Initiative. 
The last dozen years have been a source of 
whiplash. From 2009 to 2017, we had a presi-
dent whose father was from Kenya, and who 
used the opportunity of his administration to 
strengthen ties between Africa and our Nation. 
For the last four years, however, we have 
had a president who pays no heed to the rich-
ness and vitality of the African Diaspora. This 
was encapsulated by his vulgar epithet about 
some of the countries on the African continent. 
But, in November, Americans decided to 
turn the page far away from this hate. 
The election of President-Elect Joe Biden 
and Vice President-Elect Kamala Harris pro-
vides an opportunity. 
We need to use the occasion of the Biden 
Administration to strengthen the ties with Afri-
ca while emphasizing the importance of the 
Global Diaspora. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:45 Dec 30, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A24DE8.004
E24DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 6-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E1201 
December 24, 2020 
There are so many opportunities where we 
can work together, most notably with our sup-
port public projects, such as schools and 
health facilities. 
During the COVID–19 pandemic, the need 
to form strategic alliances are self-evident—we 
all have a need to work together to end this 
scourge. 
We must encourage the Diaspora to leave 
commanding footprints on capital, creativity 
and know-how. 
But there are additional opportunities, such 
as eradicating malaria, ensuring clean water is 
available in all pockets of the continent, and to 
ensure programs like PEPFAR, the Presi-
dent’s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief, are 
funded and supported. PEPFAR has saved 
the lives of millions of people. 
But we can do more and we must do more. 
We must strengthen the ties of diplomacy and 
of commerce, particularly through direct pri-
vate investment and improved utilization of 
transit corridors. 
There are advantages of encouraging Afri-
can governments to implement fiscal incen-
tives and policies that foster common commer-
cial development and works to eradicate eco-
nomic deprivation. 
After all, it was Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., 
one of the most prolific servants of non-
discrimination and of racial reconciliation in 
our nation, who advanced just causes through 
nonviolent protest. We must turn to this exam-
ple once more to achieve further greatness for 
members of African Diaspora as our nation 
begins this new presidential administration. 
We cannot let this opportunity go to waste 
by disregarding Africa’s potential. We must 
seize the moment. 
f 
RETIREMENT REMARKS 
HON. TED S. YOHO 
OF FLORIDA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, December 24, 2020 
Mr. YOHO. Madam Speaker, I would like to 
take this moment to say thank you, farewell 
and goodbye while issuing a warning to this 
esteemed body. I have had the honor and 
privilege to serve as a member of Congress 
for the last 8 years. It truly has been an amaz-
ing experience for me, my wife Carolyn and 
our three children. It is the American Dream 
come true. We will always be grateful and 
thankful for the many memories and experi-
ences we’ve had. 
This would not have been possible without 
the support we received from our families, 
friends, supporters, Team mates and constitu-
ents for allowing us this opportunity. 
After all, opportunity is what gives rise to the 
American Dream. My wife and I, along with all 
in this body, are the beneficiaries of that op-
portunity and recipients of the American 
Dream. Our Constitution guarantees equal op-
portunity for all not equal outcomes. 
I ran for Congress because I felt America 
was off course and moving away from the 
principles it was founded on. We are a Repub-
lic, a Constitutional Republic. America is cer-
tainly not a perfect country. We’ve had, and 
still have, our shortcomings but we improve 
with each generation. The Constitution pro-
vides a framework for that. 
However, some people want to fundamen-
tally change our system from a Republic to a 
socialist state and to end the legacy we have 
been blessed with. There are those in govern-
ment, and the citizens who support them, who 
don’t understand the basic foundational prin-
ciples of this nation. There are leaders in the 
Democratic Party, who a few short years ago, 
would not acknowledge they were promoting 
socialism. Yet their ideals and actions were 
telling a different story. 
Now today, we have leaders in the incoming 
administration who proudly espouse that this 
will be the most progressive, socialist adminis-
tration ever formed in the United States. 
Their desire to change a country that has 
created the most successful lifestyle in the 
world for generations is a travesty. It’s a trav-
esty to those that paid the price in blood to 
preserve our Republic and its ideals. 
As the Chairman of the Asia-Pacific sub-
committee on Foreign Affairs I’ve had the 
honor of traveling all over the world, meeting 
world leaders from many countries. I had a 
very impactful conversation with an Ambas-
sador from an ASEAN nation that had a last-
ing impression upon me of what America 
means from an outside perspective. I would 
like to share this with you and issue this warn-
ing. 
He said when his country fought to get inde-
pendence their founders could have chosen 
any form of government to set up in their new 
independent country. They looked at the Brit-
ish, French, and German system of govern-
ment but chose the American form of govern-
ment for their new country even though none 
of them had been to America. They did this 
because they were very well studied in our 
founding principles enshrined in the U.S. Con-
stitution. Specifically, the notion that govern-
ment derives its power from the consent of the 
governed and without that consent no legiti-
mate government can be formed. 
The affect on me was this. You see America 
is larger than any president regardless of who 
sits in the White House and is much bigger 
and more significant than a political party, 
whether it be Democrats or Republicans. It is 
our founding principles, core values and the 
U.S. Constitution which holds it all together. 
These are what has set the gold standard in 
self governance that other nations want to 
emulate. That is why people from around the 
world risk everything to reach our shores and 
become Americans. 
Our founding principles say our rights come 
from a creator, not government, and govern-
ment is there to protect our God-given rights. 
Our core values state that all men, women 
and every child are created equal and have 
equal opportunity. The Constitution is the glue 
that binds all this together. It’s these three 
things, founding principles, core values and 
the Constitution that makes up the American 
Ideal. And that ideology, ‘‘is the shining city on 
a hill’’, as President Reagan proudly spoke of 
in his farewell address. It is our duty to pre-
serve and make better, not destroy what pre-
vious generations have built. 
I caution those who want to change America 
into a socialist country to rethink what they are 
really asking. Do you really want to change 
the principles of America with all of the suc-
cesses the people of this nation have experi-
enced? What will be your excuse when you 
explain to the next generation, your children 
perhaps, why you allowed the opportunity to 
be taken away from them. Opportunities af-
forded to you and millions of others, only to 
allow it to die on the vine. 
I hear promises of free education, free 
health insurance or Medicare for all. Some say 
everyone should have a living wage whether 
you work or not. This utopia they espouse is 
a fallacy. The utopia they promise is actually 
Hugo Chavez and Nicholas Maduro’s Ven-
ezuela we see today. To achive in America all 
one must do is embrace the opportunity, work 
hard, and play by the rules. As Frederick 
Douglass said in his self made man speech, 
‘‘Success is the result of opportunity plus 
one’s desire, self reliance and work’’. 
So I challenge my colleagues with this. Will 
you fight to preserve and improve our Con-
stitutional Republic or will you allow it to be-
come a socialist country? What country will 
you pass on to your children and future gen-
erations? 
Please, choose wisely. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF VIRGINIA PE-
NINSULA ASSOCIATION OF REAL-
TORS 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, December 24, 2020 
Mr. WITTMAN. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today in recognition of the 100th Anniversary 
of the Virginia Peninsula Association of REAL-
TORS. This year marks the centennial of the 
VPAR and commemorates 100 years of hard 
work and dedicated service to the Common-
wealth of Virginia and the surrounding region. 
The Virginia Peninsula Association of REAL-
TORS is known for their vision of being the 
voice for real estate on the Virginia Peninsula. 
In December 1920, the VPAR was founded 
and organized as the Newport News Real Es-
tate and Insurance Exchange. Throughout the 
long history of mergers and transition, 1990 
marks the year the organization took on the 
name Virginia Peninsula Association of REAL-
TORS. VPAR has grown from only 19 mem-
bers in 1920, to more than 1,200 members 
today, marking 100 years of prosperity and 
growth. 
From the beginning, VPAR has been a 
voice for real estate on the Virginia Peninsula. 
VPAR supports the areas of Hampton, New-
port News, Poquoson, Isle of Wright County, 
and York County, and provides public policy 
and advocacy, education and training, and in-
dustry resources to real estate professionals 
throughout the Virginia Peninsula. The mis-
sions and goals of VPAR are strong and 
steadfast. The organization stays true to their 
important mission of supporting fair housing 
and strives to make home ownership achiev-
able for all. 
Virginia Peninsula Association of REAL-
TORS use community outreach and engage-
ment as a key tool to support the region, and 
they devote hundreds of volunteer hours each 
year to contribute to the overall success and 
prosperity of their community. This engage-
ment and care for the community has greatly 
improved and strengthened the region’s econ-
omy and standard of living. This care and en-
gagement speaks directly to the kind of orga-
nization that the VPAR is, and is why the 
VPAR has been, and will continue to be suc-
cessful. 
Therefore, Madam Speaker, I ask that you 
rise with me to commemorate the centennial 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:45 Dec 30, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A24DE8.007
E24DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 7-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E1202 
December 24, 2020 
of the Virginia Peninsula Association of REAL-
TORS. I want to thank the VPAR for their 100 
years of dedicated service to the community, 
and I wish them God’s blessings as they con-
tinue their excellent work for the entire region 
and the Commonwealth of Virginia. 
f 
SERVING THE 24TH DISTRICT OF 
TEXAS 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, December 24, 2020 
Mr. MARCHANT. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to address this chamber for the final 
time. It has been the highest honor of my life 
to represent Texas’s 24th district in Congress 
over the past sixteen years. This district is a 
snapshot of what makes our country great. It 
has people from all walks of life and all dif-
ferent backgrounds, working hard for their 
families and building a vibrant local commu-
nity. 
I have worked to bring that Texan work 
ethic to Washington and accomplished a great 
deal. We made our tax code simpler and fairer 
for middle class families. I worked across the 
aisle to improve access to quality health care 
and encouraged the building of affordable 
housing so that more people can call commu-
nities like ours ‘‘home.’’ 
There are so many people I would like to 
thank for their support. My wife Donna, my 
children Matthew, Luke, Kenny Junior, and 
Dallas, and my eight grandkids whom I am ex-
cited to spend more time with. My great staff, 
who have worked tirelessly on behalf of our 
district. And of course, the people of Texas’s 
24th District who entrusted me with this role. 
I end my time in Congress with pride and the 
knowledge that America’s best days still lay 
ahead. God bless you all and God bless our 
great country. 
f 
UNITED STATES-MEXICO 
ECONOMIC PARTNERSHIP ACT 
SPEECH OF 
HON. MAXINE WATERS 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, December 21, 2020 
Ms. WATERS. Mr. Speaker, after months of 
stalemate and several long nights of tough ne-
gotiations, I am very pleased that we were fi-
nally able to find a compromise on a $900 bil-
lion pandemic relief package. America has 
been confronted with unprecedented chal-
lenges this year due to the pandemic, but with 
vaccine distribution in motion, a new incoming 
administration, and a long overdue relief pack-
age on the way, I believe we can go into the 
new year with hope for a better future. 
As Chairwoman of the Financial Services 
Committee, I played a key role in negotiations 
that resulted in the inclusion of $25 billion in 
emergency rental assistance, an extension of 
the eviction moratorium, a $9 billion Emer-
gency Capital Investment Program to provide 
low-cost, long term capital investments to Mi-
nority Depository Institutions (MDis) and Com-
munity 
Development 
Financial 
Institutions 
(CDFis) that are depository institutions, and $3 
billion to the CDFI Fund for financial and tech-
nical assistance grants to CDFis. 
I also strongly advocated for the inclusion of 
another round of stimulus payments, which 
can total up to $600 per person, $1,200 per 
couple, and $600 per child, to support house-
holds struggling during the pandemic, and a 
restart of the Paycheck Protection Program 
(PPP) to ensure our small businesses are able 
to remain open. In total, small businesses will 
receive $284 billion through the PPP, with an 
additional $20 billion reserved for businesses 
operating in low-income communities and $15 
billion for live music venues, movie theaters, 
and museums. These businesses are the life-
blood of our communities, and this support is 
long overdue. 
In addition to the new round of stimulus 
payments, I have fought to extend help to the 
unemployed. This pandemic relief package 
provides an extra $300 per week in federal 
dollars to all those who qualify for unemploy-
ment insurance, including gig workers and in-
dividuals who have exhausted their state ben-
efits. 
I recognize that more relief is needed and 
more work must be done to provide additional 
relief, but this bill represents a necessary step 
in the right direction. 
EMERGENCY RENTAL ASSISTANCE 
This bill will prevent evictions for millions of 
people who are behind on their rent and pro-
vide much needed relief for ‘‘mom & pop’’ 
landlords by creating a new $25 billion emer-
gency rental assistance fund that will be im-
plemented by the Department of the Treasury. 
The bill also provides a temporary extension 
of an eviction moratorium through the end of 
January 2021. These are critical measures 
that will stave off a massive wave of evictions 
that we were otherwise expecting to sweep 
across our country after the end of this month 
when the CDC eviction moratorium is currently 
set to expire, and help landlords maintain safe 
and healthy housing for residents. Not only 
are evictions devastating for households in 
terms of the immediate and long-term con-
sequences that disproportionately harm young 
children, but evictions also have significant 
negative consequences for the economy writ 
large. That is why helping our neighbors avoid 
evictions is not just the right thing to do, but 
it is also in our national economic interest. 
Preventing evictions is also critical to fur-
thering the public health goals of ensuring that 
people can remain at home and reduce the 
spread of the virus. 
Securing emergency rental assistance has 
been my top priority since the coronavirus 
pandemic began early in 2020. Together with 
Representative HECK, I introduced the Emer-
gency Rental Assistance and Rental Market 
Stabilization Act of 2020 (H.R. 6820) that 
would have provided $100 billion to help fami-
lies and individuals pay their rent and utility 
bills and remain stably housed, while also 
helping rental property owners of all sizes con-
tinue to cover their costs, including the costs 
necessary to ensure residents’ health and 
safety. H.R. 6820 was included in the Heroes 
Act both times that bill was passed by the 
House. When it became apparent that Senate 
Majority Leader MCCONNELL would not take up 
the Heroes Act, even though the eviction crisis 
was growing increasingly urgent, I introduced 
H.R. 7301, the Emergency Housing Protec-
tions and Relief Act of 2020, which included 
H.R. 6820. This bill passed the House in June. 
The Financial Services Committee also con-
vened several hearings examining the effects 
of the coronavirus pandemic, including its ef-
fects on the U.S. rental market. 
The emergency rental assistance fund in 
H.R. 133 provides non-taxable assistance for 
renter households. To the extent any clarifica-
tion of the non-taxable nature of this is nec-
essary, I expect the Department of the Treas-
ury, in consultation with the IRS, to provide 
guidance to ensure that recipients do not incur 
any additional tax liability. The program also 
covers housing stability services, which should 
be interpreted to include case management, 
landlord mitigation, legal services, rehousing 
services, services to connect eligible house-
holds to other public supports, and referrals to 
other services for behavioral, emotional, and 
mental health. 
It is critical that Treasury’s implementation 
of this emergency rental assistance fund is 
swift and does not create any artificial barriers 
to assistance. In particular, we have seen with 
other benefits provided by the CARES Act, 
that documentation requirements to prove a 
nexus to the pandemic have erected artificial 
barriers that have cut people off from the ben-
efits Congress intended them to receive. It is 
critical that any renters who are struggling to 
pay their rent during the pandemic are not 
barred from accessing this assistance due to 
cumbersome documentation requirements or 
other barriers. Specifically, the component of 
the eligibility requirements regarding a direct 
or indirect nexus to the pandemic should be 
interpreted to include any financial hardship in-
curred or exacerbated during the pandemic. 
Further, an applicant’s simple written attesta-
tion should be the only documentation re-
quired to demonstrate a nexus to the pan-
demic. 
And while Congress will extend the eviction 
moratorium by one month, I expect that the 
Biden Administration will extend it until the end 
of the pandemic to prevent millions of families 
from losing their homes. I look forward to a 
swift and effective implementation of this 
emergency rental assistance fund by the in-
coming Biden administration, including coordi-
nation with Congress on any key decisions. 
PROMOTING AND ADVANCING COMMUNITIES OF COLOR 
THROUGH INCLUSIVE LENDING 
This 
Congress, 
my 
Committee 
has 
prioritized the importance of diversity and in-
clusion, seeking ways to ensure the financial 
system is more inclusive and gives a fair 
chance for all consumers to own a home or 
start a small business. I established a Sub-
committee on Diversity and Inclusion, and all 
of our other subcommittees have prioritized 
these critical issues across a range of financial 
policy areas. A good example of this is our 
work on minority depository institutions (MDI) 
and community development financial institu-
tions (CDFI), which are financial institutions 
that play a critical role as lenders in low- and 
moderate-income (LMI) and communities of 
color. These institutions are on the front lines 
of meeting the financial needs of communities 
that are disproportionately underserved by tra-
ditional financial institution and are primary 
lenders to LMI and communities of color, in-
cluding during the COVID–19 pandemic. 
CDFIs and MDIs assist minority entrepreneurs 
that are overlooked by traditional financial in-
stitutions. 
Since the establishment of the Freedman’s 
Savings and Trust Company in 1864, MDIs— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:45 Dec 30, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00004
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A24DE8.009
E24DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 8-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E1203 
December 24, 2020 
depository institutions where 51 percent or 
more of the stock is owned by one or more 
socially and economically disadvantaged indi-
viduals—have a long history in the United 
States of lending to communities of color. 
While regulators have a mandate to preserve 
and promote MDIs the number of MDI banks 
(143 as of September 30, 2021) and MDI 
credit unions (509 as of June 30, 2021) has 
declined by approximately one-third over the 
decade following the 2008 financial crisis, The 
Committee examined these developments dur-
ing several hearings this Congress. On Octo-
ber 22, 2019, the Subcommittee on Consumer 
Protection and Financial Institutions convened 
a hearing entitled, ‘‘An Examination of the De-
cline of Minority Depository Institutions and the 
Impact on Underserved Communities,’’ allow-
ing the Committee to hear the perspectives of 
different kinds of MDis and their experiences. 
On November 20, 2019, the Subcommittee on 
Consumer Protection and Financial Institutions 
convened a hearing entitled, ‘‘An Examination 
of Regulators’ Efforts to Preserve and Pro-
mote Minority Depository Institutions,’’ allowing 
the Committee to hold prudential regulators 
accountable on their efforts to support MDIs. 
Additionally, there are 1,163 CDFIs with a 
similar mission of delivering affordable lending 
options to the economically disadvantaged, 
especially those in LMI and minority commu-
nities. These banks, credit unions, and loan 
funds are certified by the CDFI Fund, which is 
operated out of the Treasury and provides 
grants and other financial and technical assist-
ance to support CDFIs. 
When the COVID–19 pandemic further dis-
advantaged these communities and minority- 
owned businesses, CDFIs and MDis main-
tained their focus on helping businesses in 
their target areas minimize the economic im-
pacts: Early during the pandemic, I was trou-
bled to see many large banks ignoring the 
smallest of businesses to instead provide con-
cierge services to their larger clients during 
the first round of the Paycheck Protection Pro-
gram (PPP), a program that was intended to 
help truly small businesses that lacked re-
sources stay afloat during these challenging 
times. I sent a letter to the Treasury and the 
Small Business Administration (SBA), along 
with Small Business Committee Chairwoman 
NYDIA VELA´ZQUEZ, Speaker PELOSI and Senate 
Democratic Leaders, urging those agencies to 
immediately expand the PPP for greater par-
ticipation by CDFIs and MDIs. CDFIs and 
MDIs were able to participate in PPP more 
fully in the second round, when Congress, as 
a result of my advocacy, set aside $60 billion 
for them and other community financial institu-
tions to deploy to America’s real small busi-
nesses, LMI and minority communities. SBA 
and Treasury subsequently eased restrictions 
on CDFI participation and set aside $10 billion 
for exclusive lending by CDFis and MDIs. 
As this transpired, the Committee held sev-
eral additional hearings earlier this year exam-
ining these trends and identifying solutions. 
Specifically, on June 3, 2020, the Sub-
committee on Consumer Protection and Finan-
cial Institutions convened a virtual hearing en-
titled, ‘‘Promoting Inclusive Lending During the 
Pandemic: Community Development Financial 
Institutions and Minority Depository Institu-
tions,’’ allowing the Committee to examine 
how CDFis and MDis were responding to the 
pandemic and considering a range of legisla-
tive proposals. On July 9, 2020, the Sub-
committee on Diversity and Inclusion con-
vened a virtual hearing entitled, ‘‘Access De-
nied: Challenges for Women- and Minority- 
Owned Businesses Accessing Capital and Fi-
nancial Services During the Pandemic,’’ allow-
ing the Committee to learn more about the 
hardships facing minority-owned businesses 
and women-owned businesses. 
Because of my efforts and those of my col-
leagues, 432 CDFIs and MDIs were able to 
provide more than $16.4 billion in PPP loans 
to over 221,000 small businesses. Unlike 
other financial institutions, CDFIs and MDIs 
reached the smallest of businesses as evi-
denced by a much smaller median PPP loan 
size of about $74,000 compared to the overall 
program median loan size of $101,000. In ad-
dition to establishing relief funds and services 
for local businesses and individuals experi-
encing loss of income, CDFIs and MDIs have 
also provided mortgage forbearances, loan 
deferments, and modifications to help address 
the needs of their borrowers. 
Building on these experiences and the 
House Financial Services Committee’s exten-
sive work on the importance of CDFIs and 
MDIs, I along with many of my Committee 
Democratic colleagues introduced H.R. 7993, 
the Promoting and Advancing Communities of 
Color Through Inclusive Lending Act in August 
2020 to make long overdue reforms and im-
provements to support CDFis and MDis 
through capital investments, grants, deposits, 
and partnerships. The bill is cosponsored by 
Reps. GREGORY MEEKS, JOYCE BEATTY, LACY 
CLAY, EMANUEL CLEAVER, MADELINE DEAN, BILL 
FOSTER, 
CHUY
GARCIA, 
SYLVIA
GARCIA, 
VICENTE
GONZALEZ, JOSH
GOTTHEIMER, AL 
GREEN, AL LAWSON, STEPHEN LYNCH, DEAN 
PHILLIPS, AYANNA
PRESSLEY, DAVID
SCOTT, 
RASHIDA TLAIB, and JUAN VARGAS. 
I am pleased several portions of my legisla-
tion were included in this stimulus bill, includ-
ing $12 billion for the CDFI Fund at the Treas-
ury Department. The bill provides $9 billion to 
fund and establish the Emergency Capital In-
vestment Program (ECIP), which will provide 
low-cost, longterm capital to MDIs and deposi-
tory CDFIs. The program includes a $4 billion 
set aside for midsize institutions (those under 
$2 billion in assets), of which $2 billion will be 
set aside for smaller institutions (those under 
$500 million in assets). In administering the 
ECIP, I fully expect Treasury to get these 
funds out quickly. Treasury should use the au-
thority it has to set reasonable conditions on 
those receiving capital investments, including 
a prohibition on recipients charging interest 
rates that exceed the Military Lending Act’s 36 
percent annual percentage rate (APR). 
Additionally, the ECIP has a conflict of inter-
est prohibition to ensure that senior govern-
ment officials—the President of the United 
States, Vice President of the United States, 
Cabinet Secretaries, and Members of Con-
gress—and their immediate family members 
do not benefit from this program. This provi-
sion is identical to the government official con-
flict of interest prohibition included in Section 
4019 of the CARES Act for other pandemic 
emergency lending programs, and it should 
not be construed to apply a prohibition beyond 
those senior government officials and their 
family members. 
I am pleased that this bill also provides an 
unprecedented $3 billion for the CDFI Fund to 
award grants and other financial and technical 
assistance to CDFIs, including CDFI loan 
funds. These funds will provide meaningful 
support for CDFis in their continued service to 
consumers, small businesses and nonprofits 
that have been ravaged by the pandemic. At 
least $1.2 billion ( 40 percent) of this appro-
priation is set aside for ‘‘minority lending insti-
tutions,’’ (MLIs) a new category of CDFIs that 
predominantly serve minority communities and 
are either MDIs or meet other standards for 
accountability to minority populations as deter-
mined by the CDFI Fund. To demonstrate 
service to minority communities, MLIs will 
need to provide a majority of both the number 
and dollar volume of arm’s length, on-balance 
sheet financial products to minorities or major-
ity-minority census tracts or equivalents. 
Given the historic importance and nature of 
these programs and funding, I encourage the 
CDFI Fund to use its administrative authorities 
to create an Office of Minority Lending Institu-
tions, led by a Deputy Director of Minority 
Lending Institutions, to oversee the CDFI 
Fund’s work in providing grants and other 
forms of financial and technical assistance to 
these newly designated MLIs. This office 
should also collaborate with Treasury Depart-
ment officials administering the ECIP to en-
sure eligible MLIs have every opportunity to 
access those capital investments as well. The 
Deputy Director should also conduct a study 
and report on the impact of CDFI programs in 
LMI and minority communities. The data 
should be disaggregated by racial and ethnic 
group and reveal results on lending in census 
tracks identified as minority communities. This 
new office should also hold certified CDFis ac-
countable for their outreach and communica-
tions in minority communities, which should re-
flect the linguistic and cultural sensitivities of 
those served. Additionally, this office should 
track and report the amount and number of 
CDFI Fund grants awarded to MLIs. 
This legislation sets a new precedent where 
Congress should regularly set aside 40 per-
cent of the CDFI Fund’s annual appropriations 
for awards and other assistance for minority 
lending institutions. 
I look forward to working closely with the 
Treasury Department and the CDFI Fund as 
they implement these critical programs. I also 
look forward to working with my colleagues in 
Congress to ensure these landmark programs 
are just the first step in a series of long over-
due reforms to promote inclusive lending. 
FEDERAL RESERVE AND TREASURY EMERGENCY LENDING 
PROGRAMS 
The Federal Reserve’s powers under sec-
tion 13(3) of the Federal Reserve Act to estab-
lish emergency lending programs and facilities 
during ‘‘unusual and exigent circumstances’’ 
proved to be a valuable tool to address the 
economic and financial fallout from the 
COVID–19 pandemic. While the Federal Re-
serve established several programs and facili-
ties on their own and with funds made avail-
able to the Treasury Secretary through the Ex-
change Stabilization Fund (ESF), Congress 
subsequently provided an additional $500 bil-
lion to the ESF so that the Treasury could pro-
vide direct loans and support various Federal 
Reserve 13(3) programs and facilities. These 
programs were designed to stabilize financial 
markets and to provide access to credit for 
small businesses and non-profit organizations, 
as well as state and local governments. 
Shortly after emergency lending programs 
like the Main Street Lending Program and the 
Municipal Liquidity Facility were stood up, it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:45 Dec 30, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00005
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A24DE8.012
E24DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 9-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E1204 
December 24, 2020 
became quickly evident there were a series of 
shortcomings with their design that would limit 
their effectiveness, leading me to write an ex-
tensive letter to Fed Chair Jay Powell on April 
16, 2020, outlining my concerns and rec-
ommendations. This included expanding the 
Main Street Lending Program (MSLP) to en-
sure small businesses and non-profit organiza-
tions that needed help could access them. 
This also included expanding the Municipal Li-
quidity Facility (MLF) to make it more helpful 
to the many state and local governments that 
needed to help. I noted in that letter, and a 
subsequent one I sent with the House Finan-
cial Services Committee’s Vice Chair, Rep. MI-
CHAEL SAN NICOLAS (D–GU), that the Federal 
Reserve should ensure territories, like Guam, 
should have access to the Municipal Liquidity 
Facility, as Congress intended. 
Since then and throughout the pandemic, I 
have had many discussions with Chair Powell 
as well as Treasury Secretary Mnuchin dis-
cussing my concerns with the Fed’s facilities 
and the administration of other emergency 
programs, like the Paycheck Protection Pro-
gram (PPP). I also held three CARES Act 
oversight hearings where both testified this 
year before the House Financial Services 
Committee—on June 30, September 22, and 
December 2. I appreciate that along the way, 
some improvements were made. For example, 
with the MSLP, the Fed originally set the min-
imum loan threshold at $1 million, which was 
lowered to $500,000, and again to $250,000, 
and finally to $100,000, to ensure small busi-
nesses that needed smaller loans were not 
turned away. Access to the MLF was ex-
panded to a wider range of state and local 
governments, and the facility’s penalty rates 
were slightly reduced, though terms remained 
less favorable than those offered by the Fed’s 
corporate credit facilities. Additionally, eligibility 
requirements for CDFI loan funds were eased 
so that more could participate and offer PPP 
loans. While overall, these programs were 
very helpful in stabilizing the economic vola-
tility from the pandemic, I believe much more 
could and should have been done with these 
authorities and emergency facilities to limit the 
unnecessary short-term and long-term eco-
nomic damage in many communities. 
While the CARES Act made funds available 
to the Treasury until 2026 to support the Fed’s 
emergency lending facilities throughout this 
pandemic and recovery, I was disappointed 
that Secretary Mnuchin opted to unilaterally 
close down these facilities at the end of 2020, 
even though the Fed wanted them to remain 
open, and these agencies clearly had the au-
thority to keep them open. Non-partisan ex-
perts, Members of Congress, Congressional 
Oversight Commissioners, and the Special In-
spector General of the Troubled Asset Relief 
Program have all strongly questioned the judg-
ment 
and 
legal 
interpretation 
Secretary 
Mnuchin used to shut these facilities down. 
Minutes from the Federal Open Market Com-
mittee’s November deliberations indicate that 
several Fed officials understand these facilities 
to be important in supporting the economy 
next year, and state and local officials, munic-
ipal bond market participants, and Financial 
Services Committee members from both par-
ties have urged continuation of the MLF 
through 2021. 
While I continue to hold the view that ending 
these facilities was premature and irrespon-
sible, I am pleased that Congress has reached 
a compromise through this legislation that will 
provide meaningful stimulus to the U.S. econ-
omy, while preserving the potent tools the Fed 
and Treasury have to engage in emergency 
lending that they had prior to the enactment of 
the CARES Act. Furthermore, this legislation 
will enable the Treasury Department under 
new leadership to support the economy 
through what remains a significant public 
health and economic crisis. 
It is worth noting that in the negotiations, 
Members considered several proposals that 
would have severely restricted the Federal Re-
serve’s emergency lending powers going for-
ward that were rejected. One proposal was to 
include language that stipulated, ‘‘Notwith-
standing any other provision of law, after De-
cember 31, 2020, the Board of Governors of 
the Federal Reserve System and the Federal 
Reserve banks shall not . . . establish under 
section 13(3) of the Federal Reserve Act (12 
U.S.C. 343(3)) any program or facility that is 
similar to any program or facility established 
under section 13(3) of the Federal Reserve 
Act (12 U.S.C. 343(3)) in which the Secretary 
made a loan, loan guarantee, or other invest-
ment using funds appropriated under section 
4027 (15 U.S.C. 9061 ).This proposal was re-
jected because it would have overridden 
emergency lending authorities the Federal Re-
serve had prior to the enactment of the 
CARES Act to stand up programs and facili-
ties, with the support of funds made available 
to the Secretary of the Treasury through the 
ESF, to provide support to small businesses, 
mid-sized businesses, and non-profit organiza-
tions, as well as state and local governments, 
as was done in a similar fashion with CARES 
Act facilities. Other proposals to use ‘‘substan-
tially similar’’ and other limiting phrases in-
stead of ‘‘similar’’ were considered, and they 
were also rejected. Additionally, a proposal 
stipulating that ‘‘the Secretary shall not ap-
prove the establishment of any such program 
or facility’’ as those created by the CARES Act 
was also contemplated, but it was rejected on 
the basis that it would have placed undue con-
straints and limited these critical emergency 
lending authorities. 
The final compromise agreed to by the 
Members that is contained in this legislation 
was significantly narrowed compared to these 
previously mentioned and other proposals. To 
be specific, this legislation provides hundreds 
of billions of dollars in stimulus while rescind-
ing the unobligated amounts appropriated in 
the CARES Act for direct loans by the Treas-
ury and emergency lending by the Federal Re-
serve. The bill sets December 31, 2020 as the 
date for termination of the Federal Reserve’s 
authority to make new loans, asset purchases, 
or modifications through the existing CARES 
Act facilities. As these CARES Act funds that 
were deposited in the ESF are rescinded, the 
bill clarifies that ESF funds may not be used 
to establish Federal Reserve 13(3) facilities 
that are the ‘‘same as’’ (i.e. identical to) cur-
rent 13(3) facilities that received CARES Act 
funding support (except the Term Asset- 
Backed Securities Loan Facility, or TALF), 
while permitting substantially similar Fed facili-
ties to be stood up with ESF funds in the fu-
ture. This legislation also clarifies that the Fed-
eral Reserve fully retains the authority it had 
prior to the enactment of the CARES Act to 
establish programs and facilities under section 
13(3) of the Federal Reserve Act, and that the 
Secretary of the Treasury fully retains its au-
thority to use funds made available through 
the ESF to backstop such Fed facilities. This 
means that in unusual and exigent cir-
cumstances, the Federal Reserve can still 
work with the Treasury Department to estab-
lish new emergency lending programs and fa-
cilities to help small businesses and non-profit 
organizations, as well as state, territory, tribal, 
and local governments. 
The pandemic is still raging, and our econ-
omy is still very vulnerable. State and local 
governments face enormous budget shortfalls 
next year, small businesses are struggling to 
stay open, and an increase in corporate down-
grades and bankruptcies has been flagged as 
a major financial stability risk by regulators. 
Recognizing these serious problems, the Fed-
eral Reserve has indicated its preference to 
keep the ‘‘full suite of emergency facilities’’ 
available to it in the coming year. When the 
aforementioned proposals constraining emer-
gency lending powers were reportedly being 
considered, former Fed Chair Ben Bernanke 
cautioned against them, stating ‘‘it is also vital 
that the Federal Reserve’s ability to respond 
promptly to damaging disruptions in credit 
markets not be circumscribed.’’ Thankfully, 
that language was rejected, and this legisla-
tion preserves the Fed and Treasury’s author-
ity to step in and address a crisis through 
emergency lending, just as we’ve seen them 
extend support to states, cities, and small 
businesses since the enactment 
of 
the 
CARES Act. I look forward to working with 
President-Elect Joe Biden, his incoming Ad-
ministration and its new Treasury Secretary to 
ensure they work closely with the Fed and not 
be reluctant to fully utilize the tools and funds 
at its disposal to prevent job loss and stimu-
late economic recovery. 
AIRPORT ASSISTANCE 
As the Member of Congress who represents 
Los Angeles International Airport (LAX), I am 
deeply concerned about the tremendous finan-
cial needs that the COVID–19 pandemic has 
imposed upon our nation’s air travel industry, 
especially the airports themselves. That is why 
I am pleased that this bill includes $2 billion to 
assist our nation’s airports and airport conces-
sionaires. 
Airports are an important engine for eco-
nomic activity. They facilitate the movement of 
both merchandise and people around the na-
tion and the world, but they have been se-
verely affected by the pandemic. LAX was the 
fourth busiest airport in the world prior to the 
pandemic, based on the number of pas-
sengers. In 2018, 78.5 million passengers 
used LAX, including more than 26 million 
international passengers. According to a study 
in 2014, operations at LAX generated 620,000 
jobs in Southern California with labor income 
of $37.3 billion and economic output of more 
than $126.6 billion. Furthermore, this eco-
nomic activity added $6.2 billion to local and 
state revenues. The unprecedented decline in 
air travel at LAX in response to the pandemic 
has had a profound negative impact upon the 
economy of Southern California. 
In addition to being an essential hub for do-
mestic and international travel, LAX is also the 
home of numerous concessionaires that serve 
the needs of airport passengers as they jour-
ney to their destinations. These conces-
sionaires, many of which are small, disadvan-
taged, and minority- and women-owned busi-
nesses, depended upon the bustling economic 
activity that was commonplace at LAX prior to 
the pandemic. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:45 Dec 30, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00006
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A24DE8.013
E24DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 10-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E1205 
December 24, 2020 
While stopping the spread of the virus ne-
cessitates that Americans avoid all but the 
most essential air travel, we must neverthe-
less ensure that all of our nation’s airports, 
large and small, are able to continue to oper-
ate in a safe manner, pay their workers, and 
prepare for the day when Americans will once 
again be able to travel freely without fear of 
COVID–19. 
PAYCHECK PROTECTION PROGRAM (PPP) AND OTHER AID 
FOR SMALL BUSINESSES 
The Paycheck Protection Program was a 
lifeline for so many small businesses through 
the beginning of the pandemic. It provided 
largely forgivable loans to businesses that 
used the funds to keep their employees on 
payroll and to keep the lights on at work. I 
have worked hard alongside House Small 
Business 
Committee 
Chairwoman 
NYDIA 
VELA´ZQUEZ from the beginning of the pan-
demic to ensure community financial institu-
tions, like MDIs and CDFIs, could provide PPP 
loans, and to ensure that small businesses, 
particularly minority-owned businesses that 
have been disproportionally impacted by this 
pandemic, get the support they need. In the 
first round of PPP, more than $525 billion of 
forgivable loans helped over 5.2 million busi-
nesses, with more than 81 percent of those 
loans being for less than $100,000, and more 
than 68 percent of those loans being for less 
than $50,000, this program. 
Building on those efforts, I am pleased that 
today’s bill reauthorizes and provides over 
$284 billion to this program. Specifically, the 
legislation provides for first draw and second 
draw forgivable PPP loans, expanded eligibility 
for nonprofits and local newspapers, TV and 
radio broadcasters, and key modifications to 
PPP to serve the smallest businesses and 
struggling non-profits. I am also pleased the 
legislation will help independent restaurants, 
and includes $15 billion in dedicated funding 
for live venues, independent movie theaters, 
and cultural institutions. 
Additionally, the bill expands the expenses 
to which PPP funds can be applied to include 
life- and enterprise-saving protective equip-
ment for staff and businesses. And the bill 
speeds up forgiveness for the smallest of the 
PPP loans, reducing the paperwork required 
of a recipient while affirming the need to pre-
vent fraud and other financial crimes that 
would prevent legitimate businesses from ac-
cessing the funds. Moreover, $15 billion of 
these funds have been reserved to be issued 
by community financial institutions, including 
CDFIs and MDIs, and another $15 billion is re-
served for community banks and credit unions 
with less than $10 billion in total assets. 
In addition to these PPP loans, this legisla-
tion includes $20 billion for targeted Economic 
Injury Disaster Loan (EIDL) Grants which have 
proven to be helpful to many smaller busi-
nesses. While I believe this legislation will be 
helpful for many small businesses, Congress 
should be prepared to quickly pass additional 
legislation and provide additional relief to help 
small businesses. Furthermore, the Federal 
Reserve along with the Treasury Department 
should be prepared to exercise the emergency 
lending powers they have to augment these 
efforts and do what they can to help small 
businesses struggling through this pandemic 
through no fault of their own. 
STIMULUS CHECKS 
When the scope of the recession caused by 
Covid–19 became clear in March, I introduced 
legislation that would have provided our econ-
omy with ‘‘automatic stabilizers’’ in the form of 
monthly stimulus payments to a broad set of 
eligible households. In any recession, direct 
payments can help mitigate the drain on de-
mand caused by people losing their jobs and 
income, and within the context of a recession 
deepened by stay-at-home measures, direct 
payments are an essential part of the govern-
ment’s response. Research on the impact of 
the CARES Act estimates that the one-time 
economic impact payment that CARES pro-
vided reduced poverty for 8.2 million individ-
uals. Importantly, the same research shows 
that the poverty-reducing effect of the CARES 
Act is about to run out for that same set of in-
dividuals, and with unemployment claims back 
on the rise, emergency relief through direct 
stimulus had to be a part of this end-of-year 
package. I will continue to push for more relief 
next year, and I know that much more direct 
stimulus will be needed to get households 
through what remains of this pandemic and 
the economic fallout it has caused. 
Mr. Speaker, I have been truly inspired by 
the resolve and strength of the American pub-
lic as the enormity of this pandemic has 
grown. Medical workers, first responders, gro-
cers, teachers, and countless others have 
worked every day to benefit our struggling 
communities during this crisis. With this legis-
lation before us today, Congress is finally 
doing its part to stand up for people and fami-
lies across the country. Colleagues, please 
join me and vote yes for H.R. 133. 
f 
GRATITUDE FOR CAPITOL HILL 
STAFFERS 
HON. KWANZA HALL 
OF GEORGIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, December 24, 2020 
Mr. HALL. I rise today to express a bit of 
gratitude. I have been a member of this cham-
ber for a while now and while there are sev-
eral committees and members of this body 
that keep its functioning ongoing, I would also 
like to recognize another indispensable group. 
I want to thank the cafeteria workers, jani-
tors, members of the Capitol Police, Sergeant 
at Arms, Clerk’s Office, Attending Physician, 
Congressional, House and other support staff 
throughout the Longworth, Rayburn and Can-
non House office buildings. 
They have been so welcoming and helpful 
during my time in this critical moment in our 
country during the COVID–19 pandemic. 
Their service has been laudable. Their sac-
rifice has been commendable. And, when I 
leave here, I will remember their smiles and 
their generosity in spirit as they help the Rep-
resentatives serve those who sent us here. 
I know that I will never miss an opportunity 
to tell all in Georgia’s Fifth Congressional Dis-
trict of all the wonderful people who make this 
Capitol Complex function for the people of our 
Nation, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
01:45 Dec 30, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00007
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A24DE8.015
E24DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 11-
D1128 
Thursday, December 24, 2020 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate met at 10:00:29 a.m. in pro forma ses-
sion, and adjourned at 10:01 a.m., until 10 a.m., on 
Monday, December 28, 2020. 
Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 5 public 
bills, H.R. 9046–9050; and 1 resolution, H. Res. 
1272 were introduced.                                            Page H9152 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H9152 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
H.R. 3742, to amend the Pittman-Robertson 
Wildlife Restoration Act to make supplemental 
funds available for management of fish and wildlife 
species of greatest conservation need as determined 
by State fish and wildlife agencies, and for other 
purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 116–685, 
Part 1); 
H.R. 5187, to facilitate the development of af-
fordable housing, and for other purposes, with an 
amendment (H. Rept. 116–686); 
H.R. 5534, to amend title XVIII of the Social Se-
curity Act to provide for extended months of Medi-
care coverage of immunosuppressive drugs for kidney 
transplant patients, and for other purposes, with an 
amendment (H. Rept. 116–687, Part 1); 
H.R. 2113, to amend titles XI and XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for drug manufacturer 
price transparency, to require certain manufacturers 
to report on product samples provided to certain 
health care providers, and for other purposes, with 
an amendment (H. Rept. 116–688, Part 1); 
H.R. 3225, to amend the Mineral Leasing Act to 
make certain adjustments in leasing on Federal lands 
for oil and gas drilling, and for other purposes, with 
an amendment (H. Rept. 116–689, Part 1); 
H.R. 3414, to amend title XVIII of the Social Se-
curity Act to provide for the distribution of addi-
tional residency positions to help combat the opioid 
crisis, with an amendment (H. Rept. 116–690, Part 
1); 
H.R. 3417, to amend title XVIII of the Social Se-
curity Act to provide for patient improvements and 
rural and quality improvements under the Medicare 
program, with an amendment (H. Rept. 116–691, 
Part 1); 
H.R. 7539, to strengthen parity in mental health 
and substance use disorder benefits, with an amend-
ment (H. Rept. 116–692, Part 1); 
H.R. 2375, to prohibit prescription drug compa-
nies from compensating other prescription drug 
companies to delay the entry of a generic drug, bio-
similar biological product, or interchangeable bio-
logical product into the market (H. Rept. 116–693, 
Part 1); 
H.R. 2374, to enable the Federal Trade Commis-
sion to deter filing of sham citizen petitions to cover 
an attempt to interfere with approval of a competing 
generic drug or biosimilar, to foster competition and 
facilitate the efficient review of petitions filed in 
good faith to raise legitimate public heath concerns, 
and for other purposes (H. Rept. 116–694); 
H.R. 5133, to amend the Federal Trade Commis-
sion Act to prohibit anticompetitive behaviors by 
drug product manufacturers, and for other purposes 
(H. Rept. 116–695); 
H.R. 3439, to amend the Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 and title XI of the Social Security Act to 
extend appropriations and transfers to the Patient- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:43 Dec 30, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D24DE0.REC
D24DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 12-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
D1129 
December 24, 2020 
Centered Outcomes Research Trust Fund and to ex-
tend certain health insurance fees for such transfers, 
and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. 
Rept. 116–696, Part 1); and 
H.R. 5201, to amend title XVIII of the Social Se-
curity Act to provide coverage under the Medicare 
program of certain mental health telehealth services, 
and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. 
Rept. 116–697, Part 1).                                         Page H9151 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein she 
appointed Representative Dingell to act as Speaker 
pro tempore for today.                                            Page H9149 
Presidential Veto Message—National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021: Read a 
message from the President wherein he transmitted 
his Memorandum of Disapproval of H.R. 6395, to 
authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2021 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of Defense and for 
military construction, to prescribe military personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and explained his rea-
sons therefore—ordered printed (H. Doc. 116–174). 
                                                                                            Page H9150 
Without objection, the House postponed further 
consideration of the veto message and the joint reso-
lution until the legislative day of December 28, 
2020.                                                                                Page H9150 
Senate Referral: S. 2429 was held at the desk. 
                                                                                            Page H9149 
Senate Messages: Messages received from the Senate 
by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the 
House today appear on page H9149. 
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no yea-and-nay 
votes, and there were no recorded votes. There were 
no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-
journed at 9:12 a.m. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, 
DECEMBER 28, 2020 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. 
House 
No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:43 Dec 30, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D24DE0.REC
D24DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 13-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional Record
The Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each House
of Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, United
States Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶ Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶ To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO
63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶ Following
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶ With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record.
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.
U
N
U
M
E
P
LU
RI
B
U
S
D1130 
December 24, 2020 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
10 a.m., Monday, December 28 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will meet in pro forma 
session. 
Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
2 p.m., Monday, December 28 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Case, Ed, Hawaii, E1199 
Eshoo, Anna G., Calif., E1200 
Hall, Kwanza, Ga., E1199, E1200, E1200, E1205 
Levin, Andy, Mich., E1199 
Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E1202 
Stevens, Haley M., Mich., E1199 
Waters, Maxine, Calif., E1202 
Wittman, Robert J., Va., E1201 
Yoho, Ted S., Fla., E1201 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:43 Dec 30, 2020
Jkt 019060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 0664
Sfmt 0664
E:\CR\FM\D24DE0.REC
D24DEPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 14-
